Famed for lifting up sub-par productions simply by showing up, Helen Mirren should have been able to get a little something good going with Winchester.
The film is a surprisingly flaccid affair with scares simply not landing or sometimes coming across as unintentionally comedic.
There's some fun to be had.
The Spierig brothers [somehow] spoiled all possibilities of creating a disturbing space, despite it requiring almost no effort on their part to achieve. [Full Review in Spanish]
...destined to be forgotten. [Full Review in Spanish]
Australian directors Peter and Michael Spierig just can't capitalise on their real-world premise - despite their convincing command of genre fundamentals and an against-type Helen Mirren as their star.
There are enough creeks, bumps and jump-scares to keep things lively.
... despite the potentially interesting plot and even having an actress like Helen Mirren, everything results in an inferior development. [Full review in Spanish]
...well-performed effects, but not very disturbing. [Full Review in Spanish]
The elements could be fortuitous, but the result is uneven. [Full Review in Spanish]
Strange but dull Gothic ghost story inspired by real events.
The house is more interesting than any individual - and even it gets a bit boring after the opening hour.
... Winchester does not become the movie that it could have been. [Full review in Spanish]
Helen Mirren's appearance in this film is inexplicable. [Full Review in Spanish]
...as disconcerting as it is stimulating. [Full Review in Spanish]
A meandering, underwhelming attempt at a psychological horror story.
Budgetary constraints aside, the labyrinthine geography of the mansion is poorly communicated, sapping much allure from its bounty of potentially atmospheric spaces.
Despite an impressive cast that also includes Sarah Snook (Predestination), the Spierig brothers' (Daybreakers, Jigsaw) haunted house horror never really compels or offers anything more than low-level chills.
... [directors Michael and Peter Spierig] exploit the anti-armament allegory in order to ignore the narrative and end up lost in the corridors of a mansion to which they never found the exit. [Full review in Spanish]
The script is an episodic and disjointed mess that never generates any tension or dread, so the only scares are of the very fleeting something-jumps-out-of-the-shadows kind. We've seen it all done before, better and far more inventively.
Simultaneously the Spierigs' most elaborate (and surely expensive) film and their most disappointing, this is still probably worth persevering with for Mirren lovers and diehard devotees of paranormal pics.
Agreeable enough, but lightweight.
What is Helen Mirren doing in what is essentially a B-movie? I can't say but she brings great dignity to lines that are, at times, literally unspeakable.
Tedious Gothic ghost story that turns out to be a misfire...
...an especially lackluster entry within a crowded and mostly disposable horror sub-category.
With more time and money, this low-budg little horror flick could have been something special. As is, it's still worth your time and money to see it.
Marlon Wayans has made scarier haunted house films.
It could have been a torchbearer for the original Haunting, but ends up a slightly smarter cousin to the crappy 1999 remake instead.
If you thought that the jump scares in last year's remake of IT were unpleasant, then you haven't seen Winchester, the embodiment of pedestrian storytelling, wielding the boisterous jump scare as its only blunt weapon to 'frighten' you with.
'Winchester' is just another bland horror movie, far less interesting than the real mansion's history.
Like the house itself, Winchester is two-thirds scary, one-third unfinished.
There's a vibe of earnest, eerie elegance about it all, but the whole construction never rises above the ordinary.
Everything about the movie is flat - the cinematography presents the house as an abundantly ordinary collection of rooms, rather than a maze-like window into a haunted mind.
But it becomes a wax-museum of apparitions stuck in a gabled, and garbled, poltergeist plot.
This speaks to Winchester's overall failure of imagination-it's the sort of forgettable movie that could have been a memorable one.
Inexplicably they have the A-list talent of Oscar winner Mirren on their side. She is aided by Clarke, an actor at home in a genre film such as this or in serious dramas. Neither of them seems to be slacking or phoning it in, to their credit.
But the most disconcerting thing about Winchester is how grindingly tedious it is.
If only the Spierig brothers had made a thoughtful drama, inspired by a real-life eccentric, rather than a dull thriller, barely propelled by jump-out scares and creaky hallways.
While both actors' performances are convincing, their characters are bland.
Conceived without a thought to pacing or tension, and shot on location in what is very clearly the Australian countryside, it's an empty, seemingly endless slog through all the usual clichés of this genre.
The latest haunted house movie in the venerable "sort of Insidious except so much worse" mold.
This was a squandered opportunity...What could have been a crackling psychological horror pic ends up just being a serviceable haunted house pic.
Winchester will make you jump, but it won't really scare you, and even the presence of Dame Helen Mirren isn't enough to save its clumsy story from running out of ammunition before the final reel.
Winchester misses the opportunity to contribute to an important social conversation about gun violence and, furthermore, to tell a story that scares the hell out of filmgoers like its haunted house predecessors did.
This animated theme-park ride won't scare genre veterans. But it'll do as a Pot Noodle snack until such horror entrées as Hereditary, Cold Hell, and Mom and Dad arrive.
It shouldn't happen to anyone, much less a Dame - not a movie of such barreling awfulness that it strands the great Helen Mirren in a gothic house of cards that collapses on actors and audiences alike.
In "Winchester," the Spierigs have made a blunt and pissy American political film about the national curse of firearms and the unslaked, violent, destructive anger of the defeated Confederacy.
How disappointing that the film descends into hamminess and overused jump scares.
It's essentially a things-that-go-bump-in- the-night-in-a-spooky-old-house film and it does deliver a few decent scares, although the frights diminish with time, as does the quality of Mirren's performance.
You watch "Winchester" thinking about the movie that might have been, and wishing that those ghosts would transport Mirren into that movie, immediately.
A conventional haunted house film that insists on schlocky thrills and trite genre cliches.
The story of a fascinating woman retold in the most reductive, least resonant way possible, while actually sidelining her. Even cast as a simple haunted-house tale, it's not even a little bit scary.
Winchester is let down by the mythos that surrounds the creation of the mansion itself, saddled with living up to a haunting history that might have only existed in Sarah Winchester's head.
The captivating setting is squandered as a backdrop for generic sleuthing and spookiness.
There's something extra-cool about haunted houses as period pieces: the finer the china and the linens, the more fun it'll be when some zombie spirit trashes the place.
But social commentary is the last thing Winchester needs, especially when the movie turns pretty much into a shooting spree towards the end.
A work that is utterly toothless and boring, full of nothing but cheap jump scares timed out around a trope-filled plot that audiences have seen hundreds of times in bad modern genre films.
Let the guilt and dread and spooky atmospherics and oh, yes, ensuing madness commence! Wait, no? Jump scares? Oh well.
Signals its fondness for the obvious in near groan-worthy fashion.
The silliness continues as we're waylaid by a wacky array of vengeful ghosts...culminating in a close-quarters shoot-out that produces plenty of splintered wood and shattered glass but nada in the entertainment department.
There probably is room to create a complex character study of Sarah Winchester, but instead, the experience is only concerned with giving screen time to a bullet containing sentimental value engraved "together forever"
[the house's] structure reflects that of the film - a creaky accumulation of tropes from all manner of haunted house movies, stitched together into an impressive if ungainly edifice.
I miss the the world we lived in before I saw Winchester.
The script squanders its intriguing premise -- all the more so given the true story it's inspired by -- and offers jump-out-of-your-seat scares that are few and far between.
The Winchester Mystery House deserves a little better than "Winchester."
Even the scares, too infrequent for this type of film, have a consistent misdirection that becomes tired and predictable. The ending tries to be thoughtful, but there's not enough investment in these characters to care.
All that speculative fun has been shaped into a rather clunky, derivative bit of supernatural claptrap: a haunted house movie curiously low on mystery or honest scares.
Ho-hum apparitions appear and disappear without a trace. Ms. Mirren and her representatives are probably hoping the movie will do likewise.
Having laid out an unusually intricate and politically charged puzzle, "Winchester" proceeds to solve it in the clunkiest, most perfunctory way imaginable.
How do you take an utterly fascinating true story and turn it into something dull and predictable? See Winchester to find out the answer to that question.
Winchester misfires
Winchester is a bland horror film that avoids being altogether forgettable thanks to leads Helen Mirren and Jason Clarke.
Fans of the real house... will find some things to cherish in the first half of "Winchester," but by the time it ends, it's like a spent rifle. It made a lot of noise, and now it's empty.
A watered-down supernatural thriller about the same old vengeful spirits trying to right the same old wrongs.
As far as horror movies go nowadays, it's relatively restrained and stylish, but also pretty silly...merges tedium and absurdity in approximately equal measure.
It's just awful.
Even the presence of Mirren can't do much beyond classing up the joint a bit, but this really comes off as a missed opportunity. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scares, etc. - also Available)
If you can buy a vacation home by appearing in a terrible horror movie after a lifetime of working hard, I say go for it.
Beyond the performances and the production design and the fact that the movie does look good, there's really not that much to like here.
Winchester is a familiar haunted house shuffle about an infinitely more interesting topic, but you must play with the hand you're dealt - win, lose or draw.
But as a horror movie, a haunting movie, a ghost movie, this movie just fails because it's so boring. For so long nothing happens, then when things do happen, it's all a jump scare.
Winchester shoots itself in the foot at every opportunity.
There's one thing you can say for this ridiculous new horror: It finally acknowledges the right of ghosts to bear arms.
... shoves much of its true-life historical context to the background in favor of standard-issue haunted house fare.
Despite not screening for critics, this is a perfectly serviceable Gothic thriller.
What Winchester lacks in originality its creators amply make up for in execution.
Someday, when Mirren receives a lifetime achievement award, there will be a montage of her performances in great films. Winchester will not be a part of that montage.
A disappointing movie from directors, and a cast, who are capable of far better. A first draft script and pedestrian director leave us with the biggest mystery of them all: how did this go so badly wrong...
A staggeringly pointless supernatural non-chiller featuring some very tiresome jump scares.
Themes of guns, guilt and grief mount, setting equally perfect conditions for a resonant mystery. Somehow, though, the Spierigs run low on ideas.
A film about a labyrinth filled with ghosts quickly becomes methodical and familiar, stranding a great cast in an inert supernatural thriller.
There's a great film to be made out of the Winchester story, but sadly this isn't it.
Winchester is similar to Woman in Black in both looks and scares - but has Helen Mirren up its sleeve.
Mirren is as good as ever, but the film is a misfire.
Despite an intriguing premise, Winchester misses the mark. Its anti-gun message is a shot in the right direction, but lazy fright tactics and a contradictory ending leave it firing blanks.
It thinks "based on actual events" are words likely to boost the shudder count: instead, they cramp every flight of imagination a haunted-house flick should feel emboldened to make.
Winchester draws on a fascinating true story but then simplifies and sensationalizes it to fit creaky, clunky horror conventions.
Sarah may not be crazy, but the film seems slightly nuts.
What should have been a fun, entertaining jaunt winds up being a maddening, frightful bore.
"Winchester" is a drag, and while it retains visual potency, the screenplay never comes together in an exciting manner.
[The filmmakers] manage to waste this location by way of a predictable, shallow, and ultimately silly paranormal tale...
Mirren does her best to bring gravitas to the role, although I'm not sure that's what it needed. Nor does she give it Miss Havisham scary-spinster camp. It needed a bit more Bette Davis, a bit of sarcasm. Mirren just looks like she hates being here.
The Winchester Mystery House is an optimally spooky place in which to set a film, but not the plodding, decidedly exploitative one "Winchester" has turned out to be.
There's certainly good to be found in the story Winchester is trying to tell, but it's hard to believe it can possibly satisfy both the casual horror buff and the more diehard supernatural purist.
The first major movie disappointment of 2018.
The laboured script and nonsense denouement seems to suggest violence should be quashed with more violence with the film ending on a disappointingly obvious whimper.

@highlight

Like a grand staircase within the famous mansion that inspired it, Winchester appears poised to get a rise out of audiences, but ultimately leads nowhere.