...a bottom-of-the-barrel example of lowest-common-denominator childrens' filmmaking.
The story is where this movie falls apart from a grown-up's view. It's got an overwritten script that seems like it's been churned out of a weekend screenwriting course.
And, dare I say it, Cats & Dogs: TROKG is a well-made parody film, sinking its canines into spy genre cliches with gleeful abandon, in a way that its predecessor never quite did.
The action is cute, to be sure, but the cuteness wore off quickly for this adult.
I think young children will enjoy the movie very much, while adults will probably opt to go out into the kitchen and wash dishes while the tykes watch it.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Cats & Dogs 2 will be disappointing to fans of the original and will probably fail to capture any new hearts in its own right.
No matter that the film felt lumpish and witless, I have to say that the kids at the preview laughed a lot.
There are just enough effects-driven laughs but a bit too much talky dead space in this not-at-all-anticipated sequel to the tepid, poorly animated 2001 film.
For comedy value there is little to choose between the expensive antics here and the primitive spy charade enacted by apes in the 1970s TV series Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp.
A dog's breakfast.
The Revenge of Kitty Galore (in 3D) is loud, colourful and silly enough to tickle the 5- to 10-year-old target group, but only for about half its length.
This uncalled-for sequel to the mediocre 2001 talking-pets affair Cats & Dogs is all needless noise and second-rate CGI gunk, and never, ever funny in any sense of the word.
While the jokes are obvious, this fun family film has a big heart, an element missing from the recent slew of kids' movies about animals.
Passes the way a pet lover hopes euthanasia goes for their beloved feline or canine-a blur of motion, moments drifting by in a numbing fog, then the blissful end, free of pain at last. A forgettable, clunky CGI tinkertoy.
Let me be direct about this: I gave "this a half-star because it contains cute animals and, at the end, there are entertaining clips of animals that aren't in the movie.
It's beneath any cat to be sprayed repeatedly with a water bottle, or completely shaved, let alone dubbed by Bette Midler.
You have to strive for that kind of failure
Winds its way towards its conclusion with scant imagination, except in a purely technical sense.
Unlike the original it's too talky and chaotic to engage with either kids or adults.
If we are going to put words in the mouths of furballs, they surely have to be funnier than these.
Young children may love it but adults will find it hard to endure.
Not even an exceedingly cute beagle in a roll-neck pullover and spectacles can rescue this charmless live-action and 3D animated kids' caper.
The story is dumb, the jokes are dumber, the special effects are shoddy and the 3-D is headache-inducing.
Lacks much of the sense of fun that made the original film a blast.
The film's target audience... is going to largely be much too young to have any first-hand experience with the James Bond tropes being satirised.
For some reason, this sequel had some scathing reviews in the States, but I rather liked it and I reckon children will enjoy it.
The script suggests it was developed on the hoof; the CGI is low grade stuff; and the human performances are loathsome.
Nine years on from the first movie but somehow the effects have gone backwards and the charm has gone missing.
Now here's a film there's absolutely no excuse for.
A boring, terrible looking cinematic mess on the carpet threatening the series for good.
Why wait so long for a sequel? It's not like the writers spent nine years polishing the script to perfection. (Instead, they filled it with punchlines about butt-sniffing.)
Starts well but quickly wears out its welcome, thanks to increasingly unfunny gags, irritating characters, occasionally dodgy 3D effects and constant, tedious dialogue.
Kids will probably get a kick out of the animal antics, but their parents will likely be bored, despite occasionally witty touches obviously added with adults in mind.
You see one 'Cats & Dogs' movie and you have seen them all. Nothing new here.
Kids will need to be positively subnormal to enjoy a film this dreadful.
Should be avoided like a hound with rabies.
A low-rent cobble-job of the very slackest order.
Bette Midler ... lends Kitty a devilish rasp that's one of the joys of the film.
even among that target audience of kiddies, those for whom double-digits are looming just over the horizon will discover the bubble-bursting reality that predictability is a fact of cinematic life, and that not every double-take is intrinsically funny
May be the most adorable movie of the summer. I didn't see Marmaduke but I'm guessing they didn't have kittens in it, so this one edges that out already. It's basically just a harmless series of "awwww" moments.
At the screening I attended, most of the laughs from youngsters came during the end credits while clips of animals not even in the movie were being shown.
For a mediocre brand of children's action/comedy, "Cats & Dogs" accomplishes its not-so-lofty goal with honors.
A horrible movie that likely will entertain (very young) children. But when movies like "Toy Story 3" and "Despicable Me" are still in theaters, it feels irresponsible to force them to see this.
A lazy, painfully dull, unfunny and nauseatingly silly action comedy that should have gone direct-to-DVD.
Other than a few reasonably inspired in-jokes that will fly way over the head of the target audience and will only appeal to adults who will have no desire to attend, this 3D CGI-heavy epic is an unmitigated disaster.
Why isn't there a group that protects moviegoers from films like Cats & Dogs? Something like: The Don't Underestimate Moviegoer Brainpower Society - or DUMBS.
This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it. Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.
Once again, it does not matter how many big-name stars you assemble, if the writing sucks --- so does the movie!
Youngsters will no doubt flock to see it, which is a good thing, only if it keeps them out of traffic.
Dogs and cats are far funnier and more engaging when they behave like, well, dogs and cats.
The kitties and puppies are cute to look at, no doubt, but your average cat on YouTube is far more charming than anything in this kitty litter.
Cats and dogs working together for the greater good? Woof.
[I]f you measure your age in more than single digits, you can give the new Cats & Dogs a miss.
A harmless but fun hot-weather diversion for the family.
Better than the original Cats & Dogs. But so is a rabies shot.
Four-year-olds - and 34-year-olds - deserve better.
The notion of pets leading a double life has been much tapped for family movies, and the kid-friendly spy genre has been wrung dry.
If there are moments that aspire to the smart satire of the Austin Powers franchise, they're fleeting.
It's with the ostensibly adult humor that the picture gets into trouble. ... This funny-animal man saw a lot of potential go to waste ...
Fur flies in this frothy, innocuous, critter-filled romp - but it's certainly not worth the 3-D price bump.
Bette Midler, Sean Hayes, Katt Williams and the rest could ad lib funnier material in their sleep than the drivel they're given here. So, for that matter, could you.
We should be getting Hollywood level special effects, not rejects from Build-A-Bear.
Mostly, though, Kitty Galore is a grind, as well as proof that "What up, dog?" isn't any funnier when a pigeon says it to a dog.
The 3D conversion is awful. The special effects are awful. The acting is awful. The movie is awful. Stay away from this movie.
It succeeds as a modestly funny midsummer diversion.
Goofy animal adventure is full of first-grade humor.
The film feels underdeveloped and 'under-imagined.'
For an inflated premium 3-D ticket price, you, too, can enjoy the movie in all its sub-par visual glory.
Exploits every cliché with abundant good cheer and an admirable, unapologetic ridiculousness.
A rather tepid special-effects spy movie for kids, in the same vein as 'G-Force,' if you'll forgive the expression.
just the latest, lamest example of the "sequel nobody asked for" syndrome that frequently infects Hollywood like manger
Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore may be in 3-D, but it's the satirical vibe that makes the live-action kids comedy pop.
The only wit on display here is Roger Moore plummily intoning the phrase "butt-sniffing."
Acompletely unnecessary, nearly laughless sequel to the surprising 2001 hit, which stretched the one-joke, talking-animals concept as far as it could.
Civilization as we know it has ceased to exist.
Having real animals speak through the hideous magic of CGI is inherently creepy, and it's depressing to hear kitty and doggy thoughts come out so banal and jokey.
It's made just for less-discriminating kids and perhaps a few very easily amused adults. Emphasis on very.
Proof that kids comedy still requires quality storytelling and engaging lead performances to be successful.
The premise was inspired -- sort of -- the first time around, but not so much nine years on.
About as unremarkable as a film about talking animals organized into competing intelligence agencies can be.
For grown-ups, kids, dogs, cats -- whoever's watching, there's enough here to keep them entertained.
Pets play spy games in this children's movie that both spoofs high-tech espionage pictures and caters to single-digit sensibilities with gags about butt-sniffing canines.
Tolerably spoofs staples like 007 and The Silence of the Lambs.
The only reasons to see this sequel is Bette Midler as Kitty Galore, and some satirical allusions to pop culture phenoms (James Bond, Hannibal Lecter), but for a 81-minute adventre it's rather weak and charmless.
Lightly amusing but doggone derivative, the film bombards the audience with jokes, action and effects to produce an overstuffed experience that rarely enchants.
It's all rather silly and somewhat sweet.
The digital "peanut butter" making animals move their mouths to slumming celebrity voices is impressive, and the critters are well-trained in emotive head tilting. But for the love of Babe could we get more done with it?
No movie -- whether aimed at adults or kids or canines themselves -- has the right to be as tiresome and unoriginal as this action-comedy mutt.
This chatty 3D spy spoof is as hard-pressed for laughs as Marmaduke, once you get past the novelty of "Hey, the dogs and cats are TALKING."
Honestly, this concept howled feebly in 2001, making a second chapter bewildering, at least without a sizable effort to sharpen the picture's comedic aim. Even at 75 minutes, Kitty Galore feels endless.
not the plot nor the action nor most of the jokes offer the joy or delight to make Kitty Galore worth the trip to the multiplex
None of the satirical touches are ever allowed to impede the pic's madcap pace from one raucous setpiece to the next.
Too many frantic CGI critters ruin this spy movie with pets.
Like all unimaginative filmmakers that don't know what to do with 3D technology, director Brad Peyton subordinates all action in the movie to the tech he's working with.




@highlight

Dull and unfunny, this inexplicable sequel offers little more than the spectacle of digitally rendered talking animals with celebrity voices.