Little girls and salty sea dogs alike have long been held in thrall to the mermaid's siren song; in Aquamarine, based on Alice Hoffman's book, the ladyfish finds herself awash in the low tide of teen romantic comedy.
Director Elizabeth Allen sets a nicely easy-breezy tone for Aquamarine, but her comic timing is sometimes shaky and she sadly cannot overcome the weaknesses of the script.
The movie scores a major victory in reaching its audience with the all-too-important message that they are fine just the way they are.
Kids seem to love the recognizable 'tween stars, but for the rest of us it's sort of like the cotton-candy scene%u2014we're not sure whether to eat it or rub our faces in it.
As shameless as trashy cookie-cutter studios movies will ever get.
The performances are charming, particularly JoJo Levesque, who is rapidly becoming the new Lindsay Lohan (only in a good way).
Unfortunately, the performances are often clunky and the art direction and CG are wanting, so anyone over the age of eight is likely to find it cheap around the edges. One for very little mermaids.
This fantasy comedy should entertain its pre-teen female market -- and repel those silly superficial boys (swoon).
This is when my job feels like work.
if you aren't expecting much, Aquamarine isn't an utterly awful way to spend an afternoon
For supervising grownups, its giddy leanings will induce seasickness.
It's silly and trivial but harmless enough for undemanding teenage girls, and Roberts and Levesque make a vivacious team.
JoJo can't act-act, and the same goes for everyone else in Aquamarine who isn't a dolphin.
Aquamarine is pleasant enough and perfect for its target demographic, but it's a run of the mill movie that wouldn't stand out among the various cable TV offerings for its audience.
It's not going to win an Oscar or anything. But I liked how it was actually made for tween girls.
Cross the Gidget flicks with a sudsy fish-out-of-water tale and -- poof -- you'll get this 'tween fantasy, which only lands with a small splash.
An amusing, sweet 'n' spunky friendship tale - if you're a 'tween. If you're older, this may be too soggy and sappy for you.
As silly and girly as an adolescent crush -- and every bit as fun -- "Aquamarine" is the perfect film for girls age 10 and older%u2026and their older sisters. And their moms. And some of us who used to be adolescent girls.
I kept getting the sense of an Afternoon Special that had blundered into a theater by accident on its way to a TV set.
Fantastic film for tweens, bearable film for the rest of us
This movie, in fact, is all about conformity.
This film is entirely harmless. It's utterly forgettable.
A marketing trap for what MTV hopes will be its next viewing audience. Like the tobacco industry they seem to be going after them younger and younger.
Despite its narrative awkwardness, the film comes up with a terrific ending, underlining the importance of the girls' friendship over stereotypical romance.
Watching this prepubescent variant on Splash is like being trapped in a live-action issue of Teen Beat for ninety minutes.
A harmless fantasy with obvious appeal to its target audience -- tween girls.
The movie has a sweetness and innocence that makes it near perfect entertainment for its target audience.
Aquamarine isn't good enough to be a teen classic, but its audience will leave the theater happy.
Aside from an inspired bit involving a pair of sycophantic starfish, it's amazing how unimaginative a movie about a mermaid can be, and it's sad how thoroughly its girl-power stylings devolve into a muddle of mixed messages.
If you're not a twelve year old girl, pass it by. If you are,or younger,and are still a girl, you should see it.
Heartfelt but clunky, the mermaid-out-of-water story Aquamarine offers enough female-positive messages to make it worthwhile viewing for 'tween' girls.
Aquamarine touches on tried-and-true coming-of-age themes -- developing self-esteem and overcoming fears -- but does so with a winning light-heartedness.
Like its title character, Allen's choppy and inconsistent film has two speeds, ditsy or sentimental, and never gathers momentum.
Aquamarine really is just an adorable movie. And along the way, life lessons about love, friendship, adjusting to bad news and overcoming grief -- are passed along in a not-that-obvious fashion.
Girls deserve a fun time at the movies, but they also deserve movies with a better message than Fib, Flirt and Shop.
This is a totally predictable exercise if you're not in the target market.
This movie's no Little Mermaid and it doesn't make much of a Splash. But it's high-spirited, innocent fun.
Bouncy and sweet, Aquamarine has a mild feminist bent that's played for laughs, but it's definitely a movie for the shallow end of the pool.
A little bit Splash, a little bit Nickelodeon, Aquamarine is just as sweet as gummy worm bait and is guaranteed to reel in the middle school set who are itching to do something at the mall.
Aquamarine demands little of its audience, but it doesn't demean it, either, which in this day and age is something worth noting.
It's hopeful, it's healthy, it squeals in all the right places and it offers proof positive that being stuck up is a bad thing.
If there was more content in the Alice Hoffman book on which it is based, the screenwriters keep it effectively submerged.
Aquamarine film is not a completely noxious or painful experience, though it's rather juvenile and has a cornball sense of humor that is squarely aimed at its obvious target demographic.
If the target audience deserves a chance to hear the messages Aquamarine wants to share, does it not also deserve a movie that isn't merely a TV show at double the usual length?
Like its title heroine, it's sparkly, pretty and flirty -- but often all wet.
Core plot aside, Aquamarine, adapted from Alice's Hoffman's novel, is more the story of two very typical tweens teaching their sometimes-befuddled new friend what it means to be a girl.
Girls will know Aquamarine is unique because it's the rare movie that fiercely respects the altruistic loyalty that bonds girls to one another.
much easier to sit through than your average Hilary Duff vehicle... and, for its target audience, it's sure to be a spring break must-see.
This will do very well with the target audience but it's a little tough to suffer through as an adult (even for us and we can be pretty immature).
Only on DVD will the movie achieve its true destiny as the perfect slumber-party rental for 12-year-old girls.
It's hardly a whale of a tale. But that doesn't mean it's not flip, finny fun.
Both Roberts and Levesque are better known for their recording careers than their acting, and while they have regular-girl presence, their believability wavers greatly from scene to scene.
Director Elizabeth Allen takes a fairly well-worn fluffy genre and infuses it with heart, if not originality or messy logic.
Aquamarine's modest charms make it an agreeable diversion for its intended demographic.
For girls of a certain age, this is an ideal movie. Older viewers able to check their worldly cynicism at the door should have a good time too.
Just enough to satisfy its undiscriminating intended audience, but it'll be neither here nor there for anyone else.
Sweet and sprightly in just the right measures, Aquamarine is one of the season's pleasant surprises.
She's a blonde haired, blue eyed mermaid who loves Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream. HELLO SARA PAXTON, I AM IN LOVE!!!!
Aquamarine is a frothy, cute feature film that (for at least a good 70 minutes) should be painless for adults, and manna from heaven to girls.
It's a harmless diversion that should keep kids amused and parents relaxed.
In this sweet comedy for the crowd that has outgrown The Little Mermaid, two likable pals try to help a mermaid find love and learn how to use her feet properly.
The movie does it what it does well enough, and without condescension or egregious illogic, to be simple, boy-crazy fun.
A spunky and entertaining movie about two 13-year-old girls, a mermaid, and a quest for love and magic.
A likable, light-hearted fantasy.
While both Splash and The Little Mermaid are movies that have no shortage of cross-generational appeal, Aquamarine is destined to swim in a much shallower pool of fans.
Aquamarine rises above the flotsam filling theaters this time of year with a likable tale of friendship and charming performances.
Aquamarine is better than nothing for its woefully underserved audience.
The plot is predictable, the emotions are obvious, and the mermaid reminds me of my friend McHugh explaining why lobsters make ideal pets: They don't bark, and they know the secrets of the deep.
Think of Aquamarine as an eventful day at the marine park, with plenty of bubble gum to go around.
OMG!!! -- this mermaid-out-of-water story is totally for tween and teen girls and their best friends -- and nobody else.
You can't begrudge its earnestness or even its corny puns -- None of it keeps Aquamarine from being as sweet and disposable as the gummy snakes its eponymous heroine loves so much.
The tweener romantic fantasy Aquamarine is likely to strike a chord with junior-high girls, but other demographics are apt to find this fish-out-of-water story a bit dry.
This big-screen after-school special may not appeal to adults, but it'll make a splash with preteens.
It's a solid recommendation for young girls and those unfortunate parents trapped into chaperone duty. For everyone else, especially those possessing a Y chromosome, there's not much of interest. But then, you weren't planning to see it anyway, were you?
Undemanding, unsurprising and really quite charming within conventional limits.
Director Allen keeps the buoyant tone aloft at least until the third act, which gets a bit soggy in places, but she's obviously got a terrific rapport with her young actors.
Aquamarine won't make the splash of Splash, but bless its little flippers, it tries.
If you are now or ever have been a girl of 8 to 13, you'll be occasionally charmed by the giggly bonds of girlfriends and 'guppie love' the film portrays -- but also occasionally green at the gills.
...a sparkly endorsement of what can best be described as Barbie culture.
Gentle-hearted and surprisingly sweet.
Because it doesn't take itself too seriously, Aquamarine actually demands your attention.
an utterly disposable, yet thoroughly charming piece of bubblegum pop aimed squarely at pre-teen girls
A filmy pool of tropes and tchotchkes stereotypically associated with Girls of Today.
Clearly intended for 11-12 year old girls, Aquamarine is actually DOA for all ages.
Everyone looks like they're struggling to appear human, and only one has a huge, fishy tail as an excuse.
The story, based on Alice Hoffman's YA novel, nicely blends the fantasy elements with astutely observed portrayals of early-teen fears and friendships. That's where the real magic is.



@highlight

A lighthearted, gum-smacking, boy-crazy film with a hopeful message for young girls.