Paying scant attention to either historical accuracy or character complexity, the Xena: Warrior Princess director Lefler goes for a straightforward good versus evil plot with a predictable climactic battle.
As the Roman Empire crumbles, undemanding escapist entertainment with wonderful production design and a cast.
There are, after all, aimed at young audiences plenty of movies more mean-spirited, indiscriminate and obnoxious than The Last Legion. But at the same time there are plenty that are, alas, less frustrating.
No twist is too farfetched for this Dino De Laurentiis epic.
A good cast wallow about in a story you can't believe for a moment.
Colin Firth is not an actor who projects sparkling joie de vivre at the best of times, and The Last Legion, a cod-Roman reimagining of Arthurian myth, is very much not the best of times.
Tosh, but disarmingly sincere.
A hunk of old Brie, left all day in the glove compartment in a car on a hot summer's day, could not smell more ripe than this absurd sword'n'sandal Roman movie.
Silly and camp.
A novel hybrid of swords, sandals, horned helmets and furs, this really is a load of old rubbish, but there's some fun to be had, especially for boys who like to have mock sword fights with wooden sticks.
Paper-thin characters, stilted conversations and abrupt editing mean this is hard to get involved with, and its link with Arthurian legend feels contrived and clichéd.
Crudely mangling Arthurian legend into Roman history, this creaky swords 'n' sandals romper trundles forward like a hurriedly upholstered TV movie.
The action sequences are handled well enough but the CGI isn't up to snuff in a tale that barely merits the retelling.
This attempt at reimagining the Arthurian legend fails to raise the pulse due to some leaden dialogue and unconvincing performances.
A wannabe sword-and-sandals saga.
...makes a hash of history, but...just think of it as a nifty adventure dreamed by an imaginative boy who dozed off in his grandfather's library.
Here's a strange concept: A goofy, Indiana-Jones-type spin on the pre-Arthur legend.
While it's almost certainly guaranteed to be a box office bomb, I'm suspecting this goofy little adventure will earn a few bemused fans once it hits DVD.
A passably entertaining hodgepodge of sword-and-sandal film clichés and Arthurian romance.
This take on the Arthurian legend is flawed but watchable.
Every once in a while, though, Firth's eyebrow hints, Can you believe I'm wearing this dorky leather breastplate?
Lots budgetary-challenged battles of the largely bloodless PG-13 stripe with folks in smelly looking leather suits and crepe hair clanging swords and saying 'Arrgh' a lot.
At best, it's aggressively mediocre, a movie that passes the time without ever really engaging your attention.
I have too much respect for Kingsley and Firth to believe they did this for anything other than the money, and to their credit, they give their best efforts.
Despite the occasional gleam of wit, very little is to be taken seriously -- not the story, not the acting and certainly not the history.
This unoriginal picture also suffers from uninspired dialogue uttered by actors who are better than this and a jokey tone that would work if we hadn't already heard all the same lines in director Lefler's tv work in Hercules and Xena.
The movie rarely feels fresh. Even an absurd cage-match like 300 cared enough to be both rousing and handsome. There's no fun to be had here.
Though it's never wise to underestimate the power or universal appeal of Rai's cleavage and lustrous hair, that's about all that sets the doggedly mediocre The Last Legion apart from every other sword-and-sandal epic about the origins of Camelot.
This sword-and-sandal spectacle from those epic-loving De Laurentiises might have made a good children’s film.
Even though the film clocks under two hours, it seems longer than a Lord of the Rings marathon played on slow motion.
[B]ereft of anything approaching the movie magic it is clearly desperate to evoke...
not compelling, not mythic, and not exciting
While the swashbuckling content is engaging enough on a popcorn level, the attempts at any sort of epic heft fall way short of the mark.
I will at least smile as I recall its harmless idiocy, in much the same way that one smiles at retarded people one passes on the street.
'The Last Legion' is a wonderful adventure/fantasy with great characters portrayed by actors who know how to grab our attention.
To say that this is amateurish would be to elevate it to a level of professionalism it does not achieve.
This movie, for all its quasi-realism, is never as inspiring, interesting, or disturbing as the stories to which it points.
The many faults of The Last Legion give way to guilt-free popcorn thrills.
Firth is horribly miscast. I'll buy him as a romantic lead or the main character in a drama, but he's almost laughable as an action hero.
We can only hope that the title of this misbegotten swords-and-sandals adventure is prophetic.
Trust me, it's worth the price of admission to see Colin Firth, an actor of such steely emotional reserve, play butch for two hours in a Mike Brady perm.
This Anglo-Italian co-production has quite a bit of fun finding a direct path from the fall of Rome to the birth of Arthurian legend.
Put yourself in the proper boy's-adventure mindset and The Last Legion's corny moments will just add to the charm.
The chief problem with The Last Legion stems from the filmmakers' apparent inability to decide what kind of pic they wanted to make, and what sort of audience they wanted to target.
Ultimately, The Last Legion isn't horrible, certainly not bad enough to keep it away from critics, which its distributors have unfortunately done.
An old-fashioned boys' adventure yarn...no great shakes as a fantasy epic...but there are far worse movies out there for young boys.
In The Last Legion, Rome doesn't fall. But it does look like it would rather be lying down and taking a nap.
The real problem is that The Last Legion is just too boring.
All are given swords to swing and mouthfuls of fake archaic dialogue to speak and none of it makes a whisper of sense.
There is a disconnect that comes with watching Firth - who is usually associated with classy British romantic comedies - anchor something so tacky.
A depressing pageant of bad dialogue, uninspired sword fights, corny getaways, and loads of completely unintentional sexual innuendo.
The Last Legion is more quaint than thrilling, but it's refreshing to see an old style sword fighting movie that's not completely dependent on the use of digital trickery.
Once you accept The Last Legion for what it is, namely a Saturday adventure matinee show aimed at impressionable 10-year-old boys, then you'll have a passable time at the cinema . . . Sort of.




@highlight

With miscast leads and unoriginal, uninspired dialogue, The Last Legion pales in comparison to the recent cinematic epics it invokes.