If you don't already know that Julianne Moore is one of our greatest living actors, this underseen film will prove it to you, as she takes a potential simp... and makes her dignified and inspiring.
Defiance, Where? Female Compliance Behind and Before The Camera
The script just dulls out.
This Prize Winner is a winner for its smart portrayal of a resourceful woman who loved her family, loved words, and loved life.
Far worse films with far lesser credentials have been given much fairer shots.
[Offers] an almost subversively idealistic subtext to a now-familiar ritual exposé of the American dream.
Moore delivers one of the best performances of 2005.
... in another director's hands ... might have devolved into a truly terrifying Lifetime-style screed against the oppressiveness of the masculine ego
It makes for a nice Mother's Day card. But not enough for a complete movie.
...assembles an uneven but fairly inspirational package, manipulative in spots but with its heart in the right place.
What was wrong with it? Well, I can tell you in two words: Woody Harrelson.
In the end, Prizewinner is surprisingly uplifting and proves to be more of a timeless, genderless feel-good story than a period chick flick.
Just a run-of-the-mill homage to motherhood lifted from the ordinary only by Moore's natural radiance, and in the end that's not quite enough.
[W]hip[s] hardship into a nutrition-free froth of nostalgia and facile charm: it's The Wonder Years as produced by Good Housekeeping magazine.
No, for all the film's charms and pleasant disposition this drama can't help but come across like a made-for-cable Lifetime channel movie of the week.
Rarely do you have a movie in which both lead actors give Oscar-worthy performances, but Defiance, Ohio is one.
But even as Prize Winner goes through these odd motions to set Evelyn's taxing context and her admirable survival, its most extraordinary moment turns surreal.
For once, a true story gets no romanticizing or needless embellishment to become a captivating movie.
An uneven but loving tribute to a remarkable woman -- who would, undoubtedly, have wished to rewrite it herself.
Not satire, but not serious, the movie chirps along with corny jingles and patronizingly 'feminist' winks at Evelyn's sugarcoated nightmare.
What distinguishes Anderson's work is her obvious empathy with all of her characters, including Kelly Ryan, whom she does not demonize.
It's a well-done autobiography, full of small but telling moments and details that add dark edges to the frame.
This is an engaging film about a real family and about optimism in the midst of hardship, but it's also a fascinating historical document.
Anderson can't do much with the inherent limitations of the hagiopic, which demands a repetitive litany of sacrifice and sanctity, with each hill and every valley designed to further enhance the landscape of inspiration.
There's not much to the film's story, but the characterization of a family's life is vivid and rich.
Julianne Moore delivers another hard-hitting performance as a 1950s housewife - and despite being too earnest to be entirely believable, it's a highly rewarding film.
Moore's radiant performance does for this movie what the real-life Ryan's "contest-ing" did for her family in the 1950's -- it holds it together with mesmerizing grace.
It has its own subversive power, as it elevates one family's struggle for working-class survival and valorizes a woman of simple faith and inner strength.
Moore's performance stays miraculously away from caricature, makes us believe the nobility of her Donna Reed-ish character and turns the movie into a strangely satisfying, retro-feminist vision.
A mixed bag of goods. A bag of goods, it definitely is, but without a consistent point of view.
A lot of the time it feels like Angela's Ashes have been scattered in Pleasantville.
Julianne Moore is absolutely outstanding in this role, giving an Oscar-worthy performance.
Julianne Moore carries this film with a memorable portrayal.
While the film is deliciously retro in its look, it is decidedly retro in its values and message.
An honest tear-jerker.
A bit thin and uninvolving.
Talk about desperate, long-suffering housewives! This poignant, syrupy domestic saga, set in the Betty Crocker '50s, borders in being infuriating.
The movie can be looked on for its incidental evidence of everything wrong with American capitalist obsessed ideology.
This is basically a chick flick that isn't for guys. Gals take your friends, guys stay away.
You know the sort of harried, harangued and yet utterly unflappable housewife who is often referred to as a saint? This movie canonizes one.
Evelyn's optimism in the face of ongoing adversity never feels schmaltzy or tacky.
Moore is such a warm and vibrant presence that she alone makes the movie worth seeing.
Smiling through adversity, Moore is the heart and soul of Prizewinner and worthy of prize consideration come Oscar time.
The prize in this movie is Moore, a first-rate actress who finds layers in Evelyn that the script fails to investigate.
It's time someone awarded Julianne Moore a prize.
Leaves a bitter little aftertaste.
Her philosophy of forgiveness in the name of love and happiness is put across by Moore with fierce, focused conviction.
A poignant look at a family overcoming adversity, the film also provides a glimpse of past popular culture many of us know little about.
The basic, based-on-a-true-story plot -- plucky '50s homemaker provides for her family by entering jingle contests -- is pure Lifetime weepie.
Depicts the Eisenhower years as a golden era when women had the good sense to ditch their careers and endure horrible marriages for the sake of having lots of kids.
The alternating scenes of giddiness and violence create a sense of irreconcilable differences, both for the couple and the audience.
Like a thumbed-through flipbook, it merges humor and pain in fascinating overlap.
The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio is ultimately a trifle, but an enjoyable one.
The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio carries no surprises in its too sweet telling of 50's family life.
This movie isn't going to win the grand prize but it does deserve an honorable mention.
Julianne Moore caps her trifecta of 1950's housewives...the picture of unfailing optimism and persistent strength, an amateur psychoanalyst and manipulator of male behavior
It's a Winner all the way.
No knocks on its interesting true story; I just wish it had something more to give of itself on screen than just dolled-up domestic dramedy.
Thoughtful and energetic....Anderson has in Ryan's story a bittersweet exemplar for the unsung toil and love of prefeminist desperate housewives...
Jane Andersons bittersweet, satirically savvy film tells the true story of a 1950s housewife (Julianne Moore) who helps feed her family by writing jingles.
A densely layered, and intelligent film
Evelyn's behavior just seems surreal, and it doesn't help that the movie never settles on a consistent tone, looking back from an ironic distance at first, then moving in for a painfully close look at the Ryans' tribulations.
The only thing that stands between this woman and canonization is death.
The film is mild and tentative, as if Anderson and company had inadvertently given in to the wrong sort of 1950s influence.
There is such little chemistry -- positive or negative -- between Moore and Harrelson that they might as well have been acting on separate sets against a blue screen.
A genuinely touching story about how a woman can use her intelligence to overcome tough situations. Take your mom, or your daughter.
There's potential for a poignant metaphor about the sacrifices so many mothers make for their homestead, but Anderson and Moore are so busy creating a blandly perfect domestic goddess that they never stop to wonder about the human being inside.
Prize Winner, written and directed by Jane Anderson, avoids obvious sentiment and predictable emotion and shows this woman somehow holding it together year after year, entering goofy contests that for her family mean life and death.
It wavers -- like life -- between drama and comedy and frequently pushes too hard, Prize Winner is a confidently delivered story that resists sap until the final act.
Let us praise Julianne Moore, who lifts it above and beyond the banality of a TV sitcom until it sprouts wings.
Even though Prize Winner ultimately asks us to swallow that golfball-size happy pill, Anderson and her not-so-secret weapon Moore are actually clawing their way toward something deeper and far more complex than a cheerful, embroidered slogan.
[It's] light on conveying any real feelings of Eisenhower-era darkness the prizewinner herself might have felt during her decades of marriage to an abusive, drunken man.
The quality and sympathetic nature of Moore's performance makes it a worthy tug at the heartstrings.
Shameless Eisenhower-era corn.
Julianne Moore is sure to hear Oscar calling for her captivating performance as 1950s housewife Evelyn Ryan, who raised ten kids on twenty-five words or less.
Forget Katharine Hepburn as Eleanor of Acquitaine and Bette Davis as Queen Elizabeth, Julianne Moore as Evelyn Ryan is as strong a woman as you'll ever seen in a movie.
A rather schizo piece of filmmaking that is too busy to ever be dull, but the only Prize in the foreseen future for it might be the boob tube.
A true account of how a woman's intelligence and stoicism saves her huge family, The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio sensitively presents an unvarnished view of the 1950s and early '60s through the subtle filter of the present.
A spirited comic drama.







@highlight

Noteworthy for Julianne Moore's performance, Prize Winner is nonetheless a largely indistinct and tentative film that fails to convey the true power of its bittersweet tale.