Bobby Jones deserves a better movie than this one.
In going after a "Seabiscuit" type of movie about the famous '30s amateur golfer Bobby Jones, the filmmakers chose a double epithet for a biopic that gets nowhere near that film's captivating sports story from the same era.
The film has its sappy, predictable moments, but the gorgeous cinematography, apt direction and fine acting more than compensate. Think of it like Chariots of Fire on the golf course.
Caviezel é claramente velho demais para o papel, o que já o tornaria uma escolha inadequada - mas, além disso, jamais convence ao retratar o temperamento explosivo de Jones.
... plodding, special interest movie that feels more like a Golf Channel original production than a full-blown major motion picture.
Laborious and almost studiously old-fashioned biopic
The sort of film wherein Bobby can't win a tournament until he can control his temper.
an infomercial that can't end soon enough.
This would have gone straight to video had it not been for the box-office success of "The Passion of the Christ."
Much like the many 'Jesus' movies, the film stays clear of controversy and plays it safe, making the casting of Jim Caviezel even more ironical.
...[so] reverential that star Jim Caviezel may as well be playing Jesus...Stroke of Genius strikes me as a labor of love; for most audiences, it will be just a labor.
Glowing, soft-focus, hagiographic, toothless...
It's Jesus Goes Golfing and by the halfway mark, I was hoping the caddies would rebel and give Jones a 20-minute scourging with a cat o' nine irons.
Destined to reach a tiny audience of serious golf fanatics and Caviezel fans Caviezel convincingly projects Jones's sincerity, flashes of anger, and bursts of pain.
Jim Caviezel has a new "passion", this time it is golf
[T]here's just not that much thrill in watching that little ball rolling toward the hole.
Jim Caviezel, hot off his success in "The Passion of the Christ!"
[Director Herrington's] unbalanced structure is too front-loaded making the film a long, if fitfully engaging, sit
It'll probably delight the golf junkies who presumably funded this project, but their green is not enough to make the movie's greens light up the screen.
A man who shied away from the cameras would not want contrived events used to deify him.
[Caviezel's] aw-shucks demeanor... is at odds with the pedestal-building efforts of every other element of the movie
an earnest attempt to portray the life of a sport legend
Delivers nothing more and nothing less than one would expect from a boilerplate sports biography, which is to say, the standard triumph against a litany of standard obstacles.
Even the staunchest of golfheads must know they're watching a cut-and-trite accounting, rather than a fanciful evocation.
Herrington celebrates both the near-mystical love of golf that drives devotees and Jones' victory over self-doubt and the relentless pressure of other people's expectations ... but does so in the most saccharine terms.
For the most part, it's an act of big-screen worship. As drama, this one would have been better had it been a little more willing to go into the rough.
As happens occasionally on the putting green, there are brief flashes of tension and drama, but more often it's a long slog to the 18th hole as thoughts drift to that icy martini waiting in the clubhouse.
Was Bobby Jones really this great a guy? Who knows? But after watching the greed that has consumed sports and the anti-heroes that have consumed modern films, finding someone to clap for is an OK way to pass the time.
'Fore!' haunted by 'Bore!'
Jones deserved better than a biopic with a TV-movie heart.
A lovely, well-acted production.
Plays out much like a round of golf -- slow, old-fashioned, tediously long, and lacking in drama.
It's not a bad film so much as a frustrating one.
Caviezel manages to mix integrity and humanity in his portrayal despite the limitations of the fairly mundane script.
This creaky, slow-chugging jalopy of a movie grows on you.
What's the drama in seeing a perfect man play a perfect game?
A sluggish meander through the life of the man considered by many to be a deity of golfing.
I found this to be among the most boring, flat and cliched sports movies I've ever seen.
Maybe golf films don't have to be comedies to succeed, but frankly, we'd all be better off renting Caddyshack again.
Earnest, old-fashioned and undeniably dull.
If Bobby Jones was a more complex individual, you'd never guess it from the film, which mines an endless string of sports cliches and passages from literature.
Bobby Jones had a golf swing remembered as sheer poetry in motion, and much of the movie about him demonstrates the same grace.
No doubt we should be grateful that Jones' story isn't churned up into soap opera and hyped with false crises and climaxes; it is the story of a golfer, and it contains a lot of golf.
With so much love in the air, you might wish Jones would go back to cursing and bouncing clubs off spectators once in a rare while.
Amazingly, it engages your attention and even respect while trotting out every clubhouse cliche in the book.
Struggling to stay awake, I kept reminding myself this is a movie aimed at people who actually enjoy watching golf on television.
Lots of loving shots of sun-dappled greens, slow-mo swings and swelling strings, golden light with hooting panpipes, and Kipling, Will Rogers, Tennyson, and more Kipling.
The movie struggles to drum up excitement during the golfing games and gets bloated by trying to examine every angle of Jones.
It is nice to be reminded every so often that competition can be emotionally rewarding as much, if not more, than monetary gain.
As an actor Caviezel's a good plaster bust, and Bobby Jones: Stroke of Genius is just the hermetically sealed showcase for his display.
If only the movie were as interesting as Jones' actual life and achievements.
The picture looks good and plays well, if deliberately, like a golfing version of Chariots of Fire.
Long on craft but short on drama, leaving it far short of the green.
The script, which -- unlike Seabiscuit -- follows a standard biopic formula, really can't forge anything terribly inspiring or dramatically compelling or even coherent out of Jones' quest to master what can be the most frustrating of all sports.
A high-minded, lethally dull biography of the legendary golfer Bobby Jones.
Flawed as it may be, it respectfully honors a man who deserves to be honored.
Mr. Caviezel's naturalness provides this movie's artistic salvation.
Jones was an incredibly complex character, and the movie paints him as some kind of back-swinging Howdy Doody.
While the ensemble cast is often warm and engaging, Caviezel fails to bring his character to life.
True-blue golf buffs should find it a treat. For others it's no deeper than a tin cup on a putting green.
Much of the time, we are, literally, watching grass grow.
Perhaps golf is just too internalized to make great drama.
...so reverent of its subject that it might as well be titled `The Passion of the Bobby.'
Relaxed, leisurely and unforced, exactly the way a pleasant round of golf ought to be.
Less movie than fawning infomercial.
A great sports movie and an inspirational family film about an American legend.
While it's somewhat bloated and intermittently dull at two hours-plus, the polished visual treatment and Caviezel's sober performance lift this above the standard network movie-of-the-week level that might otherwise have been its natural domain.
The relentlessly downbeat nature of the character eventually becomes a bit wearying, not to mention such pained admissions as 'The longer I play this game, the harder it gets.'
Proof that when a movie is nothing but inspirational, it can sink and disappear into a field of dreams.
is not so much a film as a sermon conceived as a series of lessons designed for moral improvement and delivered by a preacher who long ago exchanged enthusiasm for boredom
Sports biopics and dewy-eyed nostalgia go together like golf and soul-withering tedium, no more so than in this earnest hagiography.
Earnest, plodding docudrama...Bobby Jones might have had a stroke of genius, but this reverential biography about him is a movie of mediocrity.





@highlight

This earnest, monotonous biopic lacks dramatic tension and simplifies Jones' life.