A poorly animated, poorly conceived, utterly predictable science fiction adventure without a single shred of originality.
So inane that not only is adult enjoyment unattainable, even younger audiences will be on to its lack of intelligence and novelty.
"A poorly conceived comedy spotlighting a collection of anal-centric humor that's about as appealing as baseball bat to the face."
In terms of animation, Planet 51 is out of this world. Then there's the story and the characters, which are about as dull as a dirty penny.
A short-sighted assembly of sci-fi references and scatalogical humor that should nonetheless placate undemanding tots ... for ninety minutes or so.
Nothing really gels and Planet 51 just comes across as shrill, rushed and unfunny.
While certainly diverting, its overly frantic attempts at humour, pointless homages to other films and lack of charm mean it falls some way short. It's not terrible but neither is it memorable.
A charming spoof of cold-war alien paranoia, this is visually inventive and full of action, but could do with more humour.
A thin joke becomes attenuated to breaking point.
Well and truly aimed at kids, Planet 51 is a film they will thoroughly enjoy yet which any accompanying adult will have lots of laughs in too.
Just how much of this will be appreciated by children is questionable, but the film is clearly intended to keep them happy with lashings of colour, movement and cheesy jokes while older, diehard geeks can enjoy all the reference spotting.
Funny and well designed, but doesn't live up to potential due to uninspired dialogue and heavy hand of marketing.
The screenplay aims wide for every snappy, pop-culture joke that can possibly be cracked. But the viewer's funnybone remains an elusive target.
Little kids who've never seen this story before might get a kick out of it and its bold colours. Parents will be yawning and looking at their watches. At least G-Force dared you to hate it; this just dares you to stay awake.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say Planet 51 was written by a bunch of monkeys...who were trapped in a room with some typewriters. Surprisingly, the works of Shakespeare are the only texts they haven't blatantly ripped off.
Glar and his friends are more or less all-purpose protestors, showing up on sidewalks with placards announcing, "We're really upset!" over nothing specific. And that makes them about as amiable and as bland as everyone else on Planet 51.
There's enough of a storyline here to keep younger space cadets moderately settled.
A hideously annoying and emotionally blank tale.
It could have added up to something. Alas, any excitement is submerged by the relentless barrage of trite sci-fi allusions and nudge-nudge gags aimed solely at adults.
The action pans out pretty predictably but such is the verve of the story and the impressive visuals you may find yourself heading off course to catch Planet 51.
A jumble of kiddie slapstick and pointless chases.
The laughs come thick and fast in a sprightly kid pleaser full of slapstick set-pieces and memorable characters, while more grown-up viewers will find themselves grinning at pastiches of the Cold War paranoia of bygone sci-fi movies.
An extremely dull and unfunny comedy with pop-culture references where the gags should be, and humdrum voicings.
While pretty much a cut-and-shut of every animated movie of the past decade, this sci-fi comedy should achieve blast-off with the under-10s. For adults, however, this is as solidly so what? as you can get.
Good fun if you can put up with the pastel colours and plasticky textures, which show that in modern fantasy animation all that pixellates isn't Pixar.
It's frenetic and knowing in the modern manner, though, a couple of good gags apart, not very funny. Its patchiness merely demonstrates the gap between Pixar and the rest of the field - which is the distance between genius and talent.
Amiable, lightweight fare that adults might appreciate more than children.
There's not a single laugh-out-loud moment in the whole film.
Silly but not hilarious ... with a message that's so simplistic you might miss it.
It's no shock to see Shrek co- writer Joe Stillman on the credits, because Planet 51 follows the exact same formula - slapstick for the kids, sly gags for the parents and a rubbish romantic subplot for nobody.
With nods to Spielberg, Stanley Kubrick and a host of sci-fi B-movies, the film's pop-culture references are there but predictable rather than inspired. A bit like the whole movie.
Inoffensively bland.
When a film's best characters are rip-offs from other movies. you know you're in trouble.
It's hard not to compare, but Pixar's classy and imaginative films set the bar high, while movies like this aim too low.
Like the alien town of Glipforg at its core, Planet 51 offers attractions that are just a little too familiar to take the viewer out of this world.
...a mildly entertaining, visually well-crafted animation that can wait for rental.
Much of the detail will go above the heads of its young audience, but adults will enjoy the clever touches, like the Alien Hotline, the upcoming anticipated release of the movie Humanian 3 and the rock-collecting probe called Rover
The film isn't terrible if you're, say, six. Because you simply don't know any better.
After all the other animated CGI films this year, Planet 51 just feels like a rehash, and not nearly as charming as it wants to be.
can't quite get over the inertia of its failings
The movie's idea of big laughs is an extended anal probe joke.
Perhaps the Spanish-based animated feature Planet 51 should have added a dash of Pedro Almodovar to spice up a rather ordinary revisitation of ET.
A tale of human/alien friendship, Planet 51 seems worse than it is because it comes at the end of one of the best years in the history of animation.
This has the directionless, recycled feel of a script by committee.
An uninspired computer-animated feature that may satisfy undiscriminating pipsqueaks and nearly no one else, Planet 51 is a low-IQ E.T. in reverse...
Planet 51 doesn't have enough plot for a 10-minute animated short, much less a 90-minute feature. And unfortunately, what it does have plenty of is crude, lowest-common denominator humor.
Young children and adults with high pain thresholds will enjoy the movie during its brief pause on the way to your On Demand menu.
The whole thing is just terrible.
dull and lifeless, moving inertly from point to point without offering much that's memorable or amusing
Doesn't belong anywhere near the best animated picture race, but you can do a lot worse when looking for a family flick to pass the time.
If this had been released on Thanksgiving Day or Christmas Day, it wouldn't have been lost in the shuffle.
After positing its central gimmick, it more or less stands there for 90 minutes, waiting for applause that never comes.
It's cute, it's passable, the animation is fine--but the major problem with the film is its predictability.
So trivial and unimaginative that, unless you're desperate for sci-fi diversion for the kids, you should wait for the dvd.
... characters are as thin and unengaging as the animation is sleek and shiny.
It works for about 20 minutes. And only if you grew up in the 1950s to juke boxes filled with rock and roll including Sheb Wooley's The Purple People Eater
An often amusing, harmless adventure with enough inoffensive humor and impressive CGI animation to make up for its lack of exhilarating moments and refreshing surprises.
A trite compendium of everything that's wrong with non-Pixar computer-animated feature films.
This sharp-looking but unimaginative adventure hasn't the wit of similar kiddie flicks.
If you've seen Space Chimps, you can expect the same level of quality. It's not excruciating, but it's entirely forgettable.
This simply doesn't have the right stuff.
The movie as a whole isn't exactly ground-breaking, and some of the humor tanks. But it has enough action, laughs and candy-hued visuals to satisfy the target audience without plunging grown-ups into despair.
With nowhere to go except toward that incongruous moral, the story is getting thin on the ground, obliging director Jorge Blanco to pad with the usual plush stuffing -- bland action and busy edits.
The script lacks wit, and the in-joke references to cinematic sci-fi classics will soar over little kids' heads without pleasing many adults.
Definitely a planet worth a visit.
Mediocre, clunky and just so not special.
The agreeable but flagrantly unoriginal Planet 51 belongs to the mix-and-match school of animated moviemaking.
Planet 51 sucks.
Planet 51 is innocuous to the point of distraction.
Underwhelming alien comedy has some suggestive humor.
Computers have been assisting in the production of animated films more and more every year, but have they started writing them too?
What gives with Joe Stillman, a credited writer on the wonderfully witty Shrek/Shrek 2? Here, his prior expertise in working with lime green characters has inexplicably given way to lifeless gray.
It's good-spirited, and there are enough colorful characters to please its intended audience. Best of all is an Earth-built robot on wheels named Rover, who thinks it's a dog. He'll be a hit. If only the main characters were as interesting.
Planet 51 isn't terrible, just bland and predictable as a story, though at least the humor that's tacked onto it is gentle and unassuming...
Plays to the cheap seats rather than exploring its admittedly clever premise to the fullest.
Stargazers believe there's intelligent life out there. You just won't find much of it on "Planet 51."
Children won't understand the '50s-based humor or the references to the creature features that dominated the era, while adults will muster little more than the occasional chuckle
"Singin' in the Rain" references? John Glenn? Cold War duck-and-cover drills? What time capsule yielded this script?
Planet 51 is cute, but it's no Shrek.
It's fun for the kids, and adults should have a good time too.
As the umpteenth computer-animated film released this year, it must contend with an over-saturated marketplace. That's one strike. The second strike is that it's not any good.
Parental Content Review
The movie has little ambition to the creation of its world and even less when it comes to the humor.
Rest assured that nothing of significance will disturb said infant, neither feelings nor images nor ideas. No danger here; just a faint, faraway tickle of boredom.
It is a shame that a movie tweaking retro cliches falls into the white bread conventions itself, especially from a Madrid-based production company.
Instead of spinning its spoof of 1950s sci-fi paranoia in new directions, the movie trades in potty humor and tired sendups of The Terminator and Star Wars.
The story itself is weakly conceived and doesn't sustain a feature-length movie.
Starring bright animation and the voices of Justin Long and Dawyne Johnson, Planet 51 follows a hilarious concept with weak execution and way too many references to better films.
The film fails at creating characters with credible emotional textures, a task easily, and vividly, demonstrated by Pixar time and time again.
At a time when so many other animated films are actively pushing the envelope, Planet 51 just bottom-feeds.
Do anal probe gags sound like fine family entertainment? How about multiple scenes depicting ugly gay panic? Not to worry; a penis joke referring to a male member as an 'antenna' is right around the corner.
The animated sci-fi spoof Planet 51 makes you wonder if things might be more interesting on Planet 52.
Largely, it's a jellybean of a movie: bright, colorful, sugary, and with no real content.
A movie so flat and derivative that it seems to have been cobbled together from other, better pictures.
This 90-minute movie feels about five hours long.
It's all a creepy mishmash of sci-fi and fantasy classics that director Jorge Blanco tarts up with an unwholesome preoccupation with pee, anal plugs, and homosexual anxiety.
Although not bowling me over, Planet 51 is a jolly and good-looking animated feature in glorious 2-D.
Independently and internationally produced CG animated comedy Planet 51 has the visuals to compare with bigger budgeted Hollywood studio offerings but not the storytelling spark.
Delivers a few pleasant surprises, including a smart story -- a reverse-E.T. riff that plops an American astronaut down in a world of just-like-us-only-green creatures -- and clever characters...
Animated alien entertainment exclusively for those who've already had their brains sucked out.
Planet 51 mainly succeeds at reminding you of all the better movies that inspired it.
A playful throwback to the days when cartoons were mostly aimed at children.
A high concept gets low execution in Planet 51, a lame-brained toon that even kids will recognize as an insipid goof on sci-fi conventions.





@highlight

Planet 51 squanders an interesting premise with an overly familiar storyline, stock characters, and humor that alternates between curious and potentially offensive.