The Next Cut is a comedy with dramatic heft or a drama with solid comedy, depending on how you look at it. Either way, it more than justifies returning to the barbershop.
I did not laugh much, but it is effective on an emotional level, as a portrait of a people trying to cope with gang violence that is spinning out of control in their community.
A more mature installment that seeks to challenge audiences as often as it cracks them up, Next Cut marks a charming and enjoyable evolution of the series.
No one is going to be talking about this film when awards season rolls around next time. But chances are good that you'll leave the theater with a smile on your face. Considering the real-life subject matter, maybe that's worthy of a prize.
For the most part, Lee and company still manage to coax solid laughs and to give the grim facts the gravity they deserve.
This one, thankfully, boasts some welcome new cast members (including the rapper Common and Nicki Minaj), a new director in Malcolm D Lee (the cousin of Spike), and a fearless approach to difficult subjects.
It's like a PG-13, dad version of Chi-Raq. The message, if a little preachy and a little schmaltzy, is also worthy and well-meant.
The barbs are scissor-sharp, making this a threequel that delivers what you want while throwing in some surprises.
Barbershop: The Next Cut brings topical social issues into the narrative but only starts meaningful conversations without genuinely pushing them forward.
The best of the Barbershop quartet (following 2002's Barbershop, 2004's Barbershop: Back in Business, and 2005's Beauty Shop), Barbershop: The Next Cut offers more laughs and more meaningful commentary than previous installments in the series.
The first one to really get a semblance of the first movie's charm back. It's easily the best of the sequels.
Like its predecessors, the third in the "Barbershop" series is rough around the edges, by turns funny, jubilant and sentimental, sometimes forced, but rarely phony.
For all the jibes, silly feuds, romances and dancing, it is their decision to take a stand against the violence that impresses most, and their disillusionment with a President they hoped would bring change that stays with you.
What really makes this latest trip to the Barbershop a cut above most comedies is that it manages to be both powerful and timely, without being preachy.
The film does have a certain heart, but I can't be the only one hoping not to see a Barbershop 4, whatever the obvious temptation to complete a quartet.
It's harmless stuff although the swerve into gritty social justice may not win it many fans among a fanbase more concerned with blow-dries than drive-bys.
In short, it may have been a long time (12 years) coming, but Barbershop 3 is much better than expected.
An inspiring film about a black South Side community that decides to take a stand against gang violence.
A daring and admirable comedy that never loses its sense of humor even when it tackles tough subjects that other films wouldn't dare to address.
A durably funny comedy that balances a likable cast and has something to say about its subject, even if it's not something especially groundbreaking. (Splice Today)
For a third installment in a series, Barbershop: The Next Cut feels just as original and relevant as if this were the first one.
The funniest in the franchise.
Kenya Barris and Tracy Oliver's script has its preachy side, but with an endearing mixture of idealism and cynical humor, and the cast is packed with solid talent.
It does a lot to make you think, but The Next Cut has a much harder time persuading you what to think about anything in particular.
Directed with unfussy efficiency by Malcolm D. Lee, cousin of Spike Lee, the movie arrives as very much a companion piece to Spike's 'Chi-Raq,' also crafted as a response to the alarming murder rate among young people in Chicago's inner city.
What most captivates is the rhythm of those scenes in which the characters mount the soapbox to share stinging observations on a variety of topics in an often hilarious back-and-forth battle of words.
The fourth entry in the Barbershop franchise delivers keen social commentary, bringing back many of the key players from the 2002 and 2004 installments.
It also feels alive and true. Despite its grim plot hooks, the jokes mostly land.
With Barbershop: The Next Cut, not only is this the best of the three, but it packs in plenty of drama and comedy to entertain and educate audiences across the board.
"Next Cut" a welcome reunion.
Barbershop: The Next Cut is very good. It tries many ambitious things, and for the most part, succeeds. That's a rarity, indeed.
Leaving aside the humorous cultural escapism of the early aughts, The Next Cut faces the racial and political issues of 2016 head on.
While Ice Cube and company set out to be funny, they also set out to call attention to an awful situation on Chicago's South Side.
This Barbershop is simply a place where we can all laugh together, sometimes at ideas that veer close to being explosive.
Snippy, relevant social commentary...
The first half of the movie is especially fun when each character who enters sparks a deluge of one-liners, battle-of-the-sexes banter or pop-culture barbs about Kanye, the Kardashians and R. Kelly.
...Barbershop: The Next Cut succeeds with its charming cast, endearing dialogue and timely sociopolitical subject matter.
It's refreshing to encounter a sequel that leans deeper into sociopolitical realities, not further away.
Barbershop: The Next Cut is less a franchise close-out, and more a movie that sits a cut above its predecessors, admirable for its tenacity
Contrivances are more powerful than good intentions, leaving this return to the franchise full of praiseworthy ideas, but ultimately less than triumphant.
The film contains all of the funny byplay, dust-ups, and he-said/she-said back-and-forths of the first two films. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
If the execution is sometimes clunky, if it tries to fit in too many characters, plot points and conversation threads, at least all of that is in the service of a higher ideal.
Ice Cube revived his smack-talking franchise at a pivotal moment. Swinging from hard laughs ... to potent drama.
Combine "Black-ish" with "Straight Outta Compton" and voila. A "Barbershop" movie for Obama-era America.
At its best, The Next Cut is a vibrant, fluid open forum on questions of race, sex, and bullshit.
The movie deals tangentially with #BlackLivesMatter but what it's really about is the space: a place where a community can get together to share their anger, pain, faults and joys. That matters too. That's what these movies are.
Integrity, community trump violence, sex in funny sequel.
Not the usual lighthearted Barbershop installment, but also intelligent and highly relevant.
Could use a trim but the push that the African American community needs to do something about gangs resonates.
Welcome to the most conservative film of 2016 (so far)
What makes it work is the talk, the constant banter that sways in and out of heartfelt discussion of all the big issues: race, gender, politics, community, family, and love.
It's stagey, often simplistic and it talks too damn much. But, hell, the talk has flavor and snap and a real-world sense of a community in crisis. Not bad for an escapist romp.
Next time? Just a little off the top please, and leave the socio-political commentary to others.
The cast has a natural chemistry and the shop has an authentic feel. Even as things get preachy, the quips keep customers coming through the door.
Instead of offering easy answers, Barbershop: The Next Cut raises important, difficult, and timely questions.
As well-meaning but insubstantial 'issues' movies go, it's a pleasant one, with a large, likable cast and a palpable respect for the community it represents.
Succeeds by staying focused on the core values that have made these movies so beloved and successful: faith, family, and community.
Barbershop: The Next Cut poses serious questions and-quite a feat -- even generates some big laughs while doing it.
For all its faults, there is something wise and enjoyable in the way the members of the shop and community talk about the problems in Barbershop: The Next Cut.
The comedy remains strong, even with the addition of an extreme topic. In fact, it does just the opposite by giving the film an added texture.
"The Next Cut" manages to be entertaining and thoughtful, harmless fun but just serious enough not to seem frivolous.
The newest chapter in the Barbershop franchise... styles itself as a love letter to Chicago's South Side neighbourhood, with a sombre postscript.
As politically savvy as it is raucous and funny, Barbershop: The Next Cut is a stylish cut above its predecessors.
A moderately funny but uncommonly focused ensemble comedy, this isn't just a movie about the gun violence that plagues Chicago's South Side, it's a movie that was made in response to it.
For a freshly-shaved-chin wag, "The Next Cut" covers ambitious ground.
Just about everything else clicks, thanks in no small part to the wonderful performances from the deep cast.
The most fascinating - and the most moving - thing about this sprawling, sincere and boisterous movie is its tone.
There are enough moments that feel both real and true to make one hope the latest cut isn't the final one.
Low-key, wholesome sequel aimed at Ice Cube's older fans.
The movie ... offers what any barbershop worth its repeat customers provides: An hour or two of good company, and the feeling that you're leaving a little sharper than when you came in.
I like that Barbershop: The Next Cut found a way to weave together such a potent mix of styles, genders and themes and make a movie that makes you laugh and makes you think.
A pop sonata of stand-up comedy routines layered with, if not vitality, then at least honest energy.
It's not groundbreaking stuff, but it's solid fun. If a studio is going to deliver a niche audience high-concept, low-cost films, this is the way to go.
"Barbershop: The Next Cut" combines the broad comedy that moviegoers have come to expect from the franchise with social commentary that's surprisingly effective.
Calvin's Barbershop is the same familiar comfort it has always been, to both its patrons and filmgoers.
[Lee] handles the huge, excellent ensemble and tonal shifts with skill as the crew argues about sexism and politics, along the way mocking everyone from President Obama and R. Kelly to Bill Cosby and the Kardashians.
Ice Cube's life leading to this project - partly defined by the N.W.A. biopic Straight Outta Compton - lends invaluable credibility to this movie's many messages, about violence, respecting women, parenting and accountability.
Just as the men and women at Calvin's Barbershop are older and have more responsibilities, so too is "Barbershop: The Next Cut" more mature than its cinematic predecessors.
A movie theater, like a barbershop, is a communal space, and the clamorous conversation plays especially well to a crowd eager to spend time with a bunch of likable stars.
"Barbershop: The Next Cut" is a funny movie, but also a serious movie, and - who knows? - maybe an important one.
Sometimes we need a good sermon, and like the best of sermons, "Barbershop: The Next Cut" dispenses its message with enough humor and wisdom to inspire and linger after it's done.
The franchise hasn't improved quality-wise, but the racially charged humor still crackles.
Without maligning its predecessors, it might be the best of the three.
Glutted even more than its predecessors with ancient fellas-versus-females debates, ungainly sociopolitical commentary, and top-40 superstars trying to diversify their brands.
Director Malcolm D. Lee and writers Kenya Barris and Tracy Oliver develop each of these characters enough to deliver a winning ensemble comedy with multiple story lines and just the right dose of realistic drama.
Third time's a charm for Ice Cube & company!
Sneaks real vitriol about an out-of-control problem into the mainstream in a movie about comedians cracking at length about how Obama probably has tail on the side.
The Next Cut is a true love letter to Chicago, but one that doesn't ignore the hard truth about the problems the city still faces.
Spike Lee took a much less prosaic look at Chicago's gang violence in last year's challenging Chi-Raq, but this more straightforward presentation will probably find more traction among mainstream audiences.
Even though it touches upon topical issues, its drama is forced and hinders rather than compliments proceedings.
A cut above.
Ice Cube, Cedric the Entertainer and a fresh cast of hair-cutting cut-ups ground this overly earnest but not-unwelcome third 'Barbershop' feature.
The movie doesn't pretend to solve any problems, but shows that community and communication- and in this case laughter - might.
Too many cast members, too many sermons, too few laughs

@highlight

Heartfelt, thought-provoking, and above all funny, Barbershop: The Next Cut is the rare belated sequel that more than lives up to the standard set by its predecessors.