The overwhelming feeling is that Allen's story was not good enough for the makers of this shiny, overproduced biopic, so they have Forrest Gumpified everything beyond belief.
With Oscar winner Forest Whitaker fully embracing the project and an impressive ensemble cast that brings to life America's dark racist past, Lee Daniels' The Butler is significant.
The film paints a disturbing and expansive portrait of the civil rights movement-from Jim Crow's "separate but equal" charade and demonstrations, to forced desegregation and the eventual victory of an African American in the White House.
The Butler has some wonderful moments that are powerful and moving, but its scope will ultimately (and unfortunately) polarize its audience.
Daniels does a good job of portraying the period in a warm, moving and righteous manner.
While the film fictionalizes many aspects of Allen's true story (even changing his name to Cecil Gaines) for dramatic effect, it stays true its sentiment.
The movie may be celebrity overload, but we're willing to deal -- because the message is just that powerful.
Brilliant. Historic. Compelling.
The Butler's final notes have too strongly followed through on traditional, slightly staid dramatics to have it both ways.
Is anyone else in America making films like Lee Daniels? For my money, he deserves his name above the title.
The breadth of the subject matter tirelessly works against director Lee Daniels and company, leading to some inevitably goofy casting choices and unfortunate make-up work.
The excitement comes from watching the director's rude energy chafe up against the constraints of a traditional Oscar-bait biopic.
The Butler is often impressively acted, beautifully shot and clearly designed to try to pick up a heartfelt award or two. But, as a film, it's too fragmented to carry its own weight on its shoulders and is over- burdened by a starry cast.
The Butler tells an obviously important and inspiring story, but the actual movie is laughable.
A large-scale, middle-of-the-road work that is entertaining and moving in the way that many other movies about the struggle for race equality have been.
The Butler is as worthy and earnest as its hero... but some scenes have a gut-wrenching impact that makes the struggle to overcome bigotry and oppression heartrendingly real.
A deeply moving melodrama about a subtly subversive black butler at the heart of the White House. You will need Kleenex.
It's a heart-warming tale simply told.
The best film of 2013 (paired with "12 Years a Slave").
It's not an interpretation of actual history as much as it is a reduced revision of movie history.
A more grandiose version of The Help, The Butler stands at the ready, eager to offer an after-dinner mint of simplified, sweetened history to make us--especially white Americans--feel good about how that whole racism thing turned out in the end.
That Gloria expresses her own pain and her own desires makes the film's most important point, that history is not a trot through dates and period details, presidents and incidents.
It's a veritable star-spangled jamboree. And through it all, Whitaker keeps his powder admirably dry ...
Think of it as a Trojan horse. Apparently harmless, it takes key myths about the land of the free and inflicts an impressive amount of damage.
As the beating heart of this story about "a crippling legacy of bigotry and injustice", Whitaker is back on form.
The Butler provides a well-paced look at the fluctuating and often shocking socio-political landscape of the 20th Century...
It's effectively Forrest Gump Goes To The White House, with all the patronising political reductionism that implies.
Has all the bells and whistles one could want from a big, fat Oscar-baiting picture.
What makes this film worth seeing, above all else, is the remarkable, grade A cast-list.
It may be a tad schematic but it's never less than absorbing and beautifully acted by a strong cast, including Oprah Winfrey as Cecil's troubled, lonely wife.
If only history were like this: epochs of simple-minded epic struggle, followed by happy-ever-after closures.
This is an strangely slushy movie from Lee Daniels, whose last two films bristled with unexpected life. By contrast, this star-packed drama uses a true story to trace the Civil Rights struggle from the 1950s to the present day.
Lee Daniels comes good with this rich and politically subversive tale of a long-serving White House butler.
Engaging and enjoyable run-through of Civil Rights history, enlivened by a superb central performance from Forest Whitaker, a strong supporting cast and a parade of entertaining (if occasionally distracting) cameos as the various presidents.
Daniels' depiction of this era is well-balanced, gripping, and often electrifying. Occasional snippets of real-life media solidify the significance of the movement.
History is written by the victors, they say; this movie looks as if the history of American race politics as written by Julian Fellowes.
Feels so dehydrogenated and polyunsaturated that an apter title might have been Lee Daniels' I Can't Believe It's Not Butler.
Long, ponderous, but undeniably entertaining, The Butler is a ritzy crash-course in US political change.
The Butler proves a decent, significant, but slightly stodgy affair. Its dignified restraint stifles its anger.
Apparently the film is based on real White House butler Eugene Allen: you can't help feeling he should have been served better.
Manipulative and preachy, The Butler is redeemed by a sensitive performance from Forest Whitaker and the undeniable power of the events it depicts.
If you've ever wanted to know what Oscar bait designed with a slide rules looks like, The Butler is it. Think of The Butler as The Help Goes to the White House. That's not a slam, by the way [but] it is a big story spread thinly over two episodic hours.
It may skip so quickly through historic events that it can feel rushed and flimsy, but excellent performances elevate it to serious Oscar contender.
The Butler burned like phosphorus early but fizzled towards a heavy handed conclusion and 'message' that lands with the finesse of a sledge hammer.
With so many actors and so many subplots, it felt like I was watching a rushed chronology of civil rights events than an engaging, character-driven story.
A confronting and at times deeply moving (if also sanctimonious) take on the US Civil Rights Movement.
A self-conscious, would-be historical drama that's too distracted by star cameos and domestic strife to be truly effective.
Having lived through it all - serving six Presidents - Cecile Gaines had a unique perspective, and the film does capture this quite well. But it's overly ambitious. The result is rather episodic, like getting Postcards from History
While The Butler offers many enjoyable moments, it feels as though Daniels has tried to cram too many details and deliver too much information
Sometimes uneven but always sincere, 'Lee Daniels' The Butler' is a dramatic history of civil rights as seen through the eyes of a White House butler who served several presidential administrations.
Amusing stunt casting aside, it's riveting to observe how civil rights evolved from inside the Oval Office
This film is a little melodramatic, seemingly contrived and predictable, but nonetheless can deliver a strong emotional impact.
The dramatized arc of one man's long, arduous but finally glorious and transformative journey across time reminds us of just how far America has come.
When the movie focuses on the free-wheeling, irreverent banter among the butlers, or takes us home with Gaines, it gets more interesting.
A high-minded, didactic, but irresistible entertainment ...
The film's compulsively watchable vibe proves to be short lived...
Whitaker's ever-observing, ever-expressive eyes tell the tale of how he actively processes, thinks, and feels even if outwardly he may appear as nothing more, as his job requires, than a virtually invisible bystander.
It doesn't have enough confidence in its story without introducing various heavy-handed gimmicks to manipulate audience emotion.
Good story about a White House butler but too episodic in order to get all Civil Rights events included.
Daniels certainly flirts with greatness, and even if he doesn't quite get there -- except on occasion -- he's made a very worthy film.
Maudlin claptrap
Oprah Winfrey is great at everything. This is no news flash, but it's as apparent as ever when watching Lee Daniels' The Butler.
Sometimes corn is good for you.
Whitaker's steadfast performance as an ordinary man in extraordinary times is what makes 'The Butler' so special.
Despite the awkward, narcissistic title and the oddity of seeing John Cusack playing Richard Nixon, Robin Williams as Dwight Eisenhower, Alan Rickman as Ronald Reagan and Jane Fonda as Nancy Reagan, this is a good film.
A film with its heart very clearly in the right place, and its imagination left behind in a locked root cellar.
Instead of rolling out historical content like a mighty stream, it only trickles weakly
Forest Whitaker imbues his part with immense dignity and the old-age makeup is effective showcasing Cecil during his later years.
Uninvolving bio-pic about a man who just happened to be around when things happened. Latter day Zelig fails to grip.
Lee Daniels' The Butler is part lackluster biopic, part ham-fisted (and somewhat misguided) historical allegory - despite noble intentions of the cast and filmmakers.
The film is entertaining but awfully slender -- a light look at heavy history.
It makes the most important American story of the 20th century personal and electrifying.
If Forest Whitaker wasn't in this film, it would have been a misfire.
You realize it was released in the summer as an Oscar contender, because it won't be an Oscar contender in November.
Whitaker stands astride "The Butler" as solid and unmoving as the Washington Monument.
Strong performances and a straight-forward script allows Lee Daniels' The Butler to solidly deliver on expectations.
Both (Daniels) and Strong have compressed an engrossing saga covering the Civil Rights Movement, five presidents, a family's generational growth, and a love story into 132 minutes. It had to be a daunting task, but it works
It's another of the film's ironies that while Gaines owes his success to an ability to make a room feel empty, Whitaker, even at his most still and silent, fills the frame with life -- with presence.
I was moved by this film. I laughed, I teared up. I - dare I say? - related. And that is more powerful than any message movie could ever be. You should see it even if (like me) you're white and conservative. Especially if you're white and conservative.
[A] turbulent, emotionally overpowering movie.
The Butler would have been better served by lesser-known cast members carting less baggage into these iconic historical figures.
Well-acted civil rights tale is moving but too formulaic.
Unlike some cynical attempts to court favor with the Hollywood elite, it's solidly crafted, strongly acted, and -- most excitingly -- it shows that Daniels has evolved as a director. It's the finest work of his career so far.
Winfrey is good, though, demonstrating yet again that she's an actress and not just a celebrity playing an actress.
The movie belongs mostly to Whitaker, who can convey affection, sadness and disapproval while scarcely raising his voice or an eyebrow.
The historical moments are staged not only to underline their importance, but to clarify the movie's self-importance in restaging or referring to them.
Lee Daniels' The Butler is a straightforward film that puts the recent past in our grasp.
It's a truncated history lesson, to be sure, but one that Lee Daniels' The Butler serves up fairly well.
At times maudlin and at other times just smug, dabbed with just enough humour to keep from being insufferable, it's like a victory lap that serves to dull and distress the hard-earned footsteps that came before it.
The film is, in the conventional and lamentable 21st-century Hollywood mode, so overt and obvious that at times it feels like a parody of historical drama.
A history lesson in violence and endurance. A sentimental journey. A tribute. Director Daniels and the dedicated cast of The Butler deliver all that.
The best of The Butler contains moving, powerful moments.
Lee Daniels' The Butler is deliberately and meticulously designed to grab Oscar and Golden Globe and other nominations for acting, writing and directing.
It's just too bad that no one reeled in Daniels' direction as he too often lets the film turn into a sermon instead of a lesson.
A phenomenal continuation of the director's visionary eye for storytelling, imagery and reality.
By trying to inflate one remarkable life story into the chronicle of a generation, Daniels fills what could have been an inspirational, personal saga with a lot of hot air.
Ultimately, I think 'The Butler' ... represents an eagerness to look back and face the past as we try to figure out what still needs to be done to ensure a better future.
Potential Oscar For Whitaker
Emotions conjured by events that ought to make us proud are likely to be soured with resentment at the cloddish manipulation that is the abiding curse of the Hollywood prestige picture.
Its built-in dramatic potential (even if mostly fabricated via artistic license) is squandered and the big-screen version of detailing the real man's notable career doesn't give him his fully deserved justice.(Full Parental Review also available)
A messy film -- it really shouldn't work. But it does.
What's missing from The Butler aren't good performance, solid production values and an obvious respect for history -- it's the ability to make that history seem vital, to make it matter.
It would be a mistake to pigeonhole this as a film for "black viewers," as if the history depicted here hasn't impacted us all. This is a film that deserves a wide audience.
Daniels directs in about five styles at once, like a Bollywood maestro. No, it's not a musical, but it makes plenty of visual music.
The Butler may be a sanctimonious cartoon, but it points to events in the civil rights struggle that were as grotesque and extraordinary as any fiction can invent.
"The Butler" mixes big issues and big people and real human life with surprising grace.
It's too obviously a careful tour through American history, and while some sequences work - particularly the various attacks on civil-rights workers - too much of it feels as flat and cheap as a film strip.
[E]ventually, the intentions of Lee Daniels' The Butler are overpowered by [the coincidences] and the heavy-handed way they serve as bridge through history.
Cecil Gaines may be a fictionalized character, but he carries a lot of weight on his shoulders, beautifully interpreted by Forest Whitaker.
Whatever the film lacks in refinements it more than makes up for with its genuine emotional currents and fine lead performances.
A well-meaning, but overly long history lesson that largely finds its captivating hook whenever the attention is focused off its title character.
Forest Whitaker gives the performance of his career.
What The Butler tries to accomplish is so noble and ambitious that it almost doesn't matter how clumsily maudlin it ends up being, how over-earnest and sanctimonious it can be.
The director's sometimes absurd bravado-along with Forest Whitaker's grave, wise performance in the title role-is what gives this outsized and sometimes lumbering film its irrefutable emotional power.
Overall, the ensemble cast and important story, as well as the beautiful costumes, make "The Butler" a worthwhile experience.
This cavalcade of star power is just the frame. Director Lee Daniels and screenwriter Danny Strong put the human story at the center of the tumultuous historic changes.
"Lee Daniels' The Butler" might have been titled "Lee Daniels' Forrest Gump" - its hero challenged morally rather than mentally, but watching history in Gumpian fashion, as a series of cameos viewed through a slightly clueless daze.
Entertaining if still a bit artificial, The Butler is destined to dust up some Award Season merit come the end of the year. It may not deserve it, but at least its heart and its head are in the right place.
There are two sides to every story, and "Lee Daniels' The Butler" personifies both of them.
If only it could have been Spike Lee's The Butler
The movie's a mess, but a unique and provocative one.
"The Butler" is a nice idea for a movie, but has a mostly silly script and some of the craziest and most laughable casting imaginable.
Remarkable not for its "Forrest Gump"-itude but for its unerring social portrait of a black middle class torn by the stress-fractures of an era.
Both deeply affecting and blatant Oscar bait.
Even at its worst, it prefers to stimulate rather than launch another noisy parade of stereotypes.
Packed with stunt casting and distracting performances.
The Butler is an inspiring and important summation of the black struggle.
This is one significant film where less would have been a whole lot more.
"The Butler" benefits greatly from Whitaker's subtle, grounded performance, which seems to bring every other cast member down-to-earth, including big stars playing historical icons.
Fiction merges with fact, and finally soars.
The film certainly works in part (Oprah's just terrific as Gaines' wife), but if two previous Pennsylvania Avenue films this year were dubbed "Die Hard in the White House," this one's destined to be remembered as "Forrest Gump in the White House."
An unimpressive survey of American racism told through an under-whelming drama.
A singularly full-hearted and moving film.
When compared to something as patronizing and manipulative as "Forrest Gump," "Lee Daniels' The Butler" comes off as an earnest crowd-pleaser with history on its side.
There's no denying the stumbles that mar this alternately riveting and risible historical epic. Yet Lee Daniels' The Butler holds you, provokes you and ultimately moves you.
"The Butler" has all the ingredients to conduct a "for your consideration" campaign come Oscar time - it's noble, poignant, historically important.
Strong work from the three stars as a family splintered by Civil Rights-era tensions, but the film too often resorts to easy sentiment and simple caricatures.
Despite admirable work from Whitaker and Winfrey, Lee Daniels' The Butler is nearly crushed by its own symbolic weight and its contrivance of a central character arc from keeping one's head down to learning to stand up.
The Butler is a classy production, well-acted throughout but its reach exceeds Daniels' creative grasp.
You can see what director Lee Daniels was after here, but the material overwhelms the storytelling.
The forced mash-up of "Forrest Gump" and "The Remains of the Day" leaves a bit too much machine oil on the shag carpet, but Whitaker is there to clean it up.
A brilliantly truthful film on a subject that is usually shrouded in wishful thinking, mythmongering and outright denial.
This superbly crafted and impeccably acted civil rights drama is the first major Oscar contender of the year.
That the movie is even the least bit coherent is a major victory for the director, who somehow manages to fashion an arc of turmoil, suffering, and awakening without completely dissolving into his happy place: hysterics.
In its bid to sum up the black experience in America, Lee Daniels' The Butler loses sight of the man at the film's core.
Like America itself, the movie's a stimulating tangle.
Make no mistake, Daniels is gunning for awards here; the movie has that sheen, that Big Important Feel. But the performances keep it grounded.
"Lee Daniels' The Butler" is big, brave, crude and contradictory, very bad in places and very good in others, and every American should see it.
Full of truth that's ultimately diluted by a lack of focus.
Here, empowered by Danny Strong's smart, encyclopedic screenplay, Daniels tackles both a bigger canvas and cast and manages the challenge with consummate skill.
An earnest, well-intentioned film...obviously a labor of love for all concerned, [but] manipulative, melodramatic and rather simplistic.
The film covers a lot of ground with many players, sometimes risking collapse, but it never lets us forget the quest for wholeness at the heart of the story.
Mostly, the movie is a straightforward soap opera-sentimental, reductive, and, in spite of itself, satisfying.
Feels like a 12-year-old's C- oral presentation on the subject.
The clichés come fast and furious in "Lee Daniels' The Butler," as numerous as the amount of times the viewer is reminded this is Serious Oscar Fare™.
Not just a great history lesson but also a fine character study of a man who witnessed the entire Civil Rights movement through his job as a Butler in the White House. The acting is superb right down the line.
Ambitious, sometimes moving, but choppy and uneven. A film as clunky as its mediated title.
Sometimes it's too didactic or sentimental. But unlike Daniels's previous pictures, Precious and The Paperboy, it doesn't pretend to audacious storytelling.
With a characteristically strong performance from Forest Whitaker and a nicely crafted script from Danny Strong, it serves up a nice slice of historical drama.
Whitaker is so good in this film though that you sometimes forget about its messy gallop through history.
There's a lot of silliness in The Butler, and a lot of self-congratulatory self-seriousness, but put them together, and the whole thing somehow holds together.
Daniels and company may not have made a masterpiece, but they have made a film you should see.
Schmaltzy, even corny - but it also gives a face to issues that continue to haunt us..pulls you into its drama and gives you a new angle on a history you thought you knew.
Audience-pandering History Lite. Whitaker is dazzling, but Daniels' self-congratulatory film spoon-feeds us a civil rights lesson without adding nuance to the conversation.
Lee Daniels' The Butler is the type of film that will likely please viewers who feel that they're doing their civic duty by learning about history and experiencing the trauma of the civil rights movement.
Even with all contrivances and obvious point-making and familiar historical signposting, Daniels' The Butler is always engaging, often entertaining and certainly never dull.
You can object to the thuggish direction and the script that's a series of signposts, but not the central idea, which is genuinely illuminating.
A star-filled, if heavy-handed, labor of love that certainly has its heart in the right place, and scores dramatically often enough to recommend it.
Kudos to Lee Daniels for crafting such a gut-wrenching tour de force which never hits a false note while chronicling critical moments in the African-American fight for equality.
With the film, Lee Daniels quietly pushes his talent for hashing out visceral, violent emotions into unexpected dramatic terrain.
Ambitious and affecting, it's a challenging, haunting, historical epic, hoping to follow the success of the similar, late-summer 2011 release 'The Help.'
No matter how you look at it, there's no question this one delivers a strong punch to the gut.
Screenwriter Danny Strong treats history like the ultimate "then this happened!" checklist.
Add in a few dirty jokes, including one about a woman asking a gent to . . . (well, that one was needed to avoid a PG rating), plus pertinent news clips from each era, and you have The Cosby Show meets Forrest Gump meets Do the Right Thing.
Forces the square legacy of Cecil into the round 'Forrest Gump' hole.
Whitaker digs in deep and gives a marvelous under-the-skin performance; he seems to catch the very essence of a man who has spent his whole life trying not to be seen.
A great film about the American civil rights movement is way overdue. The Butler, overwhelmed by flash and good intentions, doesn't even come close.
It keeps history neat and tidy and serves the audience well. Lee Daniels' Lee Daniels' The Butler buttles.
It's too bad Daniels seemingly felt compelled to fish for tears, because The Butler has no shortage of powerful scenes and memorable performances.
Squeezing a miniseries' worth of drama into a feature-length film, this impassioned story simply doesn't have the time to really delve into the epochal periods it chronicles.
Consistently avoids becoming a noble-minded checklist and instead emerges as a raw, specific portrait of a family.
...a saccharine civil rights lesson -- but that's why it works.
An ambitious, sweeping period drama that manages to be incredibly affecting and feel as if the words ''For Your Consideration'' are stamped across every frame.

@highlight

Gut-wrenching and emotionally affecting, Lee Daniels' The Butler overcomes an uneven narrative thanks to strong performances from an all-star cast.