Unfortunately, for me, the predictability of the narrative and the lackluster performance of Portman brought this film down.
Perhaps if Black Swan were animated, it might not come off so ludicrously.
... the end result is the most daring mental journey that any film has presented in 2010. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Darren Aronofsky's darkly enthralling entertainment makes the perfect antidote to too many sugary holiday Nutcrackers.
The construction of the film is superb. [Full review in Spanish]
Black Swan succeeds, but only as horror. If only the women's characters had been as fully thought through as the camera angles, it might have soared much higher.
The technical proficiency of Black Swan is eye-popping.
By the end, Nina's quest for perfection-and Portman's blazing performance-will leave you breathless.
Audiences won't know who to trust and what is real in this terrifyingly great film that will grab hold of you until the final act.
Though visually beautiful and boasting superb performances from the entire cast, Black Swan, much like the ballet Nina so adores, falters because of its emphasis on melodramatic style over substance.
It's either the awesomest stupid movie or the stupidest awesome movie I've seen all year.
For all his command of adrenalized, propulsive narrative and his dazzling technical facility, Aronofsky's study in female hysteria ultimately favors frenzy over compassion or insight-and remains strictly skin-deep.
Wonderful performances and assured and audacious direction make for one of the best films of the year. Aronofsky is never afraid to take risks with the story and his unflinching direction turns out to be one of the film's greatest assets.
Black Swan offers a perfect balance between Aronofsky's more poetic works and his down-to-earth style of The Wrestler.
Director Darren Aronofsky builds an incredible atmosphere for an over-the-top story that doesn't deserve it.
Mamas, don't let your daughters grow up to be ballerinas. Let 'em be test pilots, tightrope walkers, human cannonballs and such - any career safer than the business of tutus and tiaras.
An Oscar contender with class, and chills.
Though it touches on a number of genres and encapsulates several themes, Black Swan is best viewed as a horror movie - a slow creep into insanity that's touching and terrifying in equal measure.
While it wasn't quite as good as it was being out to be, it remains an interesting film with several things to like about it.
I liked it in the way many folks like B sci-fi flics from the 50s.
In his eagerness, [Aronofsky] goes for violent energy over poetry, shock over suggestion, emotion over intelligence.
Darren Aronofsky's most perfect exploration of his own thematic obsession.
Its fixation on mirrors notwithstanding, the film shows us little we don't already know.
... The kind of film that stays with you, a moving experience on multiple levels.
Dances its way through multiple genres with varying degrees of success
Aronofsky explores the quest for perfection in what is a near-perfect film.
Black Swan aspires to be little more than a showy, twisty thriller with no attempt at plausibility. But I still found it less and less appealing as it lurched toward the end.
Some parts are campy, some parts are creepy, but "Black Swan" lives up to its reputation. And Portman earned her Oscar.
Darren Aronofsky is a national movie treasure at this point. His films aren't really art, they're just sort of arthouse by way of funhouse.
Aronofsky is completely serious about the fever dream that is Black Swan, which is how he's able to pull off material that is inherently unserious.
Sure, it's melodramatic and self-important, but Black swan is still a thing of rare terrifying, heartbreaking, surreal, monstrous and downright orgasmic beauty
full review at Movies for the Masses
Stuck in some netherworld of not-quite-exploitation and maybe-serious.
Un efectivo (y quizás efectista) estudio sobre la psicosis de una bailarina en busca de la perfección. Lo que sobresale es la abrumadora entrega física y emocional de Natalie Portman, tal vez en el rol más exigente de su carrera.
It had such an impact on me that I sat staring zombie-like at the closing credits, unable to move.
Passionate thriller that fuels the age-old battle of good verses evil within with a chilling contemporary twist ... in a world that cruelly wants nothing but short of perfection.
[A] gorgeously horrific nightmare... magnificently brutal and dread-full, sophisticated in its slipperiness and elegant in its play on the 'evil twin' trope. It's absurdly campy and intensely bleak at the same time.
Portman hasn't been this good since her early performances in The Professional and Heat, and is deservedly attracting intense Oscar buzz. Kunis brings to Lily a savvy sexiness, and Cassel is entertainingly smarmy.
Climactic moments may induce nervous sniggering from audiences but such grandiose camp makes for a flamboyant and vivid contemporary classic.
Director Darren Aronofsky does a spectacular job of drawing the audience deep into Nina's neuroses, making the viewer feel every uncomfortable twist of her mental instability.
it's Portman who causes the film to fall short of the effectiveness of Repulsion. ... you kind of wish Nina would just break down and get it over with.
An exercise in the higher kitsch, a slick, pretentious film in which the polished surface is a distorting mirror.
You'll never see Swan Like in quite the same light again.
Aronofsky has hit the mark with this masterful blend of Grand Guignol horror and high art, and Natalie Portman at last gets a chance to show how great an actor she can be.
The Red Shoes meets Repulsion, ballet goes en pointe with horror, in Darren Aronofsky's terrific - at times terrifying - psychological thriller Black Swan.
Who can forget the delicate, beautiful and vulnerable features of Natalie Portman in the role of her life, as her prima ballerina Nina struggles with her dark side as she takes on her dream starring role as the Swan Queen.
Black Swan is wonderfully delirious, lurid filmmaking -- a tour de force.
It is compelling viewing, aided enormously by Portman's extraordinarily subtle and emotionally authentic performance.
Don't get mad, get sexy! If this doesn't get the kids interested in ballet, nothing will.
This is acting of extraordinary power, all the more astonishing from an actress whose performances in the Star Wars movies were ridiculed for their woodenness.
A ballet melodrama in which it isn't just the body that is threatened with disintegration, but the mind too.
While the film is near-perfect, it's a tribute to Portman that she outshines everyone else as the frail, brittle ballerina who is slowly but surely losing it.
This will keep your mind spinning long after the final pirouette - and is far more exciting than you'd expect a movie about a bonkers ballerina might be.
An intense and beguiling psychological thriller with an art-house soul, Natalie Portman's performance a will keep you riveted from start to finish.
Full of sex, drugs, catfights, violence, hallucinations and even some choice girl-on-girl action. What more could you possibly want from a ballet movie?
Black Swan will be remembered for an unforgettable acting display from Natalie Portman.
Fantastically deranged at all times, Darren Aronofsky's ballet psycho-melodrama is a glittering, crackling, outrageously pickable scab of a film.
A compelling, intense and intoxicating experience.
A supremely rewarding film, Black Swan harnesses its complex subject matter through Aronofsky's genius and uniformly excellent portrayals of the damaged characters.
I love this movie to death!
The film is lurid, melodramatic, over-the-top - and currently a hot awards favourite. Aronofsky must have hypnotic powers over jurors and voters.
With repeat viewings, the thematic subtext slips into focus and the performances take on a new significance. It's not vintage Aronofsky, but it's still a tour de force.
The film hurtles towards an exhilarating and disturbing climax that will please fans of Roman Polanski's early work.
With Portman's dance moves as convincing as her descent into derangement and Kunis also hitting a career high as her minxy opposite, here's a trip to the ballet that won't fail to sort the men from the boys.
Black Swan is little more than exploitation cinema but its heavy pop psychology and complete lack of subversiveness make it shallow exploitation rather than transgressive.
Natalie Portman has been lauded for her performance as Nina and with good reason. Just like her character, you can see that she's thrown everything into the role.
While it's no crowd pleaser, this visually stunning thriller glides on Aronofsky's visceral direction and powerhouse performances from the entire cast.
An extraordinary, intoxicating movie. Its hard, twisted edges may turn off some, but there's no faulting either Aronofsky's technical mastery or Portman's flawless performance.
Aronofsky owes a bit of debt to Roman Polanski as he masterfully depicts the slow burn of the human spirit and the endless cycle of good and evil with Black Swan.
A bona fide, trumpet-it-from-the-chimney-pots masterpiece that ALSO happens to be a terrific psychological thriller AND features Meg from Family Guy copping off with Queen Amidala.
Aronofsky brings glorious new meaning to the term 'melodrama' as he refashions the tragic tale of the Swan princess into a sexy, haunting and sublimely over the top cinematic romp.
Aronofsky wants neither ham or cheese on this, just a big stale bagel of clichés. The film seems concerned with giving the appearance of drama rather than actually sweeping us up in it.
The film is beautiful and lyrical at times before switching to the full power of the melodrama, this duality is definitely something to be appreciated.
A horrific, almost literal adaptation of the timeless ballet Swan Lake.
Aronofsky holds his audience's throat with both hands and squeezes, firming his grip with each scene.
Clearly this is the sort of horror movie one could happily "debate" for an hour or two.
You've never seen a movie quite like "Black Swan" before. It's brazen, it's ridiculous, it's magnificent, it's human, it's unique, it's the world at its worst, it's the worst at its best - and this is why it's so weirdly compelling.
Natalie Portman gives a career-best performance in Black Swan, and at times she's the only thing holding Darren Aronofsky's hysterical melodrama together.
After a year of reboots, remakes, prequels, sequels, threequels and The Wolfman, Black Swan has reignited my love for cinema and made me excited for the year ahead.
Most definitely actress Natalie Portman is a strong contender for an Oscar this year, in what may be one of the defining roles of her career. She is absolutely brilliant in the film.
Practice makes perfectly insane in Black Swan, a tale of one ballerina's psychosexual freakout.
I laughed longer and louder than at any other movie this year; but before you try doing the same, be aware that you'll... face the wrath of people who are taking Black Swan seriously.
Since Nina is hallucinating so often, she loses the ability to tell what is real and what is not. The problem is, so does the audience.
commands your attention and gets under your skin
Who knew "Swan Lake" was rife with thrills, chills, and kills?
The most toxic, rapturous, melodramatic, operatic movie about a mentally disintegrating ballerina you'll see all year... And featuring some of the best dance sequences ever.
Freud teria um orgasmo. E com razão.
There is high craft here, especially Portman's spellbinding, unsettling performance, but with it comes Aronosfsky's typically off-putting voyeuristic eccentricities.
The four Golden Globe nominations and three Screen Actors Guild nods are fueling the now-choreographed raves about Black Swan. Did we see the same movie?
(Natalie) Portman gives a magnificent Academy Award-worthy performance. Shy, inhibited, uncertain, she barely raises her voice throughout.
Bizarre, beautiful and bewildering, 'Black Swan' is a study of madness.
Swan a compelling dance of madness.
Also about a demanding public physical activity, Darren Aronofsky's pretentious 'Black Swan' is a giant step down from 'The Wrestler.'
Aronofsky lets us thrill in the in the act of creation without ever letting us forget the terrible sacrifices many artists make to entertain us.
Defaming the world of ballet, this is a bloody horror thriller that takes the viewer on an absorbing phantasmagoric excursion.
Portman, saddled with the near-impossible role of an impenetrable heroine we must care for without ever coming close to understanding, delivers career-high work here...
Interpret the movie however you like -- the one thing you can't ignore is that Black Swan is a thrilling piece of pure cinema.
Another fine film from Aronofsky.
Black Swan isn't the feel good movie of the year. Heck, you may need to pop three Zolofts afterward and go to a happy place. But at least your personal potential rock bottom will plummet several hundred feet afterward.
Easily one of the most emotionally impactful films of the year and is something that will certainly haunt you long after the credits roll in the best possible way.
A beautifully shot but aggressively menacing film that is at turns irresistibly sumptuous and hide-your-eyes-behind-your-hands disturbing.
A messy masterpiece. Like Apocalypse Now, Eraserhead and Aronofsky's Requiem for a Dream, it's one of those films that will force viewers to either reject it outright or allow it to burrow into the brain and remain there for days, weeks, months on end.
Ballet is an art which explores love and death through the symbolism of music and dance. Mix in a ballerina with extreme self esteem issues, and you get a fascinating, edgy film.
I'm in awe of this film... It's an all-encompassing, screen devouring vision of madness and art.
Natalie Portman dazzles. Darren Aronofsky has a way of dousing his stars with cold water, then zooming in for a telling close up.
At times, Black Swan verges on laughably old school. Still, what a brazen, bold riff on the cost - physical, emotional - of art.
Natalie Portman dances on the edge, in the dark.
Natalie Portman may not be exactly a spring chicken, but the beautiful performer is throttled, plucked and skewered in this elegant and grotesque tour de force of shocking, passionate and absurd psychodrama...
Simultaneously one of the most emotionally devastating experiences I have had in a theatre yet I could not look away. Aronofsky's best since Requie For a Dream.
I admire it for lots of reasons, mostly for its courage, but I found it dangerously close to risible cliche.
... Portman is Oscar bait for sure ...
the most Keatsian work in Darren Aronofsky's growing portfolio of Romanticist explorations.
Like all his films, it's lurid, visually stimulating, thoughtful, absurd in spots, well-cast and unrelentingly intense.
A mind-twisting meld of the grand and the goofy, Black Swan is a long way from great... despite a great-ish performance by Natalie Portman.
Rarely outside of the films of David Cronenberg have madness and its hallucinations been so viscerally, literally and broadly portrayed.
Works best as a bit of tongue-in-cheek high camp.
The psychosexual drama about a driven ballet dancer could have easily been silly and overwrought, but Aronofsky manages to turn those traits to his advantage.
As much a waking nightmare as it is a ripe showbiz melodrama and a bold sexual awakening for its protagonist.
Black Swan is a stage door melodrama putting new spins on cliches as old as All About Eve (and maybe Adam).
Suspenseful and tantalzing, it's a dazzling, harrowing tale.
Entertaining, enthralling, over-the-top, terrifically tense, sometimes funny, and just plain good.
If Roman Polanski had made The Red Shoes, the results might have been something like Darren Aronofsky's Black Swan.
"Black Swan" is a highly enjoyable film, but be prepared to have nightmares after you see it.
Aronofsky directs his films like grunge anthems: moments of hushed moody lyricism that give way to bombastic visuals, in-your-face emotions, and soundtracks that get cranked all the way up to 11.
Beauty, grace and the insane (in a good way) mind of Darren Aronofsky make 'Black Swan' a hypnotically addictive film.
Black Swan is a true suspense experience, and it's a welcome one.
In a way I thought maybe there's too much cleverness that's gone into trying to twist the plot without creating a sufficiently tense drama. I'm nitpicking.
It's a sumptuously made melodrama.
This is probably the purest horror film you will see this year.
Bolstered by an extraordinary Natalie Portman performance, a work brimming with bottled-up rage and painfully submerged lust,
Where Black Swan most succeeds is in Aronofsky's high-flying style, his approach to the story as a fever dream blurring the fine line between a performer playing a role and a psychotic succumbing to delusion.
"It's a monumentally obvious and dopey movie," was my first reaction. And then I watched it 2 months later and had a totally different reaction. This review is really two opposing viewpoints from the same person... And a brief on Jackass 3D.
Natalie Portman fulfills the promise she hinted at in her pre-teen roles with Black Swan - even if the film itself is emotionally inert.
Black Swan is a film about striving for perfection and the toll that can take on an artist.
There's a delirium that runs through Black Swan, a sense of stress and anguish and mad momentum, that's both exhilarating and terrifying.
A sumptuously unnerving, singular experience.
Taken in the too-much-is-never-enough vein, "Black Swan" is a fantastic experience...
The movie is thrilling, and Natalie Portman as Nina is a revelation.
It's a truly thoroughgoing triumph.
Further establishes Darren Aronofsky as one of the true visionaries of contemporary American cinema.
'Black Swan' isn't an easy sit, but it's one of the best offerings of 2010. (Parental Review also Available)
The film picks at our deepest anxieties -- injury, disfigurement, loss of a coveted job, loss of identity, loss of sanity. In most fright films, danger lurks in the shadows. Here it's grinning from a mirror.
A ballet movie so majestically lurid it almost creates its own genre; a backstage melodrama set in a dark hall of mirrors.
[A] marathon of masochism...
Strikes me as the culmination of his [Aronofsky's] career so far.
This mush-brained psychological thriller is Ingmar Bergman's Persona as interpreted via Fight Club, pressed through the sieve of a high school drama class festering with personality conflicts.
Darren Aronofsky is as dark and quirky as ever, while Natalie Portman shines under his direction.
It is a movie I cannot wait to see again and the longer I ruminate on it the more positive I am this is some sort of psycho-sexual new age ballerina masterpiece close to being on par with The Red Shoes itself.
Ballet can be Hell, and Aronofsky Never Lets You Forget It.
Director Darren Aronofsky again brings a beautiful pure ballerina to a dark demising devil, all without missing a beat.
Silly, loopy fun
Robert Altman's paean to this behind-the-scenes process was affectionately dubbed The Company. Aronofsky's may as well be titled Army of One.
An intriguing mindbender certainly deserving of all the attention it is apt to earn over the course of awards season, with Natalie Portman certainly a shoo-in for an Oscar Award nomination.
An audacious, terrifying and compulsive watchable piece of pure cinema
The Black Swan is balletic and bombastic. It soars and bumbles, pirouettes and postures. It fights a featherweight war with heavyweight pretensions.
...beguiling and seductive...
Aronofsky doesnt waste any time dialing up the hysteria.
Retarded ballerina horror.
You may have never attempted to dance a pirouette in your life, but Aronofsky's gift for a heightened sense of physical and emotional terror as Portman goes postal will grab you by the throat and keep you on your toes so to speak, every step of the way.
Showgirls meets Fight Club on crazy pills.
"Black Swan" may prove to be too arty and dance-y for horror fans. It's equally likely to prove too horror-y for some art house moviegoers. It shouldn't work. But it does.
A grubby melodrama... But I, for one, generally prefer Aronofsky in his grubby phase.
This is Portman's film all the way. She exhibits an intensity and a tightly-wound energy that turns Nina into a ticking bomb.
Only the very best directors can incite such passion, and only films this amazing can fully justify it.
An engaging dark fairy-tale version of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake.
Portman toils slavishly to realize Aronofsky's mad vision. It isn't her fault that, despite Black Swan's visual splendor and bursts of grand guignol excess, this emotionally inert movie never does grow wings.
The tension, the music, the live-wire anxiety of the performance that concludes the film, are all aimed directly at awakening, prodding, and tightly winding up our own deep-seated fears and neuroses.
Portman gives a meticulously controlled performance that culminates in the most haunting and grandiose cinematic coup de grace of the year.
For those harbouring any sissified notions, ballet is indeed a sport -- and as depicted by Darren Aronofsky in the powerful, over-the-top psychological thriller Black Swan, a blood sport at that.
Darren Aronofsky has made one of those rare movies that gets right in your face and demands a response: Love me, hate me, just don't mess with Mister In-Between.
More horror than ballet film, in every sense of the word.
The film's feverish pull comes from confining us right there with [Nina] -- in body and spirit -- every step of the way.
Initially BLACK SWAN appears to be a psychological horror film about a ballerina who goes insane. But it's really about a filmmaker who goes insane-in good ways and bad.
Black and white, good and evil, ambition and obsession, delusion and reality are all blended together in this crazy, weird, compelling film, and it's masterful, inventive storytelling, whether you like the end result or not.
It's the kind of nightmare melodrama that rouses the best from director Darren Aronofsky, of a piece with his dark spirals Requiem for a Dream and The Wrestler.
Surreal and wonderfully twisted.
Black Swan is vivid and engrossing, teetering between trash and art, a sleek exploitation borrowing from (among others) Fight Club and The Fly, Mulholland Drive and Persona.
Being different isn't the same thing as being good.
Spellbinding and unforgettable, Black Swan is a Surrealist masterpiece. A fairy tale nightmare of equal parts Brothers Grimm and David Lynch that could easily be described as Kafka for girls
Magnificent, macabre thriller too intense for young teens.
Where this daring, exciting, confident film really succeeds is in its fearless excursion into the soul of an artist.
Visceral and real even while it's one delirious, phantasmagoric freakout.
Natalie Portman's take on searing sensuality fused with desperate depression cries out for attention.
Creepy & Tedious
A world of talent on display here, but there are as many false "gotcha" moments as you'd find in a run-of-the-mill horror film. This is glossy camp.
Nobody quite goes nuts like une petite jeune fille.
In case you are thinking you're going to see a pretty film about a lovely, popular ballet, this is not that film. On the other hand, if you're interested in a horror film about a lovely, popular ballet, then this is the ticket.
The Oscar nomination that somehow eluded Natalie Portman last year for her work in "Brothers" should be a reality this time around.
That steamy sex scene is not the only reason to get hot and bothered about Black Swan.
A stylish, inventive thriller that cements Aronofsky's place as one of our great modern filmmakers. Natalie Portman delivers a staggeringly accomplished performance.
It's an ambitious shocker, and it's hard to imagine anyone other than Aronofsky (almost) pulling it off.
Natalie Portman's performance doesn't really seem like the work of an exquisite actress, but rather the hard-won efforts of a dedicated performer.
Black Swan is the stillborn offspring of The Red Shoes and Hieronymus Bosch-both magnificent and magnificently disturbing. Art, obsession and mental fragility coalesce into something dark, gnarled and hallucinatory.
For every moment of exquisite grace, Aronofsky compensates with a shot of bruised toes mercilessly cracking, or someone taking a pair of scissors to the sole of a pink toe shoe.
A delirious fever-dream of a psychosexual thriller starring Natalie Portman as a ballerina descending into madness in far and away the best performance of the year.
A psychological thriller painted with bold colors on a dark canvas ... At its center is Natalie Portman giving the best performance I've seen from her.
A haunting portrait of the unraveling mind of an artist.
Black Swan, Darren Aronofsky's latest film, may be his best yet and is easily the proof (if anyone still needed it) that he is a great director.
Aranofsky draws us into Nina's struggles with reality until, like her, we are never sure whether we can trust our eyes.
Get ready to swoon over "Black Swan." Part "The Red Shoes," part "Mulholland Dr.," the film is entirely and deliriously unhinged ... with tutus.
Effectively weaves a creepy atmosphere, first subtly and then with violent force.
It's a full on mental meltdown depicted with terrifying subjectivity, comparable to Roman Polanski's Repulsion.
Synthesizing Aronofsky's previous work and foregrounding a breakthrough star performance from Natalie Portman as its tormented protagonist, this is a marvelous construction that's in line for multiple Oscar nominations...
For all its ham-fistedness, it captures something about the tyranny of the ballet world and, by extension, the neurotic imprisonment of female body image.
The film looks great, the acting is top-notch, and when Aronofsky is channeling his inner Polanski, it's impossible to look away, but Black Swan is almost too outlandish at times.
With creative expression rarely seen in American film and one of the best performances by an actress that you will ever see, Black Swan is a film that resonates for hours and even days after you see it.
One of the gutsiest movies I've ever seen. How often do you sense a film is not just walking the high wire but jumping up and down on it?
This is Portman's bid for Best Actress at the next Oscars, and it thrills to watch her go for it.
A psychosexual thriller that lures its viewers into a woozy nightmare.
It's high-art trash, a kind of "When Tutu Goes Psycho" that so prizes hysteria over sanity that it's worth your life to tell when its characters are hallucinating and when they're not.
It doesn't transcend so much as it descends, rapidly, into madness. But it thrills every toe-shoed step of the way.
This isn't terribly deep -- most of the thrill is gone by a second viewing -- and you can often feel Aronofsky's exertion. But the movie looms in the memory.
Portman's portrait of an artist under siege is unmissable and unforgettable. So is the movie. You won't know what hit you.
a more gonzo experience [than "The Wrestler"] with roots in classics like "The Red Shoes" and "All About Eve" tripped out by way of "Suspiria" and "The Devil's Advocate."
...an art-house horror film - 10% The Red Shoes, 20% Pi, and 70% Polanski's Repulsion.
Visually stunning and brutal, Black Swan gives us the great cinematic monster that we never saw coming: Natalie Portman in a pink tutu. Just remember to breathe.
The director's earlier works are difficult to watch (let alone revisit) for the powerful emotional toll they exact on the viewer, but Black Swan earns the same fate for a far less satisfying reason: it's just not worth it.
Black Swan is a florid, often lurid, completely enthralling film held in place by a disarming Portman, who rarely leaves the frame.
The black/white duality isn't terribly interesting, but as in most of Aronofsky's films, an intense horror of the body and its uncontrollability fuels the rhapsodic psychodrama.
In Black Swan all is not as it appears -- in fact, everything is hokier, more obvious, more hilarious than it's intended to be. There's hardly a dull moment here.
The film is strange and beautiful to look at, but it also treads the melodramatic edge of a horrific surrealism.
The film still offers up simple thrills, but it falls well short of the greatness to which it aspires.
If this is a home run, then 'Mommie Dearest' shouldn't have damaged Faye Dunaway's career. Maybe over-the-top is the new sign of Oscar-worthiness. 'Black Swan' is an overly stylized but a well-acted version of 'Showgirls' meets 'Nightmare On Elm Street.'
Really nothing more than a high-toned horror film, but an exceptionally effective one that may not equal Cronenberg, but has a great deal that's Cronenbergian in it.
Guiding it all, Natalie Portman's performance as the dying swan is formidable in its nerve-racking expressivity. It is, in fact, a racked nerve, personified.
Black Swan makes the contortions of Shutter Island and Inception seem facile by comparison.
Rummages around the pockets of Polanski for inspiration, turning a sparse screenplay into an orgy of injury and psychosis...achieves an immortal posture of wildly interpretive delirium that burns splendidly.
Darren Aronofsky continues his obsession with, well, obsession with this story of a New York ballerina who gets the dance of a lifetime.
Darren Aronofsky's "Black Swan" is a full-bore melodrama, told with passionate intensity, gloriously and darkly absurd.
A dangerously sexy, chillingly gorgeous thriller about the sacrifices born of obsession. A full-body performance from Portman.
Whatever missteps the films makes along the way are almost completely made up for by its terrific third act.
Black Swan will leave you feeling stunned as you leave the theater. And humming Tchaikovsky.
It's a turning point for Natalie Portman, whose career-defining performance absolutely deserves an Academy Award for Best Actress.
You can't take it too seriously, but you can't tear your eyes away from it, either.
Black Swan might remind you of many other movies, from All About Eve to David Cronenberg's The Fly. But it's also like nothing you've ever seen before.
...bold, daring, challenging - and as campy as Mommie Dearest.
...what makes Black Swan really special is the immediate way that it works on you if you give yourself over to it. It's a true cinematic experience...
A psychological horror movie of the highest quality, Black Swan features a stunning, career best turn by Natalie Portman.
Aronofsky thrills you with the tension he creates. But when it comes to the big reveals, you're either giggling at what he shows you or already way ahead of him.
An absurd Freudian nightmare that is more wet dream than bad dream, with all the subtlety of a chain saw.
[Aronofsky] demonstrates a ... brilliance that few modern American filmmakers can match.
Aronofsky's ethnic denial and escape into Nina's psychological trauma actually trivializes her artistic pursuit. Turning art into genre movie silliness is a careerist's dance.
A stellar performance, both for its physicality and its subtlety. It's the best of Natalie Portman's career.
Black Swan is something like a 100-minute swoon. The camera lurches, leaps, and pirouettes; in some scenes, it feels as if it's being tossed around the stage along with Portman. Kitsch this bombastic becomes something primal.
I doubt there's a woman alive who won't, at least in some small way, relate to this movie.
The movie has the Romantics' fascination with death without their spiritual eloquence, which turns morbidity into art.
BLACK SWAN is a gorgeous story about control. Holding on to it. Letting it go. It's about the fear of what happens when you unlock one part of yourself. What else flies out the door you've opened just a crack?
An intense study akin to the equally exhausting The Wrestler that seems determined to catch Nina (Portman, in a stunning performance) break character - or worse.
As beautiful as the dancing is, we also get an unnerving and painful look at the hell one goes through for their art.
Shackled by sports-movie clichés, a reductive view of how creativity works, and, most importantly, Natalie Portman's limitations as an actress.
A mesmerizing film about the self-destructive and dark dimensions of perfectionism and unbridled ambition.
This is, no doubt about it, a tour de force, a work that fully lives up to its director's ambitions.
Aronofsky has established a distinct, powerful voice so strong and probing that every time he releases a new film, it should be regarded as the cinematic holiday of Aronofskoliday.
As masterfully-crafted as Black Swan is, it's still very much Natalie Portman's performance as a ballerina pushed to the very edges of sanity that makes the film absolutely unforgettable.
Portman's estimable abilities as a ballet dancer give the film a foundation of disciplined substance that Aronofsky liberally attacks with brushstrokes of subliminal menace.
A consistently gripping bit of operatic lunacy.
Aronofsky makes trashy what David Lynch made poignant in Mulholland Drive, though to be fair, Aronofsky isn't going for poignancy here: All he wants is draaaama.
A true work of art in the Aronofsky tradition...
Think of Black Swan as a macabre ballet chiller along the lines of Powell's legendary dark fantasy The Red Shoes combined with a dash Argento's spooky Suspiria... and then step it up.
This may not be Aronofsky's most accomplished or original film, but it is a visceral and visionary take on an exciting and under-explored genre.
You don't know what you're going to see next, you don't know what's real and just getting to the end is exhausting. The film leaves you drained, which is a wonderful experience to have at the movies.
Horror, ballet, melodrama, Aronofsky, Natalie Portman...who can ask for more?
Imperfect but still pretty terrific...(Natalie) Portman gives an amazing performance.
Darrenofsky has never been known for his subtlety, but now it seems like he's metamorphosed into some kind of arthouse Tony Scott...
Not only is it unlike any film we've ever seen, but it leaves us shaken by its boldly evocative themes.
Stylishly directed, powerfully intense psychological thriller, with a superb script, stunning dance sequences and a fantastic central performance from Natalie Portman.
Wild and woolly, the movie is a breathtaking head trip that hails from a long tradition of backstage melodramas: 42nd Street, A Star Is Born, All About Eve, and, yes, that kitschy '90s relic, Showgirls.
Why tell this story in such elaborate terms? And why coax Nina just barely out from beneath her mother's thumb, only to pinion her just as harshly underneath Aronofsky's?
A typically divisive effort from Darren Aronofsky...
Audaciously whacked-out and never less than entertaining.
As a character study set in yet another ruthlessly competitive professional world, this female-driven ballet tale is more intriguing and unsettling than The Wrestler, boasting Natalie Portman in an Oscar-caliber, most dramatically compelling part to date.
It's as if Aronofsky has a direct pipeline into my nightmares.
Closer to The Piano Teacher than The Red Shoes, it's a half-exhilarating, half-forehead-smacking fairy tale about cruel aesthetes and the disintegrating/exultant pull of darkness.
The craftsmanship is impressive, the music is powerful and the movie is never uninteresting.
Audaciously weird and scary and go-nuts psychotic, Black Swan is, by any measure, a tour de force.
This all-stops-out Grand Guignol melodrama exhibits more than enough blood, sweat and tears (emphasis on the blood) to score nicely beyond the ballet crowd.
Aronofsky is a master, and "Black Swan" is an amazing meal, rich and worth another visit as soon as possible.
Gee, it's a real woman's movie, and not one of those strenuous heart-warmers about female companionship and compromise.
A wholly engrossing, almost unbearably tense drama.
Bravura moviemaking: a wildly ambitious psychodrama about a ballerina consumed with angst and jealousy as she prepares for her biggest role.
Powerful, gripping and always intriguing...
Rarely has dance been used in film with such narrative thrust and verve, and rarely have the strains of dramatic performance been so intriguingly unpicked.
With Natalie Portman, in the demanding leading role, equaling her director in unquestioned commitment, the central issue for the viewer is how far one is willing to follow the film down the road to oblivion for art's sake.
Trying to coax a horror-thriller out of the world of ballet doesn't begin to work for Darren Aronofsky.
A wicked, sexy and ultimately devastating study of a young dancer's all-consuming ambition.



@highlight

Bracingly intense, passionate, and wildly melodramatic, Black Swan glides on Darren Aronofsky's bold direction -- and a bravura performance from Natalie Portman.