A romance-free, comedy-free romantic comedy.
I just have managed to develop a hatred for all things involving Murphy, and this almost made me develop a hatred for Carly Simon.
Um filme pouco apreciado que, acredito, ganhará popularidade com o passar do tempo, já que é infinitamente mais inteligente e ambicioso do que sugere sua superfície.
It's virtually impossible to root for a protagonist so shamelessly duplicitous.
With digital do-it-yourself precision prying now, it may be not be how far you can go, but how much do you really want to know?
We are drilled again and again in how much we should hate all of these characters.
Sloppy, unpleasant...one book best left on the shelf.
The film is very funny and has many twists and turns as Stacy interacts with 3 ex-girlfriends.
The cinematic equivalent of chic lit -- mildly amusing, but completely forgettable once you're done with it.
Focus on the excellent performances by Holly Hunter and Julianne Nicholson, the primary reasons this mean-spirited comedy can be tolerated at all.
[O]ne of the worst romantic comedies of this or probably any other year.
Promoted and apparently conceived as a romantic comedy, the film is neither very comedic, nor even slightly romantic.
A romantic comedy without much romance and even less comedy.
It's no fun to side with Murphy's mean-spirited paranoiac, so we're soon rooting for the gynecologist to uncover a venereal disease, or for the chef to whip up some salmonella, or even for that Palm cradle to fall into the bathtub.
Little Black Book has more in common with Sweet Smell of Success than When Harry Met Sally.
The first and last quarters show real ambition. It's the middle hour that's a drag.
[T]he film itself isn't really a romantic comedy because there's no romance in it. Rather it's the antithesis of a romantic comedy.
A silly but fun chick flick with a great ending.
The comedy veering into drama isn't smooth but with Murphy as the focus it works
Setting out to make observations about relationships and America's obsession with rooting through the private lives of others, it ends up settling for a few cheap laughs.
Both psychologically revealing and richly comic.
The director's best efforts to try to balance heart with farce and nice-girl folly with mean-girl meddling do not create any sort of believable whole.
I liked "Little Black Book" for its simple and sweet good nature.
A perfectly innoucuous little comedy-satire.
A Shakespeare quote ('Hell is empty. All the devils are here.') flashes on the screen at the beginning of this film. Nah, hell is the theater where I wasted my time watching this film.
the ending is both expected and unexpected.
A year or two from now, when Little Black Book plays on the Lifetime cable channel - this is merely a prediction - it will finally find its audience.
It's not well scripted enough or well acted enough to do much of anything, save make anyone watching really hate Brittany Murphy for being so annoying and so incredibly unlikely as a cute twenty-something Diane Sawyer wannabe.
If you think it's worth it to sit there for 97 minutes for three or possibly four laughs, then you are beyond help.
This mixture of sleazy daytime talk shows and lighthearted romantic comedy makes for a muddled mess with few bright spots.
If it's hard to like the message and the characters in this movie, it's even harder to like the acting, though the casting is strong.
A dud, mostly serving to remind us of the other, better movies that it wants to be when it grows up.
An awkward and aggressively unfunny film.
It's a self-satisfied, self-loathing mess that demands you adore and cheer for the very person you come to hate well before its 105 minutes are up.
The sort of comedy where the chick flick goes to die, while grinning.
Treat this sucker like the actors should have done when they read the script: Kick it to the curb.
Warning: Hijinks really don't ensue.
One of those annoyingly coy romantic comedies in which people try to improve their relationships by deceiving and investigating each other.
Given the fact that it's August, you could do worse than hide out from the heat with the cute-as-a-bug Murphy, who manages to be funny and entertaining despite the material.
All Little Black Book offers is a pileup of sitcom scenarios overlaid with annoyingly glib narration, à la Sex and the City.
The jaw-droppingly nasty second act is intriguing, but it veers into territory so dark that it sucks the air out of the bouncy chick flick that surrounds it, making for one confused -- and confusing -- comedy.
A screechy chick-flick relationship comedy with a lot of things working for and against it -- mostly against it.
There's a term called 'idiot plot' that's used to describe stories whose development hinges on the stupidity of their characters.
If we had to guess -- based on scenes where Murphy has to mug and roll her eyes and hop up and down or smack an answering machine with a hockey stick -- we'd say there was no script.
Starts as the playful romantic comedy, then veers into an ensemble piece about ruthless careerism before settling for melodramatic self-obsession.
It's galling to think that the filmmakers actually believe anyone will find such a duplicitous character interesting. And as played by Murphy, Stacy is full of supposedly comic character quirks, but little else.
Shrill and prone to annoying overstatement, Murphy poses the first of many problems with Little Black Book, a lame attempt to meld comedy, romance and satire.
Raises the question: When does a movie go from being an homage to being a parasite?
We assume this is going to be a routine career-girl comedy, and we're surprised when it moves deeper into its subject until finally it's a satirical comedy about television that invades some of the same territory as Network or Broadcast News
One must endure all that depressing down time for one happy lift in the end.
It's written more cleverly than you might expect, with occasionally funny one-liners ... and the good sense not to take itself too seriously most of the time.
Filled with poor excuses for human beings, who are supposed to be funny in their utter disregard for their fellow man. But they mostly come off as sadistic and cruel, which isn't a great recipe for knee-slapping comedy.
If she keeps this up, the number listed for Brittany Murphy in your PDA will soon need to be changed from Moviefone to a neighborhood video store.
...fairly sordid and depressing...
Big-screen advertisement for Palm Pilots and romantic paranoia.
As a media satire, Little Black Book is quite funny. Unfortunately, it's a romantic comedy, and in that area, it doesn't measure up.
All we get are a bunch of bad jokes and insight into everything people shouldn't do when starting a relationship.
The movie's tone veers wildly from scene to scene before taking an unexpected turn in the final scenes.
Characters have hidden motivations unexplained until the end, and deep reservoirs of urgent emotion pump beneath each well-drawn scene.
It's constantly shifting tone...That's not always a bad thing, but here it has the feel of the elephant with a room full of blind screenwriters - nobody sees the big picture.
This otherwise limp Book injects a neat wrinkle into the chick film formula
A shallow, futile, banal romantic comedy that even a fluffy, feel-good ending cannot retrieve.
An unexpectedly enjoyable romantic comedy, Little Black Book steers clear of conventional contrivances and sugary idealism--without being down with love.
I hesitate to call it a 'good' movie, because much of it is useless. But overall, it feels just quirky and interesting enough to recommend it, albeit lukewarmly.
A big, funny finale can't redeem the rest of this slight, silly and hollow romantic comedy.
Murphy, who dazzled opposite Eminem in 8 Mile, seemed close to budding-starlet burnout after the dismal comedy Just Married. She bounces back in this one.
... perversely fascinating, if ultimately disappointing.
Instead of actually channelling Meg Ryan, Murphy's overt attempts at cuteness make her seem vaguely inebriated.
Textbook chick flick.
Little Black Book is a dismal comedy about one betrayal after another.
What are Oscar winners like Hunter and Bates doing in a Brittany Murphy movie? That's like hiring Barbra Streisand and Beyonce Knowles to sing back-up for Ashlee Simpson.
Surprisingly sharp, if convoluted, romantic comedy.
An unfortunate confluence of herky-jerky script, pointless scenes, weak slapstick and too many forays into the Land of the Moronic ... prevents the film from transcending its genre.
It has solid performances, genuine wit and a few surprises that more than make up for occasional lapses in plot and taste.
Gets stronger as it goes, acknowledging that nice people don't always behave nicely and that screwing things up can be the best way to learn what you need to learn.
Much of Little Black Book seems like wasted opportunity and muddled execution.
Set in the exploitive world of Jerry Springer-style confessional shows, Little Black Book suggests this unpleasant theme: 'Movies That Aren't Worth Your Eight Bucks, Let Alone Talking About!'
It's unfortunate that Little Black Book doesn't add up to more, because the movie's darker, more comic instincts might have flown with a stronger premise and better characters.
Part of the movie's problem is that it can't decide whether to be a romantic comedy or a satire of television. Unlike the most obvious example, 1987's Broadcast News, this movie's not smart enough to be both.
Offering few laughs and a climactic scene of breathtaking cruelty, this sour comedy draws you against your will into its malignant force field.
A spicy critique of tabloid TV is buried in romantic-comedy material that strains too hard for cuteness. Ditto for Murphy's acting.
so poorly pieced together that it would take another 90 minutes of footage to make sense of it all
If you must feel superior to the bad behavior of others, stick to Jerry Springer. As Carly has sung, nobody does it better.
Romance-free, comedy-free, charm-free, and apparently carb-free as well, with leading ladies Murphy and Hunter looking toned but stringy and underfed.
Built on a premise that is as predictable as it is thin.
Saddled with a vapid heroine, British director Nick Hurran sidesteps romance in favor of the zany, fast-talking world of daytime talk TV, culminating in an unconvincing, remarkably unpleasant finale.
And then, the gimmick: Stacy stumbles on Derek's Palm while he's out on the road, and don't you know, she can't help but peek.
The 'comedy' is too offensive in tone, too mean-spirited to be worthy of investing a few hours watching.
An eccentric, boldly black romantic comedy.
It practically throws out its back with wackiness, but underneath, it nurses a misbegotten morality play.
It's hard to find anything to like in Little Black Book, especially Murphy, who is the most revolting lead actress in Hollywood.
Murphy is cute and quirky, but the movie is not.
It's not a major departure from the sugary genre norm, but Little Black Book definitely doesn't go where romantic comedy convention says it should.
The predictable, big confrontation scene goes on for what feels like an eternity.
[A] distasteful, obnoxious, voyeuristic cesspool of human pettiness and cruelty that... thinks it's a Deep and Meaningful exploration of the contemporary battle of the sexes.
Little Black Book is a pointless sermon about the disastrous consequences of acting like a complete and utter moron.
This movie is definitely one you should scratch from your own little list.
it is with great relief that I report what started out as a forgettable bit of fluff gradually turned into something a bit more substantial. A bit.
The problem is that director Nick Hurran and writers Melissa Carter and Elisa Bell see this as more of a sit-com. And, in a vain attempt to get laughs, they de-humanize their characters.
It's not just that this schizophrenic relationship pic-cum-showbiz satire lacks so much as a single fresh idea; it lacks an entertaining way of presenting its stale ideas, too.
The comedy is mostly aimed at teenage females, but boyfriends, older sisters and even parents may find things at which to smile or even laugh.
If there is a reason to see it, it's the effortlessly enchanting Murphy, but that isn't quite reason enough. This is one Book that should have remained closed.









@highlight

An obnoxious, awkward mix of romantic comedy and reality show satire.