Enchanting affection is woven into every visually lush scene.
Disney's effort to turn their animated wonders into live action slogs continues apace with Beauty and the Beast, an ugly mess of cartoonish CGI.
There's a lot of brave Hermione Granger in the new Belle. [Full review in Spanish]
Bill Condon keeps thing visually interesting enough that you'll still be engaged even while suppressing your urge to sing along with every word.
A lot of this movie feels like more, but not necessarily better. It just feels like extra.
As a whole, the production doesn't hold a candelabrum to Kenneth Branagh's lovely 2015 version of Cinderella, to say nothing of the 1991 Beauty original.
Nearly every detail is lifted verbatim from the earlier picture, minus the finesse or joy. This is not a movie at all, it's an overzealous dress rehearsal.
It's a very excellent, faithful adaptation, with a couple of differences in a live-action version.
While there are a number of things to recommend within this live-action retelling of 'a tale as old as time' ... the movie, as a whole, feels strangely inert.
This is the best live action remake of a Disney movie, if not one of the best remakes of anything ever.
Our family watched Beauty and the Beast separately . . . but we all had the same reaction: We loved it. Disney excels in creating movie worlds, and to create this one they decided against straight live-action and incorporated 1700 visual effects.
This might be a "tale as old as time" but it is the new technology that makes this better than the original
... extremely entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
Aforementioned imperfections notwithstanding, Condon and his team have breathed new life into a "tale as old as time."
In time, Belle sees past the Beast's dreadful visage - a puzzling CGI-generated furry blankness that suggests bad taxidermy more than fearsome ugliness - and her love solves everything.
Unfortunately, the more "real" the movie tries to make everything appear, the harder it becomes to ignore that the necessity to their falling in love isn't particularly romantic
Small shortcomings aside, Beauty and the Beast is a splendid remake. Even today, its themes regarding finding love and beauty from within a person and not for social status and appearances resonate
From the "poor provincial town" to the dazzling ballroom, the movie is a larger-than-life feast for the eyes. Emma Watson's Belle is smart, progressive and"not a princess."
The retelling stays true to the animated classic...
Its misguided attempts to secure Best Original Song nominations bloat like a puffer fish, turning a swift 90-minute movie into a cumbersome two-hour snoozefest.
Director Bill Condon's remake improves on the original in some ways while retaining the silver screen magic, spectacle and nostalgic kick necessary for fans to fall in love all over again.
What essentially works for 'Beauty and the Beast' is its relevance.
Beauty & The Beast is every bit as good and joyous as its original inspiration. A must watch for sure.
Kline is sweetly spot-on as Belle's father, Evans is a hoot as Gaston, and Josh Gad steals almost every scene he's in as his sidekick, LeFou, a man wrestling -- very quietly and unbeknownst even to himself -- with his own sexuality.
It's all ups and downs and I can't emphasize enough that the Beast is a horrifying pile of animated taxidermy.
This is old-school Hollywood lavish.
... the story still possesses the power to charm and teach on a subtle level.
Sure, there's part of me that wanted Belle to run off with all the books and leave her heart-broken beastly kidnapper to wallow for an eternity, but even I got caught up in the Disney magic of it all and accepted its inevitable happy ending.
Manages to exactly replicate 90% of what's in the 1991 animated film while also managing to make all of it at least slightly terrible.
This [Beauty and the] Beast is darker in tone and brighter in wit, if not nearly as romantically transporting as the Oscar-winning original.
This remake has been done with love and attention to detail.
The cinematography, aided by drones, shines forth from on high whether over dances or the land. The fairy-dusted costumes are fabulous. But, most of all, the moral holds true that love transcends looks.
By acknowledging the stranger aspects of the original, Bill Condon's live-action adaptation is an appropriately uncomfortable delight.
I wouldn't say that Condon and company achieve perfection, but they've provided a lively, entertaining version of Disney's animated entry from the 1990s
The one unforgivable flaw of resurrecting Beauty and the Beast in 2017 is that we've already had another movie handle the monster love story better. It's called Shrek.
The live-action remake of the 1991 Disney classic hits all the right nostalgic notes - if only it dared to take a few more risks.
It is a live-action remake that is so faithful to the original film that one cannot help but question why it exists at all.
The new Beauty and the Beast is, in a word, magical. It's innovative and whimsical, and also close enough to the 1991 release that fans will not be disappointed.
This new version of Beauty and the Beast is fun, exciting to watch, and beautiful to look at, every bit as enjoyable as its animated predecessor. But it's also still every bit as problematic, even with new-and-improved trappings.
While [Disney's] Oscar winning animated version reigns supreme, Bill Condon manages to deliver his own interpretation that tweaks the tale here and there for new audiences with a great effect.
It's just a straightforward retelling of the original, with a few cosmetic changes tacked on to make it look like something else.
Beauty and the Beast is a charming movie that uses the talents of its lead actors to successfully recreate and redesign one of its classic stories.
Disney has developed a winning formula by hiring talented directors that can take their beloved classics and turn them into live action masterpieces.
The effect is sometimes that of a live-action karaoke of its cartoon source...
Bill Condon's live-action remake of Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise's Beauty and the Beast (1991), the high point of Disney's animation renaissance, is as bloated, awkward, and aggressive as the cartoon feature is fleet and graceful.
The film doesn't need to be given a dark twist like 2012's Snow White and the Huntsman; as with every fairytale, there's enough darkness in this story to begin with.
The only believable reason this classic was remade was for love of money, but it does look fantastic doing it... the original animated film is still your best bet.
I loved Beauty and the Beast, had a smile on my face the entire time. Don't miss it.
This live-action 'Beauty and the Beast' is a special gift to movie musical fans. As old as time this tale may be. Now 'Evermore' will stay with me.
If Disney keeps cannibalizing itself, reenacting their animated hits like they're nothing more than karaoke videos, the Mouse House will eventually become its own cursed forgotten kingdom.
Overall, Beauty and the Beast is exactly what you want from a classic Disney film.
Disney takes a step back, delivering a rehash close to being a robbery. An unjustifiable remake. [Full review in Spanish]
A film designed to appeal to an audience blinded by affection and nostalgia towards the original work, that results in a rewarding spectacle. [Full review in Spanish]
Beautiful.
The warmth and elasticity of the original's traditional animation is still unmatched by the digital wizardry on show here, but there's no arguing with the scale and swirl of the film's famous, marvellously mounted musical numbers.
virtually everything that is enjoyable about it, particularly the show-stopper musical numbers like "Belle" and "Be Our Guest," derive their pleasures directly from the animated version
An adaptation that is charming at times but that doesn't manage to capture the same magic of the animated version. [Full review in Spanish]
I enjoyed the remake but it definitely has its flaws, and nothing beats the original movie. Additionally, the remake worked for me because I grew up with the original and it was hitting the nostalgia feels HARD.
The teapot emoji still sings as the lovers waltz, the Beast still gifts Belle with an infinite library, and everyone gets a happily ever after, with much charm along the way. It's just that remaking a tale as old as time is bittersweet and strange.
A film that sometimes feel just like a copy and sometimes make its own interpretation to move forward, with its eyes on the present and the future. [Full review in Spanish]
The argument is exactly the same but there are substantial differences that make it much inferior than the first version. [Full review in Spanish]
The film tells the classic story in an entertaining and romantic way. I'm sure most viewers will be pleased to see "Beauty and the Beast"; I can confirm that Disney is still on the right track. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite its many fails, not everything is bad in this film because several of its secondary characters are brilliantly interpreted, and has an amazing art design and music. [Full review in Spanish]
It has all the elements so that the kids can learn something from it, beyond the undeniable fun of a very well made film with a charming romance, if they only seek for that. [Full review in Spanish]
The live action remake can be a little too long, but the story, the impeccable cast and the original music and songs are immune to that unnecessary lengthening. [Full review in Spanish]
Doesn't do a whole lot new, creative, or risky with the material-except for one thing. (Splice Today)
This tale may be as old as time, but it is certainly as new as it can be.
She's a funny girl, that Belle, but she's no precious snowflake.
Everything else remains entirely the same out of either laziness or a fear of redneck audiences screaming at the changing world around them.
The new Beauty and the Beast may not be Gucci exactly, but it's no knock-off. It's its own distinct and surprising creation -- a totally joyous one at that.
This live action version of Beauty and the Beast, also from Disney, should prove pleasing for fans of the original and/or star Emma Watson, yet it all feels a bit busy, prissy and over-the-top.
Spectacular scenarios, digital animation, costumes, makeup and a luxury cast make up and amazing adaptation that will remain for posterity. [Full review in Spanish]
Just sort of silly and twee.
The love in this Beauty and the Beast resides in the audience's affection for the 1991 soundtrack, which stars with nostalgic durability. For a film about finding freedom through devotion to an unlikely other, this has all the passion of a straitjacket.
Condon's film is just about what it should be: A fevered, overblown love letter to a classic. To heights it knows it couldn't hope to reach.
The expectedly impassioned Watson, suitably brooding Stevens and gloriously pompous Evans all help make this timeless tale seem equally nostalgic and new.
Maintains the elegance and enchantment of the original film.
It's fine. Take the kids (unless you're one of those parents who seriously frets about how to explain "the gays" to them).
Disney has recycled its remarkable animated classic stunningly, but without much charm. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything is very good visually, also the musical numbers, but I can't stop thinking that is a quite mediocre copy. [Full review in Spanish]
Condon's version certainly won't replace the animated film. But it provides just enough sappiness and sass to please a broad audience with fond memories of the "song as old as rhyme" -- and, no doubt, to enchant a new generation.
It's not great as a musical, but as a piece of dramatic fiction it has something to recommend it that pushes it across the line into satisfactory, even entertaining, cinema.
It's a high-gloss recycle job, designed to do nothing more than massage your nostalgia sensors for two interminable hours.
For fans of the '91 Beauty and the Beast, you'd do better rewatching that movie than watching this. But you can't exactly see the '91 movie on a big screen anymore, so this one is a fine (if inferior) substitution.
Beauty and the Beast is passable family entertainment but its necessity remains questionable.
Hermione as Belle is enough to make this sort of unnecessary pic worthwhile.
As it stands, this version is still an enjoyably solid watch, but it's just not the ambitious masterpiece that it could've been.
Beauty & The Beast is a remake that honors the original while becoming relatable to a new generation.
The film is certainly a spectacle -- so congratulations, Disney CGI wizards! And there's enough talent involved -- not to mention the good bones of the original story and music -- to make it more than watchable
It doesn't follow through on many of its gambits. It's much more dedicated to copycatting a classic, while making it bigger, louder, and broader.
If you pardon the pun, Beauty and the Beast is a tale as old as time, but it's a tale that will again capture the imaginations and hearts of viewers young and old alike.
... a puzzling contradiction, musically dutiful to its source yet shunning the original's shimmering magic. This movie is drab, its setting somewhere in the vicinity of Transylvania, its narrow color scheme strangled by tinted 3-D glasses.
Hits the marks it needs to but can never beat the '91 version. It does some things well, but ultimately this beast is more bloated than it needs to be.
Watson fulfils her role as a classic Disney musical lead more than adequately -- she's the best thing about Beauty and the Beast. But the filmmakers have nothing -- apart from advances in digital technology -- to add to what is a very familiar story.
The film has an old-fashioned, studio-bound look, despite the reliance on digital effects.
Luckily for the movie as a whole, a lively support cast is there to pick up the slack when enjoyment levels feel as if they could be about to flag.
The film invites everyone to be guests of this adventure, which serves as a song and a celebration of love and diversity. [Full review in Spanish]
A film where everything shines a lot and looks dazzling, but just in the outside. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a movie with big shoes to fill and it does the job nicely with lavish sets and costumes, top notch actors and singers, supported by a skilled technical crew. It inherits those great songs by Alan Menken, Tim Rice and the late Howard Ashman.
A dazzling, enchanting and captivating musical which, although not entirely without faults, still finds plenty of ways to do its predecessor proud.
The speciously "evolved" sexual and social attitudes of this updated fairy tale flatten and coarsen the Beauty and the Beast myth...The Disney approach is childish, and it is not justified by political trendiness...
The movie is so well-cast that even the tiniest parts pop -- Stanley Tucci wears gold shoes and doesn't speak! Audra McDonald sings! -- and that's before you get to the peerless Emma Thompson as Mrs. Potts.
Beauty & The Beast is a true pleasure. In some ways, new material is better than the familiar bits.
This is sweet, enjoyable and it is always visually sumptuous.
The chemistry between Watson and Stevens is more crucial to Beauty and the Beast's success, and there are no problems in that department.
A busily sumptuous feast for the eyes and ears ...with three new songs...deserved PG rating...exhausting watching the film.
A wonder-filled live-action version of the romantic story that also offers us lessons common in good fairy tales.
Nothing distracts from the troublesome rendering of the Beast, who always appears more manufactured than soulful. It's a hurdle I just couldn't get over.
Overlong, garish, and hammy.
The sheer dexterity is overwhelming, and only the sternest viewer will be able to resist the onslaught of such thoroughly marketed magic.
...during its most familiar moments, this feels like a tale as moldy as time.
Too hidebound to the original, never quite evolving an identity or mood of its own while attempts to "modernise" the tale feel a touch too forced and become a little grating.
The film is undeniably arresting. But there's a point where the design goes from ornate to needlessly overbearing. And the swoops and dives of the camera are every bit as extravagant as the look of the film.
In the end, love trumps hate. Good manners matter. Beauty is only skin deep. Those are timeworn lessons that never get old, especially when wrapped in this much wonder and fantasy.
Does it justifies its own existence beyond being a way of increasing Disney's shares? Oh, yes. [Full review in Portuguese.]
In a year in which many of the biggest hits have been little more than sops to fanboys more interested in bloodletting than storytelling, here's a film for everyone ... It manages to return a splash of magic to the movies, even if only momentarily.
Disney has ripped a jewel out of its casing and set it in something far more elaborate; the effect is garish rather than nostalgic, frustrating rather than memorable.
Condon delivers this tale with unblushing gusto, ramping up the spectacle at every opportunity and turning the big musical numbers into routines worthy of Busby Berkeley. At times, the film's flamboyance gets too much.
It's sumptuously designed, has some catchy tunes and an A-list cast voicing anthropomorphic household appliances. Still, Disney's live-action remake of its 1991 animated feature is, by and large, underwhelming.
What makes this film more than just another fairytale with extra CGI, pretty dresses and a happy ending, are the songs.
As directed by Bill Condon, the movie casts a delightful spell, and yet is unafraid to edge slightly into darker territory.
The songs are splendid and the camerawork is attractive but overall there's a lack of the tension that impels audiences to wonder what will happen next.
A visual marvel and an exercise in nostalgia for a generation of moviegoers who grew up with the groundbreaking movie.
Elegant and enchanting, it has sumptuous special effects and enhanced character backstories...
In spite of the prudence of the script and in spite of the visibility of its star numbers, the set suffers of a subservient subservience to the original one. [Full review in Spanish]
The centennial tale that Disney returns to life with real actors and images is great, illuminated and spectacular. Forget the versions you've seen: Bill Condon's remake is simply the fable of Beauty and the Beast. [Full review in Spanish]
Hopefully with its live-action technological resplendence, it won't render a classic into obscurity.
This film evokes and recalls that wonderful experience of the animated film of 26 years ago. Celebrating it without overshadowing it, but still far from reaching it. [Full review in Spanish]
The songs are still lovely. The story still timeless. And when Beauty and the Beast is good, it's joyful and fun. But even in its best moments, this remake only reminds you of why you fell in love with Disney's animated take on this tale to begin with.
It's a lavish and entertaining enough retelling of the "tale as old as time."
Otherwise, this "Beauty and the Beast," while displaying plenty of heart, seems hollow. At times, it plays like a Las Vegas version of a Broadway show, meant to dazzle the customers before chasing them back into the casino.
Overall, they've done a decent job, it's just not the masterpiece that the original was.
[A] gorgeous, entertaining, amusing fairy tale come to vivid life, and is bound to please the vast majority of audiences
There's a complicated jumble of gender politics at hand, and any attempt at modernizing the dynamic is more of a random piling on rather than a thoughtful incorporation.
Even if the new Beauty and the Beast doesn't manage to improve on the old one, it does offer a quality spectacle worth seeing.
Very solid and safe, but still sure to charm audiences of all ages, like those kids who fell in love with this story more than 25 years ago and who now will treat their own children.
What makes this Beauty and the Beast worth watching is to see Emma Watson, miles beyond her Hermione Granger years, blossom as a mature leading lady.
This remake of Disney's 1991 classic is remarkably faithful, using present-day digital animation effects to give the story a photo-realistic sheen. The addition of more songs makes it feel much more like a big movie musical.
[The] antics are familiar from the animated film, but their return in a new format is beautifully realised.
It's a wonderfully lavish live action/digital effects animation retelling of the tale, with the film bookended by lengthy song-and-dance scenes. In between, the tale is told with no great urgency but a lot of wit, both in the script and the animation.
From the spectacular opening number to the equally awesome closing one, every second of this film is special.
This film is a treat for anyone who harkens back to the glory days of musicals.
Cleary, there's still plenty of Disney magic in this fairytale.
'Beauty and the Beast' magically transforms from animation to live-action in grand fashion.
It delivers the charm and whimsy of the original while managing to also feel new, an adaptation that is respectful but never slavish.
Ian McKellan makes a fine, melancholy Cogsworth the clock, but the rest of the enchanted servants come off hammy and campy, while Kevin Kline seems lost as Belle's father and Luke Evans turns alpha male Gaston into a bigger cartoon than the original.
A terrific entertainment..the outstanding production numbers and orchestration make up for mediocre melody. Romantic enough, I thought Stevens had a lot more sex appeal as the Beast than as the Prince. Visual and special effects are award quality.
Watson is adorable. Mostly beat by beat remake; new additions add only length. 3D murk is annoying for more than two hours.
Beauty and the Beast lacks both the charm and the aesthetic splendor of its predecessor; it's a meaningless and empty remake that, for the most part, just poorly mimics the original's iconic scenes.
All the hit numbers... Emma Watson is charming as Belle; and the enchanted servants are voiced by the likes of Ian McKellan, Emma Thompson, and Ewan McGregor. But seeing it will probably send you back to the original animated movie for refreshment.
Honestly, if your kids are clamoring to go, the experience won't kill you. This time next year, though, I know which version I'll still be watching.
What Beauty and the Beast rises or falls on is the love story, and here, allowed to slow down to let in intimate moments, the movie catches fire. It's an exhilarating gift.
There's digital fatigue, too. It's too easy to point out that this movie is almost as much a work of animation as the '91 picture, but all those CGI backdrops do blur together after a while.
The unevenness of this live-action recreation of Beauty and the Beast maintains the animated version's status as one of the best Disney films of all time.
Feels like the next one up in the assembly line.
Ultimately, 26 years after the animated movie and 262 years after the story was first written, "Beauty and the Beast" still has the ability to whisk us away for a couple of hours. Bon voyage.
[T]his is, ultimately, a pretty redundant effort that lacks the spirit, energy, and charm of its forebear.
Beauty and the Beast, a flat-pack rebuild of the animated 1991 fairytale, quickly demonstrates the limitations of movie life beyond the drawing board.
...like being held down and force-fed candy for two hours.
If the original was a delicate hand-drawn picture book, this computerized version is a baroque series of overwrought set pieces.
...the best movie musical in years, and one that deserves to be seen on the big screen.
This live-action Beauty and the Beast is too big to fail.
The film has pace, gusto and aesthetic sumptuousness, and it creates a sufficiently magical world.
Disney's most politically palatable version of the fairy tale yet.
It's a tale as old as time, but in its latest imagining it still feels fresh.
Completely unnecessary live-action retread of a beloved Disney classic.
Beauty and the Beast is better than I expected it to be. I still don't understand why Disney insists on recycling its most popular and beloved movies, but when the public repeatedly responds with box-office dollars it's hard to argue
Beautiful movie beautifully done. This is stunning and MUST be seen on the big screen and not your small TV. In fact, the bigger the screen, the better and 3D if possible.
While all of the cool people want us to praise Watson for her performance, the true star of the show is Evans.
Oh, to be confined to a Gothic prison and denied human contact until you fall in love with your hideous, foul-tempered captor... it's every girl's romantic dream.
Any reservations are soon swept aside by a glittering, swirling, twirling production that proves they still make them like they did in the good old days.
Every bit as enchanting as we could hope, gently updating and expanding the story to give the characters more depth and appeal and filling it with movie magic.
While Beauty and the Beast is beautiful to look at and absolutely has its moments, you'll most likely leave wishing you'd seen the animated version again instead.
Movies seldom try as hard to please you as Beauty and the Beast. And, however lacking it turns out to be in nimbleness or grace, it does, after all, succeed.
If you loved the animated film or enjoy pretty costumes on display backed by infectious tunes, this one should suit you just fine.
The result is about as good as could have been expected. And it's certainly better than the stage version.
As the imprisoned Belle, Emma Watson is a prisoner of her own limited range, unable to transform her book-smart character into the sort of formidable romantic partner that could help the film overcome some of its more inherently dodgy sexual politics.
This is Belle's story, and Watson does a fine job of updating the character for a modern world, providing her with steely strength, intelligence (she invents a horse-powered washing machine!) and determination.
Bill Condon's live-action update of Beauty and the Beast is more reimagining than remake, a lavish and lovely take on a familiar tale (as old as time, no doubt) that enriches its source material without betraying it.
Inanimate objects given personalities is a notion that works in our imaginations and in cartoons. Cartoons, darn it, not mostly-live-action.
Despite some convoluted final action ... and unbalanced music, Beauty and the Beast's teary fairy tale ending survives it all thanks to the brief but colorful relationships we develop with the side characters.
Very little is new, apart from some superfluous backstories and the occasional household object. But everything old feels empty and dull.
Beauty and the Beast is energetic and hugely entertaining, both for children and the adults who accompany them.
My ten-year-old daughter really liked Beauty and the Beast. And given you're probably going to be watching this as a child's plus-one, I'd say hers is the view that matters.
One of the blandest, most nervous and most cluttered fairy tale movies that Disney has ever released -- Bill Condon's redo is a rococo La La Fantasyland, complete with sort-of dancing and autotuned singing.
From the very start, audiences who come to the live-action Beauty and the Beast with the 1991 version in their heads will be thrown.
Beauty & The Beast is an efficient crowd-pleaser that makes it easy enough to overlook its flaws (especially if you're part of its target audience).
The best thing about Beauty and the Beast by a wide margin is the performance by Emma Watson as Belle.
I spent much of the film marveling at the amount of meticulous work that went into every set, every background, every costume. I wanted to hit pause so I could linger a bit on some of the more astonishing visual offerings.
More is less in Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast -- so much less that this crazily cluttered, overproduced venture in industrial entertainment betrays the essence of what made the 1991 animated feature a beloved classic.
Beauty and the Beast is an obsessively loyal adaptation. Unfortunately, some things just don't work as well in live action.
It never passes the 'So why am I watching THIS version?' test.
This feels more like a glossy, beefed-up tribute, tweaked for inclusivity, than a fresh take on a much-loved piece.
Is it an entertaining time at the movies? The answer is an undeniable yes, and sometimes rousingly so. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Scenes, etc. - also Available)
This script needed a more thorough refocusing and without it, this remake loses its essential reason for being.
If you want your old favorite dressed in sumptuous new clothes, that's what you'll get. Those who always desired a little more depth from "Beauty and the Beast" will be happy, too: There's something there that wasn't there before.
Probably the biggest flaw is that Beauty clocks in at a beastly 2:09 runtime, and it sometimes finds itself lumbering as a result.
The movie largely succeeds due to the guiding talent of director Bill Condon, who breathed new life into the film version of the already stellar stage show Dreamgirls over a decade ago.
Bill Condon's enchanting live-action adaptation of Disney's Beauty and the Beast is designed to make believers of skeptics - even those who think the 1991 animated version can't be topped.
This "Beauty and the Beast" isn't predicated on starry-eyed romance or animal attraction, but the solace of mutual loss and understanding, which makes it all the sweeter.
If you thought it was a bad idea to mess with a classic, "Beauty and the Beast" will persuade you that a tale as old as time is worth retelling.
A visually sumptuous, highly watchable extravaganza.
Will Disney go on making live-action movies from its classic feature cartoons? If so, it needs a reason and strategy, not just a budget and back catalogue.
While the new version is engaging enough, it's inferior to the original, and so basically unnecessary...apart from the cash flow, what's the point?
There are things that each version of Beauty and the Beast does better than the other. Knowing this up front will make for a more enjoyable viewing experience here.
Encouraging signs that Disney continues to change with the times--and for the House of Mouse, Josh Gad's Lefou is a Mickey milestone.
Everyone does their job to fuel the Disney machine, and the result is another tolerable brand extension rather than a transportive cinematic experience.
It's quite good, thanks to the sturdiness of the story, the jaw-dropping visuals and, most importantly, the one thing the first film didn't offer: Emma Watson.
You and your kids want Happily Ever After? Dust off the DVD of the 1991 original - or go long and dial up Jean Cocteau's 1949 "Beauty and the Beast," still the greatest movie version of this tale as old as time.
Musical numbers are delivered with proper gusto. The show-stopping Be Our Guest even out-does the original animated version.
As an experience, it's transportive, but your ultimate opinion of the remake will depend on whether more fashionable animation seems a good enough reason for it to exist.
Shiny but not exactly new, Bill Condon's live-action Beauty And The Beast is a curious nostalgia object, synthetically engineered to reproduce all the same sensations as a 26-year-old movie.
All I was left with was the desire to go home and spin up the original again.
There's an emotional authenticity in director Bill Condon's live-action Beauty and the Beast film that helps you rediscover Disney's beloved 1991 animated film and 1994 stage show in fresh, stirring ways.
If all of Disney's live-action efforts are as exceptional as this one, by all means, be our guest.
As long as you can ignore the weirdly painterly look of much of this Beauty and the Beast, I'd recommend it -- with the proviso that I would recommend the 1991 version, which is both perfect and 45 minutes shorter, much more heartily.
Bottom line: This Beauty is big, well-designed, tuneful and -- finally -- romantic. But here's the odd thing: It made me want to revisit the original.
The "live action" numbers are competently staged by director Bill Condon. But he is unable, in two hours and 15 minutes, to conjure the kind of magic the 1991 movie achieved in 85 minutes.
This Beauty's got such great bone structure, she's pretty great even with a new blemish or two.
Mildly entertaining with great production values, exhilarating musical numbers, and a lively supporting cast, but it lacks the heart and soul of the classic 1991 animated version.
Just because this is a tale as old as time does not mean it has to feel like deja vu watching it.
Give Beauty and the Beast a try and even the most cynical viewer would struggle not to be charmed by it all.
Condon's visually opulent, slower-tempo movie mostly succeeds, with a few embellishments tossed in to spice up its nostalgia quotient.
Surely it won't go down in the cinematic canon as being one of the best (though one could argue its strength against the other recent live-action adaptations) but a sweeping, grandiose tale that will allow a momentary escape.
By hewing so closely to the original, the film does itself no favors.
Delightfully Disney!
Condon's version is capable of enthralling but if those who treasure the animated telling find it at times wanting, that shouldn't be a surprise.
This Beauty and the Beast is no Cocteau twin . . .
This live-action musical is astonishingly beautiful and, best of all, provides two solid hours of sheer escapist entertainment.
Not cute. Weird. Really weird.
Can't say I loved it, can say it still works -- thanks to those unforgettable tunes.
'Beauty and the Beast' doesn't confirm our worst omens but isn't even close to the level of the wonderful animated film - my second favorite Disney Classic. [Full review in Spanish]
A new version of the story that turns the show into a colorful Broadway musical that, along the way, has lost some warmth and excitement. [Full review in Spanish]
This new live-action version is better than its animated predecessor, because it is superior in all technical departments and it expands its world and mythology even more. Pure magic! [Full review in Spanish]
My skepticism about the necessity of Disney's live-action remake of its beloved 1991 animated musical "Beauty and the Beast" lasted, oh, about 90 seconds.
Beauty and the Beast's highlight is its stunning special effects and set pieces, especially that of the anthropomorphic household objects, which glimmer with realistic glee -- but this isn't enough to warrant a remake.
The attention to detail in this film is exquisite, from the gold flakes on Belle's ballroom gown to the Fantasia-like theatrics of the Be Our Guest feast. All of the acting heavy hitters truly bring those inanimate objects to life.
The latest attempt to do a live-action version of an animated film, Beauty and the Beast, is neither stunning nor dazzling. It is little more than a mediocre production.
In the end, Beauty and the Beast still enchants, largely due to the irresistible story and Woolverton's still-intact touches. The hand-drawn original film, though, remains the real deal.
The problems here, I think, are weirdly simple. The movie takes our knowledge and our interest in the material for granted.
The feelings it conjures are akin to those that course through the brain while experiencing a particularly well-designed attraction at a Disney theme park.
Bill Condon's take on Beauty and the Beast is almost overwhelmingly lavish, beautifully staged and performed with exquisite timing and grace by the outstanding cast.
Like a theme-park mounting of the 1991 cartoon, or the blandified pop version of an enchanting signature character tune. A watered-down pastiche of itself.
Beauty and the Beast creates an air of enchantment from its first moments, one that lingers and builds and takes on qualities of warmth and generosity as it goes along.
In which one of Disney's finest achievements - the first animated film ever nominated for Best Picture, of only three - is turned into a handsome but ultimately so-so cover.
Pound for pound, scene for scene, there's not a sequence here that the original film doesn't execute better in the clean lines of hand-drawn animation and the crisp vocals of the original cast.
After Kenneth Branaugh's surprising rejuvenation of "Cinderella" and Jon Favreau's masterful retelling of "The Jungle Book," Bill Condon's live action remake of the 1991 Disney animation is a crashing disappointment.
This isn't just a remake; it's an act of cinematic upholstery, with all the padding that implies.
I walked in with trepidation -- yet skipped out singing Be Our Guest.
If you're looking for any great departure from or updating of the animated version, don't bother. This Beauty and the Beast doesn't have that. But it does have Emma Watson, and that's enough.
Under Condon's watchful eye, a whole new generation of children will fall in love with Belle and her Beast.
From Watson to the walk-ons, the casting is perfect, with all of the characters more compelling thanks to the -- no pun intended -- fleshed-out plot.
Condon (who has musical pedigree with Dreamgirls) is clearly having fun throughout his ambitious flight of chocolate-box imagination.
[Condon] doesn't try to update or alter the classic tale. Instead, he hews close to the Disney original but makes it larger than life -- more sumptuous, more beautiful, more romantic, more extravagant and yes, darker.
Can a realistically computer-rendered French gilt bronze candelabra be debonair? Jaunty? Rakish, even?
However cynically this may have been conceived as nostalgia for profit, it is enchantingly realised.
Incredibly lavish, this new Beauty and the Beast will surely delight a large international audience by delivering many of the moments fondly remembered from the original.
This gloriously old-fashioned musical with gee-whiz trappings is a dazzling beauty to behold.
Three cheers for director Bill Condon and star Emma Watson for having the courage to make a live-action adaptation with 2017 gender politics.
Condon and his team have alchemized gold into lead.
"Remake" isn't a strong enough word to describe the relationship between Disney's new live-action Beauty and the Beast and the company's beloved 1991 animated movie.
Watson is woefully miscast. She has no charisma and does not seem to enjoy being the much beloved fairy tale heroine.
This Beauty And The Beast is no match at all for the animated classic. And Miss Watson is a Belle who fails to chime.
I'll accept a romantic relationship between a giant man-buffalo and a woman, but Josh Gad with a fringe? It goes against the very laws of nature.
As the film nears its celebratory coda, a buoyant pluralism bursts forth.
the new version feels artificial and manufactured, even forced.
While the CGI extravagances are amazing and the human elements show promise, they never work together to create something noteworthy and original.
Powered by Bill Condon's direction and terrific performances from a game cast, it's a lovely film that includes the elements fans of the animated classic would hope to see, while also introducing some new aspects.
It's simply enchanting. A wonderful music score, dazzling magical effects, scrumptious humour and a great cast make this classic fairy tale a winner.
... it is charmingly brought to life by a wonderfully eclectic cast of actors and remains an engaging story despite how familiar it is.
When Emma Watson walks down the staircase in that iconic yellow ball gown, it's as true (and goose bump-inducing) as it can be.
Fantastic but scarier remake of the "tale as old as time."
It adds a lot of texture to the 1991 classic, but loses some charm as a result.
I'd like to think we've advanced beyond the whole "that mean/scary dude is really a sweetheart once you get to know him" trope.
Every emotional beat, every sparkling romantic moment is as you remember it, brought to life with astonishingly beautiful production values that spring from the screen.
What they've created is a loving homage to a classic, but also a new chapter that really embodies the spirit of the story's heroine and what we love so much about that story.
It may indeed be a "tale as old as time," but in this case as least, it is nice that time has come again.
It's an efficient BATB, machine-tooled for sweetness, with flashes of fun, destined to be the centrepiece of a million teen sleepovers.
A live-action take that's largely without heart, soul, musical achievement, visual appeal, and judicious editing.
Bill Condon's Beauty and the Beast actually delivers a remarkably optimistic balm to a festering, existential wound.
Beauty and the Beast is simply a cover version of a chart-topping song, played with such anonymous competence that Condon's motto must have been, "It ain't broke, don't fix it." Another motto might have been better: "If it ain't broke, don't remake it."
Condon took a star-studded cast, a dizzying budget, and a tale as old as time, and instead of manifesting a magical remake, delivers a lackluster re-enactment.
Feels largely perfunctory: where it flounders most is on the miscasting of several crucial roles.
There's no need to worry that this version might crush the gentle charms of the 1991 picture: Even though Condon more or less faithfully follows that movie's plot, this Beauty is its own resplendent creature.
Musical lovers are sure to be thinking about it for hours afterwards and any Disney fan that has seen the trailers and is eagerly awaiting its release will certainly not be disappointed as it maintains that Gothic fairy-tale feel.
Perhaps most of the energy derives not from showmanship, but from our own anticipation of how these old favorites will play out in flesh, blood, and digitized ones and zeroes.
If only Beauty and the Beast were just a collection of stills, like a fancy Annie Leibowitz spread for some glossy quarterly edition of Disney Adventures. Unfortunately, it's over two hours long.
Condon's Beauty and the Beast is visually as sumptuous as Branagh's Cinderella, paying close attention to ornate castle decorations and beautiful costumes.
It's certainly not a beast of a movie but it's not a beauty either.
A gorgeous, magical, witty pleasure lands in cinemas with this live-action remake of Disney's Beauty and the Beast.
Director Bill Condon sets this all in a storybook production that's sumptuously ornate.
A quarter century has passed since we saw Disney's Belle fall for the Beast; today, the message that behind every rough man is a charming prince (sorry, Emma) is regressive, if not lethal.
Beauty and the Beast is a lavish spectacle. The major drawback is the total lack of surprise. The film is well made, but plays out exactly as expected.
A delightful live-action recreation of a familiar fable. You've seen it before, but its spirit and pizzaz are pretty much irresistible.
...am I supposed to be rooting for Gaston?
Beauty and the Beast does right by its predecessor, delivering a musical experience that both dazzles the eyes and plucks the heartstrings.
Those who predicted this wouldn't hold a talking candle to the animated original will be pleasantly surprised. The tale may be as old as time, but it's retold with freshness, brio and flair.
Gorging all at once on this chocolate box of a picture feels almost greedy, but why stop at once? A large chunk of its audience will be straight back in line for seconds.
When that music swells, it's as infectious as it was in 1991.
Beauty and the Beast marries visual spectacle and sumptuous design work with a better story than its original, casting a spell on old fans and newcomers alike.
It's a lovingly crafted movie, and in many ways a good one, but before that it's an enraptured piece of old-is-new nostalgia.
With her doe eyes, sunny smile, and the smattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose, Watson is a made-to-order Disney heroine. There is an innocence and intelligence to her that fits the character perfectly. She also, it turns out, can sing.
Its success is guaranteed. Even Ewan McGregor is good.
It's a Michelin-triple-starred master class in patisserie skills that transforms the cinematic equivalent of a sugar rush into a kind of crystal meth-like narcotic high that lasts about two hours.
Its classicism feels unforced and fresh. Its romance neither winks nor panders. It looks good, moves gracefully and leaves a clean and invigorating aftertaste. I almost didn't recognize the flavor: I think the name for it is joy.
Ready to proclaim Disney's live-action "Beauty and the Beast" this year's best new old musical? Be our guest.
You'll probably walk away longing to revisit the original for the ump-hundredth time. But isn't that the point?
Beauty and the Beast enchants again as a swirling blend of live-action story, stage, screen and sheer, rococo-spun fantasy.
As Whitney Houston once said; it's not right, but it's okay.
There's certainly nothing that new about this version of Beauty and the Beast, but it's a good recreation of a classic animated film that should leave most die-hards satisfied.
At its worst, the new film is visually overcooked, lacking the focus, pop, and emotional brevity of its inspiration.
When Beauty and the Beast hits its rhythms, it really soars. However, when Beauty and the Beast missteps, the weight of the expectations created by the movie's spectacular predecessors can be felt.
There's an emotional detachment at its core that renders it an innocuously serviceable live-action remake.
"Beauty And The Beast" feels like a cynical, uninspired rehash seemingly created just to make a fiscal year sound promising to shareholders. This is a product that's more manufactured than inspired.
Many will allow themselves to get swept away in Beauty and the Beast's tide of nostalgia. Just know that there isn't much depth below that shiny surface.
Bill Condon didn't have to stay slavishly devoted to the 1991 film, but most of alterations and changes don't make his version feel fresh. They feel like they're grasping for relevancy.
If we're looking for some high takeaways, you'd be remiss not to mention Josh Gad's comedic and sensitive portrayal of LeFou, Gaston's (played wisely by Luke Evans) lovable sidekick.
A modern romantic fable with lavish visuals and wickedly entertaining performances.
Pardon my French, but Disney's live-action remake does grievous harm to a tale as old as time.
Beauty And The Beast lacks some of the astonishing visual prowess of previous Disney live-action remakes, but still sings and dances with enjoyable style.
An extravaganza of goosebump-inducing melody, heart and daring. Bursting with innovation and wonder, the film takes a time-honored fable and makes it feel fresh again. "Beauty and the Beast" is pure enchantment.
It's feminist(-ish) dress-porn and progressive(-ish) fantasy fulfilment with a good heart. And it's very difficult not to fall in love with. Even at our most cynical.

@highlight

With an enchanting cast, beautifully crafted songs, and a painterly eye for detail, Beauty and the Beast offers a faithful yet fresh retelling that honors its beloved source material.