There's an art to ambiguity -- there really is... Left to their own devices, viewers will fill in the blanks, but when the movie starts filling them in itself, you have to wonder about the mismatch.
While Portman does outshine everyone and everything on screen and though she certainly gets credit for making the résumé sacrifice in the spirit of embracing her heritage, Free Zone does nothing for her in return
Without much effort you can imagine the corkboard littered with index cards mapping out the political clashes this cast is asked to act out in their robotic interactions.
Much of it is labored and overemphatic.
A rambling road movie with noble intentions and an excess of speechifying.
The elder actresses simmer as they warily interact, but the dialogue is more schematic than dramatic...
The milieu he chooses -- essentially one long, queerly prosaic car ride to nowhere -- robs the film of much of its dramatic force.
Portman and the audience are stranded in the middle, on the outside looking in, with nothing to do and patience increasingly wearing thin.
An exceptional new film.
A minor movie on a major subject, a drama with an almost unbearable lightness.
The movie -- a metaphor for the tangled, impossible state of Israeli/Palestinian relations -- only intermittently clicks.
...never seems to gain much emotional traction throughout its meandering female road trip, despite some provocative subject matter.
Shot mostly in close-ups, it's a fascinating road movie with an absurdist allegorical finale.
Without fail, Gitai's determination to churn everything into metaphoric mud prevails.
Free Zone has a somewhat challenging narrative made more problematic by the difficulty involved in caring about the characters.
Too slight as a metaphor for the larger catastrophe of the Mideast, too preachy to work as an emotionally compelling drama.
Much of the dialogue is didactic and pedantic. And when not didactic and pedantic, it's plodding and dull.
Maybe being stuck in the car is supposed to give you that claustrophobic feeling that you're in the middle of this, but it feels like a low-budget home movie from a vacation you wouldn't want to take.
Despite dealing with a journey, this confused and confusing movie seems to go nowhere.
A vague and underdeveloped story that makes a tired point about the ability of female relationships to rise above hatred and conflict.
The film is about their journeys, separate and together, and only nominally in Hanna's car.
The message is made clear within the first 10 minutes, leaving us with about 80 minutes of thematic repetition.
[A] fractious film from thorny filmmaker Amos Gitai.
Rebecca (Natalie Portman) is the quiet American who stands on the sidelines while the Israeli and the Palestinian bicker and argue in this intriguing Middle Eastern travelogue.
Unfortunately, the characters feel more like symbols than people, despite strong performances, including what might be Portman's finest work to date.
Despite a handful of quietly affecting scenes, the film mostly fails to delve beneath the surface of either its gritty narrative or the three protagonists, who mainly come across as cultural archetypes, rather than multi-faceted characters.
Free Zone suffers from too-much-information syndrome, stalling out now and again from its tangled narrative wiring and an overload of emotional freight.
It's a nice crying jag by Natalie Portman, but there's not much else here to recommend.
The film is diluted by the use of flashbacks superimposed over present-time scenes. The result is visual chaos.
Judging from her heartfelt turn as Rebecca, Portman seems much more at home in character-driven, art house fare than in her usual studio extravaganzas.
In a film that is so concerned and in love with its female characters, Gitai sort of leaves them in a lovable sing-along
Amos Gitai's long-winded essay revolves around the interaction of three women, an American, an Israeli and a Palestinian, on a car trip from Israel to Jordan.
Gitaï has no real interest in who these women are beyond their symbolic resonance.
This is not a geat film, but an extremely good one...
The meeting of three women -- an American, an Israeli, and a Palestinian -- in Jordan and their struggle to overcome prejudices and their communal histories.
Per usual, Gitai largely eschews exposition, but his reticence sits awkwardly beside his penchant for saddling his deliberately stereotyped figures with trite, unwieldy speeches and symbolic-ironic biographical data.
An intriguing allegorical road-trip movie about 3 women in search of an identity.
Addressing conflict by conflicting itself, Free Zone's effect is almost avant-garde.
The deeply allegorical ending may provoke political discussions, but as drama, Free Zone has lost its way long before then.
It's a frustrating experience.
...an unquestionably awful, awful film.
an often excruciating 134 minutes that could have been trimmed to a tidier 10 minute short
Gitai's films are unabashedly political, tackling controversial issues. They are often more interesting intellectually than artistically. Freezone is no exception.
With characters more often than not functioning as mouthpieces, audiences might feel like involuntary passengers trapped in the backseat.
Visually, Free Zone resembles a home movie in which an overly enthusiastic vacationer records every moment of a mundane trip.
[The] set-up is given a human face by fine performances and a physical journey that's often more interesting than the characters' emotional ones.

@highlight

The symbolism in this cinematic metaphor on conflicts in the Middle East becomes so overbearing that it's hard to care about the characters or their plight.