Brisseau's filmmaking style is artful and clever ... so it's a pity when he begins to wallow in corny moralising and operatic excesses.
I wouldn't entirely dismiss it, but I would be reluctant to say I found too much about it that warmed my heart and appeased my soul.
Brisseau is getting at the heart of human nature and the price of ambition, and he's cutting with a sharp knife, revealing all of its entrails whether you like it or not
Soft-core cornography.
Imagine Emmanuelle remade on a shoestring budget or Eyes Wide Shut staged by a community theater group.
A lot of sexy stuff wrapped in an obvious morality tale with some philosophical hooey and clunky symbols thrown in to justify the cheap, but undeniable, thrills.
While some might mistake it as a bitter view of sexual politics and empowerment, it's also pretty crass filmmaking.
Ridiculous and pretentious and just plain nutty
... a sexy movie.
The film is well made, well acted, cleverly written, photographed by Wilfrid Sempe as if he's a conspirer with the sexual schemers.
Either a highly erotic art film trading in sex, power and morality, or a trashy porno pretending to be deep. After watching two hours of hot young French women having sex with men, each other and themselves, I have to go with the latter.
Part sexual odyssey (more a sexual inferno), part trenchant sociological exposé.
While the points it hammers home with all the subtlety of a Vivid Video girl's come-on are anything but pointless, the film begins an inexorable slide into outright silliness by the third act.
With plenty of girl-on-girl action, this is the movie that photographer David Hamilton would love to make.
There comes a moment in all truly terrible movies when you sense that you couldn't possibly be co-existing on the same planet as the filmmakers.
The film is interesting, sexy and at times silly.
Deteriorates into a silly farce that lands somewhere between Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut and Guccione's Caligula.
You couldn't nail a particular kind of modern French film better if you tried: explicit sex, bad behavior, and shrieking pretention all in one lumpy shock-the-bourgeoisie package.
Secret Things is definitely erotic and will appeal to prurient interests with its soft core pornography. But there is also the tale of ambition...
a cinematic joy ride, an outrageous jaw dropper that explores serious themes under the guise of gaudy entertainment
[The movie] collapses under the weight of its own artsiness.
A sweetly seductive entertainment.
It's an extremely erotic film which is, amazingly, a feast for both brain and eye.
An artistically ambitious exercise that enables audiences to be simultaneously teased erotically and intellectually.
It would be hard to mount a straight-faced defense of Brisseau's feverish moral tale, complete with a lurking angel of death, but the carnal machinations are hugely entertaining -- particularly if you like your skin with a bracing sermon chaser.
Jean-Claude Brisseau's film, which takes a whip to Dangerous Liaisons and even winks at Rules of the Game, gets very silly with lesbian voyeurism and liturgical music.
Second-rate soft-core porn with art-house pretentions.
Secret Things loses that narrative midway through.
Jean-Claude Brisseau's French film is a frequently overheated, often delirious fantasy about two Parisiennes in their early 20's.
A female buddy film with bite.
For those who like their erotic melodramas frosty and lavish, Secret Things is as elaborately whipped up as such treats ever get.
Brisseau effortlessly stages the sort of ooh-la-la orgy that so clearly eluded Stanley Kubrick in Eyes Wide Shut.
Happily and ridiculously over the top, Secret Things is a war of anarchic, sexual primitisim.
Culminates in a quasi-philosophical orgy of pretense and trashy would-be kicks that takes its rightful place among the worst movies I have ever seen.
What's silly about this is all the sex and nudity. And what's exciting about it is, right, all the sex and nudity.
It plays rather like a humorless version of Barbara Stanwyck's tongue-in-cheek classic, Baby Face.
It still may well-deserve consideration as a first-class exploitation flick.
For its first half, Secret Things is a tolerably silly lark ... Yet as Christophe's role expands -- and the soundtrack's classical flourishes become more strident -- the film's plausibility plummets.
Gets more operatically farcical (most of it unintentionally so) by the minute.
The initial objective with which Brisseau aligns the audience is replaced with a stark ambivalence that tremendously complicates the movie.
One of the most sexually daring films to hit the screens in the U.S. since 'Last Tango in Paris.'
The movie is limp-loined and lame-brained.
An overheated melodrama that plays like an art-house version of the gloriously awful Wild Orchid.
Tawdry, derailed, intellectualized melodrama -- the desperately French equivalent of an early-'90s, straight-to-vid Joan Severance title...
Merciless and darkly funny.
A wild and woolly fable.





@highlight

Pretentious and trashy.