There's nothing particularly wrong with it, it's just very tedious. Originality doesn't seem to be important and maybe it doesn't have to be as The Guardian is dealing with something true but what that something is the filmmakers seem to know.
"The Guardian" is a pro-military propaganda movie from Hollywood that attempts to mask its agenda behind the life-saving rhetoric of Coast Guard rescue swimmers.
There is a breadth of quality about the acting, including a fine performance from Sela Ward as Ben's estranged wife - making a lot more of her role than her meagre scripting suggests.
Overly bloated action drama that is predictable and drawn out.
Will definitely rescue some moviegoers from the post-summer doldrums, but someone should have told Davis that there's going to be casualities if he leaves audiences in the water that long.
The Guardian isn't as boring as Annapolis and SWAT, but it's still a feature-length training montage about kids learning the importance of taking it to the limit.
...an old-fashioned, irresistibly earnest piece of work...
A well-judged performance by Kevin Costner brings drama to this actioner.
I'd have given it an A-. But it goes on & on, off the deep end into the even hokier. But since it choked me up earlier on, I'm calling it a weak B .
The Guardian is an ordinary movie about extraordinary people.
This character-driven drama about redemption feels fresh, mostly due to good storytelling and two fine lead performances
a drama that's sometimes as generic as its title... (but)when they're not being forced to snarl at each other, Costner and Kutcher make a likable team...
full review in Greek
The film certainly comes across like a paid Coast Guard advertisement at times.
Costner's actually pretty good in the role which could, at a pinch, be seen as a metaphor for getting too old for action-based parts and having to move over for younger, prettier models.
... with Kevin Costner splashing about in this An Officer and a Gentleman-meets Top Gun-meets the Coast Guard plot, the sea of clichés is mostly palatable.
Something about swimming pools renders them unfit settings for high drama.
Enlistment in the Coast Guard must be down.
The story doesn't offer anything new, but [director Andrew] Davis tells it with conviction ... and sometimes that's enough.
...the Coast Guard Rescue Swimmers are deserving of a movie treatment less formulaic and predictable than this.
...daring yet woefully derivative [and] waterlogged...The Guardian's formulaic fable manages to come up all drippy.
Performances are excellent -- especially from Kutcher -- [b]ut Ron L. Brinkerhoff's script is hackneyed, derivative and absurdly overlong.
It has a noble spirit, sorely lacking in most movies. This film is about people who would lay down their lives to save complete strangers.
Cliché plot but great action, and Costner and Kutcher are worthy of a look.
If you want your entertainment to be decorated with predictability, here's a lovely arrangement of trite.
Kevin Costner - with that hangdog expression and bland delivery that used to represent quiet masculinity and now just means deficient in hemoglobin
An Officer and a Gentleman joins the Coast Guard and struggles to stay afloat.
If it had ended at 90 minutes this film would warrant a salute.
Director Andrew Davis and scripter Ron L. Brinkerhoff ... pummel us with the shameless ending we dreaded from the moment the opening credits appeared on the screen.
Costner comes through swimmingly.
At 135 minutes, I expect more than the usual trainer-turned-father-figure story.
An unforgettable motion picture experience that dives right into the heart and soul of a true hero.
For all their earnest actorly efforts, neither Costner nor Kutcher has a chance against this script.
The Guardian is a male soap opera with echoes of An Officer and Gentleman and enough military movie clichés to fill a book of regulations.
The action sequences might be a treat but the non-action sequences prove that this film needed some rescuing, and didn't get it.
Kutcher and Costner have a kind of visual chemistry that's just as elusive as the other kind. And the connection and contrast between them remind us that Hollywood isn't as forgiving of older male actors as we like to think.
...may be textbook and go overboard with its attempt at supernatural myth-making, but Davis has grounded his film with enough unheralded heroics to make it work.
Kutcher may soon be ready to anchor a Hollywood sea voyage. But for now, he's still a touch out of his depth.
A predictable amalgam of every military-academy movie you can think of.
The Guardian does the job required: nothing more, nothing less, and nothing fancy.
Little about The Guardian will surprise anyone from one scene to the next, though the ride is hardly unpleasant and the story is generous in scope.
The Guardian has the feel of a Sunday feature in a newspaper more than a drama.
It is surprising to find quite a good Coast Guard movie. But then, it's surprising to find any Coast Guard movie.
It doesn't grow corny until two hours in, but it has already worn out its welcome by that time, thus heightening the hokey effect.
[An] action-packed, water-drenched, crowd-pleasing film.
Costner is suitably Costneresque -- that is, low-key, stoic, and capable of a wry turn here or there.
It's a subject worthy of a well-told, well-acted story, and there are times when The Guardian meets that standard.
A workmanlike story, an unusual setting, a game cast and a righteous message kind of get lost in the film's excesses. And an imbalance in the leads hampers this by-the-book service-academy drama.
Costner's strong performance lends the formula a little more weight than you might expect.
Surrounding the flashy heroics, however, is a lot of stilted drama. Unresolved subplots make the movie longer than it needs to be.
If you're going to drop $70 mil or so on a movie, you should go ahead and blow $9.99 on the deluxe tier of cable service so you can see how such characters are created on Rescue Me.
A popcorn flick like this does best when it sticks to shallow waters.
It's all been done before, but Costner and Kutcher make this worth watching again.
A decade after the commercial and critical flop of Waterworld nearly drowned his career, Kevin Costner is back to sea in The Guardian, and this time his dignity remains afloat.
It bears a striking resemblance to An Officer and a Gentleman, which is now nearly a quarter-century old. But the new movie's visuals and direction give it an edgier, 21st-century vibe.
Running on for a butt-numbing two-and-a-half hours, The Guardian overstays whatever forgiving nature one is willing to extend.
Entertaining enough but strictly in a wait-for-cable way.
Even with some well-staged rescue sequences, the result is a bloated, waterlogged affair.
Despite the punishing length and fidelity to formula, The Guardian isn't a disaster and is often quite watchable.
Unless you're in the Coast Guard, or related to someone who is, there's really not much reason to see this. You already have.
The first hour of The Guardian gives every indication that some sort of contemporary Greek tragedy is about to be played out. And then the film goes right off the rails.
Valor does emerge in The Guardian, but often is eclipsed by an effects-driven star vehicle.
The best way I can describe The Guardian is the Coast Guard version of An Officer and a Gentleman, although I doubt this film will be remembered as fondly.
Both veteran director Andrew Davis and writer Ron L. Brinkerhoff know a cliché when they see one... so they dutifully point them out to us in this predictable tale of a much-decorated rescue swimmer passing the torch to a promising new recruit.
It's just plain too long. About an hour and a half into it, I began to wonder how it would end, but about two hours into it, I began to wonder when it would end.
While it's not completely waterlogged, The Guardian is more than a bit soggy. It begins efficiently familiar and ends with a series of splashes that seem like desperate dogpaddling.
Costner and Kutcher spark some real chemistry in their scenes together, but The Guardian takes a weird and unwelcome turn in its final 45 minutes and goes off the deep end.
The television ad spots and theatrical trailers for The Guardian apparently tell most, if not all, of the film's story in just a minute or two.
The Guardian accomplishes what it sets out to do with a reasonable amount of skill, and there's something undeniably admirable about watching men and women push themselves to the limit for only one purpose: to save other people's lives.
It's a pleasure to watch Costner. He continues to operate in a comfort zone where aging and foxiness co-exist. (Harrison Ford, take note.)
The Guardian isn't the worst aqua-themed movie of Kevin Costner's career. Not with Waterworld in his rearview mirror.
Impossible tests of endurance: check. Grinding down of cadet's arrogance: check. Phony romance between cadet and sassy babe: check. Fatherly benediction, the newly minted hero bursting with pride: check. Boo-rah!
The Guardian is bookended by two technically complex rescue sequences, but the movie sorely lacks momentum. So it's up to the cast to transport us, and that doesn't happen either.
Like a light out on the ocean, you can see everything coming for miles in The Guardian.
... plays to every cornball, wave-the-flag, stand-up-and-cheer beat of our star-spangled hearts. Yet, somehow, movies like that get to us.
Sort of like a cross between Top Gun and The Recruit, except vacuumed free of those films' effervescent personality and twists, respectively.
In The Guardian, the latest film to sing the praises of Dan Quayle's favorite branch of the armed forces, '80s style homoeroticism is back.
The Guardian is entirely predictable but it's a good formula. They make the ride fun.
With the movie already running on good will and good will alone this is a disastrous turn of events, this fatal final misstep the leaden nail in this film's cement-lined coffin.
sinks to unseen and inexcusable depths of cheese
The Guardian tries tremendously hard to win audiences over with manly derring-do, exciting action, and impossible-obstacles-overcome uplift.
The Guardian tries tremendously hard to win audiences over with manly derring-do, exciting action, and impossible-obstacles-overcome uplift.
Ashton Kutcher's Adam's apple bobs, therefore it emotes, in this stupefyingly awful checklist of cliches that only leaves out the Mentor's Daughter and Overbearing Father. Without Kevin Costner's delta-male charm, it would be unwatchable.
The fictionalized Guardian doesn't contain post-hurricane rescues, but memories of the U.S. Coast Guard's search-and-rescue operations in New Orleans likely will be stirred during the movie's dramatic rescues at sea.
All the good work done in the first three-fourths of The Guardian is undone by a messy and confused final act that offers up more endings than Clue in an effort to wrap things up.
A competent but clichéd tribute to the brave folks in the Coast Guard.
That the film doesn't rise above the formulaic is a particular disappointment as these stunningly brave Rescue Swimmers deserve a film as daring as they are.
The Guardian is an action movie, a basic training movie, a swaggering sea adventure, a home front melodrama and an inspiring tough-love heroic teacher fable.
Watching The Guardian is like treading water in a cold tank when you'd rather be sun-basking on a raft in a tranquil cove.
Instead of making a real splash, the film ends up sinking to the level of predictability.
A pleasant enough distraction, although like so much of Costner's work it is far too long.
Pure Hollywood hokum, the sort of picture the Duke might star in today. Not that there's anything wrong with that. Aside from lazy screenwriting.
It's that earnest naivete that makes the film rather charming, actually, if over-simple and at least 30 minutes too long.
The Guardian is so petrified over disrespecting the United States Coast Guard that it stifles itself. Like one of its trainees stuck under water, it can't breathe.
The Guardian is a waste of time %u2013 a waste of a lot of time.
Costner easily is the most underrated and overly mocked actor of his generation.
Begins as the sort of glossy, well-made Hollywood movie I usually like, and by the end reaches supreme heights of silliness.
Flaws aside, The Guardian still emerges as an above-average military drama, even if it does come with the obligatory cheese and a flair for the melodramatic.
Despite the movie being overly long and fairly cliched, it makes a strong showcase for Kevin Costner's seasoned charisma.
For every grizzled veteran, there has to be a cocky hotshot, and this movie's is high school swim champion Jake Fischer (Ashton Kutcher).
The Guardian is the kind of inspirational movie that Hollywood made about the Army, Navy and Marines during World War II. Now, with inspiration in short supply, it's the Coast Guard's turn.
The movie begins to overload its frail reed of a structure with giant sloppages of cliches from other movies, some so bad it's almost comical.
When the climax finally comes, it turns out there are at least four of them. This is the kind of movie that seems to end over and over again. Just as you're rising in your seat to leave, another coda is tacked on.
Kevin Costner has spent the better part of two decades playing "just over the hill," and he's pretty much got it down pat.
Recycles every mentor/student and military movie cliché in the proverbial book yet it does so effectively and with enough heart to prove see-worthy.
An exciting crowd-pleaser, examining what it takes - physically and psychologically - to be a hero. Think of it as "Top Fin"!
The whole endeavor... is attempting to be way more serious than the casting of someone of Ashton Kutcher's level of nontalent would seem to indicate...
The wheels of the contrived screenplay turn so loudly you can almost hear them creaking.
In between the maudlin moments, [director] Davis et al. deliver a sturdy popcorn movie and a few genuine thrills. Not bad for a day on the high seas.
The Guardian has a pretty good ending. Then, it has a redundant one. Then, a cliched one. Then, a superfluous one. Then, a couple of more. Then, it really ends.
The Guardian is further proof that there really is nothing original left in Big Studio (BS) Hollywood.
Eleven-year-old males who check the mirror daily for signs of facial hair may give it a 'hoo-ra'. For their balding elders, 'hoo-boy' might say it best.
The Guardian might not be half bad if it didn't sink under a massive storm of cliche.
I doubt that even these knights in neoprene armor could rescue an audience from The Guardian's torrent of watery clichés.
This is a silly movie made of taped-together Hollywood hokum, the kind where you just know the pitch was something like, 'It's Top Gun meets An Officer and a Gentleman in The Perfect Storm.'
Not that I was expecting much, but I found myself irritated at the recurring basic training clichés that Andrew Davis had floating throughout "The Guardian."
Costner plods through this story with what can best be called tact, while Kutcher lamely tries to inject bits of humor here and there. Not that director Andrew Davis notices.
An inspiring look at the Coast Guard's Rescue Swimmers whose motto is "So others may live."
Formulaic but involving. Makes waves.
Pretty much a case of 'been there, seen that.' If this kind of by-the-numbers stuff is your cup of seawater, this is a professional example. But don't expect any surprises.
"The Guardian" is one of the worst movies to come out this year because it's such a crass, unwieldy mess of military-flick clichés. It's a rock-headed copy of a copy of a copy, halfheartedly written, acted and edited.
Take a little of An Officer and a Gentleman and a little Top Gun and throw in some waves and underwater sequences, and you have The Guardian -- only with less charismatic actors, more tame sex scenes, and a lot less energy.
Formulaic but so well-made that you choke on the thrills in spite of yourself.
The brave women and men who serve as United States Coast Guard Rescue Swimmers perform courageous, lifesaving feats every day. Clocking in at a Waterworldly 139 minutes, The Guardian catalogs every one of them.
Ashton Kutcher shines in this highly entertaining, action-packed homage to real Coast Guard swimmers who risk their lives in storm-tossed waters to save strangers.
...turns out to be a crowd-pleasing drama that Coast Guard fans will adore, even if it is only an average genre flick at best.
Kevin Costner and Ashton Kutcher's The Guardian drags on like a slow boat ride to Anchorage, its standard-issue heroics and flavorless dialogue gone stale long before the movie arrives at the big, valorous finish.
So old-school it actually has roles for both Clancy Brown and John Heard, The Guardian feels like an assembly-line summer programmer from somewhere circa 1987.
Sooooooo predictable.
Fans of Costner and Kutcher have probably forgiven them for much worse.
Director Andrew Davis aims straight and true with his rescue scenes, churning ocean and emotion with a flair for good theater.
Filled with ugly step-printing and chaotic staging, Guardian could be mistaken for a CBS television movie at times, making it hard to stay excited for this big screen affair.
A shrewdly updated version of classic (and not-so-classic) military-themed pics about grizzled, blunt-spoken vets who transform cocksure hotheads into coolly efficient professionals.
It's a great story marred by way too much stirring sincerity.
Daring rescues during wild storms at sea? Yes, but 'The Guardian' also features strong performances by Kevin Costner and Ashton Kutcher.
Applying the formula of basic training/military school films like Top Gun and Officer and Gentleman to a resonably timely subject, Coast Guard Rescue Swimmers, Davis' genre item is predictable and uncritical but well-executed and enjoyable as mass fare
It's when The Guardian tries to posit profundity that it really wears out its welcome.
Screenwriter Ron L. Brinkerhoff deserves some credit for crafting a script that actually makes something interesting out of a pretty boring subject.









@highlight

The Coast Guard gets its chance for a heroic movie tribute, but The Guardian does it no justice, borrowing cliche after cliche from other (and better) military branch movies.