A beautiful little chamber dramedy about four sharply-drawn characters played with a very lovely mixture of nuance and showmanship.
Payne's most enjoyable movie since Election
Payne does know how to capture two kinds of male menopause. But I can't say he ever surprised me.
Excellent but explicit movie is not for kids.
"Sideways" is about wine aged to perfection sipped by men who've aged to mediocrity - softer, hornier versions of Walter and The Dude. But Miles's brutal honesty is its soul. He's annoyingly, depressingly out there, but never fraudulent.
Giamatti handily raises what could've been a pedestrian road trip romance into the stratosphere of a world-class character study
A very memorable slice of life.
This wonderfully satisfying study in human nature is funny and sad and profoundly entertaining from start to finish.
Sideways stays resolutely life-size. And that, in this age of hype and hyperventilation, may be the most radical thing about it.
Sideways is the first of Payne's films in which we have the chance to really care for the characters; he reins in his harsh satire better than before.
No one does quivering-on-the-edge-of-depression quite like Paul Giamatti.
This one's like to appeal greatly to the 30-40 somethings that are getting more and more into bourgeois sports such as yachting, polo or wine tasting.
The year's second best movie about broken and lonely people (after Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind).
In Payne's overarching triumph, Sideways is a sensitive, to the point of disturbing, expose of love....love that can blossom with that high school hallway sweetness even in the withered garden of midlife.
click to read article [Greek]
Brilliantly observed characters are becoming second nature to Payne and Taylor, and the performances here are uniformly terrific. This is wonderful, original stuff.
A study of friendship, disappointment and self-deception, Sideways, directed by Alexander Payne, has at its centre the most leisurely of bachelor parties: it's a road movie that stops off at vineyards.
Maya is a perfect fit for Madsen, smart, sexy, down-to-earth, vividly alive just beneath a placid surface.
...a leisurely paced film about introspection, neurosis and finding tranquility.
Sideways is non-mainstream pretentiousness done right
Sideways is a darkly comical and courageous journey of two ordinary middle-aged men whose only aspirations are to move forward in life.
A relentless and painfully funny critique of masculine pretense and selfishness, of which wine fetishism is the apotheosis.
Intelligent, funny and moving.
Maintains a deft balance between breezy joviality and understated poignancy.
Was "Sideways" worth the price of admission? Yes, but the overt sexual references make it hard for me to recommend it to anyone I might have to face later.
The underdevelopment of some characters can be attributed to an overriding decision to caricaturize the subjects of the film.
Payne and Taylor excel at getting underneath these tough exteriors and portray these people for what they are, warts and all.
Built upon its characters and would have been ordinary if it hadn't been for the excellent casting.
'La fortaleza del filme se encuentra en el enorme respeto que Payne muestra por sus personajes, así como en un estupendo elenco como el que pocas veces se puede juntar'
The movie has an abundance of high energy and good spirits and seldom takes itself too seriously....
This is more fun than most art films and should be a legitimate Oscar contender.
I really, really liked this movie, but I have to admit that I think it is a tad overrated.
Yo me serviría otra copa y trataría de volver a disfrutar de los mismos sabores. Seguro que surgirían otras vetas que estaban esperando para sorprendernos.
As in Payne's other films, when the laughs die down there remains a residue of sadness, desolation and self-loathing, leaving the impression of something far more darkly insightful than your average light comedy.
Payne leva o espectador a se envolver com figuras que, em produções menos ambiciosas, seriam retratadas como seres desagradáveis e repulsivos.
A funny, heartfelt coming-of-middle-age story by, for, and about snobs.
it succeeds thanks to a screenplay steeped in humanity and a director with a gift for making ordinary Joes into extraordinary movie heroes.
Neither a bang nor a whimper, but a warm, engaging dialogue about things that matter, in words that must be said.
Un brindis completo por el amor, por la vida, por la madurez anhelada.
A knowingly-clever and downright-insulting movie that does little more than talk down to its audience.
The film is impressively directed throughout with Payne conveying Miles's drunken state through effective use of wobbly camerawork.
Like a fine novel, it has threads that tangle, bits that tingle, sections that make you laugh out loud and moments that reach deep down and touch you in the gut.
...humor is alloyed with pathos, and all the queasy-making muddled emotions that complicate the human heart.
Very funny and very sad, Sideways is smashing.
Payne's characters might have become caricatures, but he has too much affection for them--and too much respect for his audience--to allow them to be anything less than real.
It's a deceptively simple (at first), deep and thoughtful film.
... there is an underlying honesty... that manages to transcend a critic-friendly film and strike a chord about life.
More of a character study than anything else, but with characters as good as these, you really don't need much of a plot.
I've long been a fan of Thomas Haden Church...It's great to see him finally get his due, even as Paul Giamatti sucks up all the attention
Like a $3.00 bottle of wine -- it may taste fruity going down, but when it comes back up you'll realize it wasn't worth the Technicolor yawn (or the horrible migraine).
A quality film with near-perfect writing, marvelous acting and quite a few laughs thrown in.
This is a perfect movie. There are absolutely no false moments in any scene in this picture.
The comprehensive experience is full-bodied and satisfying.
The unforced humor arises from Payne's honest treatment of the characters.
Alternately moving and funny depiction of the games boys play...even when the boys in question are nearing 40!
Quirky, perceptive and strangely moving ...
Richer, headier, and more complex, just like a fine wine. Among multiplexes filled with the movie equivalent of generic brand cola, this is a rare movie for grown-ups.
'But the star here is Paul Giamatti...Giamatti IS Miles. It's almost as if the other characters had wandered into a film called "Miles" and just blended in.'
Frankly, I don't know how Payne does it, but his formula of bringing out popularly hailed qualities in an apparent loser has worked again.
A successful small picture dealing with the crossroads of one's life as an adult, with lots of interesting conversations, funny moments, solid characters and lovely things to see.
As distinct and earthy as a Sangiovese and as light and fickle as a Sauvignon Blanc.
[Director Alexander Payne] is fascinated by flawed - which is to say, human - characters...
while containing the standard elements of the buddy road trip comedy formula, it adds layers of dramatic complexity to balance out the ongoing shenanigans.
Takes great pleasure in finding absurdity in the routine and picking apart the foibles of human nature, both of which are the cornerstone of that great comedy that is life.
a genuinely touching ode to the foibles of masculinity gone middle-age crazy
Every so often, a movie comes along that just about seems perfect. Sideways is one of those movies.
Sideways, forward, back - wherever these four characters go I will follow
Sideways is a deeply pleasurable indie diversion in which nothing really happens and yet a lot is said, much of it about wine.
Finding wicked humor in those unguarded and awkward moments is Payne's specialty.
Shame on the academy if Giamatti isn't on the ballot this year
The most honest and human story yet from a filmmaker building a career on honesty and humanity.
While admiring the content and the intent of the movie, I could never quite get past the feeling that it was all built on an insubstantial foundation.
We're a couple of misfits. No, this isn't a review of "Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer."
plodding, standoffish and seriously overrated.
The most overrated movie of the year.
Payne abandons his biting eye for satire with this uninspired and mean road picture. Makes one long for a car drive with Mr. McAllister and Warren Schmidt.
A beautifully realized but, nevertheless, all too familiar story about a pained man.
Alexander Payne's unforgiving drama takes the initiative of observing adult sexuality unsanctimoniously.
I didn't like it, then I liked it.
Make sure you savor this one - vintages of this quality don't happen every season.
Payne shares with the great Billy Wilder the knack for heightening scene after scene with the addition of a few little details that most directors might overlook...
The perfect blend of kooky comedy, fantastic dialogue and inner struggle.
If you can hang in there and don't mind listening to two hours of talk, this is a fairly interesting story about two amoral, selfish, inconsiderate losers.
In vino veritas...Payne has supplanted the Coen Brothers as a reliable purveyor of smart comedy
Payne has made a movie for the same sorts of people, one with body and 'nose' and character that movie lovers will savor long after the credits have rolled.
Here's the richest, funniest and perhaps most moving film of the year, featuring a performance from Paul Giamatti that should win him the Oscar.
Payne and screenwriter partner Jim Taylor aren't afraid to let their characters look and act foolish, which is one of the reasons they feel so real.
Payne always charts the terrain of the human heart, and he's among the wisest of mapmakers.
Pot-bellied, squat and hairy-backed, Paul Giamatti is nobody's idea of a conventional screen idol, yet he may be the most watchable leading man in movies today...
A quartet of extraordinary actors, united by an intelligent and funny script, and a director who can highlight the little details of character and performance.
... a comedy of deep yet sparkling complexity. ... Much more than quaffable, Sideways proves downright transcendent.
The film itself should be approached like a fine wine: Uncork it, give it time to breathe, and then luxuriate in its rich, heady flavor.
Miles Raymond is a character so tragic that even the ancient Greeks would be envious. Especially Bacchus.
No one understands the plight of the middle-aged white guy like Alexander Payne.
Thrives on adult conversation so curvy and rich, we swear we can taste it.
[T]he irony and realism inform each other in an ongoing way new for [Payne and Taylor].
I propose a toast to one of the best, and possibly most courageous, movies of 2004.
As refreshing as the best Pinot Grigio and as full-bodied as a perfectly-aged Cabernet, Sideways fully engages your emotional and intellectual palates. Drink it in.
The Miles character is a glorious, multifaceted diamond prism of painful humanity, filled out by Giamatti's immersive acting and the unflashy, close-cutting writing.
Now that Alexander Payne has made four films and all of them have been excellent, we can officially declare him one of the best directors currently working.
It is, in almost every way, less than it could or should be.
A lot of wine floats around in Alexander Payne's Sideways, in which drinking and talking about wine are not just routine activities but an existential way of life.
This isn't the sort of road comedy we're used to seeing. Its humor is more likely to provoke smiles and light chuckles than guffaws.
The film's Cassavetes-style aimlessness (think of it as a West Coast Husbands) gets a jolt when each of the guys pairs up with a willing woman.
Pull the cork on Sideways and savor.
Much like Altman, Hal Ashby and Billy Wilder -- three filmmakers whose movies are celebrated for their naturalism, their humanism and their wicked, often merciless satire -- Payne makes films about ordinary people with their rumples and flaws left intact,
Intoxicating...but the bittersweet truth about the rare, high-spirited Sideways is that its last few miles are all uphill.
Payne's beautiful command of his content diverts your attention away from the fact it's a typical road movie.
Alexander Payne is becoming one of the greatest American directors of modern cinema and again, Sideways is on its way to being one of the best films of the year.
Sideways is such a giddy pleasure that it's hard to talk about without wanting to share every little secret you discover along the way.
Sideways is bound to end up the single funniest movie of the year, although rarely in a laugh-out-loud way.
Captures the unflattering male psyche like no film since Roger Dodger.
The acting is superb, from the free-spirited Oh to the compassionate Madsen to the irresponsible Church. The standout is Giamatti.
A dramedy, the film broaches some important issues such as depression and fidelity, honesty, integrity, but never forgets its comedy. A modernized "Odd Couple?"
Not quite perfect, but full bodied with lots of subtle overtones
As Sideways progressed to its near-perfect final scene, I found myself genuinely loving it.
Alexander Payne's intelligence, biting humour and good ear for dialogue, combined with Paul Giamatti's outstanding acting, make Sideways a success.
Payne is the only young filmmaker tackling the gloom of modern mediocrity, and his Sideways is the richest and most rewarding American comedy since Wonder Boys.
A smart and delightful romantic comedy.
Sideways is a movie that knows us a little too well, which has always been Payne's specialty.
Californians will want to see this for the familiar scenery, but anyone who has ever loved, lost or wished for a better glass of wine would be well advised to take it in as well.
Somehow director Payne makes us care, a lot, about these two misfits who seem headed towards their own self-inflicted destructions.
They do stupid, mean, embarrassing, and/or unintentionally hilarious things, and yet are portrayed so lovingly that we love them in spite of it. Giamatti: genius as always.
Sideways, based on a fine novel by Rex Pickett, is at once a literate comedy, a subtle examination of grown-up romance and a touching study of friendship.
The sweet pain it affords arises not from watching other people flail at life; it comes from recognizing their struggles as our own.
From its first minutes, maybe even from the credits, you know you are seeing something very special.
Sideways is one of those films that's a bit too good to review: It strikes a unique tone, blends a bit of tall-tale fun with everyday life, and pretty much hits every note in your psyche.
Sideways is neither effete nor snooty. It's a knowing, often-tender comedy about the plight of middle-aged men who aren't exactly living fast-track lives.
With each new film, Payne and Taylor plane the edges of their wit. Yet this growing maturity merely buffs their work; it's not dulled one bit.
Modern American comedy doesn't get any better than Sideways. The film delivers great humor to open up something deeper -- a heartfelt portrait of a life in crisis.
The wine metaphors flow like, er... wine in this bold, boisterous, and eminently quaffable road movie/buddy movie hybrid from director Alexander Payne.
Madsen is also great in a well written role that she makes even better through a sort of earnest stillness.
In spite of the slow beginning, the movie ages into a sweet, lively story with a delicate sense of humor - something to savor like a fine wine.
A hell of a movie, wonderful and sad, not quite real life but parallel to it, treating its characters with respect and something bordering on love.
Payne and Taylor continue to skewer American society with this brilliant comedy about ambitions and expectations.
Wise, entertaining and often very funny.
As character study, as exercise in American ambiance or, simply as an entertaining movie, Sideways triumphs.
With Sideways, the director of Election and About Schmidt has cobbled together his most mature, complete effort to date, a film that utilizes his off-kilter sense of humor and his ability to construct believable characters.
Like a good wine, this movie has clarity, subtlety and a pleasant aftertaste.
A deeply human comedy about people fumbling their way toward love.
Provocatively sharp in its charm and thorough wit. Sideways is articulate and vibrantly realized...beautifully written with emotional insight and intoxicating flair
This bittersweet yarn about two LA bottom feeders who tackle personal issues, bottle by bottle, through wine country, renders their episodes of anguish intoxicating.
A wine-country bachelor trip for two lifelong friends goes more than a little sour in one of the best movies of the year.
A brilliant exploration of life, longing and second chances.
Giamatti...mostly resembles a walking ulcer, especially when he's inflamed.
Easily one of the year's best films--both funny and sad, charming and poignant...an intoxicating treat.
An alternately rollicking and mournful road comedy.
Every performance here is wonderful, and the movie abounds in moments so true as to be cringe-worthy.
Sideways is sublime.
There's not a false note here, and the entire supporting cast -- Madsen, Oh, Church and Marylouise Burke as Miles's Mother -- is uniformly excellent.
Giamatti is a comedic gem.
The lack of A-list talent is one of the many subtle charms of Sideways, a movie that finds universal appeal in the various urges and dilemmas of its characters while avoiding most road-movie cliches.
With four fine films under his belt, Payne should be regarded as an American treasure.
Sublime.
It is just so good, a fine, fresh wine that still jumps out of the bottle fully aged and wonderfully complex, as tasty as a rare Bordeaux after a decade in the cellar.
Although lacking the complexities of Election -- still Payne's best work -- the picture does exude an intelligent craftsmanship that's hard to resist.
At the end of the movie we feel like seeing it again.
I thus heartily recommend the movie to all men between the ages of 30 and 55 -- if they can take it. Sideways offers few consolations besides the bitter, healing laughter of the morning after.
Giamatti and Church gloriously suggest brainier versions of Beavis and Butt-Head.
Emerges as a full-fledged film, with a brilliant use of cinematic language and pacing, but also has a novelistic breadth without spilling much over the two-hour mark
Sideways cements Alexander Payne's status as one of our best directors
'Sideways' is one of those rare films where every single element and detail, no matter how small or seemingly insignificant, feels absolutely right.
By far the year's best American movie.
Never betrays the longing for love and friendship that makes it both painful and painfully funny.
Doubters may hedge about calling it a classic and might insist on checking back in a few years to see how it has aged. Fair enough. But it's not too early to call it pure movie bliss.
If Sideways were a wine, its foretaste would be a flutter of nuttiness, its middle would have spicy nuances, and its aftertaste would be lingering and sweet.
It could turn out to be the best English-language picture of the year.
Both charming and sexy, uproariously funny and touchingly human.
[W]onderfully, beautifully realized, with a wise, literate bent...
Sideways is a better film as you actively engage it, examine the characters, ... and think about what each one is going through.
With the skillfully framed, beautifully written, delicately acted Sideways, Alexander Payne may just have found his golden ticket to Oscar glory.
This is a genuine slice of life.
One of the best films of the year.
The sweetest, funniest, most humane movie I've seen all year.
Alexander Payne has done it again, making a comedy that rings so true to real life that most people in a certain age bracket should be able to relate with some aspect of the characters.
A wonderful ode to the value of friendship and of the grape.
Like a perfect Pinot Noir, Payne's latest film is an intoxicating mix of adult bitterness, lush Santa Barbara vineyards and the year's early standout male performance.
This is easily Payne's funniest film to date, yet the comedy never undercuts the difficult emotions with which the characters are dealing.
Clearly the year's best comedy. The year's best romance, too.
One of the year's best, this is vintage Payne.
Sideways is the best comedy of 2004. In fact, it's so far the best movie of the year.
It's a joy to watch comedy unfold so naturally, the laughs gently teased out from our growing knowledge of the characters, their imperfections, doubts and, yes, emotional pain.
Raise a glass in celebration.
Always a resourceful, thoughtful performer, Madsen almost offsets Sideways' overriding, occasionally prosaic interest in the boys' journey.
The people seem real, the restaurants feel as if you could just walk right in ... and the homes are messy and lived-in. Payne captures his locations with honesty.
A perfect film without a wrong note.
It truly is a testament to Payne's skill that Sideways has come out a deeply entertaining and intensely honest motion picture.
It moves off course into areas you wouldn't anticipate.
Much of Sideways is top-notch, with witty banter reminiscent of excellent films like Diner and Wonder Boys.
This is a building-block movie: Its stand-out excellence becomes apparent only gradually.
A film like Sideways is the fulfillment of many hopes and desires, an audience's not least of all.
This is a lovely film-agreeably rambling.
Alexander Payne's heart-piercing new film about a writer on the verge of disappointment is a reason to maintain hope in the film industry.
Sideways may fetch Paul Giamatti that best actor Oscar of which he was robbed (or so many thought) for American Splendor.
Definitely one of the year's most entertaining movies.
A trenchant American satirist in his previous films, Payne moves in a different direction with Sideways -- one less mordant but just as pointedly observant.
It's not Payne's best work, but even a lesser piece by Alexander Payne far exceeds just about anything else out there.
It feels churlish to complain that Sideways is merely a good film when, in fact, it has little, observant details and big, earned laughs
Director Payne takes fewer risks than he normally does, coming up with a soft-edged but thoroughly satisfying film.
Payne has an eye for making the mundane remarkable through specificity of details
Really just a likable romantic comedy of personality as two buddies learn about each other on a road trip. The film will be of particular interest to wine lovers.
It's an intoxicating feeling when a movie excites and enlivens us like this -- and there's a particular giddiness to be had in thinking about what movies can (but don't often) do for one's soul after imbibing such a fine vintage.
Sideways is a simple but richly told and created story that works on all levels.
The characters in Sideways are better developed than those in the earlier films, the poignancy is just as forceful as it was in About Schmidt, and the comedy is slightly better integrated.
Makes you feel like you're trapped at dinner with a wiseass who's trying to convince you what a sensitive guy he is.
It's clear that the filmmakers -- Alexander Payne, the director and screenwriter, and Jim Taylor, his co-writer -- know what they are up to.
Refreshing, unpretentious and genuinely affecting.
a sure bet to age like a classic
This excellent adventure affords a hilarious and excruciating bout of bachelor bonding.
Sideways is a buddy movie that is a delight from start to finish: it offers a round-trip ticket to the rewards of friendship and the follies and frustrations of middle-age.
More than anything, Sideways furthers the impression that Alexander Payne is a great structuralist filmmaker.
Wildly funny and surprisingly edgy.
A wonderful film, so accomplished that it looks effortless.
Finds the absolute perfect note to end on, stripping away all the double-talk and simply finding a way to just open up and enjoy every ounce of flavor that life offers.
Its often low-key study of human interactions and bonding is quietly truthful and erudite.
Payne once again does an incredible job creating deeply flawed but extremely likable characters. portrayed in shockingly real performances.
[Paul] Giamatti's never been better...
If film critics employed a 0 to 100 rating scale such as some wine critics do, then Sideways would rate about a 98.
Payne's most emotionally intelligent film to date







@highlight

Charming, thoughtful, and often funny, Sideways is a decidedly mature road trip comedy full of excellent performances.