Part of the fun in this flick is watching Ferrell turn science fiction stereotypes of the intrepid explorer upside down.
[A] gigantic chunk of scat.
Danny McBride and Will Ferrell make it worth a trip to Land of the Lost.
Who is this movie being made for in the first place?
By stringing together a bunch of campy retro set-ups and witty improvs, Land of the Lost manages to be a watchable comedy with plenty of laughs.
Land of the Lost is a terrible family film - let's just get that out there - but it is certain to live on as a staple of bleary-eyed uni students' movie nights; sandwiched in-between repeat viewings of The Wall.
Ladies and gentlemen- this is it. This is the moment where Will Ferrell's shtick (already wearing thin after his last couple of films) officially got old.
Better than "Bewitched," if only for its straightforwardness. Then again, even Nora Ephron didn't turn Will Ferrell into a colonoscopic agent for a dinosaur. Depending on if you like him, that may be a comic equivalent to the Berlin Wall's collapse.
...the film boasts a pervasively puerile sensibility that's reflected in virtually all of its attributes...
Not really a film version of the oft-rerun '70s Saturday morning staple that happens to star Will Ferrell, but rather a Will Ferrell movie that happens to bear the title and some concepts of the show.
Will Ferrell's and Danny McBride's natural charisma isn't sufficient to save Land of the Lost
An odd film, which will hardly be enough to turn it into the massive hit that it needs to be.
There are genuine thrills, gross-out moments, zingy lines and a Will Ferrell in solid form. No one asked for this movie, but now that it's here, we should be pleased.
By and large, it's knockabout kids' stuff (and has been advertised on that basis), but it has some quite risqué smut.
There's a docu-drama to be made about movies like this. About how no-one had the courage to tell the star: This ain't funny!
Humdrum adaptation that should, given the ripe nature of its source material, have been much better.
A ragbag of lackadaisical plotting, drugs references, puerile lechery and shiny effects work, an assemblage far from child-friendly yet not quite grungey enough to wow older teens.
It's not just the land that feels lost in Ferrell's lumbering latest. After Bewitched, you'd have thought he'd have learned to leave old TV shows well alone.
A doughily inexpressive Will Ferrell extinguishes any flicker of originality in one of the worst performances of his career.
It is very surreal, absurd, and often quite gross, with loads of very arch and knowing gags. It's not going to win any awards. Really, it's a DVD rental. There are some laughs. I laughed, anyway.
The humour is lame and more than a little smutty, while the plot barely hangs together.
Neither conventional action-adventure or enough of an out-there pastiche, this really is the land of the lost.
It's not clear whether the director, Brad Silberling, is camping it up or simply trying to get through it all without too much strain.
Like a valley of sedimentary rock, the film is comprised of layer upon crumbling layer of dumbness.
Too rude for kids and too dumb for grown-ups, this laboured romp is a dino-snore.
Drawn out to 100 punishing minutes, this has all the markings of 2009's flabbiest summer turkey.
As a TV-to-movie remake, LOTL ranks with Lost In Space: fitfully entertaining, largely uninspired. Ferrell does his best, but ends up stranded in the middle of an ideas desert.
The funniest aspect of this turkey is that it cost more than $100 million to make, yet it still looks like something assembled by idiots. It's one of the most abject family films ever to have slithered out of Hollywood's nether regions.
The crude humour is as unfunny as it is ill-judged. Set to become a favourite of bad movie clubs everywhere.
A lumbering and largely unamusing comedy adventure. Ferrell and McBride are occasionally funny when they head into improv territory, but on the whole it is a limp affair.
Find your juvenile inner self and you might just enjoy Land Of The Lost.
Will Ferrell capers earnestly through a Journey to the Center of the Earth-style comic romp witless of script, wan of invention and pasty of imagery.
It's a kind of cut-price Jurassic Park, with a support cast of gabbling monkeys and lizardish humanoids, and if they don't seem far-fetched you might believe Anna Friel as a Cambridge- educated scientist.
This big-budget revamp of the Seventies TV series flounders around with little consistency of tone, courting kids with roaring dinosaurs and visual gags, then winking at adults with near‑the‑knuckle asides.
A good-natured, hit-and-miss mess, further muddied by some seriously inappropriate humour.
The insane comedy/action hybrid emerges as a nutty, funny, unashamedly weird action comedy hybrid that is more consistently laugh-grabbing than many of its contemporaries doing far better business at the box office.
Land of the Lost has decent special effects but ultimately fails thanks to a poorly written script, a general lack of imagination, a series of painfully unfunny gags.
It's far too raunchy for family audiences, nowhere near funny enough to satisfy comedy fans, and asks us to get all nostalgic about a 70s TV show that nobody in the UK has heard about.
A jumbled, incoherent mess of ad-libbed indulgences.
In a summer of terrible blockbusters, Land of the Lost's ability to distinguish itself as the worst of the bunch (so far) is almost commendable, given that its awfulness appears to have been achieved so effortlessly.
Just too random and silly to make any sense at all. Although there are a few laughs along the way
Be it dead serious, moronic racecar driver Ricky Bobby or idiotic, deadpan Ron Burgandy, Ferrell has managed to create quite the niche for himself as the honest, earnest moron.
Land of the Lost the movie is upbeat, pretty silly, but funny in enough portion to render it pleasant, with heavy reliance on the tongue-in-cheek art of understatement.
perhaps the movie isn't quite weird enough, so instead of seeming inspired in its dementedness, it just seems inept and desperate
If you hated the show, you'll hate this even more. If you loved it, prepare to find your precious childhood memories drenched (literally) in dinosaur pee.
The year's funniest moment may involve dino pee.
The technical quality [of the effects] has improved, but the inherent cheesiness of the saucer-eyed Sleestak remains intact.
This just might be one of the most confused, cluttered, and off-the-mark TV adaptations to ever hit the big screen.
There are countless mentions of feces and urine. A woman is fondled several times. The lead character mouths a two-word vulgarity to another character.
...too flawed to love unconditionally, while at the same time being too bizarre to hate.
The great irony of the new big-screen Land of the Lost adaptation is that the filmmakers have spent a reported $100 million to make a movie that looks like it cost $1.95. And you know what? In a weird kind of way, I actually appreciate that ethic
...[Will] Ferrell's talents don't extend to making something out of a nothing script.
Lost is putting it mildly.
A misbegotten project that immediately alienates kid-toting parents with shameless and incessant product plugs, surprisingly foul language and other inappropriate references...
The original was unbelievably cheesy in its special effects but more sophisticated in its concepts, employing real science-fiction writers to work up ideas. Will Ferrell and partners have succeeded in reversing those priorities in this spoof.
Land of the Lost probably looked hilarious in pre-production, but on the big screen, it only induces the odd chuckle.
A Will Ferrell comedy comes with certain expectations, and the latest Hollywood adaptation of a beloved TV show does not disappoint on that front. Whether fans of the original Krofft Brothers cult TV show will go along with it is another story.
A sure-fire candidate for one of the year's worse films.
Somewhere in a distant corner of the near infinite universe there must be a life form that finds Will Ferrell funny. Come and take him. Please.
I had a good, dumb time.
Saying it's slop is sort of like saying that entering a dank subway restroom at the height of the lunch rush hour is like wandering into a French perfumery. This baby stinks from start to finish.
Land Of The Lost is flimsy stuff, but in an appealing way. Its brainlessness and lightness of touch and ability to turn in a new direction in the blink of an eye keeps it ticking over and means it'd be churlish to say much bad about it.
I don't know why this ridiculous film works as well as it does. Possibly it has to do with Will Ferrell being fearless about making a complete idiot of himself that is just dumbfounding and eventually seductive.
The ideal viewer would be, I guess, a 5-year-old who still thinks dinosaurs and urine jokes are cool, but realizes they pale in comparison with breasts and gropings.
Nothing at all besides two funnymen and one disposable, objectified woman running from place to place, screaming a bit, joking about bodily functions, and running around a bit more.
Will Ferrell's latest movie fiasco is just one more nail in the coffin of his career
Caught in an unfunny netherworld between kid-oriented mainstream summer entertainment and a cheap-looking green-screened sort of surreality, it might have been a watchable, no, bearable movie had it just embraced one or the other fully.
The interesting thing, though, when you actually see "Land of the Lost," is that it ... essentially functions as a high-cost, high-gloss parody of itself.
Farrell and McBride are great together at times in this movie.
Danny McBride is funny in the movie, not nearly often enough.
The pathetic, witless state of modern film comedy and mass appeal. Even at this level, 'Land of the Lost' bores.
It's a little dismaying to hear a man as funny as Will Ferrell give forth with witless exclamations like "Captain Kirk's nipples!"
Defying space and time, we will see one of the worse films of this year.
This big screen re-invention of the hokey old saturday morning series is a passably silly summer guilty pleasure thanks to the antics of Will Ferrell and Danny McBride.
... one can't help but wonder if a more serious version wouldn't have been better... possibly even in the hands of someone like Terry Gilliam (Time Bandits anyone?)
Asks viewers to take off their thinking caps and put on their dunce hats. Comic rewards await for those who agree to do just that.
Embrace the inane wackiness that is Land of the Lost. Seriously, you need to chuck any rational thought and just let yourself enjoy this one %u2013 and don't feel ashamed about it.
Land of the Lost isn't a movie, it's an endurance test.
This seems like a good fit. A mediocre comedian featured in a parody of what some believe is the worst Saturday morning kiddie show in history.
You sit for long stretches where set pieces fail on every level and then laugh at a PG-13-skirting entendre or an strange reference or a rambling bit of improv from McBride
Unfortunately, the best moments are all on view in the various trailers and film clips available on the Internet, which makes the experience of watching the complete film somewhat disappointing.
The only positive thing I can say about Land of the Lost is that it's so bad perhaps it will put an end to the classic-TV-to-film machine.
... an aimless romp lost in the land of juvenile humor and missed opportunities.
It bears too much resemblance to the detritus jumbled across its frame: patchwork components trying vainly to form a cohesive whole.
Tiresome, repetitive and time-warped, the title says it all.
A big budget, limp comedic exercise in male adolescence.
Will Ferrell is a buzz kill to this innuendo-laced comedy that's unrelated to the television series it's ostensibly based on.
Land of the Lost makes a wise decision to never poke fun at its source material's campy flaws; instead it takes the best parts of the beloved series and puts a hilariously off-the-wall spin on it.
The reason this new picture works on occasion is precisely because it isn't a Will Ferrell movie; rather, it's a movie that just happens to star Will Ferrell.
The Will Ferrell Comedy Train might be out of steam.
In the interim, however, he makes us laugh now and then, and that is supposedly why we're there in the first place.
Maybe those lowered expectations played some part, but I was very, very surprised by the actual movie.
a dumb, fun amusement park ride, and it touched a certain level of childlike excitement in myself. I'm a little embarrassed to admit it, but I had a blast watching it.
It's a little more than half and half, definitely fun to watch with some memorable parts.
Even Will Ferrell can't save the repetitive, inane and uninspired humor from often falling flat.
It lives down to the source material.
Land of the Lost is if nothing else an interesting place to visit.
The movie is 90 minutes of bickering and blase under-reaction to outrageous events, interrupted by gross-out scraps such as Ferrell's run-in with an enormous mosquito, which ends with a tremendous amount of blood and guts.
This isn't the Land of the Lost you remember from childhood, but get on its antisocial wavelength and it's fitfully laugh-out-loud funny.
This is the worst adaptation of a classic kids TV show to the big screen since ...well, since last year's joyless movie Speed Racer. But Land raises the bar on joylessness.
Pity the unwitting parents who take their kids to see Land of the Lost, Will Ferrell's terminally stupid, sloppy, campy and cheesy -- and thoroughly unexciting and unfunny -- experiment in 'family entertainment.'
I hereby pronounce Land of the Lost the funniest dinosaur movie since Caveman.
It all amounts to a certain brand of comedy -- something closer to long-form Dada than conventional humor.
I'm pleased to report the new Land of the Lost movie keenly understands that what was once scary is now ridiculous.
When it comes to movies, there's good stupid and there's just plain stupid. Land of the Lost is just plain stupid, and that's not good.
Land of the Lost is harmless enough. It just isn't, with the exception of a few odd air pockets, particularly funny.
What next: The Banana Splits movie?
It's hard to say what audience Silberling had in mind. For the kids, there's a steady parade of dinosaurs, time-travel adventures and absent-minded- professor jokes. But there are no kids to identify with.
Always weird, sometimes aimless but occasionally really funny.
With his belligerent blankness and gawky aplomb, Ferrell has made me laugh as much as any comic of his generation, but he's not doing anything fresh in Land of the Lost.
Land of the Lost is an enjoyable regression to Saturday mornings gone by, as junky and sweet as a strawberry Pop-Tart.
Land of the Lost amounts to a $100 million bet that Will Ferrell's brand of sketch comedy can survive contact with the day-glo sludge Sid & Marty Krofft purveyed. And vice versa.
A spin-off of the '70s TV kids' show of the same name, it's far from a good movie, but it's also more enjoyable than this season's heavier or more pretentious misfires.
Land of the Lost seems more intent on being off-putting than being funny. Mission accomplished, I guess, but it's not entertaining. And whoever thought it would be must have been out of his gourd.
[The screenwriters] haven't given Ferrell a single witty line, which may explain why he seems to be so grimly going through the motions. The jokes aren't just worn out, they're clubbed to death.
This dramatically, thematically and artistically bankrupt comic fantasy cost something in the neighborhood of $100 million to make and isn't worth the celluloid it's printed on.
Land of the Lost is not completely terrible, and it moves briskly and safely, even though its more laugh-worthy bits have already been seen in endless commercials for the movie.
Parental Content Review
As long as you enjoy the actors involved, Land of the Lost will mostly deliver. If you don't, you'll vanish into an entertainment void all your own.
Surprisingly, the film actually delivers some great visuals, laughs and gives hope that Will Ferrell can be funny again. Rent it.
Land of the Lost will have kids asking if they can just go see Up again. Hopefully mom and dad have a little money left after blowing it on this.
About once a year, I like a film everyone else despises, a film so admittedly and indefensibly bad that I have no justification whatsoever for having enjoyed it. Last year it was The Love Guru. This year it is Land of the Lost.
More rudely silly than funny, action-comedy Land of the Lost is staged with colour and a fair amount of energy, but not much in the way of inventiveness or surprise.
The only discernible intention in Land of the Lost, the latest comedy starring Will Ferrell acting like Will Ferrell, seems to have been to take a slight idea and make the least of it in a very expensive way.
The only marginally interesting, if unsurprising, thing about Land of the Lost is that a lot of money has been spent on yet another cultural throwaway.
Will Ferrell and Danny McBride can find the dumb fun in anything. Too bad that Land of the Lost is so much less than anything.
Not exactly a hundred million dollars' worth of classic comedy.
The result is a giant mess, albeit one with about a dozen solid laughs.
Land of the Lost isn't the butt of the joke, Will Ferrell is, and we've seen this movie before.
There are a few funny-ish moments, but the filmmakers rely too much on self parody
All in all, Land of the Lost is big scale escapism, even if the escapism is wanting.
Ferrell plays Dr. Rick Marshall, Quantum Paleologist. Well, kinda. He's really just Will Ferrell, Guy Who Wears Speedos No Matter What Movie He's In.
A wildly bizarre and frequently hilarious adventure that appears to be whacked-out by design, not out of sloppiness.
A mostly funny bowl of Dumb with the nutritional equivalent of all those giant bowls of Froot Loops you ate while watching cartoons back in the day.
An oozing slice of stink from director Brad Silberling, writers Chris Henchy and Dennis McNicholas and star Will Ferrell.
The biggest disappointment of the summer movie season.
Two funny actors and a criminally underused actress tramp around an alternate reality in search of comedy but not finding much for us to laugh at.
Land of the Lost is only one hour and 36 minutes long, but it could easily be 15 minutes shorter without the scenes of Ferrell's meandering ad-libs.
An amusing and incredibly strange experience that might have you laughing at the ballsiness of pulling something as crazy as this off.
Land of the Lost becomes an endurance test -- one that's too borderline bawdy for families and too dull and rote for anyone over 15. Who, exactly, is the intended audience for this drivel?
Will Ferrell justifies his outsized fame in this surprisingly bizarre and dirty adaptation of the campy '70s TV time-travel classic.
This only intermittently amusing film isn't going to win over any new fans of the divisive Will Ferrell.
Why remake a property when the demographic you're aiming at would have almost no familiarity with the original? Wouldn't it be enough to just hire someone to write a movie with Will Ferrell and dinosaurs and be done with it?
Genially terrible, Lost is lazy, sloppy multiplex filler, good for a few solid giggles and not much more.
(T)he equivalent of a nonsexual succubus, slowly sucking out the audience's intellect with each succeeding scene.
It doesn't help that neither Ferrell nor McBride bring their best material, with McBride offering yet another variation on an angry redneck, and Ferrell falling back on Ron Burgundy-like bluster and nonsense exclamations.
A soulless special effects flick crossed with a tired gross-out comedy.
as much of a nonsensical head-scratcher as the source show.
Will Ferrell has officially used up my cache of good will...
This Land exists at the bottom of the pop-cultural barrel.
Not a children's movie, but a movie for people with childlike minds, Land of the Lost" combines the kind of juvenile humor that might amuse a 14-year-old with a shoddy plot that wouldn't satisfy a 5-year-old.
The movie races around to nowhere in particular, more concerned with rarely spectacular spectacle than a beating heart.
A pleasantly undistinguished pudding.
Audiences of a certain sort will be dumbstruck by how high the silliness gets piled; but whether or not you're puffin' stuff, you'll likely get lost in laughter.
It's not that Land of the Lost is devoid of humor or adventure... Ultimately, though, the film feels like a series of ideas thrown at the wall, with only some of them sticking.
Preteen boys and Ferrell followers will like it fine. Wider audiences might be harder to impress.
On the Ferrell scale, Land of the Lost ranks squarely below Anchorman and leagues above Semi-Pro, landing right in that murky middle-ground Talladega Nights territory. Let your tolerance level for the comedian be your guide. If
Land of the Lost is, unfortunately, a perfect example of studio bloat: It's all noise and flash and chaos, but it lacks virtually everything that made the original television series so memorable.
[M]erely a cynical attempt to mine some cash from one of the few remnants of Generation X's collective childhood that has yet to be picked over for the sake of nostalgia...
An aggressively weird, suitably uneven and decidedly un-kid-friendly keg-stand of nostalgia for those unable to scrub the fever-dream of a series from their memories.
Confronted with such effects, the actors make not the slightest effort to appear terrified, amazed or sometimes even mildly concerned. Some might consider that a weakness. I suspect it is more of a deliberate choice, and I say I enjoyed it.
Still boring, senseless and something no one should be proud of.
Lame sketch comedy, an uninspired performance from Will Ferrell and an overall failure of the imagination turn Brad Silberling's Land of the Lost into a lethargic meander through a wilderness of misfiring gags.
Dull, unfunny, and completely unsuitable for viewing by anyone who isn't a charter member of the Will Farrell fan club.
Tonally inconsistent, incoherently plotted and almost never funny.
We're in Howard the Duck and Pluto Nash territory here...so awful that watching all forty-three episodes of the original without a break would be less painful.
Director Silberberg should have known better than to go with this draft by TV writers Chris Henchy and Dennis McNicholas, an "SNL" shtick-meister.
Director Brad Silberling can't seem to decide whether he's making fun of the show's cheesy visuals or seizing on its sense of roughhewn adventure.
McBride and Ferrell, who seems content to spin his wheels in vehicles that indulge his passion for stripping and dumbing down, are gifted performers. Here, they are given little to work with, and deliver accordingly.
Modernizing a 1970s children's TV show known for its cheap special effects offered certain possibilities, but the filmmakers have traded in any kid-friendly elements for bathroom humor of dinosaur-sized proportions.
Land of the Lost has stray amusing  tidbits, but overall it leaves you feeling splattered.
Many of the bits are far too adult for children, yet no adult with a brain bigger than a walnut -- inside joke the filmmakers evidently thought was hilarious -- would find the story the least bit compelling.
Stupid on an epic scale or epic on a stupid one, Land of the Lost is as close as Will Ferrell comes these days to a 'kid friendly' movie.
Land of the Lost sheds its TV-formula origins as a 1970s network series and becomes glib fun.
Boasts a lewd monkey man fond of fondling human private parts without permission, apparently not a felony in prehistoric times, boob sign language chuckles, Tyrannosaurus tongue baths, and moments of humor that seem to arrive centuries apart.
Land of the Lost is halfway toward amusing, which means it's just as close to awful.
Whatever it was these filmmakers were hoping to achieve, I very much doubt the reaction they were looking for was "weird".
Would that a time machine actually existed that could somehow restore the 106 minutes spent watching Land of the Lost.
There should be criminal penalties for wasting $100 million on a movie this dreadful. Abandon hope, all ye who enter.
The movie's abbreviated title is LOL, which is ironic since Ferrell offers hardly a smile, much less laughter out loud.










@highlight

Only loosely based on the original TV series, Land of the Lost is decidedly less kid-friendly and feels more like a series of inconsistent sketches than a cohesive adventure comedy.