...another strong drama from a seriously underrated filmmaker.
They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, but it can make for some awfully dull films. The line between inspiration and imitation is fine crossed repeatedly. Pride and Glory isn't the worst offender, just the latest.
No button remains unpushed, no shred of scenery remains unshredded and no F-bomb remains unuttered.
Pride and Glory doesn't add anything to the generic crooked-cop procedural that we haven't seen with more verve in better movies.
This predictable police corruption story with an A-list cast explores themes of family and honesty as two cop brothers uncover the dirt on their brother-in-law's violent activity, while senior cop Dad tries to keep things under control.
Uma pena que o filme jamais consiga escapar realmente do lugar comum, implodindo de vez em seu terrível terceiro ato.
Hard to watch, hard to listen to and hard to follow.
The actors in Pride and Glory do their best with this cliched material, but the film is so grim, ugly and miserable that it's difficult to sympathise with even the most positive characters.
I thought this film was a mess.
As a drama, Pride and Glory is too glum, and worse, it doesn't convince.
Director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor is the son of a former New York policeman, and displays a strong grasp of the familial and fraternal ties that bind his characters together.
While its kinetic appeal does have a numbing - if temporary effect - on your critical faculties, television has been much more successful in claiming this territory as its own.
Relentlessly dour, filled with unsympathetic characters, and made out of cardboard melodrama. It's the last of those sins that is unforgivable. [Blu-ray]
It's predictable, it's also escapist entertainment.
...only skims the surface of its characters and offers nothing new in the way of corrupt law enforcement.
Elevated by superb performances, led by Edward Norton and a very chilling Colin Farrell.
What's especially lamentable is that this movie strands yet another exemplary turn by Edward Norton, who once again is superior to the material surrounding him.
What it lacks in subtlety and intelligence it makes up in violence, brutishness, and hackneyed story lines. These are qualities best enjoyed at home.
Pride and Glory is a bleak, boring and hopelessly familiar corrupt cop story that simply does not work despite the determined, top-of-their-game efforts of O'Connor and Norton, not to mention Colin Farrell, Jon Voight and others.
A well-acted and tightly structured piece that would be more impactful if there weren't a feeling that we've seen it before.
Bloody, violent and increasingly derivative, 'Pride and Glory' betrays its initial promise as a small-scale, 'Godfather'-esque social tapestry with crude plotting, variable acting and an all-too-guessable storyline and conclusion.
Solid yet unremarkable, Pride And Glory will never win points for originality. With committed turns from Norton and Farrell, it does enough - just - to keep you interested. But this is one film that neither covers itself in pride or glory.
the decision to film Farrell and Norton climactically duking it out in a bar called Irish Eyes with diddle-di-deedle-di music playing on the jukebox is almost unforgiveable.
A detonation of flatulent, macho-sentimental gibberish is what this ugly and violent film positively farts out of the screen at you.
But once the two of them fall to fisticuffs, the movie has revealed itself as a lumpy and generic business.
But, hackneyed, unconvincing and ultimately preposterous, Pride and Glory should be made to hand in its badge.
It doesn't quite pack the wallop that O'Connor intended, a daft fight near the end may evoke laughs and it probably won't be storming the Academy, but don't be shocked if you enjoy this as much as Marty's Oscar victor.
Here's an excruciatingly dated and derivative New York cop movie.
After similar but much better fare such as Martin Scorsese's The Departed and The Wire TV series, we've come to expect an awful lot from our bent copper dramas and, while satisfactory, Pride And Glory just isn't in the same league.
When Noah Emmerich, who plays Tierney's NYPD brother, said "this s*** ends now", the Sneak thought "glory be" - only for the story to drag on for another 20 minutes.
Pride and Glory is NYPD cop hokum, overcooked and undercharacterised. The time is out of joint, but in films such as this another joint is always to hand: ham.
This bad-apple cop drama is the kind of movie that Sidney Lumet used to make in the Seventies and Eighties, and it hasn't evolved a great deal since.
Credible scenes alternate with cliché-ridden ones and, while Norton is excellent, Farrell looks ready to cringe at his dialogue.
However skilful Gavin O'Connor is as a film-maker - and there are some striking sequences here - we've seen this corrupt cop thriller a hundred times before.
Watchable cop thriller with strong performances and suitably gritty direction, but the climax gets bogged down in some embarrassingly awful cliches.
If cop movie cliches are a crime against cinema, Pride and Glory should be under arrest.
Christmas is definitely cancelled in this over-acted, over-here movie. Presumably the tinsel was CGI'd in to complement the season of its release.
passionate performances in a story that is a series of letter-perfect clichés
Loud...
A dramatic, tense story of mixed loyalties in an NYPD family with standout performances by Norton, Farrell, Voight, Emmerich, and Ehle.
...a good film that could have been great.
A well-crafted and sharply plotted version of the genre.
Relentlessly grim, appropriately abrasive and beautifully filmed, "Pride and Glory" recalls Sidney Lumet's heyday. It proves there's still meat left on the bones of bad-cop thrillers, but it wisely doesn't offer a Handi-Wipe after its final course.
It's a tale you've seen a good 100 times before, and if only 85 of those 100 are actually better than Pride and Glory, the other 15 aren't any worse.
I'm not sure how many times the F bomb gets dropped, but it's more than you'll hear it in the average R-rated drama.
Pride and Glory: Cops arrested by cliches.
Hokum.
Run of the mill cop drama elevated only by the acting of the supporting cast - Jennifer Ehle is heartbreaking
It's yet another movie about familial strife in the New York City Police Department. If you think you've seen it all before, you have.
Norton and Farrell are both too good to have been shortchanged by this been-there-done-that script.
That noise you hear is the soundtrack of We Own the Night, which is playing next door in the multiplex of your memory. Yes, there are undeniable similarities between the two pictures.
Pride And Glory is anything but. And though rife with brutality and cynicism way too over the top to make sense of it all, the journey there stings with a raw and devastating emotional power. Abu Graib in Washington Heights meets Godfather in blue.
A multigenerational police family is torn apart by greed and violence.
Mature crooked-cop drama is no Departed.
Serpico joins the Fight Club!
The cops in Pride and Glory are real, and except for the violent gunplay and occasional drug use (requisites for every stereotypical New York cop flick), they live regular, complicated lives just like everyone else. And it's a pleasure to see that other s
By the time Eladio (Rick Gonzalez) makes his single-scene appearance in Pride and Glory, the fate of his adversary has been exhaustively telegraphed.
It's smooth and competently crafted, an efficient thriller punctuated by startling bursts of violence and nuanced performances from Norton, whose tough-cop routine masks a sort of cerebral tenderness, and the ever-reliable Noah Emmerich.
Despite it's many tries, the film fails to establish any kind of family chemistry and thus fails to make the audience care about it's characters.
The film is trash, and it's fittingly shot in the hues of a corpse.
...some fine acting and a lot of gritty realism that make this film...feel like it bubbled up from the Brooklyn/Bronx neighborhoods where it is set.
with all this talent, these folks managed to make a movie that is about as appealing as two-week-old mayonnaise slathered on a cow patty
Completely falls apart during its over-the-top ridiculously violent climax.
Overlong, overwrought, and overbearing at times, Pride and Glory is all 'boys in blue' bluster masquerading as an amped up A-list thriller.
Despite the solid performances, it's a misery-laden, all-too-conventional corrupt cop story.
It finds real pride and glory in its superb cast.
Ultimately your ability to find any entertainment in Pride and Glory will depend on your craving for clichéd cop dramas.
Plays like The Departed grafted onto the CliffsNotes version of The Wire by a computer program that added the word 'f---ing' to every other line of dialogue.
This is the first time (Edward) Norton and (Colin) Farrell have shared a movie screen. It would be a crime for it to be the last.
Pride and Glory is full of interesting little grace notes, and the cast is excellent, yet it grows more and more frustrating. It has everything going for it except a story that doesn't send the audience out miles ahead of the plot developments.
An efficient if overwrought addition to the evergreen movie tradition of boys in blue behaving very, very badly.
The movie sets itself apart from the usual run of cop flicks in its emotional details.
focuses more on the family ties sub-plot, which is the weakest part of Pride and Glory (and if you don't have Michael J. Fox in the movie, those family ties just aren't as interesting).
stitched together with a thick emotional fabric that is weaved by the excellent cast
There are raw, naked spots that will have you gripping your seat and biting your lip. You may even have to remind yourself to breathe.
Pride's only saving grace is Edward Norton, whose mere presence raises the level of a film several notches. But it's unclear why he lately has chosen such worn-out material.
Pride and Glory would be a pretty cool movie if it were made in 1982.
There's nothing really wrong with Pride and Glory, apart from an excessive degree of brutality, but there's nothing terribly revelatory about it either.
Pride and Glory, despite a subtle performance from Norton and some vivid action scenes, is just not that special.
An unexceptional police drama that doesn't live up to its high ambition, Pride and Glory feels like a television cop show that made it through one season before disappearing.
Pride and Glory is more than just lousy; it's an amalgam of every bad tendency of the current cinema, stitched together into a single 125-minute monstrosity of a cop movie.
What makes the characters in Pride and Glory real -- and raises the movie above the standard corrupt-cop fare -- is their capacity to live and die in shades of gray.
Like We Own the Night before it, Pride and Glory is the most depressing sort of not-that-great movie because it really wants to be an epic drama and a serious actor showcase, but it just can't close the deal.
Just as the title itself doesn't give us enough, Pride and Glory needed to plumb deeper in order to rise above the business-as-usual cop family drama.
It's bearable for two acts, but eventually sensation overtakes sense.
Pride and Glory, directed by Gavin O'Connor, plods across familiar ground. It's yet another movie about the fraternal disorder of the police.
When the writers went to the Dialogue Store, it must have been closed because they loaded their cart from whatever they found in the Dumpster out back.
The dirty-cop drama Pride and Glory overshoots the mark by spinning its implausible, hyperviolent tale around too tight a family circle.
A gritty thriller in the bloodline of Sidney Lumet's compelling New York City cop stories Serpico, Prince of the City and Dog Day Afternoon, it also offers deeper meaning for anyone willing to look for it.
While that may seem too many references for one film to make sense of, or too lofty a group of variables to do justice to, [director] O'Connor manages to craft a foundation sturdy enough to support their weight.
The climactic turn of events beg credulity to the point they become downright laughable, the unintentional idiocy of it causing me to sit there with my mouth agape in utter disbelieving shock.
Even the weakest episode of TV's The Shield owns Pride and Glory outright: This is the kind of movie so relentlessly derivative, you can figure out the turns and surprises awaiting in the script just five minutes into the story.
The plot itself isn't all that new. Family, corrupt cops... you know the drill. But it's done well, and for me, that's all that matters.
A plodding, formulaic police drama bathed in bluish light, Pride and Glory displays very little of either.
Fundamentally modest cop movie eventually crashes under weight of self-importance.
Pride and Glory is a solid if unimaginative addition to a cop genre becoming increasingly devoid of originality.
Pride and Glory breaks no new ground in its ruminations on fathers and sons and the bonds of the NYPD, but it treads well-marked territory with energy and refuses to pull its punches or indulge in cheap sentiment or emotional gimmickry.
The movie has a handful of worthwhile scenes, but it's lacking in anything new or fresh.
Granted, the opening scenes are a shaky-cam chaos. Mawkishness and bleating illogic plague the endgame. But I might have forgiven even that had the remainder of the movie not been ruined in the trailer.
A top-notch cast including Edward Norton, Colin Farrell and Jon Voight really get the job done, with spare, tough/tender performances that rank among their best work.
A talented cast and moments of brutal violence can't dislodge a sense of ho-hum predictability in Pride and Glory.
A gritty aesthetic and clearheaded storytelling elevate this conventional plot into an engrossing drama.
Not that the movie's a knockout by any means. But it does bring enough integrity, good acting and old-fashioned mean street snarl to the formula to show it can still work.
Well-paced, well-acted, Pride and Glory is much richer than routine.
Director Gavin O'Connor and co-screenwriter Joe Carnahan take a perfectly fine B-movie premise and slow it down to an A-movie pace; in the process, they remove the juice that keeps a story like this honest.
The bristling New York cop movie Pride and Glory boasts more than A+ street smarts. It overflows with a combustible blend of street sensitivity and testosterone.
To paraphrase Yogi Berra, "Pride and Glory" is deja vu all over again.
We've seen this movie about corrupt cops and the families they take down a thousand times before, but rarely has it been so bafflingly inept in its execution.
this is the kind of ridiculously routine by-the-number police procedural that is available on TV for free every week and the sight of such talented actors following in lockstep to such a familiar narrative is almost too depressing to comprehend.
Parental Content Review
There's nothing wrong with a gritty cop drama, so long as it has something to offer besides grit.
Pride and Glory is your standard dirty cop movie with Edward Norton pulling off a great performance while Colin Farrell completely over acts.
Over-used clichés like a slow-motion funeral procession in the snow and over-used dialogue like "You got no idea what it takes to do what we do." Now that's a crime.
[Gavin] O'Connor never captures the edge of danger, anger and moral stands being ground up in compromise.
Pride and Glory remains gripping despite offering little more than what you can catch on the latest CSI. But if you prefer your escapism bleak, here's pay dirt.
Pride and Glory definitely stirs up some drama. But the script doesn't serve the drama well.
The moral decay of movies as evidenced by increased and wholly gratuitous violence against children finds a logical, sorry bottom in Pride and Glory.
Pride and Glory would be risible if it weren't so reprehensible.
Whatever points Pride and Glory was trying to make have been buried beneath layers of clumsy, good-vs.-bad posturings and peppered with R-rated language that's clearly supposed to remind us of films like The Departed.
Pride And Glory would have felt second-hand and overly familiar even if it were greenlit in 1937 as a vehicle for Humphrey Bogart and Edward G. Robinson.
May be mediocre for its first 100 minutes, but it falls completely apart in a climax that is overwrought, silly, and damagingly misdirected.
A superlative demonstration of a brotherhood-of-the-badge stranglehold, rooting itself in outstanding character composition to alleviate the worry of cliché. It's a wonderfully compelling drama, bruised to near-perfection.
Dull, predictable, ugly, filled with bad or lackluster performances, contains objectionable racial material and just generally lacking in anything worthwhile. One of the worst movies of the year.
So eager to be firm that it goes totally soft, like a hard-boiled egg left in the pot too long.
Pride and Glory lacks the right stuff to pierce the thin blue line.
Intelligently directed, beautifully shot (by Declan Quinn) and takes what has come to be an unorthodox approach to the writing of screenplays: It assumes the audience isn't made up of idiots.
It follows the well-worn pathways of countless police dramas before it.
Everything about the dirty cop thriller Pride and Glory is formulaic and forgettable, even down to its generic title.
Ostensibly about a steadily imploding Irish-cop family in New York, Pride and Glory sizzles with a subversive subtext that questions blind loyalty to institutions, from the White House to Wall Street, that keep selling us out.
A slightly faster pace, a better ending, and a few twists we haven't seen time and time again would have made Pride and Glory a must-see.
There's nothing new about the film, including its basic problem: a cast of talented actors cut off at the knees by stilted, cliched writing.
...exists on a more realistic plane than something like Lethal Weapon or Rush Hour. Watching it, you feel like you're walking a cop's beat.
Dark, violent and unfocused New York City police drama of two detective brothers, their uniformed brother-in-law, and the price of loyalty in the face of homicidal corruption.
Constructed almost entirely out of cop-drama clichés.
If only the script was a little tighter, this could have been a classic.
one of those workmanlike films that does everything well, but never really transcends the material
A crime drama about a family of cops discovering corruption in its ranks--co-written, directed and produced by two sons of cops. You're bound to come up with something very muscular, even if it's entirely derivative.
Grim, abrasive, and hard to watch, full of swaggering men shouting at each other like high school drama students who have just learned how to be vulgar.
It wants to be different; yet, in the end, the elements that separate this police corruption film from those with similar themes and subjects are those that derail the climax and send this freight train careening out of control.
What we're left with isn't an embarrassment, but isn't anything for this proud cast to glory in, either.
A tightly acted and emotionally bruising corrupt-cop family drama that feels like the kind of serious, slow-burn NYPD movie nobody -- not even Lumet -- makes anymore.
Sometimes the writing gets too outrageous, as if O'Connor and Carnahan are trying too hard to top themselves. Look out for the scene with the baby and the iron, which is a nice time to run off to the bathroom.
How ironic that a movie filled with police officers should end up feeling like a hostage situation.
Pride and Glory's commentary on law enforcement vice and decency is far less immediate and realistic than its gritty aesthetic and tone would have one believe.
As hard as it must have been to screw up a Joe Carnahan script, the fact that Gavin O'Connor is no Martin Scorsese or Michael Mann is blatantly obvious from this weak effort.
Covers territory that would be familiar even if We Own the Night hadn't taken us there just a year ago, to equally boring effect.
The action scenes provide their own appropriate thrill. There's no telling why anyone thought this movie was necessary to make, but now that it's here, we may as well enjoy it for what it is.
There may not be much new about director Gavin O'Connor's cop-corruption drama, but it's packed with enough gritty action and unflinching violence to keep things interesting.
Pride and Glory works better as an actors' showcase than it does as a well-worn genre thriller.
The real mystery is not whether there's corruption in the NYPD (that's revealed quickly), but what made the gifted Farrell, Voight and Norton appear in utterly formulaic policier about torn loyalties.
Pride and Glory's commercial setbacks will likely originate from its all-too-familiar storytelling.
A familiar but taut thriller sparked by a quartet of committed lead performances and the visual acrobatics of stealth camera ace Declan Quinn.
A middling film, an overwrought and occasionally laughable corrupt cop drama that you've seen countless times.



@highlight

Formulaic in its plotting and cliched in its dialogue, Pride and Glory does little to distinguish itself from other police procedurals.