Warm Bodies is simply the first must-see movie of 2013.
Warm Bodies achieves a heartfelt ebullience that's inspiring, and for a movie about the undead watching this made me feel as alive as anything I've seen in ages.
The pallid, flesh-eating hunk in this case is played with appropriate weirdo charm by Nicholas Hoult.
At its most stylish, the picture is worth taking in - the music video vibe overwhelms at times - but then it snaps out of its trance with nothing in particular to say.
I liked it better than Zombieland, if you're lookimg for something in a similar wheelhouse.
To truly appreciate this zombie Romeo & Juliet you either go all the way with it or not at all.
It's a toss-up which genre more needs the adrenaline boost Warm Bodies provides: the zombie movie or the romantic comedy.
Warm Bodies proves a movie can have a lot of heart even when the heart of one of the characters isn't beating.
Warm Bodies is an ingenious hybrid that, at its best, manages to be funny, lyrical and gruesome.
The film does win you over. This is largely in part to its pair of young actors, Hoult and Palmer, who and have a great deal of chemistry and inject a zip and a fizz into all of their scenes.
Warm Bodies goes straight on to my guilty-pleasures list.
Let's be clear: This is a popcorn flick. The CGI effects are laughable, and it takes a while to adjust to the willfully cheeseball tone, but once it clicks, it's irresistible. In this world, all you need is love. And sometimes a shotgun.
It's not gruesome enough to please genre fans, but not nearly funny enough to be a comedy either. It tries to be a mixture of both and fails.
A muddled teenpic.
This is such a well-written, well-acted, and well-paced film with a great payoff at the end that it proves that "adorable" and "zombie movie" are capable of coexisting together.
mixes a unique style with a talented young cast to create a grizzly but likeable treat
A strong ending can hide a multitude of sins, and Warm Bodies is perhaps the only zombie movie I've seen that sent me out of the theater feeling happy
A surprisingly-funny zombie film boasting a killer soundtrack and a great script.
It's a zombie movie that's the opposite of a zombie movie, which is a reason to sorta love it.
I imagine if Taylor Swift made horror movies, "Warm Bodies" would be one of her creations.
while Levine's film may distinguish itself both as genre flick and romance, there are problems in its writing that no amount of unnatural love can quite cure.
This is a love story, done with charm, humor, and tenderness.
Warm Bodies is a charming, fresh and always funny "zom-com" with a lot of heart, thanks to director Jonathan Levine's ability to explore love in the most unexpected of places.
As one might expect from a zombie romance, the film doesn't pack a lot of big ideas. Still, the concept is original, and watching it unfold is loads of fun.
A reasonably diverting blend of horror, comedy and romance
It may be no more than a post-modern update on Beauty and the Beast, but in its success we can see a whole new way of turning the walking dead into something beyond the scary
It starts bold and finishes timid and tepid, unable to do justice to its conceit.
...an erratic yet passable entry in the teen-romance genre.
A wildly imaginative redressing of 'Romeo and Juliet' in stylish zombie clothing.
Don't think too hard, just enjoy a zombie movie with a twist to go with its 'Walking Dead' charm.
Not too horrific, despite a few early attacks and munchings, this is worth it for the music, the genre joking, Palmer's cool performance and Hoult's committed turn as 'R', easily the sweetest zombie in all cinema.
A fun mashing of genres that joins the spate of recent films that recasts traditional movie ghouls as misunderstood outsiders. Seems that even the Undead need love.
To call this an unlikely love story is an understatement, but it is precisely this level of weirdness that makes the romance between R and Julia so surprisingly touching.
With more romantic mushiness than the brain-chomping kind.
My zombie boyfriend.
If you love the un-dead humour of Zombieland and Shaun of the Dead, but want an Edward Scissorhands-meets-Romeo and Juliet style romance on the side - then this is the film for you.
Sometimes feels like the script doesn't quite know where it's going but has plenty of fun getting there.
...the film's horror element is hamstrung by its bloodless rating, so the filmmakers often focus on the immaculate cheekbones of their leads...
While Warm Bodies is more slanted towards comedy and romance rather than horror, it remains true to the zombie genre while pushing it in an unexpected direction.
It's your classic tale of 'boy meets girl, boy tries not to eat girl'.
An occasionally funny romantic zombie comedy (or rom-zom-com) that offers a fresh twist on Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.
Most disturbingly, defence against the dead people is guns; the fact that this is common silliness in zombie movies doesn't make it any better ... It reconfirms the gun-obsession that grips America; they even shoot dead people
Trying valiantly to replicate the charm of the enigmatic Twilight romance in a zombie reality, this adaptation stiffens like a corpse thanks to its silly script, and sadly neither Teresa Palmer or Nicholas Hoult are any match for Bela and Edward
Not a particularly substantial film, but a charming, lovable one.
Takes the notion of zombie meets girl an turns it into something that's so crazy that it works
A funky, fresh tale of adolescent self-doubt and blossoming love funneled through the prism of post-apocalyptic zombiedom, Warm Bodies conjures a lovely, commingled tone of wistfulness and witticism.
I somehow think this "sensitive parable" took a little too much from Scott Pilgrim.
The movie doesn't stand out much in memory - nothing in it really pops - but it's enjoyable while it lasts.
...smart, funny, knowing remix of zombie tropes, post-Twilight self-awareness, and youthful yearning for a vague past where, clearly, everything was better. It's a disarming jolt of February awesomeness and the only Valentine's Day movie you need to see.
Despite its stumbling storyline, lack of logic and sparse comedy, this ZomRomCom has a beating romantic heart.
A canny reproach to the insufferable "Twilight" franchise, "Warm Bodies" is almost certainly the sweetest zombie movie ever made. Brain-munching and tender longing make a nice match.
The film has just enough gooey charm to make up for its infelicitous turns.
Warm Bodies is a whoppingly insignificant zombie rom-com clearly aimed at scraping up any cash the horror-lite crowd hasn't already blown on Twilight.
( ... ) think of it not as a zombie horror movie, but more of a sweet-natured reinterpretation of the romantic comedy genre... with added flesh creeps.
The zombie genre has been done to, well, death but this has some originality and funny lines, as well as clever make-up.
[C]ontent[s] itself with the mildest of tweaks at both the zombie and the romantic-comedy genres...
Warm Bodies has such a sweet and quirky spirit that it's a shame the movie isn't better. Unfortunately, Jonathan Levine fails to sustain the story's premise and the narrative pace gets stuck at a zombie shuffle.
It's all rather endearing.
Adds welcome doses of romance (yes, really) and humor to the zombie genre. Nicholas Hoult gives his most endearing performance to date.
A novel take on the Beauty and the Beast story but this time the beast is a zombie.
An inventive and witty twist on the concept of star-crossed lovers the picture is a stylish blend of love story, horror and comedy, engagingly performed by the leads.
Sharp, original and exceptionally funny without sacrificing emotional engagement for cheap laughs, Warm Bodies is a substantial step above most zombie films.
Based on the popular novel by Isaac Marion, writer-director Jonathan Levine's film presupposes that zombies can be humanised by love if the call of romance arrives.
Derided pre-release as a zomromcom 'Twilight' wannabe, the movie in fact revivifies a tired, dare we say dead genre, returning it to its Romero roots: It works best as a screwball social and cultural satire.
thick with postmodern humor and knowing irony, but it never comes at the expense of R and his gradual shift from zombie to the possibility of being human again
Surprise, surprise: Warm Bodies is not an abysmal Twilight-esque nightmare. It's sweet, at times perfectly droll, but ultimately very uneven.
A credible zombie flick that is also sweet and adorable.
Warm Bodies has enjoyable moments, some funny lines and a central idea that works for about 20 minutes.
Warm Bodies is a film for "young adults" of many ages.
This offbeat romcom about a girl who falls in love with a freshly dead, unusually amenable zombie is smart, entertaining stuff.
Levine, whose script is based on a novel by Isaac Marion, plays the absurd concept poker-straight and allows humour and tenderness to bubble up through the on-screen relationships, much as he did in The Wackness (2008) and 50/50 (2011).
Thrown together and laughably bloodless, its only reason for existing seems to be to cash in on a tween obsession with the romantic entanglements of the semi-living.
Starting with the least meet-cute encounter ever, Warm Bodies injects much-needed life into a genre crushed to a sugary pulp under the juggernaut of Nicholas Sparks.
A charmer, but genre purists will likely hate its guts.
Jonathan Levine's horror rom-com gives the walking corpse genre a Twilight twist ...
Inventive and frequently very funny zomcom with a sharp script and a pair of terrific performances from Nicholas Hoult and Teresa Palmer, although zombie movie fans might feel a little cheated in the gore department.
A romantic comedy with zombies that has only sputtering comedy that is mostly undersold by its cast, and zombies that never entirely make sense or feel like a credible threat.
It's all very silly and sweet in that indie-nostalgic way that Levine ('The Wackness' and '50/50') has made his own.
As a mild diversion that won't bother either person on a date, one could do far worse.
This is Hoult's show, and he steals it admirably, slowly evolving from a shambolic, monosyllabic shuffler to a reliable love interest with enough physical dexterity to kiss the girl.
A whimsical, charming love story.
Working from Isaac Marion's novel, writer-director Jonathan Levine bends the rules to make the story work and softens the violence, too, but it's still a witty reinvention of the genre like Shaun of the Dead before it.
A very funny and surprisingly sweet mash-up of a zombie action film and Romeo & Juliet. It's a bit like a Twilight movie but with better effects and a smarter script. And weirdly, a lot less moping.
The funniest films in the zombie genre are still 'Zombieland' and 'Shaun of the Dead' but this one is not far behind those two. It is an effective romantic comedy.
Unlike much of early 2013's dead-on-arrival movie fare, this picture has a pulse, and a brain, and a heart that beats strong.
It's a little film that isn't exactly memorable, but it's a match strike of fresh individuality in a 2013 movie year that desperately needed a spark.
... breezy and lightweight, but it offers a non-traditional combination of zombie thriller and love story that should satisfy fans of both genres.
Hoult and Palmer provide engaging performances and keep things watchable and Levine's soundtrack is admittedly cool. But overall Warm Bodies struggles to convince.
It's likeable enough, and with more teeth than its vampire counterparts in Twilight.
A Frankenstein's monster of comedy, romance and horror that's less than its parts, Warm Bodies entertains but underwhelms.
Somewhere between the pop-culture deconstruction of Zombieland and the skewed romance of (500) Days Of Summer, this manages to make the apocalypse seem charming. Warm is the right word.
Warm Bodies doesn't even have the conviction to follow through on its lame ideas, let alone its good ones. It's a mostly terrible film that misses the opportunity to be a merely mediocre one.
Hoult has a blend of sweetness and vulnerability that gives R more depth than the average zombie...with much of his performance in his limpid, expressive eyes.
R's concerns about how he appears to Julie are only a slightly amplified version of what we all go through when we meet someone who inspires to be on our best behavior.
This is a bloody fresh twist on the zombie genre.
It kind of reminded me of Twilight, if that movie had an engaging cast, intelligent script, coherent story, and didn't make me want to eat a bullet.
Warm Bodies is a funnier and pleasantly cheaper-grade movie than Twilight that aims to draw in both Bella & Edward lovers and haters.
Witless, lackluster and uneven despite a charismatic performance by Nicholas Hoult.
The creative production design and earnest script go a long way in elevating so modest a work.
Even after we thought the genre was exhausted with 28 Days Later ... and then Shaun of the Dead ... and then Zombieland ... and then some ... here we find fresh blood pumped into the format with Warm Bodies.
Warm Bodies even suggests that true love can help the right zombie grow a new heart. That's a con job that makes Bodies lukewarm at best.
An oddball romantic farce that takes place in a horror movie world. Weird, earnest, and rather affable.
Screenwriter-director Jonathan Levine has an uncanny gift for milking comedy and even romance from unlikely places.
Combining Shakespeare and zombies creates the expectation that the text will be treated with some irreverence, but to a baffling degree Warm Bodies is played mostly straight.
I never thought I'd use the word "sweet" to describe a zombie flick, but that's exactly what Warm Bodies is.
With Warm Bodies, zombie fans finally have a film that their romantic-comedy-loving partners can sit through easily and that they can enjoy together.
Featuring an inept use of on-the-nose music over an insipid narrative that poses as satire, "Warm Bodies" should be taught in film schools for its cornucopia of mistakes that filmmakers should avoid at all costs.
A misunderstood zombie falls in love in a genre mash-up that's surprisingly sweet and funny.
Though R's mind is nimble in (very witty) voiceover, out loud he can only express himself in a series of groans and grumbles--as touching a metaphor for love-struck adolescence as we may see at the movies this year.
"Warm Bodies" is a delightfully amusing insight into the human experience.
This film is funny, exciting and fresh, and the strength of its two lead actors is substantial.
"Warm Bodies" sounds a lot better in theory than it turns out to be in practice.
Warm Bodies moves at a steady pace and includes enough charming moments to keep the film alive (even if the romance is just undead).
"Warm Bodies" is charming, funny and a little gross. It's got something for everyone. It's not too scary for those inclined to stay away from horror films.
Romance with a capital R ensues, love conquers all and so on and so forth. It's clichéd (yet makes fun of itself in the process) but cute.
Warm Bodies is a love story set against the backdrop of a bleak future world...but ultimately it offers a ray of hope.
Good luck ascribing a clear satirical agenda to Jonathan Levine's tonally uneven zomcom, which suffers an identity crisis nearly as severe as its protagonist's.
This strangely sentimental twist on the classic 'Romeo and Juliet' tale becomes a charming, paranormal romantic comedy about fantastical, forbidden love.
Warm Bodies successfully unearths the "human" in budding relationships - and does it with the not-quite-human.
There are so many clever lines and bits of physical comedy worth revisiting that the movie seems like a likely cult classic, but it's more inclusive than that.
Formulaic in some ways and totally fresh in others
'Warm Bodies' has a lot of fun playing with all of these conventions and the result is a clever, endearing little film that is much better than you would expect it to be.
'Warm Bodies' is beautifully shot, features relatable characters, and a carries a romance that the viewer may actually connect with.
It bravely reverses the polarity of an increasingly grim genre.
Are you, at least those of you not sick to, uh, death of the undead, ready for the 'Romeo and Juliet' of zombie movies?
In a genre that's grown so exhausted - what are we, up to "Night of the Resident Evil Dead Part 23" by now? - "Warm Bodies" not only brings in some fresh blood, but has brains to spare.
"Warm Bodies" doesn't break any new ground or change the face of zombie cinema. It's just a fun, hokey love story... with a bite. A perfect date film, you know, for those who love to love zombies.
We're left with a setup that guarantees only 15 minutes of wholehearted enjoyment, followed by 80 minutes of intermittent mild amusement.
A good-natured romantic zombie comedy that plays like a tamer version of The Twilight Saga.
You'd have to be a zombie not to enjoy it.
Fans of "The Walking Dead" can keep moving; there's nothing to see here.
"Twilight" fans looking for the next supernatural teen romance might be bummed out that the film's romantic hero, although a cutie, has a little brain matter caught between his teeth.
Not only did Warm Bodies fail to convince me of its central conceit, but the movie's general depiction of zombie life is shoddy, inconsistent and often downright dumb.
For all the ill-fitting elements and plot holes, 'Warm Bodies' pulls everything together with a cheery spirit and a sense of - dare I say it? - heart.
... Not the stale "Twilight"-with-zombies movie you might think it is. It plays up the comedy of its absurd scenario without completely ignoring the decades of living dead lore preceding it.
What the Twilight films might have been if the Twilight films didn't, you know, suck.
The film never quite manages to match the fun, humor and creativity of its opening moments, although the introduction of plenty of charm and warmth mostly make up for the weakening of the funny stuff.(Full Content Review for Parents also available)
One of those movies that pleasantly surprises you from scene to scene
Easily the first great movie of 2013 (yes, really) ... Espouses a healthy philosophy of overcoming all odds in a genre previously dominated by absolute doom (gloom optional).
Warm Bodies has elements of true inspiration, but the whole is slightly underwhelming.
Warm Bodies' new spin on some very familiar zombie tropes makes for a rather enjoyable time regardless of its shortcomings.
Warm Bodies is one of the first must-sees of 2013.
... 'Warm Bodies' may be the best film adapted from this current batch of young adult material that Hollywood is desperate to get right...
Accessible for a young teen audience, yet charming enough not to make an adult viewer want to rip their face off.
Despite violence, book-based zombie romance is OK for teens.
For those who gleefully go along with the premise, it's surprisingly touching and hilarious. Those reared on "Resident Evil" games like me, probably can't buy into a zombie romantic comedy.
In doing a little genre bending of romantic schmaltz and horror cheese - some fundamental zombie mythology is turned on its head - the film breathes amusing new life into both.
It's so thrilling when all the elements of a film come together just right. Chill-inducing cadavers be damned, "Warm Bodies" is sheer bliss.
It's not the next Twilight as some people anticipated, and thankfully, that's probably the best compliment you could give it.
Just when you thought the zombie genre had shambled off into the sunset bereft of any fresh ideas, a movie like Warm Bodies comes along and makes the undead seem, well... very much alive.
What Levine does have is a gently gruesome way of amusing us, converting the uneasiness of a wooer from another species into the everyday anxieties of a young man around a girl he likes.
That rare thing in modern studio moviemaking - a consequential universe. Hits hurt. People die. Small gestures of kindness somersault into bigger things.
Warm Bodies pulls a nifty trick in the red-hot zombie genre: It lacks a brain, though it eats plenty of them.
An improbable romance sweetened with appealing performances and buoyed by one of the better cute meets in recent romantic comedy ...
[Levine] finds strategies in Warm Bodies to make what has long been considered a deathless tale undead in a new way.
Warm Bodies is a sweetly funny and touching riff on Beauty and the Beast or Romeo and Juliet -- if the Beast feasted on flesh or Romeo came back from the dead.
The movie has a wry sense of humor that manages to coexist with its all-you-need-is-love theme.
It's got a big heart and high spirits on a low budget and actors who refuse to phone it in.
One of the most refreshingly creative zombie movies in recent memory.
At its best, "Warm Bodies" - a rather conventional romance, outside of the fact that one of the two people falling in love isn't alive - has an easygoing, modest appeal.
The weirdness spread around here is best served through intimacy, watching zombie-meets-girl antics up close and personal, inspecting the oddity with a surprisingly open heart and a crisp sense of humor.
These bodies, whether human or zombie, feel room-temperature at best.
Levine adapts the source material in the best possible way, keeping key plot points and character details intact, but infusing it with a wildly appropriate sense of humor.
The film's intentions are way too good for its own good, producing bloodless romance and more shamefully bloodless carnage.
"Warm Bodies" is surely the zombie love story of the season.
It's like the Capulets and the Montagues all over again - only the Montagues don't have a pulse.
Hoult's genuinely awkward charm and Palmer's tomboyish wholesomeness disarm an audience overfamiliar with this story.
A cute if occasionally cheesy love story that manages to tweak zombie lore while raising the bar on Hollywood's supernatural teen romance phase.
It's not that I disapprove of zombie-human dating. I just don't like having my brain eaten by dead writing.
If you are a high schooler looking for a date flick or slightly older and chaperoning your niece you could do a hell of a lot worse.
I don't know if the first zombie date flick is a step forward or backward for civilization as a whole, but I can say that "Warm Bodies" pulls off a pretty impressive trick: It has its "Twilight" and goofs on it too.
No, it's not the best zombie film, but it may well be the cutest.
Warmed Over is more like it. A nifty premise and likable lead (Nicholas Hoult)cannot make up for the film's overall blandness.
Though on the surface falling in line with any "Twilight" film, "Warm Bodies" is better produced, acted and written, which isn't saying a lot.
It wants to be funny, charming, scary, and dramatic. It ends up being a little of each but not successful as any one.
It's the Hello Kitty of zombie flicks.
If we're going to be subjected to tons of "Twilight" wannabes, "Warm Bodies" is a pretty good one.
The likable if not remarkable Warm Bodies is the world's first romantic zombie comedy, told from the point of view of a dead guy.
Surprisingly light and whimsical...a blissful contrast to the deadly earnestness of the inter-species romance of 'Twilight' and its ilk.
Hoult and Palmer carry "Warm Bodies" with a delightful conviction their characters' forbidden, "Romeo and Juliet"-like bond can be played like other movie romances, albeit with an obvious twist.
It flouts convention in a number of ways in service of its genre-mash-up agenda while still contributing something original to the tradition of the zombie film.
The whole of "Warm Bodies," in both its comic and dramatic strains, lacks a certain ... what? Ooomph? Intensity? Invention?
Takes its premise painfully literally, resulting in a series of unlikely developments guaranteed to get hardcore zombie-movie fans frothing with rage -- if they don't doze off first.
The affectionate rapport between Palmer and Hoult ensures that we believe something like love can exist between a human and an, um, ex-human.
A refreshing approach to both the zombie and teen-romance genres.
Lots of fun. Hoult and Palmer make an enaging, likable pair- even if one of them is "undead".
Yes, Teresa Palmer is hot enough to reanimate the living dead.
"Warm Bodies" offers a welcome twist on the living-dead canon, even if the decidedly femme-skewed results ignore pretty much every rule of the genre.
Giving a rom-com twist to the always reliable zombie genre, Warm Bodies turns a cute premise into a mildly affecting story of forbidden teen love.
This character-driven genre meld could have used more edge and energy, and less obvious message-mongering, but it scores in terms of atmosphere, humor and charm.
It's hard to beat a brain-eating scene with John Waits' "Missing You" blaring in the background, the '80s ode to the forlorn has never sounded so grotesquely poignant.

@highlight

Warm Bodies offers a sweet, well-acted spin on a genre that all too often lives down to its brain-dead protagonists.