It's a superb action flick that will have you wide-eyed in awe at its effects; just don't go expecting any kind of literary discussion.
Beowulf is a well conceived and technically excellent rendition of the ancient legend, but it doesn't follow its ideas through all the way, and some strange choices on the part of Zemeckis ultimately make it a little less than the sum of its parts.
Beowulf is pretty to look at, but lacks soul. Perhaps it is time for Robert Zemeckis to return to the land of the living.
The Old English poem ponderously, gracelessly expanded into an epic bore
It drops its epic posture and spews far too many double entendres.
700 A.D. is now 21st Century American 3-D. It's a hell of a transformation. The 3-D version of Beowulf -- the one you must see if you see the film -- is a wild roller coaster ride.
...the initially impressive visuals are ultimately negated by the annoyance of the technology.
A worthy cinematic adaptation, with interesting and provocative mythic ideas of its own, and suprisingly lyrical images to match. [Blu-Ray]
The bane of English majors for 1,300 years makes it back to the big screen, now with 75 percent more hostility toward Christianity!
The story contains plenty of action and great-looking graphics, but it hasn't much heart.
Throw on your 3-D glasses and prepare to have your mind blown away.
Robert Zemeckis' Beowulf is so rousingly entertaining that you'll feel guilty for not reading the epic poem all the way through when you were in ninth grade.
So much is right about Beowulf that one longs for the darker, grimier version that might have been in live action.
Robert Zemeckis' take on Beowulf is a marvel visually but eye-popping effects are still no challenge for good old-fashioned human emotion.
At the end of it all, if you take away the violence, the defiantly in-your-face nudity, and Angelina Jolie, you will find very little story underneath.
This is not the future of films, but it is a future, especially for the action genre.
While the film's mission to enrapture teenage boys (and other fans of grand adventure) is accomplished, I'd have to suggest to Mr. Zemeckis that it may be time to abandon this form of animation.
No doubt C.B. DeMille, another director with a knack for turning Hollywood stars into robots, would have been entranced.
Those who remember the 3000 line epic from 8th grade English will be pleasantly surprised to learn they've scrapped the original plot altogether.
It's a bland and lethargic piece of Hollywood tripe that not even the presence of Ray Winstone could salvage...
And one more bonus, the technology almost convinces us Angelina Jolie can act. Revolutionary, indeed.
... a real-life Dungeons & Dragons story brought to life... While not quite as epic as 300, it's still one hell of a good ride.
A feast of imagery coupled with magnificent drama, a rare cinematic marriage that is destined for box office gold and deservedly so.
arkoyntos atmosfairikos kai epikos, me mia goiteytiki isorropia paramythioy kai gotthikoy ksekoiliasmatos gyro ap' tin eypepti alligoriki proseggisi toy thelktikoy tis eksoysias kai toy bromikoy tis ysterofimias
The 3-D effects are relatively tasteful, and the visuals often stunning.
Somebody needs to tell the director to get his head out of the computer and back into humanity, because "Beowulf," while exciting at the end, is sorely lacking in humanity throughout.
"Beowulf" is an astounding, eye-popping 3-D makeover of the ancient Old English tale. If you have a choice, go see the 3-D version for added depth. "Beowulf" is a monstrous treat.
For all the visual wizardry at work on screen in Robert Zemeckis' "Beowulf," it's a wonder I found myself leaving the theater feeling lifeless and unenthusiastic.
Yes! Rock solid direction. The dynamic ups, downs, humor, and grit of the film are artfully managed to create a very sweet piece that builds smartly and climaxes commandingly.
Things I never expected to see in a major motion picture...
We are the point of technological nirvana in which it makes sense to someone somewhere to use millions of dollars in money and thousands of hours of labor to digitally recreate that which an old-fashioned (dare I say outdated?) technology already provides
Vale mais pela experiência visual que representa do que pela história que conta.
How can a film based on such a classic piece of literature, with the cache of talent behind it, be so drab?
Simultaneously celebrates and critiques the audience's centuries-spanning hunger for heroic epics...
An excellent showcase for the advantages of computer-generated animation.
A wacky pop-lit hybrid that combines Lord of the Rings nerd appeal with Viking-movie brio, seasoned with naughty bits.
The film is aimed at young males, and this target market will thoroughly enjoy it %u2013 probably several times
The biggest criticism has nothing to do with the movie itself but with the morons on the MPAA board.
Looks like the world's longest cut scene but neither as good nor as bad as it could have been. Demands the 3D large screen to be seen.
The oldest story in the English language (dating from about AD 700) combines with state of the art graphic technology to create a fast-paced and exhilarating heroic adventure.
With their dead, unblinking eyes the characters look stoned; more heroine addicts than heroic archetypes.
The best thing about this movie is that it makes an ancient story into something that is a lot more accessible to most people.
Although the word 'wench' may go unuttered, most of the time this earthbound adaptation is hardly distinguishable from ye olde kitsch.
Robert Zemeckis has created the world's longest videogame cut scene.
This motion-capture animated version is genuinely exciting to see although the process still gives us the creeps.
One of those movies where everyone screams their lines while staggering around gloomy settings for the delight of armchair barbarian fans.
This is what happens when directors with lots of money and powerful computers get all hot and bothered about the latest new toys.
The plasticine puppetry of the central figures still lacks that essential spark required to bring them to life.
'Beowulf' brings Anglo-Saxon literature to life with a vividness hardly imaginable when I skimmed the Old English poem as a high school student.
I had a hell of a good time at this movie.
Their story arc brings some legitimate dramatic interest to Beowulf's climactic battle with the dragon.
This Beowulf can be awfully pretty, but it's untouched by human hands.
By utilizing the most modern technology, Zemeckis has breathed new life into an ancient tale.
My friend took the 3-D glasses off halfway through, which causes the image to be blurry. I should have tried that. Blurry couldn't have made it worse.
"Beowulf" is monstrous enough to deserve to be seen in its 3-D version.
Says the Queen, 'There have been many brave men who have come to taste my Lord's meat.''I shall not touch that one with a 3D ten foot pole, m'Lady,' said Beowulf.
Gaiman and Avery deserve credit for making the Beowulf poem come full circle, but it is not the cinematic knockout I was hoping for.
Director Robert Zemeckis has created a computer-animated movie is that exciting, funny, sexy, and thrilling. A genuinely cool moviegoing event.
An over-hyped action flick with very little action.
For all its hi-tech wonder, motion-capture technology still hasn't perfected the human factor.
The film strives for mythological depth and epic breadth, but it's hard to get below the flat, shallow gloss over every surface.
Even the heaving bosom looks clunky.
Ultimately, Beowulf feels a lot like a video game blown up large: noise, action and funny walking intact.
It's a visual experience and maybe the best use of 3D-IMAX that we've seen. On a standard screen, it might not be as impressive.
As off-putting as the half-artificial characters are, and as slow as the movie is in parts, the images still have what seems to be endless depth and detail, which gives the action scenes an unprecedented, gut-whomping power.
It's imaginative, and it has the barreling forward motion and lurching thrills of a Dark Ages theme park, even when it's exercising battle-worn clichés.
Heads roll, arteries gush and spleens spill across the IMAX screen in Beowulf, just as you'd expect in a screen adaptation of the oldest surviving epic poem in the English language.
You want to read Beowulf? Get the book, I'm not stopping you. You want bloody adventure with a brain, see the movie.
The stuff that works in Beowulf really works, and the interaction between the human characters and the effects is so intricate that, flaws notwithstanding, I'm convinced this movie could have been made no other way.
It's the Beowulf saga once again, and the movie becomes tiresome and trivial -- well done within the narrow limits of its aspiration but not worth the inflated effort.
Director Robert Zemeckis moves things along lickety-split; for such a dark, heavy tale, lit by gray, diffuse far-northern skies and golden torchlight, the film is remarkably light on its feet.
Director Robert Zemeckis and his technical wizards have turned an English-class staple into a ripping -- not to mention ripped -- comic-book yarn that looks spectacular in Imax 3-D.
The film is utterly rousing and transporting -- sufficiently, in fact, to make you forgive, if not forget, the somewhat clumsy telling.
Zemeckis has been seduced by the siren call of motion capture... Memo to Zemeckis: come back to earth!
It is --quite literally -- an epic achievement.
Beowulf is as dazzling a feast for the eyes as the hungriest eyes can take.
If all this can be defined as animation, then Beowulf must be considered the front-runner for the Oscar in that category.
Beowulf is many things, but boring isn't one of them.
Carp about it all you want, but as Hollywood revisions of ancient writing go, Beowulf beats nonsense like Troy and 300 on all fronts: formally, thematically and intellectually.
For all the slash and burn of the action sequences and the 3-D technology with which it is being shown in many theaters, this Beowulf from director Robert Zemeckis feels more like a chore than a pleasure.
Beowulf is a spellbinder for the senses -- immersive, electrifying, a landmark for techno-fetishist Robert Zemeckis and his throngs of giga-nerd worker drones.
As it stands, Zemeckis's movie is only the beta version of the blockbuster of the future, ridden with imperfections that will presumably be corrected in later upgrades.
Until now, the story of Beowulf has been the most excruciatingly dull part of English Lit 101. But plenty of swordplay, monster-slaying and a naked Angelina Jolie turn the centuries-old poem into a bitching action movie.
It's more dazzle than disaster, but the technical ambitions of Beowulf work too sporadically to be completely effective, while the screenplay adaptation of the classic story suffers from serious bouts of corn poison.
A bloody, silly-sexy action spectacle that shamelessly attempts to justify its excess by basing its violent bombast on the epic poem.
I can't speak for the standard-issue version, but the souped-up extravaganza is one of those experiences that remind you of the magic that movies are capable of conjuring.
It's a full-fledged cinematic assault, as if a black velvet painting of Norse gods had sprung to life and begun heaving spears, arrows and geysers of blood directly at your forehead.
If you're going to Beowulf to experience the sweeping passions that only real eyes can convey, you're missing the point.
When Beowulf is in fighting mode, the film rivals 300 as the coolest videogame-like movie experience ever.
Not all of it works -- and not all of it works the way the target audience of jacked-up young males might want it to -- but the movie is hugely provocative fun, and I'm pretty sure that's on purpose.
Despite the wealth of expertise on display, there's scarcely any imagination.
Comic-Con geeks and cinephiles alike will gape at the resplendent imagery (but don ye specs, and see it in 3-D).
It is a staggering, if still somewhat frustratingly underwhelming, experience, and walking out I found I had far more to ponder than I'd previously anticipated.
A dazzling, immersive and unique visual experience.
IMAX 3D may be a gimmick, but it's a good one, perfectly suited to a film like Beowulf.
The 3-D film isn't just a movie, it's a movie experience that makes you a part of its noble, frightening and fantasy-infused world.
The dots of Beowulf's epic exploits are connected in a way that could have, and should have, matched a tone of grand lust on display in John Boorman's "Excalibur." Instead, the movie's schoolboy snickers about sexuality torpedo the script's inventiveness.
The film is surprisingly thoughtful about adult relationships and human fallibility, while the eerie animation of its stars, like it or not, seems to mark an important development for the future of film.
There's plenty of campery, inevitable when you have Anthony Hopkins and John Malkovich in the voice cast, but for all the ham-inatronic moments, it looks terrific.
This technology is too expensive for the makers to waste a scene.
Beowulf may contain all the modern movie magic at Zemeckis' disposal, but it plays like something Cecil B. DeMille could have churned out in his sleep ... .
This ancient tale of heroism and betrayal is brought slap bang up to date in an computer-generated sword-and-sandals adventure that, while a little on the long side, gets a big thumbs up due to some jaw-thunking special effects.
Beowulf is like nothing you've ever seen, but not for the reasons you think.
A movie that's adequate rather than electric, leaving you satisfied but hardly excited.
Savage, yes. But Beowulf is monstrously entertaining.
Adapted with refreshing irreverence by Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary, even if students of the Anglo-Saxon text may be taken aback by some of their coarser liberties.
if it's worth seeing in the theaters, it's worth finding one that's screening it in 3D
When the final battle kicks in to gear and you shake the cobwebs off of the dialogue scenes that passed before, you won't care that the characters in Beowulf are two-dimensional.
While the new 'Beowulf' easily meets its quota for computer-generated spectacle and gore, the script has interesting touches but isn't for the ages.
once you have acclimatised yourself to the animation style, it tells a cracking good story, and the screenplay by Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary conjures a secret history of vulnerability and human weakness behind the legend.
Leave it to Robert Zemeckis to turn the 8th Century fable into a commercially accessible 21st Century blockbuster.
This isn't your great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother's Beowulf.
Beowulf brays and boasts, it overwhelms and it soars. Like the tendency to exaggerate inherent in its hero, it's a majestic movie that doesn't quite add up to the epic we anticipate.
Why take the time to draw or render characters if you're just going to try to make them look real? ... Yet, despite my broken-record misgivings, I confess to enjoying Beowulf.
Though the realistic-looking people still have dead, soulless eyes, Beowulf is still an improvement over Zemeckis' creepy kids' movie The Polar Express.
Without the elements of crystal-clear digital projection and awe-inspiring 3-D animation, the film doesn't have much going for it.
In the tradition of ribald Hollywood blockbusters.
The 3-D effects are nothing short of stunning . . .big, bawdy and fast-paced enough to compensate for the animation ills with which it is afflicted
It is impossible to shake the fact that other movies have beat this one to the theater with so many similar themes. The new technology, however, has that wow factor that the story is missing.
Sexualized to the point of absurdity.
Seeing Angelina Jolie's naked animated body doing a sexy slither out of the water might turn your PG-13 boy into an R-rated man!
When the film is allowed to cut free from recreating reality, most obviously in its depiction of Grendel, the results are terrifying to behold and will most likely serve as nightmare fuel for viewers of all ages for a long time to come.
as muddled as watching a RealD presentation without the glasses on.
One of the oldest surviving stories is retold through one of the most modern of technologies in a thrilling 3-D adventure from director Robert Zemeckis.
As envisioned by director Robert Zemeckis, Beowulf is a sight to behold: The landscape and visuals are powerfully sweeping, the action sequences exhilarating and kinetic.
This incredibly beautiful version of the classic tale is going to knock your socks off.
If you want to understand what the pressure of Hollywood does to talent, if you want to experience where the movie business is heading in a big way, this benighted but likely remunerative film is the place to start.
Beowulf is ambitious, overbearing and hollow; it goes overboard to impress, yet it never feels truly inventive or imaginative.
All the digital bells and whistles in the world can't conceal how hollow the movie is at its core or make us forget about its storytelling and dialogue deficiencies.
The adaptation replaces the two-dimensional characters of the epic poem with more human, nuanced individuals.
You don't need to wait for Angelina Jolie to rise from the vaporous depths naked to know that this Beowulf isn't your high school teacher's Old English epic poem.
Beowulf is being released in standard 2-D and a non-Imax 3-D version, neither of which I've seen, and neither of which I would recommend as long as there is an opportunity for the sensory overload of Imax 3-D.
A thrilling visit to an alien time and place, devoid of a single dull moment and spiked with something interesting, unexpected or viscerally gripping in virtually every frame.
Regardless of the medium, this is an effectively brutal story of swords, sorcery, demons, and heroes, with an Oedipal hint or two thrown in for flavor.
A bulked-up and dumbed-down 3-D screen version of the Old English epic that is aimed at the shiver-me and scare-me crowd.
Am I the only one who suspects that the intention of director Robert Zemeckis and writers Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary was satirical?
The trouble is that the film's look trumps all.
Don't let Paramount's atrocious marketing fool you, Beowulf is a film of great surprise and heart-stopping visual gusto. It also reaffirms Robert Zemeckis's place as a brilliant cinematic architect, still capable of eliciting eye-watering awe.
Beowulf aspires to epic realm of 300 and the fantasy of Lord of the Rings but falls short of both. But it's an intriguing novelty act with a few stirring scenes.
Violent animated adventure is no kiddie movie.
To the shock of cynics in the audience waiting for this film fantasy to be lame, Beowulf turns out to be exciting, fun and occasionally breathtaking. No question it's a popcorn flick, but it's cheesy only when it chooses to be.
Zemeckis, who blazed trails mixing live-action with animation in Who Framed Roger Rabbit, blazes not even a footpath here.
A visually rousing epic and a surprisingly effective reworking of a classic.
Some are calling Beowulf the future of movies, but it would be a lot easier to swallow that hype if ... anything in the movie suggested the people who made Beowulf were invested in making something good instead of just interested in making something new.
Zemeckis employs the same motion-capture technology that he first used in The Polar Express, to slightly better effect.
I say the story works, but I wish they'd teach these avatars to act.
Because the picture's technical side is so extraordinary, it is truly saddening to have to write that Beowulf isn't a very good movie. Take away the visuals, and what is left is a talky, subdued, lifeless affair.
As far as cinematic mythology goes, this film flies only so high. And call me anti-Geat, but I was rooting for Crispin Glover's Grendel all along.
Zemeckis has found the dark psychological underpinnings of this Dark Ages tale, and his version of it will endure even as the technology he used to tell it is replaced by something even more stunning.
The fight sequences -- on land, in mid-air or underwater -- fulfill your most ardent expectations for 3-D thrills.
Think you already know the epic tale? Not this version, you don't.
A celebration of bold, carnivorous manhood that won't appeal much to women's' rights groups or People for the Ethical Treatment of Dragons.
Stands as an unapologetically enthusiastic marriage between old-school heroism and modern-day wizardry. Plus it kicks ass!
Beowulf can be a lot of fun to watch -- at least in the 3-D IMAX version I saw.
Zemeckis springs so many pow 3-D surprises you'll think Beowulf is your own private fun house.
A 300-style adaptation that...turns Beowulf into a boys' adventure tale for the video-game age of decapitations and blood spurts.
a highly entertaining action flick, with the final dragon battle being particularly memorable.
It's like what online avatars are doing to offline creators: zapping the pimples, ballooning the boobs and bulking the muscles. Beowulf is essentially making big-name actors better than even they can be.
If Beowulf doesn't beat out Ratatouille for the best animated picture Oscar, I'll tear off my own arm and cuss out Odin in Old English over the injustice.
The background work is smashing, though nothing like as detailed as Pixar's Ratatouille and, if the screenplay does one thing decently, it is to make some sort of sense of a most confusing story.
The bloodiest 12A (UK) rating in memory.
Hot: who knew Beowulf took on Grendel in the buff? Zemeckis scores big in this groundbreaking, entertaining, must-see holiday release.
One of those rare blockbuster-type productions that works well thanks to its intelligent script and visual splendour.
[S]terile, synthetic, almost completely unengaging on a human level. It's animated but inanimate.
Visually, there's little to quibble about - but to luxuriate in its full gory glory you'll have to head for a cinema, or preferably, a 3D Imax theatre. Waiting for the DVD is not an option.
Robert Zemeckis doesn't just give English classes new interpretations to discuss but advances the technological limitations of animation to a level that makes high-definition look like a Falkirk Transmitter.
Straddling an uneasy line between fantasy and reality, this animation technique is more irritating than impressive.
Effortlessly compelling and, at times, moving.
21st century technology leaves this Robert Zemeckis adaptation of the old English epic poem sadly lacking in poetry.
Both exciting and flat, sexy and absurd.
Who would have thought that a supposed technological breakthrough would be remarkable mainly for its story?
The epic poem is brought entertainingly to life by an extremely gifted cast and crew. Although the motion-capture animation style leaves us with a couple of big questions. Mainly, 'Why?'
Hugely enjoyable, smartly written and stunningly animated fantasy epic, even if they haven't quite got the eyes right.
The fight scenes -- and there are plenty of them -- are as exciting as anything you've seen in a movie all year.
Give it a chance. It'll surprise you.
If you can't get out to see it in theaters, don't bother seeing it at all.
Zemeckis, you magnificent bastard! This is one of the best times I've ever had at the movies.
The irony inherent in using 21st-century motion-control technology to tell a tale approximately 1,400-years old is just one of many bizarrely entertaining aspects of Beowulf.
Beowulf is a solemnly gorgeous, at times borderline stolid piece of Tolkien-with-a-joystick mythology.
Beowulf bellows 'I am Beowulf!' so many times, it could be a drinking game; it certainly rivals 'This is Sparta!' as the year's preferred macho catch phrase.
Stressed out warriors wonder if they should turn to Christianity for better luck in life, but decide that vice is more fun.
When computer animation looks this authentic, you wonder why they didn't just do it for real and have done with it. But we'll own up to being mightily impressed by the visuals.
A gruff, bawdy boys'-own adventure with a surprisingly sophisticated sting in its tail.
Director Robert Zemeckis does the impossible: makes an enjoyable experience out of the most tedious poem in the English language. If Mel Gibson directed, he would have made it in eighth-century English with no subtitles.
Gather round the fire, for I will tell you a tale unlike any other. OK, it's like The Lord of the Rings retold with plastic dolls and a lot of wench jokes.
It's not a reinvention of the wheel, but in 3D this is an astonishing experience that borders on 'must-see.'
Beowulf is an exhilarating experience, a glorious spectacle and a film that rewards viewers who keep their brains turned on behind their 3D glasses.
I came, saw, had my retinas fried, and was conquered.
For all its visual sweep and propulsively violent action, this bloodthirsty rendition of the Old English epic can't overcome the disadvantage of being enacted by digital waxworks rather than flesh-and-blood Danes and demons.
It may raise the eyebrows of English Lit professors but will quicken the pulse of everyone else.
Forget the English poem and ignore length: A sensory experience more appealing to eyes and ears than the mind or heart due to Zemeckis technical wizardry, watching this mythic epic in 3D Imax is a must for viewers interested in the future of the medium
The final, kinetic aerial battle scenes are eye-poppingly spectacular -- especially in the 3D IMAX-version under review -- but they come way too late to save the film.




@highlight

Featuring groundbreaking animation, stunning visuals, and a talented cast, Beowulf has in spades what more faithful book adaptations forget to bring: pure cinematic entertainment.