The French director Martin Provost achieves a film that conquers emotion without resorting to sentimentality. [Full Review in Spanish]
Between [the characters'] disagreements nests a pinch of hope, a breath of reconciliation. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a delight to see Deneuve and Frot share scenes. [Full Review in Spanish]
Sometimes it doesn't achieve its purpose...but when it does, it even provides a few moving scenes. [Full Review in Spanish]
Instead of charging at the drama of the story full force, "The Midwife" makes us feel as though we are watching the events from the side, at something of a distance, and this makes the movie moderate and mature.
To be fair, The Midwife probably isn't a masterpiece but it's satisfyingly thought-provoking.
... one hopes that the Belle de Jour star will appear again on screen every time the script forgets about her. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a minor French movie but, thanks to its actors, a modestly engaging one.
[Midwife] takes a turn towards the schmaltzy and hoary when Deneuve comes in, and yet it's still worth catching to watch these two trés formidable French titans face off.
Frot nails Claire's emotional ambivalence and internal moral struggle. And Deneuve underplays the potentially larger-than-life Beatrice, a woman who lives out of a suitcase and earns her money by gambling, with similar assurance.
After sketching the differences between Beatrice and Claire, his script gives the two actresses every incentive to banish any thought of lapsing into stereotype.
...the focus is rightly on the two leads and fans of theirs won't want to miss the chance to see them one more time.
What brings the two women together after 30 years? ...With Martin Provost's film deepening pleasingly as it goes on, and both women (Frot and Deneuve) giving excellent performances, you'll enjoy trying to work it all out.
It's the work of actor-turned-writer/director Martin Provost, whose light touch with the material makes this a made-in-France pleasure.
Predictability can be forgiven with the luminous talents of Catherine Deneuve and riveting Catherine Frot (Marguerite) as long-estranged women reunited in writer/director Martin Provost's drama.
A year without a Catherine Deneuve movie or two would feel strange, like a wet summer, or a slept-through holiday.
When the movie does eventually get past the conflict, it opens up some honesty between the characters. It might come a bit late...
Because the meaty, two-hour tale is so essentially naturalistic, it takes time to notice how elegantly framed, shot, and edited it is.
Not much happens-but under the surface, everything does, and [Catherine] Frot and [Catherine] Deneuve make it impossible to miss.
... for the most part the veteran actresses salvage the soapy plot by playing their scenes together with a Gallic toughness.
[Catherine] Deneuve and [Catherine] Frot, who are if not at the top of their game, then at least never less than fascinating to observe
An interesting, highly feminine film where the theme is the process of being loved and accepted again. [Full review in Spanish]
Can two women, opposites in personality, find meaning in each other's company? Just watch two of France's great actresses performing as two distinct personalities, exchange vibrations and meet almost in the middle.
Nevertheless, The Midwife succeeds, to the extent that it does, because of the talented, legendary French actresses who inhabit these two characters.
Catherine Deneuve's brassy performance is more than enough reason to see this entertaining, if predictable, drama.
The main reason it does not seem contrived is the performances of Catherine Deneuve and Catherine Frot.
Together Deneuve and Frot deliver a nice duet in a somewhat forgettable melodrama with an interesting sidelight.
Deneuve has made a career out of playing these types of eccentric arch-kooks; she could act the role in her sleep.
It's a waste of Frot, an actor so gifted she wiped the floor with Meryl Streep in last year's great Florence Foster Jenkins stand-off.
The performances are intense, the characters are complex and well developed. [Full review in Spanish]
Though a relatively slight tale of a woman who breaks free of a stifling life as a result of an unexpected encounter with her past, 'The Midwife' offers the opportunity to watch two fine actresses joust, and for some that may be enough.
"The Midwife" is one of those movies that could be about anything and you'd watch, so enjoyable are its lead actors.
With Frot and Deneuve at the top of their respective games, with Gourmet adding tenderly soulful support, The Midwife ends up delivering on all fronts.
Yes, this French drama has a treacle problem. But its lead actresses generate more than enough spark to offset the sentimentality over the movie's surprisingly enjoyable two-hour running time.
Béatrice serves as Claire's "magical" figure, her model for better "understanding", for a more fulfilled, less confined life, that role is in itself clichéd and constricting.
Provost's film is, in the end, a story about attaining the wisdom that comes from forgiveness and the acceptance of those things - namely the past and the future - that none of us can control.
Provides a chance to spend time with Deneuve and Frot, paring two legends of French cinema in a drama that shows particular patience with layers of characterization.
A closely observed, intelligently imagined and realized presentation of contrasting personalities.
A film that looks at its characters with understanding and acceptance, it is anchored by two iconic actresses - the great Catherine Deneuve, lovely and luminous as Beatrice, and Catherine Frot, a contained, persevering survivor as Claire.
The only thing that keeps us from tuning out is that it's a pleasure to watch the actors exchange dialogue. Is that a good enough reason to see a movie? Depends what you're looking for.
The Catherines Deneueve and Frot have a nice rapport, but that's about all that can be said of this slight soap opera.
While there's plenty of wisdom about living in the moment and enjoying life, Provost and the Catherines dole it out subtly and without any mawkish aftertaste.
Captivating, engrossing and genuinely heartfelt before becoming contrived toward the end, but Frot and Deneuve keep the film constantly afloat with their stellar performances and charisma.
Even when portraying the needy, nearly shambolic Béatrice in "The Midwife," Ms. Deneuve is capable of vibrating with an elegance that implies both hauteur and froideur.
"The Midwife" is an absorbing meander of a movie, prettily shot and a touch over-scored ...
"The Midwife" marks the first time that two grand dames of French cinema - Catherine Deneuve and Catherine Frot - appear together, and the pairing doesn't disappoint.
Delight is appropriate throughout.
The film follows the well worn theme of opposing forces giving each other a new perspective on life, but it eschews easy sentiment and Frot, Denueve and Gourmet are a joy to watch.
Not a whole lot happens in The Midwife, but there's never a dull moment, thanks to the opposing yet equally stellar performances by the two Catherines in the lead.
If not for its performances, the film would belong in the category of Hallmark Channel tearjerkers.
The bothersome and irritating thing about the way The Midwife is written is that we keep hearing story after story about the shared history between Claire and Béatrice, but we never get a solid idea of what that history was.
The acting is of high quality, with Frot shading just enough warmth and melancholy into Claire to stop her becoming a total wet blanket... Deneuve, throwing caution to the wind
A tale of a woman living for the moment who unleashes the joy in another who only lives through and for others. The performances are detailed and invigorating, and the direction is near flawless, as is Thierry François's knowing production design.
Confidently told, it doesn't manipulate emotion but allows the script and two great performances to conjure a sweet, affecting, uplifting two hours.
Béatrice is perhaps the polar opposite of what we think about when we think Deneuve, and yet, as with all the other eccentrics she's played, the actress grounds her through an otherworldly grace and humanity.
Frot is the anchor for "The Midwife" but Deneuve, even more, is able to shed her glamorous career persona and becomes the very complex, lover-of-life Beatrice.
Catherine Deneuve is a force of nature, open and undone, working in the open-a-vein honesty of Gena Rowlands in A Woman under the Influence or Gloria.
The bittersweet contrivances in Martin Provost's storytelling are blatant, but the covering veneer of realism is attractive.
In probably her best screen role since the 2010 comedy Potiche, Catherine Deneuve delivers a masterclass in characterisation in The Midwife.
The by-play between the stars is riveting, with Deneuve boldly playing against type as a gluttonous, gambling harridan. Moreover, it's good to see a film exploring midlife ennui from a female perspective for a change.
A low-key Dardennes-style realism is seasoned with just a touch of melodrama; two formidable actors attack their roles with the same gusto that Béatrice deploys when faced with a nice bottle of Graves.
The chemistry of two formidable actresses fuels an extraordinary yet subtle clash in a nuanced, unsentimental story about how women's friendships shape our lives.
Provost's film is an altogether beautiful thing, a single vision (writer-director) throbbing with truthful understanding of women, and sorrow, regret, salvation and vegetable gardening.
The two women could not be more different but their budding friendship makes for a very touching, endearing film.
However preposterous, it is carried off with a certain style.
As solid and unassuming as a antique marble kitchen top.
It's Deneuve who musses up the formula and makes the film worth seeing ...
You can tell almost exactly how matters will end but when it comes to pathos, sharp-eyed observation and barbed humour, The Midwife certainly delivers.
Passes the Bechdel Test with flying colours.
Provost tells a heartfelt story extolling the virtue of forgiveness and showing how the concept of family can extend beyond blood ties.
What the film lacks in narrative and visual subtlety it more than makes up for in rich human interaction.
A flawed endeavour, certainly, which grows somewhat tedious in the middle stages, but remains engaging thanks to the lead performances from the talented Catherines.
A bittersweet delight written to order for two consummate performers who inhabit their diametrically opposed characters with satisfying élan.
Provost has once again proven to be a sensitive and sure-handed director of what used to be called "women's films," with this one somewhat of a cross between Douglas Sirk and the Dardennes.
Tame, competent, mildly touching, and a little dull - except for Catherine Deneuve's fearless turn as a boozing, ailing wreck.

@highlight

The Midwife takes a rewardingly patient approach to potentially melodramatic material, emerging with a well-acted, emotionally resonant character study.