Gallons of the titular correction fluid may have helped Dominic Sena's abysmal thriller if it had been applied at just about any juncture during the graphic novel-to-feature film script stage.
When the snow starts blowing, it's impossible to tell who's who and what's what. Maybe parkas should be color-coded.
Whiteout isn't particularly bad but it does follow the thriller playbook step-by-step with only a little tweaking. A lack of originality isn't the end of the world but it could have been so much better.
Dominic Sena, whose credits include 1993's 'Kalifornia' (good) and 1996's 'Swordfish' (not so good), can't seem to find anything new under the perpetually obscured sun.
If you'd forgotten that this title ever existed, well, so have I.
South Pole-set whodunnit is bloody but bland.
Okay, it's far from the best murder mystery you've ever seen, but I still can't help but liking this throwaway thriller. The ending was no surprise. Paul Chambers, CNN.
...it's painless. Brainless, too, but not so much so that you want to throw a shoe at the screen.
Needed: Generic thriller in an exotic setting, some gore, possible sci-fi elements, female lead, and an older male star to play grizzled supporting character. Must work cheap.
Whiteout is a colorless wasteland. There's only one thing that could have helped cover this film up: A flashback that changed the script's name to Wite-Out.
The film's biggest crime is that no obvious effort was made here, everything flows with the rigidity of a check list of genre cliches and safe choices.
The movie is as inert as the wintry terrain in which it is set.
I wasn't entertained, I just wanted out of the supposed cold.
...just predictable routine.
a relatively mediocre, by-the-numbers mystery thriller that melts from your mind as soon as you step into the sunlight
The misleading trailer suggests 'Nancy Drew vs. the Thing,' but this graphic-novel adaptation is more 'CSI: Antractica' -- a straight if occasionally gruesome murder mystery, boosted by the novelty of its sub-zero South Pole setting.
It's Kate Beckinsale on Ice.
The film's slick and expensive looking but dumber than a dead penguin.
Kate Beckinsale, adrift in a blizzard of cliches, doesn't have enough star presence or her Stevie Nicks black leather vampire drag to keep audiences from drifting away. Bland and predictable.
Is best when dealing with the splendors of the natural landscape.
It takes slightly longer than three minutes for diminished mental capacity to set in during this Antarctic murder mystery with a fatally low body temperature. Kate Beckinsale is unrepentantly lazy, dialogue is awful and its misdirection is obvious.
It's pretty poor.
The screenplay is unusually lazy -- additional investigators (Gabriel Macht, purportedly a U.N. detective) appear literally out of nowhere, in the middle of nowhere.
Starting from a graphic novel, Sena has turned out your standard TV crime show bloated with a monstrous FX budget.
I'd watch Kate Beckinsale in anything but even she can't make this movie anything better than average.
Where are the penguins?
A stupid thriller.
You'd think that a movie that opens with a gratuitous Kate Beckinsale shower scene couldn't be all bad. But you'd be wrong.
At first I thought they were trying to do a film noir thing with the dialogue, but then I realized that it was just bad writing made worse by horrendous line delivery.
Whiteout is not awful, but it is maddeningly mediocre.
The characters based on the [graphic] novel never get beyond one dimension and the film moves at the pace of an Antarctic glacier. On second thought, the glacier moves faster.
Setting Whiteout in Antarctica salvages the movie from the cinematic scrap heap.
What a stiff.
The mystery grows thick while the ice on which the story elements struggle to survive melts away.
It has a great cast, an original thriller setting, and a compelling concept, and yet the central mystery is surprisingly limp.
But the screenplay is a massive jumble of nonsensical moments and ideas, while director Dominic Sena mishandles things so thoroughly finding the bits where things run smoothly is like finding a needle in a gigantic mountain of powdery snow.
A lifeless whodunit, it wastes the mystical setting and the always game Kate Beckinsale on a pedestrian plot that could be set anywhere.
A tolerably entertaining film starring the weather.
...an easy enough way to pass time if you're not too demanding or if the cast or unusual setting piques your interest.
It's as bad as "I Know What You Did Last Summer", except on ICE!
Ice-schlocky - an idiotic wipeout.
For all its frozen blood, assaults with ice axes and killer weather, Whiteout turns out to be only a pale imitation of the thriller it might have been.
The severely nonthrilling thriller Whiteout moves like winter in Antarctica. Who the flake greenlit this blobby blur?
While the setting can be mesmerizing, little else about this movie is captivating. It's a standard-issue thriller, with a twist you see coming a continent away.
No event occurs without a character telling us what we're seeing. This unwelcome commentary is so overdone that it becomes, by the end, an invitation for audience participation. All together now: It's a body! Looks like it's been shot in the head!
Whiteout offers nothing to satisfy fans of the comic and nothing to satisfy even the casual filmgoer just looking for diversion or escape from the heat.
Whiteout conditions don't translate well to the action genre, either. Unless you don't mind watching unidentifiable snow-suited folks grapple in -50C conditions with an also-unidentifiable icepick-wielding murderer as CG ice violently pelts down on them.
Parental Content Review
The most surprising thrill ride of the summer, in that it is adequately thrilling and I didn't expect that.
The film is all panicky zooms and badly staged action dotted with random forensic gross-outs. And, just for the fun of it, an amputation scene.
The script for Whiteout is shockingly boring, centering around a mystery that wouldn't pass a writer's meeting for CSI: Antarctica.
The movie then becomes one of those murder mysteries where everyone is a suspect, and the murderer himself is the least likely candidate of all. Dispelling all logic, you should be able to figure out this whodunit in the opening minutes.
Depicts how a woman U.S. marshal at a frigid station in Antarctica is tested on many levels by a murder case.
Its worst offense is assuming the audience is so dumb that it'll be shocked by one of the most telegraphed endings in movie history.
A ham-handed murder mystery.
Those worried this means Beckinsale will be wearing parkas and snowsuits the entire time will be pleased they still figure a way to showcase her in her underwear within the first 5 minutes
Has a perfunctory, by-the-numbers approach to its story and its characters.
We get an irritated Nancy Drew with a flashlight, stomping about in mukluks through a plot with as much clarity as an ice storm at midnight.
...the whole cast delivers numb, almost affect-less performances; the cold must have got to them.
Even in a whiteout, you can see the plot twists coming.
A predictable whodunnit set in a cinematographer's paradise.
John Frizzel's over-worked soundtrack keeps telling us how exciting everything is, but it feels as if we're frozen in time. Not so much a white-out as wipe-out.
A frozen hellhole.
At least 10% more exciting than correction fluid.
There's wonderful potential for permanently bleached out vistas to embody a metaphorical emptiness. Here it's just a great big blank.
A whodunnit set on a scientific research base in Antarctica that slowly becomes a "Who cares?"
Despite Beckinsale's impeccable features appearing to be rendered in porcelain, her performance is far from lifeless...she does the best with the material. It's just a shame the same can't be said for the film-makers.
The sub-standard work from everyone involved means that Whiteout is very much a missed opportunity that undoubtedly would have been better left on the comic book page.
Devoid of personality and full of characters so one-dimensional that they aren't even worth mentioning in this review, Whiteout is a movie that sees no-one emerge with any credit.
What's missing from Whiteout is the pervasive sense of paranoia that you'd expect, or hope for, from a thriller set on the coldest and most isolated land mass on the planet.
Its worst offense is assuming the audience is so dumb that it'll be shocked by one of the most telegraphed endings in movie history. On second thought, maybe the filmmakers got their wish: Whiteout is shocking, shockingly bad.
By eliminating so many suspects before the obligatory drawing-room denouement and final deadly confrontation, it's a given that the audience will feel cheated when the real bad guy turns out to be the only possible contender.
Should fade faster than a polar bear in a blizzard.
With plotholes you could drive a snowplough through and as eventful as an Antarctic winter, Whiteout is less a whodunit than a getonwithit.
Set in Antarctica, but unbelievably boring. I kept hoping for something unexpected to show up, like a killer penguin, but it never did.
Hobbled by a ruinously slow start, an utter lack of excitement and a twist ending that everyone will see coming, we're left with one of the year's worst.
The first sight the audience gets of the Brit star is her stripping to her undies, pointing her perfectly-shaped rear to the camera then stepping into the shower. It's one of Whiteout's three highlights.
Apart from a lascivious shot of his scantily clad star, director Dominic Sena keeps the action fairly swift under blizzard-like conditions: at times we seem to be watching people fight inside a snow globe.
The story could be involving but it's clumsily told, veering between simplistic and confusing.
Whiteout has a good premise and a likeable lead, but it goes rapidly downhill and is ultimately disappointing.
This generic snowbound thriller desperately wants to remind you of Insomnia, but it's not worth losing much sleep over.
Lacks sufficient thrills, chills and intrigue as it grows into an increasingly ludicrous and inane mess, even if you're willing to suspend your disbelief for 101 minutes.
Characters flail their way through the snow and we squint to see what's going on only to discover that what's going on is pretty much nothing.
The film's been sitting on the shelf for 2 1/2 years; maybe it went bad?
The funniest Antarctic thriller of 2009!!!
like keeping a refrigerator door open, [director Dominic Sena] lets out all the fear and suspense.
Perhaps it would have been better if I'd blacked out for most of Whiteout.
.Little more than an extended episode of "C.S.I. Antarctica," "Whiteout" is a film that couldn't be more boring and uninteresting if it tried and if there is one thing that it most certainly doesn't do, it is try.
When serious moments are accompanied again and again by collective widespread laughter from an otherwise well-behaved audience, it is a tell-tale sign that something has gone very wrong in translation from page to screen.
We do wish you the best in your future endeavors and that you do manage to find a warmer climate.
It is a mystery why star Beckinsale...keeps wallowing in junk food genre fare....a might more entertaining than watching snow on your television.
...feels like one of those movies that never progressed much beyond the concept stage - yet ended up getting released anyway.
Beckinsale gives a standout performance as the smart and tough female protagonist. You root for her to prevail over the bad guys.
It's a wonder Whiteout isn't in 3D, what with its initial onslaught of in-your-face flying propellers, crashing planes, and a lingering close-up of Kate Beckinsale stripping to her skivvies.
The screenplay by Jon and Erich Hoeber and Chad and Carey Hayes (too many cooks?) is confusing and leaps huge gaps in logic.
Sadly, Whiteout wimps out, starting out like The Thing and winding up like CSI: South Pole, wasting whatever it has going for it.
One must assume that Rucka's original [graphic novel] is better than this, but only because most things are.
The mystery is not mysterious, the action is not exciting, and the suspense is more like boredom.
Oh, the squandering! It's like setting a story on Mars and then pretending we're just out in the Arizona desert.
Absurdities are to be expected in "genre" filmmaking, but disbelief can only be suspended so far.
It'll take all day to list all the things that are wrong with Whiteout.
Whiteout is a conventionally jam-packed, dutifully ludicrous action thriller.
Whiteout's intriguing setting and storyline would be gripping if Beckinsale's Sherlocking around wasn't so glossed-over, or alternately spoon-fed to the audience.
Stupefying journey to the bottom of the earth.
If you want the real Whiteout experience, just read the book. Or ask the manager of your local 7-Eleven if you can play Clue in the beer cooler.
All we're given is a lukewarm mystery where frustrating plot holes give way to lackulster conclusions, and even the most furious CGI snowstorms can't obscure the film's telegraphed "twist."
Dull and draining, Whiteout should have been offered under one of these preferable alternate titles -- Washout, or even better, Wornout.
A dreadful sleeping pill, marching into production with the best intentions in the world, but coming out the other side a jumbled, incompetent, ludicrously underlined whodunit.
An Antarctic-set murder mystery that might have played well on the printed page but emerges as a slushy mess on the screen.
The only thing to care about is what lotion Beckinsale uses to make her skin hold up so well in sub-zero temps.
An adequate thriller - complete with scares, red herrings and a nonsensical twist-ending %u2013 which exploits its Antarctic surroundings for all their worth.



@highlight

Kate Beckinsale is as lovely as ever, and does her best with the material, but moribund pacing and an uninspired plot leave Whiteout in the cold.