Brad is worth the ticket price alone and others turned in creditable performances, particularly Eric Bana as an upright family man who just happens to be the prince of a warlike city-state, and Sean Bean as Odysseus the Ironic.
overblown historical epic
An adaptation of The Iliad that would have had to work much harder to miss the point of The Iliad any more thoroughly.
Violent, watered-down version of The Iliad.
While an achievement in visuals, Troy fails in every other aspect including its writing and storytelling.
Despite its shortcomings, Troy is a visual smorgasbord.
The face-off between Achilles and Hector is beautifully realized, all the more wounding because we can precisely read each man's emotions going into the fight.
It's coherent at least. But only barely. Its special effects are pretty, and it has a cool soundtrack (though it's over-used). But boy is the writing terrible. I mean, terrible.
All the cast members, even Mr. Pitt, adopt the obligatory British accent, sans contractions, employed by the historical drama genre, even though the action takes place in Ancient Greece.
A numbingly reliable tick-tock of expository set pieces alternating with vast CGI-aided battle scenes.
Troy condenses Homer's ten-year war into a couple of months.
The battle of Troy takes the jump from history books to film with little consideration, disregarding the story's historical accuracy and failing to entertain audiences with the kind of flashy battle sequences the summer season demands.
Aside from being the first Hair Movie of the year, Troy also claims the prize of being the first Get Your Fat Butt to the Gym Movie of the year.
'A valiant but doomed affair, as carefully constructed -- and ultimately as hollow -- as the Trojan Horse itself.'
It's no classic but Troy does prove to be a damn good film overall.
Wooden horse, wooden acting, wouldn't bother if I were you.
Troy is not a great film, not even an especially good film, but it is an engrossing film, sometimes for the wrong reasons but close enough for Hollywood.
Troy is an empty and dispiriting game, a contest of steroid-ingesting brutes who have made themselves gods in their own minds.
Emotionally inert sand and sandals extravaganza
Feel your jaw drop when first viewing the arrival of the thousand Greek ships, a visual masterpiece.
See for yourself, but, for me, it was much ado about nothing.
Bruising battles and some stirring performances make Troy enjoyable, if rather long.
A fairly routine action picture with an advanced case of grandeuritis.
a throwback to the old Hollywood sword-and-sandal epics of the 1950s, but with more blood
Harsh, serious, and both exhilarating and tragic, the right tonal combination for Homer.
'Espectacular relato épico que, a pesar de su falta de emotividad, es un claro ejemplo de cine de calidad.'
Homer's Iliad is stunningly recreated, but never achieves the greatness it deserves.
Dramatic scene after dramatic scene fails to take flight: too many face-to-face quarrels, flatly blocked and bluntly written.
The latest in a very long line of films made to give us those things that other mediums could not provide.
Troy...is a Classic Comics version of The Iliad...but when it comes to Hollywood summer spectaculars and sandal epics, Troy suffices.
The film is good for many of its concepts but fails to really capture the narratives desperation.
I swear if I hear the phrase "the Gods" one more time I'm going to puke.
the score and final ballad are so painful, Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go On will sound like music to your ears.
Troy proves that Brad Pitt has the nicest rump of any man to ever hail from Springfield, Missouri.
"Petersen is not the man you turn to for elegance or lightness of touch: his handling of narrative is lumbering. His camera work is overemphatic. A tackiness prevails."
In the same league with Oscar winners (and more graphic) Braveheart and Gladiator films. If you want historical accuracy, go rent a documentary.
...the marriage of drama and action is tenuous at times, but all in all, this is a pretty impressive grown up summer blockbuster.
...the gladiator epic as a male stripper fantasy with Brad Pitt removing his armor as much as possible.
You may be thinking, 'I fear Hollywood, even when it comes bearing gifts.'...Troy is the real deal, even allowing for Pitt's non-Herculean performance as Achilles.
The digital work is superb with the huge battle scenes looking very realistic.
Falling between Gladiator and Return of the King, it's as good of an ancient war epic as you're likely to find in this post Lord of the Rings era.
This is a frequently flawed film, but for fans of classical adventures it is worth seeing anyway.
a 'chick flick' war adventure that suitably adapts Homer to inspire thousands of high school comparative essays.
Troy is to Gladiator what Jakob the Liar was to Schindler's List.
Moderately impressive battle scenes with a framework of insipidly teenaged dialog about love and honor.
...there's just something exciting about watching two men attack each other with crude weapons.
The wrath of Brad looks more like a migraine.
The end result is the sound and fury of Homer undone.
The battle scenes are impressive, but you get the feeling that you've already seen this kind of monumental scrap done with more finesse.
Il y avait longtemps que je n'avais vu un film me tirailler autant entre le positif et le négatif.
Big, bold, superb epic mixes timeless themes with here-and-now issues to strong, startling effect.
For all its hype, "Troy" is just another war movie wrapped in a bigger, prettier box.
It's massive, opulent, passionate and -- unlike most summer time-wasters -- surprisingly intelligent.
This movie makes it look like there haven't been any advances in dialogue and acting technique since Charlton Heston's day.
With some good action acting from Pitt and Bana, it's a shame that Troy doesn't make enough out of the romantic center of this story.
Troy is a Cliffs Notes version without the helpful observations, a classic fable reduced to soap opera cheese and action movie idiocy.
crammed with near-campy moments and dialogue that often suggests 'The Young and the Restless -- 1200 B.C.'... ultimately seems as inauthentic as a gyro from Taco Bell.
Nothing more than a bigger, louder, glossier, possibly even sillier film than those cheesy Italian cheapies with U.S. titles like Mole Men Vs. the Son of Hercules.
Had I been more familiar with the Iliad source material - "source" in that the names and locations are similar - I would have been furious and bored, instead of just bored.
"Gladiator" it isn't. But it's a good solid popcorn-munchers' action flick all the same.
A prime example of Hollywood "epic" making at its most misguided.
Forget the topicality if you want -- anyway, it's only there if you scratch the surface. What isn't buried is the movie's larger-than-life zeal.
...this is really Brad Pitt's show, and while he gives a physically impressive performance, he fails to find a way to turn Achilles into the hero this story demands.
Worth seeing for the fight scenes, for Bana's understated Hector, for Sean Bean as the pragmatic and crafty Odysseus, and for the spectacle of the Greek army laying siege to the mightiest city of the ancient world.
As it is, [Petersen] doesn't just fall short of The Iliad. He makes you want to run out and rent Gladiator.
A hugely entertaining film, sprinkled with moments of brilliance.
Recalls an age when Hollywood not only gambled on but flourished with grandiose epics and casts of thousands, and brings megawatt star power to what is, at root, a brilliantly told story.
'Troy' definitely must be seen on the big screen to appreciate its full impact.
At its best, Troy shows why movies like The Ten Commandments, Ben-Hur and Quo Vadis were so profitable. Alas, Troy also shows why those movies went out of style.
... several of the scenes are just some of the best battle scenes I've seen in a long time.
It's a crime that one of the most fascinating stories of ancient literature could be turned into such a dull film.
Despite the spectacle of war with which Warner Brothers hopes to entice audiences, Troy is essentially an anti-war film.
Worse things have been done to 'The Iliad' than turning its heroes into pin-ups.
Says Hector: "No son of Troy will ever submit to a foreign ruler." The bootleg of this movie is sure to be a big seller in Fallujah.
Troy panders to the viewer and flatters the Academy as baldly as Cold Mountain did last year, and to exactly the same unwitting effect.
Inspired by one of the great pieces of classic literature, it's pure Hollywood formula. Just barely worthwhile.
As physically stimulating as Troy purports to be in content, the mental aspect of this film has all the charge of a defective catapult.
To me the most sympathetic character in the film is Hector, played with smoldering intensity by Eric Bana.
Won't disappoint fans of such splashy Hollywood spectacles.
Reminiscent of a cheesy Harlequin romance that just so happens to have lots of big battles and expensive effects.
Maybe they found the text by Homer of Simpson rather than Homer of Asia Minor. Mmm … breastplates.
director Wolfgang Petersen and his cinematographer Roger Pratt fetishize their Achilles, Brad Pitt, with more gusto than they do the woman whose face launched all those boats
This is a huge movie, with huge sets and huge characters, and it's nearly as enthralling as the glorious epics it emulates.
The Achilles' heel of such epic making is that Hollywood no longer has the talent or the innocence to pull it off.
Though Troy is undeniably flawed in terms of script and acting, it's still a genuinely exciting, enjoyable blockbuster.
It is also, unfortunately, a mysteriously cold production filled with stagy, melodramatic characterizations doing little to bring these classic and timeless characters to life.
Troy isn't so much a simplified retelling of The Iliad as a re-imagined version of it, told wholly without imagination.
If only Petersen and Benioff had stayed truer to the original tale and resisted Hollywood's tendency to dumb-down the story and big-up the production design.
While the story doesn't work all that well as a drama or romance, it does offer good fight scenes and some great spectacle in the grand Hollywood tradition.
O apelo universal da história narrada por Homero é o suficiente para que o filme mereça ser visto.
If you feared Pitt would be too lightweight, more Pacific calm than Aegean storm, his performance here will convince you.
This is one of the best fantasy-type movies in years, not counting the Lord of the Rings
Sweeping and dramatic, Troy is an epic in the truest sense, and short of Mel Gibson’s Passion, it is the best film to hit theaters this year.
Petersen orchestrates a handsome battle sequence, but this attenuated stew of stagy posturing and unconvincing domestic drama runs aground on Pitt's preening deportment and drama-class line readings.
Solid entertainment, true to the '50s formalism that so inspires its grand production design, ornate costumes, proverbial cast of thousands and sometimes painfully earnest dialogue.
Often plays like what it is: a clunky toga-and-sandals picture, with Hollywood compromises abounding.
As summer-movie entertainment, Troy delivers the Trojan horse, and then some.
All Hollywood and no Homer, but within its limits, it's a vigorous, entertaining movie.
For a summer epic, this is depth, and the terrible, ordained finish (with that tricky Trojan horse) still stirs us.
Petersen has made an action epic for grown-ups -- the kind we haven't seen for, oh, 40 years.
All of the visual majesty that hundreds of millions of dollars can buy cannot obscure the perfunctory and unsatisfying development of the major characters.
Although the sheer scale of this production is undeniably impressive, there's little grandeur or sweep to this would-be epic, which lacks both the visceral power and genuine pathos of Ridley Scott's Oscar winner Gladiator.
Classicists won't learn much about Greek culture, or even pick up a decent recipe for moussaka, but as all-out, big-budget action movies that are set 3,200 years in the past go, this one will do just fine.
Offers several popcorn buckets' worth of good old-fashioned time at the movies.
In a role that requires larger-than-life dimensions, [Pitt's] pretty terrific.
If buff and burly Bronze Age warriors and sword-and- sandal-style bone-crushing and bloodletting are your idea of fun, Troy is a worthy destination and serviceable movie epic.
A bit of a whimper for a $180 million movie that seeks to measure the weight of war and clocks in at nearly three hours.
For two hours and 45 minutes, the movie plays like an ersatz Gladiator that's aimed even more squarely at the frat-boy audience.
Epic in the best, old-fashioned sense.
The first hour of this unnecessarily long tale is rough sledding.
Surrender to the testosterone-fueled story ... and Troy delivers some grand epic treats.
The lackluster ensemble hired by the director is overwhelmed by the generally impressive sets and crowd scenes (aided by computer-generated images), by the task of playing epic heroes and by David Benioff's rambling, tone-deaf screenplay.
There are breathtaking vistas, taut political intrigues, dangerous romantic liaisons and one of the greatest wardrobes ever assembled for a costume drama.
Director Wolfgang Petersen and screenwriter David Benioff decided to excise the gods from Greek mythology and simply give us a collection of buff dudes and simpering women, characters that would be at home hangin' in The O.C.
A war movie with a cast of thousands, a few moments of genuine drama, lots of familiar faces, graphic violence and enough glistening male thighs to attract a female audience along with the action geeks.
It's a handsomely designed, executed and acted film that is as enthralling on subsequent viewings as on the first encounter.
Camp, overwrought, unsophisticated and big fun to watch.
Achilles is cute and all, and he knows how to fight -- he apparently learned his stuff from Hong Kong action movies -- but there's nothing dramatically compelling about the way he's presented here.
Such a tame and timid epic -- it's all meek to me.
Riveting entertainment with a bit more on its mind and a sense of grandeur that's undeniable.
The real strength of Troy rests in how everything on screen appears within the realm of possibility.
Troy may not be the stuff of legends, but on the whole it's still a very good action-adventure movie.
If ... the clank of sword on sword and the donning of armor quicken your pulse, Troy qualifies as this week's big-screen toy.
Thanks to Bana and O'Toole, Troy partakes in the power and pleasure of a story with such classic pedigree.
There is a lot of guts and glory here, but not a lot of heart.
The movie sidesteps the existence of the Greek gods, turns its heroes into action movie cliches and demonstrates that we're getting tired of computer-generated armies.
A horribly misguided throwback to the worst such pictures of the '50s and '60s.
What's missing from the experience is the poetry only a director can bring to an enterprise this sprawling.
In the end, Troy is an empty Trojan horse, likely to be swept under the rug in early July by the arrival of King Arthur.
Gorgeous men in skirts... it should be better but I didn't fall for that Trojan horse bit - where they disguise an average script by surrounding it with talented actors.
How many summer pictures can you name where you're not certain if the right side wins?
It's as much an adaptation of the Pottery Barn and Abercrombie & Fitch catalogs as Homer's lofty verse.
Just because you look like a Greek god doesn't mean you should play one. Brad Pitt, this means you.
I love Brad Pitt as an actor, but other than kicking some a** and getting nekkid for the ladies there's not much for him to do here. Wait to rent this one.
Se disfruta sin culpas si no se compara con la obra que le inspira, y si no se busca un apego estricto a la Historia, sino un tono épico de estilo Hollywood ...
Bruising battles and some stirring performances make Troy enjoyable, if rather long.
Epic battles are the main draw of Troy, but the excellent cast help keep things interesting.
...a little too long, a little too redundant and a little too boring for my taste.
A flashy, flighty, violent heckuva good time.
Alas, like the famous Trojan Horse, Troy is hollow on the inside.
Coming off the fakery overkill of last week's Van Helsing, it's refreshing to see computer imagery used to improve a story instead of BECOMING the story.
The muted, leering tones detract from the subjects the film tries to handle seriously.
As memorable and fulfilling as a good bag of movie popcorn.
'Buff young hotties carving each other up and crazy old British hams chewing the tent flaps.'
Troy boasts one remarkable and poignant scene: a surprising encounter between a grieving king and the warrior who has killed his son and taken away his body.
[S]ome powerful relevance, amidst the old-fashioned grandeur, in its indictment of senseless war based on deceit and glory-seeking...
There are well-hewn and deeply engaging character shadings that capably fortify the moments between Troy's astounding action sequences.
Not a story of heroes and villians, of good triumphing over evil, but of flawed, selfish men locked in a deadly struggle in which there can be no winners, only losers.
Like a Trojan Horse, Troy is built on a shell that at first glance is appealing, but reveals its deception when you least expect it to.
Director Wolfgang Petersen has managed to construct an epic war film that is devoid of any meaning, passion, or commitment from any of the main characters.
It is flawed, but its mistakes are those made by someone trying to make this material intellectually tenable.
Blustery acting, big battle sequences, and lots of 'sweeping epic' shots, and there you have it -- Troy, a mainstream film depiction of The Iliad, at last.
It's basically a long-ish, well-crafted epic, thanks to a timeless story that even Tinseltown can't find a way to mess up.
It is good, old-fashioned, sword-and-sandal storytelling with multiple close-ups of sweaty hunks but is classic only by Hollywood's diminished definition of the word.
For a film that shows nothing but utter contempt for the stories it was born of, it is strange at how much the filmmakers require the viewer to be well versed in the history
It's lost in a sandstorm of directionless mediocrity. Wolfgang Petersen had a thousand to choose from and missed every boat completely.
Peter O'Toole brings a real thespian touch to King Priam, adding blueblood appeal to an otherwise working-class Troy.
Such an exhilarating piece of epic filmmaking that it pulls you in, sweeps you up and works very much as its own thing.
Although screenwriter Benioff's attempt to make the dialogue contemporary is sincere enough, the final product is flat and soap opera-like more often than not.
This big, expensive, intermittently campy example of Hollywood Homerism is desperate to be regarded as a classic. It isn't, but it's not so bad either.
A gripping, well-told adaptation of one of the oldest human dramas.
An action picture of stunning scope and stirring spectacle, with a love story between two callow nitwits that is its Achilles heel.
When the film focuses on the Trojans, it's splendid. But when Troy attempts to sort out the competing agendas of the Greeks, it drags.
Despite all its oversized spectacle, the movie feels small and unimportant, just the latest in a growing trend of large-scale, ancient-war epics.
The new epic Troy isn't a bad film, nor is it particularly good. It's merely uninspired, uninteresting and unimportant.
What do you get if you start with the first great narrative of Western civilization, then remove all the psychological complexity and profound characterization?
The opening scene involves two thousand-man armies marching determinedly toward each other across a field the size of Rhode Island. And that's one of the more modest battles.
This hulking, flawed epic stomps about with furious thunder, managing to entertain even as director Wolfgang Petersen turns parts of Homer's epic poem into an afternoon soap opera.
Troy's sword-and-sandal spectacle is tempered by the human drama of men who fight to protect their homes or for their honor or to gain immortality and glory through deeds.
Mr. Petersen achieves a noble mood of dignity. Dignity is a forgotten virtue with many contemporary filmmakers, but he manages a majestic overview of both the glory and the folly of combat.
The camera creeps and swoops around Pitt and Bana, as if they're Kirk and Spock in some kind of hyper-realized "Amok Time."
This is hardly an Iliad adaptation for the ages. But if you're hankering for sand, sandals, and swordplay, this could be the movie for you.
This movie is the watered-down, greatest hits, Classic Comics version. It's mostly about the fighting. And Achilles doesn't rage so much as pout and glower.
The first genuinely satisfying, purely entertaining popcorn movie of the year.
Eyes blazing, O'Toole's work is the highlight of the flawed but enjoyable Troy.
Greedy kings, lusty virgins, buff heroes, a cast of thousands, huge battle sequences and a face that "launched a thousand ships"--Troy has it all and then some.
It does possess the aura of the ancient -- at least within the parameters of the Hollywood epic.
So far, with Van Helsing and Troy, the very strong theme of the summer seems to be "More is Less."
From a technical standpoint Troy ceaselessly impresses, but that doesn't make the story any easier to embrace.
In a league with Hollywood's top historical epics, ancient or otherwise.
While the movie may not be deeply moving, it never lacks for speed or clarity.
Troy is the best sword and sandal epic since Gladiator!
Never has a finer extravaganza of deliciously defined dueling manly-men been put to film... it is, however, Homer-lite in the telling of the epic tale. Read on->
Pitt has the looks and athletic skill, his Achilles heel is his acting ability
The removal of the gods from the material has all sorts of problematic results, for which Petersen has not found adequate solutions.
I doubt there has ever been a more spectacular folly
This isn't the story of powerful heroes but of powerfully flawed people.
The film often taxes your patience by teasing battle sequences and then lapsing into filler scenes of minor subplots that seem to spring up at random.
Troy is a popcorn epic, focused more on entertainment than enlightenment. After the bloated boredom of The Last Samurai and The Alamo, we'll take it.
With its spectacular, brutal battle sequences, it has the sword-and-sandals historical scope of 'Gladiator' - but not the heart.
Troy is an exciting movie full of more intrigue, drama, betrayals, affairs and skin-baring hunky guys than The OC.
What's not to like?
A kings and killing, damsels and glory, film that lacks spiritual or cinematographic warmth.
This is an 'epic' only fans of The Rock could enjoy.
An oddly uninspiring film that is as puny in ambition as it is epic in scope.
Turgid Homeric hodgepodge.
Petersen has made "Troy" in the image of a Trojan horse -- immense and impressive at first glance, but empty on the inside
Were Pitt a more charismatic lead, its sin of insignificance would probably have been redressed to some degree.
A pageant long but not deep, noisy but not stirring, expensive but not sumptuous.
For two hours or so, 'Troy' is a reasonably good boys' adventure story--a sort of Classics Comics version of Homer. In the final act, however, it goes haywire.
A sword, sandal and mullet epic on a Herculean scale.
Sure, it's the Cliff's Notes take on a classic, with movie stars and big battles. But didn't most of us read the Cliff's Notes anyway?
a mismatch of talent not even a Trojan Horse could overcome
Pitt is dazzling as Achilles.
Troy is one of the most expensive movies ever, and much of that budget went to pay for the scaffolding around Peter O'Toole's head.
Awesome battles compensate for clunky dialogue.
So solemn, portentous and impersonal it calls to mind a quote from the other Homer (Simpson): 'Your movie is more boring than church.'
Troy fails to garner any excitement from its massive scale, but Petersen does have an amazing gift for filming one on one action.
Buff, blonde and beautiful, Pitt turns the Trojan War into something like the model contest in Zoolander.
As a war movie, Troy is strangely noncommittal -- the slaughter has a numb, ineffective, over-processed tone to it.
The better elements come together in a way that can hold one's interest, but the only moments that truly stand out amongst the battles and beefcake are Achilles' fight scenes.
Cheerfully reminiscent of the classic old-school epics.
this literate, intelligent script rises above the fray of blood and hormones to become a cautionary tale that strikes a chilling contemporary chord.
One of the world's greatest legends has been reborn as one of the year's greatest films; here's why it's true.
The 160 minute running length makes you battle weary, but action fans will glory in the heroics for the sake of conquest and immortality.
Troy, besides being tremendously entertaining, is the best crib-sheet guide to Homer ever.
This is The Iliad as a WWE SmackDown: violent fights, snappy insults and a connoisseur's idolatry of beautiful brawn.
Despite a sensationally attractive cast and an array of well-staged combat scenes presented on a vast scale, Petersen's highly telescoped rendition of the Trojan War lurches ahead in fits and starts for much of its hefty running time, to OK effect.
A protracted and uninvolving affair in which men battle over issues that audiences may struggle to find compelling, and no central figure emerges to take command of the film.
Wolfgang Peterson's Troy naturally subscribes to a no-shirt rule for ancient Greece's most prominent heroes.
In a time when 'epic' has become a lazy prefix to any large-scale film, Petersen's effort truly deserves the label.





@highlight

A brawny, entertaining spectacle, but lacking emotional resonance.