It's quite easy: either go get a sedative and calm down, dear. Or see this gentle and frankly boring-as-hell movie.
Sherwood Kiraly's slight script only makes this embarrassment of riches seem more embarrassing.
This Sundance hit is a sleeper surprise of the summer -- a one-of-a-kind original.
A gentle, agreeable dramedy, Capacity reveals that Kinney has a unique hold on tone and shares a palpable charm with his actors.
Alda's Hawkeye Pierce charm gives way to something snappish and cagey, while Broderick's fussy stiffness is perfect.
Suffering from a diminished level of interest, do we know how to live up to a title, or what?
I wonder if all this worked better as a book. It begins modestly interesting, but becomes merely agitated.
Didn't we invent film festivals so we could sequester all the star-studded 'how I spent my summer vacation' indie film projects and keep them out of our arthouses?
Although this is no 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off', Matthew Broderick does return to Chicago for a wonderful, wacky little gem.
There is some suspense as to the fate of that baseball card.
A slog through determined wackiness, it's apt to leave audiences cold.
The actors look as if they're having a reasonably fine time, but there's no sense of commitment here, no sense that this was a movie that absolutely, passionately had to be made.
A mild pleasure from one end to the other, but not much more.
Smart and well-written, filled with good lines and just enough offbeat moments to make it interesting, not annoying.
Striving for low-key character comedy, Diminished Capacity ends up diminishing its returns.
It has moments of sweetness, but not enough poignancy or wit to turn it into the endearing art-house comedy that it aspires to be.
The problem with this film ... is that it features too many other sad sack characters who ... contribute to an excess of sad-sackness.
Great, just what we needed: another rote exercise in indie-feely humanism.
A movie about memory loss shouldn't be so forgettable.
Bland indie comedy isn't very memorable.
Diminished Capacity is blessed with a blue-ribbon cast.
It's the kind of lite movie you go and see with your mom, and she'll say she liked it -- but then a year later, you're both trying to remember what it was even about.
A mediocre effort that never really goes anywhere and never really pays off, trying too hard to be funny without delivering on the premises introduced over the course of the movie.
Pure, unadulterated mediocrity.
The milieu is interesting but there's too much acting (particularly by Alda) in this quasi-witty, semi-melancholy road comedy, perhaps a result of helmer Kinney's theatrical background and lack of directorial skills.
An affectionate buddy road movie about baseball, elder belligerence, and uneasy male bonding between two odd couple mentally challenged guys. And while one appears to have simply lost his mind, the other can't seem to keep track of his.
A pleasant enough diversion, but DC will be bettered watched from the horizontal position of a couch, one to which the film seems all too eager to send you.
Plays like diminished comedy.




@highlight

This low-key comedy about memory loss offers mild pleasures but is too bland to fully resonate.