I suppose the basic truth of this film - that support of terrorism negates all shred of political virtue - is too powerful to ignore.
"The Green Prince" is a dramatized documentary based on Yousef's autobiography, "Son of Hamas." And, while I don't particularly care for reenactments, I do believe Israeli filmmaker Nadav Schirman did an excellent job of bringing Yousef's story to film.
Though no film really has a hope of untangling the complexities of the conflict, this succeeds in putting a human face on them.
It's a remarkable story, told with slick thriller flair, focusing increasingly on the interdependence of its subjects, who chose personal morality over political rhetoric, with isolating results.
Schirman, a young Israeli film-maker, has gotten hold of an extraordinary espionage story and - how could he not? - turned it into an undeniably gripping documentary.
Depending on your perspective, Nadav Schirman's troubling documentary is either a story about heroism and friendship or a study in extreme treachery and bad faith.
Taut dramatic reconstructions and an extraordinary story of strained allegiances, subterfuge and an unexpected friendship makes the The Green Prince as tense as any Hollywood thriller.
Gripping stuff.
One of the most incredible chapters in the war between Israel and Palestine deserves a better movie.
Together with artfully filmed re-enactments creepily evoking his jail terms and interrogations, they retrace the route he took in his transformation from young Arab activist to political conspirator.
Sketchy, overly simplistic, and invested to a rather tasteless extent in the Hollywood-friendly thrills and spills of its story.
Unfortunately, the film raises more questions than it answers.
It's a riveting story, weaving together a story of two men's psychological and emotional journeys under the blanket of espionage
This is very powerful stuff, but what you ultimately make of it will have a lot to do with the politics you bring to watching it.
A gripping tale of espionage and friendship beyond borders, The Green Prince is a pleasant surprise and most definitely worth a watch.
They tell their stories with passion and intensity, making the most of every word.
It's a movie that raises as many questions as it addresses, and which never quite convincingly answers even the most pressing one: Just what made the son of a radical Palestinian-liberation leader go to work as an Israeli spy?
If you're interested in Middle Eastern politics, this is certainly a film you will want to see. If you don't arrive already interested in the topic, however, The Green Prince can be a long slog.
The movie's empty pizzazz is especially irritating because the story would have been compelling without any embellishment.
It's a harrowing tale of intrigue and betrayal, but also one of a friendship that survives despite extraordinary circumstances.
It's a fascinating story, but the film lacks context and corroboration.
[A] gripping documentary set against the internecine battle between Israel and Palestine.
This a film that leaves many unanswered questions, but it's nonetheless satisfying, because it resonates emotionally and offers a ray of hope that the human spirit has the ability to trump entrenched political perspectives.
These interviews complement rather than contradict each other.
The Green Prince is an extraordinary achievement. It has all the suspense of a great espionage yarn, but it's also a powerful moral document that calls into question the tactics of terrorism.
Prince often plays like an NPR special, but the purity of feeling and inherent suspense of the story remains alert, adding new dimension to a numbing conflict.
It takes a personal rather than a political perspective, exploring the ambiguities of truth and individual identity rather than the complexities of an ongoing historical calamity.
The film, written and directed by Nadav Schirman, presents itself as a documentary. Beyond that, things get murky, starting with the question of what, exactly, The Green Prince documents.
Timely, taut, spellbinding and surprisingly heartwarming. It might be the most important documentary about Israeli-Palestinian relations since Promises.
It's probably well-intentioned and unquestionably well-made, but Hollywood convention and the real subjects of politically and morally fraught territory is a toxic combination.
Spy thriller derring do. . is exciting and reenactments are high level. . . charismatic tellers of unusual partners deep in human intel gathering with fraught moral dilemmas.
The story plays well regardless of what one's opinion is about the conflict, because it primarily operates on the more universal, relatable aspects of human nature.
Though it's set in the context of a highly combustible international situation, its emphasis is always on the personal, on these two men and what they came to mean to each other.
If "The Green Prince" sustains the tension of a well-executed thriller, it is achieved at the cost of a dispassionate objectivity.
The Green Prince is a spy story, after all, and in all the most truthful ones, everyone gets burned and betrayed whether they did the right thing or not.
More than just a morality tale, "The Green Prince" is a thrill-a-minute spy caper too strange to be real, though it is.
"The Green Prince" is a timely look at how one man broke the cycle of violence born of blind allegiance by seeking out the facts and coming up with his own solutions.
Plays like an analysis of a corker of a tale, picking its story apart and laying all its parts bare to see if it can be viewed from another, possibly more vital angle.
A taut piece of work that features just two talking heads: a prized Palestinian informant and his ever-cautious Israeli handler.
Its ironies are redolent of John le Carré - Yousef had to be imprisoned so he wouldn't appear to be an informant - and the stakes of his deception are such that the film deserves to be remade with actors, Hollywood style.
Seeing Yousef and his former handler, Gonen Ben Itzhak, relate their memories to the camera at length is like watching a film adaptation of an audiobook.
A real life spy thriller proving the truth is stranger than fiction.
Mostly it's the two men speaking at us, and our interest ebbs and flows depending on which parts of the tale they're telling.
The proceedings have such a rigidly determined structure, amplified by chapter titles, that the power and conviction in their recountings deteriorate into a placid series of back-and-forths.
"...goes a long way towards depicting the dance of loyalties that accompanies generational shifts in political position, and strikes an emotional chord well beyond the world of covert operations.
If you're curious about why a terrorist would work for the Israeli government, look no further.
Suffice it to say, there has rarely been a work, documentary or no, that so thoroughly details both the inner machinations of the Hamas operations, or the interrogation and handling efforts of the hyper secretive Shin Bet.
The human journey behind a most unusual collaboration in the Middle East slowly comes into focus in this documentary.
With "The Green Prince," an extraordinarily engrossing tale becomes an extremely uncinematic experience in the hands of Israeli documentarian Nadav Schirman.


@highlight

The Green Prince doesn't answer all the questions it raises, but it's still timely, gripping -- and ultimately uplifting -- viewing.