There's really only one hole in this film ... but that one hole is crippling. Make Adam a bit less of an immature jerk, and If I Stay becomes a sweet little movie with a broad appeal.
Moretz manages to convey some of the delicate and bittersweet shades of love and romance with a maturity that prevents the movie from becoming a sob-fest. Therefore, the story moves at a brisk pace.
Two sins -- emotional button pushing and fantasy pandering -- loom large in this visualisation of the 2009 bestseller by Gayle Forman.
This venture feels slightly contrived.
The film's tone can't seem to find a footing as the seriousness of Mia's family's situation in the hospital is juxtaposed with the pseudo-dramas of teenage love.
For long stretches, [If I Stay] seems like a TV pilot for a WB show that, rightfully, did not get picked up.
If I Stay is the best when it focuses on its characters and relationships. Everything else is somewhat extraneous.
[Laps] itself in a race towards tastelessness that no one asked it to run.
The problem with this film is its languorous style and overwhelming use of a soppy atmosphere.
If I Stay proves another trite tale belittling its earned emotion with misguided adolescent fantasy.
A true middle-of-the-road effort, provoking neither scorn nor admiration
If I Stay never explains whether Mia's is a special case or if everyone who hovers between life and death has that decision to make. And if it's the latter, does that mean your gramps and meemaw simply didn't love you enough to stick around?
The only way "If I Stay" could make me cry would be if I had to watch it again.
Shamelessly engineered and sappy, but swoony romantics (c'mon, you know you are one!) may not much mind.
The title refers to Mia's fraught decision-should she cling to existence or just give up?-and, well before the end, even loyal viewers will be begging her to hurry up and choose.
... a manipulative tearjerker that feels more contrived than authentic and more heavy-handed than profound.
Documentarian R.J. Cutler, in his feature debut, joins Moretz in delivering this pap as if it meant something. Cue eye rolling.
Moretz is very much a star on the rise. Alas, there are bound to be potholes along the way -- and this dying teen tearjerker is one big enough to snap axles.
...a decent adaptation that could've been just a little bit better.
Based on the Gayle Forman novel, this teen weepie is wrenchingly emotional and packed with girly fantasies.
It sounds mawkish as hell, but director RJ Cutler reads his target teen audience well, crediting them with more intelligence and resilience than one might expect.
This shamelessly manipulative teen weepie turns on all the taps, but improbable characters and trite dialogue mean that all but very lachrymose viewers will probably remain dry eyed.
Traverses potential minefields of romance movie melodrama with precision and clarity.
It's no The Fault in Our Stars, but it's not a complete dud either. That will have to do.
Honest, emotional teen melodrama with a great performance by Chloë Grace Moretz that serves as a beautiful metaphor for the choices that teen girls face.
The yuckiness here comes from a manipulative and sugary screenplay that makes even the terminally lachrymose The Fault in Our Stars seem dry and restrained by comparison.
With arguably the most banal dialogue this side of a Nicholas Sparks movie, If I Stay wastes the considerable talents of Moretz in a calculated tear-jerker aimed squarely at young teenage girls.
If I Stay is a teenage drama so soppy it needs to be wrung out every ten minutes.
Spins its wheels with bland melodrama.
The film is entertaining, but undemanding. It offers no twists, nor surprises. It plays out like a road map where every stop and turn is clearly marked.
There's only so much whispering of sweet nothings between our protagonists on random rooftops, before you question whether this is in fact a parody. Alas, and quite remarkably, it isn't.
For a drama pretty much aimed at 12-year-old girls, this is less superficial than you'd expect.
It's interesting to make a driven young female the focus of the narrative, but the cloying narcissism on display will soon have sane people - of all ages - wanting to give up the ghost.
Crass and corny ...
Strip away the supernatural framework and this is just another teen romance with an add-on message about chasing dreams - not just boys - to keep it politically correct.
If you see just one weeper based on a YA best seller about teen love blossoming beneath the dark cloud of death this year, do yourself a favor: See the other one. If I Stay makes The Fault in Our Stars look like Citizen Kane.
While there is tragedy at its centre, it's also about the power of love - among family, friends and lovers.
Incurable romantics will find it a polished and superior weepie that is earnest in its intentions and largely successful in its execution.
The great Young Adult Allowance Grab continues.
If I Stay doesn't rate as highly on the hanky-meter as The Fault In Our Stars but, goddammit, it's trying.
Romance-Sweet, Movie-Not
Chances are you'll be wishing our heroine would just make up her mind, so the rest of us can go home long before the resolution.
Mia just feels like another Moretz role - a career move, not a characterisation. There should be rage and agony in her performance. Instead, there's a lot of mewling and diligent cello playing.
In a movie where the title refers to the choice between the protagonist living and dying it's really not a great sign that you may find yourself willing her to go.
Cynical and sentimental it may be but it still packs a punch.
Too many false notes add up to a Nicholas Sparks-lite teen romance.
Mordant young adults might enjoy its maudlin wallow.
Where's an F-bomb when you need one?
"If I Stay" alternately seems engineered for tears, giggles and swoons, and it shouldn't have an issue with making adolescent girls go through all of those in turn.
...it's regrettably the case that If I Stay is made of the stuff the [YA] genre's harshest critics presume it to be.
Early summer found The Fault in Our Stars producing the tears in our eyes, but late summer can only offer the heaviness in our eyelids in the form of If I Stay.
If 'Begin Again' and 'Just Like Heaven' were to reproduce, their offspring would be 'If I Stay,' a solid drama that's as much about understanding what's important in life as it is about falling in love.
The best tissue-ready feel-good family film about dying you'll see all August. Is there anything Ms. Moretz can't do on-screen?
The life-or-death urgency is underpowered, when a few jolts are needed.
The movie often shoots Chloe Grace-Moretz in soft-focus, as if even the camera lens is getting misty-eyed.
If I Stay's blend of teen romance and supernatural melodrama doesn't break the YA mold, but it's a decent addition to the genre nonetheless.
Like the car riding along that snowy road, the movie starts to swerve into uncomfortably melodramatic territories, and it isn't long before any forward progress established by director R.J. Cutler smashes into an embankment, as well.
So slow, boring and badly written and acted that it's not If I Stay but how fast can I leave.
Cutler flows between the present and the past to show Mia's loving connection to her family, music and friends in her life. This design makes it difficult to predict where this story will end, an accomplishment considering the limited options.
What should be eerie and magical in the other-worldly wanderings seems quite routine in the movie version of a book that the publishing company calls "beloved."
This girlfriend-in-a-coma story won't just leave you feeling softer in the heart. It will leave you softer in the head, too.
Not that this teen drama is a bad film. It's just difficult to connect with such artificial characters.
The heroine lies in the coma, but the audience may feel brain-dead by the end of If I Stay.
Heartbreaking but faithful adaptation will please book fans.
You want these people to have real challenges and messiness. But their lives don't quite feel lived in; they feel exemplary.
[Moretz's] grounded, naturalistic presence goes a long way toward making mushy material palatable.
For a movie with music at its core, If I Stay sure is tone deaf.
Combines vague spirituality and teen narcissism to unmoving effect.
Director R.J. Cutler is shameless as he goes after the heartstrings. Luckily for him, the cast repeatedly comes to his rescue.
Mistaking control for adoration, If I Stay makes Twilight look like a Gloria Steinem manifesto.
There's a sweet love story that makes If I Stay into a decent date movie for those ready to invest in an emotionally heart-wrenching tale.
'If I Stay' is just good enough to satisfy anyone who goes to the movies looking for a good cry and just interesting enough so that the rest of us aren't crying out of boredom.
One almost wishes for a sequel - "If I Stay 2: The Inevitable Resentment."
A pretty run of the mill teen melodrama. Suffers in comparison to THE FAULT IN OUR STARS.
If I Stay is true to principle in one significant regard: It makes no concessions to anyone outside its teenage female cohort.
Moretz has a nicely calibrated energy and intensity, and the teen romance ups-and-downs of Mia and Adam's relationship - are they really soul mates, or will he drop her when the right groupie shambles along? - feel authentically OMG-ish.
[The] script by Shauna Cross ("Whip It") ... leans too heavily on sentimentalism and thick slabs of cliché-filled narration.
I just checked out of this one too many times to muster any great enthusiasm or emotion. (Complete Parental Content Review also available)
"If I Stay" overcomes its more hackneyed embellishments and mawkish dialogue for a sensitively composed tale where themes of sacrifice, understanding and courage ring identifiably, piercingly true.
As silly and melodramatic as the gimmick at its core.
Though it's occasionally syrupy, it features some very strong moments from a number of actors that actually make it stand out a bit from the rest of the pack.
Plays like a high school version of 'Ghost.'
"If I Stay" shuttles between lachrymose developments at the hospital and a series of flashbacks that detail the Mia-Adam relationship. Not surprisingly, the romance is where you want to be.
A touching story about an appealing young couple.
Director R.J. Cutler keeps the framing simple and the pacing brisk right up to the final shot, which may catch some audience members unaware.
What works for readers, left free to produce their own versions of fantasy devices, can be gigglesome for audiences confronted with a film's prefab literalism.
A cleanly directed, credibly acted machine for the production of tears.
This overlong adaptation of Gayle Forman's popular young adult novel manages to make the usually effervescent Moretz seem dull.
Maybe on the page this all seems less ridiculous.
If you're not in tears by this movie's end, it probably wasn't intended for you anyway.
What might have been simply a cheap bid for tears turns into a complex portrait of a girl navigating an extremely difficult path to adulthood.
If I Stay is like Twilight meets It's a Wonderful Life without the vampires and angels.
It's a tough balancing act melding dewy-eyed teen romance with family tragedy, and harder still to weave in rousing rock performances and gorgeous classical music. If I Stay ambitiously tries to fuse it all and occasionally succeeds.
The film, based on the novel by Gayle Forman, is an almost deliberate confirmation of Alison Bechdel's claim that women in film are so often shown only in relation to men.
Poignant and sensitive - it's a tension-filled tearjerker which should satisfy its intended audience.
For those who enjoy tear-jerkers, "If I Stay" will provide a satisfying three-hanky experience.
"If I Stay" just barely makes the B honor roll, despite a fine job by dark-indie darling Chloë Grace Moretz in her mainstream breakout performance.
Even with the supernatural elements, If I Stay is never particularly compelling.
[Chloe Grace Moretz's Mia] seems like Carrie without any hope of a looming body count.
The settings and supporting roles suggest that "If I Stay" started out as someone's passion project, but the final product only requires its star to sleepwalk through buckets of schlock.
Almost everything in the film feels either forced or false, so the tears aren't earned.
Nearly every conversation reveals a hollow disconnect, as if the performers didn't understand English and learned all the dialogue phonetically.
There are even shades of Bergman in the existential premise, but director J.R. Cutler is more interested in the young leads' cookie-cutter romance, and the clunky nonlinear plot precludes any sort of comprehensive narrative.
[If I Stay] turns a comatose teen's out-of-body experience into such a bland and pedestrian experience, it's out-of-mind soon after the closing credits.
Moretz is an appealing young woman whose star is rising. She'll probably have an exceptional career, but "If I Stay" won't be a highlight.
I went through half a pack of Kleenex watching "If I Stay." But know this: those tears are no more honestly earned than if director R.J. Cutler had merely been chopping onions in front of me.
Cutler is selling a certain kind of product with "If I Stay," but he sells it honestly and well.
The acting is solid across the breadth of the cast, with all the actors fitting nicely into their roles. Mortez is especially good; she brings humanity and believability to Mia.
A teen soap opera...[that] has all the authenticity of a project written for the CW network by Nicholas Sparks.
Cello pudding.
You may wonder how Moretz landed in the Cartoonistan of this dewy melodrama, and chalk it up to alien abduction. Yet she almost convinces you, solely on the power of her commitment.
There's no question that you'll cry at some point during this film. Beautiful young people on the brink of death will do that.
A real turducken of a teen movie, If I Stay stuffs a tale of budding musicianship into a banal romance and then stuffs that combination into a maudlin supernatural melodrama.
Ultimately, "If I Stay" is a just barely average teen weepie, enlivened by some pretty cello music but never coming to life.
Compared to another recent teen weepie, "The Fault in Our Stars," this one comes up wanting.
Uses its flimsy supernatural premise as framework for a lackluster romance.
Chloë Grace Moretz is luminous as always, but the lazy writing and dull direction she's saddled with here is so conspicuous that even the book's most ardent fans will likely leave disappointed.
"Stay" a Dismal Example of Modern Storytelling.
We're spared the otherworldly garishness and tonal whiplash of Peter Jackson's The Lovely Bones, but this fusion of milquetoast romance and maudlin handwringing remains beholden to a questionable degree of wish fulfillment.
It has a handful of eye-rolling moments, but they're few and far between thanks to Moretz's presence, a refreshing teen romance, and understated drama that works.
If I Stay effectively delivers on its promise of a weeper for teenagers. It will not disappoint its market, and it will not convert the uninitiated.
"If I Stay" only left me nearly comatose - and very eager to walk into the white light of the lobby.
Manipulative, contrived, melodramatic -- but a well-executed teen weeper, nevertheless.
There's something morbidly gratifying about the supercalifragilistically supernatural elements of If I Stay, even if the movie isn't ultimately as effective as it could be.
[Moretz is] a rapidly rising star and the role is her first full-fledged romantic lead. But a few minutes into the drippy teen love-and-death story, you'll likely wish she hadn't.
A deft and nicely packaged mix of romance, music and tragedy.
While many of the big moments of If I Stay can be easily dismissed, it's the little ones that elevate the film to at least mixed-bag status.
The overall execution is so pedestrian that it's possible to feel more moved by the filmmakers' good intentions than by the actual emotional content onscreen.
A poignant portrait of a life precipitously hanging in the balance which pushes all the right buttons to open the emotional floodgates.

@highlight

Although Chloë Grace Moretz gives it her all and the story adds an intriguing supernatural twist to its melodramatic YA framework, If I Stay is ultimately more manipulative than moving.