I may like this genre of comedy, but a film like this makes me hope it's going to fade soon.
The material is weak, the focus is too narrow, the pacing is laboured, as if the editors were cutting in anticipation of the laugh track.
I'm trying to think of something nice to say about this movie but I'm drawing a blank.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a genre that has met with some success must be in want of parody.
This intermittently funny spoof on dance movies has more Wayans in it than actual laughs.
The main problem is its sheer laziness. Where the likes of Airplane! ...had a soft spot for the genre they were satirising and used that to cleverly subvert expectations and provide surprises, everything about Dance Flick is tame.
As indignity and amateurishness battle for depressing precedence, Dance Flick becomes the comedy equivalent of torture porn, albeit with worse SFX and notably fewer laughs.
To say they fail is to insult the word fail. Scene for scene, there were probably more chuckles in The Reader.
This comedy is so bad it will make you want to tear out your eyeballs and use them as ear plugs.
Aims at the lowest common denominator of taste and falls well below its target.
Cheap, dire, tedious, unfunny, offensive and desperate attempt to induce laughter. Those are just a small selection of the disparaging adjectives that can be applied to this putrid tripe.
A musical spoof with two left feet and no rhythm.
I's even more depressing that the laughs are tumbleweed-thin on the ground and so unfathomably groan-worthy.
Fart jokes and fat gags are top of the agenda in this flat-footed parody.
The genre is ripe for mocking. But this steers clear of smart observational comedy and goes for gross-out every time.
Toothless and obvious, even its 'best' gag - a farting-ballerina set piece - was done more effectively, for free, on YouTube a year ago.
The simple strategy behind the film? Step one: take an iconic scene from a popular film. Step two: add either a) a black stereotype, b) a fart, a burp or some other bodily function, or c) a gay joke. Step three: double-check it's offensive.
A depressingly stupid parody of movies such as Save The Last Dance and Step Up, this relies even more than their previous films on toilet humour.
Less a movie and more a series of sorry sketches, Dance Flick is about as bad as it gets.
Most of the humour is obvious and the rest of it is adolescent at best. There are only so many jokes about bodily functions or homosexuality one person can stand.
Much of the material is stupid enough to make anyone's brain ache.
Fans of their Scary Movie and its sequels know what to expect, though perhaps even they will notice here a thinning in the comedy and a coarsening in its misogynist and homophobic riffs. Not an honest laugh in 90 minutes.
Another movie spoof so lame the kindest thing one could do is shoot it and put it - and us - out of our collective misery.
Desperately unfunny comedy that lurches clumsily from one tedious spoof scene to the next, under the mistaken impression that just referencing a film or a celebrity is enough to get laughs.
A few very throwaway chuckles rank it above Meet the Spartans and Disaster Movie in the movie gutter, for what it's worth, but it's been assembled with the usual shoddiness.
Dance Flick is a clod-hopping daddy hoofer of a pic that's arrived about a decade too late.
This pastiche never manages to find an actual joke. We're left with a painfully convoluted non-plot trying to link together a series of lead-ins to never-realised punchlines.
Footloose and fancy free of comedy.
Unfunny and a poor excuse for satire, Dance Flick follows in the poor tradition of appalling spoof films.
If you're really out of it, you might get off on it. There are few laughs and plenty of lows in the Wayans Brothers new pic, Dance Flick, a low-brow comedy spoof whose appeal will no doubt vary depending on how inebriated you are
When is someone going to think of the bright idea to do a parody on Wayans movies?
But though Dance Flick only has a vague, passing resemblance to Sucka or Scary Movie, and it isn't very funny, it's at least kind of sweet and mostly inoffensive.
The gene talent in the Wayans family isn't as strong in the second generation.
Crude, offensive and amateurish, it exhibits all the wrong moves since the nimble bits are in the trailer.
The Wayans are the masters of spoof.
The whole enterprise seems hopelessly out of date and out of step, especially when you consider such brainy, pointed parodies as last summer's Tropic Thunder.
Limps along like it has a bunion the size of a cantaloupe.
It isn't highbrow -- or encumbered by scruples -- but the Wayanses retain their vulgar, adolescent derision of sex, class and race. In this bow down to Hollywood millennium, their irreverence is almost subversive.
In this enjoyably dirty-minded sendup of when-ballet-met-hip-hop youth musicals, the Wayans brothers hand the directorial reigns over to their nephew, Damien Dante Wayans, who piles on the stupid/smart gags with just the right what-the-hell abandon.
Yes, it's rated PG-13, except it's also inappropriate for anyone over 13.
If there exists anyone in the comedy business less funny than the Wayans clan, it's Amy Sedaris, so she's here, too.
A dance movie with two left feet - two unfunny left feet.
Dance Flick isn't the bottom of the barrel, but for anyone who knew the Wayans family in their heyday, it's nothing but a scattershot disappointment.
'Dance Flick' may be offensive to dancers and other living things, but it's also very funny.
Coarse, adult-oriented fare guaranteed to induce more groans than guffahs.
The best Wayans movie since the first Scary Movie. The Wayans' are in top form taking the benchmarks of dance movies to an extreme degree. They can't keep it up, but it remains a solid satire with more to say than many quickie knock-offs.
A spoof on dance movies that offers escapism of the lowest sort.
For the die-hard fans of the spoof genre, this will be more of the same. But for the rest of us... well, it's more of the same, just in a worse way.
Welcome to Wayans: The Second Generation %u2014 and the 'do you really think that's funny?' gene didn't skip them.
The jokes here aren't just low-hanging fruit, they are fruit lazily taken out of the moldy pile.
Dance Flick occasionally hits its mark with nimble execution. But too often it stumbles clumsily into bad taste.
What it isn't is subtle, smart or particularly funny.
Amy Sedaris alone is worth the price of admission.
In the grand tradition of spoof movies, most of the best stuff is in the trailer.
Dance Flick is a movie that will make you yearn for the subtle humor and profound character exploration of White Chicks.
All the Wayans in the world (Keenen Ivory Wayans and the least funny of the gang, Shawn Wayans, were lead Wayans' in the all-Wayans script) can't keep this from running out of mildly amusing ideas after 40 minutes.
Don't say you haven't been warned.
It would be easier to recommend the movie if it weren't so inconsistent, sometimes aiming for real wit but more often settling for the lowest common denominator.
The Wayans brothers used to know how to do this right.
A painful, slapdash, unfunny, gross, inane debacle -- a comedy without a clue, a spoof without any sense of sport.
Dumb spoof is too raunchy, gross for tweens.
Only in the Wayans-brothers universe would "surprisingly not terrible" almost qualify as a ringing endorsement.
Pro forma and tasteless, if not excessively vulgar, the movie loses its urgency when it becomes an almost verbatim example of the melodrama it's skewering.
A shapeless and crudely made mess that looks and feels like what you might get from a bunch of kids screwing around with a camcorder at a family reunion (and considering the number of Wayans involved, that could actually be the case here)
Pooling together all their funny business DNA, the Wayans tribe goes for the jugular with its down 'n dirty trademark humor, while barely clinging to a PG-13 rating.
While there's certainly ample comedic sport to be had at the expense of the recent glut of overly melodramatic teen dance dramas, Dance Flick rarely stays on the beat.
The Wayanses have made a movie that elicits a few chuckles and a lot of long, awkward silences
Parental Content Review
As usual with most comedies, the best parts of the film are in the trailers.
Can the audience stick with this flick that showed most of its funny bits in the trailer? For the most part, yeah.
Its belly laughs leave you feeling liberated and not guilty; I repeat, not guilty.
...hilarity is supposed to ensue. But it really just doesn't.
So to all the world's 8th-graders I say this: Don't give up hope! Keep making the same jokes you're making now, and you may one day be a filmmaker, too!
Grueling, but mostly watchable. Funny? Not so much.
This send-up, created in large part by new-generation family members Damon Jr., Craig and Damien Dante Wayans, possesses a more nimble comic footing.
There's an art to making a good spoof, but good luck finding it in Dance Flick.
Not a perfect 10, but the Wayans crew hit their mark more than they miss.
The clumsy result is what the teen target aud might call a "dance fail."
If you thought the world couldn't get enough of bad spoof movies, you thought wrong.
Aside from a half dozen salient bits that call bull**** on the white-black symbiosis portrayed in films such as Step Up, more times than not Dance Flick falls flatter than Eddie Murphy's butt in Norbit.
a very funny, very entertaining film. Is it perfect? No way. Does it live up to the reputation of classic comedy spoofs like Airplane! and The Naked Gun? Well... yes.
So is Dance Flick worth recommending? Not for everyone, or for many. But there is an exuberance in the direction, and a certain not-easily-offended audience who will eat it up. You know who you are.
The storylines function as thin threads to hold together set pieces, which mainly work thanks to tight writing and fast pacing (dud scenes, and there are several, breeze past).
We live in desperate times. But no one's desperate enough to laugh at Dance Flick. Which is sort of encouraging, no?
I mean, come on: it's a scant 75 minutes long, contains a well-deserved swipe at the goofiness that is the Twilight saga, and features a beatboxing vagina. If that doesn't marginally entertain you, nothing will.
Who needs Middle Eastern oil when the Wayans Brothers project enough energy for U.S. needs until the next Wayans comedy?
It stinks, but the Wayans family has done a lot worse.








@highlight

Dance Flick scores a few laughs thanks to the Wayans brothers' exuberance, but it's ultimately a scattershot collection of gags without much direction.