Strangely, they told a story from Marshall's life where he took the backseat to a white man.
It features two fine performances by Chadwick Boseman and Josh Gad. While many characters in the film are one-dimensional, the story itself is compelling and the two main characters work well together.
The missteps pile up, the tone descends into middlebrow pablum.
Marshall misses opportunity after opportunity to be truthful and relevant in the world today because while, it looks good, and the story unfolds pretty flawlessly, it has blinders on that disregard the depths of the circumstances and impacts of the case.
A standard, albeit perfectly constructed, courtroom drama, which at times feels like a pilot for a TV series chronicling Marshall's celebrated career.
Thurgood Marshall is a real-life superhero and Marshall is his origin story
Offering a glimpse at Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall's life, Marshall offers thrills, mystery, and gripping storytelling.
I highly recommend Marshall.
Marshall's brilliant legacy gets the short shrift in favor of a meat-and-potatoes courtroom mystery, albeit a satisfyingly twisty one.
A rousing courtroom drama about Thurgood Marshall as an ardent NAACP lawyer in a town convulsed by racial hatred of blacks.
What does Chadwick Boseman have to do to become a household name?
While slowly choking on the worthiness of its subject matter, Marshall putters along perfectly pleasantly, and messrs Gad and Boseman are a winning double act.
The result is a top-class courtroom drama, thanks to a beautifully balanced screenplay, top-notch performances from the ensemble cast and a nagging sense that, even almost 80 years on, this sort of injustice still hasn't gone away.
The film does have the desired effects on the less demanding parts of the brain. And Marshall's story is one worth hearing.
Marshall would have benefited from a much more serious tone and approach, not shying away from the true brutality of the time.
The courtroom scenes are pretty paint-by-the-numbers; things feel less sterile when the action moves into smoky jazz clubs and on to rain-slicked streets.
Thurgood Marshall deserves a feature film about his life and career. This just isn't it.
It's the filmmaking equivalent of a collective exhale. At least for many of us who believe that all men and women truly are created equal.
...an absorbing drama based in fact, about a true American hero.
This is either one brilliant satirical commentary on traditional racial stereotypes in Hollywood movies or it's not.
The courtroom aspect feels conventional and the film lacks real insight, but it's professionally handled and Boseman does solid work.
It's a racist/anti-Semitic Venn diagram pulled together in a really watchable courtroom drama.
It's a fascinating and somewhat obscure and laudatory slice of Marshall's professional life, and that's all, and that's fine. But there's room for another Marshall picture.
It all makes for a rousing piece of historical drama.
This real-life case makes for an entertaining courtroom drama that nonetheless reduces Marshall to the level of Perry Mason and consigns to the end credits his greater triumphs.
In ignoring the lived reality of colorism, Marshall creates a circumscribed version of blackness that's easy for white audiences to consume, lacks any sort of challenging narrative, and bypasses the more fascinating wrinkles in its characters' lives.
The tight focus helps make Marshall more courtroom drama than biopic.
"Marshall" could have been a contender, but it just sits there awash in familiarity.
[T]he film treats historical matters flippantly. . .This approach would be dismissable except that it's also part of the currently fashionable ahistorical attitude toward black Americans' personal and public progress.
Marshall is a reliably entertaining film based on a celebrated 1940s trial in the early career of Thurgood Marshall...
[Boseman is] totally convincing as an energetic young man, blessed with fierce idealism and swaggering charisma.
Overtly cinematic, but given the fact so much takes in the courtroom - an area ingrained into the fabric of classic, cinematic storytelling, it gives the director a licence of sorts, and the approach becomes endearing, even if not entirely authentic.
The end result is so compelling that it leaves you wanting to see Thurgood take on his next case. Is a TV series based on Marshall's career too much to ask for?
The true revolutionary stroke of genius here is the decision by screenwriters Jacob and Michael Koskoff to set their story during something other than Brown v. Board of Education.
Historically significant, this tonally uneven biopic is filled with cultural resonance.
A relatively bland historical drama is at its best when toeing the line between the comical irony of racism and the outright brutality it inspires
The problem with this hokey courtroom drama isn't that it says the right thing in the wrong way, the problem is that it ultimately doesn't say anything at all.
Chadwick Bozeman excels again in his third biopic in four years, this time the tamely named 'Marshall.' Though 'Thurgood' might have been a wiser title, more than a few entertaining and important moments remain in an occasionally uneven telling.
It's like Beverly Hills Cop or a Lethal Weapon movie, and enjoyable enough to make me hope for a sequel in which Thurgood goes to Kansas.
A distinct snapshot not only of the main character but of the setting that resulted in his becoming historically important.
In playing Marshall, his third historical African-American figure after Jackie Robinson and James Brown, Boseman is all swagger, delivering an elegant and eloquent performance.
Reginald Hudlin directs "Marshall," and while the trial is the movie's centerpiece, thematically, it also serves as a backdrop that shows segregation, prejudice and racism - in all its ugly incarnations - is not confined to the South.
Boseman has headlined biopics before as James Brown and Jackie Robinson, and here, he imbues the young Marshall with a quiet confidence and a dogged devotion to truth and justice.
[Director Reginald] Hudlin's movie means well yet seldom fulfills its purpose.
Marshall features some great performances, and might be worth watching just to see Chadwick Boseman alone.
The twists and turns of the court case are good if not mind-blowing, and the narrow view of Marshall feels like more of a taste of a biopic than a comprehensive treatment, but added together, they make "Marshall" an entertaining tale.
Gives the 'Law and Order' treatment to an early case of Thurgood Marshall...if accurate, it's entertaining and informative, although Josh Gad's character was not the novice this film portrays him to be.
You may also find yourself wanting Marshall (but not Marshall) to keep going, but preferably in a much more incisive, truthful and dangerous movie than this one.
Despite its flaws, the film winds up doing justice to its true-life subject in a low-key and unassuming manner that Marshall himself would have probably appreciated.
Marshall isn't particularly interested in going deep on Thurgood Marshall the man-it's more about the Marshall, the myth. That said, what it is is just fine.
Marshall reminds us that before the legend, there was the badass young warrior.
By all means, see this film. Just make sure to learn more about the great man at its center as soon as possible after you exit the theatre.
Generally well-told, although it's unclear why this particular story was the best Marshall one for a movie
A well-told film, although it's unclear why this particular story was the one chosen for a movie
Reginald Hudson directed the film with an agenda, but the flawed film works beyond that goal.
"Marshall" gives us a look at a small but significant civil rights case that helped form the future Supreme Court jurist who helped decide some of the country's most landmark cases.
Simply, an important film as well as an entertaining one.
This captivating real-life courtroom drama is a winner thanks to Chadwick Boseman's multi-layered portrayal of the nation's first African-American Supreme Court Justice.
I kept hoping that Marshall would take off and soar, which it never quite does... but it tells its story well.
Charged by Boseman's dramatic lightning, Marshall gives us an electrifying glimpse of a great man in the making.
Director Reginald Hudlin ("House Party") casts his protagonist like a Western hero, a confident do-gooder who rides into town, deputizes a local, then rides off into the sunset.
...balances clichés against the far-more interesting subject of unlikely camaraderie that blooms out of mutual persecution.
Marshall proves, a movie can be entertaining AND complicated.
Marshall is hip and glib, sharp in its pinstripes, a high shine on its shoes. It might feel a tad irreverent to anyone who goes in looking for a sermon.
Chadwick Boseman makes a charismatic Thurgood Marshall, but the biopic Marshall is not what the legendary man deserved; its focus is too often turned away from Marshall himself.
The Remember the Titans of civil rights dramas.
Most unforgiveable, for a film that centers on a high stakes court case, it fails to generate any tension regarding the outcome of the case.
You have to think there are better ways to tell the story of Marshall, his life and his climb to the land's highest court, but those details are left to post-script notes.
For a film simply called "Marshall," you do expect to get a wider slice of his life, which is relegated to onscreen text. In fact, he ultimately becomes an ensemble player in his own eponymous film.
An enjoyable enough film despite pulling a significant bait and switch.
This is an absorbing drama on many levels, as a courtroom mystery, as a historical depiction of the roots and mechanics of social change, and as a personal story.
Marshall's story -- even part of it -- remains a worthy subject.
This straightforward courtroom drama excavates the struggle for Black civil rights without making it seem like ancient history.
It is buoyed by its incredible cast, which enhance the biopic and are able to make even the entirely predictable teem with drama and charisma.
Marshall, but one of many tales related to late Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, proves to be surprisingly enjoyable.
The last time a Supreme Court justice got this treatment was never.
Like any good courtroom thriller, Marshall leaves plenty of room for dynamic performances, and the cast comes through effectively.
an arresting, engaging story
Though this is not the biofilm Marshall deserves, this glimpse does offer a view of the ingenuity, perseverance and courage that propelled the Howard University law student into becoming a crusading attorney...
Thanks largely to the interplay of Boseman and Gad, it works, and probably better than it should, with its blend of drama, humor and -- best of all -- fist-pumping triumph.
Marshall isn't exactly a marvel, but it's very good.
Marshall never tries to elevate itself beyond being a courtroom drama. It's a good courtroom drama, to be sure, but the focus on the case and not the people prevents the film from elevating itself to something better.
What we get of Marshall in Marshall is fascinating; if only there was more.
While the film is constructed from top to bottom for maximum popular entertainment, it is unwilling to let us leave the theater without reminding us that these battles are far from over.
This episode of Marshall's life ... has been transformed into a routine courtroom drama, and Marshall himself has been given what is essentially a supporting role in that story.
It's fun, it's lively, and it's a hell of a show, but at times, it's also just a little empty.
Here's something refreshing-a great-man biopic, simply titled Marshall, that's more concerned with the man in his earlier years than with the greatness to come.
A portrait of the jurist as a young man [that] resembles a good made-for-cable movie, and in Boseman and Gad it boasts a strong team.
... Boseman embodies the nobility of Marshall's calling and his cause, yet he also bares a sly, rakish side of the civil rights icon.
Considering the wealth of stories connected to Thurgood Marshall, it's a little strange that the filmmakers picked one where he's the support act, not the headliner.
While not the most artful of biographical dramas, when it comes to bringing to life a young, rising attorney deploying the kind of legal acumen that would later make him a boundary-bursting giant, Marshall keeps its eyes on the prize.
Like his character, Mr. Boseman is the star of this show, while Mr. Gad is the second banana and often comic relief. Both performers are natural showmen who never step on each other's moment; they're fun to watch.
By avoiding his most famous case, while at the same time preserving history - and adding pulpy thrills - "Marshall" is more involving than any textbook or documentary could be.
Anchored by topnotch performances by Chadwick Boseman in the title role and Josh Gad, it's a 75-year-old story imbued with modern-day resonance.
Don't confuse this with preachy, moralizing history. "Marshall" is not an eat-your-spinach civics lesson. It's a fictional piece loosely based on fact.
Marshall arguably intends for societal 20/20 hindsight to provide the bulk of perspective throughout.
I don't know if Chadwick Boseman can leap tall buildings in a single bound, but the superman of biopics certainly has a knack for towering figures.
[Chadwick] Boseman gives a sly interpretation of Marshall, simultaneously cocky, philandering, and charismatically crazy-smart.
"Marshall" is one of the freshest and most entertaining films of the year.
Marshall overcomes some early stiffness and flat-footed storytelling and evolves into an engaging courtroom drama, where witness-stand theatrics and Perry Mason flourishes give the movie needed narrative momentum.
A morally simplistic fairy tale that's maybe a good introduction to Marshall for middle schoolers, but doesn't do justice to the hard truths he fought for.
Marshall is a solid courtroom melodrama elevated by Boseman's towering performance and its own timely-as-ever subject matter.
An important look at the man who influenced and structured American civil rights laws.
There's enough in Thurgood Marshall's story for another two or three movies, but this one's an engaging chapter in the early morning hours of the civil rights era.
Boseman and Gad are both good.
It draws an impressive portrait of Thurgood Marshall as a strong and towering figure. If only it didn't do that by making everyone around him so weak and small.
In this time of intensifying, acrimonious racial division, maybe what we could all use is an old-fashioned courtroom drama that extols the virtues of justice and equality.
The courtroom drama is pretty entertaining, even if it's completely predictable and often played very broadly.
"Marshall" revisits such serious history that it feels almost disrespectful to talk about it as a fun movie, but it is.
Thurgood at 32, but once removed, as channeled by a nerdy mercenary.
Never underestimate the power of a courtroom drama: the ringing questions, the preening lawyers, the dramatic pauses, the clicking of puzzle pieces fitting together, the ultimate belief in justice for all.
A sometimes slight, sometimes serious courtroom drama, shot through with bright certainty in the coming triumphs for Marshall and the civil rights movement. It's a superhero-style origin story: Thurgood, pre-"Brown v. Board of Education," pre-black robe.
Marshall is an absolutely riveting film. It is a snapshot of Jim Crow America, where racism and segregation permeated every facet of life.
Failing to be incisive or moving, "Marshall" is content to be genial and unthreatening -- two adjectives that have never been used to describe the long, hard, ongoing fight for equality.
Sometimes gripping and sometimes silly, a likable entertainment that never purports to resemble in any convincing way the people and times it depicts.
I won't give away too many of those details, but suffice to say that each new revelation kept my eyes glued to the screen, providing exhilaration to a movie that seems in danger of devolving into a string of cliches in its first act.
Marshall fits nicely into the same category as other memorable race-based courtroom dramas such as Loving and even To Kill a Mockingbird.
Audiences with appetites primed by violent, gory TV crime procedurals might not have the patience for the more stately, dignified pace, closer to Perry Mason than How to Get Away With Murder.
It pays attention to issues of racial, religious and gender discrimination without wavering from its main objective: giving us an entertaining film about a couple of guys who are in way over their heads.
Walk away from the straightforward legal drama and you will learn this towering, influential titular figure . . . was a smooth lawyer in 1940.
Fun, inspiring... A Movie America Needs to See Right Now
Reginald Hudlin's look back at an early case in the career of eventual Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall is as downright entertaining as it is sadly historic.
A biopic that is not always as compelling nor hard-hitting as it could have been... [T]he experience is something less than memorable.
This is why the story is important: it shows us that books cannot be judged by their covers or past actions. When the evidence is presented, humanity still has the ability to overcome any prejudice.
The movie urgently dramatizes the threat of racist violence that poisons personal relationships and judicial proceedings alike.
It's not at all anomalous to see it on a theater screen. In fact, it's an extremely pleasurable anachronism from a movie era where theater audiences would often be expected to be serious-minded adults in search of hero stories.
It's interesting enough, but that's not usually sufficient recommendation to get audiences out to a theater.
By approaching Marshall as just another idealistic young trial lawyer, the film stands on its own as a compelling courtroom drama, complete with surprising revelations ...

@highlight

Marshall takes an illuminating, well-acted look at its real-life subject's early career that also delivers as an entertainingly old-fashioned courtroom drama.