This movie manages to be offensive and yet dull and predictable, as phony as a Kate Spade sidewalk knock-off bag and as unoriginal as the ready-for VH1 soundtrack.
Because I Said So seems like it's supposed to be a paean of sorts to motherhood and the enduring love that entails, a love so strong that it inevitably drives its possessor somewhat batty. But what it is, is muddled crap.
Like steel pins poking through the eyes
The ensuing cycle of miscommunication is endless and trying.
There are chick flicks and upchuck flicks. The movie Because I Said So is an upchuck chick flick.
This is a by-the-book chick flick we're talking about, but the writers and director apparently didn't want to push the envelope when it came to the supporting characters -- or the main characters.
Because I Said So isn't very funny, and no amount of having Diane Keaton act all post-menopausally zany is going to create the tension that just isn't there.
A veteran of classic films such as Annie Hall and The Godfather, Diane Keaton should have known better than to sign up for this kind of light and fluffy schmaltz, even if the director promised she would look great in her underwear.
Matricide.
It's a lame duck of a film.
A light-weight comedy about mothers and daughters, Because I Said So is a bit like the chocolate soufflés that Mandy Moore's Milly cooks throughout. It's light and fluffy, but on occasions it does not rise to the occasion
each character in the film is so shallow and cold that there's nobody for the audience to cheer on.
There's more than enough material here to make an enjoyable drama about a mother and her adult daughters. But the writers and director fail on virtually every front.
I don't think anyone actually wrote Because I Said So; I think that some Hollywood artificial intelligence think-tank instead fed DVD box sets of The Gilmore Girls and Sex and the City into a computer, along with Pottery Barn catalogs for roughage. ...
At 61, Diane Keaton is still doing her ditzy, girlish thing, but the act is getting a little oppressive and rarely more so than in Because I Said So, an indulgent comedy.
[A] better movie might have surfaced if everyone had taken their Ritalin and calmed down.
I hated this movie. I think it's the worst performance of Diane Keaton's career.
In this unwatchable romantic comedy from director Michael Lehmann Diane Keaton plays Daphne Wilder, an inept mother of three pretty but not-believable-as-siblings daughters.
As well as providing lifestyle porn, the many scenes set in stylish kitchens mean there is usually a cake on hand for somebody to be splattered with. That's the level of the bland attempts at comedy.
With very little rewriting and a different director in charge, Because I Said So could have been retooled as a horror thriller. ... That version probably would have been funnier, too.
A desperate comedy whose frequently acute insights into tense, but loving mother-daughter relationships is constantly hamstrung by ill-advised forays into physical humor and too much reliance on Diane Keaton's mania.
I've been giving it a great deal of thought and come to the conclusion that the squandering of Diane Keaton's screen legacy is without parallel in the annals of cinema.
Laughter is largely absent from this sorry, shrieking mess.
Treats women like idiots and men like inflatable sex toys.
At one point Daphne warns Milly, "You're going to end up like some pathetic character in a Tennessee Williams play." If ever a film could have used a character from a Tennessee Williams play, it's this one.
There's a special circle of hell reserved for whoever thought up the moment where Macht tells Moore she smells like "cake batter".
If there's a worse screenplay in 2007 than this offering from Karen Leigh Hopkins and Jessie Nelson, it'll be written in crayon.
A bit like the 'Friends' episode in which Phoebe has to choose between two men, only with Diane Keaton, and fewer laughs.
Just a few years ago, Keaton played a character who was sexy, funny and intelligent in Something's Gotta Give. This one's more like Something Gave Out.
A shocking embarrassment for all concerned, this is a badly written, badly acted and poorly directed mess from start to finish.
If you're a mother or a daughter some of it may resonate, but how apt that this painful, toothless farce was originally dreamt up at the dentist...
A bog standard all-girls-together comedy with a decent cast and less impressive characters.
Towards the end, the spectacle of Milly faking an orgasm for her mother's edification is, frankly, enough to kill anyone's hopes of romance.
Some of the nonsense could be overlooked as part of rom com conventions, but Because I Said So's shrillness makes for an exhausting experience.
...the writers and director go out of their way to make [Diane Keaton] look ridiculous, pathetic and stupid...
On screen or in real life, meddling moms don't get more neurotically ebullient than Diane Keaton's dessert maven in the regrettable 'Because I Said So.'
Everyone here is a caricature, and the gaps are papered over with hyperactive shtick. I haven't seen so many cakes dropped or smashed since I Love Lucy.
A movie that's so bad, it's actually painful to sit through.
Lehmann manages to give his characters a little bit more personality than is the norm in such movies, but he doesn't bother to hide the contrived paces he puts them through.
Because I Said So's biggest sin is that it treats its characters like idiots, with Keaton's Daphne leading the charge. [She's] a woman who apparently makes her living by baking the occasional cake, most of which land on the sidewalk or in her face.
The plot is about as revelatory as a bad Hallmark card, and the lowest common denominator humor results in a moviegoing experience that's almost as appealing as having a conversation with my mother about orgasms.
It's hard to find a more stalwart movie monster in the last ten years than Keaton, who's gone from a charming neurotic to a cobwebbed, cell-phone-wielding vagina dentata.
The days when Woody Allen told Keaton there was nothing wrong with her character that couldn't be cured 'with Prozac and a polo mallet' are long gone here.
If you don't expect too much of it, you may find yourself pleasantly -- all right, soothingly -- surprised by it.
Fairly annoying from start to finish, primarily because Keaton is still relying on that ever less-endearing assortment of addlepated antics which won her an Academy Award for Annie Hall back in 1978.
A romantic comedy that will make you hate both romance and comedy... oh, and also women.
The only time Keaton is tolerable is when she's not saying anything at all, the result of laryngitis.
It would be forgivable if the film was trying to be representative of real life. But it's not.
It's inadequate to say that this film stars Keaton; more accurately, it has befallen her, and it's hard to imagine what she did in a previous life to amass such a huge (presumably now resolved) karmic debt.
Diane Keaton has delivered many terrific film performances, but her over-the-top work in 'Because I Said So' isn't one of them.
The story plays out like a really raunchy episode of Petticoat Junction.
Even the film's costume designer makes Keaton look ridiculous which is no mean feat given that she's clothed in the actress's own style.
An unfunny comedy about an interfering mother and a dysfunctional family that demeans women big time.
[A] trite, manipulative, excruciating nightmare of female pyschosis and idiocy presented as feminine adorableness.
The cast is too talented for the likes of this.
Whatever you do, don't go see this movie. Why? Because I said so.
Recycling every cliche in the rom-com handbook, it's clear from the very first that Lehmann has sacrificed his characters on the altar of sappy endings. What a waste -- for everybody.
Though it is far from perfect, I'm giving it a pass... once you get a little distance from the pandering, the movie kind of takes off.
Filled with characters you'd thankfully only find in a bad romantic comedy, Because I Said So is an unbelievable, unenjoyable mess.
It's almost too much to handle, the filmmakers forcing the talented cast to speak in such rapid-fire cadences a lot of the emotional material inherent in their words can't help but get lost amidst the chaos.
In lieu of plot, it's cluttered with bad driving scenes, dog reaction shots, falling-splat-with-cakes scenes, and watching old movies scenes.
An hour into the film, my girlfriend leaned over and whispered, "I wish she (Mandy Moore) would just go ahead and punch her mother (Diane Keaton)."
Definitely not funny, and not appropriate for young teenagers! Yuck!
Another example of filmmakers insulting the intelligence of their audience
Diane Keaton's dizzy iconoclast shtick was kind of cute, rather endearing, and even a little feminist 30 years ago. Now it's just nails-on-a-chalkboard obnoxious.
Believe me when I tell you not to see this unless you're subpoenaed. It's that bad!
As almost everyone knows by now, the early part of the year has become a dumping ground for dreadful movies. Still, Because I Said So constitutes unusually toxic waste.
It's so derivative, unfunny and thuddingly bad that it's one of the more cringe-inducing movies of a genre chock-full of clunkers.
What was Diane Keaton thinking when she signed on to play a shrill, off-putting mother whose unbelievable, over-the-top antics are utterly annoying to watch? Even the title is annoying.
Diane Keaton has a lot to answer for in her willingness to portray Hollywood's idea of middle-aged womanhood.
Spark? Romance? Wit? Nope, sorry.
Bette Davis and Joan Crawford, when they reached a certain age, played harridans and ax murderers. Diane Keaton has started playing mothers, but, alas, the effect is about the same: She's scary. Very scary.
With Keaton in devastating overdrive, Moore can barely exercise her own brand of ginchiness.
Playing a ditzy control freak of a mother with serious boundary issues, Keaton comes across as such a screeching, flailing flibbertigibbet that you want to give her costars tranquilizer dart guns.
Keaton is a national treasure, always worth the visit even when, as is the case of Because I Said So, her movie isn't.
Every year Hollywood trots out a movie like this on Super Bowl Weekend. A movie by, of, and for women. Because I Said So, though, is like the work of some narrow-casting, niche-marketing mad scientist.
There's a charming bonhomie among the sisters, and there are cute touches to the romances.
There's not a scene in its ode to dating-quota acceptability and capitalist victory that isn't awful.
The movie plays out like a freshman film school project with a big budget; it's very pretty to look at and every plot twist is telegraphed with painful precision.
Any relationship between the world of Because I Said So and actual human behavior is purely coincidental.
The jokes are crude and repetitious.
Call it a hunch, but I don't think you're going to see a clip from the appalling romantic comedy Because I Said So at this spring's Diane Keaton tribute at Lincoln Center.
As a member of their generation, and one who considered them among the best actresses of Hollywood's most probing era, I am both cheered and alarmed by the recent spectacles Jane Fonda, Susan Sarandon and Diane Keaton have made of themselves.
It could have been an enjoyable light comedy, or a dark tale of obsession, but it doesn't work.
The search for true love is the backbone of romantic comedy as well as the lifeblood of match.com, but this film's clumsy, completely inauthentic portrayal of it is handled in a shockingly tedious fashion.
It's still no fun to watch one of our best veteran film actresses flailing so much.
Diane Keaton should stay away from such derivative, degrading roles.
One of those rare movies that is so fantastically, fabulously bad, so bursting full of putrid dialogue and appalling scenes, that it becomes worth seeing as some sort of artifact of horribleness.
My motherly advice is: Skip it.
The result is a 105-minute cringe-a-thon that reduces the Katharine Hepburn of her generation to a sitcom harpy presiding over a brood of Valley Girl chicks.
There are lots of cakes involved in the film, and each time one shows up you know it's likely to be thrown, fallen on, dropped or pressed into someone's face.
What makes this seem sad instead of simply silly is the way Keaton throws herself into this slop.
It's safe to say that it wastes the talents of a good cast -- one that definitely deserves better than this.
The cake that lands in Keaton's face isn't the only confection that turns up in this movie about the romantic life of a caterer, but there's nothing genuinely sweet about it.
I am about to issue a declaration that amounts to blasphemy among many film critics, fashionistas and women of a certain age: I am so over Diane Keaton.
It's a shame, because pop star Moore continues to prove herself an adept actress.
Keaton is almost unwatchable in embarrassing scenes that involve an over-the-top car chase and a computer with a mind of its own.
The line between hysterical and hysterics is a thin one, and, although it has its funny moments, for the most part the tone and timbre of Because I Said So falls soundly on the wrong side.
Because I Said So exasperates because even its best intentions are phony.
My mom said I should save my money and catch this on video later.
Every cliché that's ever been in a romantic comedy appears tossed into Because I Said So and delivered by very unfunny actresses.
Ultimately, even a vivacious Diane Keaton can't make a familiar film feel fresh -- no matter how hard she tries.
BECAUSE I SAID SO is undone by its uneven screenplay
A predictable, strident and unfunny mass of clichés.
Keaton capably pulls off even the silliest slapstick... (but) practically everything in 'Because' is spelled out in the simplest terms, set in bold typeface and then marked with a highlighter pen, lest we miss the meaning.
Do mothers really ask their daughters about orgasms?
Because I Said So is an exercise in deliberate mediocrity, with chuckles and heartwarming moments distributed as carefully as nuts in a factory-made brownie.
An exercise in canned cuteness.
this film is like Kevin Federline at the guidance counselor's office - it just has no direction
I kind of felt sorry for Keaton while watching this.
The film contains no laughs, no purpose, and no entertainment.
Because ends up a joyless, patronizing, and obnoxious 100-minute-long commercial for matricide.
You get what you expect with some funny scenes, a couple of make-you-weep scenes and plenty of female bonding.
...Keaton [delivers] a painfully over-the-top, tic-ridden performance...
Apparently retrieved from a dumpster, labeled "Rejected Sitcom Brain Farts," at the Universal back lot and Scotch-taped back together, the screenplay can only be described as a crime against moviegoers worldwide.
scattershot and misbegotten by even normal romantic comedy standards
If these are the only kinds of roles we can conceive for actresses who have grown into their faces, as Keaton has, it's no wonder so many younger performers are seeking the knife.
A depressing example of what passes for a 'woman's picture' in a not exactly woman-friendly media era.
It's barely February, but it's hard to imagine how the movie year could possibly produce a more annoyingly stupid movie.
The whole movie feels pushy.
Wince-inducing.
What the filmmakers try to play for laughs isn't funny, it's creepy.
A shallow rom-com that's not just eager but frantic to please.
The worst date movie since Saw III.
The best moments aren't belly laughs (there are a couple of those, too) but the jokes that ring uncomfortably true.
Because I Said So is a movie about people we don't like doing things no one would ever do.
A gruesome chick flick with a good performance by Mandy Moore and terrific music that has been relegated to the background.
The only good use for Because I Said So would be as a step-by-step handbook on how not to make a romantic comedy.
I spent the bulk of the running time thinking of creative ways for the characters to be murdered.
Lehmann must've hoped Keaton's appealing daffiness would offset the character's repulsive behavior, but it doesn't.
Diane Keaton deserves so much better.
The only thing you can't fault in Because I Said So is Keaton's integrity, as she commits herself completely to a disastrous role.
The brain recoils at even having to recount the ill-conceived plot.
Speaking as a longtime Keaton fan, it's hard watching her go through this overbearing mother phase.
Because I Said So is a work of comic desperation, and an especially cruel betrayal of Keaton, who looks radiant in her 60s yet keeps finding herself cast in roles that use her age as the foundation for cut-rate slapstick.
Throughout most of her career Diane Keaton has shown sound instincts, so it's a mystery why she failed to sniff this false, brittle comedy out as a waste of her gifts.
Keaton may well be the only actress in Hollywood who could play this character without making her despicable or treacly.
It's a perfect title for a film so utterly lacking in worthwhile qualities that there is no logical reason to actually see it.
[An] obnoxious, headache-inducing horror show.
Avoid the movie so you won't waste 90 minutes of your life on an unfunny, derivative mess.
...Keaton kneads the part until it begins to resemble a human being.
There's not a member of the cast who isn't better than this premise or its execution.
Keaton gives a manic, slapstick performance that alternates between being merely bad and being embarrassingly bad. Her work has an unbearable finger-across-the-blackboard effect.
The screenplay for Because I Said So may be short on invention but it is large on heart.
If you're attracted to the classic fairy tale of the young maiden torn between the prince & the pauper and you don't mind a racy modern update to it, you'll have a blast.
...appears to have been made from the parts of other films...
Everything about Because I Said So screams out generic chick flick -- and we do mean scream, literally -- from the forgettable title to the excruciatingly corny ending.
Relentlessly exhaustive, simple-minded, unoriginal and inconsequential Because I Said So seems very disconnected in its bid for cockeyed conviction.
The premise . . . isn't particularly innovative. It is, however, stretched paper thin with characters whose only allegiance to consistency is getting through the uniformly unfunny joke at hand
The entire project seems like a diabolical conspiracy to destroy one of the few icons we've got left, but luckily that's where it fails most of all.
An unbelievable mess.
It's appropriate that much of Because I Said So is set in a bakery, because even in a sea of awful chick flicks, this appalling confection takes the cake.
Welcome to the rom-com in the age of Must Love Dogs.
Stay home. Because I said so.
Innocuous, self-centered and disconnected from any parcel of meaningful human experience.
It's almost hard to believe that this bland, fluffy, two-generational chick flick is helmed by the same director who 20 years ago gave us Heathers, one of the brightest and sharpest femme-driven high-school satires.


@highlight

Overly reliant on caricatures and lacking any human insight, Because I Said So is an unfunny, cliche-ridden mess.