At times this fanciful romp lurches uneasily between violence, slapstick comedy and sublime escapism - in other words, it's pure Gilliam.
Wide-eyed, messy, lustrous, rich with enchantment, both giddy and perverse
The only redeeming feature is the hope that [director Terry Gilliam's] salary from The Brothers Grimm,/i> will help him set up a good, old-fashioned Gilliam film, in the tradition of his excellent early work.
The movie feels thoroughly like a project Gilliam did halfheartedly, just to stay in the game.
A disjointed, ear-splitting, visually-jarring, mirthless exercise in pandemonium that director Terry Gilliam tries to pass off as family entertainment.
everyone involved in the production appears to have become lost in the dark woods, hoping somehow to find their way out with an incoherent trail of compromises.
As magical as classic fairy tales may seem to be, a winking Gilliam is out to prove here that to a profoundly superstitious, stressed out early 19th century world, those legends were as frighteningly real as any documentary or even reality show today.
It's hard to imagine whom the filmmakers had in mind for this lavish production.
It's a slog, an out-of-control fantasy that's strangely unenchanting and, in the end, rather tiresome.
Una aventura cómica y liviana, que se beneficia de la imaginación visual del director Terry Gilliam.
There is much in this film to admire, but it goes by too fast and the story is almost incomprehensible. There is certainly enchantment here, but the story does not do much to hold it together.
The movie is at least twice as good as most people say it is and about half as good as we'd all hoped it would be.
Looks great, but less filling.
... on the whole, The Brothers Grimm is a mess ...
Perfect family entertainment and undoubtedly well worth seeing, but somewhat of a let down.
...darkly amusing, often entertaining and overwhelmingly bizarre. Ultimately, the film gets bogged down in its own adventurous aspirations, although it looks a treat with splendid production design and fantastic effects.
The Brothers Grimm has its moments, but it's ultimately a very flawed film and capsizes under the weight of some hammy performances and a poorly-conceived script.
Gilliam has a history of blaming studios when his films go wrong. But he has no one to blame but himself for this poisoned apple.
Perfect material, you might think, for Terry Gilliam's brain of perpetual invention. But despite occasional flashes of dark genius, he hasn't laid a golden egg.
I wish the plot were pared down, that the magic used more sparingly. But new movies offer us so little, it seems daffy to complain that this one gives us too much.
Em vários momentos, Gilliam parece se preocupar mais com o efeito do que com a eficácia de sua história.
Gilliam's movies aren't mere throwaway diversions... they plug themselves right into the collective psyche and gleefully pull out the stuffing...
Inconsistent and painfully rote.
Surprisingly dull and uninvolving.
The fairy tale-spinning Brothers are recast as faux ghost-busters in Terry Gilliam's muddled medieval mediocrity.
A mishmash of a film that flies off in far too many different directions.
Grim is as "'Grimm" does.
Until the plot goes wrong, this is a thoroughly entertaining period romp
[W]hile it has a handful of solid laughs, just as many of the film's gags fall flat.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the most undisciplined director of them all?
In refusing easy categorization, the film at least flirts with greatness, and occasionally achieves it.
Atmosphere alone doesn't make a movie
Dismal.
It's ironic that a movie whose central characters are two of the world's greatest storytellers should be so careless in telling its own story.
a film overflowing with cool sets and special effects, yet it's also rather emotionally unengaging, something that has plagued Gilliam all throughout his career.
Terry Gilliam is as unable to make an uninteresting movie as he is unable to make a "commercial" film...[but this] feels the most commercial and least Gilliamesque to me.
Kruger may put in his best script, but Gilliam does everything in his power to demystify it with wackiness!
Not his best, but not too shabby either....
Rises slightly above a mere effects parade.
Maybe they should have cast Affleck with Damon and called it "Bad Grimm Haunting"
Not the fairest Gilliam film of all...
The Brothers Grimm is fascinating but only in the way that watching a good director misfire this badly can be.
The Brothers Grimm has enough haunting, fairy-tale imagery for 10 movies, but no emotional kick to drive those images home.
Brazil fans are likely to return from this not-so-enchanted forest disillusioned, sustained only by the scattered breadcrumbs of Gilliam's genius....
It's kind of cold and it's kind of a mess, but I thought it was a glorious mess and it looks so great and it is so interesting and there is so much going on that I have to recommend it on a very mild level.
... an enchantingly quirky [journey]-- provided you're willing to buy a ticket and climb aboard director Terry Gilliam's flying circus, no questions asked.
The Brothers Grimm is numbingly grim even for him, Terry Gilliam. ... Sometimes outlandish and quirky just isn't enough, even by rebel-filmmaker standards.
Un conte de fée à la recherche d'un conte. Pas complètement dépourvu de magie, cependant.
would be too easy to make a pun out of the title "The Brothers Grimm," because its a fair description of the atmosphere of the film itself.
Gilliam is still a visual showman, a childish tease and an artist with an imagination too big for cinema.
there's not one time where it doesn't seem like Gilliam is making horror movies with paint by numbers
Grimms go Hollywood.Gilliam caves in to maudlin filmmaking.
The most unforgivable thing Gilliam has done in this film is to dumb down two of the best looking and radiant actors working today.
It's easy to sense the allure this fantastic project held for Gilliam, but it's hard to imagine the outcome is anything like his early expectations.
.
a dud...Gilliam doesn't seem to be in control of things and leaves his star actors to their own devices.
An aimless chore to sit through in desperate need of a human pulse and a shot of adrenaline.
The movie is an utter mess, but it's the kind of maddening disappointment that could only be made by a director of Gilliam's stature.
Only a cinematic genius like Terry Gilliam could make an unqualified masterful mess like the long-delayed fantastical adventure The Brothers Grimm and still come out looking brilliant.
earns a few points for sheer audacity and stylishness. ...Much of the comedy is clumsy, and the mixture of burlesque and brutality only works about half of the time.
To see what The Brothers Grimm aims for - to see how wonderful and glorious it could have been - is to curse it all the more as it slowly loses its way.
Magical! Wonderful! Gorgeous! Enchantment comes to life.
This time, Gilliam's storytelling is even more convoluted than his bookkeeping.
The film is as much about the process of creation, of spinning yarns and contexts, as it is about any particular yarns.
Gilliam is inspired by the sibling writers, it seems, so he could deliver a goofy comedy.
Jammed with stuff and all but empty of drama.
The best thing to be said about this expensive but drab wannabe mirthmaker is that it has some of its director's quirky touches.
This film does for fairy tales what Time Bandits did for time travel stories
A feast for the eyes, and often very funny.
The result is something that might best be called Monty Python and the Holy Mess.
A flawed but brilliantly imaginative mix of darkness and humor reminiscent of Hammer period chillers like Captain Kronos: Vampire Hunter by way of Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
Its energy is impressive, but its effects are scattered.
An uncomfortable combination of humor and horror, Brothers Grimm is full of flourishes, but lacks Gilliam's absurdist heart.
Even a master fantasist of his daring vision and whimsical humor cannot turn a frog of a script into a prince of a film.
Too violent for children and too inane for anybody else.
Still more engaging than most moviemaking, but nonetheless a letdown after such a long wait.
[Gilliam's] visual alchemy isn't magic enough to keep the story from slipping into incoherence.
This aimless epic about a pair of charlatan brothers sinks under the weight of a problematic script, questionable star casting, hamfisted editing -- and penny-pinching by Gilliam's latest patrons, the Brothers Weinstein.
Sometimes delightful, sometimes tedious, always creative.
A joyless fantasy.
Grim
You won't want to pass this version of The Brothers Grimm on to your children. But you may find yourself coming back to marvel at parts of it for the rest of your life.
Lovely to look at, but ultimately a chore to endure.
The Brothers Grimm might be flawed and chaotic, but it is still one of the few genuinely original and inventive adventures of the summer.
A dark-but-family- friendly $80 million Hollywood FX-o-rama.
Those who adore Terry Gilliam for his taunting French soldiers in Monty Python and the Holy Grail or his weird subversiveness in Brazil may find The Brothers Grimm to be a fairy tale gone sour.
[Gilliam's] two great successes -- Time Bandits and especially Brazil -- were dazzling enough that he's been struggling ever since to prove that his best work isn't behind him. On the evidence here, the struggle continues.
Terry Gilliam casts such a mad, magical spell over the proceedings that the film is endlessly energized and gleefully imaginative.
A movie as enjoyable as it is clever.
It's worth watching even when it doesn't.
A messy fairy tale riff that overcompensates for a less-than-enchanting story with frenetic busyness.
What we have here isn't a movie, it's a coffee-table book.
The film seems almost intentionally bad in most ways, as if Gilliam were expressing a suicide wish for his directing career.
Black comedy, romance, adventure, fantasy and horror all get short shrift, even as they're pitched toward the extreme.
An absurd mess that's more entertaining than it has any right to be.
Fairy tales are all about feeding our imaginations, and Gilliam was only allowed to bring out the snack tray.
Like so many children in fairy tales, The Brothers Grimm gets lost in the woods.
A colossal disappointment.
In the midst of all this pandemonium, moments of Gilliam's awe-inspiring vision swirl around like the black crows and dead leaves that pepper the film's woodsy fabric.
A frenzied sideshow sprinkled with Terry Gilliam's familiar ticks and excess but lacking funny or winning characters.
[Gilliam] once again creates a world that is utterly weird and, within its own rules, completely logical.
Hardly memorable at all.
A third class theme park ride, much too dark for children, too familiar for adults, and too lame for either.
The monster melees aren't just means to a digital dead end but a wish-fulfillment celebration of the triumph of artists and fabulists over despots and militarists.
I'm guessing that Terry Gilliam colored outside the lines as a kid. In fact, I'd bet money he even ate the crayons.
A noisy, tonally berserk fantasy horror film, Grimm quickly reminds the viewer why is it's so hard for Gilliam to find funding for his visions these days.
Gilliam fans will recognize their boy has been restricted again from crafting the all-out vision they know he's capable of
Grimm is Disappointing, Shallow, Bland and most of all Boring!
It's a glorious mess of a movie, and not without its rewards, but it was doomed from its very premise.
Gilliam hasn't lost his manic visual touch or his flair for dangerously dark humor, but the story isn't worthy of the masterful tale-tellers who gave the film its title -- and not of your moviegoing dough, either.
Terry Gilliam once again proves "Life's little subterfuges make it all worthwhile" in this imaginative, enchanting tale.
It's a large, unwieldy cauldron of fantasticality. Yay that!
Jar Jar Binks has finally met his match.
This winds up being twice as coherent as Sleepy Hollow wishes it was, and twice as entertaining as Van Helsing thought it was going to be.
Frankly I never would have believed that Terry Gilliam had a movie this bad in him.
Not just weird, but randomly, elaborately weird.... It's a total wreck.
Just because it's accessible doesn't mean it's not clearly Gilliam.
...feels like the least Gilliam-ish film of the director's career.
For grown-ups who pretend they don't believe the horrible stories they heard as children.
It probably had extravaganza status in mind at the outset, but it may have to settle with fun fantasy curiosity.
If you are a long lost relative of the Grimm family, I encourage you to sue because Terry Gilliam has left a stain on your family's name that can't be erased with OxyClean.
Too scary for kids and too thin for anyone else, Terry Gilliam's latest movie, like his heroes' tricks, has a lot of visual flair, but no substance.
a setup that is far more rewarding than the eventual adventure...Grimm Brothers' fairy tale references replaced with the slow grinding of plot wheels.
A fast-paced, highly inventive visual feast
Maybe not terrible so much as terminally silly.
Director Terry Gilliam hasn't made a movie this playful since his Monty Python days, scattering visual and verbal puns throughout Grimm like Hansel and Gretel scatter breadcrumbs.
It's often funny, its texture can be breathtaking and its pleasures likely will grow with repeated viewings.
If The Brothers Grimm flies apart like a badly designed airplane (and it does), it still has more going for it than most of the movie fare this summer.
Despite a few early sparks of promise, The Brothers Grimm sputters and coughs along like an unoiled machine, grinding gears and nerves in equal measure.
Director Terry Gilliam's strong visual sense is ideally suited to this material, and he and his special-effects crew have cooked up some dandy images. Still, the moral of this story is that sometimes slick pictures alone aren't enough.
Although Gilliam does bend The Brothers Grimm to his surreal and absurdist will, watching it is little like searching for pearls in pig flop.
Although Gilliam has always had a taste for the outre, he has allowed it to get out of hand here and swallow the picture whole.
There is magic in The Brothers Grimm but it's hard to locate amid all the ... 'stuff,' I believe is the technical phrase.
Easy to recommend but hard to love, distinguished by Gilliam's extravagant and funny style, but compromised by creative warfare and budgetary limitations.
Heath Ledger gets better with every role, and the chance to inhabit a socially maladjusted introvert like Jacob has resulted in his most winning portrayal to date.
There may be a credible film in here somewhere, but it sorely needs a fully functioning director to pull it out.
It's a muddle, but it's a Terry Gilliam muddle -- and there's nothing like his muddles anywhere in our uptight, color-within-the-lines mainstream.
It's obvious Gilliam was reigned in a tad...perhaps the big-bad studio had a bit of fear and loathing...
This is one of the most visually off-putting films ever made by a director who supposedly makes beautiful pictures.
The CGI is absolute crap. It looks like it was just pasted on. And I don't mean paste like the cut and paste tool on computers. I mean Elmer's.
Audiences other than preteens will be sorely disappointed at Gilliam's over-massaged vision of a tediously gimmicky script.
The Brothers Grimm is a work of limitless invention, but it is invention without pattern, chasing itself around the screen without finding a plot.
A fractured fairy tale that's both too grim and not Grimm enough.
`The Brothers Grimm' isn't for children but for adults who want to relive the bedroom tales of their childhood.
The movie makes you yearn for the innocent times that Junior learned about kinky sex from playground stories or late-night Cinemax rather than summer kids' flicks.
Not bad, but certainly not Gilliam at the top of his game.
It might be Gilliam's worst movie, but it's still okay.
...a ragged, sloppy patchwork quilt --but there's magic in it. The movie is a compromised, semi-mangled visit to a very special place.
A pinata of visual effects that Gilliam keeps smashing, with diminishing returns.
Gilliam's film is trapped somewhere between fable and comedy. It's as if he is so entranced by his own visual inventiveness that he completely loses sight of his storytelling.
A movie with a Terry Gilliam look and feel but without a Terry Gilliam soul. (The director) seems to have had his spirit broken by studio mandates and commercial constraints.
A film with all the drama and flair of a Tuesday Morning tchotchke shop.
If only summer movies were, as a matter of course, this inventive, this modest, this interested -- even derisively -- in cultural legacies, this faithful to concept and setting.
Another Gilliam exercise in wretched excess, an orgy of big-budget incoherence more likely to cause appalled astonishment than childish delight.
A departure into more mainstream territory for Gilliam, but maintains the dark humor and wonder that his fans expect
In keeping with the actual Grimm fables, as they were originally published before whitewashing took place, this movie has a lot of horror in it.
[O]ffers us a glimpse at a future where one of our most idiosyncratic directors has been beaten down by the corporate system. Now that's the making of a Terry Gilliam movie.
Deeply lost in the woods.
Hugely ambitious but often failing to live up to those ambitions.
Gilliam transmutes familiar fairy tales . . . into something that is distinctly his own [with] absurdist humor and more than a little social commentary
Surely the brothers Grimm are deserving of a real biopic. This is not just too phantasmagorical to be entertainment, it's incoherent,...an opportunity lost.
A heterogenous conglomeration full of sound and fury signifying you-know-what.
Fails to reinvent its Grimm yarns and only cursorily investigates the relationship between truth and fiction as it rumbles from one farcical scenario to another.
It's been 7 years since Gilliam's last film. It was not worth the wait.
Gilliam has rarely been more inventive, energetic, or just plain funny.
It's Gilliam's chance to run amok, and watching him do it is eye-popping fun.
Mr. Gilliam has no clear idea what he's doing, so the movie is nothing more than noise, costumes and disjointed special effects that do not make an acceptable substitute for the sense of tempo the rest of the film sorely lacks.
Who knew child abuse could be so entertaining?
The movie suffers from the usual Gilliam problems: excessive visual imagination, unrestrained aesthetics at the price of emotional involvement
Bombastic, whimsical, and delicious, The Brothers Grimm is really a comic ghost story wrapped in the postmodern folds of Shakespeare In Love.
...the most nakedly commercial and impersonal film that Gilliam's ever made.
Gilliam is a film artist with a grand and copious vision that he incorporates into every frame of every film like a potion.










@highlight

The Brothers Grimm is full of beautiful imagery, but the story is labored and less than enchanting.