Gaghan never catches you up in Wells's gold-fever dream, so the movie, like his plan, falls apart. His attempt to impose a mock-heroic template on the material, doesn't fit.
But "Gold" proves that you need more than a thinning hairline and a bulging waistline.
Gold is entertaining enough, mostly because McConaughey and Ramirez are compelling actors.
This would have been better served as a segment on Drunk History.
Gold has a terrific twist up its last-reel sleeve that is well concealed, pleasingly unexpected and which I wouldn't dream of spoiling... except to say that, clever as this twist is, it comes too late to rescue this metallurgical melodrama from mediocrity.
A film made with craft, but also with a lot of formulas in its exploration and reformulation of the eternal myth of the (North) American dream. [Full review in Spanish]
Gaghan aims to Scorsese, but ends up even away from David O. Russell. [Full review in Spanish]
A kind of frenetic roller coaster ride, where we can never be completely sure of what will happen next. [Full review in Spanish]
Gold is a rather lazy, underachieving movie that exists solely for Matthew McConaughey to test how weird he can get before people stop watching.
An unfunny, lite version of Wolf of Wall Street that depicts churlish men in bad '80s clothes acting like overgrown teenagers.
As a vehicle for McConaughey's calculated showboating, it's beguiling, but in these troubled times it feels a little indulgent.
It has distinctive resources of other great American stories of ambition. When it manages to arm itself narratively, results better than expected. [Full review in Spanish]
Playing a flabby, balding gold prospector, Matthew McConaughey tests his screen charisma to the limit
It's a rare film that manages to close with a final scene much better than anything in the two hours of movie that preceded it.
Film of ups and downs, Gaghan's work lacks the wrapping style that Syriana had. But in return, it offers the eternal fireworks of films about scams. [Full review in Spanish]
A film where the chaos acquires its own value and forces us to enjoy at a more primary level, unrelated to its stable and elaborate socioeconomic coordinates. [Full review in Spanish]
The performance is hyperbolic and testicular, in the sense that McConaughey seems to be summoning the character from deep within his id and gonads.
Despite McConaughey's commitment to the role, his Kenny is more pathetic than sympathetic, which makes caring about him for two hours a difficult task.
When the tricksy denouement hits, we're not sure if we've been hoodwinked, but we're happy to have been taken for a ride, nonetheless.
Gold had all the elements for a richly entertaining picture, yet its reliance on McConaughey to indulge himself in his performance ultimately proves to be its downfall.
All that resonates here is an interesting story told passably as formula wins out over intrigue
Luckily, Matthew McConaughey's ferocious commitment to the role as the greasy, sweaty and chain-smoking hustler is the glue that keeps it all together.
Director Gaghan seems to have gambled all his chips on a McConaughey Oscar, though, and turned in a film that, though perhaps great on paper, is much less than the sum of its parts. All that glitters is not gold, indeed.
No amount of star power or emulation of much better films could have transmuted Gold into anything more than a common metal.
As a big business movie in the wake of The Big Short, Gold gives us another dipsy adventure into the adrenalin-pumped world of high-risk speculation and financial high-wire walks...[with] an impressive acting showpiece from McConaughey.
Gold is frustrating the story is great, the presentation dull.
Many of the true story's outlandish details are there on screen, and they make for some excellent twists and turns.
With 10 per cent less McConaughey and 10 per cent more everyone else, Gold, you feel, would be a much better investment.
Gold is that strange beast: an okay story elevated by a performance richer than the material truly deserves.
It's one thing giving a great performance in a great movie, it's another thing entirely to shine in a mediocre film. And while Gold tells a good story not particularly well -- it is further proof of the McConnaissance.
Atmospheric, but rather glibly directed, Gold is fun but sometimes feels like a feature-length episode of Dallas.
At its best, the story is an adequate yarn; at its dullest, it's a lifeless rehash of The Wolf of Wall Street, without even the sex and drugs.
'Gold' is all right, all right, all right.
Not even a determined McConaughey can make this real life drama about the hunt for gold sparkle.
McConaughey gives his considerable all as a wild-eyed desperado, but the rest of Gold can't reach his manic energy levels.
The propulsive soundtrack choices create an energy, but it's a hollow, restless energy, which emphasises the emptiness of the story and the characters within.
McConaughey thrives on parts that allow him to portray pumped-up American aspiration and it's more of the same in Gold, a movie inspired by one of the biggest frauds in mining history.
It's a good story and Gaghan tackles it with his usual flair for international intrigue and political chicanery.
What follows is never less than diverting, beautifully acted, painful, wacky and usually unexpected.
It's not as brainy as The Big Short, as witty as American Hustle or as entertaining as The Wolf of Wall Street. But this slightly muddled tale does unearth something golden -- another glittering turn from Matthew McConaughey
Performances, including Édgar Ramírez as a maverick geologist and Bryce Dallas Howard as McConaughey's loyal girlfriend, save the day.
Unless you're a McConaughey completist I wouldn't waste a night at the cinema watching this ultimately disappointing slice of celluloid, but if it pops up on TV some wet Tuesday night, you'll enjoy a great actor in top form.
This lively and sometimes outrageous adventure is packed with twists and turns that the audience never sees coming.
A film with serious acting, a true-story premise and nothing by way of charm, intrigue, dramatic tension, sympathetic characters or basic narrative momentum.
It has its highly entertaining moments, and there is some fun to be had in McConaughey's madly over-zealous performance but it is derivative and there are so many storytelling impulses on the go that none has any hope of ever hitting home.
I'd prefer to see the movie Gaghan leads me to imagine, which a better movie wouldn't do.
...a tedious and often interminable drama that feels like a stale rehash of other, better movies.
Deluded-yet-indomitable, Kenny is just too familiar a figure and the absurdly upbeat twist ending is the final insult.
It's easy enough to see how this story could have hit cinematic pay dirt. But there is a glibness in its telling that makes it strangely uninvolving.
It's a boilerplate American Dream story for sure, but at least its one where you don't actively wish the central character died in a chip pan fire. Which is something.
Thankfully for Gaghan, McConaughey has taken care of business once more.
Last-ditch attempts to cast a man driven by sociopathic levels of ego and pride as a noble, dying-breed dreamer don't wash, and even the Wolf of Wall Street-style hi-jinks are badly watered-down.
With a hint of crazy in his eyes and a lot of fire in his (very ample) belly, McConaughey encapsulates everything that a treasure hunter should be.
McConaughey's larger-than-life performance as hopeless dreamer Kenny Wells gives the film a clear focus as it sometimes struggles to encompass the sprawling complexity of a very tall tale.
McConaughey has zero bromantic chemistry with his co-star, Edgar Ramírez, who phones in a dull, blank performance.
I like this character, and Kenny is a "character" in every sense of the word. The trouble is that Kenny is the film's only character that is truly fleshed out.
Gold is simply a dull chore steeped in strike-it-rich clichés, a flaccid tale of capitalist cat-and-mouse that shirks the opportunity to say anything remotely of interest.
McConaughey's latest is no treasure.
"This is the single hokeyest thing I ever heard in my life," says someone early in Gold. Stick around.
Nothing you haven't seen done better elsewhere, this one's a missed opportunity. McConaughey's hard work is impressive, but that's the only message Gold is interested in conveying.
It's mildly diverting, but nothing more.
Just like late-period Pacino and Brando, McConaughey remains supremely watchable, even when careening off the rails of common performative sense.
Is it an anti-capitalist parable or a shaggy dog story? It is never clear what intentions lie behind Stephen Gaghan's new film, which only glitters very intermittently.
On top of being narratively formless and about 45 minutes too long, its protagonist is perfectly deplorable.
Finally, a film to answer the age-old question: is a balding, potbellied, snaggletoothed Matthew McConaughey enough to carry a feature length motion picture?
If it didn't turn out to be the Oscar contender it was apparently intended to be, it is nonetheless a fascinating film about our culture and what we really think is of value.
Funny and fast-paced and anchored by another mesmeric performance from Matthew McConaughey, this is a slice of gold worth digging for.
McConaughey's sweat-stained swagger of a performance in Stephen Gaghan's comeback ensures Gold rocks.
The director is Stephen Gaghan, helming his first theatrical feature since 2005's 'Syriana,' and I have no idea what the wait was for if he was waiting for this.
Energised by a game performance and toe-tapping soundtrack, this is nevertheless a film that never really settles into a satisfying groove, nor confidently projects an identity.
Torn between hard-hitting satire on the pitfalls of capitalism and goofy, upbeat we're-in-the-money clichés.
You feel weirdly uninvolved, and ever more unsurprised by the lurches of fate.
Exciting while you're watching it, but once it's over one realizes that nothing added up (Splice Today)
McConaughey is the motherlode, proving more than worth his weight in "Gold."
"Gold" is a highly entertaining adventure, made even more so by the electric performance from McConaughey.
The movie is full of twists and turns, and should be seen on the big screen for its striking cinematography alone.
The maxim states that all that glitters is not gold, and that's certainly true. In the case of Gold, it's more like a shattered disco ball, promising dazzlement but delivering only a few fleeting glints of illumination.
There's really not much to mine in the hills of that movie 'Gold.' In fact, it's very similar to 'The Founder,' with a little less to . . . uh, well...chew on.
Gold might be a flawed find, but it's worth seeing for Matthew McConaughey's performance alone.
Even Matthew McConaughey in full hyper-overdrive can't make it very interesting.
Good story, good movie, good cinematography, good performances by Ramirez and Howard with over-the-top performance by McConaughey. Generally when filmmakers change facts it ruins the movie, but the fictionalizations here actually made it better.
McConaughey is left holding only fool's gold with this leaden script, which lacks not just a coherent moral viewpoint but even basic dramatic structure.
Compulsively escapist, though it sacrifices its potential as a cautionary morality tale in the process.
Gold highlights the importance of character and story, and the simple fact that if you care enough about the character and are engaged in his or her journey, the movie can still work despite other problems.
You know what sucks the most about Gold? Greatness is within its grasp, but in spite of its efforts, talent, and resources, the film just doesn't dig deep enough.
Gold is a better movie when McConaughey is on the screen. And thankfully, he's in nearly every scene
Considering the rich potential in the source material, this uneven true-life tale about a desperate prospector trying to turn a quick buck ultimately lacks luster.
It's McConaughey who shines brightest here in a seriously deglamorized role and performance. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
McConaughey shines in "Gold."
Good intentions and lofty ideals don't end up meaning a single thing substantive, making the finished feature nothing more than celluloid pyrite barely worth the cost of a rental let alone a full-blown first run multiplex ticket.
Gold is as unpredictable as it is engaging-and another bull's-eye for Matthew McConaughey. The reason this movie works so well is that we believe the his character from the inside out
While watching "Gold," I felt I had seen the story before. And, I realize that I had, many times and "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" comes to mind - without Bogey and bandits that "don't need no stinking badges."
More like pyrite. McConaughey all in performance impressive but wasted. Like a faux David O. Russell film.
Compelling but ueneven treasure-hunt tale has drinking, sex.
It's not boring. But it doesn't shine, either.
The movie is a mess, but it's also an oddly amoral mess.
(Even) a potbellied, thin-haired Matthew McConaughey...can't perform alchemy on this movie's meandering and flabbily directed script.
If a single performance could make a film, Gold would be, well, solid. McConaughey whoops and hollers and canters, delivering gimlet-eyed eulogies to the precious metal that has long bewitched him, but the film doesn't hold half the heat of his obsession.
Except for McConaughey's performance, there is little sense of urgency or adventurousness in the way the narrative plays out.
Each shot is a formal arrangement of color and composition-actually, each shot is practically a floral arrangement, given how pretty it all looks.
McConaughey is unleashed, and the result ain't pretty.
It's hard to call this ode to the common businessman a success, but it's just a little bit harder to call it a failure.
McConaughey deep dives into his role as a mad-dog prospector like a starving man sitting down to a feast. As a movie, Gold is slim pickings. But McConaughey keeps you riveted.
Gold is a film that gets better as it goes along, and Matthew McConaughey gives a strong, quirky performance.
"Gold" underwhelms immensely, futilely working to make indulgent acting and an uneventful screenplay into a compelling ride over a psychological minefield.
Matthew McConaughey torpedoed his looks for this?
Corny balderdash, built around the dullest McConaughey turn in years.
As fun as McConaughey is to watch, I'm not quite sure he's enough to save Gold.
Not even all of McConaughey's substantial powers can overcome director Stephen Gaghan's lacklustre vision or the screenwriters' muddy narrative.
McConaughey does everything he can to make it shine, but the mine is empty.
Matthew McConaughey has more fun playing a bald, overweight, often obnoxious character than we have watching him.
McConaughey is, of course, impossible not to watch... But one almost takes McConaughey's watchability for granted at this point, and he can only do so much with an often annoyingly on-the-nose script.
"Gold" mostly works. It's just a few ounces shy of solid entertainment.
Gold is more of a bronze.
Gold often can't seem to make up its mind to be disgusted and embarrassed by its hero's naked greed and the seeming moral vacuum at his heart, or get swept up in his adrenaline rush.
The intense charisma of McConaughey is nearly enough to keep Gold from sinking. But the film keeps restyling itself in progressively absurd shifts.
Gold suffers from a minor identity crisis. It can't decide whether it wants to be a parable, a crime drama, or an old-fashioned adventure.
We've been here many romps before, and one wishes that for once, someone would make a film on this subject without making the obligatory sharp turn into folksy, facile populism that Gold and its ilk inevitably do.
Buoyed by McConaughey's unabashedly way-out performance, the result is sporadically amusing but inconsistent and, in the end, unsatisfying.
The screenplay seems disinterested with just about every aspect of this story.
The cleverness, such as it is, concerns a couple of twists that I didn't see coming, but the director, Stephen Gaghan, and the writers, Patrick Massett and John Zinman, don't give us much reason to care about what's to come.
For a story about such high-stakes gambles, Gold takes few of its own. Robert Elswit's cinematography is lovely, and McConaughey is a hoot to watch, but Ramírez is a dull foil for McConaughey's fantasist.
WOLF OF WALL STREET-lite, but a fun, fast-paced tale.
This vein has already been mined for all it's worth.
McConaughey's impassioned portrait of a capitalistic risk-taker can't overcome Gaghan's lethargic pacing and studied style, despite the screenplay from two writers on Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
Like the quintessential experience most treasure seekers have with a pan full of promising gravel: a lot of hopeful swirl, with little meaningful result.
Despite its uneven tone, the film is compelling and, perhaps more importantly, relevant even though the actual historical events occurred two decades ago.
Gold is worth seeing. It's good -- but it should have been great.
It's McConaughey's great big performance and the fine work by the outstanding cast that carries the day in Gold, an uneven and overlong but nonetheless entertaining American Dream saga.
"Gold" is designed less to tell a coherent story than it is to set up McConaughey for an Oscar nomination.
The most ironic thing about "Gold" is this: For all its efforts, the movie seems to know it's sitting on a gold mine of a backstory, but it just can't figure out how to get the stuff out of the ground.
Gold ain't the McConaissance 2.0. But at least the actor is having fun again.
"Gold" could have been a biting satire of greed and folly, a neo-Conradian tale of Western misadventure in Asia, a rousing fable of underdog triumph or a caper comedy. It tries, in its frantic, clumsy fashion, to be all of those things ...
"Gold" is a major disappointment - a film of admirable ambition but woefully underwhelming execution.
It all (sort of) comes together by the end, but it's like a long con in which the grifter keeps losing the mark's attention.
McConaughey is such a compelling presence ... that "Gold" just about gets by on his performance alone.
Shades of Scorsese ('The Wolf of Wall Street') and David O. Russell ('American Hustle'), with a dash of 'Boiler Room' and even a distant echo of 'The Sting.'
For most of the year, bad movies have the same general ailments. But in January, they have exotic diseases. They have things wrong with them that you've never seen before.
It's ... one of those movies that sounds, on paper, like it should be terrific. But they don't show movies on paper, which is too bad for Gaghan.
There's thematic potential in the changes of location and time period, but the movie never makes those changes matter.
The movie's an easy, engaging watch, even if it's literally all over the map.
"Gold" is one of those movies that sounds like much more fun than it actually is.
The two-hour effort is ambitious (the mining scenes were shot in Thailand) and filled with incidental characters. But few of these connect with the audience or each other.
Yes, it's fun to see McConaughey stride around as a wheeler-dealer who could be the less successful brother of his Wolf Of Wall Street philosopher king. But the movie around him doesn't measure up.
To paraphrase the comedy Tropic Thunder, you never go "full McConaughey." In Gold, Matthew McConaughey goes full McConaughey.
And the award for Loopiest Completely Fabricated Fact-Based Drama in Which a Famous Actor Radically Alters His Appearance for No Apparent Reason goes to...whatever this is.
Matthew McConaughey Matthew-McConaugheys the ---- out in Stephen Gaghan's strange but still insufficiently weird satire of the American fantasy of having a great fortune land in your lap.
In the end the filmmakers and actors get bogged down in a futile search for something even more elusive than gold: good writing.
You're along for the ride with the fully committed McConaughey, who swings for the fences with his bold acting choices and studious lack of vanity, and he manages to create a seamless, inhabited performance.
A promising, if ultimately disappointing cautionary tale about the power of greed to twist the human soul.
It's a movie built solely around its star. Except its star can't hold it together.
McConaughey has again masterfully metamorphosed himself, here into a manic, messed-up noodge. The rest? A neither boring nor bold strain for party's-over socioeconomic satire of "The Wolf of Wall Street" or "The Big Short." Beside those, it's bronze.
You know that adage about all that glitters? Consider "Gold" supporting evidence that it's true.
Nothing in Gold is quite golden, though at least Matthew McConaughey - with a lack of hair and an abundance of beer gut - shines.
Not a terrible excuse for entertainment, just very, very familiar, all paradigms that desperately require a shift, in Hollywood and in the real world.
For all the prospects this parable holds, it's merely gilded in ... big ideas - the bulk of it is made of dense, dull materials already hashed out in numerous other capers.
Although a surprise twist surfaces at the conclusion, this twisted tale of friendship and greed is fraudulent, proving that following what glitters may have unintended consequences...
We may catch the glint of a wanna-be grand scheme here, but this one turns out to be, sadly, only gold-plated.
In its broader themes of 'selling a story' to investors and the blinding power of money, Gold has little new to offer, but in its particulars...finds deposits rich enough to make the trip worthwhile.
Nicolas Cage could possibly have had a ball with the role, but McConaughey, who says he was drawn to the character immediately, doesn't effectively communicate that love for the part.
Matthew McConaughey suffers the indignity of playing repulsive on the inside and outside with nothing to show for it.
Suspenseful zigzagging adventure drama has a top-of-his-game Matthew McConaughey as a wired 1980s Reno mining company dreamer salivating for and maybe getting the big strike.
The film finds no treasure of gleaming originality in its energetically told but crushingly clichéd anti-capitalist parable.
Turning McConaughey into a wreck through makeup and lighting is not an adequate substitute for character development.
For a film about financial elitists, this has a reasonably exciting populist vision.
An entertaining yarn that's never less than watchable, even if it pales in comparison to more charged true(ish) stories like American Hustle and McConaughey's own Dallas Buyers Club.
Directed without distinction by Stephen Gaghan, the film unfolds like a chintzy ripoff of David O. Russell ripping off Martin Scorsese ripping off real life.
While the movie seems to be merely another celebration of grasping capitalism and dick-swinging contests of masculinity, it's got far more up its sleeve.
McConaughey made more of an impression as a stock-trading bro in his single scene in The Wolf of Wall Street. Here, there's not even anything compelling about his fall.
[McConaughey's] intensity never flags. What's missing from this story of struggle and glory and the need to believe is a fever to match his.
For those willing to take the characters at face value, it's a deliriously entertaining ride, as a man with a dream drops his last quarter in the slot machine and goes home with the entire casino.
Gold is fitfully entertaining, but for a movie that gives itself license to go bigger and weirder than real life, its imagination for excess runs out whenever it isn't focused intently on its star.

@highlight

Gold boasts an impressively committed performance from Matthew McConaughey, but it's just one glittering nugget in an otherwise uneven heap of cinematic silt.