Completely fine Canadian heist movie.
If you like art history and want to discover and learn about one of the most impressive private collections of post-impressionism and modern art on the planet, you cannot miss the history of the Barnes Foundation... [Full review in Spanish]
By all means this is a B-movie, topped up with cheap has-beens...
An extremely run-of-the-mill comedic caper...
While neither the smartest nor the funniest film, it does give enough of both to warrant forgiveness.
With one contrived plot twist too many the final act descends into a fug of farce stealing the film's early promise.
Occasionally charming, yet completely unoriginal, this is dumb fun, no more, no less.
An appealing cast almost make the difference to this film, a sloppy half-hearted caper that never seems to break sweat.
An entertaining lark.
There's little that's unfamiliar about director Jonathan Sobol's switchbacking caper so he winningly cashes in on the strength of his cast, particularly Russell's world-weary con and a scene-stealing Stamp as the languidly insolent Brit.
Unsuccessfully marries the slick-suited jargoning of Steven Soderbergh's Ocean's trilogy with the gloves-off double-dealing of Guy Ritchie's early oeuvre.
Sobol ... borrows widely and unfashionably from the Guy Ritchie stylebook: he's either missed the trend by ten years or pre-empted the revival by 20.
Kurt Russell and Matt Dillon are short-changed by a script with a clever denouement that comes at the expense of the rest of the action, which is so self-consciously cool and vacuous, it's practically freeze-dried.
The strenuous presentation might remind you of Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels, but the boisterous script has some legitimately amusing moments along the way ...
Kurt Russell returns in this blithely unambitious caper flick.
In the end, alas, it's the viewer who will leave feeling conned.
"The Art of the Steal" won't trick audiences into thinking they've seen anything new, but it's just clever enough to keep them distracted from realizing that they haven't.
There's only a moderate level of humor and suspense in this formulaic caper comedy that seems to borrow from a few genre predecessors.
There's more steal than art in 'The Art of the Steal,' a second-tier caper comedy-drama that pilfers its inspiration from such superior stories of crime and misdirection as 'The Usual Suspects' and 'Reservoir Dogs'...
A derivative heist thriller-comedy that passes painlessly enough at a brisk 90 minutes, but ultimately feels as disposable as the numerous counterfeit paintings that exchange hands throughout.
A movie that scores by way owning its familiarity. If the plot specifics are basically a yawn, director Sobol wisely keeps seriousness at bay, infusing his effort with a springy energy.
There's an additional twist to the scheme, but it's fairly transparent to anyone who's seen more than a couple of con-man pictures. Indeed, the plot is so perfunctory and shrug-worthy that it seems to function primarily as an excuse to let the cast riff.
There are a handful of actors working today whose mere presence justifies whatever film they are in. Kurt Russell is at the top of a very short list for me, and has been so for decades.
An uneven, mildly amusing, and highly derivative flick featuring a wonderful, quirky cast as a crew of art thieves who run a complex scam on the art world, and on each other.
Matt Dillon and Kurt Russell may not make the most convincing half-brothers, but "The Art of the Steal" is a fairly amusing heist film with some sibling tension helping the story along.
A lethargic caper comedy about two feuding brothers who get together for one last heist.
Director Jonathan Sobol clearly understands the first rule of a good grift: misdirection. He packs his middling caper flick with so many known faces, it's easy to miss all the other familiarities.
Sobol feels the need to over-explain when the film would be better served by riding its good humor to an end that wasn't so concerned with clever payoff.
The whole affair is so slickly mechanical, devoid of any real thrill or authentic human feeling, that it begs the question: Don't even genre movies need some kind of a soul, too?
Snappy, clever, broadly comedic and too obvious for words, of which there are many.
It's as if Sobol walked a tight-rope over the falls, got distracted by the view and then crawled back to safety.
The actors give it punch, but in the grand scheme of caper comedies, "The Art of the Steal" is more breathlessly imitative than authentic.
Despite its all-too-familiar surface gloss, The Art Of The Steal has something more sophisticated going on inside.
In many ways, "The Art of the Steal" is an ideal Kurt Russell vehicle: silly, energetic yet capable of delivering the basic goods.
Sobol encourages his excellent cast, which includes the iconic Terence Stamp as a federal informant and Jay Baruchel as the gang's weakest link, to steal scenes left and right.
You can almost feel the actors in the by-the-numbers heist film "The Art of the Steal" waiting for someone to give them something interesting to do.
The film is made up of plundered parts from the Oceans series and The Usual Suspects, and-like several of the forged tomes that figure in the plot-it's a pale imitation.
The Art of the Steal doesn't advance the nerdy intertextuality that has distinguished ironic crime films since Guy Ritchie, but writer-director Jonathan Sobol knows the ropes.
An energetic but paper-thin genre exercise, filled with pleasant riffs on the standard heist flick, but ultimately lacking in payoff.
One of the most fun heist movies ever, bursting with snappy humor and a twisty cleverness that knows that you know that you are getting conned as much as the mark onscreen.
The characters steal the show, much like they steal some damn fine art in the movie itself.
The film has a breezy, peppy pace and gets right to it in 90 minutes with fun characters you want to see.
The end result satisfies both our vicarious greed and the desire some viewers will have to see a priceless work of art wind up in the hands of someone who couldn't care less about its price.
Surprises are intended but rarely matter in the long run, as writer/director Jonathan Sobol finds the rhythm of the piece in its set-up, watching rumpled characters plan out their bad behavior with the aid of tart banter and slick editing.
The Art of the Steal may not live up to the standard set by other beloved heist films, but is just enough of a fresh take on the genre to be enjoyable.
As is often the case in these caper flicks, there's too much plot for insufficient dramatic effect, and alert viewers will suss out where it's all heading in the first five minutes.
The Art of the Steal is never beautiful, but it's a pleasant enough diversion if you squint a bit or stand far enough back.
The Art of the Steal is a con movie in many ways, not least in showing us that even getting conned can be fun.
Feels like a series of vignettes featuring smart quipping stars randomly strung together.

@highlight

It boasts a terrific cast led by the always-watchable Kurt Russell and Terence Stamp, but The Art of the Steal wastes its stars on a formulaic plot that borrows too obviously from superior heist pictures.