Sometimes sappy and sometimes over-the-top, it is mostly enjoyable.
Somewhere in its two hours, This Is Where I Leave You morphs into the well-considered, emotionally resonant fare that we should still expect from our multiplexes.
It's enough to know that Jason Bateman, Tina Fey, Adam Driver, Connie Britton... bring warmth as well as a certain comic snappiness to the goings-on. Meaning, the movie is perfectly efficient - and likable - whether jerking tears or soliciting laughs.
I wouldn't say I hated it but my dislike knew no bounds.
Jason Bateman is very good at radiating gentle melancholy, and here plays a man with plenty to be blue about.
The stellar cast is first rate, elevating whatever weaknesses there are in the material, and the overall result is an endearing, dysfunctional family that you'll enjoying spending a few hours with.
The Altmans might be way ahead of the Osbournes and Kardashians in terms of letting their private moments hang out, but the movie is as profound as a reality show in its exploration of family dynamics.
It speaks volumes about the current shortage of this type of project that so many talented people were willing to attach themselves to a picture as subpar as this one.
All too often, the desire of the audience dovetails with that of the characters: We really just want to get the hell out of this house.
One recurring gag features Fey's toddler ambling around with a plastic toilet, defecating in the most unseemly of locations. There isn't a better analogy for [the] film.
We get set piece after set piece, character moment after character moment, with few of them doing more than letting characters talk about themselves and tell each other things that we're not yet sure we believe.
Just because the characters are well-to-do with first world problems doesn't make them less sympathetic.
Not as bad you might think, but definitely burdened by formula
When I finally left This Is Where I Leave You, I was so saddened by all the squandered talent that I couldn't help but do the Charlie Brown shuffle gag from Arrested Development.
...a misbegotten, ineffective adaptation.
Pretends to put the fun in dysfunctional-family dramedy when it's not dispensing little bromides in hard-to-swallow bulls**t pablum form. It's all the most sanitized, safe, shticky way to show kidults' lives getting complicated. Sickeningly self-involved.
There are moments when it's far too sugary for its own good, and the script can't quite find the right amount of laughs or tears, but for all that it still made me smile.
"This is where I leave you" is what Warner Bros ought to have said after reading the script.
There is never long between jokes, which tend to be crude and single note, riffing on the idea of "normal" people doing wacky things.
... mostly feels like a failed sitcom pilot, with a normally reliable ensemble cast that's unfortunately squandered by the subpar material.
Once the many plot points have been ratcheted up, the solutions begin. Characters keep meeting in pairs, with Judd tentatively romancing former acquaintance Penny (Rose Byrne), for dialogue that states the obvious and leads to a rapprochement.
There are a few enjoyable moments, with Fey and Fonda making you wish they had a movie of their own, but sadly the narrative is more concerned with the boys, whose relationship crises are altogether more formulaic and less interesting.
Presents a checklist of "dramedy" clichés that have been executed in much better ways in much better movies.
It stays in safe terrain, and the ensemble cast members often feel as if they have been selected to revisit familiar characters and performances.
You can't help but be drawn in by these empathetic, funny performances and the overarching message that there is no such thing as"normal".
Terrific ensemble family comedy-drama...Directed by comedy specialist Shawn Levy who slowly, skilfully shifts gear from comedy to drama as the issues get deeper and ever more complicated. A very satisfying trip.
Visually dull and stuffed with so many characters that none is allowed to breathe.
Shawn Levy's comedy-drama about a grieving American family is too smug and sanctimonious to take advantage of its top-notch cast.
There are some unexpected elements but they're not really sharp enough to redeem some of the clichés.
This is fairly safe but very enjoyable adult entertainment.
Entertaining enough but very mild.
In the best dramedies, of course, laughter and tears alternate seamlessly and gracefully, and you leave both entertained and enlightened. Alas, this isn't that film.
Pretty insulting when you stop and think about it.
Like August Osage County, only even more fatuous.
A fine cast is ground down by some average material in This Is Where I Leave You.
For fans of the book, this will be an enjoyable watch. For those who haven't read the original text, the film is a delight.
There are a few laugh-out-loud moments... enough to recommend it for its feelgood factor.
What's on display here simply isn't up to par, even by low standards of Hollywood.
The cast promises much but this bittersweet fam-com backfires. Levy's grown-up bid leaves you wanting another night at the museum.
In Levy's own words, he's assembled a comedy-drama cast to rival The Avengers, so it's a shame that they don't quite have a movie that matches their considerable talents.
An overextended TV sitcom with a funereal sense of fun.
A dream cast are on good form in a film that makes you want to call your siblings, but very glad you don't live with them.
Approaching the complexities of adult life and the strife of facing the past in such a shallow fashion dulls both the comedy and drama.
Laugh or cry, there's no correct response, says Jane Fonda's matriarch Hillary, in this hilarious expose of a dysfunctional family thrown together at close quarters. For the audience, there is more laughter than tears... It's caustic fun on rapids
Once in awhile, a reviewer's darkest suspicions about a film butt up against a sneaky pleasure in its incidental epiphanies. I confess to being conflicted.
deserves to get left behind
Occasionally, Hollywood will step forward with a family drama that actually manages to tinker with actual pain... "This Is Where I Leave You" has no edge, no darkness, no texture, no character to speak of.
Bateman's strength as a comic actor is the hostile edge under his waffly likability, but here he's all waffle - a teary, befuddled teddy bear.
Although This Is Where I Leave You doesn't work as a whole, there are enough enjoyable little moments to make you feel as if you got your money's worth.
An implausibly exaggerated dramedy, filled with cliches and only a few shreds of authenticity.
Dramedy mines dysfunction for laughs; some sex, language.
The most charitable thing you can say about This Is Where I Leave You is that it is resolutely innocuous -- a nothing of a movie, neutered and sanitary.
We are, at least in some small measure, partly responsible for the abhorrent, radioactive hazmat that is Shawn Levy's latest film.
We've seen and heard variations on these characters several times before. Somehow, though, it seems to work.
The performances and laughs are enough to make This Is Where I Leave You enjoyable, provided you can overlook the shallowness and frequent sitcom compulsions.
Features enough fights, infidelities, breakups, breakdowns, pregnancies, infertilities and miscellaneous interpersonal tumult to fill several movies.
An incredibly emotional ensemble piece, perfectly matching laughter and tears, "This Is Where I Leave You" is the first official Oscar contender of the fall.
This is where I roll my eyes and make a gagging noise.
Mawkish, self-satisfied and false, This Is Where I Leave You strenuously attempts to wring poignancy from its familial clashes and catharsis. More often, it's cringe-inducing.
This Is Where I Leave You clearly isn't lacking in star power, although it's depressing to see so many fine talents cast adrift in such a puerile exercise.
Treading familiar territory with a heavy foot, the picture and its characters grow increasingly irritating as the family squabbles drone on.
The humor is frequently silly and undermines the story's serious moments.
The film's fatal flaw is it can't figure out who it is and do just one thing well. In the end, "This is Where I Leave You" is a failed comedy, a forgettable drama and a poor man's "August: Osage County" copycat.
Thanks to a quality ensemble cast and a willing director, This Is Where I Leave You covers overly familiar territory in a refreshingly entertaining way.
This film has so many facets to it, so many characters, all with their own set of problems, that the fact that Tropper and Levy have made it into such a cohesive, entertaining movie is an admirable feat.
Jason Bateman and Tina Fey teach us how to function within family dysfunction.
This Is Where I Leave You struggles in vain to meld broad, farcical comedy with low-key, contemplative drama
This Is Where I Leave You amounts to everything I can't stand about certain American movies. It gathers too many good, smart actors and gives most of them almost nothing interesting to play.
What a wasted opportunity.
Cast prevails in spite of indie film dramedy cliches
A very ordinary film, particularly for one adapted from such a thoughtful and tonally tricky book.
... In these hands, the contrived premise is not just believable but relatable.
One of the best film casts of 2014 work together to make one of the worst films of 2014.
Jason Bateman and Tina Fey click and Jane Fonda has fun making fun of her breast implants but little else works and the rest is as dysfunctional as its topic.
A dramedy that provides humor, heartbreak, and vulnerable characters we can empathize with as they live out their messy days.
Because it is packed, packed I say, with so many talented, likable actors who have gamely committed to this hot mess, the movie becomes enjoyable in spite of itself.
This comedy about a death is a funeral for the audience. But, hey, here's your chance to sit shiva with an all-star cast.
An engaging and fun exploration of the dynamics of the ties that bind and sometimes gag.
Does the movie achieve the emotional resonance it sneakily strives for in the end? Well, no, it's too fake for that.
Somewhere in this mess, there might be a very good movie.
Gripe, gripe, gripe and snipe, snipe, snipe, all served family style with a bare minimum of relatability.
Aside from the moments of forced comedy, the performances from the cast are generally good and deliver what's needed. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
As with so many movies where the script constructs experiences that are contrived and off-putting, you hope the actors can capture the emotional truth of some scenes, even if the entire apparatus feels bogus.
I can't think of a family I'd rather sit shiva with than the Altmans of "This Is Where I Leave You."
A nice try.
The movie toys with real emotions, with our emotions, in ways that are pat and writerly and button-pushing in the cheapest, cheesiest ways.
A movie needs to be more than pretty closeups and carefully set up punchlines, and "This Is Where I Leave You" rarely is.
...A funny, bittersweet dramedy that connects, in large part due to a superb cast.
Not a great movie, but an enjoyable one, an emotional comedy that earns its lump in the throat and most of its laughs...Because of or in spite of the director? You decide.
Among the more astute R-rated Hollywood comedies in a long while.
Meet the self-absorbed and unattractively self-pitying Altmans: Just about every member of this dysfunctional family borders on caricature.
A dramedy about the bonds and dysfunctions of family and the possibilities of roads not taken, "This Is Where I Leave You" is too pleased with itself by a half, hiding its valid truths behind a wall of mugging artificiality.
The film becomes sentimental, but it earns that quality with the bite of its earlier scenes.
It is helped a great deal by performances that give the characters more believability and complexity than the book or the screenplay.
Clumsy on occasion, yet it achieves a satisfying understanding of aggravation and reunion, submitting lovely moments between the siblings that are pure enough to resist Levy's cartoon influence.
This is a group that could have done so much more with better material.
A benign, gently naughty and rarely unpleasant dramatic comedy, the movie benefits from the kind of cast that can cover a lot of warts and keep the cookie cutter churning along.
With this movie, Hollywood seems more intent than ever on disproving Tolstoy: Each unhappy family is unhappy in exactly the same way.
It's easy to be impressed by the dramatic capabilities of actors known primarily for lighter fare - in particular, Jason Bateman and Tina Fey, both of whom are terrific.
Director Levy and screenwriter Jonathan Tropper, who adapted his own novel, tone down or eliminate the wildest incidents in the book, but they're true to its depiction of a pent-up, discordant clan on the verge of a group nervous breakdown.
This Is Where I Leave You is a virtually plot-free cliché collection that entertains nevertheless.
...a funny and sometimes moving tale of a mother and her grown brood reassessing their relationships and finding its never too late to reconnect.
Despite the presence of four dysfunctional siblings and an overbearing matriarch, supporting characters are stuffed into virtually every room of the house.
Instead of smiles or tears, "This Is Where I Leave You" is most likely to inspire a Kickstarter campaign to reunite its main performers for a different project.
Director Shawn Levy found success with Night at the Museum, a comedy seasoned with familial drama. Here, he attempts to invert the formula, but winds up with stale drama soaked in jokes: cinematic milk toast.
This is a movie where the characters are more interesting than the plot twists or comedic throwdowns (of which there are plenty).
Veteran Oscar winner Fonda manages to balance the laughs with some genuine feeling, but it's only Tina Fey(!) who creates a character of any real depth.
"This Is Where I Leave You" leaves you wanting - if not more, than at least better and smarter and more honest. The problem, finally, is that it's not nearly complicated enough.
This is one of those overworked and generally airless comedies with a sitcom premise that can't sustain life.
Derivative and repetitive, but I didn't mind, thanks to the likability and chemistry of the deep cast
Most of the jokes recycle themselves, and there aren't that many of them anyway; it's just endless repeats about mom's new boob job and a kid who likes to poop.
"This Is Where I Leave You" is the year's first real crowd pleaser, a comedy-drama that presses all the right buttons but does so with intelligence and skill.
A large cast that looks great on paper becomes unwieldy on the screen, with talented people struggling to stay with a story and a camera that relentlessly skips from scene to scene.
It's a diverting, moderately successful approach, but hardly the best use of all the talent in front of the camera.
While it's never totally grating, This is Where I Leave You fails to live up to its appealing cast or its quirky premise.
The audience-appeal strategy seems to have been: Throw a bunch of gags along with a can't-miss ensemble cast up on screen and hope at least a few stick. They do, even if the overall effect is loosey-goosey.
It all falls flat. Not completely - there is simply too much talent involved for the film to fail completely. But man, what could have been ...
This is where you should go to a different movie.
"This Is Where I Leave You" isn't a disaster, but it's hellbent on playing safe, and leaves a good comic cast high and dry.
The movie's painless. It's OK. And with this cast, OK is disappointing.
Although Driver is one of the hottest young actors in Hollywood, his character is so overbearing, he sandbags the whole movie.
"This Is Where I Leave You" is painless enough, but about as memorable as its unexplained title.
While the gathering of the family to mourn the father may be a familiar playbook, Levy's assembled a team who can run it with grace, style and good humor.
Good for Shawn Levy for going outside of his comfort zone, but as much as he may dislike being typecast as a director, he should keep that 'mindless family movie' door open as long as he possibly can.
Subtle it ain't, but there's an undercurrent of palpable rage that pokes through the (very funny) banter-banter gloss of the thing, and the actors rip into it with relish.
One by one, each of them acknowledges his or her problem, they talk it out, and by the end of the week everybody's OK.
It never lands the necessary emotional or comedic punches.
While the relatively leisurely pace of a novel offers readers the time to appreciate each character's story, the film is so rushed that only Bateman's character comes close to being satisfyingly explored.
As a film it feels overly familiar, with some amusing scenes, but not enough to make for a wholly satisfying experience.
And the jury's still very much out over whether Shawn Levy is an inept comedy director masquerading as an opportunistically dramatic one, or vice versa.
If your movie stars Jason Bateman and Tina Fey and you need to rely on jokes about poop and a 76-year-old's fake boobs, you have a problem.
The movie is so festooned with clichés it proves that Tolstoy was dead wrong when he wrote that every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
A vulgar, inept and gruesomely contrived load of junk misleadingly labeled a comedy ...
There's something especially irritating about the way the director, helming Jonathan Tropper's adaptation of his own novel, manages to waste such a talented cast.
Ultimately, though the movie's not always believable, it's kind to its characters and leaves you with a few laughs - and that's, sometimes, more than enough.
Hardly prolific yet easily digested, This Is Where I Leave You drops us exactly where expected.
Frequently irritating and occasionally insulting.
"This Is Where I Leave You" feels like a social experiment in how much slack we're willing to cut a movie filled with actors we like.
An enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours at the theater.
The most charitable thing you can say about This Is Where I Leave You is that it is resolutely innocuous - a nothing of a movie, neutered and sanitary.
The players and their banter make it work
A character-driven examination of a dysfunctional Jewish family about as wacky as they come.
Too many goofy lapses into broad comedy ruin an already too-familiar tale.
A great cast is a terrible thing to waste.
Too bland to be memorable, too painless to hate, the slight "This Is Where I Leave You," is like a forgettable breeze. While ultimately disposable, with nothing insightful to say about family, at least is has the decency not grovel or beg you to love it.
Doesn't quite live up to its stellar cast, but there are still plenty of laughs.
... an audience-friendly white people's problems movie with an absolutely spot-on cast making the most of the material.
Comedy saves clunky introspection at every turn.
"This Is Where I Leave You" is the very definition of "not my cup of tea," but even making that allowance I can safely call it sub-par work.
Everyone here is obnoxious to one degree or another, but enough of it amusing in an appalling sort of way that it's difficult to not be at least partly won over by the brashness of the compulsively uncensored talk and behavior.
A sprawling ensemble dramedy that starts out like a full-tilt sit-com and gradually migrates to a place of genuine feeling.
There are enough mildly raunchy moments to string together into a fun trailer, but for the most part This is Where I Leave You is a bland dramatic comedy that makes limited use of the combined talents of Jason Bateman, Tina Fey and Jane Fonda.
This is Where I Leave You is totally amiable, utterly unmoving filler given a major shot in the arm by its cast, people it's simply a pleasure to watch, even with the creeping feeling they're better than this.
"It's OK to cry, honey. Or laugh. There is no correct response," Fonda says twice in the movie. We're begging to feel one or the other.
Shawn Levy's cast often makes up for the routineness of the film's overused premise.
In Shawn Levy's hands, the predictably grueling Jewish custom of sitting shiva becomes the occasion of comedy and high family drama.

@highlight

This Is Where I Leave You has its moments, but given the amount of talent assembled onscreen, the rather pedestrian results can't help but feel like a letdown.