Part sci-fi, part horror, part coming-of-age effort, the end result is a piercing exploration of identity that looks as impressive as it feels.
A fiendishly inventive spin on the coming-of-age tale, this Norwegian thriller stirs in elements of horror and striking surreal touches that add all kinds of unexpected angles.
Thelma becomes great in the superb sense of space created by [Joachim] Trier, who masterfully plays with sound, light and color... [Full Review in Spanish]
A shrewd mix of horror movie, provocative feminist / feminist liberation film and, in the end, the story of the origin of a new super-heroine (or a super-villain?) (Review complete in newspaper Reforma, in spanish)
Thelma is an interesting exploration of human desire and identity... [Full review in Spanish]
[Director Joachim] Trier has transformed the fable of this girl in search of identity (sexual, gender, intellectual, physical and spiritual) into an almost Tarkovskian tunnel of Scandinavian witchcraft... [Full review in Spanish]
...an elegant way of approaching fantasy cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
Amid all the supernatural weirdness, however, it is the film's emotional conviction that makes it work so well. And that's down to Harboe, superb in the lead and possessor of a tingling chemistry with co-star Wilkins.
There's a scene of a party that is absolutely enthralling, and the scintillating Elie Harboe, delivering a standout performance, gives you another good reason to see this movie.
With this effort, Trier is digging deeper into what looks like his customary theme: when self-acceptance becomes a form of empowerment it can lead to redemption -- if one can muster the will to survive.
Thelma is horror viewed through a lens of poetry.
Thelma stays an acceptable bet when it could have been a great movie. [Full Review in Spanish]
Thelma is great on its own terms, a disturbing but empowering supernatural drama that is bound to be beloved by genre fans worldwide.
[Joachim] Trier weaves a weird tapestry that ensnares its heroine and the audience alike.
It's an expertly effective genre exercise that only occasionally feels like an exercise. A lot of the time it feels like an exorcism.
The scary moments are there, but they take patience. And then they take you by surprise.
I am not sure of the audience "Thelma" is aimed at but the inherent "horror" story will be the draw.
a gorgeous film with stunningly dark imagery, but it follows too many other movies instead of its own path.
Trier wisely leaves us looking for answers, giving Thelma a feeling of tantalizing ambiguity.
... a marvelous play of light that vindicates the modernity of a certain Scandinavian tragic sense... [Full review in Spanish]
This coming of age movie reminded me a bit of a 1961 Twilight Zone episode, 'It's a Good Life,' written by Jerome Bixby. The performances by Harboe, Wilkins and Dorrit, are all solid. The story, while fantastic and unbelievable, is compelling.
... takes as a basis the legends and stories of medieval witches to represent the transformation through which the protagonist proceeds. [Full review in Spanish]
Thelma is a genre-bending mystery drama running the gamut between horror and sci-fi. Thelma is equally curious as a character, too.
The whole thing is frustratingly slow and drawn-out, but this is the kind of film that seeps under your skin, and there is no doubt that it is beautifully crafted.
Trier finds as many scares in soft moments as in loud ones.
... disturbing mystery thriller... [Full review in Spanish]
What keeps it humming is Harboe's performance, and Trier's patience, evident from the very beginning when he takes his sweet time locating Harboe in a vast overhead shot. He hasn't exactly made a horror movie here, but Thelma suggests he could.
Thelma takes its time, and I found my sympathies and insights shifting throughout.
Thelma succeeds as a character driven story, depicting more complicated, recognisable relationship dynamics.
There's a few effective scares and an overall eerie, subdued tone, but what distinguishes "Thelma" is that Trier brings the same depth of characterization and rich imagery that he brought to indie dramas like "Louder than Bombs" and "Oslo August 31st."
A mesmerizing story about a teenage girl whose repressed sexuality manifests itself in dangerous telekinetic and telepathic powers.
It keeps you waiting for the dam to burst-and makes the eventual deluge all the more satisfying.
"Thelma" treads the line between the psychological and supernatural, gracefully at first, and then with increasing abandon.
Thelma's depiction of the emotional throes one goes through while growing up rings just as true as Greta Gerwig's Lady Bird, even with (or perhaps because of) all the nightmarish trappings.
Elie Harboe portrays multi-layered Thelma with precision, and she's paired well with Kaya Wilkins as Anja.
Cold and calculated, but some of its scenes are potent.
The exquisitely shot Thelma operates on a level of dreamlike metaphor in which the basic notion of escaping the grip of childhood is mixed with dark imagery of infanticide, self-destruction, and plain old poor impulse control
Thelma is a beautiful and heartbreaking film that is an impressive addition to the coming-of-age story. A lady bird, indeed.
A weirdly enthralling supernatural thriller.
[Thelma] features one of the best horror-movie tropes: the second-act research scene in which the protagonist tries to figure out what's going on. No movie can be all bad with one of those scenes, and Thelma's already pretty good.
Trier's evocative and often beautiful film maintains a subtle tension
As a hushed, haunting portrait of a young woman reconciling daughterly duty and her own incipient power, "Thelma" feels like a stylish, timely allegory for the present moment.
It's chilly in Oslo, and in this movie; the better to sneak up on you quietly, like an unexpected shiver.
Trier has found a new way to depict and talk about these emotions and experiences that most human beings know and can never really get over. His way is cold, deadpan, extreme, and very Scandinavian, and it's effective.
The supernatural Thelma is the coming-of-age experience in a nutshell: It's all about finding out who you are, with all the invigorating uncertainty and ambiguity that entails.
It rarely stuns, but the movie has select moments of effectively grim interactions and does well with its depiction of delayed adolescence.
Never becomes lucid.
"Thelma" is tense, thoughtful and beautifully composed ...
A funny thing happens once the truth about Thelma is revealed: The film becomes even more uncertain, more enigmatic, and more troubling.
If you've ever held something deep down that nearly ruined you, then you'll relate to Thelma's plight.
A certain degree of sprawling incoherence isn't merely acceptable; it is, indeed, the point of the thing.
While the film doesn't entirely deliver on its start, the overall mood remains pricked by a similar sense of doom and shivering unease.
Sad to say, this is a story you've seen before.
The less you know about the film going in the better. Trier's careful direction and screenplay (penned with his writing partner, Eskil Vogt) ensure that we're never lost in the narrative, even as the questions and uncertainties start to pile up.
The ending is a little shy of perfection but Thelma remains a tantalizing gem.
Harboe's Thelma shows the fear of someone who finally has ahold of the steering wheel on her own life, but has never had any driving lessons. The inevitable crash is well-timed and executed.
The title character's telekinetic powers are deliberately muted by the director to evoke a subtle "Carrie"-type film.
Enriching Thelma's chaos is the director's refusal to outright censure any of his characters, no matter the sometimes awful choices they make.
"Thelma" exerts a grip of its own, not least when it presses against other genres, leaching details from both science fiction and horror.
The spell it casts transcends the silly plotting. It puts you in a zone all its own.
This examination of spirituality and independence is mildly unsettling and provocative, yet ultimately bogs down by trying to juggle too many disparate elements.
[Trier] finds moments of quiet horror, externalizing Thelma's turmoil in ways both blunt and memorably disturbing.
Trier manages to make a movie about passion that feels almost completely detached, right to the end.
The level to which Trier is willing to lay Thelma emotionally bare is just as heartbreaking as it is harrowing
Thelma is a genre-bender that should be viewed with as little information about its many unexpected twists and turns as possible.
Just as a plot summary, Thelma reads like an X-Men spinoff or superhero origin story. But it's about as far away from those kind of blockbusters as you can get.
Thelma is a worthwhile endeavor for that characterization alone.
Director Joachim Trier has a zillion surprises up his sleeve, yet keeps his story credible no matter how crazy things get.
The dread in Thelma is not so easy to pin down, coming as it does almost totally through Trier's choice of visuals.
Thelma makes for an effectively moody and evocative piece of Norwegian-flavored filmmaking, even as it brings more groundbreaking stories to mind.
There's too much undeniably impressive filmmaking to dismiss Thelma; there's too much uncertain storytelling to actually recommend it.
Trier is a ingenious filmmaker, and he makes Thelma visually compelling even when the story lazily turns to the usual scare-flick tropes.
Mostly, and most satisfyingly, it plays with the female Gothic, those unnerving tales - churning with desires and dread, and quivering with anxiety and suspicion - in which women are at once the victims and agents of change.
With its gray skies, moody ambience and ominous orchestral score, "Thelma" fits the cliché about Scandinavian entertainment being dark as hell - in the best way. It's also gorgeous.
Thelma doesn't play with pig's blood and jump scares; its dreamlike dread is subtler and stranger, and much harder to shake.
Mesmerizing drama about a female college student struggling with sexual repression and wounds afflicted on her soul.
Joachim Trier makes a sterling if somewhat noncommittal bid for post-horror with Thelma, a slow-burn supernatural thriller.
It does go to some dark places and our heroine emerges as a yet another shining example of a feminist horror avenger, if not nearly as iconic as some that came before her.
Thelma is an example of a wonderful type of fantasy/sci-fi film, the sort of movie that both clearly deals in allegory and is still effective on its surface.
Like an emo Carrie, it probes the profound underlying sadness beneath tales of possession. It makes vivid the protagonist's loneliness and despair.
An accomplished coming-of-age psychodrama-cum-thriller with echoes of Carrie, Thelma unsettles and frightens.
The film slips in and out of its heroine's freaky perceptions, allowing sudden surprises amid placid Nordic interiors, and Harboe's tender turn gives us a character we can feel for. At heart, though, it has nothing super-scary, nor mind-boggling.
The teenage traps of repression and loneliness are explored here through genre - the spooky-movie sweet spot where body horror meets erotic thriller.
A reserved but piercing supernatural coming-of-age drama.
Both Eili Harboe and Kaya Wilkins maintain an enigmatic, wide-eyed blankness as the possibly star-crossed lovers. Mesmerising and thrilling.
Surprisingly tender, Thelma proves itself a modern take on the supernatural film, with a short burst of synth music at the end to remind us of its forebears.
It's just not particularly good.
It is beautifully photographed, well-acted and keeps you guessing.
The film becomes an open-ended saga about rejecting family to pursue your own independent path ...
Scandi-noir takes a supernatural turn in Joachim Trier's creepy, erotic thriller.
Thelma is an intriguing but unwieldy mix between European art-house drama and supernatural horror.
There is a scariness and sexiness to go with its cool understatements and opaque mysteries
Thelma appears coolly aloof on the surface, but her constant choice of statement lipsticks, despite her otherwise conservative dress code, hints at the emotions screaming from within.
Norwegian director Joachim Trier refuses to stick either his characters or the forces guiding them into neat boxes.
A meditation on repressed desire with deep secrets, Thelma throbs with hypnotic intensity: it burns slow, but its magnetism holds right up to the teasing climax.
Shot in muted tones, Norway's untamed beauty reflects the character's own wild nature, a side of herself that becomes increasingly difficult to hide.
Thelma is likely to stick with you, and it makes for an exciting change-up from some of international cinema's best.
At its heart Thelma is another perceptive and empathetic character study, with Elie Harboe's measured lead performance marking her out as a new star to watch.
There's a certain point in Thelma where the emotions and feelings of the characters become so inexplicable that the film has to surrender his subjects entirely to the surreal.
[Thelma] links supernatural horror to repressed memories, raging hormones, and fundamentalist zealotry, crafting a sexy and unsettling brain-teaser.
Not only does Thelma boast a wonderfully satisfying pay-off, but the journey through those icy fields is equally as thrilling.
"Thelma" is a fascinating mess of a movie made by a talented filmmaker, but some of the directions this film goes to feel too abrupt and overtly conceived
The entire film is exquisitely crafted in its depiction of oppression and the sweet release of eventually breaking free from its grasp.
Thelma is captivating, chilling, confusing and brilliant.
Thelma is a fantastic addition to Trier's growing body of work, possessing a strong, cohesive formalism and a compelling take on feminine sexuality.
...Thelma's slow-burn coming of (r)age, presented all at once as a repressed young woman's psychotic fugue of fantasised empowerment, a provocative Second Coming and an unnerving supernatural horror.
Thelma doesn't exactly tell a unique story, but Joachim Trier's vision is so strong you'll barely even notice.
Joachim Trier's Thelma uses the trope of burgeoning supernatural powers as an analogy for the effect oppressive values have on a young woman's sexuality. So far, so Carrie but the film is resolutely Trier's own vision.
Harboe is able to convey complex emotions with a mere glance and is uniformly excellent in a challenging lead role.
With the beguiling and disturbing Thelma, Cannes-lauded filmmaker Joachim Trier adapts to supernatural-tinged horror with almost disturbing ease.
Thelma is a fascinating investigation into the effects of oppression and the fearsome, phenomenal power in uncovering your personal truths.
A fantastical coming-of-age drama abstract enough that it's sure to be divisive. Didn't entirely resonate with me, but the level of craft is unmatched.
Thelma's transition into a paranormal thriller doesn't complicate its initially potent character study.
Thelma is as much a deft character study as it is a pure genre exercise, with Anja evoking desires in this strange girl she barely recognizes beneath her own cold surface.
Trier admirably mixes up a number of horror and science fiction tropes in Thelma, effectively creating a story that consistently defied expectations for me at every turn.
A beautifully modulated thriller, and it comes with a message that feels valuable-it's not homosexuality that will bring about the devil but its repression.
This gorgeous genre film from Norway, with its themes of suppressed sexuality, will undoubtedly resonate with members of LGBTQ communities around the world.
Though billed as a thriller, Thelma is more slow-burn horror, a monster movie with a wounded but human heart at its core.
At times a tad too subtle, "Thelma" is nonetheless an unnervingly effective slow-burn, and those with the patience for Trier's patient accumulation of detail will find it pays off in unexpected ways.
It's paradoxical, I know, but the more Trier reveals, the less interesting his movie becomes.
Where it's going is fascinating enough yet without an undercurrent of the human life caught in this horror, Thelma feels too stark an exercise. The film leaves us with its ideas on a theoretical level rather than a gut-wrenching one.
... Thelma's story sticks to your bones like a shiver, and sinks deeper for days after the credits have rolled.
Trier remains precisely attuned to emotional wavelengths; as a queer campus love story, of sorts, Thelma has the right temperament, thanks in part to the nakedly vulnerable performance the director coaxes from his lead.
Joachim Trier crafts a drama that is sublimely ambiguous, austere and also deeply sad and heartbreaking.
Thelma plays like a Wachowski sisters or M. Night Shyamalan movie minus any of the earnestness or fun.
A stylish, distinctively Scandinavian take on familiar horror themes.

@highlight

Thelma plays with genre tropes in unexpected ways, delivering a thoughtfully twisty supernatural thriller with a lingering impact.