This is a documentary worth checking out. If you're remotely interested in exploitation movies, or indeed, world cinema itself, it's invaluable and thoroughly entertaining.
It's almost criminal, the amount of fun filmmaker Mark Hartley has conducting this wildly salacious, enormously entertaining documentary.
What's nice about a movie like this is that it gives you a sampling of this genre without making you sit down and watch hours and hours of movies.
If you don't already love the underground world of masochistic movies, this will be a real eye-opener.
It's a ribald and entertaining documentary, filled with great yarns and astonishing images from not only the finished films but from the making of them.
The onslaught of tastelessness begins even before the opening credits and continues nonstop for 103 deliciously sleazy minutes.
You'll get more bang, boobs and blood for your buck here than with any other show in town.
As recounted in Mark Hartley's entertaining documentary, twisted imaginations went wild after the post-'60s liberation from censorship and the introduction of tax breaks.
This is as insightful a glimpse into a country's cinema as you're likely to see at this running time.
It's a Documentary that's celebrating obscure films by showing a crapload of clips. I loved it! Film lovers who crave cult cinema aren't going to want to miss this opportunity to expand their knowledge.
Not Quite Hollywood - lousy title, great peek back at the Ozploitation movement.
It's all very foul, and completely entertaining.
Not Quite Hollywood is jammed with well-preserved clips of the Aussie movies that started pushing the limits after censorship was essentially dropped in 1971.
Not Quite goes on a little longer than it needs to, but if the success of a movie like this is measured by whether it makes you want to see some of the movies it revisits, then count me in.
Tarantino's enthusiasm notwithstanding, backstage gossip about movies of no importance is enough to bore even certified film geeks.
If Not Quite Hollywood is not quite convincing, it is quite entertaining.
... a smartly made look at an otherwise neglected aspect of film history and culture, packed with colorful stories, witty observations, punky attitude and real history...
What's cool and always kicky is seeing a country's irreverent movie trash being treated with such, well, reverence.
All in all, this is a celebration of Australian exuberance, a national ethic of adventurousness and enormous charisma.
This isn't exactly a thesis that's going to win any awards, especially up against the latest documentary about the Holocaust or the war in Iraq. But as far as entertainment goes, it's about the most fun I've had all summer.
A fun and energized documentary about a neglected era of exploitation cinema, but it suffers from a couple of pretty critical sins of omission.
Russell Mulcahy and other artists look back fondly on Australian exploitation films for Not Quite Hollywood, sometimes wondering just how they were able to get away with it.
Although Not Quite Hollywood was clearly put together with fanatical love, the suspicion remains, as often with genre cinema, that these trash-rich movies are a lot more fun to hear about, and to watch in snatches, than to sit through.
Using a dizzying array of clips and revealing interviews, the documentary is very affectionate, entertaining, and informative.
It's a party for your eyes and memory banks
A sensationally entertaining, well-researched documentary filled with insight and outrageously funny clips.
There are clips from more than 80 movies crammed into 100 consistently hilarious and jaw-dropping minutes, from soft- and hard-core porn to cheesy , gory horror movies to biker and car chase movies that make The Fast and the Furious look positively tame.
It's a kicky, slightly exhausting look at a bygone era of low-rent moviemaking, whose colorful trove of film clips should delight fans of cinematic esoterica, nostalgic schlock and high octane drive-in fare.
This film is an affectionate, rollicking guide to the drive-in classics of Australian filmmaking from the 1970s and '80s.
A survey of the week wouldn't be complete without a left-handed salute -- not to be confused with a backhanded compliment -- to the gleeful rubbish of Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild, Untold Story of Ozploitation!
If the thought of a new Brian Trenchard-Smith movie is more exhilarating than a new Bryan Singer movie... then Mark Hartley's "Not Quite Hollywood" is the film for you.
Think of Not Quite Hollywood as a vividly illustrated catalogue of astonishing smut.
Worthy viewing for film buffs, but never quite transcendent enough for casual viewers ... as energetic but limited as an IFC Channel documentary special.
a speedball injection directly into the aorta
If Mad Max (a rare stateside success) is the only Down Under-and-dirty flick you remember, you missed out on a vital drive-in culture, one that Mark Hartley's Not Quite Hollywood does a suitably supercharged job of chronicling.
Not Quite Hollywood returns us to a time when the price of admission was cheap and the thrills even cheaper.
This detailed examination and celebration of Australian genre cinema of the 1970s and '80s has enough re-tilled salaciousness, wit and good-natured reminiscence to merit a look from cinephiles looking to expand their frame of bawdy reference.
Its shallowness is nonetheless in tune with its subject: the gory, violent, sex-crazed Australian exploitation films of the '70s and '80s.
A bodacious effort which successfully elevates a bevy of godawful B-movies to an art form worthy not only of study but appreciation to boot.
The archived clips flash by so quickly that the audience cannot get a grip on a single one.
...more than a few of banana splits' worth of cinematic ice cream.
Engaging, fast-paced documentary about the glory days of Australian exploitation movies that will delight existing fans of scurrilous films from Down Ynder and recruit new one from the ranks of moviegoers who aren't offended by extensive nudity, violence
Oddball horror flicks, sexploitation romps, car-chase extravaganzas - the clips burn throughout this film with a tone as giddy as its subject.
Even as a documentary, this is one of the most audacious and energetic films of the year
Cheerfully celebrates the energy and creativity of this subculture, and wants to rescue it from the toffee-nosed pundits who looked down on the genre.
There is a remarkable story to be told of outlaws carving out their own slice of the industry with scant regard for decorum, personal safety or narrative coherence.
Strewth, it's a bloody ripper!
The end product, while shallow and sometimes disconcertingly furtive, offers an enlightening, pleasurable peek into one of cinema's more enticing dark corners.
Hugely enjoyable, fast-paced and frequently hilarious documentary that will leave you desperate to see the Ozploitation films in question.
this lost treasure trove of cringe-making softcore, outrageous horror and balls-to-the-wall action... celebrates a nation humping, slicing and hammering out its modern identity through popular cultural forms.
Aussie genre pics of the 1970s and '80s get a rip-roaring salute in Not Quite Hollywood.
You sense that we still only view something 'Aussie' as being impressive after a foreigner validates it.
...an audacious, in-your-face documentary...
It's enormous fun, this film, and we owe Hartley a debt of gratitude.
Hartley's own film is much livelier than most of those he is out to celebrate -- partly because of its abundance of genuinely hair-raising behind-the-scenes footage.
As important as any history of 'legitimate' Australian cinema, and 10 times the fun, it's a shot to the heart for anyone who thought Down Under was only capable of dreary, culturally relevant filmmaking.
a startling and very funny new feature-length documentary exploring the outrageous Ozploitation cinema made in Australia in the 1970s and '80s.
The best thing about Hartley's film is that he has found the perfect form to investigate this past and pay a sweet homage to his cast of ratbag filmmakers, who deliberately tested the boundaries of good taste and political correctness.
I'm not sure how this will appeal to a general public but for those of us who remember the films, Not Quite Hollywood is a blast.
An incredibly energetic and merrily messed-up celebration of Australian B-movies.
Not Quite Hollywood contains as many crazy characters and improbable events as its recent fictional counterparts, except that the people are real and the stories all true.
Action, horror, nudity, sex and bad taste, as seen in the cheap and cheerful genre films of the 70s and 80s ...a combination of energetic showcase and comprehensive overview.
Mark Hartley's candid, funny and thoroughly entertaining documentary is not only a social document, but totally captures the essence of the time when life seemed less serious and cleavage was not smut but cheek with dimples.


@highlight

A raucous, fast-paced celebration of the Ozploitation films that came out of Australia in the 1970s and 1980s.