Isle of Dogs is a movie that is intensely enchanting, and easily one of the best-looking films of the year, but it doesn't fulfill its own purpose. Anderson can dream up better.
What a film to look at. Isle Of Dogs... is good or great or exhausting depending on how much you're willing to hitch a ride with the filmmaker's obsessive visual construction.
I wouldn't mind living in a Wes Anderson film: The people there, even the dogs, seem more rational and polite than what we've got here.
Though the movie misses Anderson's trademark humour since the dialogue is in service of the plot, and the director is unable to give deeper resonance to the events befalling his characters, the film can be enjoyed on the strength of its knockout visuals.
The painstaking production design, widescreen compositions and lustrous color schemes are a delight.
The film can be interpreted as Anderson's blow against the military-industrial complex, against an authoritarian form of government, as a reminder that we are slowly losing our bond with nature.
It's about dictatorship and Nazis and the Holocaust. It's the most distressing film Wes Anderson has ever made.
Isle of Dogs has everything one would expect from a Wes Anderson movie. [Full review in Spanish]
The dogs take on human characteristics, which makes them off the chart adorable and funny, clever and sarcastic and wholly appealing.
Anderson presents the primal animal pack as a project management team of sorts. We see the unity of purpose, but also understand that it is not always cohesive from the onset.
...an spectacular exercise of technique --exceptional stop-motion animation, solid voice acting, and a memorable soundtrack. [Full review in Spanish]
The cast of voices is extraordinary... [Full review in Spanish]
As in The Fantastic Mr. Fox, Anderson uses animation to talk about human relationships, starting, yes, from dog relationships. [Full review in Spanish]
Anderson has spoken of how he enjoys watching Japanese films without subtitles, and he takes obvious pleasure in the overlapping layers of language generated here.
Isle of Dogs is not up to par with Anderson's other films, but it tows the line of a cinema so odd and yet full of tenderness and cruelty in tune with the world it represents [Full Review in Spanish]
'Isle of Dogs' is edgy, with a bite.
Full of captivating characters and a lot of heart. [Full Review in Spanish]
Sometimes it triumphs, other times it doesn't live up to expectations. Ultimately, Isle of Dogs doesn't satisfy. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Isle of Dogs] is a touching film. [Full Review in Spanish]
What it does not have in great quantity is a story or characters worth remembering.
There's so much attention to detail in the visuals and dialogue, you'll need repeated viewings to catch all the jokes.
As a work of animation it is beyond reproach...as a cultural statement, it just leaves a few too many uncomfortable question marks.
[Isle of Dogs] is an inversion of "dog is man's best friend." Here the man (or the kid) is dog's best friend. [Full Review in Spanish]
Isle of Dogs is proof that Anderson has the same ability to captivate audiences both in live action and animation. [Full Review in Spanish]
Working in this animated style, allows Wes Anderson to flourish with his style and allows all other cinematic elements to pop out more than they do in his live action films. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Wes Anderson's second stop motion movie is a visual feast that showcases his gift for detail and control. [Full review in Spanish]
Art should be about breaking down barriers, not putting up walls.
Filled with heart, humour and witty dialogue, this doggone delight is the most Wes Anderson-esque movie the acclaimed filmmaker has ever made.
Isle of Dogs is beautifully designed, but narrated poorly. It's a contradiction that pretends to talk about fidelity that only serves to inspire something so fickle. [Full Review in Spanish]
Anderson resurrects the stop-motion animation technique of Fantastic Mr Fox and tells his tale with an amazing - truly breathtakingly beautiful - range of sets and tableaux.
Stop-motion seems, thus, Anderson's natural destiny... with the possibilities of creating a custom-made world offered by the animation, free from reality's annoying interference. [Full review in Spanish]
Even admiring, and often adoring, the craftsmanship on display couldn't overcome its meandering, surprisingly even managing to bore despite the plethora of interesting ideas at play.
it is not one of Anderson's best films, yet it also puts on display precisely what makes him such a continually interesting artist, most notably his willingness to extend his familiar aesthetic into new realms
In some ways this film is a miracle. [Full Review in Spanish]
Isle of Dogs is ultimately a movie about a Japan contained within the American imagination, offering a cultural 'homage' that resembles something a white 18-year-old gamer with a poster of Sailor Moon in his room might produce.
An amazing visual achievement.
This may be Anderson's riff on Kurosawa's urban thrillers High and Low and Stray Dog - but it is also his funniest film.
I see some political metaphors in this film, with a corrupt leader, born into privilege, stirring up hatred and division, using scapegoats and xenophobia to heighten tensions, fear and mistrust (sound familiar?). This is a very bittersweet story.
The cleverness and the charm of the world means we sometimes forget we're watching talking animals, which is a major attraction of this unique and sometimes hilarious animated feature.
The dogs are funny, and the interplay between them represents the story's greatest strength.
With [Isle of Dogs], Wes Anderson continues to push the limits of his creativity.
A love letter to the historic ties between canines and men, that continues Wes Anderson's winning streak on the big screen. A stop-motion dream. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Isle of Dogs] makes it clear that Anderson is still himself with a story that mixes dystopia with adventure. [Full Review in Spanish]
Despite intriguing storytelling concepts and an excellent soundtrack by Alexandre Desplat, Wes Anderson's tale of a boy and his dog is set in a Japan plagued by old dated American notions, including a white savior complex.
Anderson's looking at war, retribution, notions of nationality and nationalism, isolationism, culture and individualism. And he's doing it with stop-motion dogs. He's something else, one of a kind, and we're lucky to have him. Isle of Dogs is sublime.
That being said, the film is enjoyable and cinema fiends, dog lovers, and children should all see it. Even if it's just to celebrate it's diverse, whimsical animation.
Anderson's latest is nevertheless all a bit twee, and there's really something very dubious about the whole thing, no matter how glorious the voice cast might be, or how cute the dogs are.
Maybe when dogs become less doglike, especially through an esoteric lens like Anderson's, it compromises the unconditional loyalty we sense from the real thing.
"Isle Of Dogs" mostly earns its spots - and its place in the upper half of auteur Wes Anderson's filmography.
In every way, Isle of Dogs is a celebration of craftsmanship, the antithesis of the sleek, modern style of computer animation.
One effect of this is the extraordinary pleasure of seeing imagination brought to life without any compromise.
Your attention is mostly fixated on the way writer-director Anderson tells his story and handles his characters rather than the plot itself.
Just as Mr. Fox must be defended as one of George Clooney's best roles, in Isle of Dogs the verbal work of Bryan Cranston entails a peak in prosody... [Full review in Spanish]
A one-of-a-kind animated feature so stuffed with goodness that you'll need, and want, to see it multiple times.
Canines will understandably object to the phrase, but Isle of Dogs is clearly the cat's meow.
Fun flick that subtly looks at how gullible people are and how they'll believe just about anything.
With its beautiful formal imagery, its gallery of hugely likeable canines and its cheerfully crazy plotting, Isle of Dogs really is a unique experience, and a thoroughly enchanting one.
This is outwardly one of Anderson's bleakest films. It's also one of his dullest and least emotional.
No Anderson film ever truly made the heart sing.
Quirky, highly imaginative and downright entertaining. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, etc. - also Available)
Even as a simple fable, it succeeds as another of Anderson's impeccable visual confections.
You may not quite be able to put a finger on what you're watching, but Isle of Dogs is a hand-crafted adventure through garbage, fire, and bureaucracy. Certainly it has an all-star cast, but more importantly it has a Dog Star heart.
If "Isle of Dogs" is somewhat lesser Anderson, it's still more creative than 90 percent of what you'll see on the screen this year.
If you already want to see "Isle of Dogs," you'll love it.
What makes this standout from other Anderson films is that the characters are much more well-rounded than the caricatures who you usually parade through his movies.
Isle of Dogs is a marvel and supreme technical accomplishment. But it comes with an asterisk.
When you throw these cute, likeable characters into an odd world, there's much opportunity for humour.
Doesn't really arouse feelings, no matter how many animated dogs in full face stare us down, sometimes with tears in their eyes.
The way this movie treats our relationship with animals makes it an unlikely cousin to Bong Joon-ho's Okja, and yet Anderson's dryly funny, tactile, and affectionate movie will... make you go home and look at your dog with fresh eyes.
A triumph to be treasured on multiple levels, Isle of Dogs just might the best thing Anderson has ever put his name to.
An animated movie about talking dogs set in a not-so-real place gives a filmmaker plenty of leeway to craft a story not beholden to the same old rules, so it's a disappointment to see the female characters get typical short shrift.
By turns wry, scary, comical and deeply gloomy, it lingers on each emotional note for only moments, then hops onto the next. It's fast-paced and gorgeous to look at.
Without Nutmeg, Isle of Dogs doesn't seem to be about anything other than Anderson continuing to disappear into his meticulously-constructed, obsessively-controlled terrariums.
It's almost as if Anderson is knowingly allowing the actors' personalities to seep through...the stop-motion is staggering...
It's like Wes Anderson on steroids. Yes, that's possible.
The dog dialogue is often droll and hilarious. [Wes] Anderson has a real gift for the oddball turn of phrase and the stand-alone comment that always gets a laugh.
While still enjoyable, Isle of Dogs is very much a lesser Wes Anderson effort.
Isle of Dogs is quintessential Wes Anderson - that fetishistic attention to detail and a deadpan-ness that saves his brand of whimsy from becoming twee.
A one-of-a-kind, sweet-and-salty bitser.
An imaginative tribute to dogs with some social commentary on the side.
What happens there comes close to delightful, especially after an orphan named Atari starts a search for his own missing pet.
Admirably idiosyncratic - thanks to its timely, politically provocative, fascistic undertones.
The parts of "Isle of Dogs" with the dogs are so wonderful that I still recommend the film. I just wish he had taken as much care and attention with his human puppets.
Imbued with Japanese sensibility, Wes Anderson's Isle of Dogs is an overtly visual film whose striking imagery, resounding rhythmic score and cinematic references almost overshadow the central story about honour and man's best friend.
The lush, meticulous detail is worth the price of admission.
Isle of Dogs falls right in line, and longtime fans should be happy to see a familiar product.
It's a precious, whimsical, giddy burst of storytelling, overflowing with love and longing.
Anderson's projects have always had a meticulous quality to them, but "Isle of Dogs" is exacting to the point of alienation. Someone needs a leash.
If Anderson's blend of clinical skill and warming sadness has always hit your cinematic sweet spot, then the "stop-motion animated" for you to treasure.
The exquisitely crafted Dogs may be futuristic, but its mix of Godzilla, Kabuki theatre, hard-boiled detective dialogue, Rube Goldberg contraptions and Hokusai block prints is more nostalgic than dystopian. And, of course, nostalgia is always a lie.
Isle of Dogs is earthy and elemental in its depiction of human qualities, and it's a blueprint that hopefully the writer-director will learn to apply to his future live-action films.
It's gorgeous-filled with so many bits of visual whimsy and imaginative detail that it would take several viewings to fully catch them all. And it's idiosyncratic and witty and dark.
This is sly, smart social commentary, as much fun as a barrel of puppies.
Another delightful creation of an impeccably built world just slightly off-kilter from our own
Isle of Dogs is charming and beautifully rendered [...] but we can still acknowledge when things we enjoy are imperfect, and Dogs is plagued by a culture problem.
Clever, funny, sharply written and utterly ridiculous, it brims with the writer-director's signature deadpan humor and excruciating attention to detail.
It's clear that Anderson isn't looking to deviate even partially from his well-established sense of style...
An artful and entertaining gem that is at turns whimsical and thoughtful, humorous and heartfelt, silly and sweet -- and an artistic masterpiece, to boot.
Not only is the handmade artistry meticulous across the board, but Anderson's eye for choreographed randomness is second to none.
Anderson might have been a better production designer than director. But there's no denying he's perfectly suited to stop-motion, which allows him to play (literally) with myriad characters and sets.
It's impossible to watch without a smile on the face. And perhaps the occasional tear in the eye as well.
They're good dogs.
It could be argued that the most quintessential Anderson film was his 2009 Roald Dahl-inspired stop-motion animation Fantastic Mr Fox, but Isle of Dogs would certainly give it a run for its money.
The effect is startling and more than a little bit mad: the film is a dippy, soulful labour of love that repels easy fondness, but grows on you, slowly but surely, like a shelter mutt who ends up being the one you take home.
Look past the irony and stark, symmetrical detachment of the aesthetic and there is something fresh, mesmeric and deeply touching about Isle of Dogs and its tale of courage and loyalty.
Isle of Dogs is a densely detailed gift to enthusiasts of many esoteric domains...A master filmmaker at the peak of his powers created this art for you with a cast and crew of equally fine performers and artisans.
A barking mad shaggy dog story with imagination to spare. 13/10, would watch again.
A new high in Anderson's visual pageantry ... [but it] is also, for me, the least affecting Anderson narrative.
It's funny, doleful and, like man's best friend, loveably bonkers.
Isle of Dogs is a delight: funny, touching and full of heartfelt warmth and wit.
Visually, Anderson's second foray into stop-motion animation is a mind-blowing marvel of wondrous imagination and ingenuity. But the story, best described as a hallucinatory version of "Lassie Come Home" in reverse, is deep in dog poo.
While the animation may outshine the writing, Isle of Dogs is still an Anderson film through and through: filled with wonder and intricate detail in every scene with a warm color palette and sharp dialogue to match
Aesthetically and thematically, Isle of Dogs is Anderson's most ambitious feature to date.
I have to confess I am enamored with the animation style of Isle of Dogs that I almost don't care about anything else because it completely transports me to another world.
The controversy that has dogged (heh) the film is well-warranted, and yet, there is much to treasure here.
It is, without doubt, the best film you'll see all year about a pack of scary, indestructible alpha dogs.
This movie was so refreshing, so unique, so bold.
His movies have never been quite so piquantly quotable since he lost Owen Wilson as co-writer and collaborator, but Isle of Dogs contains some of the most finely-calibrated sight gags that he's ever set into motion.
It is smart, funny, sweet and strange and features one scene after another in which the frame is stuffed to bursting with an array of visual delights. In other words, it is a Wes Anderson film through and through.
Reservations noted, all dog lovers will applaud these resourceful canines and the affirmation of their importance in our lives.
Absolutely delightful and utterly original, with its lovingly crafted stop-motion animation bursting with sweetness but also with a winking mockery. I have just a few caveats...
I thought this was an absolutely glorious film - and all the haters are boring cat people.
It's silly, charming, exquisitely animated and gloriously original, if just a little bit barking.
The animation is complex, and coupled with the story, ensures that the film will garner a Best Animated Feature at next year's Oscars giving whatever Disney has in store a run for their money
After a while such a fussy, just-so attention to detail grates - and there's only so much calculated whimsy that I can take.
A delight, albeit one that is red in tooth and claw.
Anderson's style becomes overbearing when deployed in a precious world populated by animated talking animals.
The main thing to know is that none of it works to the extent that you give any kind of a damn. It's so highly stylised that it all happens at a chilly remove, and we're not given reason to feel anything.
Isle of Dogs just makes you feel good. It's not a movie designed to elicit laughter. Instead, you spend the entire duration with an immovable grin on your face, emerging out the other side with a renewed sense of optimism for humanity.
Think of it as Wall-E meets A Boy and His Dog, then has a one-nighter at The Grand Budapest Hotel.... We get lost looking at the familiar from a Jonathan Swift standpoint and the ordinary begins to look odd.
It's a lovely, funny and clever film, and that rare thing - one that you want to see again immediately after the credits have rolled.
[A] wry, sly, stunningly stylized political parable.
Lyrical, whimsical and strange, Isle of Dogs is a Wes Anderson movie through and through. That's a good thing.
But all in all, Isle of Dogs is worth recommending. Yes, it's probably the most problematic thing Anderson's done. It's also the most intricate, the most alluring, the most frivolous.
The dry, comedic timing is perfection and the detailing incredible. I can't wait to paw - sorry, pore - over this time and again.
Another utterly distinctive, formally brilliant exercise in savant innocence from Anderson, somewhere between arch naivety and inspired sophistication.
This is such a labour of love, drawing so much from its creator's enthusiasm for all manner of things - not least dogs - that it avoids disappearing inside its magnificent artifice.
While I do believe that all the kitano drums, haikus, sumo wrestlers and Akira Kurosawa homages in fall on the side of cultural appreciation rather than appropriation, some of Anderson's flourishes still feel a bit ill-considered.
Lovably quirky, visually hypnotic stop-motion tale of lost dogs and the boy who tries to save one.
While Anderson's admirers may divine some underlying environmentalist resonance from a tale largely set on Trash Island, few directors have ever been as eager to poke through the abandoned detritus of societal folly.
It remains more a dazzling conceit or experiment rather than a realized whole. We stay on the outside, admiring its originality and all the talent that went into it, without ever really finding our way in.
Isle of Dogs is in need of a stronger storyteller. And, yes, there are times when the cleverness starts to feel smug. I would have liked Isle of Dogs more if there had been less of it.
Anderson's latest celebration of eccentricity is a hilarious and heartfelt animated tribute to the lasting bonds between humans and canines.
Isle of Dogs is all Anderson, and proudly so. It walks like a dog, talks like a human and travels in the ennui of the disenfranchised.
Maybe I'm just a cat person.
The stop-motion techniques of this director's Fantastic Mr Fox graduate to a new charm, wit and zany inventiveness.
Weird but wonderful, 'Isle of Dogs' exhibits the same ravishing eye for detail and delightfully deadpan delivery that mark [Anderson's] best live-action films.
There's a lot here to potentially enjoy but only if the culture clash is something you can put in the back of your mind.
One of the film's many joys is to watch Wes Anderson's furry, soft-spoken heroes handle an absence of nurture.
There are few filmmakers as distinctive as Wes Anderson, and while this film is uneven it also offers moments of sheer wonder. One has to be willing to overlook his missteps in return for those rewards.
Despite its whimsical story ... the whole film is centered on such moments of remorse -- for what has passed and for how the future is being shaped.
Isle of Dogs is ... delightful entertainment, start to finish, and a beautiful story well told. Pass the dinner dish, please; I'll take seconds.
Even with a narrative that feels more like a diagram, even with some questionable decisions regarding cultural translation, Isle of Dogs bursts with its maker's drollery and contagious passion for the medium of film.
Worth seeing and often very droll, as well as exactingly, rigorously, fastidiously composed, stop-motion frame by frame.
With the dark and enchanting animated parable "Isle of Dogs," Wes Anderson raises his little personal world to new, finely detailed heights.
Wes Anderson's latest stop-motion movie is another lovely, artful trifle.
"Isle of Dogs" is a visual bento box assembled by a gifted dilettante, an outsider who loves the art of a place but seems much less interested in its meaning to the people and culture that created it.
There's so much going on in "Isle of Dogs" that it probably has to be seen at least twice to be properly appreciated. How many films can you say that about?
I enjoyed the film. It looks fantastic, has some terrific lines and mixes politics with paws to create something thought-provoking...but the most vexing thing is that nobody saw challenges of glib Western theft coming.
The work is painstaking, but for the most part we don't feel the pains taken to achieve it. It's there to be marveled at.
Not surprisingly, the movie looks amazing; that's where Anderson always excels. Narratively, however, it chases its own tail, somehow managing to be both molasses-slow and annoyingly over-busy.
Wes Anderson "Isle of Dogs" is such a feast of illustrated imagination and subtle wit in its depiction of an exiled canine kingdom that the idea of a life lived under the heavy paw of our pooch overlords doesn't seem like such a bad one.
Seriously, if I had a tail, I'd be wagging it.
A dark, daft vision of a culture that's Turned its Back on Dog
Isle of Dogs is absolutely irresistible.
What some audiences experience as whimsical, charming, and witty, others see as cloying, twee, or claustrophobic. But he is a marvel at world-building.
ISLE OF DOGS is yet another example of creating great family entertainment without sacrificing heart and real honest to goodness emotion. Go see this film.
It's true that Isle of Dogs is a film about scapegoating, political hysteria, and deportation. But it is also--and at its best--a film about dogs. May they never go unpetted.
Wes Anderson continues to exercise his (hopefully) endless imagination in Isle of Dogs, creating another fictional setting bursting with unlikely heroes and another unusually appealing adventure that offers more depth than meets the eye.
Parents: do not let the PG-13 rating dissuade you. Take the kids.
While the film's pace is speedy to a fault, it pauses just long enough to ponder the emotional contract between master and pet.
But the real heroics come from the team of animators who bring the stop-motion "puppets" to life. They are astonishing, rich, masterfully unique creations.
The multilayered, cross-cultural results, especially in the postapocalyptic, quasi-Rube Goldberg environment of Trash Island, are continually inventive and always delightful.
An exhilaratingly creative work of art about love, loyalty, responsibility, heroism and the heart of society's underdogs.
Dog lovers are sure to embrace "Isle of Dogs," a film that champions man's best friend, but it is Anderson's kinship to children that appears to inform his best films - "Rushmore," "Moonrise Kingdom" and now this one.
flawed but fascinating
While it's visually incredible and amazingly detailed, it's only intermittently charming, far too long for such a thin, meandering plot.
...a trippy and densely-layered but somewhat stillborn quasi-apocalyptic canine adventure fantasy.
The pleasures of the film reside in the obsessive attention to detail, and the scurrying, relentless nature of Anderson-ism laid bare on a tableau of stop-motion artistry. Like all his films, a second viewing is mandatory to absorb the accomplishment.
It is extraordinary to behold, to be sure, with images of waste and decay that are immense in their grandeur.
The meticulously detailed wasteland that Anderson has created is rendered with his typical craft and care; from its rippling glittery seas to a glowing rainbow cave of empty sake bottles...
I was transfixed. There is so much to look at in "Isle of Dogs" that a second viewing is almost mandatory. You can forgive its fetishism. Mania this dedicated deserves its due.
Do you like Wes Anderson? Then you'll like Isle of Dogs.
The emotional weight of Isle of Dogs depends on knowing exactly what that bond between dog and human can mean, how deeply and irrationally it can go.
Isle of Dogs is a beautiful film from a white, male perspective. You may cry in a couple of places, because humanity doesn't deserve dogs.
...it's through animation that Anderson reveals his truest heart and imaginative spirit, whether it be Fantastic Mr. Fox or his latest, Isle of Dogs, which may go down as a career best.
Isle of Dogs is a wonder of visual filmmaking, with lively voices and Anderson's trademark humor. It's worth watching just to hear dogs Bryan Cranston and Edward Norton arguing about "pack democracy."
This is a film where a character is literally whitewashed, an act that makes him more agreeable afterwards. Isle of Dogs treats this as a sight gag. It plays more like a confession.
The crowded little universe of Wes Anderson's latest movie is an amusing place to visit, if not necessarily a bucket-list destination.
Stop-motion Wes Anderson may be the best Wes Anderson.
With this original story set in a dystopian Japan, the acclaimed filmmaker steps out of his comfort zone, creating an adventure that's whimsical, bittersweet, and uncomfortably problematic.
Isle of Dogs infuses writer-director Wes Anderson's signature humor in an offbeat, but still heartwarming story about a boy and his dog(s).
By the time Anderson's animators show us a meal of sushi being prepared in meticulous close-up, I was ready for any trick Anderson wanted to perform for me. Isle of Dogs takes Best in Show.
In a career already filled with unforgettable work, Anderson has found his animation masterpiece.
The film's design and framing are not only funny, they are astonishingly beautiful. Like many have said of Kubrick, every frame in the wondrous "Isle of Dogs" is worthy of being a painting, whether it inspires a grin or a gasp.
Wes Anderson's joyous stop-motion feature looks and sounds like nothing we've encountered before, including his previous stop-motion feature, "Fantastic Mr. Fox," which was pretty wonderful too.
It is beautiful, lyrical, tragic, redemptive, and focused down to the last tick on a dog's nose.
A dystopian fable pitting man's best friends against its worst fiends in a futuristic Japan, the writer-director proves again that in his hands, a bedtime story is more likely to be an over-stimulant than a narcotic.
Isle of Dogs puts form ahead of narrative, which is fine, because it's always a pleasure to observe the intricate affairs of Anderson's minimalist movie realm...
Anderson attempts a lot. When its story about dogs and kids goes small, Isle of Dogs does quite a few good tricks.
Isle of Dogs is one of Wes Anderson's best movies, an imaginative and amusing travelogue through incredible settings, populated by wonderful characters, with a lot of heart and even a little insight.
This Fox Searchlight release is an admirably ambitious film, one whose appreciation for its mishmash of genres ultimately proves infectious and winning.
Wes Anderson's canine love story is a cultural crosscurrent-Japan by way of America by way of Japan-that maximizes the director's impeccable eye for clever curation.
Captivating from the first frames and ingenious in its design, Isle Of Dogs is as glorious and layered as Anderson's last live-action venture, The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Anderson's gorgeous stop-motion animated film is much more than just a transdermal patch for America's cuteness addiction. Instead, he's crafted a wicked smart satire of moronic local politicians that fits in snuggly with his eclectic oeuvre.
...part puppet show and part existential meditation on the nature of free will.
Good fun to see with teenage grandchildren, but not too eccentric for younger kids to follow.
Isle of Dogs ... buckles under the weight of its own finicky whimsy.
Wes Anderson's animated feature Isle of Dogs might be the most lyrically disjunctive movie ever made: Nothing fits together and everything harmonizes, magically.
Isle of Dogs is hilarious, touching and inventive and carries with it a strong and much-needed message of defiant love.
Time and again, Mr. Anderson pulls you hard into "Isle of Dogs."
Even if you want to ignore all the political aspects completely, you still have a lovely story about a dog and a boy going on an adventure. That always plays well.
Anderson and his story collaborators have outdone themselves with this wild odyssey involving mystery, intrigue, lots of action and humor --- but most of all, a story steeped in the importance of friendship and loyalty.
"Isle of Dogs" is visually spectacular, features an incredible cast of voice actors, and immediately captures the audience's attention with an hypnotic score by Alexandre Desplat.
An endlessly rewarding visual feast that taps into something joyously elemental about putting yourself in the hands of a master director and allowing yourself to be entranced by a film.
Endlessly inventive animated tale of outcast dogs is a career highpoint for writer-director Wes Anderson.
A movie whose every image is a miniature triumph of imagination and execution.
For better and for worse, it's Wes Anderson unleashed.
While the effect was surely unintentional, it's still problematic; you get the feeling that if this weren't an animated movie people would have been up in arms about it.
Isle of Dogs chases its tail and says nothing.
"Isle of Dogs" is positively littered with his signature banter, and it as quick and wry as ever, without a single hair out of place.
Isle of Dogs is a fantastical fable, full of talking animals and dreamy visuals.
A splendid jewel box of a movie about rather grisly matters, the filmmaker's latest represents another example of the clash between his playfully self-aware aesthetic and his growing obsession with our inhumanity.
Isle of Dogs is profoundly lost in approach, not just in translation.
"Isle of Dogs" bursts with color (including extravagant swaths of crimson) and precious detail, and is shot through with the filmmaker's reliably understated humor.
Wes Anderson's stop-motion canine fairy tale-with a timely political subtext-is a triumph of pure imagination. Expect to wag your metaphorical tail in delight,
Isle of Dogs has its quirks but at the end of the day, it hits all the right notes.
The 48-year-old auteur proves that even the drollest dog can learn new tricks, plumbing fresh depths of feeling and tenderhearted eccentricity.
The film is a crucial commentary on today's climate, with visuals so beautiful as to make you forget how trenchantly political it all is.
It feels, more than anything, like a cinematic love letter - to Japan, to dogs, and to finding your pack, wherever they might be.
Isle of Dogs is the epitome of a heart-warming adventure; a funny, fantastic and thought-provoking tale set in a world where one man's trash is another man's best friend.
Essentially a one-joke movie, but it's a good joke.
When you see Wes Anderson's quirk flag fly in stop-motion animated films like Fantastic Mr. Fox and the crazily imaginative faux Japanese fable Isle of Dogs, you wonder why he bothers with actual humans.
Anderson's films tend to inspire coffee-table books. This one is a coffee-table book, fun to flip through or dip into but not ideal for reading from cover to cover.
Wes Anderson's unabashedly quirky, quasi-dystopian Isle of Dogs is a pleasing rub to our collective bellies.
Nothing is open to accident. The director, no less than the mayor, is averse to things that stray. Still, what a result: a trash-trove of tiny details.
Isle of Dogs is a stunning achievement, growing upon the tremendous experiment of The Fantastic Mr. Fox to deliver one of Anderson's most handsomely realized visions yet.
: Wes Anderson respects the hell out of dogs. In Isle, he harms them not because he's a sicko, but because he believes they're every bit as deserving of a complex adventure narrative as human characters - perhaps even more so.
Heady enough for discerning adult audiences and yet still fun for kids, Anderson does a great job on the tightrope here.
Isle of Dogs boils over, not just with kinesthetic fur, but with visual details, cinematic references, and, in a relatively new development for this filmmaker, topical political ideas.
Isle of Dogs dazzles with creativity and dry wit. Wes Anderson's unique vision permeates every wonderful, artistic frame.
[Wes Anderson's] second foray into stop-motion animation becomes a compendium of his characteristic forms, flourishes, and frustrations.
For those in the mood for something completely different that offers extraordinary creativity and a sly sense of humor, this is a complex and deeply impressive moviemaking achievement.
The technical tail never wags the narrative dog. Long may Anderson adhere to his own high ideals.
Repeat viewings will surely be rewarded.
[Wes] Anderson's characters manage to connect directly with the viewer. [Full Review in Spanish]
Leave it to Wes Anderson to find his own eccentric way to pay loving tribute in a fantastical, funny and moving stop-motion animated adventure.
If you're playing Wes Anderson bingo, you can tick off 'droll whimsy', 'visual pizzazz' and 'Bill Murray'. Yet, thanks to the Far East setting and a rollicking story, this is a fun and fresh-feeling experience.
Anderson's signature whimsy isn't for everyone, but his evolving ability to temper delight with dread and vice-versa is superlative here, ensuring the wordplay of the title can't help but ring true.
Anderson declares his love for all things Japanese in a sensationally rendered, soft-hearted tribute to the cinema of Akira Kurosawa and Studio Ghibli's Hayao Miyazaki.
Original, inventive and oddly topical, this is a tasty treat for animation aficionados and Anderson fans alike.
A winningly affectionate and delightfully detailed dystopian fable.
Isle of Dogs's invocations of corruption and militarism should leave a sour taste in the mouth of anyone unable to abandon the thought of the world outside of the film's perimeters.
In place of a satisfying whole, it is still entirely pleasurable to once again get lost in Anderson's signature wash of exquisite detail.
While Isle of Dogs is basically a fizzy, ornately mounted assembly of quirks and barks, the sheer artistry displayed... is so expertly accomplished, and so clearly fueled by love, that you can't help but grin.
A certain cuteness, or preciousness, is what has made Anderson's films the object of scorn for some curmudgeonly critics. Nevertheless, the fantasy realm of a talking dog universe prevents trademark whimsy from congealing into sentimentality.
This gorgeous and rambunctious stop motion adventure sees Wes Anderson at his most imaginative and loose-limbed.
Isle of Dogs emerges as a profoundly Andersonian tribute to his love of Japanese cinema, particularly to Hayao Miyazaki.
The film is packed with laugh-out-loud moments, full of deadpan observations - a quintessential Anderson touch - and exciting sequences.
Isle of Dogs may be ruff around the edges, but it's an exquisitely rendered animation overloaded with visual gags and dry humour.
While Anderson's many fans will doubtless enjoy unpicking the film's visual delights, the rest of us may find Isle of Dogs delivering a lot of bark but not enough bite.
This is by some measure Anderson's weirdest concoction ever, in all sorts of good ways. And it probably counts as his most daring, too.
Anderson's trademark tongue-in-cheek humour and deadpan quips are there to ease the way, which seem more fluidly delivered by puppets than in Anderson's live-action fare.
Don't let the fluffy faces fool you. Wes Anderson's latest animation delivers talking dogs and snicker-inducing scenarios. But it's also bleak and frequently unsettling, a dazzling family movie with the darkest of hearts.
Ultimately ... the most striking thing about Anderson's fastidiousness is that it's all in done in the service of chaos.
Anderson is clearly a dog lover himself and his film is bound to appeal to anyone who shares his passion. All in all, the film is quite a treat.
Unable to find the magic line between beauty and temperament or irony and earnestness, the scale tips away from humanity-and dogmanity-and ends up lacking the Wes Anderson heart that we're likewise puzzled by and endlessly yearning for.
With the help of an incredible number of talented artists and performers, it's a movie that plays on the best of the writer/directors sensibilities, while accessing entirely brand new areas of it.
The unique charm of Isle of Dogs is its bottomless vault of curios, its sly humor, playful graphic inserts and dexterous narrative detours.
Say "Isle of Dogs" fast and it comes out sounding an awful lot like "I Love Dogs" - which makes sense, since that's pretty much the chief takeaway from Wes Anderson's delightful new animated feature.
They growl and occasionally they howl, but the dogs don't bark in Wes Anderson's stop-motion miracle "Isle of Dogs."
Wes Anderson crafts a stop-motion fable blending delightful fantasy, visual wonder and timely political parable.
This hugely enjoyable package shows an indefatigably fertile imagination letting rip in inimitable style - and packing an eco-themed, antibigotry message as well.

@highlight

The beautifully stop-motion animated Isle of Dogs finds Wes Anderson at his detail-oriented best while telling one of the director's most winsomely charming stories.