Rifkin has a cynical view of human behavior and he plays it for cheap titillation and bleak humor, which is mean-spirited at best and glib at worst.
The performances feel natural, improvised, and it's easy to believe this is the world we inhabit.
By the end, you're ready to call for the abolition of video surveillance, if only so that you can stop watching all these irritating characters.
Not much is what you get with this bargain-basement attempt at Altman. It has 'direct to video' written all over it
If Crash had been this interesting it might have deserved that Oscar; this movie lacks polish but that is precisely what makes it work. It's a very interesting experiment, one which I found entertaining, nervewracking, and rewarding.
The effectiveness of it in capturing our attention attests to very fine writing and editing which serve the mockumentary framework with immediate gripping power.
This could have amounted to nothing more than a clever trick, but it's much more than that.
If the idea is that we're always being watched, why does it seem that in this movie, no one's really paying attention?
Rifkin skillfully interweaves plotlines in a way that makes this currently much overused device seem perkily adroit rather than tiresome.
This is a great example of what you can do with not a lot of money as long as you're willing to think outside the box.
Rifkin's film is surprisingly compelling, if not up to dealing with the larger political issues it raises.
There are some funny moments, plus occasional nudity and sex, but the joke quickly wears off. What might have worked as a half-hour TV show doesn't suit itself to a feature-length film.
Orwell would have loved it.
With its emphasis on its interweaving stories, the movie offers no commentary on the phenomenon of increasingly pried-apart privacy, positive or negative.
Look just wallows in the shameful acts. Nobody need watch.
Some of this isn't easy to watch, but it's all worth a Look.
Look, an unsettling, rudely funny but not entirely credible feature by the writer and director Adam Rifkin, is an ensemble narrative for the age of public surveillance.
heavy on concept, not content
Even if "Look" exploits reality TV by boosting a sub-marginal plot with very realistic security camera footage it is still a great perspective into our brave new world
It brings up lots of questions to ponder and mostly succeeds as a fascinating, if frightening statement on the way we are.
Like Short Cuts absent Altman's metaphysical heft, Look is an oddly compelling little film.
Starting out like goofy comedy tinged with a police show, 'Look' soon shows its capable colors. Implications are there to be read, frightening or reassuring.
Beginning and ending his film with a strip tease, Rifkin suggests some leering adolescent who's gotten his hands on a pair of X-ray glasses and sees nothing but randy, flatulent fools in his midst.
Monumentally stupid on every level ... This movie sucks.
A funny, filthy, dark-hearted ensemble drama.
The whole thing feels so heavily scripted that it brings down the overarching impact. The misguided route raises the question of what kind of juicy stories might be produced by the real thing.
...Rifkin's voyeuristic modus operandi ultimately transforms the film into an unexpectedly compelling piece of work.
Look isn't processing, critiquing, or even warning; in the end, it's just recording.
Once or twice a year, if we are lucky, a movie comes out of seemingly nowhere and grabs ahold of us, with thoughts and ideas that stick in our heads long after the credits have rolled out and the lights in the auditorium has illuminated again.
A skillful examination of the things people do when they think no one's looking.
The thread binding these unrelated folks is a common disconnect between public facades and private conduct, though the notion that people aren't always who they appear to be is hardly some sort of revelation about society or human behavior.
It seems somehow entirely appropriate that the city of Las Vegas would be the place where writer-director Rifkin's film would earn its first Grand Jury Award.
Unexpectedly amusing and inevitably disturbing.
A seamless mixture of riotous humor and socio-political commentary.


@highlight

Though Adam Rifkin's voyeuristic film sometimes feels like only a clever gimmick, it's for the most part a compelling thriller with political overtones.