Don't worry your little head with the niceties of plot; they don't matter much.
Best lines? "Is this thing ever gonna end?" "Not even close." "I shore wish this thang coulda turned out different."
Ignore the cheesy dialogue, the cardboard cut-out villains and the atrociously OTT acting and just enjoy a good old-fashioned tale of heroes and villains the way the comic-books used to tell 'em.
It all seems so wearyingly old fashioned: teenage delinquents on motorbikes, creaky incarnations of Satan, a rock'n'roll take on dangerous cool.
Cage needs to produce something special next to make up for crimes against cinema.
By any real-world standard, this is a stupid piece of junk. But it's very good at being a stupid piece of junk.
The worst adaptation of a Marvel Comics hero yet.
Shamelessly cribs from the "Spawn" film.
If Nicolas Cage weren't a goofball with a hunky physique and droll wit, this Marvel-comic-to-big-screen adaptation would have no torque at all.
Seeing Ghost Rider is like going to Saturday matinee serials at the Rialto eons ago. It's a fanciful, puerile experience -- a fun day out for 9-year olds. Ghost Rider is a ridiculous melange of cheesy effects, talentless extras, corny plot and insi
Johnson might have diverted some of his CGI budget to hire a writer to come up with a story with some internal logic -- then he could match the effects to the story rather than vice versa.
Bad fun if you're in the right mood, and a large part of the credit goes to Nicolas Cage.
It's not a complete wash, a la Catwoman, but it ain't far off.
Director Mark Steven Johnson is infinitely less concerned with exploring Blaze's smoldering, soul-deprived isolation than he is infatuated with the character's skull-'n'-bones imagery.
At nearly two hours, Ghost Rider is a little long for a guilty pleasure.
Easily joins the ranks of ... throw-away superhero movies made for a quick buck.
... Ghost Rider still manages to be a pretty enjoyable diversion if you don't hold it under close scrutiny. Or better yet, any scrutiny. (Extended Cut)
Ghost Rider as a whole adopts Cage's personality, which means it's watchable but seems to be kidding around a lot.
Ghost Rider fails for the same reason every bad movie does: poor storytelling and bad acting.
The movie has the look and feel of a western. The final showdown is in a ghost town in the desert.
An abysmal excuse of a film featuring Nicolas Cage's worst performance yet and only marginally improving on the Spawn formula.
full review in Greek
Cage has to collect Satan's unpaid debts, meaning that he becomes a demon biker with a flaming skull for a head - and that's about it for this one-note film.
No skimpily dressed Satan-worshipping babes like in the original comics, alas. . .
When Blaze explains that he may not have a soul but he still has spirit, it's a little like saying, "I may have no heart, but I do have an organ in my chest that pumps blood through my body."
An oddly beguiling mixture of horror movie, biker flick, pulp Faust legend, redemption melodrama and western, featuring quite astonishing special effects.
Sometimes it sizzles. Sometimes it's a pale shadow of the comic book.
There's nothing here that you haven't seen previously in much better comic book movies.
The tagline for the new "Ghost Rider" movie promises that "Hell is about to be unleashed!" Actually, that might be an understatement. After seeing the movie, some might question whether it was the apocalypse that was unleashed.
It's ridiculous, likable, with some pleasing reminders of the Blade movies.
Grand, empty gestures and loads of CGI effects can't cover up pure schlock. Even the character's iconically cool trademarks -- a flaming skull and a fiery chopper -- are reduced to Velveeta slices. No, damn you, sir.
The plot is as corny as a country and western song.
The self-conscious 'quirkiness' is painful: Nicolas Cage plays Johnny Blaze as a homespun dunce who 'drinks' jelly beans from a martini glass, listens exclusively to The Carpenters, and busts a gut laughing at chimpanzee slapstick on TV.
Yet another comic book adaptation that goes up in flames before our very eyes.
As comic book movies go, this delivers pretty much everything you could expect from a film about a guy with a flaming skull for a head.
Nic Cage seems comfortable in the role of the flaming-skulled biker, but the plot holes are too deep even for his Herbie-like arachnid motorcycle to negotiate.
The movie quickly devolves into a tiresome F/X spectacle, but Cage approaches the material with a gonzo sincerity that's strangely magnificent.
Fonda is smart casting as Mephistopheles, while sultry Mendes is topnotch eye-candy.
t's fun in places, but the second you're out the cinema, Ghost Rider vanishes from memory in a big puff of smoke.
By the time our hero has finally relaxed into his leathers, there's little time left to wrap up the main story, which is some forgettable stuff about the devil's progeny (a googly-eyed Wes Bentley) trying to take over the world.
A blockbuster that offers enough quirky pleasures to feel fresh and unpredictable.
Nicolas Cage is the film's only saving grace in a welter of cheesy (but accurate to the imagery of the Marvel series) special effects and dialogue.
What campy fun this could have been.
The movie settles for cursory, disconnected allusions that don't exactly build character (Cage does some more Elvis impersonating and Elliott looks plenty leathery).
A pulpy cinematic comic book for teenage boys or adult males with arrested development. Next time, hopefully, they'll go for a Ghost Writer.
Mainly the movie's about riding a bike at the speed of sound while your head is burning. They can do anything these days, which isn't quite the same as saying they should do anything these days.
Let's face it, the appeal lies in the preposterous nature of all this -- and in Cage's truly bizarre performance.
It's an okay movie -- you know, for what it is.
A sodden, listless mess that wouldn't thrill even the most ardent Hot Topic enthusiast.
This is the type of film for which the actors involved carefully describe it in press junkets and interviews as "a lot of fun" rather than good.
Not as dreadful as the studio's decision to withhold press screenings until less than 24 hours before opening day would suggest, but not especially good either.
So much flatter than it was on the comic-book page.
Provides just enough pop thrills and slam-bang action to make it perfectly acceptable matinee fare.
The story doesn't arc so much as unspool like a stretch of desert highway, but the Ghost Rider is such a powerful amalgam of hot-rod iconography that this is still fairly watchable.
A classic example of style over substance, a usually negative criticism that works fine here. "Ghost Rider" is second tier Marvel, played fast and flashy.
The blank, frenetic exhaustion of the final reel acts like a kid who tries to snap out of a candy-binge coma by snorting lines of Pixy Stix.
Rarely in Hollywood have so many labored so hard with so much time and such financial resources to fill a movie screen with as vast an array of spiritual gibberish, literary poppycock and pure flummery as Mark Steven Johnson's Ghost Rider.
It's not quite a thrill ride but it isn't a total embarrassment for Cage. It's certainly no worse than Wicker Man, which depicted the actor chasing hippie chicks in a bear suit.
Surprised as I am to concede it, Ghost Rider smokes.
Is the world ready for a flaming Nicolas Cage?
Anyone who knows the character from the comics will be disappointed. Anyone outside a head-banging 13-year-old will be laughing their asses off.
Ghost Rider had some excellent one-liners, comedic breaks, and enough excitement to keep me wondering when and where the next battle might ensue.
Only when the flaming skeleton strides his fiery bike does the film hit high gear which, admittedly, is often enough to make this a passably diverting two hours.
Nicolas Cage wangs it up with a not-so-subtle Elvis impersonation as Johnny Blaze, the comic book hero who transforms into a flaming skeleton bounty hunter for the Devil.
'I've always wanted Scott Baio's scalp from Charles in Charge, and now I have it,' said Nick.
It's a ride worth taking.
Whoever the inept Mark Steven Johnson had to sell his soul to in order to get put in charge of two big comic book adaptations, I hope it was worth it.
If Ghost Rider wanted to fetch something of value, he should have been out there looking for a better script.
One blazing wake of destruction after another is pretty much the meat of this CGI roller coaster ride that sticks with you about as long as the popcorn you get at the multiplex
I'm not a comic book aficionada but I liked GR. Who was that bewigged 30 year old pretending to be Nic Cage?
A by-the-numbers hammy superhero caper that reaches new levels of blandness.
The movie crashes and burns, in a perfect arc from so-bad-it's-good to so-bad-it's-still-bad.
That isn't brimstone we're smelling on Ghost Rider. It's something else.
the grab-bagginess of its failure is kind of endearing
'Ghost Rider' has an estimated budget of $120 million. While the studio might have been willing to spend all that money on this dull flop, it's reassuring that the rest of us don't have to spend a penny on it.
Clever casting and top-notch effects can't fix a pandering, mass-audience-appeal script that refuses to let the Spirit of Vengeance fully out of his bottle.
It's easy to imagine why Cage would want to write a couple of his own lines. After all, you'd tell Dr. Kevorkian you could take your own temperature, right?
The real evil in this flick isn't Blackheart (Wes Bentley), the devil's son, it's the soul-sucking devil of modern cinema: Hollywood formula.
This supernatural action/thriller can't decide whether it wants to go for laughs or chills, and some of the supposedly chilling moments are the silliest and most laughable ones.
Ghost Rider could have been good-bad, rather than just bad-bad.
Any potential the film had for making pop art in a contemporary manner is drained away by the familiar demands of second-tier action blockbusters.
An unholy mess.
Spectacularly forged in the fires of cinematic creativity, Ghost Rider is also spectacularly silly, cheesy and a tad infantile.
Ghost Rider has everything you don't want from your superhero movie, including lack of logic, boring action scenes, bad acting in the supporting performances, a brutally slow 114-minute running time and cringe-worthy dialogue.
Every supporting character phones it in.
Ghost Rider would have been most fun had it been made for a dime by a Roger Corman-type outfit as a quickie Gothic adventure spinning Zane Grey, Faust and Evel Knievel.
Marvel's Ghost Rider has always been a thoroughly transparent, inorganic creation.
Good pulp fiction is driven by the truths beneath the conventions. Prefab junk runs on contempt for fans, with a layer of goodies and gimmicks on top.
This comic book adaptation is likely to flame out fast.
Though the film may feel effortless, by the same token it also feels as if it's not trying at all.
Outside of maybe X-men's Jubilee, I can't think of a comic character less deserving of the big-screen treatment than Ghost Rider. But what do I know? Maybe the idea of Nic Cage in unyielding biker leather sounded good on paper.
What should be scuzzy, goofy fun becomes morose, off-key dreck in the hands of writer/director Mark Steven Johnson.
Is this the best they could do with a fiery, chopper-riding skeleton that punishes the wicked -- put him in chase scenes and have him duke it out with other supernatural beings? What a wasted opportunity.
This is one beguiling ride.
This is one of those "turn-off-your-brain-and-enjoy-the-ride type things, and such it works rather well.
Its clear this director has sold HIS soul to a bunch of special effects wizards who certainly supply the hardware but drown out the human element.
Ghost Rider is a joke -- a monumentally foolish comic book movie with lots of unintentional laughs, mixed in with the intentional ones.
Ghost Rider isn't good but if you catch the spirit of it, it's not terrible.
Although Ghost Rider wouldn't necessarily qualify as a 'good' movie, it does have a few wonderfully goofy moments squeezed in between a lot of unspectacular visual effects and ho-hum plot points.
Ghost Rider works even less as a movie than it did as a comic book ... once you get past the cool concept and visuals of the character, there really isn't very much else there.
As unwieldy a film as one can imagine, Ghost Rider mixes Christian theology, classic Western motifs, pure horror, glitzy special effects and modern superhero angst to deathly ill effect.
Ghost Rider is the kind of movie that's great stupid fun as long as someone else is buying the tickets.
Ghost Rider is very much a movie for 9 year olds that feels like it was made by a 9 year old. Even 14 or 15 year olds will feel too old for what passes as cool or dark in this edge-of-camp movie.
The best that can be said about this movie, which is quite bad, is that it's not a complete surprise.
Seriously, people, if you're going to go see a movie you know is about a biker with a flaming skull and magic chains, you forfeit the right to complain about how the plot isn't logical or realistic.
Ghost Rider fails for the same reason every bad movie does: poor storytelling and bad acting.
You know if you're into this stuff, and if you are, Ghost Rider is fine.
Ghost Rider reportedly cost $120 million to make. But the resulting cheesy CGI effects, bad sets and music and mugging by the actors, especially Cage, suggest you spent your life's savings and ended up with a Yugo.
Neither contemptuous of its audience nor merely stupid, Ghost Rider's nonsensical histrionics are an almost perfect mirror of its comic-book source.
The movie could have been saved, though, if it had cut the puns of the kind that made us all flee Batman and Robin.
You would have to be somewhere beyond deep-geek to defend Ghost Rider's unholy melding of religious mumbo-jumbo to motorcycle worship, western folklore, father-son psychology, and Elvis Lives wish fulfillment.
For a movie that places so much emphasis on the soul, Ghost Rider is conspicuously devoid of one.
...damned if this one shouldn't make your so-bad-it's-good list...
For years scientists have theorized that one day Nicolas Cage would overact so badly that his head would burst into flames. Now, with Ghost Rider, the phenomenon has finally come to pass.
Once more [Johnson's] done a bang-up job of delivering a stink bomb so rancid audiences will be smelling it for the rest of the year.
Call this the Legend of the 500-Mile Pothole.
If Cage made a deal with the devil to never make a good movie ever again, Ghost Rider completes his transition from A-list star to industry punchline.
So far this year's crop of films have all been sort of drab, kind of depressingly boring, and just Eh..This is the first purely fun, if not cheesy stupid, movie of the year. I don't know if it's good but it's a hell of a ride.
You wouldn't want to slam back shots of tequila without licking the salt and sucking the lime. [Don't] see Ghost Rider without being ready for some comic book cheese.
The misguided rag tag ramblings of Ghost Rider will simply wipe away from one's memory bank faster than a chintzy ink-stained tattoo on a sweaty forearm.
What begins as a standard-yet-watchable superhero adventure slowly congeals into something approaching the caliber of Catwoman. Not as bad, but kinda knocking on the doorstep.
It's much more of a campy good time than you'd expect...
The first guilty pleasure of 2007.
When Ghost Rider ended, infectious widespread laughter and comments of ridicule broke out in the theater. That is probably not the reaction director Mark Steven Johnson was aiming for, but it was well-warranted.
There's little reason for some of these champions of justice to see the glory of the big screen. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Ghost Rider.
All too often, it dips into dour drama and schmaltzy romance.
Ghost Rider is a comic fan's celluloid nightmare. Jokey to a fault and weighty as newsprint, it lives down to the negative attributes attached to the comic book film tag.
I kept hoping the Scooby Doo gang would come out, rip the mask off of Cage and reveal Ghost Rider really is crazy old man Ben Affleck! That would explain so much.
...often looks like the cheesiest biker tattoo to ever grace bulging, leather-accented biceps.
If you're expecting no more than B-movie fun, it does deliver on that level. It's often hilarious, and generally intentionally, too!
...undoubtedly one of the worst comic book adaptations to hit theaters since the genre's recent resurgence...
Crappy comic, worse movie...joins Albert Pyun's Captain America at the bottom of the Marvel barrel.
Critics attempt to critique films like Ghost Rider with a straight face, but it never works out. That's why I'm going to just come out and say it: Ghost Rider is a hell of a lot of fun to watch.
Nicolas Cage really hits one out of the park!




@highlight

Ghost Rider is a sour mix of morose, glum histrionics amidst jokey puns and hammy dialogue.