Whether you view Mississippi Grind as a cautionary tale that highlights the futility of gambling or as an oddly inspirational buddy comedy ultimately belies the larger point: The movie is just so much damn fun.
Who would have thought Reynolds and Australia's own Ben Mendelsohn would be such a dynamic screen duo?
Chooses not to criticize or pass along judgment to Gerry, but rather showcase his extreme sadness and internal pain, which is something that Ben Mendelsohn superbly illustrates with subtle facial expressions
Mississippi Grind not only refuses to indulge in the easy pleasures of dramatic momentum, but it pushes its luck by meandering towards a bizarrely extended series of possible endings.
Reynolds and Mendelsohn are both excellent in an intelligent and richly atmospheric film that deals as much with addiction and human frailty as it does with friendship.
While there is a loose story/plot line to the narrative, Boden and Fleck have crafted the perfect interlude to encapsulate a never-ending story with little hope or light.
Ben Mendelsohn is amazing as the sick gambler, always willing to sink lower, and also Ryan Reynolds is magnificent and outstanding. [Full review in Spanish]
A loose, funky character study of two guys who can only frame their station as "can't win" and "can't lose," and can't really imagine a life that's anywhere in between.
... a meandering road movie through the byways of American characters who populate the card rooms and dice tables and racetracks, and an oddball buddy movie built on a chance encounter and an instant kinship between two losers gambling their lives away.
Mendelsohn and Reynolds keep us enthralled, waiting to see what the next turn of the cards will reveal.
Ryan Reynolds and Ben Mendelsohn floating down the Mississippi River to gamble and have fun. Should be entertaining, right? Well, it's more a grind than any kind of entertainment.
Mississippi Grind provides a venerable acting showcase to a pair of under-appreciated actors, but could have used more impetus in its execution.
Its lead double-act and almost-pointed pointlessness are enough to nudge it over the line. There's a faintly raffish charm to most shuffling-along scenes here. In the end, though, the story bobbles.
It's a better bet than most recent gambling films.
Definitely worth a watch, if only for the stellar performances of the two leads and an incredible deep southern blues soundtrack.
The script has flushes of comedy and humour, and the actors' winning on-screen chemistry harks back to a bygone era of Hollywood buddy movies.
Directors Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden deal us into the dramatic hand and dare us to make an emotional bet on a total deuce.
This one defies easy expectations, right up to its strange (in a good way) ending. The blues soundtrack is excellent, too.
All good films about gambling are, in essence, anti-gambling films and this one is a cracker.
It's a sketch of a film, but more than workable as a vehicle for Mendelsohn at his delicate, tragicomic best.
A seamless blend of buddy movie, gambling movie and road movie, Mississippi Grind delivers two terrific central performances from Ben Mendelsohn as Gerry and Ryan Reynolds as Curtis, two losers - with optimism
As the story snakes south through the United States along the Mississippi River, this movie builds up a bleak, mopey vibe that's difficult to engage with.
As a character-driven narrative, the plot unfolds effortlessly while the film's focus remains trained on the two protagonists.
Mendelsohn ought to be an Oscar contender for the shades of desperation, vulnerability and queasy hopefulness that shuffle across his weary features like the shadows of cards falling from a marked deck.
A casually mournful, beautifully made road movie that is perhaps best described as the picture that Robert Altman didn't live to make.
Boasting two excellent performances from Ben Mendelsohn and Ryan Reynolds, the film functions as both a richly absorbing road movie and a gripping addiction drama that places its biggest emphasis on character.
A movie for anyone who feels like a passenger in their own life.
The film doesn't sell out its characters. Instead it rewards them - and us - with arcs that refuse to end where you expect them to.
Mendelsohn seems at ease on the razor's edge that divides the radiant from the wretched.
Plodding and bland with a pair of dead beat buddies of little interest.
From its unshowy script on down, Mississippi Grind is content to rumble along as a character piece, keeping its storytelling loose and unpredictable, like a repeat flick of the dice.
Eschewing familiar vistas, Fleck and Boden take us on a tour of boarded facades and crumbling casinos light-years away from the glamour of Vegas or Atlantic City.
Winding, tense and unpredictable right up to the last spin of the roulette wheel.
Mississippi Grind is a rarity: an American movie about gambling that actually acknowledges that when you stay up all night in a badly lit room, your skin is likely to become very clammy and blotchy.
What it sorely lacks is any sense of life.
A compelling character study of two intriguingly flawed people, the sort of richly observed drama that has gotten all but pushed out of mainstream cinema.
The loose, meandering structure may be a little leisurely for some, and the ending might falter just a tad, but otherwise this is a road trip well worth taking.
The film earns major points for giving Ben Mendelsohn a proper, meaty character to tussle with, no longer psychotic second banana or madballs deus ex machina.
Mendelsohn is so watchable as a big-hearted but self-destructive loser, you can't take your eyes off the screen.
Mississippi Grind is an unashamed winner.
A minor classic ... maybe just a touch too sentimental towards the end, but a compelling celebration of male friendship all the same, with a blues soundtrack to be treasured, and a pair of lead performances worthy of awards.
A flimsy road movie about two mismatched gamblers.
It is a watchable if faintly baffling movie, never anything other than well acted, conspicuously without allegiance to any conventional three-act screenplay structure.
A ramshackle gambling road movie with a 70s feel, Mississippi Grind offers southern fried poker table tension combined with the allure of an underdog's quest as we journey down the Mississippi River.
A compelling, richly atmospheric gambling drama anchored by a pair of pitch-perfect performances from Mendelsohn and Reynolds.
These two men, unlikely allies and even less likely heroes, make this a character study worth seeing -- if your nerves can bear it.
The film's focus is not just the all-consuming power of individual addiction, but the cancerous economic depression felt in all the Mississippi River towns the pair pass through.
Above all, the movie offers the electric snap of an actor stretching out in his full powers. Ben Mendelsohn just went all in.
Ben Mendelsohn takes an individual who might, in a lesser movie, be simply described as a loser, and imbues him with compassionate regard for his plight.
This is easily Ryan Reynolds best performance since Buried and Ben Mendelsohn portrays flawed and helpless individuals so incredibly well. When you take that into consideration, Mississippi Grind is as addictive as its gambling storyline.
A captivating, contemporary, sometimes comic spin on the antebellum allure of a downriver gambling odyssey - soaking in the sights of the trip and soaring on unexpectedly excellent juju of the odd-couple casting for the two low-rollers at its center.
Edging close to greatness, this is a very good -- albeit rather sad -- character study about friendship, addiction and the hope for redemption -- or the next closest thing.
A two-handed portrait of addiction, desperation and regret that both narratively and stylistically harks back to the gritty character plays of the 1960s and early 1970s.
The actors flaunt craft, the script lays on the folksiness with a trowel, and scenes of local color seem to come straight from a guidebook.
The combination of Reynolds and Mendelsohn makes this a sure bet...
It's as if the Scarecrow and the Tin Man got lost and wandered down the Mississippi River, drinking and gambling and stumbling into and out of various troubles, not worrying about their brains or their hearts, just wishing for a little bit of luck.
I've never hated one of their movies. They don't elicit that kind of emotion.
Boden and Fleck understand that these two characters feed off of each other's personalities, while fueling the addiction that unifies them.
The movie is a snapshot collage of flyover America, but also, perhaps, an homage to the soon-to-be-lost world of brick-and-mortar gambling.
Mississippi Grind is a filmed series of lies, bad choices, and shaky attempts to get paid, all told through the texture, the soundtrack choices, and interesting casting.
Even as a road movie this is pretty bland.
This is one of the better movies about the gambling culture in recent years.
Mendelsohn manages to make us simultaneously feel sorry for him and hope, against what seem like steep odds, that he somehow succeeds.
For the most part, their odd coupling works, each character propping up the other until their paths must inevitably diverge.
"Mississippi Grind" winds up being an improbably satisfying, even heartwarming character study.
Among the virtues of "Mississippi Grind" is an unpredictability that's rare in movies these days. For much of the film, it's unclear just where it's going - and that's just fine.
I'm never one to call something 'a great American movie,' but Mississippi Grind really is.
Mendelsohn and Reynolds are terrific, each wrapping himself up in the material like a well-worn favorite sweater.
A well-crafted and gritty tale of two compulsive gamblers ...
We don't know what game these people are playing or where they're ultimately going, but we enjoy the ride while it lasts.
Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck have made a delightfully simple film that is now a rare American entertainment: a slow character piece driven by strong writing and good performances.
Putting a fresh spin on familiar themes, this character-driven drama is a confident bet.
It offers layered characters, operating in a vivid world.
The film isn't bad, but it relies a little too much on the here-and-now of the characters, with the result that we never really find out what put them on this desperate road.
Mississippi Grind captures the ecstasy of a good role of the dice and the desperation of a bad turn of the cards -- and provides a sense of why some keep going even when it becomes clear they've lost their shot at a happy ending.
Both of these men have more shadings and unexpected, often hidden layers than we thought, and the actors reveal them in pieces, often at moments where you don't expect to be surprised, much less confounded.
When I think of this movie, I think of the subtlety in Mendelsohn's face - the camera close up - when he loses everything.
Gambling tales are a hard sell. But this one is on a lucky streak. Great performances from Ryan Reynolds and Ben Mendelsohn.
The filmmakers know how to squeeze a lot from only a little narrative, Mendelsohn once again proves he's the reigning king of ne'er-do-wells and Reynolds has never been better.
Winds up being that rare beast: the buddy comedy where you're not tired of the buddies well before the credits roll.
Mississippi Grind" ... may be a bit of a throwback to the lived-in, character-driven, landscape-besotted films of the 1970s, but it's less a pastiche or a homage than the cinematic equivalent of a classic song, expertly covered.
This low-budget indie has a unique ambiance and surprising depth, both in the performances of its two leads and the writing/directing team of Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck.
There's enough fine acting in Mississippi Grind to make one wish it wasn't in service of such hoary clichés and fanciful sad-sack drama.
A remarkably fully-realized portrait of a couple of losers, whose brand new friendship is forged over a poker table and plays out on a fool's-errand road trip through some of the most seedily-picturesque pit stops in the U.S.
The tropes of gambling films are well-established, and writing/directing duo Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck aren't afraid to acknowledge those conventions in their newest and deeply human film.
Mendelsohn plays Gerry as a stringy, sweaty hunk of pure desperation, while Reynolds, as the ostensibly more stable partner, demonstrates yet again that he's much more than a ridiculously pretty face.
The ambience of pool halls, honkytonks, backroom crap games and smelly racetracks where these guys live out their aimless days and nights is captured perfectly, lending a distinct air of hopelessness to their already rudderless lives.
Mendelsohn and Reynolds share great screen chemistry ...
A sweet, shambling, supremely enjoyable road movie about two compulsive gamblers of very different stripes, it could easily be confused for one of Alexander Payne's wounded comedies, albeit one with higher stakes and a lower thread-count.
A nod to gritty '70s Hollywood movies, but it's not mere affectation. It gets something more essential about them.
Whatever "Mississippi Grind" lacks in efficiency, it makes up for it in pure observation.
While it's a bit of a slow burner, Mendelsohn is so compelling, there's really no need for things to speed up.
Reynolds and Mendelsohn work, and so Mississippi Grind does, too.
Mendelsohn gives Gerry more soul than simply a degenerate gambler. Reynolds imbues Curtis with an empathy that grounds his easy-quipping persona.
Without a pulse, the road-movie rhythms become monotonous -- and the references to 70s gambling pictures start to feel like affectations rather than commentary.
Mississippi Grind transcends its generic lovable-losers-on-a-bender plot by foregrounding exceptionally well-developed skid-row protagonists and weirdly charming dive-bar ambiance.
As you'd imagine with a Southern road movie, Mississippi Grind is steeped in atmosphere-both visual and musical, with much ripe barroom blues on the soundtrack and played live.
Ryan Boden and Anna Fleck convey an engagingly low-key atmosphere, pervasive with wayward souls haunted by poor choices.
As an addiction story and road movie, Mississippi Grind makes for a good character study that is perfectly content taking its time, as if its destination really is less important than its journey.
Great milieu, sharply-played characters, random, rambling and illogical story.
As it turns out, I love California Split so much that I didn't mind watching it again.
There's something depressingly predictable about Gerry and Curtis, well-meaning gents who can't stop screwing up. If their lives were more original, they wouldn't be in the mess they're in.
An enjoyable but not entirely successful road trip story of second chances and the fickle whims of fate.
...it's perhaps a shame that "Mississippi Grind" is ultimately too underwhelming to stake with any confidence.
It's so nice to have this fantastic filmmaking couple back and regaining their stride with such a different film for them.
For an addiction drama it's awfully watchable.
it should allow audiences to see a different side of Mendelsohn, and fully appreciate how effective Reynolds can be in the right role
Discerning arthouse-goers will warm to the film's superb performances, haunting sense of place and willingness to meander, as well as its sly rumination on the mysterious interplay of fate and friendship in shaping an individual's destiny.
Though the film takes on the appearances of a road-trip movie or a buddy con-man comedy, it's most successful as a piquant character study of a middle-aged loser, fantastically played by Australian actor Ben Mendelsohn.
A meandering road movie enriched by its fine-grained study of character and milieu, but somewhat lethargic and momentum-deprived in terms of narrative.

@highlight

Well-acted and steeped in Southern atmosphere, Mississippi Grind is a road movie and addiction drama that transcends each of its well-worn genres.