This documentary is beautifully and cleverly made, well researched and deep, seamlessly and inventively put together.
A picture is worth a thousand words, but Wright's film, if only for a few seconds at a time, takes us inside the head of one of our greatest living artists.
Despite ... sometimes dizzying artistic mood swings, "Hockney" remains grounded in the people and places that shaped the artist and his art.
It takes nearly an hour before anyone discusses anything conceptual, but what comes before is sufficiently entertaining, and what comes after, sufficiently illuminating.
he result is rather disjointed, held together by Hockney's own charm, apparent candour, and extraordinary energy.
The finished feature works well as a Hockney primer, but it's nothing we haven't seen before in the many TV documentaries made about the same artist over the years.
What the film makes apparent isn't just Hockney's dandyism and brilliance, but also his formidable work ethic.
Randall Wright's Hockney is the sort of documentary profile of an artist everyone hopes for but that we seldom get: a deep dive into the creative spirit in which every single frame reveals something vital about its subject.
The film fails to describe the full arc of Hockney's work and career - it is clearly addressed to those who already know that basic story.
A rich if occasionally slight bio of one of the most well-known artists of the last half-century.
There must be more gravity to the man's life and work than this breezy love letter will admit.
A documentary need not have a narrator, or be structured chronologically, but here either, or both, would have helped.
Pleasingly colorful assay, made with permission but pretty much free of puffery, of the lengthy career of seventy-eight-year-old English creative force David Hockney, son of Bradford, man of Los Angeles, purveyor of Polaroids, brusher of iPads.
Wright conveys the drama of Hockney's years at art school; his experiences and responses to the swinging 1960s in London; and his quest for new creative adventures in New York and then Los Angeles.
The film is a thorough, 112-minute overview of its subject's life and work.
The documentary isn't intellectually rigorous or academically minded, but it is engrossing, buoyed by the charm of Hockney and his cohorts.
Randall Wright's documentary Hockney is as warm as the artist's chosen place of residence, laced with loving interviews by intimates of Hockney's which go back to his early youth in gray, drab Bradford, England.
A fascinating examination of the mind, motivations and legacy of one of the 20th Century's most important, modern artists.
The artist comes across as an affable raconteur, and his personal input gives this film a sense of humor and irony that is most absent in Wright's lamentable attempt to share the Hockney experience with the audience.
This documentary is less a reflection of his singular presence than the result of haphazardly mashing together a fascinating life.
Mesmerizing documentary on an artist who is both modern and very old-fashioned in his painterly approach.
Many erudite talking heads appear, but there is no satisfying overview of the artist and his complicated relationship to art history ...
"Hockney" is less interested in providing a conventional top-to-bottom narrative than in capturing a sense of who Hockney is and what is important to him.
t's fine, and Hockney is an engaging screen presence. But it could have been much more than that.
Hockney is a little work of art of its own, even if it's so very nice and happy about everything.
After a nearly virtuoso opening, it reduces passages of the painter's life into multiple montages of pop pabulum.
The life and work of artist David Hockney is lovingly examined in Hockney, an officially sanctioned but pleasingly gush-free cinematic monograph.
[An] affectionate documentary portrait of the artist.
Both revealing and good-natured, it's a very inviting exploration of one of the 20th Century's major artists.
A life, work and spirited personality of acclaimed British artist David Hockney is wonderfully illustrated in Randall Wright's absorbing documentary Hockney.
Many of the film's decisions seem acutely targeted at the middle-class middle-brow crowd, and so totally at odds with Hockney's inventiveness and wit.
An affectionate, entertaining film that weaves together an overview of David Hockney's mercurial career, an insight into his personal life and some highly amusing anecdotes from friends and colleagues.
Hockney's account of his life and philosophy is always worth listening to, even if much has been recounted before in a variety of media.
You don't need to be a fan of the artist to enjoy this spirited celebration of his life and art. But you may end up a fan afterward.
A suitable portrait of one of Britain's greatest living painters, this artful documentary offers wonderful access to David Hockney, his family, friends, colleagues and of course his artwork.
Hockney has always been fascinated by sleights of hand, double bluffs and illusions. Wright's documentary is at its most intimate when it acknowledges a painful fact: our national treasure is bloody hard to pin down.
It's an enjoyable chronology spritzed with incomparable anecdotes and moments of melancholy but the director's storytelling is of the safe TV movie variety.
This documentary about British artist David Hockney draws on its subject's own family photos and home movies to provide an intimate, authoritative portrait.
In this poignant portrait, Hockney and his friends may make no stunning revelations but provide touching insights into the man who is probably Britain's greatest living artist and regarded as a national treasure.
The paintings steal the show. Nothing else really matters here ...
An amiable, agreeable study - as engaging and undemanding as a magazine profile with a great photo spread.
"Everyone is looking all the time; you just have to train yourself to look harder," Hockney explains. This warm, affectionate, perceptive film makes looking harder look easy.
You'll get no big revelations. Just stories from the artist, his friends and models.
Wright's film is warm, entertaining, and a great window into Hockney's work.

@highlight

Hockney offers few revelations for viewers familiar with its subject, but it remains an affectionate and thoroughly entertaining look at a British national treasure.