You must watch Daughters because you will not find a film like it anywhere. It's like some rare bird that's not only striking because of its unusual colors but because of the perfection of its form.
Daughters damns precedent altogether, sidestepping the broad strokes of African-American history familiar from so many textbook historical dramas set during the era of antebellum slavery or the '60s Civil Rights Movement.
A ravishingly beautiful work, it presents the historically grounded story of a multi-generational Gullah family reuniting on an island off South Carolina's coast.
The restoration and re-issue of Julie Dash's masterpiece is a valuable reminder that black female filmmakers are still woefully underrepresented in contemporary cinema.
If you find yourself thirsty for more Lemonade this summer, find the time to take in a screening of Daughters of the Dust. The trip will open your eyes and your mind.
Dash drew on her own family history to fashion Daughters of the Dust and throughout, there's an unshakable sense that the viewer is being called to bear witness. Heed the call.
This is balletic, operatic cinema, and a celebration of cinema itself.
This elegiac, dreamlike drama set on the Sea Islands off South Carolina in 1902 has an iron core of painful history
The film offers a poetic political vision of a society falling between the stools of progression and regression, asking whether standing off against the travesties of the antebellum American South is the only way to attain true freedom.
It is a mysterious, fabular and sometimes dreamlike film with its own theatrical poise.
It's lushly photographed and costumed, plus dreamily confusing, yet it vividly brings a past to life.
Daughters of the Dust captures with precision and great beauty a point in history, the transition of African Americans from rural to urban at the turn of the last century.
Dash has created a cinematic essay that immerses her audience in a world no other film has explored.
Even when the pace slows to a crawl, the island's gentle mood is appealing.
An absorbing, spirited film that merits considerable respect.
A poetic tribute to African culture, the oral tradition and the spirit of the Gullah people.
The stately pace serves the film's central theme - a discourse on the inevitability of change - which is enriched by much visual poetry.
Daughters' impressionistic look at the Great Migration (who will go, who will stay, and at what cost?) combines a corporeal sense of history with poetic, often indirect and allegorical underpinnings.
Daughters of the Dust is a film with a lot on its mind, but one that wears its agendas with lyrical lightness.
It has been filmed with astonishing visual imagination by Dash and cinematographer Arthur Jafa, however, and burrows into the minds of its female characters with a care that few recent Hollywood movies can approach.
The dialect-heavy picture makes few concessions to mainstream storytelling and is all the stronger for it.
Its examination of a bygone way of life is so patient and evocative, so beholden to its own storytelling conventions and rhythms, that watching it is a bit like submitting to a form of time travel.
Then and today it plays like a beloved song whose words you never learned but which still occupies a profound part of your existence.
Daughters of the Dust abounds with stunning motifs and tableaux, the iconography seemingly sourced from dreams as much as from history and folklore.
It's as much a cinematic probe, and a challenge to mythologizing past eras, as it is an ancestral history lesson.
Dash's boldly imaginative, ecstatically visionary drama ... is one of the best of all American independent films; she turns one family's experience of the Great Migration into a vast mythopoetic adventure.
...thrums with a truly independent spirit and a dreamy ebullience.
Centering on African-American women, Julie Dash's original feature was a highlight of indie cinema in the early 1990s.
The resources of the beautiful locations are exploited to the utmost, and [director Julie] Dash can be credited with an original, daring, and sincere conception.
Steeped in symbolism, superstition and myth, this disconcertingly original film is structured in tableaux which jump through time.
A brave and ravishing film that portrays a little-known society with deft, culturally specific images.
Grounding Daughters of the Dust are forceful performances from all of the Peazant women, especially Cora Lee Davis, Barbara O and Alva Rodgers. These three actresses are utterly unselfconscious emotionally.
A film of spellbinding visual beauty.
With its portrayal of Black dignity, majesty and depth of character and identity, this is clearly a film of those fully in control of their own means of cultural production.
At certain moments we are not sure exactly what is being said or signified, but by the end we understand everything that happened -- not in an intellectual way, but in an emotional way.
It is an astonishing, vivid portrait not only of a time and place, but of an era's spirit.
Daughters of the Dust moves with a lyrical beauty that blends hopes, memories, heritage and generational bonds into the limitless expanse of an island horizon.


@highlight

Daughters of the Dust addresses its weighty themes with lovely visuals and a light, poetic touch, offering an original, absorbing look at a largely unexplored corner of American culture.