This movie is so poorly written, with inexplicable characters making ridiculous choices, and the dialogue is simply cringe-worthy.
A big fat Greek flop!
It's like eating a plain Hershey's bar on that supposedly most romantic day of the year. It may soothe your sweet tooth for a brief bit, but you'll still be longing for Godiva.
A charmless rom-com about an exhaustingly vivacious florist.
I found it to be really one note. This is not authentic modern courtship.
Everyone who's ever seen a movie knows where this is headed... but getting there is breezy, fun, and most importantly, well-executed.
Uninspired romcom is no My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
An unspeakable nadir in the career of its writer-director-star, My Big Fat Greek Wedding's Nia Vardalos.
All I Hate Valentine's Day adds up to is an awkward, ritualized date between moviegoer and a still-learning triple hyphenate.
What it lacks in laughs -- there are none -- it tries to make up for by ladling on stale clichés, such as Vardalos' two stereotypically gay assistants and a desperate younger female friend who stalks guys.
A contrived, juvenile and painfully unfunny romantic comedy.
For I Hate Valentine's Day, Vardalos has chosen to direct. And that's a mistake that only compounds the ones in her screenplay.
You might blame Nora Ephron, whose screenplay for When Harry Met Sally established the formula that I Hate Valentine's Day runs into the ground. Compared with this, Ms. Ephron is Chekhov.
The movie is set up as a valentine to Vardalos. She should try sending herself flowers.
[I] enjoyed the cheap silliness.
An indie romantic comedy even worse than most of the bigger-budgeted but almost invariably rotten Hollywood examples of the genre.
Nia Vardalos wrote, directed and stars in this clunky, unfunny and plodding mess. She doesn't write dialogue, she writes shtick. Her direction seems awkward and amateurish, her acting is more like mugging.
Given the inevitable response to this equally regrettable rom-com, she can expect to loathe Independence Day, too.
Is it too pat to say I Hate This Movie? That's about the level of creative energy Vardalos applies to a film that manages to be every bit as bad as My Life in Ruins.
By the time the end credits hit, there's joy emerging not from the outcome of the Genevieve/Greg romantic tango, but the feeling of relief to know the film, and Vardalos's insipid direction, has finally come to a close.
Put it this way: Children who see this film at an impressionable age risk inhibiting their social growth.
Vardalos calls her film "the ultimate indie experiment," and if that's what is meant by ham-fisted pacing, writing, and acting, this is as ultimate and as indie as it gets.
I Hate Valentine's Day is a horror show masquerading as a romantic comedy. Maybe Vardalos is just in the wrong line of work.
The strength of Vardalos' movies is that she loves all of her fellow actors and allows large ensembles to flourish.
A plodding mediocrity with an almost mercenary adherence to formula.
An alternately kooky and kinky comedy about the impossibility of establishing a science of romance, the movie is salvaged from small screen sitcomish attitude by the enormous warmth and vivacious personality of Vardolos, even when in pretend tyrant mode.
Vardalos doesn't write dialogue; she writes shtick...the whole thing is one long riff, with few laughs and an inevitable destination.

@highlight

This boilerplate comedy lacks ingenuity or humor and features mediocre dialogue that sounds less like conversation and more like stand-up shtick.