This latest wedding yarn seems especially divorced of charm...
An excellent choice for a first date... [Full review in Spanish]
You know how it ends, but you cannot fathom how many pratfalls it takes to get there.
This sluggish clunker feels much longer than its running time.
There is nothing, nothing, nothing original about Made of Honor.
No chemistry, no sparks, no laughs. A story that's recycled, inane, and unbelievable. A preposterously lazy finale. Yep, all the components are there for this to be the worst romantic comedy of the year.
A film to leave at the altar.
A derivative yawner.
Features moments so light, they alone could lift the economy.
Not much distinguishes this determinedly average Hollywood outing, but it can claim Sydney Pollack's final performance and Patrick Dempsey's first big-screen starring role since his career second-wind...
They made McDreamy into McCreepy!!!
That we're now in such a safe sex cautionary era aside, turning a horny lecherous guy into Prince Charming is a tad more problematic than, say, transforming that mythic frog. A womanizer's guide to marital bliss.
While Patrick Dempsey and Michelle Monaghan display genuine warmth in the early going, they don't get many good moments once plot machinations take over.
My only consolation was that I saw this alone and no one else had to suffer these indignities with me...a baseless romance yearning to force itself into existence.
Although the film seems very proud of its clever gender bending "twist," there's really nothing fresh about Made of Honor. It's a one-gag movie that wears out its gag well before the halfway mark.
A prefabricated example of shoddy workmanship.
This is not the worst film of the year. In fact, it's not even really a bad movie. It's unoriginal, standard, and ordinary, but not terrible.
I felt like I was watching a fairy tale or something. It just didn't seem realistic at all.
A great film to catch with your girlfriends or loved one. Mc Dreamy does not disappoint on the big screen.
I hate Patrick Dempsey!!!
The film just revels in gay jokes and marriage clichés. There's no actual awkwardness to Tom doing a traditionally female job, so they just call him gay over and over and over.
Made of Honor is like a paint-by-the numbers exercise in filmmaking, sealed with a misogynistic lacquer.
Comic desperation can be seen at alarmingly frequent intervals.
An inoffensive but bland romantic comedy.
The fact that this is not in any way original isn't really much of a problem. The fact that it's completely awful is.
I know Julia Roberts, and you, Patrick Dempsey, are no Julia Roberts
...makes little effort to be believable...
[A] very very very tired and familiar love story.
For those who find 'My Best Friend's Wedding' too mentally taxing.
Best friend takes his first wife.
Despite its predictability, the feature has enough satire and comedy to be entertaining.
I admit the need for a frequent romantic-comedy fix, but 'Made of Honor' left me totally unsatisfied.
Made of Honor takes zero liberties with the rom-com formula, but the delightful Michelle Monaghan makes walking down this aisle a treat.
...derivative drivel, despite Michelle Monaghan's beauty and talent.
The only thing that McDreamy proves with this film is that while he probably knows Julia Roberts and has met Julia Roberts, he's no Julia Roberts.
Pretty awful and awfully predictable ... it's a sappy and stupid romance about characters who feel about as real as plastic action figures.
A bland redo of other things you've already seen done, but with significantly less zest and charm.
You may wish that Made of Honor had given its stars something more of interest to occupy their time. And ours.
Though he has the requisite charm for a romantic comedy, McDreamy has picked a pretty nightmarish project to showcase his talents.
Somewhere in the shades of Hollywood, the ghost of Cary Grant is shaking his head.
Made of Dreck is more like it.
This strained romantic comedy is a 'chick flick' for dudes, written by Neanderthals.
A movie that's often enjoyable but never as good as the ones it's stealing from.
This is silly stuff, made of cardboard, with one of those Gordian-knot plots that could easily be cut through by one person's simply being honest with another person for 30 whole seconds. There's not much more to say.
The plot becomes very familiar -- not just like My Best Friend's Wedding, but like a mishmash of every romantic comedy ever written.
Another dreary and predictable romantic comedy centered around a wedding.
The single funniest joke in this entire derivative thing comes right at the very beginning when the opening credits reveal that one of the entities involved with its production is named "Original Films."
Director Paul Weiland and the film's screenwriters offer standard sitcom setups and forgettable supporting characters, in effect hanging the whole picture on Dempsey.
Do yourself a favor: Send 'regrets' to this affair, and rent My Best Friend's Wedding again.
The romantic comedy Made of Honor adds tart satirical flavors to a cotton-candy formula without sabotaging the sugar rush.
There was a certain amount of suspense in the air at the screening of Made of Honor: Would Tom and Hannah realize they're perfect for each other at the altar, or would I burn down the theater first?
The cinematic equivalent of a cookie-cutter wedding, Made of Honor ultimately feels a little depressing. Shouldn't any major event, from getting married to making a movie, inspire some hint of passion and creativity?
It's hard to sympathize with characters who bear no resemblance to any existing member of the human species, although, as is typical with this kind of movie, the cast brings a commitment the material doesn't deserve.
Made Of Honor is a pleasant surprise, funnier and smarter than one would expect.
An unabashed piece of Hollywood fluff garnished with spry slapstick and appealing actors.
Patrick Dempsey goes into charm overload in Made of Honor, to no avail.
Dempsey and Monaghan -- and the rest of the cast, for that matter -- give it their all, but it just isn't enough to lift this formulaic nonsense out of the stew of mediocrity in which it merely simmers from start to finish.
Patrick Dempsey and Michelle Monaghan make an agreeable pair in this above-average comedy, another go-round for the reliable premise of longtime pals awakening to each other romantically.
Made of Honor is a retread -- My Best Friend's Wedding with the genders reversed and the brains removed. Chick flicks this calculated should come with enough Scorpion Bowls to numb the pain.
That the film can't seem to keep a cohesive tone is an undeniable irritant, but somehow director Paul Weiland...manages to massage such endearing performances from a very capable cast that the bad patches feel more like unfortunate hitches.
This was a movie offering up so little in the way of originality, absent of anything even close to resembling inspiration, all I really wanted to do while watching it was bolt upright from my seat and run screaming back out through the front door.
Something didn't feel quite right, but it wasn't until the climax when it hit me...
Rarely rises above the hilarity level of Oh, How Cute.
What had been a charming if undaring story about two friends who might be able to fall in love stops trusting itself -- and stops trusting the audience to stick with it without being dragged along by the nostrils.
Another wedding-themed romantic comedy that fizzles when it should fizz.
[The film has been infused] with several increasingly uninteresting and flat-out superfluous sequences that'll test the patience of even the most ardent romcom aficionado.
If she lived in another movie, you'd almost feel sorry for Hannah (Michelle Monaghan). But she's trapped in the execrable Made of Honor, which insists that she behave nearly as inanely as her two suitors.
It's a delightful, audience-pleasing, fun-filled fairytale of laughter and love.
Made of Honour, as well as flaunting one of the most useless titular puns in the history of cinema, is rubbish.
Admittedly a difficult genre to keep fresh and original, Made of Honor doesn't even try for novelty. Why come up with something innovative when you can plagiarize older and better scripts?
Certainly ain't nothing to query about the tired premise, whose cinematic block we've been around and around and around since Garbo first talked.
It's offensive because it's so incredibly, almost supernaturally, stupid.
goes from dull to boring and then becomes actively annoying
Let's just say that glow-in-the-dark anal sex toy sight gags fail to conjure up a desired mood of friendly, good-natured fun.
Even its clichés -- including a dashing rescue on horseback -- are trotted out with bland indifference.
those seeking a more meaningful romantic comedy should probably just rent 'My Best Friend's Wedding' instead.
recycles tired clichés and settles on the easiest jokes
The tension between the leads is almost lost in the white noise of vindictive bridesmaids, fussy future in-laws and one too many dirty sex jokes, leading right up to the oh-so-predictable grand finale.
The movie, like its stars, is not without its charm. It just would have been nice to be delighted by an unexpected flash of humor or feel the slightest bit of suspense about the resolution.
...gets almost everything wrong, from resisting "Best Friend's" resistance to a too neat 'happily ever after' wrap to ickily lewd comedy over the romantic variety.
If Grey's Anatomy heartthrob Patrick Dempsey is to ever fulfill his long-standing ambition of becoming an A-list Hollywood movie star, he's going to have to make much better choices of material than the annoying romantic comedy, Made of Honor.
You may find it dreamy, or you may simply be asleep.
Made of Honor earns enough goodwill in a long, clever and sexy opening act to carry it through to an ending that we don't necessarily guess because it seems to lack enough of that last word in the title: 'honor.'
Does anyone ever demand a refund for a romantic comedy that looks awfully familiar? Let's hope not, or the folks behind Made of Honor will have to do some serious reimbursement.
It remains a mystery why viewers -- particularly female ones -- continue to flock to wedding movies, particularly ones that paint all women as despicable, pathetic and/or man-hungry.
Overly familiar and predictable. Its debts to both When Harry Met Sally and My Best Friend's Wedding are considerable.
Made of Honor is the kind of formulaic fare -- there's even that turn-the-car-around-and-get-me-back-to-the-church moment -- that depends on the wit of the script and the spark of its stars. In those departments, the film is just middling.
It's touching work that makes Dempsey's plastic sincerity look as thin as the film's posters.
The plotting ranges from predictable to ridiculous and with the exception of a handful of laugh-out-loud moments, Dempsey's frequent shirtlessness is the film's main appeal. The rest is as unpalatable as stale wedding cake.
Not good, not bad, just there, the film faithfully crosses off one timeworn cliché after the next.
Certain formula-driven romantic comedies reach a point where the audience realizes it won't be much fun watching the main character get his way. Nor will it be much fun watching him get his comeuppance. This is not where you want your audience.
At its best, a romantic comedy celebrates one of humanity's greatest yearnings: to give and to find the love of a lifetime. At its worst (and this is where Made of Honor comes in), it can leave you with a bad taste, not just in your mouth but in your soul
Movies like this make Cupid want to change careers.
A film so dreadful and humiliating that it's reassuring to know Dempsey can keep his day job.
How you feel about Made of Honor depends on how you feel about Dempsey. If you like Grey's Dr. McDreamy, you'll like Tom and the movie. If not? There are plenty of other nondescript romantic comedies out there from which to choose.
The cinematic equivalent of the Bush administration.
Would the charming Patrick Dempsey ever become a Hollywood leading man? Too bad that his rare above the title billing is in such a disappointingly retro formula that recycles not only My Best Friend's Wedding but countless of other romantic comedies.
While it's slickly made and just about charming enough to keep us engaged, there's not much that's fresh or new in this formulaic rom-com.
This is an enjoyable romcom enlivened by strong performances from Dempsey and Monaghan.
Like a shopworn wedding gown disguised with a new sash, Made of Honor feels recycled from top to bottom. That's because it's essentially a gender-swapped version of My Best Friend's Wedding.
The dialogue can be summarized thusly: Hannah's female friends go, "Awww!" 'Eeeeee!' and 'Oooooh!' And Tom's friends say things such as, 'Any time is the right time to say I love you!' You'll be ready to retch even before Act 2.
Romcom is charming but formulaic; some iffy stuff.
The script can veer from mean-spirited to uncomfortably blue.
Nothing is ever funny or cute or clever -- or romantic, the supposed point. It all feels recycled and trite.
Made of Honor is a nice cookie-cutter comedy, no more and no less, but Dempsey, with his relaxed charm, and Monaghan, with her soft and peachy sensual spark, rise to the challenge of making friendship look like the wellspring of true love.
In his TV incarnation Patrick Dempsey may be called McDreamy, but his new romantic comedy is more like a nightmare.
Director Paul Weiland and the three (!) screenwriters it took to boil down thousands of bad movies into 101 minutes haven't provided this one with a single original thought.
An amusing, smartly cast romantic comedy told from a guy's perspective.
How do I loathe the soul-crushingly predictable Made of Honor? Let me count the ways.
A strong opening, bursting with wit and vigour, gives way to a predictable, patronising and immensely lazy second half. Could have been so much more.
This frothy rom-com that acts as a vehicle for tv sex symbol Patrick Dempsey is at its best in the wilds of remote Scotland, when his serial womaniser is out of his element. I laughed a few times, but overall was disappointed because nothing felt real.
Exaggerating the genre cliches is a joke the audience can share; deriding their belief in romance, the genre's sacred trust, is not.









@highlight

Sharp performances by Patrick Dempsey and Michelle Monaghan can't save this forgettable, formulaic chick flick from its comic failings.