It might not be the most fun superhero movie ever made, but it's certainly the most mature, complex and intriguing of them all. [Full review in Spanish]
The Dark Knight may not supply a happy ending, but there is a feeling of exhilaration as Batman rides off from the pursuing cops, and the realization that this is another big step forward for comic book movies.
The action sequences are like being injected with a shot of adrenalin straight into the heart.
This may seem like faint praise, but about the highest compliment I can give Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight right now is to say that there were many long stretches during which I didn't even realize it was a superhero movie
Too much psychology and not enough pop. It's possible to be too serious, you know.
Pretty deep stuff from a popcorn picture, and it's one reason why the movie theaters right now are such a rich vein of entertainment.
One of the most stylish extravaganzas in years.
As summer movies go, The Dark Knight is head and shoulders above most.
You will feel utterly numb after the screening of The Dark Knight. The film is bleak and brilliant.
The Dark Knight may mirror the ethical dilemmas & duplicities of the War on Terror, but it also offers a different, better way through them, with a seriousness that Bush & his clowns were never able to muster
The weight of expectation should have crushed this movie.
Nolan has squeezed enough material for a saga into two and a half hours. The action moves insanely fast, the exposition is breathless, and the big setpieces practically tread on each other's heels. Down time doesn't exist in this film.
Declaring Christopher Nolan's Batman movie to be the best-ever comic book adaptation or one of the top action flicks of all time understates what he accomplishes.
This is an impressive film in many ways, and Nolan directs with real confidence, yet the overall result feels cumbersome.
The Dark Knight is a clever, loud, technically brilliant film, superbly designed by Nathan Crowley and dramatically lit by Wally Pfister. Whether such a movie can bear the increasing moral weight imposed upon it is another matter.
The Dark Knight is a triumph from beginning to end.
The phenomenal The Dark Knight now reigns as the greatest superhero film of all time. From its exhilarating first frame to its bittersweet last, it sets a new standard for the genre -- and redefines what a summer popcorn movie can be.
Among the great strengths of The Dark Knight is the way it combines hardboiled naturalism with the kind of stunts and setpieces you expect in summer blockbusters.
Brilliantly bleak and chillingly Gothic (credit the enthralling cinematography by Wally Pfister), The Dark Knight emerges as the first truly great film of 2008.
The most thematically sophisticated, most philosophically profound, most narratively complex and most viscerally thrilling super-hero movie of all. It transcends the genre.
The Dark Knight takes the process a giant leap further, transforming a typical summer blockbuster into a brooding, unsettling reflection on the increasingly blurry boundaries between good and evil.
Does it match the hype? Yes.
At two and a half hours, it's a little exhausting, but I honestly can't say what I'd cut.
Dark, mysterious and pulsating almost from start to finish, Batman's return to the big screen has set a new benchmark for the superhero film, leaving the plethora of recent comic book capers firmly in its wake.
It's too long and Nolan tosses in too many twists near the end. But it delivers ongoing adrenalin rushes, mental popcorn to chew over and a rich atmosphere to get lost in. And it's impressive enough to rank as summer's strongest blockbuster.
Most of the film is entertaining. The cast is uniformly excellent and the resounding praise aimed at the late Heath Ledger is deserved.
Christopher Nolan's rich and engrossing adventure rip-roars across the cinema screen, bullying blockbusters into new territory.
To talk of Heath Ledger's performance is difficult, merely because, as gigantic as it is, it is only one important feature of an intricately wrought canvas.
If Batman Begins was the classy hors d'oeuvre in Christopher Nolan's blockbuster trilogy, then this awesome follow-up is a main course that delivers on all levels.
The Dark Knight is a rarity in Hollywood -- a truly earnest adaptation that in many ways exceeds even the brilliance of the work upon which it is based.
Nolan's Dark Knight constantly keeps us off-balance and fills us with breathless anticipation for the next stunning turn-of-events. Ask yourself this: How long has it been since you've seen a movie like that?
The Dark Knight is probably the smartest and most stylish action movie since the "The Matrix." It thinks and philosophizes. The subject it thinks and philosophizes about, perhaps not surprisingly, considering the times, is the Iraq war.
What you finally receive from The Dark Knight, then, isn't a message but a sensation, which comes from the deliberately twisted form. You learn how it feels to be in a vortex that just keeps sucking you down.
Once firmly established, the bludgeoning pace of one Joker rampage after another pounds the film's carefully detailed collaboration into mush.
[The Dark Knight] is the right movie at the right time, especially if you have a burning desire to be excited and depressed simultaneously.
Sometimes it's easy to overlook the message in a film and just enjoy the action, but not here, as Nolan, Bale, Ledger, Eckhart, and compatriots take viewers on a compelling journey through moral ambiguity and the masks we all wear.
An exceptionally smart, brooding picture with some terrific performances.
Were films judged entirely by the emotive impact of their opening and closing images, The Dark Knight would be a masterpiece.
The glimpse into the Joker's darkness during his documented torture scene is a credit to the devastatingly lost potential of Heath Ledger.
It's not just the best Batman film ever. It's not just the best superhero movie ever. It's more than a money-spinner, a franchise, a comic-book cash-in. The Dark Knight is a stunning piece of work that deserves every word of praise spoken about it.
A phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.
Thank Warner Bros. for letting Nolan make such a smart, thrilling, emotionally involving, just terrifically well rounded and fully realized entertainment that challenges and elevates notions of what a so-called 'summer blockbuster' can do.
It is ridiculous how much praise "The Dark Knight" truly deserves. Heath Ledger is this film's crowning jewel. By the time you get to the end credits, you'll immediately want to see it again.
The Dark Knight is the best kind of sequel -- one that uses its predecessor as a gateway to explore new facets of its characters and its world.
Visceral and terrifying.
The Dark Knight is a film that's fantastic on the action front, seeds its acrobatics in its own reality, and always feels relevant even when its ideas are drowned out by clatter.
Even if this wasn't Ledger's final role before his untimely death last year, his Joker would still go down in cinema history as one of the most creepily unhinged big-screen bad guys of all time.
More than a comic-book adventure, this is a sprawling crime epic.
You know you're watching a good movie when it puts a smile on your face right from the start. In the The Dark Knight it may be a twisted grimace but given the right perspective there's enjoyment to be had in even the bleakest subject matter.
Excellent sequel much darker, more violent than the first.
Allusions to our current struggles with surveillance, public perception and terrorism are thrown into the mix, adding political immediacy to Nolan's psycho noir.
Bring on part three.
To simply call The Dark Knight a high class superhero film undercuts its true value. Themes that concern mans internal struggle with good and evil, and the corruptible nature of the soul, enhances the film to spectacular and often tense heights.
With his sliced visage, enough knives to supply a steak-house chain, and makeup that makes Courtney Love's bad days look pretty, this Joker is the picture of pure evil.
Christopher Nolan is much, much smarter than your average filmmaker.
Completely lacking in vanity, Ledger creates his finest performance.
Flawed and overrated.
In this one, Gotham is finally a real city.
It not only surpasses Batman Begins - previously considered the high-water mark of movies about the Caped Crusader - but one that magnificently transcends the superhero genre.
The Dark Knight is a masterpiece of the first order, and the first great post-Sept. 11 film.
Middling as a summer blockbuster, zero as art, and more than a bit alarming as a phenomenon
najefektniji u trenucima kada se kr%u0161e nepisana pravila
Heath Ledger is Diana Ross and these other kids are The Supremes. Believe the hype, Mr. Ledger as The Joker is categorically brilliant. The late-great actor turned another Batman movie into a riveting film that will be Oscar worthy only because of him.
Despite its superhero trappings, The Dark Knight is more a piece of film noir.
The Dark Knight is a good movie. It has all the ingredients to be a great movie, but it isn't one. I may grudgingly put it on my best-ten-of-the year list (a paltry group at this point), but it could have been so much more. It came so close.
Can one great character carry an entire movie? ....the answer is obviously yes. Ledger does it.
The symbiosis of good and evil is the film's philosophical core, and images of duality and cloaked identity are strewn through it like shards from a fun house mirror.
There is enough psychology thrown around to keep film classes in business for years.
For all the Oscar buzz surrounding Heath Ledger in the past few weeks, there still aren't enough hours in the day to gush about his knockout performance as The Joker.
Lacks a sense of humor and a notion about the essential silliness of this premise.
The movie is two-and-a-half hours of almost non-stop action, which while often enthralling, eventually gets tiring. It's just go-go-go.
An amazing piece of filmmaking that rockets the Batman legacy to heights never imagined, fueled by Heath Ledger's amazing re-invention of The Joker.
In The Dark Knight, when mortals tangle in the affairs of the gods, they get burned.
The Dark Knight delivered on many fronts.
a riveting piece of work that will have us all mourning Ledger's loss but smacking our lips for a third entry
[Ledger gives] a bravura performance full of madness and menace, one that makes this clown truly frightening.
I say this with a smile from ear to ear, there is too much of a good thing. The Dark Knight is the best adult superhero film of all time.
The Dark Knight is the best Batman film ever made, the best superhero movie ever made, and the best movie of the year to date.
This is without a doubt the best -- and most important -- picture of the year.
The Dark Knight has raised the bar for the comic book superhero genre - it's a Batman movie for grown-ups.
A big summer blockbuster dripping in characters.
This film is sure to surpass your wildest expectations. The summer film that is sure to be unforgettable and leave you craving for more.
...even if Ledger hadn't died, critics and audiences alike would still be buzzing about the star's turn as The Joker.
...we can have not just good comic book movies, but amazing comic book movies.
relatively high-quality pulp.
Powerful acting, powerful action, huge IMAX sequences give this Batman a great big commanding feel. However, story is held hostage to action, especially in the second half.
Nolan gives in a bit to bloated-sequel syndrome ... but this is still one of the most riveting, trilling and wrenching movies of the year.
It could be the bleakest big-budget adventure since Blade Runner tanked on release near the dawn of the Reagan era.
... director Christopher Nolan's much-hyped, long awaited second entry in the Batman franchise is not only fabulous and the best film of the summer, it's possibly the best film of the year, a guaranteed mammoth hit.
"So here it is: The best superhero movie ever. The Dark Knight deftly accomplishes all one could hope for, and then it surpasses it, and then it continues to surprise. The movie isn't just a triumph, it is that rare pop-culture oddity: A masterpiece."
...many excellent moments and action set-pieces...
Be not fooled, this movie may circle D.A. Harvey Dent, and may toy with Wayne's weariness and loneliness, but this story belongs heart and soul to Ledger's Joker.
[Ledger's] manic zest gives the film its energy.
You will exit the cinema with an enhanced respect for Nolan's intelligence, for Wally Pfister's pin-sharp cinematography, and, sadly, for an acting talent tragically curtailed.
The plot is often impossible to follow. And the film, though dark, isn't as deep as some have claimed.
An obvious improvement over its immediate predecessor...
The first five-star blockbuster of the year has arrived, and in style.
Shouldn't Nolan, marvellous as his directing here is, be creating original films rather than rebooting and retooling franchise fare?
Watching the first dizzying, vertiginous overhead shot of the glittering skyscrapers and minuscule streets, I literally forgot to breathe for a second or two, and found myself teetering forward on my seat...
...a movie that fulfills the promise of the best Hollywood movies in that it offers us transport to an alternate yet recognizable reality.
Believe the hype. The Dark Knight is, quite simply, the superhero of superhero films.
A product of these troubled times, the sequel to 2005's Batman Begins includes nods to terrorism, domestic surveillance and even sanctioned torture. But one of its greatest feats is to capture our collective anxiety over the resurgent politics of hope.
Lo mejor, por lejos: la descollante actuación póstuma de Heath Ledger como el Guasón definitivo. Quizás el primer blockbuster de culto del siglo XXI.
Everything you've heard is true...brilliant.
Hugely entertaining, superbly acted and stunningly designed blockbuster that mixes adult themes with spectacular action and actually leaves you wanting more, despite its lengthy running time.
thanks to an atypically meaty screenplay, this might very well be the best superhero movie of all time, and is the only film in this genre that is so well crafted that it deserves some serious respect when Oscar season rolls around next year.
The Dark Knight is both a brilliantly nihilistic, incredibly dark and richly layered filmgoing experience, and a painful reminder of what the film world lost with the senseless death of Heath Ledger.
It manages to bring together an action film and a thought piece. This is a lot more than we have come to expect from a comic book film.
The Dark Knight is so thrillingly-executed, primeval and exhilarating, it will forever sear itself into your consciousness. It might also be the most intelligent blockbuster movie ever made.
Batman and Robin it ain't; it's hard to believe "The Dark Knight" and Joel Schumacher's infamous camp extravaganza even came from the same universe, let alone the same franchise.
this intelligent, remarkably responsible approach to some of the most pressing issues of our times will make The Dark Knight be remembered, and cherished, long after the summer is over.
A must-see for Ledger alone, but there's more to it than that. If anything, the film is a grim portrait of our own paranoia, sense of hopelessness and selfishness.
The Dark Knight is a film steeped in tragedy, sacrifice, and heroism, and the eternal struggle at its core gives it a resonance that makes it one for the ages.
The action is devastating, high-wire and realistic.
The darkest and most clever of all of the superhero movies ever made.
Nolan and company did such an incredible job with this and tied up all the loose ends so well, that it's hard to fathom what they could do and where they could go with a 3rd film. I sincerely hope there isn't another Batman film. You can't top perfection.
Scripted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan, The Dark Knight is laced with the depths of thematic aspiration that can catapult a summer tentpole into the realms of the mythic.
A sinister epic that manages to turn its pulp, comic book source into complex and thrilling art for the masses.
Batman started out as a comic that grew gothic that has turned psychotic. The Dark Knight is one long movie about madness.
Besides a couple of flaws and Batman's distractingly garbled voice, this is one entertaining superhero crime saga.
'The Dark Knight' boasts a visual splendor that matches its trenchant themes and inspired performances.
A stupendous performance by the late Heath Ledger burns this incarnation of The Joker into our psyche as securely as did Jack Nicholson's. But even more than Nicholson, Ledger plays The Joker for real..
Good, but overrated.
The hardware is played down this time and the result is character intensive movie that just so happens to have some of the best special effects of the season.
At one point, all of Gotham believes that Aaron Eckhart is Batman. Indie-man, maybe. Or Blonde with Split Chin-man. But I'd sooner believe that Val Kilmer is Batman. And what are the odds of that?
It plays with the same themes as a lot of other superhero movies, but is about something bigger.
It is a supreme achievement in its genre. It doesn't transcend its comic book origins, but rather faithfully represents them, wholly unembarrassed to deliver its story on its own terms.
Batman lives to absorb blame in order to save the worthy, and soldier (or speedbike) on.
Impeccably acted, morally complex and crafted with across-the-board technical virtuosity...emerges fully formed as an American crime-movie classic.
Without question one of the most demonic, pure incarnations of nightmarish instant classic movie villains, Heath Ledger's Joker self-mutilated danger junkie, misery loves company chaos freak in hellish warpaint may be gone, but will never be forgotten.
Heath Ledger's performance was a strong contributor, but Christopher Nolan's writing and direction is the real star.
You heard it here first: the late Heath Ledger will win an Academy Award for his defining, spine-tingling performance as The Joker.
...in the world of movies based on comic book heroes, there are the new Batman films, and then there's everything else.
Not just a comic book movie but a virtual dissertation on the nature of good and evil, as well as the thin line that sometimes separates them.
A near flawless example of superhero cinema with marvelous performances, a top notch script, and direction that aims for a more adult audience...
No wonder people were lined up long before midnight for the first showing.
As the king of an amoral universe, as a purveyor of unrestricted evil for fun, Ledger's dastardly villain, attired as sort of a rotting Clarabell, has chosen his own damnation. He's jumped into an abyss he has dug himself, and he wants to pull us along.
An ambitious, complex, unpredictable and uncompromising morality tale.
Everything you would want to see in a movie... I wanted to applaud after every scene Heath Ledger performed... features Batman's most wonderful toys yet.
Now you see it, now you don't.
It's another step in Nolan's attempt to make action blockbusters more "serious" without stripping them of the genre's benefits.
It has chases and crashes and fight scenes, including a somersaulting truck, but when it is over it is the wrenching choices, the internal confrontations, that reverberate.
Probably one of the better comic book stories filmed ... .
Ver a figura claudicante, vulnerável e trágica de Batman mergulhar nas sombras de uma cidade desesperada por figuras heróicas é, desde já, umas das imagens mais fortes e tristes que o gênero já produziu.
Do not worry about going in with unrealistic expectations. Your expectations pale in comparison with what The Dark Knight is prepared to deliver.
I'm betraying my childhood to concede this, but Nolan has finally topped Tim Burton's two twisted spectaculars.
I encourage anyone who has the opportunity to see The Dark Knight in the IMAX format, DO! It's impressive beyond imagination.
A very exhausting film...something far more than just an entertainment.
It's not a superhero movie, or a crime drama either. It's a horror movie -- an epic one, and a great one. Madness and mutilation are on the menu...
While it has it's small flaws, this new Batman installment is an impressive motion picture, largely made so by the performance of a greatly-missed talent.
[Though] The Dark Knight is a film one can respect, it is very difficult to enjoy.
The Joker should be charged with the film's biggest crime: stealing the show.
A movie perfectly pitched to the nasty desperation of the times.
The movie is relentlessly paced, as Nolan constantly pushes the film with nail-biting action sequences and resonant dialogue exchanges.
The best way to sum up the sheer brilliance that is The Dark Knight is to paraphrase a saying from the Comic Book Guy in The Simpsons: Best. Superhero movie. Ever!
With only three short words comprising the film's enigmatic title, it also boasts three epic claims to fame: the role of a lifetime for the late Heath Ledger, one of the best films of 2008 and one of the greatest superhero films of all time.
Far from offering traditional summer escapism...a brainy, action-packed morality play meant to throttle the audience, body and mind, for a solid 152 minutes and haunt them for days and weeks later.
The Dark Knight might be the first superhero movie that exudes a palpable sense of dread and menace that tugs at our nerves in a way that both disturbs and delights us.
Christopher Nolan's latest exploration of the Batman mythology steeps its muddled plot in so much murk that the Joker's maniacal nihilism comes to seem like a recurrent grace note.
The Dark Knight is even more blazingly ambitious than its predecessor, the 2005 Batman Begins.
The film is so relentlessly bleak that, paradoxically, its blackness is not given its full due. But this comic-book movie is more disturbing, and has more freakish power, than anything else I've seen all year.
During the summer of 2008, at least, the price of a single movie ticket isn't likely to buy more on-screen entertainment value and cinematic ambition than The Dark Knight.
Believe every ounce of the hype surrounding The Dark Knight.
Nolan hasn't just created another comic book film, but a well crafted solid engrossing thriller
A drama about hard moral choices, 'The Dark Knight' is 'The Godfather' of superhero movies -- or, at least, 'The Departed.'
Quite good. Nolan's visually sophisticated and well-acted sequel engages and even wows for about two hours of its 2 1/2 -hour run time.
Ambitious and relentlessly dark and altogether better than its predecessor.
Watching The Dark Knight is like gazing into a mirror on a waning moon night: chilling and mesmerizing.
Ledger makes the Joker his, imbuing the character with such menace and genuine insanity I finally got a sense of what talent he really had.
Like a symphony where every note is exactly where it needs to be, or a painting without a brushstroke wasted, The Dark Knight is an unabashed, unashamedly great film.
Delves so deeply into the darkness that lurks in the hearts of men that it comes almost as a shock, bordering on euphoria, to find that it maintains a tenacious grip onto hope in the human potential for good.
The stunts are exciting, but here's an action movie where the bits in between feel like more than setup for the next set piece. We've seen Bat movies that wink, sink or stink; this one thinks.
If a movie is only as good as its villain, then Dark Knight is a winner, hands down.
Puts Nolan in the same league as Brian de Palma, Martin Scorsese and Michael Mann.
Supremely satisfying for about a dozen different reasons. A great film.
Someone get the Batman a lozenge.
Christian Bale is magnificent as the tortured hero, but the movie belongs to its freaky villain.
Pop cinema has a new hero in Heath Ledger's Joker - a joyous force of dementia and one of the most haunting portrayals of villainy in some time.
Despite the tensions between its form and its function, The Dark Knight succeeds far more than it fails, and lingers provocatively in the mind.
Oh, and if skin-crawling performances, complex storytelling, and profound ideas don't do it for you...did I mention that the film is completely badass?
This is a terrific movie, the action sequences are splendiferous, the acting impeccable but there's something missing at the heart of it. And it seems to be Batman.
Heath Ledger's Joker is, in many ways, symbolic of Nolan's overall success with The Dark Knight; subtle and restrained, but always two shakes shy of bloody holocaust and a masterpiece of cinema that time will verify.
The Dark Knight illuminates courtesy of Ledger's brilliant interpretation of the madman.
Ledger is magnificently malevolent. He creates a character who revels in mayhem, a criminal with no agenda other than to spread terror.
A triumph in comic book movies...the best Batman movie ever made. But it is Ledger's demeanor--his body language, eye contact, and delivery--that gets under one's skin.
At the core of what is undoubtedly the most intense, and even at times horrific, superhero movie yet made is Ledger's extraordinary performance.
There is an exquisite order in the chaos, a fascist formality and video game surrealism that resists the forces of disintegration with a sort of superhuman determination.
While the film may be a hell of a ride, it takes a hell of a long time for the ride to grind its way out of first gear.
As promised, Heath Ledger is terrifying. Cruelty plus cleverness is a fearsome combination.
Nolan is clearly on the title character's wavelength and understands how a crisis of such magnitude might affect good men trying to do the right thing.
The late Heath Ledger will be missed because of his ability to make a green-haired clown into the most terrifying sight in recent memory.
[Gotham City] stands in for any of today's civilized nations and becomes ripe for thematic exploration. And Nolan wastes no chance to utilize this world for a tale about how fragile our morality is.
Batman becomes a supporting player to the characters of Dent and the Joker
Mixed with the flashes of absolute brilliance are long dead sections. The film left me more often bored than entertained. It's a certain candidate for my list of this year's most overrated movies.
The Joker's scenes reveal a lean, mean thriller hidden inside a bloated superhero epic.
The Dark Knight is a complex and violent tale of clashing egos. The disturbed verses the disturbing. And in the title, underline the word dark. Add an asterisk. Italicize dark's font. Make it bold and bigger.
Director Christopher Nolan has crafted a Batman film of such devastating impact, it practically obliterates the memory of its predecessors -- including Nolan's own Batman Begins.
Pitched at the divide between art and industry, poetry and entertainment, The Dark Knight goes darker and deeper than any Hollywood movie of its comic-book kind.
It's the new gold standard for superhero noir.
Tremendous fun.
This is the kind of movie going experience that people tell their grand kids about.
Ledger's manically endearing performance as the unhinged psycho giving both cops and crooks nightmares is so riveting that it makes you sad for all the roles he'll never have a chance to tackle.
Heath Ledger's bravura performance will glitter for as long as movies exist.
...if, like me, you've always thought the Paul Dini/Bruce Timm animated version was tops, you should be pretty happy with what Christopher Nolan has done this time around.
An explosively provocative [film]. ... Exhilaratingly straightforward action sequences matched by moral complexity of a sort not usually associated with comic-book movie franchises.
The whole thing would be worthwhile if for nothing else than the late Ledger's brilliant and creepy performance as the unhinged, deranged villain. Hopefully, his achievement will be remembered when film-award season comes around.
Ambitious, flawed and erratically visionary, Batman is back.
It's a movie about America, terrorism and the rule of law; about heroism and human nature. The dude in the bat suit is just window-dressing.
Quite simply, when you see The Dark Knight, you're going to realize how truly awful the first wave of Batman films were.
Where Batman Begins was largely about the considerable personal toll exacted by its hero's decision to fight back against the forces of evil while adhering to a code of honor, The Dark Knight expands those weighty themes to city scale.
A very good movie that falls short of greatness.
Ledger's performance reigns over Nicholson's by taking evil to a new level. If you don't see this in theatres, then you are missing out on one of the biggest and best films in history.
Dark Knight is epic, frightening, unforgettable, unstoppable, and every inch a classic Batman trial, brought to life with disquieting, mouth-slashing sincerity.
The Dark Knight succeeds as an action film, character study and metaphor for our own terrorism-obsessed time. Even the hoary device of suggesting a bond between the outcast hero and the outrageous criminal, misused in so many films, makes sense.
The Godfather of summer movies. Yes, I mean it.
For all The Dark Knight's occasionally bombastic excess, it sort of does top them all, and not only in star power and sheer number of things blown up.
Under the fun summer blockbuster sheen lives an unnerving, serious, complex and ambitious crime epic about three good men with the courage to stand against evil.
The Dark Knight is a masterpiece, easily the strongest effort in the history of its genre and one of the best movies of the decade.
Do not go gently into The Dark Knight. It's an electrifying, thought-provoking meditation on the modern wages of fear. And you haven't danced with the devil by the pale moonlight until Heath Ledger has taken your psyche for a twirl.
Whatever the causes, the effects of The Dark Knight are subtle and powerful. It's rejuvenating, it renews the faith.
The setting may be Gotham City, but the landscape is that of the unconscious, where archetypes roam unfettered by the restraints of the waking world.
Locked in a struggle for Gotham's soul, this Batman and Joker are mesmerizing, unforgettable and, yes, complete.
The Dark Knight should not be remembered as the movie that took Heath Ledger out. Thanks primarily to him, it should be remembered as the movie that propelled fantasy action-thrillers to a higher level.
Nolan has turned this comic book creation into almost Wagnerian opera, the characters going through more twists, turns and crescendos then any I could have ever imagined.
I'm tired of the early Oscar talk too, but when you're talking the best performance in years, if not decades, it's worth talking about. The whole movie is worth the buzz. Christopher 'Slowly Revealing Myself To Be God' Nolan has done it again.
[Ledger's] performance is also the most interesting thing in the film, and when the Joker is absent, The Dark Knight loses most of its energy and dynamism.
This film is not only one of the year's best; it may well end up as the finest of 2008. At the very least, it deserves consideration for Best Picture and Best Director, along with the expected Oscar kudos for Ledger.
See this one on the biggest screen you can (IMAX, ideally), and experience both the magic of top-notch technical filmmaking and the bittersweet pleasure of watching a young actor, gone too soon, giving a performance that won't be forgotten.
The Dark Knight is better than you have heard and as good as you had hoped.
The Dark Knight is easily the most entertaining bummer of the summer.
Let's face it: If you're any sort of pop-culture or movie freak, you're going to see this flick. And you should, just for Ledger.
Christopher Nolan's second Batman adventure is the rare blockbuster that left me engaged and thoughtful instead of bored and bummed out.
It's the standard-bearer for the school of comic-book movies that confuses pompousness with seriousness and popular mechanics for drama.
You come away impressed, oppressed, provoked, and beaten down, holding on to Ledger's squirrelly incandescence as a beacon in the darkness.
A masterpiece of good and evil with Oscar-worthy performances and technical accomplishments that has the potential to impact the genre more than any film since Christopher Reeve put on red tights.
Batman's dilemma in The Dark Knight is how to use his bad press, whether he will embrace it or continue to fight it.
The Dark Knight resounds with a throbbing topical undercurrent, its superficially good-versus-evil setup slowly revealed to be a complex examination of the ways in which democracies can, and must, combat zealotry.
Nolan not only raises the bar for superhero movies, again, but also presses a summer full of comic-book movies under the heel of an impressive bat boot.
The Dark Knight is grim, loud, ugly, mean and disjointed (four out of five ain't bad!); thus, as an evening of fanboy fodder it's very hard to beat: Call it The Dork Night.
Ledger's Joker sports greasy, green-tinged hair and a permanent slouch. It's as if he had bad posture as a kid and things only got worse from there.
My question is can a third episode -- one lacking the unforgettable, superlative performance of Heath Ledger -- possibly top the magnificence of The Dark Knight? I predict a very interesting Oscars next year.
flat-out exhilarating, a roller-coaster plunge into the heart of darkness... and a tad exhausting
The Dark Knight is a brilliant follow-up to Batman Begins
Nolan has shown a new way to tell a superhero story, and it may turn out to be the only way to tell a story about heroes in this troublingly amoral time.
I have no idea if Ledger will win the Oscar next year. James Dean didn't. However both men left us, albeit too soon, with performances that will endure forever.
A great work of contemporary cinema and easily the most artistically significant film ever made to ever inspire its own fast-food pizza tie-in.
The most brilliantly complex, perfectly paced, nerve-jangling, moral-wrangling film ever based on a graphically detailed literary work and, dare I say, one of the most important American films to be made in years.
Mixing bravura filmmaking with flat clichés in about equal amounts, The Dark Knight is all about dualism. Appropriately, the movie's half-inspired, half-frustrating.
Shakespearean but overlong, The Dark Knight is two hours of heady, involving action that devolves into a mind-numbing 32-minute epilogue.
Everything rides on the Joker's formidability as a villain who can carry that kind of weight. In his last role, Ledger makes us believe.
It's still too long, especially for a comic-book movie. But with Ledger's last performance director Nolan was blessed with the gift of light.
Ledger's mesmerizingly damaged agent provocateur is the film's dark heart, a presence so malevolently unpredictable that it remains palpable even when he's not on screen.
Whatever trepidations Ledger may have had about taking on such an iconic role, he blows past them brilliantly, carrying The Dark Knight along with him.
[Ledger gives] a fine performance regardless, and I wish the movie around it were more deserving.
A thought-provoking morality tale about the descent into darkness of a vigilante superhero, an anarchistic and sadistic villain, and an ardent idealist whose dreams are shattered.
Nihilistic, imaginative and emotionally gratifying, The Dark Knight is in many ways a groundbreaking triumph, and perhaps the best superhero film to date.
It's jam-packed with flawlessly designed set-pieces and skullduggery, sure, but it's also shrouded in grim portent, overlaid with a filigree of despair, and, for good measure, covered in a patina of dire consequence.
As much as this is Ledger's movie, that should not diminish the notable accomplishments of other key cast members.
Walking out to your own city's streets afterward, you'll likely have a "Hey, this isn't Gotham!" moment. It's a level of transportation that no cackling, Kool Aid-colored villain could achieve, but it's what every comic book fan truly wants.
Christopher Nolan wanted to make an action movie that was different from other action movies -- darker, more twisted, more despairing, more bleak -- and he has mostly succeeded in this latest Batman installment. He can thank Ledger for a lot of that.
A superior sequel, remarkable for its blend of serious themes and crowd-pleasing action, with a performance by Heath Ledger that's a memorable coda to a career cut far too short.
This is not merely a Batman movie. It is not merely a comic-book movie. It is not merely gripping summer entertainment. It is, with Wall-E, one of the two best mainstream films to be released all year and far and away the most hypnotic chiller.
It's a comic-book movie, but it's also a dark and highly complex drama.
Nolan hasn't simply made a popcorn movie for brainiacs. He's an increasingly self-assured director of action sequences.
The Dark Knight is a good -- not great -- superhero movie that crams as many ideas into its 2 1/2 hours as it can and still be considered a summer action picture.
Among this summer's action films, Dark Knight is easily the best in show.
Remarkable for it's visionary thematic sprawl... and unforgettable for the individual performance of a single actor.
Squaring off the best-ever Batman and the best-ever Joker would've been enough, but director Nolan sticks them inside an ensemble crime saga that should make Scorsese proud.
Elevates the genre. Ledger triumphs and I loved the bromance between Wayne/Batman and Harvey Dent. Why Maggie Gyllenhaal?
To see it is to understand that Nolan and his co-writer brother Jonathan saw a chance to go deeper into familiar characters and mythology, a chance to meditate on darker-than-usual themes that have implications for the way we live now.
From its grim palette to its wonderfully eerie score, a departure from what Hollywood has always told us a superhero film should be ... Complex, unsettling, and rewarding.
Director Christopher Nolan, who cowrote this dense, dark story with brother Jonathan, has taken the comic book super hero movie onto another plateau...Post 9/11 themes dominate...
See The Dark Knight and you're guaranteed an exceptionally dark night at the cinema. You'll also see the finest superhero movie in years -- no joke.
Let it be said that [Ledger's is] such a fearless, fierce, menacing turn that comparisons with Jack Nicholson don't come into it. This is the definitive Joker.
It's one of this year's most haunting cinematic experiences.
The Dark Knight is ahead of the curve, dense and demanding, an art film on a grand scale. It won't make you smile, but it will make you ponder this mesmerizing experience.
The generation of consumers who swallow this pessimistic sentiment can't see past the product to its debased morality. Instead, their excitement about The Dark Knight's dread (that teenage thrall with subversion) inspires their fealty to product.
The Dark Knight is insurmountable fun.
I previously have had my own auteurist doubts about Mr. Nolan's work, but after The Dark Knight, I may have to rethink my past reservations about Mr. Nolan's place in the 21st-century cinema.
Nolan has shot The Dark Knight with the utmost confidence, and with a gleefully morbid sense of fun that prevents it from becoming oppressively bleak.
The Dark Knight packs in at least two films worth of action, suspense, spectacle, horror, and nuanced social commentary. You'll want to see it more than twice.
The Oscar talk is no hype.
The Dark Knight [sounds] like heavy stuff -- and it is. But I should add that Nolan also delivers the kick-ass goods, from an opening bank heist a la Michael Mann to a climactic episode of vehicular mayhem a la William Friedkin.
Nolan paints an inky portrait of a city falling apart, and in a movie rife with two-faced masquerading freaks, the Joker is merely the least conflicted of the bunch. Ledger's work is improbably droll, impossibly creepy, meticulously detailed.
Twisted, tortured, terrifying -- and terrific.
Takes the expectations attached to superhero movies and subverts and reverses them in unexpected ways.
Ledger slips into the purple suit as if it were an animal skin for a primal, archetypal dance...Nolan's richly realized adaptation of a modern American mythology fulfills our faith in the material and its interpreters.
Iron Man and even more so The Dark Knight move the genre into deeper waters. They realize, as some comic-book readers instinctively do, that these stories touch on deep fears, traumas, fantasies and hopes.
Analyzing the successes of such a blistering, genre-defining masterwork (I'm already slipping) is tantamount to judging the contours of Michelangelo's David or evaluating the shading and form of Da Vinci's The Last Supper.
From the start, it drags us down to the fiery pits of Gotham's anarchic hell and never lets us up for air; it is a bruising, unrelenting slice of sensory overload, a captivating spectacle as likely to dazzle the eyes as fray the nerves.
Freed from the confines of an origin story, director Christopher Nolan lets loose with an intense, challenging, flawed and, yes, dark vision of Gotham under siege, featuring an unforgettable final performance by Heath Ledger as the clown prince of crime.
The movie may fall shy of greatness, but that's not for lack of trying.
Plodding, puffed-up kitsch mistaking itself for profound psycho noir that the source material won't support.
It's an action-filled crime drama revolving around a dangerous, demented anarchist. Once again, the Joker's wild!
Nolan cements his position as Hollywood's premier purveyor of blockbuster smarts.
It's a hugely entertaining bit of eye-candy.
Visually arresting, with an awards-worthy performance from the late Heath Ledger -- the story bogs down in subplots and subplots to subplots.
Batman takes a fierce stance in favor of untruth, surveillance and (but?) the American way. Bruce Wayne says, 'Batman has no limits,' and there are two sides to that coin.
While The Dark Knight has all the visual flair and breathtaking action sequences you'd want in this kind of movie, the screenplay by Nolan and his brother Jonathan Nolan keeps the human element front and center.
It's a dark epic, but thankfully, there are some moments of comic relief.
If Dark Knight is a nightmare of particularly modern neuroses, then Batman/Bruce Wayne are a tiny ray of hope upon awakening.
The Dark Knight is 152 minutes long but is transfixing and all-enveloping, rather than arduous.
It's proof that popcorn entertainments don't have to talk down to their audiences in order to satisfy them. The bar for comic-book film adaptations has been permanently raised.
Holy hyperbole, Batman! The best superhero movie ever is also the best movie of the year so far.
Nolan has provided movie-goers with the best superhero movie to-date, outclassing previous titles both mediocre and excellent, and giving this franchise its Empire Strikes Back.
In this, the last performance he completed before his death, Ledger had a maniacal gusto inspired enough to suggest that he might have lived to be as audacious an actor as Marlon Brando, and maybe as great.
Dark Knight is I suppose the greatest superhero movie ever made, but it's so far beyond the genre that attempting to compare it with likes of Spider-Man, is almost laughable.
There is no other way to put this: The Dark Knight is bloody brilliant and you should go see it!
The Dark Knight may be the first movie of its kind to substantively, intellectually address the mythos of comic-book action in something vaguely resembling the real world.
This movie is too in love with itself to make you love it.
The Dark Knight is noisy, jumbled, and sadistic.
This is a rich, complex, visually thrilling piece of pop entertainment, as strong as any superhero epic we've ever seen.
This movie is grim and jammed together. The narrative isn't shaped coherently to bring out contrasts and build toward a satisfying climax. The Dark Knight is constant climax; it's always in a frenzy, and it goes on forever.
Nolan wants to prove that a superhero movie needn't be disposable, effects-ridden junk food, and you have to admire his ambition.
An epic that will leave you staggering from the theater, stunned by its scope and complexity. It's also, thankfully, a vast improvement over his self-serious origin story, 2005's Batman Begins.
I loved The Dark Knight... It's unbelievably dark and uncompromised; it's the film noir we deserve for our terrifying 21st century.
There's a sense of daring in this explosive Batman film, in which we constantly feel on edge, aware of the impending risks and that there is something to lose.
The Dark Knight is bound to haunt you long after you've told yourself, Aah, it's only a comic-book movie.
This is not a Batman movie -- this is a 2008 version of The Untouchables with The Batman as Elliot Ness, The Joker as Al Capone, and much better toys.
Daring and uncompromisingly different from previous incarnations of Batman, Nolan hasn't redefined the superhero genre as much as created an unforgettable piece of crime fiction within the context of that realm.
A dark, ambitious, mature and gritty crime saga the likes of which Michael Mann or Martin Scorsese would be proud to call their own.
An ambitious, full-bodied crime epic of gratifying scope and moral complexity, this is seriously brainy pop entertainment that satisfies every expectation raised by its hit predecessor and then some.
The ideas here are not new to the movie world of cops and criminal, but in the context of a comic book movie, they ring out with startling clarity.
The film is quite special but where some films can weather extraneous or padded scenes, The Dark Knight has some distracting bloat to it which keeps it out of masterpiece territory.
Martin Scorsese's The Departed. Michael Mann's Heat. Brian de Palma's The Untouchables. And now, Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight can join the list of one of the most absorbing and intense crime dramas in modern movie milestones.
The Dark Knight is not only the best film I have seen this year, but quite possibly the best superhero movie ever made.
Nolan's sequel surpasses the original with an intense, disturbing masterpiece.
Dark, grim, haunting and inventive, Dark Knight is nothing short of brilliant, representing Chris Nolan's most accomplished and mature work to date and the best and scariest comic-hero adaptation you're likely to see this summer, perhaps the whole year.
The haunting and visionary Dark Knight soars on the wings of untamed imagination.

@highlight

Dark, complex and unforgettable, The Dark Knight succeeds not just as an entertaining comic book film, but as a richly thrilling crime saga.