It is like bad Bresson, if that were a possibility. All signifiers and no meaning; all tics and no truths; all mute emoting and no emotion.
Only Kerrigan's previous Clean, Shaven surpasses Keane as a sympathetic study of a man unravelled.
One's compassion is both challenged and expanded by a rare movie that really does go its own way.
Unshakably harrowing but deeply moving.
[Lewis] immerses himself so deeply in Keane's psyche and skin that you easily forget this is acting, not real life.
The film achieves a dramatic intensity that is both admirable and frustrating.
Aside from Lewis's excellent acting, there's little reason to spend two hours with Keane.
Lewis makes Keane's paranoia our paranoia. Kerrigan limits our world to his world. And that's how this grimly shot, roughly felt drama pulls us in.
A small wonder of a minimalist morality tale.
When it comes to an emotional payoff at the end, unlike most Hollywood films, it has earned it.
The role of Keane is a tall order, as he's onscreen for every frame of the film, but Lewis is just brilliant, holding our attention and ultimately our compassion for a deeply troubled man.
Affliction has rarely been so sensitively explored.
A psycho-underworld tour de force like Irreversible or The Machinist, impressive as far as it goes (not far), single-minded but without enough on its mind, a gimmick flick.
The entire second half of the film...is unbearably tense....Lewis, whose performance is the overwhelming center of the piece, deserves a large share of the credit for making the entire thing so grueling.
Lodge Kerrigan is one of the great, though largely unheralded, filmmakers of our time.
It's in that breathtaking humanism, its illustration of the way we connect to one another, and how brittle that social fabric can be, that the film touches on sublimity.
[Damian Lewis] is utterly riveting as a man who is all too aware that he's looking into the abyss and the scenes where he dips into outright mentalism are extremely uncomfortable to watch.
The next time you see someone railing in the streets -- fighting a battle you'll never understand -- you may remember Keane and pause to reflect.
As good as Lewis is -- and he's in every frame of this 93-minute movie -- it's Kerrigan's astounding gift for addressing the wounded that demands celebration.
With its endless close-ups, it's almost suffocating in intensity, but is saved by Kerrigan's sympathy for his character, and Lewis' utterly realistic performance.
Professionals in the mental health field may find this film interesting; the rest of us will probably find our attention wandering a bit, pondering how good Keane might have been.
A movie that puts you so far into someone else's head you may have forgotten your own name by the time it's over.
Lewis delivers a convincing, powerful and highly nuanced performance as a man who's fighting desperately to keep his illness in check and lead a normal life.
The pinched, obsessed, grizzled, fragile Bill is one of the more disturbingly human dead-zoners in American film.
The movie isn't a crowd-pleaser, but it moves the soul, and that's enough.
A surprise, and a highly effective film, much more accomplished and less punishing than Clean, Shaven.
The director is able to rivet us with this small story, simply because he observes it all with such a hard, unblinking gaze.
Kerrigan's films create worlds of personal obsession.
There's more than a few spots where the improvisation [in Keane] spins out of control...
The daring filmgoer will see the film's merits and, I hope, embrace it.
Keane is emotionally involving right from the beginning through its final frame.
We feel sympathy, fear and revulsion for Keane ... and it's to Lewis' credit that the subtle build of Keane minimalist plot adopts such weight and depth by the final scene.
Mr. Lewis, a highly talented British actor, displays a flawless American accent in what amounts to a hyper-Wellesian monopolization of screen time and screen space.
It's an amazing piece of work.
Kerrigan maintains that balance on the thin line between sanity and madness throughout his little miracle of a film by never wavering from Keane's wavering perspective
Kerrigan is without peer at plumbing the violence of the mind.
It's not fun, but it's as much an antidote to fake Hollywood nonsense as anything you'll see this year.
Lewis, in an astonishingly elastic yet disciplined performance, invests Keane with a richly ambiguous, heartbreaking inner life that's only at peace when he manages to form a tenuous human connection.
Keane is a movie you might see on a dare, and though I think it is brilliantly conceived, I wouldn't dare to dare you.
Just another in a long line of films that tries and fails to examine the issue, taking the easy road by remaining detached from its own proceedings.
An emotionally harrowing film that's probably too downbeat for general audiences. But for the more adventurous viewer seeking provocative fare, Kerrigan's third film confirms that he's a filmmaker of acute sensitivity and psychological nuance.
John Foster's hand-held camera rarely strays from Keane's face. He's loony, all right, but you have to feel sorry for him.
It rests on British-born Lewis' astonishing performance. His characterization is so bold, so raw and so far out on an emotional ledge that you can't help but fear he'll never find his way back.
A subtle morality tale, enlivened by intense moments
An unsettling psychodrama that opens our hearts to a mentally and emotionally troubled man.
Kerrigan is as interesting a filmmaker as is haunting the margins of modern life, a place that needs some light. And certainly some sympathy.
Lodge Kerrigan is a director worth watching, and Keane is a small wonder in a season of big but deadly, brainless blockbusters.
Keane, Kerrigan's third feature, is his real breakthrough.
That might be this phenomenal film's emergent achievement: Its raw hopelessness is its universality.
The film is held together by the raw intensity of Damian Lewis' portrait of the emotional torment of a man whose life is falling apart.
The horribly overused device of the handheld camera makes Keane not simply grating and heavy-handed, but also nauseating.
Tense and intense as Clean,Shaven, but not as compelling, Keane is an uncompromising but frustrating film, marred by slender narrative and elevated by cinema verite style
The film is much more realistic than entertaining.
A wondrous film.
takes a long, grueling ride around the block and never really manages to illuminate the human condition
[Damian Lewis] is an absolute revelation as the title character and he delivers a daring and completely riveting performance.
Keane maintains its gritty, unsettling edge as it quietly leads up to a potentially even more troubling finale.
Mr. Kerrigan both gives us a life at the edge of the abyss and pulls off an extremely deft narrative sleight of hand.
[Keane] is unfortunately akin to a rat-in-the-maze science experiment.




@highlight

The scrutinizing camera angles of Keane might at first feel too close for comfort, but this powerful portrait of a man distraught by the abduction of his child plumbs the depths of mental illness and the corners of fleabag hotels in an intimate and touching examination of the seedier side of life.