I'm not sure the movie will end up earning back its stars' huge salaries, but you definitely can't argue they didn't earn them.
It's not enough to merely swoon over Witherspoon. The movie's entirely too long and leaden to get by on that alone.
"How Do You Know" is a complete misfire from famed writer/director James L. Brooks.
What happened to James L. Brooks?
Some of the bits are funny, every now and then they're sweet, the performances are OK and really, with this much talent involved, it's hard not to be disappointed in that.
It's all a bit of a slog and, in the end, you don't know much more than you did at the start.
What makes any of these kinds of movies run involves the appeal of the main actors, and all three, stalwart in their screen likabilities, smooth the proceedings.
Not enough films let their characters talk enough. Because if they did it would usually stop the idiotic plot in its tracks. Points for meandering down the road less traveled.
Good news: you've got great actors with wonderful chemistry and comic timing. Bad News: they're playing some of the most irritating, unlikable, infuriating characters ever committed to film
Even Nicholson's usually scene-stealing bluster can't get this disappointing addition to the Brooks filmography going.
Every scene is as achingly long and laboured as the film's instantly forgettable title.
More creative energy has gone into furnishing these characters' apartments than devising credible emotional situations to put them in; the result is wholly undemanding, and best saved for a long-haul flight.
James L. Brooks has clearly spent far too long in Los Angeles.
Though neither mindless nor insensitive, this interminable movie falls far short of Brooks's best work, which is to say Broadcast News and As Good As It Gets.
Seemingly well-intentioned and inoffensive - but there are so many other films that do this sort of thing faster, better and with more jokes, including a couple from writer-director James L Brook's own back catalogue.
Though the film was a box-office dud in the US, Brooks delivers an amusing and consistenly engaging relationship piece that is a cut above the standard romantic comedy.
Despite the best efforts of all involved, trying to prise laughs out of How Do You Know is like trying to make concrete float.
Instead of juicing it up with jokes, Brooks has inadvertently given us another story of the American condition, which is that of absolute and incorrigible self-centredness.
How Do You Know is a slight and predictable tale of modern day love, padded with subplots about father-son bonding and undeclared love.
For the most part, this story of trying to find out how you know you are in love is so slow and laborious you'll wish they'd just flip a coin and be done with it.
How do you know you've got a dud? When a cast this talented and determined can't lift a soporific screenplay to entertaining heights.
Acclaimed writer-director James L. Brooks has turned out one of the most unbearable romcoms ever in How Do You Know.
Running a dire 40 minutes longer than it needed to be and favouring static two-shots for long-winded passages of mirthless yakking, the film's momentum is utterly becalmed at regular intervals.
A fatuous and depressing parade of nothingness...
Starts badly and just gets worse.
Wilson, with his immaculately off-kilter comic timing, is still a pleasure to watch. But Rudd can't rescue his character from the insipidity to which Brooks's screenplay condemns him.
Brooks is back with another warm, smart romance along the lines of As Good As It Gets. The snappy characters are well-played by a strong cast, which makes it steadily entertaining even if it's not hugely believable.
Nicholson is on autopilot, and Brooks doesn't give the characters the full three dimensions to complement the script's undeniably witty lines.
A rom-com with too much rom (winsome) and far too little com.
Extremely dull, badly written comedy-drama that never gets off the ground, despite likeable performances from Rudd, Witherspoon and a perfectly cast Wilson.
Not Brooks' best, but it has its moments.
Contrived, mawkish and mirthless, this feels like it was made by people who haven't had any meaningful human contact for years.
Overlong but occasionally appealing rom com in which it is the intangibles of the relationships that prove to be everything
The whole mob yap away in self-absorbed therapy-speak for almost the entire two-hour running time, meaning anyone who lives outside the Beverly Hills nut-bubble - ie almost everyone - is going to be instinctively reaching for the fast-forward button.
This neurotic comedy tiptoes from one boring setback to the next, bottling its issues in schmaltz, and thus, costing the film its heart.
I'll take the movie's distinctive warts over the pasteurized engineering of current comedies any day of the week
Unconventional rom-com that is really neither but gets by on the charisma of the cast including Whiterspoon and especially Rudd who can do no wrong.
Everything looks primed for civilized amusement, but somewhere along the way the laughs dropped off, together with the question mark in the title.
At least half the film plays out at an acceptable level of amusement until its excessively repeated indecisions makes you hanker for the fast forward. This happens well before you reach the two hour mark.
One factor, and one factor alone, brings 'How Do You Know?' to above average.
I had more emotional investment in Yogi Bear. That's sad. And Yogi Bear wasted 36 minutes less of my time.
Kudos to Brooks for crafting Lisa as the kind of smart, level-headed, capable, red-blooded, confident female protagonist we almost never get to see in the movies.
"How Do You Know" that this movie is not all that great. Wait till about half way through and then ask for a refund.
a warm and fuzzy film that somehow manages to avoid the trap of becoming cloying. It finds piquant and pithy humor and pathos in watching grown-ups who don't quite know what they want
The last fifteen minutes is pretty good but that end does not justify the earlier means.
Nothing quite clicks in this movie. Nothing really sounds right, or feels right. It just... doesn't work.
Some more whine with your waffling? All of you?
How Do You Know is more Why Should I Care, and I can't honestly say I recommend you rush out to see it.
While the characters are interesting, their emotional connections are frayed and fragmented, leaving them floundering in this complicated dramedy.
Unfortunately, this dull and listless movie fails to live up to expectations and will be competing for Razzies rather than Academy Awards as one of the worst movies of the year.
Over and over How Do You Know kept shooting itself in the foot, butchering my interest and demolishing my emotional investment to the point I almost wondered why I was still sitting in the theatre watching it.
We now know 'Spanglish' wasn't a fluke. Writer/director Brooks' artistic decline continues with How Do You Know
Brooks' latest grown-up comedy -- as glossy as it appears, as gracefully as it unfolds, as charming as its impressive, all-star cast often is -- arrives as a mild misfire.
Often as likable as a frolicking puppy -- and always as messy.
I still like James L. Brooks movies. He lost most people after Spanglish so they probably won't like How Do You Know either, but I appreciate a romantic comedy where people talk about what's actually going on.
Brooks was more interested in psychobabble mantras, as whole conversations in the movie are made up of such nonsense, to the point where the characters are simply robots who spout therapeutic gibberish.
Slow when it should be snappy and fragmented and unfocused when it should be crystal clear. (Parental Review also Available)
...a good, though not great, romantic comedy that entertains because of its stars. The story is a pedestrian boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl yarn but the actors make it better.
Brooks has given us the rare contemporary rom-com that's by turns (if intermittently) thoughtful and funny, and that doesn't feel focus-grouped, cynical, misogynist, or mean. It seems ungenerous not to cut such a generous movie a break.
Despite James L. Brooks' sterling track record and a strong cast, this flat, fumbling film is dud on arrival.
How do you know if a romantic comedy isn't working? Generally if it's neither especially romantic, nor particularly comic. And in this picture, no matter how many times he keeps coming up to bat, Brooks keeps striking out.
How Do You Know isn't Brooks' best. Witherspoon is too uneasy in her role. But thanks to Rudd, plus Kathryn Hahn as... George's loyal secretary and Nicholson as his father, it delivers a number of delights.
Have you heard of "a comedy of manners?" Well, the two-hour waste of talent How Do You Know is a comedy of over-cooked mannerisms.
The payoff for sitting through How Do You Know is as predictable as it gets.
It's been six years since the last James Brooks comedy, so we might have expected a little rust. But not this weathered thing -- How Do You Know is so oxidized it's stuck.
A thoroughly enjoyable and surprisingly lightweight romantic comedy from writer-director James L. Brooks.
Clever lines and a fine performance by Owen Wilson aren't enough to redeem this flat and oddly unnerving comedy.
Witherspoon, whose movie characters often exhibit a whim of iron even though they have a Barbie twinkle, is well cast.
Complex romcom is sweet, if not a home run.
Witherspoon... does the best she can with her unforgiving role... but no one could get us honestly past the notion that we're meant to take all these characters as delightfully oddball when they are quite clearly pathological.
Brooks never supplies a definitive answer to the open-ended title, but I think most everybody would agree you just know when it's right. And in the case of How Do You Know, when it's not.
...intermittently enjoyable, but like its characters too neurotic and uptight to get out of its own way.
Overall, "How Do You Know" is a cozy diversion, an upscale date-night movie.
If anyone could have saved the stagnant cinematic genre, it would be Brooks. Sadly, How Do You Know is as creatively confused as its title.
...a watchable yet disappointing work from a filmmaker whose best days are clearly behind him.
How Do You Know is a well-written romantic comedy that stays away from formulas and cliches. I loved James L. Brooks' use of the close-up shot to show raw emotion.
Feels like three bad movies instead of one good one. Not as bad as SPANGLISH, but stil...
"How Do You Know" is a bit slow to get started, and it's nowhere near as funny as "The Hangover." But it'll make you smile.
Sometimes it's more jock than jocular. Occasionally, the camera lens lingers on Owen Wilson's crooked schnoz or Reese Witherspoon's prudish grimaces a bit too long. But it's is never too cute, except in omitting the question mark from its title.
Brooks is a distinctive writer who has a biting wit and a feel for the very human quality of ambivalence.
How Do You Know is not up there in Broadcast News's immortal empyrean, but it's close to the mismatched-trio comedy of As Good as It Gets.
The product of an out-of-touch filmmaker that never really gets to second base.
...every clear-eyed observation of how adult humans court affection must be pulped and sugared, refined into treacle.
It's the kind of movie that succeeds as a culmination of moments that ring true and sweet.
[A] film of sentimental perceptivity delivered by some of the most amiable and charismatic actors working today. Sad then that it is not a great film thanks to a series of critical miscalculations by its acclaimed writer/director.
It's glossy and entirely forgettable, but the friendly, funny cast makes it worth seeing.
In a tour de force of unassuming verbal and physical comedy, Paul Rudd has given us the big screen's first answer to Arrested Development's Michael Bluth.
...the film is directed in a way that seems a trifle theatrical, or even sitcom-ish...
How do you know you're watching How Do You Know? When you start dreaming of crossword puzzles and Diane Keaton.
It is at times capable of achieving the same Brooksian magic of Broadcast News or As Good As It Gets, and at others feels like Brooks is lamely impersonating his previous work
You may be able to ignore [its]flaws yet as the cinematic equivalent of an ice cream sundae with far too many ingredients, you may end up feeling a bit queasy afterwards.
Not prime Brooks, but good enough.
Is "How Do You Know" schmaltzy and manipulative and not entirely convincing as a portrait drawn from real life? Sure -- and it's also richly, goofily funny, loaded with terrific actors and delicious moments...
"How Do You Know," his latest, is a near miss. A film that is completely in love with the sound of its human voices, this is a rather slim romantic comedy featuring a love triangle involving hugely appealing Reese Witherspoon in an odd role.
Foregoing substantial character development for a lot of back-and-forth squabbling between people who can't make up their minds, the film is often frustrating in its dumbed-down repetitiveness.
The problem is that for most of the running time, How Do You Know meanders and has a hard time finding the right tone, lurching forward from one scene to the next.
What's truly perplexing about the failures of How Do You Know is that the film was written and directed by James L. Brooks, a master of the rom-com genre.
A dour sort-of romantic drama with an A-list cast, a few comic moments and the disjointed sense of talented filmmakers flapping their arms in an effort to make it fly.
Gradually, you're reminded why Brooks gave us so much good television over the years, in addition to his better movies, chief among them "Broadcast News."
An airless, sometimes distressingly mirthless comedy.
Brooks can rightly lay claim to a dizzying film and TV résumé, but an effort like this should be advertised as being "from the man who brought you 'Spanglish.'"
It does some of what it sets out to accomplish and most viewers will depart the theater with at least the beginnings of a warm, fuzzy feeling. These days, it's hard to ask for much more.
A film by the painstaking James L. Brooks that is so eager to ask the question about true love, it doesn't have time to mess with boring punctuation.
How do you know a movie is a total loss? When you watch it with a heavy heart, and sit through it like a stone.
Though all the pieces are in place for an amusing romance, "How Do You Know" (the title refers to knowing when you're in love) doesn't work out as it should.
Pure sitcom fluff, a silly story about a romantic triangle [in which] wit, charm, style and comic timing are all absent.
It is not funny; it is not heartwarming. It has all the zesty champagne fizz of Pepto-Bismol.
Sitting in the theater, my affection was definitely on-again, off-again at best. But in the end, the good times, which were fantastic, won me over.
This is most certainly not as good as it gets.
Agreeable but disappointingly bland...
I like a movie that is, like its leads, endearingly messy and subverts our genre expectations. Brooks colors outside the lines.
There's a lot of talk in How Do You Know, but not much worth saying.
It is a keenly observed movie about loss of identity and finding love, in which Brooks serves up funny-ouch humor with slapstick heartbreak.
James L. Brooks wrote and directed "How Do You Know,'' and in addition to forgetting a question mark, he's also misplaced his point.
Paul Rudd is an American treasure - America's Male Sweetheart - and he carries the film effortlessly
The result is highly entertaining but hardly ranks with the director's best work.
How do you know when to cut your losses and go see something else?
Preposterous characters lurching through painfully contrived scenarios.
An object lesson in how not to use likable stars.
A more than passable night out if you're fed up with the usual rom-com conventions.
Reese Witherspoon and Paul Rudd give winning performances in an otherwise vapid, expensive romantic comedy that just tries too hard.
we don't care about the things they are worrying about...we are lost in the intricacies of Rudd's relationship with his corrupt p---- of a father (Nicholson)...a career disaster for Reese Witherspoon, who needs a flop like a hole in the head.
It feels less like a coherent narrative than a series of vignettes in which the characters say improbably witty things and act in ways that aren't tethered to rational behavior. We sense them performing for the camera.
A sometimes-amusing moron.
The movie is all surface and trades on fortune-cookie wisdom and sitcom scenarios.
I expected this movie to be better.
There are a couple of scenes of pure, sentimental genius, as well as appealingly boggled turns by Rudd and Wilson.
How do you know when a film is horrible? When it's How Do You Know, it's pretty obvious.
The ''funny'' moments are whiffed, the dialogue is ''scene-y,'' and each reaction shot is held a second or ten too long, leaving the actors hanging.
Misguided, frighteningly comatose tale of love and neuroses; a maze of bad ideas that Brooks robotically assembles. He's surviving this picture, not directing it.
How Do You Know gets by on witty and realistic dialogue even when its story is sloppy.
Terrific performances by the entire cast, especially Rudd and Wilson, make this romcom very entertaining, even though it's a bit too long
How Do You Know takes the wholly possible scenario of two decent men courting one woman and turns it into a forced lark that can't bring itself to ask if she's worth it.
A low-impact romantic comedy-drama from James L. Brooks in which the central characters are strangely disconnected from one another as well as from the audience.
How do you know when the spark is gone? When your latest romantic comedy looks like TV, feels like greeting-card poetry and sounds like a self-help manual.
How Do You Know is a terrible title for a not-much-better movie, missing a question mark and most of the point with romantic comedies. James L. Brooks' film is rarely romantic and barely amusing, dashing any hope that Spanglish was just a fluke.
Another romantic comedy triangle from James L. Brooks, with a scandalized executive coming between paired athletes--but neither the dialogue nor plot supply an answer (or a question mark) to the title.
Six years in the making and this is As Good As It Gets?
How Do You Know forges a difficult exploration of its characters' weaknesses and uncertainties. But its deepening drama becomes wishy-washy.
Though daling with a relevant issue, James L. Brooks' new serio comedy suffers from uneven writing, tentative approach to narrative and characters, hesitancy about specific ending, and slow pacing.
Considering how many great films have been influenced by Brooks' earlier work, it's hard to believe how badly this movie fails.
Scenes take twice as long as they should, but we do learn how 'triangulated' people make romantic choices.
Before it wraps up that question like the obedient Hollywood love story it eventually has to be, How Do You Know takes an unexpectedly candid detour through how incredibly hard just following that directive has become.
Witherspoon's charm...has been replaced with tentativeness, confusion and the exaggerated facial expressions of a sitcom comedienne.
Brooks' script is more hit than miss, but it is hit-and-miss nonetheless. Probably too studied in its approach to grab a mass audience.
The sad part is that How Do You Know is nowhere near as dumb as it looks. A couple of comic set pieces are inspired -- or would be, if Brooks's timing weren't off.



@highlight

How Do You Know boasts a quartet of likeable leads -- and they deserve better than this glib, overlong misfire from writer/director James L. Brooks.