Bar-Lev's cameras prowl the streets of State College, Penn. to not only expose the details of the crimes, but uncover a hero-worshiping, sometimes ferociously self-justifying, culture.
... manages to craft a mostly even-handed examination of hero worship, football fanaticism and the power of conviction in the court of public opinion.
Happy Valley ... is less interested in assigning blame than using the scandal as a template to explore mob mentality and the perils of idol worship.
It's not a groundbreaking thesis, but we still get a fascinating tour of a town that may never be the same again.
It's an essential documenting of where we are, and it leaves you with a lot of necessary, troubling feelings.
Bar-Lev lets his subjects off easy, but that's partly because they do so much damage to themselves.
The film could've benefited from another 15 or 20 minutes of detail and nuance. What's there, though, is strong, thoughtful and disturbing.
Though fascinating, the movie's more of a well-organized mess than a thorough examination.
Harrowing, and deeply fair.
Happy Valley is not a work of reportage so much as it's a portrait of a community suffering from mass dementia. This is the scariest zombie movie I've seen in ages.
As an account of the events that shook Penn State to its core in 2011, Happy Valley is complete and very level-headed - but not especially revelatory.
Here it is, folks, in your face. Will you look or return to your own private Happy Valley?
[A] thorough, thoughtful and disturbing documentary ...
The documentary offers a compelling overview of the case, but Bar-Lev spends too much time painting Paterno as a victim and scapegoat. That advocacy doesn't sit well.
Less an investigation into or comprehensive summary of the Penn State sex-abuse scandal than a look at the feelings it elicited, Amir Bar-Lev's Happy Valley is more concerned with the phenomenon of team spirit than any single question of fact.
Filmed a year after the revelations, 'Happy Valley' isn't a you-are-there account; it's one that tries to locate sober conclusions after the dust has settled.
What could "Happy Valley" conclude, ultimately? Any summation might have seemed glib or sanctimonious. We're left instead with troubling questions that might not ever yield satisfying answers.
You may cringe. You may sympathize. You may cringe at your own sympathy.
In what could be the biggest miscarriage of justice yet, Bar-Lev has disgracefully played right into the hands of people he once exposed as the enemies, burying the lede to a sickening degree.
It has no new information to offer regarding the case, and doesn't even do a terribly coherent job of organizing the details for the benefit of some hypothetical ignorant viewer.
It's one of the year's most provocative films, precisely because it undercuts every expectation the viewer might have going into it.
"Happy Valley" does not try to lead you to any firm conclusion about who or what is to blame for what went wrong in the football-crazed farmland of central Pennsylvania, and viewers with different perspectives will understand it in different ways.
The troubling tale is well told, unpacked with a clarity and a minimum of ominous mood music.
"Happy Valley," even as it revisits past events, has a chilling timeliness.
"Happy Valley" will divide audiences and create heated discussions over the many contradicting reactions given by its subjects. However, there's one point that won't be controversial: It's one of the best documentaries of the year.
Once the media caravan departs, the doc meanders, torn between its obligation to reportage and its interest in a town riven by America's thirst for justice.
"Happy Valley" is a devastating portrait of a community-and, by extension, a nation-put under a spell, even reduced to grateful infantilism, by the game of football.
...leaves you with a creeping sense of unease about what one interviewee calls the "security blanket" of Happy Valley.
Happy Valley ... [lays] bare the broken heart of a community that believed that everything was perfect in a world that never is.
Comprehensive, convincing overview that shows "not all Penn Staters" are cretinous moral monsters- but a few of them certainly are.
Those familiar with the story will find nothing new for large stretches of Happy Valley, and as presented some of the confusions unleashed by the scandal lack the context necessary to extract their significance.
Knowing little about the case's specifics, I found much to admire about this film, even if much of it was stomach-churning.
Bar-Lev is a good filmmaker and on all technical levels, Happy Valley has polish and momentum.
Amir Bar-Lev offers a typically gripping and thoughtful take on the Penn State scandal.
Bar Lev's scenes of crowd melees are frightening, but his film contains intimate poignant testimony that is equally troubling.

@highlight

Sober, even-handed, and quietly devastating, Happy Valley illuminates the wreckage of a tragedy while leaving viewers room to draw their own conclusions.