In the end, Jean Boenish is the real hero of Sunshine Superman.
The unabashed freedom and high spirits of the film are almost overshadowed by the brutally sobering ending.
Sunshine Superman is a touch long, and at times pedestrian but it's still a moving, thrilling story.
Ever watched an extreme sports enthusiast leap off a mountain to his death? No? Then you haven't seen this bittersweet biopic about a compulsive base jumper with a death wish.
This documentary about Carl Boenish, founder of modern BASE jumping is a captivating portrait of a man unlike any other. Not just an adrenaline junkie, but a superb cinematographer, technical wizard, philosopher, filmmaker and promoter of his sport.
This is still a wonderful portrait of a man who chose to embrace life to its fullest whilst biting his thumb at gravity.
Heart-stopping cliff-jumping doc.
It's a routine documentary about a fascinating man, albeit one with a great classic rock soundtrack.
It will dropkick you right in the vertigo.
You may find "Sunshine Superman" exhilarating or you may find "Sunshine Superman" terrifying, but you almost surely will not find it boring.
First-time filmmaker Marah Strauch skillfully interweaves the Boenish story -- full of copious vintage footage shot by Carl -- with dramatizations and interviews.
[Boenish] convinced plenty of jumpers to strap cameras to their heads, which resulted in some spectacular footage.
You might walk away from the film saying not 'That was cool' or 'That was sad,' but: 'That soundtrack was really fantastic.'
Sunshine Superman is at times a bit too reverent with the material, and there are distracting reenactments (à la The Jinx and Man on Wire), some of which seem extraneous, but overall, the film is a sun-kissed tribute to a singular individual.
Engrossing, tension-filled and utterly fascinating.
While the doc takes a conventional and even pedestrian approach -- with multiple talking-head interviews and some re-enactments with actors -- there is also plenty of spectacular archival footage showing jumps dating back to the 1960s.
[A] spectacular and affecting portrait.
Daring, Thrilling, Surprising - a well told true story
The two sides of the documentary more often exist alongside each other, rather than supporting them. Still, especially for people who aren't going to be throwing out chutes any time soon, it's a thrilling ride.
Boenish's enthusiasm and life-force energize Sunshine Superman whenever he's an onscreen presence; his absence proves to be a much harder thing to turn into compelling cinema.
Long before there were GoPros, there was Boenish, a camera mounted on his helmet, jumping from Yosemite's El Capitan or L.A. skyscrapers under construction.
A generally splendid documentary by Marah Strauch about people throwing themselves off cliffs. Literally.
Boenish's wife, Jean, who trained to jump with him, is interviewed extensively, and, although Strauch doesn't provide much backstory for her, she emerges as that rarity -- a perfect matchup to a seemingly unmatchable man.
Expectations for a significant understanding of Carl's inner drive are never met, leaving "Sunshine Superman" more of a commercial for BASE jumping than a study of its slippery founder.
A documentary about the founding father of base jumping makes extensive use of archival footage.
Sunshine Superman, named for the Donovan song, is about more than just Boenish. It's about the power of the image, something that Strauch uses to great effect.
The result is as much the portrait of a marriage as it is history of a sport and its founder, and if it occasionally feels repetitive or murky, its moments of magnificence remain undimmed.
The action shots are intoxicating, as close as most of us will get to feeling the jumpers' euphoria.
The real-life stunts are eminently suspenseful and exhilarating, and adrenaline junkies will be well pleased. For the uninitiated, however, Strauch's adoring treatment of the Boenishes may be a little hard to stomach.
[A] gripping documentary.
"Sunshine Superman" might seem like a niche story, with its focus on stunts that most people wouldn't dream of actually doing, but the documentary feels universal. It's simply an examination of how one man fully embraced life while charting his own path.
Strauch makes a compelling case for the exhilaration of living, and dying, on your own terms, a freedom so few of us ever truly experience.
First-time filmmaker Marah Strauch spent years crafting something of a perfect eulogy to Carl Boenish -- and her dedication to investigating his outsized life is palpable.
It's not a criticism to say this bittersweet documentary falls off a cliff.
The subject matter increasingly suggests a kind of cross between "Man On Wire" and "Grizzly Man," but unlike "Grizzly Man" director Werner Herzog, director Strauch has little interrogative spirit. There's no interest in exploring Boenish's contradictions.
...the existential angle of Boenish's story (as well as the unbeatable footage) elevates Sunshine Superman to a greater height.
simply spectacular
A bittersweet documentary about Carl Boenish, who looked at very tall things and saw an opportunity to leap.
Director Marah Strauch gives the film an exhilarating uplift of its own.
The film, like its subject and everyone who talks about him, is frustratingly short on analysis or insight.
At least [director Marah] Boenish is partially allergic to talking heads. There's usually something interesting on-screen.
Gorgeous, thrilling bio-doc about the godfather of BASE jumping that's energized by its subject's personal peak-leaping movie footage.
The subjects themselves may soar, but the film that contains them remains frustratingly earthbound.
The exhilarating documentary "Sunshine Superman," which melds gorgeous aerial photography of Boenish's jumps with sublime musical cues, finds in Boenish a kind of poet-adventurer, equal parts pixie and desperado.
An informative, if not engrossing, history of a sport.
The portrait of BASE jumping founding father Carl Boenish, effectively captures the irrepressible energy of a man who never tired of taking flying leaps.
You may not leave Sunshine Superman wanting to emulate Carl and Jean, but you will feel like you've vicariously bonded with them.
An unflinching history of BASE jumping that is more funereal than fun
The film's images, so continually heartrending so as to never become redundant, effectively function as visual proselytizing.
A pretty straightforward account of Boenish's life and tragic death, but man... all those skydiving, cliff-jumping and parachuting shots are really something to behold.
If Sunshine Superman doesn't exactly inspire comprehension of the desire to feel like you're "flashing through a 20-story building in one second," it is immersive enough to induce panic.
As a movie about a guy who lived life the way he wanted, it will win certainly fans. It should win some for its execution as well.
Sunshine Superman captures both the awe and terror of the sport [Boenish] loved until the day it brought about his death.
An irrepressible pioneer of BASE jumping contributes greatly to his own encomium in Sunshine Superman, Marah Strauch's very fine look at the legacy of Carl Boenish.
While many will question Boenish's sanity, Strauch's documentary effectively pays homage to the eccentric, risk-taking adrenaline junkie and aerial cinematographer [Carl Boenish].
An exhilarating flashback to the life and times of BASE jumping's daredevil popularizer.
An agreeable documentary...

@highlight

Sunshine Superman shines a light on a fascinating life with copious amounts of incredible, thrilling footage.