It's a deeply honest and comic performance and seems filled with all the genuine humiliations that one imagines Cage himself has suffered in the past 10 years.
Yet another retread of Cage's weak formula of a gloomy man examining his life.
The Weather Man is more of a parable than a story; it just goes on and on and on, and the only point is to endure. It's not very uplifting, but sometimes it's funny, sometimes it's sad; sometimes hopeful, and sometimes melancholy. But that's life.
Intended as director Gore Verbinski's palate cleanser before back-to-back "Pirates of the Caribbean" sequels, this is an apprehensive cringe comedy of male malaise. It's also Verbinski's best to date, a small-scale challenge he should attempt more often.
If you've never heard of a "living funeral," this film is an icy introduction.
A look at the commonest fear nipping at the heart of Middle America. Not the war in Iraq, nor terrorism, but the breakdown of the family unit and how - and if - people can cope with it.
Narrated by Nic Cage in a zombie-like monotone, this flick is not only gross and morose, but relentlessly depressing.
One can imagine this film as a nasty, edgy, biting little indie. But all dressed up in slick Hollywood finery, it has nowhere to go.
It may look bleak, but there's still some beauty.
A bleak, messy midlife crisis drama as unsure of itself as a weather forecast.
Dave Spritz is a shallow creation, one that even an actor of Cage's talents cannot bring to three dimensional life. The problem gets worse: we wouldn't much care for him even if he were real.
Cage is superb in the lead, brilliantly conveying David's confusion with some well chosen blankly bewildered looks.
It may be rather mopey and languid, but this intensely introspective comedy has the ability to get under our skin.
Few movie characters of late have been so expertly crafted as Dave Spritz.
Há filmes que são assim; funcionam justamente porque te mandam para fora do cinema em um estado de profunda reflexão.
An engrossing character study of the oppressive kind.
As much fun as standing outside in a blizzard for two hours without a coat.
A ballsy, full-out original studio film with independent spirit.
Cage and Caine are accomplished actors, enjoyable to watch in almost everything, except this drivel.
My reaction was that this was a bit silly, bordering on stupid, and much to my chagrin, it became a theme throughout the rest of the movie.
...dark clouds, a frigid plot and a downpour of miserable jokes. My advice is to stay home.
In the face of a character no one cares about, can audiences be faulted for asking: Why should we?
There is, after the cloud cover burns off, a tantalizing sense of vitality and life.
David remains too successful to be relatable yet not 'important' enough to be interesting.
It's the kind of minor-key character-driven picture you wish Hollywood made more often. You'll also wish it was better.
Free-floating depression and the mocking of a twelve-year old for comedic relief.
A richly rewarding work that ought to be getting a fairer shake than it has.
Though difficult to classify, "The Weather Man" provides enough emotional payback to make it worth checking out.
Does a movie need a plot to move it along? Not necessarily. Look at "Lost in Translation," for example. And "The Weather Man."
The most supremely odd American film of the year.
[Verbinski] and Steven Conrad hold their ground, sticking to their conviction that Dave's story should play as a belated-coming-of-age movie.
A beautiful, cynical, and odd film about the pursuit of the American dream. Verbinski proves his chops as versatile director with this effort.
It's a strange film.
Where is it written that offbeat movies don't belong outside of art house theaters or Netflix rental queues? Pass this one up and it'll be you with egg McMuffin on your face.
...few movies plant us so squarely inside a main character's head.
About as nutritious as your typical fast-food fare.
A meticulously developed character piece.
Toward the end of the film Spritzel remarks on his son's deeds by calling them 'an American accomplishment.' At once superficial and yet meaningful, the phrase encapsulates the paradox of our -- and this film's -- dreams and ambitions.
Basset-Hound Nic Cage is cast perfectly as a weather man who makes big bucks but is miserable.
[The Weather Man] is wry and entertaining with good performances, good looks and solid direction.
Not since 'Leaving Las Vegas' has a movie put me in such a deep funk.
It's an arsenic-laced macchiatto tossed at the American Dream, a biting, existential spoof of modern life and our preconceptions regarding success and personal bliss.
No, Steve Conrad's dazzling script is something else entirely. It's life, and not just any life, but that of an ordinary man looking through the prisms of his apprehensions and asking, 'Is this really all I am?'
Destined to hang around in your consciousness once you see it.
If movies have taught us anything, it's that every American man will one day undergo a wrenching spiritual and emotional crisis as they advance into middle age
... makes you have to work at wanting to watch it... a step in the wrong direction for Verbinski...
Ultimately the main character's journey seems small and somewhat unconvincing. Verbinski and screenwriter Steven Conrad don't need to give us a spoonful of sugar to help the medicine go down, but it'd be nice if the tonic was actually of some benefit.
Succeeds where so few Hollywood movies even venture - it builds a believable life, adds just enough nervous laughter to relieve the realistic tension, and constantly escapes the dumbed-down expectations beaten into us by lesser films.
Like its hopelessly befuddled title character, this movie can't quite decide what it wants to be when it grows up.
This movie took me by surprise - both the edginess of the comedy and the warmth of the characters. It's not at all what I was expecting, and so much better than I hoped.
Dave's self-involvement is so extreme that he can't see that the bluntly human weaknesses of the people around him aren't his fault. We both pity him and want to shake him; eventually, though, we just become bored by him.
This is one glum outing, with occasional pings of wry wit and hearty chuckles.
Like the chilly winds that blow throughout it, The Weather Man is cold, grim, erratic and eventually just relentless.
Caine and Cage share a carefully calibrated rapport in which the tone of what's said and the silences surrounding what isn't speak volumes.
It's all believable enough, but it never sings.
Cage is always most enjoyable when he's digging into deeper, more personal territory and he's in fine form as David Spritz.
The film has a lot of rough edges. But it works as an intriguingly offbeat character study while offering Nicolas Cage a chance to show why he used to be considered one of the top actors of his generation.
The main thing he seems to worry about, as he sits, despondent, in his luxury loft, is that he makes a lot of money for doing very little -- a problem everyone would like to have.
The resulting tale of a frustrated under-achiever isn't an out-and-out disaster; just a disappointment.
A washout.
The movie also makes a glib connection between Spritz'a weightless celebrity and his failings as a husband and father, and further asserts that this is all somehow 'American.'
An engaging meditation on a man cursed with that midlife self-awareness.
A sour, deflating and ultimately unlikable black comedy about how awful life can be.
The movie doesn't have the courage of its own bleak convictions.
A vague hint at spiritual rebirth in the closing seconds does nothing to wash away the acid taste of this character, and he's all there is to the movie.
It's a good thing we have movies like "The Weather Man," just in case we get too happy.
Destined to hang on for a couple of weekends at the multiplex and live on forever as a cult favorite.
Nicolas Cage is excellent, again, as a fractured man suffering the slings and arrows.
What The Weather Man needed was a change in its weather -- a certain kind of humor, to be precise, something like the deadpan but human satire of Alexander Payne's About Schmidt.
I see no reason, apart from chronic yuppie passive-aggression, why Dave shouldn't get over himself and wipe that giant 'L' off his forehead.
Framing a movie about an Everyman in such an odd way (Dave's salary is even bigger by the film's end) is only one of several strange calculations made by director Gore Verbinski.
As played by Cage, David is such a hapless nebbish that he's actually much more unlikable and unsympathetic than he should be.
Another Nicolas Cage film where the star mopes through the proceedings as if he's suffering from a bad head cold.
They make us care about his anxieties and make us smile with the recognition that marriage or fatherhood really could turn out this way.
We get a vague movie that a few successful but chronically dissatisfied men will be able to call their own. The rest of us will see the film for what it is: a long, cold mumble from the heart.
The Weather Man is a rare film where effective filmmaking goes hand in hand with convoluted writing.
A strange and brave film for its star, director and studio.
Supported by the thespian charms of Sir Michael Caine and the visionary direction of Gore Verbinski, Cage and crew deliver a soulful snippet of self-discovery.
Audiences who can stomach Cage's lingering malaise might appreciate an eccentric drama with a subtle command of dark humor
An artful balancing act of the discordant, with all sorts of telling details and an accumulated sense of purpose, thought and conviction...
A rueful meditation on the hollowness of success... shoots for dark, edgy humor but frequently undermines itself by throwing in sitcom-style hijinks...
Watching The Weather Man is like sitting and listening to a not especially good friend whine about how hard his life has been.
Forecast: Favorable.
The film's ultimate point has to do with the title character's epiphany, and it's a funny, tortuous path that takes us there.
A quirky, hilarious, and inventive character piece
...though the movie's not always entirely successful, it's somewhat refreshing to see a big Hollywood production adopt a thoroughly independent sensibility.
It's a downer, sure, but it'll have you smiling all the way to the bottom.
Cage is fantastic as the slightly off kilter, slightly phony personality struggling to find inner peace.
The Weather Man is, by and large, a character study but works its way into becoming a sly dissection on television.
A blackly comic indictment of most aspects of our modern American middle class lives.
Disingenuously conveys the fickleness of day-to-day existence via a monsoon of profane, contrived moroseness.
No comedy...This is a sensitive, sometimes upsetting, but rewarding film.
It starts out depressing and ends up VERY depressing.
Cage hasn't been this conflicted and impressive in some time
I'm pretty sure it doesn't get more depressing than this.
Cage hasn't been this good in years...Funny, sad and endearing, The Weather Man is a terrific commercial movie that has both style and substance.
The Doppler-savvy The Weather Man may know which way the wind blows but just doesn't have the common sense to caulk the windows to keep the cold winds at bay.
What makes this so emotionally compelling is the way Dave scrambles from this deep vale of cluelessness to something approaching moral maturity.
It's a sincere, well-put-together movie about the modern human condition. Hopefully, this will be enough to attract curiosity. After all, it's nice to get into someone else's head for a while, even if the head is being used for target practice.
The film has the insistent persona of an ambitious college student who desperately expects an A but must settle for a lesser letter. Nevertheless, a fine cast guarantees good moments.
The Weather Man has the chance to be this year's Sideways. If, that is, it's marketed right.
The Weather Man is a fine movie, beautifully acted, but it isn't easy to love -- or to watch.
This fainthearted bid at social satire stars Nicolas Cage as a middle-aged man gazing into the yawning void of his life.
Superbly mixes darkness with effortless comedy without ever becoming overly depressing or silly.
The man who has everything actually has nothing, and Dave's efforts to filter out his life for something solid and tangible make for an endearing and funny trip.
Unlike the arrows Dave uses for his archery hobby, the movie never quite hits whatever target it's aiming for.
A scathing, often right-on look at the follies of contemporary culture.
A gloomy, self-serious picture.
I'll save you a couple of hours and tell you its message: Life can be a bummer. Deal with it.
This film has moments of uncommon observation and touching insight.
It's disconcerting that he continues to be self-centered and superficial while the point of view of the movie seems to be that he has had some kind of breakthrough.
Cage has no peer when it comes to bringing out the emotional nuances in morose characters and making them funny -- and touching.
Cage applies his lifetime reservoir of droll anxiety and twitchy pain, deepening the role far beyond the written page.
David is pathetic, something that fans of Cage's macho adventures might have trouble accepting. But he's intriguingly pathetic, a state that raises some interesting issues.
An enormous waste of time.
In a radical departure from the Hollywood norm, the movie doesn't set out to redeem him. If anything, it's a movie about Spritz coming to embrace his own mediocrity.
An interestingly offbeat black comedy...The Weather Man is quite edgy for a big-studio release in 2005.
If you're in the mood for a comedy in which the bitter definitely exceeds the sweet, you'll find a good deal to admire and enjoy here.
Over-writing at its most obvious and patronizing.
Inhabited by a courageously schlumpy Nicolas Cage, this strange and audacious character study becomes even more of a gleefully misanthropic blast.
The Weather Man is what indie misery looks like when re-created by one of Hollywood's big studios.
The Weather Man will most likely suffer the fate of the weather itself: it will come and go, then be forgotten.
A quirky but deeply spiritual movie about an awkward and unhappy man whose journey to self-acceptance is riddled with obstacles of his own making.
The metaphor is a low pressure zone of poor and overstrained choices. the weather pattern battered by winds of exaggeration.
This may be a great film for people out of touch with how their negative behaviors effect those they love.
One of the biggest downers to emerge from a major studio in recent memory.
The movie blows all over the place, too, as its meandering plotlines do flesh out this portrait of a success who believes himself a failure, but never expands any further.
... small-scale, character-driven, and textured in a way that I found quite involving.









@highlight

With fine performances and a dark, dry sense of humor, The Weather Man is mostly cloudy with occasional rays of sunshine.