The Better Angels makes for a sublime, transfixing, and informative look at the early life of Abraham Lincoln.
Visually, Angels is a true work of art. Each and every frame of Matthew J. Lloyd's black-and-white cinematography is suitable for framing.
Kudos to this young director for making quite a good film -- even if the guiding hand of Malick is present in every shot.
A dreamlike reverie as well as a uniquely American origin story...
Lovely and poetic, if entirely too sketchy and Terrence Malick-like for its own good
Contemplative but pretentious drama about Lincoln's boyhood.
... frustrating and emotionally aloof, with a whirling camera and glacial pace that offer more tedium than insight.
This biopic about the very young Abraham Lincoln is cinema as visual poetry.
A well-researched film with an intriguing premise, Better Angels is gorgeous, but not enlightening or affecting.
It's a beautiful picture, even when it's frustratingly inert and incapable of connecting with its audience.
It feels more like a poem. Or, at times, a symphony. But it's much less effective as an actual movie.
"God tells truths in parables," someone says - a line that Edwards most likely aspires to take possession of, as if his poetic, pictorial parable had its own truths to tell.
Intellectually challenging black-and-white film about Abraham Lincoln as a young boy. For those of you still reading after that sentence, yes, there's a great deal to appreciate about "The Better Angels," not the least of which is the lack of color.
The narrative is gentle and sparse. The beautifully photographed imagery, shot in elegant, deep-focus black-and-white, is exceptional. The music is richly classical.
A gorgeous look at the raw, wooded Indiana of the early 1800s and a dreamy study of the boy Lincoln who was destined to leave it behind.
The effect becomes repetitive, and that ultimately emphasizes the rather slight nature of the story here.
History, as subject matter, is hard enough to sell as cinema. The Better Angels will not make the struggle any easier.
Had Terrence Malick taken a shot at making a Ken Burns movie, it would probably have turned out better than "The Better Angels," A.J. Edwards's humorless, pretentious black-and-white tone poem about a very young Abe Lincoln.
Narrators tell us what to feel, but there's something hollow at the center. The tone of the picture seems perversely oblique.
Just as those around Lincoln grow frustrated by his obscurity, so may audiences watching "The Better Angels."
Like a student film by someone who's never seen a movie by anyone other than Terrence Malick.
It's beautiful, even moving, but comes across as more invested in imitating Terrence Malick than it is in truly illuminating the formative years of a great man.
"The Better Angels" borders deeply on self-serious parody, virtually utilizing a checklist of every stylistic trope Edwards' cinematic maharishi Terrence Malick uses, employing them all without a trace of ironic self-awareness.
Shot in gorgeous, breathtaking black and white and edited in a documentary-like style, The Better Angels has a timeless sensibility to it.
On paper, this lyrical, black-and-white rendering of Lincoln's backwoods boyhood may seem pompous, but it is beautiful, poetic and graceful, with its own flowing rhythm.
Whereas other directors have presented the man in mythic terms, "The Better Angels" renders young Abe relatable, provided auds are willing to put themselves on the film's wavelength.
"The Better Angels," as pictorially beautiful and emotionally evocative as it is, is so bereft of conventional narrative momentum that you have to consider it a miracle it got made.
The Better Angels' stubborn inability to teach us much of anything about Lincoln's character... lends a beside-the-point quality to much of its diaphanous beauty.
All that extensively researched authenticity and soul-stirring cinematography go only so far in establishing a compelling connection to a specific time and place.
The sense of predestination hangs heavily over the movie, but not a sense of life.
The Better Angels at times resembles a group of folks puttin' on a show at a restoration village.
Is and isn't a straight-up [Terrence] Malick imitation.
If you succumb to "The Better Angels," the effect is like falling into a gorgeous photograph, but that also means the narrative in this arthouse film is oblique and sketchy.
It comes across as an apprentice work, not unlike the second-rate versions of paintings created by students who would work at the side of Renaissance masters.
...it's hard to think of any other strong debut that leaves the personality of its filmmaker obscured as deeply in the shadows as this.
The Better Angels seems to be less about our President's childhood, and more about paying homage to Malick.
"The Better Angels" is a striking attempt to show us Lincoln's childhood in a fresh way, which is why its miscalculation is all the more disappointing.
With The Better Angels, director A.J. Edwards is more concerned with paying homage to an American visionary (filmmaker Terrence Malick) than exploring one (Abraham Lincoln, the film's subject).
Rendering the life of young Abraham Lincoln as a tone poem, "The Better Angels" sags under the weight of its own resolute earnestness.
Though quiet and slow, the film flows like a brook.
...the heavy specter of [Terrence] Malick (listed in the credits as a producer) looms large over the proceedings.
The overall effect is close to parody, tinged by a frustrating coyness that refuses to identify its protagonist (Braydon Denney) by name for the entire running time.
Kruger and Clarke do their best to look steadfast with a camera swooping around them like a wounded bird, but there's no rescuing this imprecise family portrait from its own impulses toward obscurity.
Those who appreciate Mr. Edwards' appropriation of Mr. Malick's approach will find "The Better Angels" lives up to its aspirations; those with no patience for shots of wind on crops will find the film crashes on the sharp-rocked shore of its pretensions.
A.J. Edwards is a student of Terrence Malick, and he doesn't care who knows it.
Thanks to its indelible image-making and dedication to what could be termed lyrical realism, The Better Angels notably succeeds in creating a vivid impression of the physical and familial circumstances that crucially shaped [Lincoln's] heart and mind.
Even taking into consideration the fact the A.J. Edwards edited To the Wonder, it's hard to recall a film so immensely and reductively in thrall to the work of another director.
Such comparisons to the work of Malick, who himself was a producer on this feature, are ultimately the film's very undoing.
The Better Angels eschews any sort of narrative linearity (and occasionally, coherency) without entirely alienating its audience.

@highlight

Malick-inspired but not as inspired as Malick, The Better Angels muffles an interesting idea under ponderous execution.