As a pure tearjerker, it gets the job done, and the movie's final half hour is a masterclass in weepy conclusions.
A lackluster reboot of chick flick extraordinaire Beaches. I kept waiting for "Wind Beneath My Wings" to start playing. Alas, it never did.
Across the board, the performances are terrific: superbly understated and fabulously real.
As much as I disliked Miss You Already, I have to admit that I was rather taken with Barrymore's performance as Jess.
There is nothing apologetic about the way [Catherine] Hardwicke depicts Milly's vanity and neediness. The Twilight director delivers a realistic portrait of someone who fears losing everything.
Bring your tissues and your bestie along for this raw yet beautiful film -- it's one you shouldn't miss.
Miss You Already is commendably brave in its unsweetened depiction of cancer, and in fact this is probably the most honest depiction of the disease I can remember seeing in a cinema.
Barrymore and Collette bring their 'A' game, while Hardwicke's stewardship is gloriously strong.
You can see it all coming, but it's wonderful.
Miss You Already is a small step up from a TV disease-movie-of-the-week, due purely to the forceful performance of Toni Collette as Millie, a successful PR executive with a hip musician husband and young kids who discovers she has breast cancer.
Milly is no saint, but she grows on you.
By the end, even the hardest of hearts will find it difficult to hold back the tears.
Miss You Already recontextualizes beats of the cancer movie sub-genre into a story about the bulletproof power of female friendship.
A film that doesn't have a perfect story but achieves its goal of showing real life in a moving way without being preachy. [Full review in Spanish]
An intelligent script that mixes drama and comedy in a subtle way, making this a visual and emotional delight. [Full review in Spanish]
It's the gallows humour delivered with warmth by Collette, Drew Barrymore, Dominic Cooper and Paddy Considine that prevents this becoming unbearably maudlin.
Screenwriter Banks redeems herself with a well-judged final act that tugs our heartstrings without feeling like we're being shamelessly manipulated into reaching for another tissue.
It's a proposal about feelings and finds its audience in every person who want to be moved, have a good time, and even reflect a little. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Collette and Barrymore] capture the bond between two women who love each other unconditionally, for better or worse.
A jarringly jolly weeper whose save it from the saccharine.
There's a tough-minded drama struggling to break through the movie's glossy veneer-a contemplation of the black hole of death that, sooner or later, becomes the center of life.
...The movie has the tone of a live-action Cosmopolitan magazine, pushing the viewer to make judgments about people and behaviours, urging you to invest in the drama from an ego point of view first.
[The] script has the excruciating familiarity and predictability of a gal-pal tearjerker we've seen a hundred times already; all that's missing is to have Barrymore burst into a chorus of "Wind Beneath My Wings."
There's a jagged energy and a rawness to it. Miss You Already jerks its tears honestly.
Is this really an honest portrait of a beautiful and intense friendship between women? What's intense about it, or beautiful, or honest?
This heartfelt tribute to female bonding is steered in predictable directions, more eager to jerk tears than explore new ground.
The script from first-time feature writer Morwenna Banks lacks grit and complexity, attributes Hardwicke also disappointingly eschews in playing it safe with trite scenes.
Despite the earnest approach from its two stars (who also serve, with Christopher Smith, as producers), there isn't anything fresh in the story.
It winningly reflects how to utilize quiet understandings and, yes, very loud laughter.
Miss You Already possesses a chemistry that's worthy enough for those in the mood for a downish-note friendship drama, but it's an experience I'll probably never subject myself to again - a strange sign of approval, but approval nonetheless.
A whimsical dramedy that induces the same feeling as eating a cup of Pinkberry or sharing a bottle of chardonnay with a friend and watching E!
In the march to the end, "Miss You Already" grinds its gears through the late stages of cancer, following a predictable and cliche path. Each scene is a yank on the heartstrings, a poke in the tear ducts, its intents and machinations plainly obvious.
If there is any justice, this intelligently done, affecting and wonderfully unapologetic "women's film" should be a sleeper hit.
It's not a terrible movie; just terribly pedestrian, from its montage-laden opening 10 minutes to its telegraphed double-barrelled ending.
Even if the execution and the characters are too flawed for their own good, Miss You Already has some important things to say about the ravages of cancer and the trials of womanhood.
Director Catherine Hardwicke, who is known for making movies about women (yes, even Twilight sort of counts), is unsparingly honest when it comes to depicting human behavior in relationships.
It's a solid film, if not a great one. "Miss You Already" will undoubtedly tug on your heartstrings. It's just a shame the movie couldn't live up to strength of the bonds the characters shared.
Unflinching look at friendship in the face of cancer.
It observes, rather astutely, that there is a power imbalance in a certain kind of friendship where one half plays the ringleader and scene-stealer while the other is the sidekick and enabler.
If you're going to make a movie about best friends, you need to give them more ways to relate to each other than opening their mouths wide and squealing.
Part-"Cake," part-"50/50" and a whole lot of "Beaches" ...
It shows imperfect characters dealing imperfectly with situations ranging from the maritally frustrating to the existentially overwhelming. There are no heroes here, just people trying the best they can.
The film is unafraid of doing two things: showing the effect of Milly's illness and allowing humor to come through in even these difficult times.
The film is a soulless parade of movie conventions and rote acting.
People say there aren't enough films made by women and about women, and that's true. Well this is one, and it's a damn good one.
Drew and Collette make a touching screen team, and Jacqueline Bisset is a welcome antidote to over-sentimentality as Milly's self-absorbed mother.
Everybody in the movie sounds exactly the same -- women, men, adults, children, doctors, bartenders and wig makers all talk like they're the same person.
It ends on a note of fluidity and grace that makes you wish it had been told with fewer frenetic rampages and less forced whimsy.
There are some sitcom beats and moments of smiling-through-tears fakiness, but you never doubt that these women love each other and that the movie's interest in the complexities of that love is justified.
Hardwicke's willingness to get into the vomit, tears, and viscera of Milly's cancer treatments has a boldness and integrity to it. For better or worse, we're on this rollercoaster ride, too.
Barrymore and Collette bring life and charm to a screenplay that needs all the life and charm it can get.
...isn't entirely free of genre cliche, but screenwriter Morwenna Banks has created a protagonist whose vanity and selfishness is exacerbated by her cancer diagnosis, a bold move which gives the film an emotional reality.
A movie about love and loss that doesn't dissolve into soft focus when the hard parts start.
The film belongs to Barrymore and Collette, who generate a palpable BFF chemistry that will defy you not to be choked up by the time the credits roll.
There are moments of uncomfortable reality, as well as moments of heartfelt beauty.
A heartfelt example of the cinematic tradition derivatively referred to as a "weepie," Miss You Already is, by design, about feelings.
[A] Beaches-esque tale of friendship, perseverance and love, mostly in times of duress.
Milly's not always likeable and her narcissistic streak helps Miss You Already get to interesting places. Regrettably, that's derailed by frequent clichés.
Collette's work is so compulsively watchable that "Miss You Already" is worth a watch for that reason alone.
The helmer can't help herself with floppy camerawork and only-in-the-movies moments of flamboyant catharsis, but the picture is the least Hardwicke-ian of her troubling career, and that's a promising development.
"How do you say 'no' to someone with cancer?" Jess wonders, when Milly starts pushing the boundaries. For some, it's just as hard to say no to a movie with cancer. I managed, but many of you will not.
Tonally, Miss You Already is a slapdash mess of achingly sincere moments and tasteless jokes.
There's a lot to recommend this movie. Just be sure and bring your Kleenex with you.
Much more than a 'disease of the week' movie, this is a sharply written, beautifully acted work that edges into the must-see realm.
It's one of Hollywood's many dirty little secrets that Barrymore now only can do one or two things as an actress, and not at the same time.
The tears flow easily, but the movie doesn't really accomplish much else.
Miss You Already has the courage to at least suggest frequently hidden realms of friendship and fear.
A funny-tough film about not just cancer but the messy segue into adulthood and responsibility.
Miss You Already feels like chick lit for the big screen: a frothy, contrived confection with careful doses of sexy, silly and sad. But those sad bits will get you in the end.
I'm obedient. I cried. But it wasn't a good cry.
Toni Collette gives an Oscar-caliber performance in a movie that Oscar voters probably will avoid watching until 2019 when they're stuck home with the flu.
Unflinching yet unburdened, "Miss You Already" is like the best kind of hug: warm, reassuring, cathartic, and a fleeting but vital reminder that there's at least as much good in the world as there is bad.
Miss You Already cuts right to the heart of those who've been directly and indirectly touched by the unforgiving bitch, cancer.
Easily could have fallen into maudlin Lifetime clichés, yet dodges such trappings to present a forthright, emotionally authentic depiction of friendship through the years, in all its complex forms.
There will be lots of tears, lots of sobbing, and plenty of spent Kleenex. Fortunately, Hardwicke, Barrymore, and Collette make the journey getting there worth taking.
Director Catherine Hardwicke (Twilight; Thirteen) strains to pump warmth and humour into the piece; too often moments that reach for realism stumble into mawkishness and emotional histrionics.
Sorry, but I've got something in my eye...
The worse things get for these two women, the closer they ultimately are, giving Miss You Already an authenticity beneath the attitude.
This may be a drama about breast cancer, but it's astutely written and played with a jagged sense of humour that makes it thoroughly entertaining.
It's a flawed but touching tribute to female friendship and the fierce love that can exist between women -- and that's a rare thing on screen.
If you can make it through the stretches where Miss You Alread ygets it wrong -- and it must be said none of these slip-ups constitute any crimes against cinema -- you will be rewarded by what it does right.
If you need another reason to go see it, it's Collette. Glamorous, outrageous and brave, her Milly is full of life and enormously engaging.
Vivid, occasionally funny, but not as funny as it thinks; heartbreaking and gut-wrenching; too self-aware and hipster by half; and true enough when it matters to be disturbing and confronting.
It's a rich, warm and moving chick flick with an upbeat slant ... as it celebrates the special bond girlfriends share
Bring tissues - you'll need them.
It's a disappointing effort from director Catherine Hardwicke given her pedigree.
My hopes were high - a British Beaches! - but whatever promise there was on paper has sadly not translated to the screen.
Authentically female in how it gets inside a lifelong friendship between two women, and as wisely funny as it is sharply poignant.
There's much to admire about this Morwenna Banks-scripted tale of two soulmates facing life-changing events.
This is a weepie so wildly manipulative that it is bound to provoke an allergic reaction in many viewers. If it doesn't bring you out in hives, you may still admire the fearlessness with which the film-makers and their cast wade so deep into the treacle.
Much is predictable, but the good outweighs the bad.
Amid the humour, there's plenty of heart with the relationship between the two leads feeling totally real and the depiction of Milly's illness sensitively handled.
What really sets the film apart, however, is its unusually sincere effort to chart the progress of breast cancer.
Not even the mighty Toni Collette can save this.
No film suffers from a lack of originality alone but there are too many other contrivances here, above all that intense brand of middle-aged, middle-class female buddyship that exists only on screen.
A story that must be applauded for its brutally honest depictions of the treatment required ...
It's better than that sounds. Much better.
Collette is a potent, unsentimental presence and Hardwicke and Banks know how to connect with the audience.
Like a surprising amount of what we're given, it's a win-win.
Manages to surprise and engage the viewer in a way you may not have expected.
Make no mistake, this is a love story as tender, passionate and powerful as any you're likely to see.
Fans of Hardwicke's groundbreaking Thirteen will be disappointed by this cheesy, pandering weepie about two lifelong friends living in England.
This tender, gently funny depiction of female friendship benefits from nicely committed work from [its] lead actresses... but suffers from unconvincing moments and struggles to convert diverse story elements into an especially compelling whole.
Films about female friendship, that pass the Bechtdel test with such flying colors, are all too rare as it is. So it makes it even more of a pity to see this one, with its potential to be a Beaches for the selfie generation, fail to stick the landing.
It has good moments, and it doesn't leave its male characters completely hanging, but the central friendship fails to convince.
The under-imagined characters have the effect of dulling out one's interest in them -- fatal to a story that depends on engendering our emotional involvement to make the tearjerking moments land effectively.
What could have been a charming and funny look at the relationship between two women in their 40s becomes a disease of the week movie.
In [its] overwrought moments, "Miss You Already" forfeits any claims to credibility.
A love story between two childhood friends, Miss You Already overcomes some of its tackier moments with scenes that are genuine and touching.

@highlight

Miss You Already isn't shy about going for filmgoers' tear ducts, but its solid script and talented cast are often powerful enough to make up for its more manipulative moments.