All of the structural, if superficial aspects of the story are in place, but the film fails to dig deeper, giving talented veteran actors very little to work with.
The Perfect Guy - a poor cross between Basic Instinct and Fatal Attraction - is the latest obsessive-relationship thriller that promises an exciting ride, but just doesn't have the tools to deliver the goods.
Glossy but blandly directed stalker thriller The Perfect Guy fails to do anything interesting with its stock set-up and there's no erotic frisson between the characters. Sadly, a misted shower door is as steamy as things get here.
So very earnest in its incompetence that it's kind of sweet.
A paint-by-numbers stalker thriller a tad too predictable for this critic's taste.
The Perfect Guy might be high melodrama . . . yet despite its faults, it dresses nicely, wears good cologne, and has excellent table manners.
The B-movie riffs are efficiently executed, but the biggest mystery is why this supporting feature should be troubling our cinema screens when its target audience is firmly nestled on the sofa.
Lathan, Ealy and Chestnut do their best with the poorly-written script but even their experienced acting chops fail to save the copycat thriller.
A superficial, yet effective time-killer.
Little more than an NRA promotional video targeted at African-Americans.
The Perfect Guy is a lazy retread from the Fatal Attraction department of stalker movies.
A checklist of 90s thriller cliches (so tired you can almost see the cast yawning) get trotted out with a multitude of gloss yet zero creativity, in this disappointingly strait-laced Fatal Attraction knockoff.
The beats of the character are as follows: lovely, lovely, lovely, satanic, satanic, satanic.
The Perfect Guy manages to deliver a handful of tawdry thrills and remains solidly watchable thanks to its classy cast, but it lacks the ambition to rise above generic thriller box-ticking.
An enragingly stupid and obvious 'thriller' jammed with dull genre clichés, wild hypocrisy, and just a hint of victim blaming.
Only Lathan's earnestness holds the film together -- she's so good while being given so little to work with, it's a crime that she isn't headlining better films than this one.
The unsure tone screams that this is a director embarrassed by the film he's making.
Derivatively written, [and] has a laughable villain, but its success still needs to be celebrated.
Predictable thriller wastes strong cast; some sex, violence.
A reasonably engaging thriller with some topical overtones.
I can't say with absolute authority that The Perfect Guy is the most unimaginative stalker-boyfriend movie in recent years (I've got a lot of Lifetime movies taking up space on my DVR), but man, it sure feels that way.
Halfway through, The Perfect Guy flips from bland romance to a weak woman-in-peril suspenser.
By and large, I try to avoid spoilers, but once you get past The Perfect Guy's obviously ironic title, there's nothing left to spoil.
wouldn't be out of place among the flurry of post-Fatal Attraction knock-offs that filled video stores throughout the '80s and '90s
Scene after scene exists only to deliver facts for later: Carter's family background; the location of Leah's spare housekey; the presence of a mildly nosy neighbor and a clumsily introduced pet cat.
You've seen it a thousand times before.
I love Sanaa Lathan, except when she has to play dumb. And, boy, does The Perfect Guy need her to be dumb.
The only original writing screenwriter Tyger Williams managed was that adorable first name he invented for himself.
Where's the mania? Where's the tension? Where's the goddamn "holy crap!" moment in The Perfect Guy? Sadly, there's nothing like that in this flawed and limited PG-13 film.
Strives to make an exploitation mess with charged elements, but it can barely sustain interest in itself, missing the fun and snowballing panic this type of multiplex junk food is known for.
The script was so full of cliches that there was no room for originality or plot twists.
This devilishly entertaining, slickly executed and surprisingly thought-provoking film tries much harder than it needed to - and is all the better for it.
A glossy, cliché-laden revenge thriller about the perils of meeting Mr. Too Good To Be True.
Decent trash that could have been delicious trash with a little more daring.
It uses convention to its advantage through an intriguing play with casting choices and bizarrely effective allusions to film history.
Next to child-in-jeopardy thrillers, women-in-jeopardy thrillers are about as easy to construct as films get, and this one makes no effort to break any molds. Too bad.
The Perfect Guy escalates quite nicely, leading to a satisfyingly white-knuckled finale.
It's a lazy, by-the-numbers bore. It almost jumps through hoops to not be different in any way. In fact, you could sleep through the movie and still recite what happened.
The Perfect Guy is pitch-perfect Hollywood entertainment of the kind that studios used to crank out by the dozens in the 1940s.
David M. Rosenthal's Internet-age thriller falls head over heels for cheesy cliches.
'The Perfect Guy' is witless, graceless, and juvenile. It reads like a 14-year-old girl's assumed representation of adult life. It's high melodrama in the worst possible way.
"The Perfect Guy" - which was, it must be pointed out, deliberately not screened for critics prior to release - is a perfect example of how lame, lazy material strands good actors, resulting in a movie that looks great and feels less so.
Nobody goes to these Fatal Attraction retreads anymore for serious drama. But this one is a movie torn - too grim and self-important to go truly nuts, but too silly and slipshod to work on a more somber level.

@highlight

The Perfect Guy threatens to tip into enjoyably depraved territory, but ultimately settles for timid thriller clichés.