Best live-action talking animal movie since Babe.
There's something oddly satisfying about seeing a notoriously disobedient wild animal like a zebra racing alongside horses.
Part earnest, old-fashioned melodrama, part wisecracking broad comedy, Racing Stripes is a film divided against itself.
Racing Stripes never pulls ahead of the pack, but it's good for a few laps around the track.
Um filme engraçadinho, sem dúvida, mas que nada mais é do que uma cópia pouco inspirada do encantador Babe - Um Porquinho Atrapalhado.
That it is familiar and predictable is a given, but nevertheless Racing Stripes is an enjoyable film.
I have no doubt that Racing Stripes will be a solid hit with younger kids. But adults watching it with them may want to bring along a good book.
I suppose you have to expect barnyard humor in a film which takes place in a barnyard, but I longed for something more clever and less crude.
Racing Stripes follows a story arc similar to Babe, but it possesses none of the warmth, humor, or originality of that film.
A breezy caper that will entertain children without testing their parents' patience.
This is a nice movie that should entertain the kids and adults won't mind either.
If in the world of talking animal movies Babe is a 10, Racing Stripes scores a 6.5.
... the screenplay is a little unfocused in places - for example, a love interest sub-plot gets dropped pretty quickly, presumably because onscreen horse-zebra love might provoke some awkward questions.
The only thing that keeps us engaged is the cute factor.
Truly all-ages appeal is nowhere in evidence as director Frederik DuChau is all too eager to sink to cheap juvenalia.
A horse of a different color!
A predictable but pleasant kids movie.
Won't make it into the winner's circle.
I'm not against the idea of a talking zebra in and of itself, but this movie containing said articulate quadruped is decidedly bad.
I can't remember the last time I gave a movie an extra half star because the animal lead is so cute.
Charmless.
Quite enjoyable.
Adults will find Stripes tolerable at best, and the youngsters will probably show little more enthusiasm.
Racing Stripes is pretty standard family fare without too many charming moments.
If you want a positive reaction to your film, don't put farting animals in it.
A sweet, heartfelt, and sometimes clever film whose reticence to maintain a consistent tone automatically condemns it to life as a scattershot novelty.
Don’t mistake desperation for creativity...Racing Stripes is simply an abomination.
Almost everyone in this has done better, and those who haven't, like young Ms. Panettiere, have plenty of time to do so.
Young children may be mildly entertained by this familiar story, but for anyone over the age of 10 the film contains few surprises and even fewer laughs.
There's much to laud in Racing Stripes.
Racing Stripes is not terrible, but there's an irksome sense its creators think details don't matter because kids won't notice them.
Bland but likable kids' movie.
Offers enjoyable moments.
What kills this charmless Babe knockoff is the crude humor, along with the hamfisted way [it] puts inane dialogue and movie-star voices in the [animals'] mouths.
Fairly engaging.
Acceptable entertainment for younger children, without being an ordeal for parents.
It stumbles right out of the gate.
The humor never rises very far above the barnyard.
The special effects here are surprisingly smooth, and everyone seems to be having fun.
The movie has its charm.
Just because a film is geared toward first-graders doesn't mean it has to sound like it was written by one.
Old McDonald had a farm, EEIEEIO. And on that farm there was no clear sense of direction, EEIEEIO.
It may not be a sure bet, but the odds are excellent that Racing Stripes has something for the whole family.
A hackneyed mix of sentimentality and anarchic comedy.
Tolerable.
Even by the dubious standards of talking animal movies, this one is routine.
It's not a horrible idea for a movie, and the human cast is appealing. But the filmmakers stoop so low in their attempts to get laughs that it's all for naught.
Racing Stripes is hardly a Triple Crown winner. But for a Saturday afternoon with the kids, it's a safe bet.
This is the kind of movie you might grab at the video store, but it's not worth the trip to the theater.
The film will leave older kids indifferent and parents with mixed reactions.
Simultaneously overplotted and simplistic, the new barnyard/racecourse comedy from Warner Brothers is predictable every step of the way, and it contains at least three too many poop jokes.
succeeds in thoroughly entertaining its target audience while being easy on the eyes and minds of the escorting adults
the latest entry in a long string of family-oriented films that undercut their sentimental side with plenty of gross-out gags and dried-out pop culture references.
A tolerable but derivative combination of 'Babe,' 'National Velvet' and 'Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer,' with recycled life lessons and poop jokes...
How earlier generations enjoyed movies without depictions of excrement is a mystery lost to the ages.
A family film that tries to duplicate the moral uplift of "Babe" and fails miserably with its emphasis upon competition and winning.
Barring its icky gags, this could have been a recommendable (albeit unremarkable) family movie.
It makes one wonder why the makers of an otherwise embraceable family comedy feel they need to go lowbrow to make kids laugh.
Imagine Babe without the heart, acting, writing, direction, craftsmanship, appeal, respect, scoring, wonder, and general storybook feel. That's Racing Stripes.
Adorable zebra, overly cute girl, funny animals, and too much bird poop - and yet still entertaining (not as much for adults, but if I was 9, I would have loved it).
A veritable barnyard full of guest celebrity voices, doing their best to liven up a mediocre Babe wannabe.
The humor may overdo the doo-doo, but there are sweet and funny moments as Stripes tries to follow his dream and learns the importance of friends.
Low, venal entertainment.
Racing Stripes is oddly torn in tone: is it an old-fashioned family drama, a coming-of-age story or a crass comedy? Live action or animation? Unlike Babe, it fails to integrate its conflicting personalities.
An entertaining, sentimental film.
Should delight youngsters, although parents likely will find it is sentimental in the extreme, with a plot that telegraphs every development.
A good one to take the kiddies to, and fun for animal lovers (the zebra and Shetland are adorable, and very well-trained)
Although this film about a zebra who aspires to win horse races has a marvelous premise, it slows to a mediocre canter right out of the starting gate.
Racing Stripes is unlikely to ascend to the pantheon of perennially watchable children's films, but like its hero, what it lacks in skill, it makes up for in heart.
Setting up a race in which you root for the misfit is the 'oldest trick in the book,' to quote a phrase Tucker the horse likes to use in Racing Stripes. But as Tucker adds: 'Works every time.' That it does.
It's all familiar and unsurprising, but not without its modest pleasures.
While no one will walk out quoting killer punchlines, the requisite fart jokes and pop cultural references are slightly zestier than usual.
Young kids will get hearty chuckles from its blend of mild vulgarity, goofiness, and sheer inanity. Anyone older than about 11 should probably take a pass.
Kids will eat it up. The rest of us just have to time the eating of our popcorn to avoid the occasional crude humor and well-worn story.
Babe is a family film. Racing Stripes is a children's film.
Makes a good case for taking children's entertainment out of the hands of directors and producers in arrested development.
The results don't come close to duplicating Noonan's charming and gentle barnyard fable [Babe].
The message comes across loud and clear without being preachy or treacly, the voice work is top-notch and the zebras (they used eight to play the teenage Stripes) beautiful.
It's no classic, but its heart's in the right place.
Proceeding from a ridiculous premise, this fish-out-of-water tale manages to create a passably humorous film for kids.
It whacks you over the head with it like a puffy bouquet of foam flowers. The beating doesn't actually hurt - it's too cute to hurt - but you do get annoyed with it
The undeniable ambiance of Mr. Ed that hangs over the movie is made up for by the charming whimsy of some of the other voices.
Frisky and funny enough to please pre-teens, but still witty enough to amuse even those parents who don't recognize Dustin Hoffman, Whoopi Goldberg and other notables among the unseen vocal talents.
For the jaded adult, there's something casually terrifying about Racing Stripes.
by-the-numbers family entertainment
The film shares a problem with its hero: identity crisis.
A cute little movie of modest ambitions, aimed squarely at the youngsters in the audience.
It has enough heart and humor to land it in the winner's circle, even if not in first place.
Bruce Greenwood's awesome acting is surrounded by drivel so bad that I can't even get keen about the film's well-intentioned efforts to comment on racism and intolerance.
A lame, children's message movie that's a lot more tolerable than it ought to be.
Although defintely aimed at younger kids, Racing Stripes is cute and funny enough to keep the adults from being completely bored.
a passable entertainment for kids that is hobbled badly by a formulaic plot and talking animals that, for the most part, don't have anything interesting to say
What is Willie Waffle's first rule of comedy? Talking animals are funny ... Racing Stripes is a pleasant surprise.
Having seen it all before, and in a superior, more charming fashion, the most likely response from viewers will be lackadaisical indifference.
The story certainly has its heart in the right place and will appeal to young horse-loving girls, but the script is not funny enough, and the references confused.





@highlight

An entertaining children movie that ought to be tolerable for adults.