A minor trifle, Table 19 nevertheless manages to be quite entertaining when it sticks to comedy.
Essentially The Breakfast Club crossed with a conventional romcom...
... don't forget to RSVP your regrets to Table 19.
Though it's a touch problematic, overall, it's cute and yields some genuine laughs and poignancy.
Table 19 is not a perfect movie, but it is charming and there is real emotional weight to the problems people are having.
Table 19 winds up falling flat on its face.
Good thing Anna Kendrick is in it, then-her involvement ends up being crucial to the film's watchability
The (writers) repeat the same old stuff you've seen before. They ask, though, that you be patient. Pay attention, and the routine won't be as stuffy as you thought, and may even lead to surprising insights.
Its well-meant sympathy for unhappy outsiders isn't enough to hold together the scrappy farcical scenes.
There's a lot of talk at Table 19 but there weren't many laughs in Cinema 4.
Table 19 is affable and empathetic, never aspiring to be more than it is in scope or scale.
The film certainly does a fine job replicating the tedium of what it feels like to be stuck at the loser's table.
I found Table 19 refreshing because it seeks the humanity of characters who would usually be the background colour in other movies.
A by-the-book script that jumps between misfit comedy and rom-com, but doesn't stray from the familiar path with either.
The longer you spend with the motley bunch at Table 19, the more they grow on you.
Kendrick is such a whirl of energy that she makes even this underwritten role sparkle.
A Hollywood romantic comedy that wades deep into sentimentality when it repeatedly appears better off exploring the abrasive and the unexpected.
The wedding from hell has possibilities but there is a fatal flaw with the screenplay. Nothing is credible.
This is the human message of this amusing film: everyone's life gets messy at times. It's important to cut others some slack, even when it's not deserved.
A so-so wedding-themed tale of woe, Table 19 is an American comedy that tries valiantly to deliver more than it is ultimately capable of.
A horribly superficial rom-com Frankenstein
Overcoming a shaky start, this low-budget rom-dram rewards patience, with a fine cast delivering strong work. Accept the invitation.
You really don't want to take a seat at 'Table 19.'
Table 19 starts slowly but pings to life once the diners have been assembled: Craig Robinson and Lisa Kudrow are excellent as the unhappy couple, and Stephen Merchant's comic timing as Walter is superb.
Sadly, this wedding farce fails to bubble, thanks to unfunny dregs of a script written by the Duplass brothers.
Table 19 aims to be the Wedding Singer, but instead ends up with as a hybrid of a film. Not quite stylish indie, and not quite Apatow-esque gross out rom-com.
An easy-going romantic comedy with uneven charms, this lightweight affair occupies that small space between John Hughes nostalgia and My Big Fat Greek Wedding vitality.
The mean-spirited comedy and bitter drama make for uncomfortable bedfellows before the descent towards sloppy sentimentality.
If the goal here was to replicate the banal horror of wedding-attendance obligations, then Table 19 nails it.
Like the bride and groom, you'll want to keep your distance.
An excellent idea of multiple possibilities that barely manage to take advantage of a remarkable presentation of characters which leads the film to the same old conservatism. [Full review in Spanish]
The gags ought to have been put out of their misery and there's a deeply uncool unfeminist message.
As with most mumblecore films, Table 19 is more interested in character and dialogue than it is in plot, which would be fine if the characters and dialog were actually funny.
Decline with regrets...
We squirm through some awkward moments but in the end we're glad we came.
... replicates the experience of attending a wedding reception that's memorable for all the wrong reasons.
Nobody likes weddings and we certainly don't want to see what goes on at table 19.
Funny but overly quirky... A charming but inconsequential date-night comedy.
The film has a clever premise that probably would have worked as a half-hour TV episode but fails to sustain a feature-length comedy.
The majority of the movie's gags are staged so blandly that you're more likely to wince than laugh.
What Table 19's quality boils down to is the story and the comedy, both seemingly unfinished in the film.
Table 19 doesn't know whether it's looking to depress or inspire, and so ends up failing in both regards.
Table 19 starts out strong before gradually running out of steam.
No better than moderately amusing, like a decent but forgettable network sitcom.
Ultimately fails because it can't handle its jarring tonal shifts. That, and the majority of the plot elements are complete failures . (Splice Today)
At one point, Kendrick's character says into the bathroom mirror, "Today will not suck." That pretty much sums up the whole movie - it doesn't suck. But it isn't exactly memorable, either.
It's a funny idea for a movie, but...you don't believe any of these characters are remotely real. Don't stick around for the cake.
You really shouldn't be looking at your watch more times than you laugh during an 87-minute comedy.
Positioned as a quirky antidote to Hollywood wedding comedies, the awkward, tonally inconsistent Table 19 ultimately turns out to be more of the same.
A sweet, funny poignant film for everyone who's ever been seated at a table in the high teens.
Full of wasted promise. Don't pull up a chair with this one. Best to leave your invitation lost in the mail.
In the end, this is a comedy I was glad I'd made the time for, and as blind dinner dates go this is one I'd go out with again a second time with few reservations whatsoever.
At every predictable turn, Table 19 and its superstar cast feels like an arranged marriage of convenience.
Thankfully Eloise is played by Anna Kendrick. Plucky hurt always looks good on her.
Despite good performances, especially by Wyatt Russell, the situations are too silly and trite to be involving. On the plus side, it was less than 90 minutes long.
Strong cast, weak story in comedy with some racy bits.
Occasionally funny, sometimes quirky and definitely uneven dramedy. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Table 19 is a wedding movie for people who hate weddings, and an underdog movie for anyone who has ever felt life's wrath in a social setting.
Mostly, however, what you get is six characters in search of a cringe-comedy that can cohere around them.
A talented cast comes together for forced awkwardness of the social and comic varieties in Table 19.
A bland screwball comedy sunk by an excess of gimmickry and a lack of credibility and punch.
Table 19 is never boring, and it has a handful of laugh out loud moments compelled by its talented ensemble, but it really just doesn't amount to much.
In the end "Table 19" feels a little like the kind of wedding toast made by a not-very-good friend - long on time-filling cliches, short on specifics, and still going on long after you've started checking your watch.
It's worth seeing for its performances, though-in particular Merchant's. His ostrich walk and deadpan line deliveries are a continual source of delight.
RSVP: Decline with regret.
You'll spend most of the film rolling your eyes and wishing it lived up to its varied cast.
"Table 19" is like being stuck at the worst table at a bad wedding.
Traces of mumblecore remain in "Table 19," cross-bred with a more conventional romantic comedy, and it turns out to be a welcome blend of sweet and sour.
It's not a complicated or original idea, but one that Table 19 manages to express on genuinely heartfelt terms. You can't hate a movie that courageously wears its heart on its sleeve.
Kendrick's impeccable comedy chops and plucky charm carry the day, raising Table 19 to the level of an unassumingly pleasant comedy.
Slight even by the wafer-thin standards of the wedding rom-com genre, writer-director Jeffrey Blitz's Table 19 offers a couple of mild chuckles, six actors who've all been far better elsewhere, and a mercifully brief running time.
This comedy about the random losers stuck together at a wedding reception actually, uncannily, creates an experience as dull, awkward and excruciating as the thing it mocks.
Comedy and drama are toggled like a light switch, and the off-again/on-again flipping keeps Table 19 from getting any kind of flow going.
Slapstick and sap vie for prominence in "Table 19," a comedy so lazy that it actually features someone falling off a log.
Kendrick, one of the smartest actresses around, is playing well beneath her abilities. The movie is choking on fumes before it's even had the chance to begin.
It feels a bit like an unfocused drunk-uncle speech; it's got a couple of good jokes but mostly you just wait it out to get to the inevitable sweet table at the end of the night.
The wedding-themed romantic comedy "Table 19" is like that big, beautifully wrapped gift you've had your eye on since the reception. But then, when you open it, you realize it's just a blender.
Blitz is lost here, flailing with terrible scenes, trying to make something meaningful stick with stillborn material and a dead-eyed cast.
How fun it might have been if these misfits had a modicum of comedic chemistry with one another, or actually seemed like real humans. Instead, they're all half-baked "types."
You've been to worse weddings -- and just as many that were more memorable.
If being seated at Table 19 is a drag, watching the film of the same name is worse.
The movie races through each of its stories, careening toward tidy endings with all the grace of a car trying to make it though the intersection before the light turns red.
It's "The Breakfast Club" meets "Wedding Crashers," without the depth of the former or the comedic spunkiness of the latter.
Ultimately, despite a good premise and excellent actors, Table 19 is just not worth the RSVP.
A relatively uneventful and humorless affair, although one that's made somewhat watchable by the casting of Anna Kendrick in the lead role.
One big adult paean to that old adolescent screen staple, from the unlikely bonding to the way-'80s music to the wacky tobacky scene. And we're still suckers for it.
"Table 19" is a comedy to the extent it can get laughs, and when it can't ... the movie switches to trying to make us feel sorry for everyone onscreen. That doesn't work, either.
Unfortunately, while there is good chemistry between the actors (good bad chemistry between Robinson and Kudrow, which is tricky to pull off), the story ultimately is as predictable as a bad toast from the best man (yes, that's here, too).
It's as tired as "The Breakfast Club remade with adults" implies.
Table 19 is a sweet and quirky comedy with a lot of heart. The ensemble cast shines in this tale of loners finding friendship.
The tone clumsily veers from dopey slapstick (hmm, will someone accidentally knock over the wedding cake?) to heavy seriousness, without succeeding at either.
[Director Jeffrey Blitz] asks us to take sudden dramatic turns seriously when the actors were doing pratfalls in the previous scene.
The movie ends on a sweetly romantic note, proving that love can bloom even when comedy dies.
Table 19 is an ensemble comedy with a lot of good ideas that never pay off.
Each of Table 19's faint glimmers of grace are overwhelmed by elements of general spatial and narrative incompetence.
The script could have used another draft or five to tease out character intricacies.
The adorable dog at the wedding did not say anything. That made him the most interesting guest at the reception.
I won't say it's impossible to make a good movie in which June Squibb plays a rapping granny, but it certainly adds to the degree of difficulty.
...an assembly of underwritten character sketches that had nowhere else to go.
Anna Kendrick has a recent track record of being decisively better than the movies she's in. Table 19, an innocuous but misguided mess written and directed by Jeffrey Blitz from a story by Mark and Jay Duplass, continues the trend.
The strangers-at-a-table concept turns out to be a thin excuse to cobble together what might have been the pilot episode for a glibly forgettable TV series.
Everything you would expect happens, but little of it is funny or affecting.
A woeful wedding farce in which the cake is the most interesting character.
Goes from (alleged) comedy to serious drama with all the subtlety of a ten year-old playing Mario Kart.
For a good while, the film threatens to be as forced as an unwanted attendee, and as forgotten as the types of guests it focuses on, until it rallies toward the end with an easy sweetness and comedic warmth it had been lacking for too long.
A winning comedy of slight, uneven charm

@highlight

Table 19 is marginally more entertaining than actually sitting with a table full of strangers at a wedding -- although most screenings won't come with an open bar, which makes it a wash.