On paper, In the Family is an 'issue movie'...But in practice, it's a made-to-scale love story and a thoughtful family drama. In other words, it's a true rarity of contemporary cinema. [Blu-ray]
an amazing piece of work, a quiet, introspective indie film that will have you rethinking everything
To see it is to sit there for long stretches amazed at how clumsy, fake and misguided it is. But then, five minutes later you might easily be riveted and moved by its awkward brilliance.
(Writer-director Patrick) Wang's deliberate, naturalistic style proves to be both a strength and a weakness. In the final analysis, the overall timeliness of Wang's storyline as well as the film's lack of sentimentality is of considerable value.
Despite its length and deliberate pacing, this is a film that is cathartic like no other film I have seen in a long time. An eloquent but non-propagandistic plea for gay rights.
Trevor St. John is cute and broody-mouthed as the deceased lover; Wang, the movie's writer-director, is touchingly, disarmingly open; and the kid, Sebastian Banes, is adorable.
No doubt you've noticed the nearly three-hour runtime, but please don't let that dissuade you: Every moment counts in this gripping tale ...
Will remind viewers of the emotional tugs of a KRAMER VS. KRAMER.
Wang's unforced, contemplative approach seems like the perfect way to underline his message.
In the Family says very little and moves hardly at all, but it captures invisible rhythms in our lives as human beings that very few American movies ever get close to.
More than just a carefully-crafted exercise in naturalism and restraint - Family is a beautiful, bold, and staggeringly moving film.
As Wang holds us in rapt attention, not only with his steady pacing, but with the hard realism of the screenplay, the characters retain a coldness that never breaks.
Between the slow unfolding and the understated performances, experiencing this film is like being briefly dropped into someone else's life. In a good way.
Wang chooses gentle storytelling as a tool of persuasion rather than soap-box hectoring to make his point: that love - in all its forms - can transcend the greatest obstacles.
This deeply humanistic, profoundly touching work representing independent cinema at its finest should be seen by far wider audiences.
These days, a movie so invested in the highs and lows of caring for others can only be a remarkable, cherished thing.
What a courageous first feature this is, a film that sidesteps shopworn stereotypes and tells a quiet, firm, deeply humanist story about doing the right thing.
Patrick Wang's moving debut feature appropriates the story arc of a courtroom drama, but the law turns out to be less pivotal than such old-fashioned ideas as fairness and decency.
The fact that the film paints Joey as such a resolutely good guy throughout robs it of a certain dramatic complexity.
An acutely felt, altogether devastating family drama as intimate and affecting as it is sprawling and untamed.
Mr. Wang's slow-reveal psychological drama isn't just a showcase for his excellent ensemble cast. Beautifully modulated and stylistically sui generis, "In the Family" is also one of the most accomplished and undersold directorial debuts this year.
Ultimately worthwhile tale of a gay custody battle: important, rewarding viewing, but marred by directorial indulgence and excessive length.
A serious and meditative film about loss, mourning, and the changes that come with them.
With an incisive understanding of character, believably naturalistic acting, and lengthy scenes that don't feel stretched out, In the Family proves that smart direction and an innate feeling for one's material trumps potentially precious subject matter.


@highlight

In the Family uses one couple's tragedy to examine the legal meaning of parenthood - and make a persuasive argument for a more inclusive approach to family law.