Facts alone do not compelling drama make. When the most moving scenes in a Holocaust drama are when the animals are shot, you have a problem.
Blending highly personal drama with the emotional trauma of the Holocaust, The Zookeeper's Wife excels in reminding that there were plenty of everyday human heroes in the Nazi resistance.
Since the director gives us such superficial characters and portrays their dangerous work in such a placid manner, her movie generates no suspense, even at its most fateful moments.
[Director Niki] Caro's film is an effective piece of war-based melodrama (I'd have jettisoned Chastain's "Polish" accent), even as it treads familiar ground.
One thing that makes this different is its perspective. Written and directed by women, the movie tells the story of a female hero, whose very heroism is the natural extension of the parts of her character that are typically perceived female.
... a far too conventional Nazi drama... [Full review in Spanish]
The Zookeeper's Wife is an incredible real life story that reminds us what makes us human - our ability to hope and rise beyond the darkness and hatred.
Jessica Chastain brings this true story to life with a subtle and poignant performance.
It's impossible not to be moved by SOMETHING in Zookeeper, and Caro effectively recreates the Warsaw Ghetto and its myriad horrors without sinking to exploitation or crass violence.
Highly recommended, despite the undeniable problems of the opening half hour.
The Zookeeper's Wife has powerful moments, but it fails to truly convey the emotional depths of the situation.
Nicki Caro's movie flails in its search for a consistent focus
The Zookeeper's Wife is a story worth telling - especially given today's political climate in the US - because it's a story of love, tolerance and courage taking on fascism.
The animal backdrop brings first an unexpected softness and then an alien undertow to an otherwise familiar but ever harrowing story.
The Zookeeper's Wife is a medium-grade drama that has been given the look and feel of a prestige offering.
I did cry seven times-my dislike for The Zookeeper's Wife happened afterwards, as I retroactively tried to map my mixed feelings.
Too often ... noble intentions are all this derivative effort has going for it.
A product full of good intentions that, fortunately, doesn't fall into tearfulness even though it could. [Full review in Spanish]
The salvation of the film is in the wonderful performances of Chastain and Heldenbergh, on the other hand, it has some genuinely exciting moments. [Full review in Spanish]
...a well-intentioned yet entirely misbegotten endeavor that squanders a good cast and searing true-life setup.
"The Zookeeper's Wife" has a very particular, quite amazing story to tell and yet, somehow it squanders the opportunity.
The film could have been an excellent introduction to a relatively unknown historical figure, but it doesn't eloquently capture the essence of their real life struggle.
It is a story of selflessness and bravery I had not heard before and it surely inspires.
Chastain's performance is truly riveting and the Oscar-nominated actress shines every time she appears on screen.
The Zookeeper's Wife is a story worth telling, and while it's not faultless, I believe it's a story Workman, Caro and Chastain have told well.
For the most part, Caro rises to the challenge, although the film is a slightly emotionless affair.
Questions persist about the tone and approach.
There is a point in filmmaking where the tasteful can become timid, and unfortunately this handsome period drama turns that corner halfway through its generous running time.
Well-intentioned and handsomely produced, this fact-based war film is an important account of human decency, featuring moving performances and some effective scenes. Yet The Zookeeper's Wife... still feels somehow off.
The drama might feature cute creatures big and small, but it's firmly concerned with the human impact in times of conflict.
The ridiculously versatile Jessica Chastain nails it again with a terrific, touching central performance in this true-life wartime drama.
An amazing story and movie that would not be believable if it were not based on true events.
Caro creates some impressive scenes, some involving the fates of the animals, one involving a mother and daughter who think they've escaped. But on the whole the film never quite manages to create the required mood.
The results mostly work well.
It doesn't rewrite Schindler's List, but Caro delivers enough compassionate hugs and kicks to the gut to make the story worthwhile.
Director Niki Caro... devotes a generous amount of screen time to the impressive animal cast. It's a wise move. They are extremely photogenic.
While the film is capable enough of chronicling the heroism and bravery of the Żabińskis, it does lack the emotional clout that should come with such drastic matters of life and death as those depicted here.
Courage, duplicity, loyalty and survival are the key themes of this gripping drama that offers a unique and refreshingly different perspective of the Holocaust.
Although not as emotionally involving as it could have been, Chastain is as wonderful as ever as the plot revolves around her.
It's two hours of sturdy heroism and 10 minutes of suspense at the end.
A compelling story bolstered by engaging performances from Jessica Chastain and Daniel Brühl, let down by occasional awkward tonal shifts and clumsy plotting.
The film's inability to capture the plights of its human victims in comparably arresting terms leave its priorities feeling, at best, naively jumbled.
Caro floods the film's frames with light, resulting in a film far prettier than expected, but more sanitised too.
This is no Schindler's List. The Zookeeper's Wife barely makes it to see-grade.
While there are tense scenes and earnest storytelling, something seems to have been lost in screenwriter Angela Workman's adaptation of Ackerman's book. The distilled story feels superficial and clichéd.
Sadly, Niki Caro's film makes a right old mess of telling this fantastic story, and even the normally resplendent Chastain does not escape with her dignity entirely intact.
As uneasy, sugary fantasies go, The Zookeeper's Wife is pretty well carried off.
The combination of cute furry animals and the horror of the Warsaw Ghetto makes uncomfortable and unfortunate viewing in The Zookeeper's Wife.
The Zookeeper's Wife tells an amazing true story, there are some remarkable set-pieces ... and who can honestly begrudge Chastain, a fine actress, a rare chance to emulate the great Meryl, and Streepishly deliver her lines in a sing-song Polish accent?
A film that is worthy and well made rather than exceptional.
It's impossible not to be moved, even with such a polite rendering of events that, in the end, finds hope for the human species.
In spite of the incessant Nazi presence, and the fact our protagonists are hiding several Jews in their home, the film somehow comes devoid of suspense, which should be the film's most prominent theme, and yet isn't nearly as prevalent enough.
Your time will be much better spent in an actual zoo.
For all the striving for epic grandeur, the film feels like a chamber piece.
Amazing True Story of Courage and Love
This marvelous true story deserved a better film.
'The Zookeeper's Wife,' based on the non-fiction book by Diane Ackerman, is a poignant tale of survival that happened at the Warsaw Zoo in 1939 when Hitler invaded Poland and on through the early 1940s.
Chastain and Heldenbergh are solid, but the script's rough edges leave the leading lady in the background. It's doubtful the film will be remembered come summertime.
Despite its flaws, The Zookeeper's Wife is the kind of handsomely-mounted melodrama that will inspire many to bemoan the fact that they don't make them like this anymore.
No one can doubt that Antonina, Jan, and everyone else at the zoo underwent severe hardships; their accomplishment of saving hundreds of lives over the course of the war should certainly be acknowledged, but it is worthy of a better overall film.
Despite its inadequacies, however, The Zookeeper's Wife conveys a tale of courage and opposition to authority that provides valuable inspiration for any era.
The whole enterprise would be unbearably stiff were it not for Chastain, one of our sturdiest and most empathetic actors, wielding her incredible jawline like a weapon itself -- Antonina is often afraid, but her bravery is unwavering.
It doesn't burn through the conscience and haunt you forever like Schindler's List, but in spite of its laid-back reluctance to shock and horrify, it's never trivial or boring.
An earnest, inoffensive examination of heroism in the Holocaust that's haunted at nearly every turn by a considerably better film, Schindler's List. (Splice Today)
Niki Caro breaks out of the genre and emerges with a truly moving and original film. She uses the familiar structure of survival and rescue, but her focus is on the mechanics of cruelty itself in an unlikely setting.
A portrait in courage told through the true story of a Polish couple who saved hundreds of Jews during World War II.
How zookeeper Jan Zabinski and his wife, Antonina, pulled this off is as remarkable as it is inspiring, but "The Zookeeper's Wife" seldom does their story justice.
Caro's overall approach to the film finds a respectable balance between horror, preaching, and sentimentality.
The Zookeeper's Wife is an accomplished picture, offering a fascinating history lesson even as it remains wholly topical.
Gripping adaption... honors Poles who risked death to help Jews and resist [Nazis]...Zabinskis well-deserved this exciting cinematic tribute...without fictional challenges.
The film is the latest to look at the evils committed during World War II but feels fresh because Caro keeps the focus on small moments.
Nobly stoic, heralding one brave couple's unobtrusive heroics...
The Zookeeper's Wife may not rank with the best of its genre, but as a unique perspective on the Holocaust, it is a moving celebration of the people who fought against it.
Since the movie is based on a true story and the book of the same name written by best-selling author Diane Ackerman, it's kind of a head-scratcher that the movie is so vague and often downright confusing.
... indulges in heavy-handed contrivances that diminish the emotional impact of the material, especially considering the true-life heroism that inspired it.
How this was managed is truly inspiring, but the way it plays out in Angela Workman's script (adapted from Diane Ackerman's bestseller) is strictly by the numbers.
The Zookeeper's Wife is excellent, the Zabinskis' story an important lesson in heroism that proves to be as entertainingly compelling as it is fascinatingly essential.
If it's remembered at all, it will be seen as a missed opportunity to tell a powerful story.
Jessica Chastain is relaxed with some actual lion cubs, and there's a bunny that should win an Oscar. But when the film pivots to the scared human beings down below, you get a hint of the weirder, tougher drama it might have been.
It's a solidly told tale, with a good performance (as to be expected) from Jessica Chastain and handsome production values. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Nudity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
The remarkable true story of the Żabiński family's courageous efforts in Warsaw is effectively dramatized in this inspirational film.
Despite the best of intentions from all involved The Zookeeper's Wife is bloodless and cool, turning it's story into an anecdote rather than a triumph.
Again and again, the fuse is lit and then fizzles. Eventually, bewildered disinterest sets in.
Chastain gives a strong performance and is helped along by a script by Angela Workman that, along with Niki Caro's direction, puts Antonina, a far more interesting character than any of the others, right where she should be: at the center.
Chastain does something admirable here: She doesn't play Antonina as some kind of ahead-of-her-time superhero, but as an unassuming woman whose steady moral center allows her to persevere in the face of danger.
As a personal tale of ordinary people taking extraordinary, life-threatening measures to help strangers, The Zookeeper's Wife astounds.
Despite dynamic performances all around, most especially from Jessica Chastain, Caro's film is a disappointingly bland and forgettable effort that isn't nearly as stunning or rousing as it rightfully should be.
It's held together by the fierce-as-always Jessica Chastain, who - burrowing deep into a slight Slavic acccent - brings Antontina to trembling, big-hearted life.
A righteous story clumsily told.
A well-told story of a time in history when the true wild animals were on the wrong side of the bars.
Jessica Chastain's 'For Your Consideration' close-ups are the worst reason to see The Zookeeper's Wife
A film that prefers tastefully underplaying Holocaust clichés to building its own legitimate drama.
This is a handsomely shot, weighty story, and Chastain is a knockout in the lead.
Emotionally wrenching in many ways, 'The Zookeeper's Wife' succeeds as a fact-based a story of love and perseverance.
It tells a valuable story in a way that mostly recalls other, more vital versions of stories from the same endlessly dramatized historical period.
It's never a waste of time watching Jessica Chastain, even if the film she's in isn't great. This is an earnest historical drama that never scales the emotional heights the real-life story would seem to promise. But Chastain is faultless
There are some wonderfully surreal scenes of wild animals running free in the streets, an excellent visual metaphor for the absurdity and randomness of war.
It would be easy to mistake the gentle tone as not sufficiently harrowing, but Caro presents Antonina's story with as much grace and humanity as Antonina showed her guests.
Once the Nazis roll in and shoot all the critters, the movie begins to feel like a budget version of Schindler's List and drifts away into the deep blue sea of Holocaust dramas.
Overall, Caro seems to be making a pointed narrative choice: In the war movie genre, those who quietly tend to the vulnerable don't always get their due.
The Zookeeper's Wife is a little too delicate, and that includes the way it handles what happens to some of the animals -- tastefully and just off-camera.
The intelligent choices of the director and the nuanced performance of Jessica Chastain make this important story one worth watching.
The Holocaust, and the plight of Jews in the Warsaw ghetto, is given a thoughtful, lyrical treatment in The Zookeeper's Wife, a drama that deftly employs the talents of star Jessica Chastain and director Niki Caro.
The Zookeeper's Wife isn't nearly as unique or bizarre or harrowing as the events that inspired it, though it is deeply felt and, at times, unexpectedly charming.
Caro fails to find the same spark of compassionate moviemaking that ignited her masterpiece Whale Rider, or even her perfectly enjoyable take on sports movies, McFarland, USA.
In a production based on a nonfiction book by Diane Ackerman, a brilliantly specific story has been reduced to conventional drama and synthetic heroics.
Through painting a story that boasts both dizzying moments of drama and self-sacrificing heroism, Caro delivers not just a history lesson, but also a rallying cry.
Chastain is an appealing protagonist, radiating an aura of determination in the face of uncertainty and adversity - and getting the Polish accent just right.
The film is at its best when Chastain is on screen - and that is a lot.
I hadn't heard about this remarkable true story and I'm glad I got to learn about it. I wish it had been in a film that wasn't trying so hard to be all things to all people.
Angela Workman's screenplay is more concerned with the quantity of the story's details than the quality of a focused narrative.
Moments of visual expressiveness, striking as they are, become swallowed up in choppy note-hitting for the characters
Its 14A rating in Ontario means it could function as an introduction to the Holocaust for more mature children, without completely scarring them. And it remains an incredible tale of humane behaviour countering a beastly evil.
True-story drama about a Polish wife who helped shelter Jews from the Nazis in her family zoo can't escape clichés - but does boast an excellent lead performance from Jessica Chastain
Chastain embraces the lead in an anchoring performance, and Brühl gives a sinister performance that hearkens to his famous turn as a Nazi officer in Inglourious Basterds, but overall Zookeeper doesn't live up to its subject matter.
While The Zookeeper's Wife never lands an emotional knockout punch, there's a decency in the actions of Antonina Żabińska and Jan Żabiński that's downright heartwarming.
One silver lining to the current political situation is that at least in a few years we'll have some new stories to tell about fighting Nazis.
True to form, Caro seems unbound by her audience's expectations of a WWII picture; she delivers a singular, thrilling portrait, filled with surprises and moving performances.
The film's flaws in pacing are easily overlooked in the shadow of Chastain's moving performance, as well as the performances of those around her. Caro unspools an evergreen tale about the clarifying power of empathy to diffuse fear and hatred.
It always feels like it's keeping the Holocaust at arm's length, not because it's trying to cover up those horrors, but because it wants to remain tethered to the Żabińskas' perspective.
Belief begets belief, and the faith that star Jessica Chastain and director Niki Caro have in "The Zookeeper's Wife" turn this World War II drama into an emotional experience that is straight-ahead but satisfying.
The characters are all just ciphers representing "courage" or "evil," which does the opposite of make history come alive.
It's an inspiring tale [but] frankly, the Zabinskis, and those they helped, deserve a better cinematic memorial than this.
A fitfully engaging, conspicuously cleaned-up Holocaust drama that, while well-acted all around, gets bogged down by its insistence on hewing to formula.
An engrossing if somewhat glossy drama based on a real-life heroine.
It's all well-intentioned and plushly mounted and fundamentally decent, and the history lesson may send moviegoers back to Ackerman's book.
Intense, violent true story about courage in WWII.
"The Zookeeper's Wife" is little more than an old-fashioned melodrama, but for some moviegoers that will be enough.
It's a good movie about great heroism, and you wish it was more.
It's not that The Zookeeper's Wife is a bad film, so much as it's a wasted opportunity.
Niki Caro's gorgeous drama favors intimacy over grand moments and gracefully honors life in all forms.
The Zookeeper's Wife is handsomely made, well-acted, and lacking in much nuance.
The Zookeeper's Wife holds the distinction of being one of the few Holocaust movies seen almost entirely from a female perspective, which may explain why it's also one of the least despairing and most romantic.
A polite but pallid recycling of Holocaust movie tropes with epic pretensions.
[Director Niki Caro] stages the whole, exposition-laden tale with the kind of awkward solemnity you frequently get with multinational costume dramas, especially when they are entirely in English.
The Zookeeper's Wife undersells a story of Warsaw torment in favor Chastain's - albeit more than formidable - performance.
Frankly, it's the kind of movie that if it were any good would have been released in November as quintessential awards bait.
The Zookeeper's Wife is deeply emotional and visceral, but fails to reach the bar set by better examples of the genre. Jessica Chastain and Johan Heldenbergh deliver sublime performances.
The movie is so dutiful and tactful that it sometimes feels mechanical, constrained by its story rather than inspired by it.
Both a lush historical tale and a real-life fable, The Zookeeper's Wife is an account of Warsaw during the Nazi occupation that makes a strong case for a simple truth: inhuman brutality can only be counteracted by steady compassion and kindness.
"The Zookeeper's Wife" achieves its grandeur, not through the depiction of grand movements, but through its attentiveness to the shifts and flickers of the soul.
It's a worthy film that fails in revealing any depth to its protagonists, remembering them for their courageousness and little more.
Niko Caro is seemingly very aware of the talent she has to work with because her leading lady really shines.
Look past the sepia and the dreary title, The Zookeeper's Wife is riveting both inspiring and comes as a welcome reminder in this time of uncertainty that even in the face of astonishing evil, humanity and goodness can also rise to the occasion.
Ultimately, the movie gets by on the power of its characters' goodness; we want to believe that we, faced with a chance to make a difference, would risk our lives the way Antonina and Jan did.
[The Zookeeper's Wife] has many lovely and moving moments but fails to capture the many layers of this unique story, relying instead on plainly-stated metaphors.
The too-easy treatment of the story is a huge pity because this is an important and extraordinary story that deserves to be told.
Niki Caro orchestrates the proceedings with a very sensitive eye that never wavers.
A bittersweet biopic belatedly paying tribute to an unsung heroine who selflessly put her life on the line in the face of unspeakable evil.
It imbues a pessimistic view of the seemingly bottomless depths of human cruelty with sorrowful tragic force.
Nazis, Animals , and a superb performance from Jessica Chastain make this a memorable and different WWII-set film.
The movie is nicely shot and sympathetically acted, but there's an odd lack of stakes and urgency ...
A fundamental sense of empathy may not be especially cinematic, but that's no reason to ignore it (and Chastain, who strikes a wonderful balance with Heldenbergh, is masterful at expressing stoicism without ever tipping into sanctimony).
"The Zookeeper's Wife" may have appeal to history buffs of that turbulent time but the story has a more universal appeal about love and compassion for all animals, even us humans.
Subtle yet striking, this is a film that is filled with the power of exquisitely executed storytelling.
As refreshing as it is to see a woman in an Oskar Schindler-type role get her big-movie due, the trappings of handsome blandness, tinny storytelling, and thumbnail-sketch war terror prove too much for this story of a beauty fighting beastliness.
There are simply way too many [poorly executed] moments ... to recommend this without serious reservations.
Honoring the bravery of a Polish couple who safeguarded nearly 300 Jews during World War II, this considered, muted drama can't escape a fussy tastefulness -- not to mention inevitable comparisons to more crackling treatments of similar subject matter.
Jessica Chastain and director Niki Caro bring a tenderness to The Zookeeper's Wife, but it's hurt by erratic pacing.
The movie's central figures and their experiences have been cleansed of complexity, embalmed in a sort of hagiographic glaze that makes even the pain look pretty.
Caro's movie fails to muster even a fraction of the suspense such life-and-death material naturally demands.

@highlight

The Zookeeper's Wife has noble intentions, but is ultimately unable to bring its fact-based story to life with quite as much impact as it deserves.