Easily engages the viewer in the same fashion as the best of the romance genre.
With its laughable dramatic sequences and goofy supporting characters, this film is hard to dismiss as entertainment: a camp treat for comics as well as Usher fans.
It's clearly conceived solely as a star vehicle for the ubiquitous Usher and his washboard abs, with plot coherence and originality coming in somewhere lower in the pecking order.
It's not exactly atrocious, but it constantly makes you wonder why those involved couldn't find something better to do.
People richer than you get paid to come up with this stuff.
The failure is with a script as ungainly as it is and an oversimplified conception of American-Italian and black cultures.
In The Mix is not just mixed up, it is muddled.
This thing is as formulaically bland as the rest of its Tinseltown kind.
Nothing will save you from the pain of this film.
This movie is for die-hard Usher fans only. And by this I mean teen-age girls, who no doubt will enjoy this.
Let it be said that as an actor, Usher would probably make a pretty good zither player.
Usher, who has a squinty charm, is forced to display an infinite polite chivalry that would have shamed Sidney Poitier.
Played mostly as a drama but utterly devoid of tension, the film mainly comes across as recycled.
[A] one-dimensional romantic comedy that ... feels like an old-fashioned vehicle picture, the kind the big movie studios used to make in the 1930's and 40's just to bring in the fans of a particular actor or actress.
... pic is never too insulting to the viewer, and works up a fair amount of goodwill by the good graces of Usher's Will Smithian charisma and an extremely attractive filmmaking package ...
That the 27-year-old Usher isn't much of an actor is no surprise, but he's strikingly uncharismatic for someone who's been in the spotlight since he was six.
Usher's fans will enjoy his frequent wardrobe changes and a couple of scenes where he takes off his shirt, but it's hard to imagine how anyone who doesn't kiss his poster goodnight could get his or her money's worth from this film.
Rarely has a movie this harmless turned this tone-deaf in its last reel.
The jokes are worse ...
Not even likable leading man Usher can save this muddled mob comedy from a quick route to video shelves.
[A] dreadful romantic gangland drama...In The Mix is an on-screen, vapid Valentine's Day card to Usher's professional ego and the giddy-minded skirts.
In the Mix has clearly been made by people who want to make a few bucks off Usher, and who have seen a few Sopranos episodes.
A jumble of genres including mob melodrama, bodyguard romance and interracial love story, none of which is handled in a remotely satisfying manner.
I suggest Underwood be relegated to more Tremors sequels.
Not a word of it comes off as authentic, original or even particularly interesting as it trots out every African-American and Italian-American stereotype you can think of.
The depths of stupidity that Mix plunges to are alarming, even for something this intentionally insignificant.
The movie pitches itself as a modern-day Romeo and Juliet, but its execution is so lazy and inept that if the lovers were to die horribly it would come more as relief than tragedy.
If you don't buy into the idea that Usher is the foxiest brother ever to set foot on the screen, you are probably not the target audience for 'Mix,' since it has little else to offer except sizable servings of beefcake.
Even an R-rated directors cut wouldn't be enough to make me sit through In the Mix again.
Mix, however, never once veers from its main mission. That would be superstar as product placement.
we can hope that the steady march of progress will render this movie entirely worthless in the not-too-distant future.







@highlight

Fans may get a kick out of seeing Usher showcasing his charm on screen, but the movie itself is tone deaf and inconsequential, even by rom-com standards.