Some of the on-the-spot footage of the eccentric French thrillseeker's exploits truly boggle the mind (including a controversial stroll Petit once took across the Sydney Harbour Bridge).
Man on Wire is 80 minutes of white-knuckled suspense followed by a surprisingly emotional climax.
Exhilarating docu about high-wire feat has some edgy scenes.
...captures the mysterious beauty of Petit's obsession, without ever being so gauche as to 'explain' it.
The triumph of Man on Wire is its archival footage, including the stunning scenes of Petit dancing and tumbling 1,350 feet above the pavement. They put the most dizzying shots of The Dark Knight to shame.
The pains of the public eye are acknowledged just as much as the joy this artistic endeavour brought people.
Despite a known outcome, James Marsh's documentary offers sublime thrills - grafting the tense suspense of a heist film onto an existential dissection of artistic accomplishment and true friendship.
The tension builds incrementally, reaching almost unbearable heights at its dizzying climax.
click to read full review
It all makes for an absorbing, mischievously amusing yarn, whose climax unfolds with unexpected emotional force.
Interviewed today, Petit is a whale of a storyteller, and he recalls with relish the chilling details of that amazing day.
Man On Wire's cinematic tension that in the wire Philippe Petit balanced on as he walked between the Twin Towers in the history-making high wire stunt shown in this compelling documentary. The film's also a poignant memorial to the hallowed Twin To
Not only a fun heist movie but also a moving tale of spiritual uplift and beauty.
The details of how the event was planned and staged are fascinating, but a crucial element missing from the film is good cinematography of the actual event.
A feat like the one Philippe Petit pulled off deserves to be documented.
I would have found it easier to get emotionally invested in Le Coup (rather than abstractly awed) if I had a better sense of his coup de foudre.
Petit transforms his stories into mini-masterpieces of performance.
Man on Wire is absolutely breathtaking, a documentary as life-affirming as it is artistically intoxicating.
Present-day interviews and modern re-enactments provide the piece with its structure, but it's the awe-inspiring archival footage that makes this a giddy watch.
It's a great deal of fun, playing not unlike a crafty caper film with loads of spine-tingling suspense.
In this exhilarating, palm-moistening documentary by British filmmaker James Marsh (Wisconsin Death Trip), the twin towers are back to celebrate one of their finest moments.
Une oeuvre d'une puissance dramatique inouïe
The erasure of the towers adds poignance and irony to a documented event that is inherently thrilling and beautiful.
This is a fascinating account of a moment from history that will never be repeated.
A highly entertaining and extremely accessible film.
James Marsh's documentary is the story of the dreaming and scheming that went into the walk, which I hesitate to call a stunt. It seems too glib a word for a feat that inspired the poignant complex of emotions uncovered by Marsh's narrative.
Though we know how it ends, it unfolds with suspense. And though it lacks any discussion of the towers' destruction, it succeeds as a tribute to their birth.
It's a story worth telling, yes -- but after 90 minutes, it's hard not to wonder if the storyteller can talk about anything else.
By any rational gauge, Petit's WTC obsession was flat-out crazy, but Marsh takes a limpid, nonjudgmental view of it all.
This is the story of a group of conspirators bent on shocking humanity with an outrageous plot regarding the World Trade Center, a plot involving an act so mind-boggling it staggers the imagination.
Director James Marsh assembles this material into an offbeat but often unbearably exciting heist movie -- a white-knuckle ride of a thriller that can stand up against such classics of the genre as Rififi, Topkapi and Robbery.
Marsh uses a combination of interviews, film of Petit as a young man, authentic newsreels and enacted reconstructions to produce an unforgettable experience.
This film is a treasure.
The simplicity of Philippe's vision is intoxicating, as is his self-assurance.
It's a hell of a story, and Petit is a mesmerising storyteller, with an extravagantly poetic turn of phrase and the glittering eye of the Ancient Mariner.
Marsh stitches his story together with a seamless melding of interviews, stills, re-enactments and archival footage augmented by a wonderful score by Michael Nyman and the New York composer J. Ralph.
Sufferers from vertigo be warned: Man on Wire contains some of the most amazing scenes of hire-wire brilliance ever filmed.
Man on Wire is a film with everything: truth, drama, suspense, tension, sex, heartbreak, humour, crime and triumph
Part re-enactment, part archival home movie, part historical and part social document, the subject is ideal as a story more fantastic than fiction
As cops waited to arrest him, he laughed, kneeled, laid down on the wire and spoke with a seagull. Wonder if its name was Jonathan Livingston?
A film that's suspenseful, fun, inspiring and finally, even moving. In other words, see this movie.
A model of documentary storytelling, 'Man on Wire' is as gripping and suspenseful as a good heist film...
As the subject of James Marsh's brilliant documentary Man on Wire, Petit proves that there can be joy in doing what others would consider to be insane.
Petit is such an ebullient guy it's hard not to get sucked into his high-wire antics.
Are these people inspiring, talented stars, pursuing a difficult and dangerous athletic feat, or are there they disturbed nuts with a death wish? The film doesn't judge and doesn't take sides.
Marsh finds Petit is as puckish today as he was 34 years ago.
The film really puts you in the shoes of those New Yorkers who looked up from their daily lives one day and saw something utterly unimaginable.
Art and deviltry combine and permeate this ode to a man's dream.
It mines recent history in a way that makes it seem new and invigorating, reminding us of how wonderfully, blissfully deranged human behavior can be
James Marsh tells Petit's story, the most inspiring 'heist' in modern history, a Frenchman's stroll between two 110 story buildings in lower Manhattan.
In archival photos Petit seems to float between the towers, a tiny black figure against a vivid blue sky; the images are all the more poignant for the unstated fact that Petit is still around when the buildings aren't.
Surprisingly thrilling and enthralling, and it does give you an appreciation for the sort of enthusiasm and craziness that it took for them to have done this in the first place.
James Marsh's remarkable documentary is a reminder that in a rigid world filled with rules and regulations, true beauty can come from the most indefinable of acts.
Director James Marsh approaches this subject with a childlike sense of wonder in his documentary, delighting in the skulduggery behind the event.
If Man on Wire were fiction it would be hailed as a terrific suspense film, a fascinating character study and an awesome spectacle. But it's true, which makes it all the more remarkable.
Man On Wire is an engrossing film that captures the imagination and never ceases to entertain.
We know it didn't end with Petit falling to his death, but darned if it isn't still compelling to see the caper laid out.
The story that looks back at the incident plays like a great caper film. The operation to get into the tower and string the wire was a combination of ingenuity, planning and exquisite timing since the top of the building was still a construction site.
More, Marsh manages to capture the imagination and make it soar to heights you usually only associate with powerful Grade-A literature, not with a documentary feature.
Maintains a sense of excitement and poetry.
Astonishing. Daring. Mind-boggling. Visually stunning. A true heart-stopper. And, oh yeah, the movie's pretty good, too.
A talking-heads documentary has no business working as a nerve-wracking thriller, but here we have Man on Wire....one of the most exciting movies to come out all year.
Petit himself is a bundle of energy, passion, and enthusiasm as he describes his dreams and the nuts and bolts details of achieving it. Marsh lets the story play out like a heist film.
grasps just what it means to be human and to express it fully
Fascinating documentary with an added white knuckle component.
One of the most amazing cinematic experiences and achievements in terms of recreating a single event in history in the most comprehensive way.
The man is clearly a nut, but he's also a great storyteller with a heck of a story, and Man on Wire gives him a chance to tell it.
It's a rare tale of dangerous obsession rapturously fulfilled, a reminder that even the most quixotic of undertakings can knock over a windmill now and then.
The word 'documentary' doesn't begin to do justice to [director] Marsh's achievement.
Spellbinding, and a model of the documentary form.
This movie about Petit's achievement is a gust of fresh air, offering the inner workings of a lark that put a man's life at risk -- and also made him immortal.
A documentary about a towering act of daring proves a spine-tingling memorial to recklessness as art.
A gift of a documentary.
Man On Wire is surprising and entertaining, an unexpected adventure story for the modern world.
A definite candidate for documentary of the year.
They say that seeing is believing, but Man on Wire will make you doubt what your eyes are telling you -- it really will -- as you shake your head in amazement and awe.
There's nothing on movie screens now that can compare with the footage of Petit's performance.
The recollections of Petit and his crew, as well as cleverly staged re-creations of the illicit preparations for the walk, form the backbone of Marsh's compelling and at times awe-inspiring film.
Man on Wire, the delightful documentary about French tightrope walker Philippe Petit's incroyable early-morning trip between the World Trade Center towers in 1974, is an interesting film to watch from the front row.
Man on Wire should be watched on the biggest screen possible; it's an utterly thrilling exploration of one man's mad dream.
Mesmerizing, heart-stopping and overpoweringly beautiful.
This film is a celebration of human achievement; it soars with the promise that we are shackled to the ground only by lack of imagination and will.
Part of what makes Man on Wire so enthralling, and so entertaining, is the filmmaker's skill in laying out the illegal caper's logistics, mainly through interviews with Philippe and his support team.
Engrossing...rich and visually well-documented telling of a fascinating story.
Man on Wire is another refreshing film from 2008 that proves that even if Hollywood is running out of ideas, we can still count on documentaries.
[Petit is] such an impassioned and energetic interview subject that it's remarkable that someone didn't make Man on Wire earlier.
Exhilarating and engrossing
Constructed like a first-rate thriller.
[Director] Marsh creates a transfixing documentary feature that doubles as a celebration of one man and an elegy to two buildings that are no more.
[A] heart-stopping, knee-buckling and transcendent account.
The film's soaring climax becomes surprisingly emotional thanks to testimony from those lucky enough to have witnessed it.
A documentary every bit as entertaining and rebellious as the real life figure at its center.
Beautifully put together, it is every bit as suspenseful as even the best Hollywood heist films, which is even more remarkable when you consider that we know, from the first frame, that Petit will survive.
Robert Zemeckis is developing a feature film based on Petit's life and high crimes. Good luck to all concerned, but I can't see how a fictionalized treatment could exceed the achievement of director James Marsh's documentary, which unfolds like a dream.
Outrageously entertaining and perfectly profound.
A fascinating time capsule: a combination of talking-head interviews, actual footage, and re-creations that evokes a kinder, gentler world and provides insight into one of the most audacious stunts of the 20th century.
...a must see movie, period.
Without bombast or pathos -- as gracefully as a tightrope walker -- Man on Wire brings back a time when the towers were still symbols of aspiration and possibility.
Cleverly assembled like a heist thriller, this film documents the 1974 wire-walking stunt between the twin towers of the World Trade Center. Not only does it have a remarkable resonance seven years after 9/11, but it's a cracking good story.
Marsh presents Petit as a kind of acrobatic Werner Herzog, talented, eccentric and perhaps slightly crazy.
Deftly balancing honesty, poignancy, sensationalism and humour, it's a palm-sweating story - and the excitable Petit is a born storyteller.
James Marsh's film is brilliantly achieved and assembled.
The astonishing tale, told like a well-paced heist movie, is illustrated by film footage and breathtaking photographs taken by the group.
Gripping stuff, for sure, but you may fall asleep waiting for that big walk, while the juicy stuff - a fall-out between Petit and his co-conspirators - is glossed over at the end.
Marsh's film is an achievement in itself, beautifully constructed and carried off; and that's only fitting when his subject epitomises the soul-lifting power of that perpetual human hunger to do the impossible.
Marsh ably captures the irresistible story of a visionary and a dreamer, a man who was defined by this one act. If there's one gripe, it's a shame there's no film footage of Petit conquering the towers.
It's an incredible story, and in Man on Wire, Marsh has made a documentary that's worthy of his walk.
I've watched this film four times and I still can't believe what he did or what I'm seeing. Each viewing intensifies the galvanising joy and the heartbreakingly unrepeatable nature of his walk.
What Marsh shows us is Petit's childlike innocence and almost transcendental faith: faith in himself, faith in his leadership abilities, faith that the escapade would be a success, and faith that he would not fall.
The attacks of 9/11 are never mentioned, and rightly so - this is a film about the life of the towers, not the death. But their inevitable destruction gives the movie a poignant weight, and reminds us of a time when they weren't morbid geopolitical symbol
Much of Marsh's focus is on the practical details and build up of the caper, but the last third stretches out for poetic resonance.
A quietly inspirational true-life tale of a larger-than-life oddball told with measure and restraint.
A generous, visionary gesture supplanting the communal memory of the site's unspeakable horrors with an image of human achievement that's head-spinning, heart-leaping in its absurd purity.
Mike Martin - Man On Wire is an amazingly emotional journey to the heart of one man's constant battle with his mortality.
Recounting the simple story of a complicated character, this scales giddy emotional heights, revealing a portrait of a man teetering on the brink, in more ways than one...
James Marsh's rollicking documentary Man on Wire asks not 'Why?' but 'How the hell?'
This is a documentary that speaks for itself, so mind-blowing is Petit's feat that words do not do it justice.
Admirable in not pandering to World Trade Center gut sentiment, the James Marsh 'Man on Wire' details Philippe Petit's 1974 wirewalk between the 110-storey structures.
A celebration of athleticism, architecture, random beauty and crazy ambition.
Warning: this film will produce vertigo.
Properly promoted -- this festival fave will have crossover crowds on the edges of their seats, as well.
Director James Marsh's hypnotic movie documents French wire walker Philippe Petit's unauthorized, 45-minute balancing act 110 stories above New York in August 1974.
[An] engrossing and exhilarating documentary Man on Wire, which uses vintage footage, interviews and re-creations.
The film runs 95 minutes, and you'll be holding your breath for most of them.
Thorough, understated and altogether enthralling documentary.
Sits alongside "The Thin Blue Line" and "Hoop Dreams" as a non-fictional narrative which changes the rules of its genre.
...cheekily irreverent.
The resolution may not surprise, but the journey surely will, resulting in a magnificent, often breathtaking document of a man who desired a moment to touch the heavens. Literally.
A compelling and subtle documentary about Philippe Petit's sensational walk on a wire between the World Trade Center Twin Towers in 1974 and the missteps he made on earth afterwards.
[A] breathtaking documentary about that mad-genius coup achieved over three decades ago.
What ultimately reverberates is [the film's] potent central association between Petit's endeavor and the Twin Towers' erection.
Armed with the standard operating tools of documentary filmmaking, James Marsh leads audiences through Petit & Co.'s preparation and execution of this incredible feat of performance art.
As the film traces how he plotted his Word Trade Center walk, it starts to feel almost like a heist movie, as Mr. Petit and his cronies map out each minute detail over the course of month.
Marsh's film may not probe very deeply into Petit's character, or try to conjecture what his accomplishment means in a post-9/11 environment, but it does make for a wonderful caper, which is exactly how Petit envisioned it.
Builds a remarkable degree of suspense...and along the way it manages a good deal of humor and charm as well.
Part caper movie, part real-life superhero saga, and entirely engrossing.
An exhilarating film for the ages not to be missed, either for its enlightening peek inside the elite mind of an extraordinary individual or for its ethereal tribute to the Twin Towers.
Man on Wire becomes a thrilling study in contrast, succeeding not only at extolling Philippe's superhuman performance but attesting to the achievements of those who similarly defied death to give the man the stage he walked on.
Brilliantly directed, hugely entertaining documentary that tells a genuinely stunning story and paints a fascinating portrait of an extraordinary man.
A riveting portrait of the unusually obsessed, gifted, charismatic and downright gutsy Petit.
Acrophobics beware: just watching Philippe Petit walk across Twin Towers will make you dizzy.
A giddy dream, a suspenser, a harrowing surreal comedy of the possible--like Dog Day Afternoon told by Amelie.
Even if what the very idea of such a stunt gives you is a knot in your stomach rather than a lump in your throat, Man on Wire is pure delight.
Context is crucial for this stranger than fiction docu: It's impossiblle to watch Marsh's exciting chronicle of a unique adventure in the summer of 1974 without thinking of 9/11 and its aftermath.
No amount of description can transmit the passion and joy in this wonderful picture, assisted by a lyrical musical score by composer Michael Myman. See this movie.
In a city synonymous with hustle and bustle, the image of a stony-faced Frenchman gracefully dancing across a wire suspended between the Twin Towers, with no safety net or harness, is an overwhelmingly beauteous juxtaposition.
Delightful and finally transcendent documentary.
A great example of truth being better than fiction---a combination of "Mission Impossible", Billy Wilder's "Spirit of St. Louis" and Charlie Chaplin's "Modern Times."
A surprisingly entertaining, poignant documentary about the most notorious high-wire walk ever.
Man on Wire is thrilling in a way few documentaries about such a light subject ever get to be.
Exhilarating... a crowd-pleaser in such witty, poetic ways that even an art-house curmudgeon couldn't deny its tidy vigor.
James Marsh's Man on Wire erupts onscreen as one of the most wildly entertaining docs of recent years.
Petit showed us that a dream, no matter how risky or dangerous, is often its own reward. It's an important lesson, but one that's obviously easy to forget, and Man on Wire is a stunning reminder.
It's magical stuff.
It is one of the most suspenseful, white-knuckled films of the year.




@highlight

James Marsh's doc about artist Phililppe Petit's artful caper brings you every ounce of suspense that can be wrung from a man on a (suspended) wire.