The power of Rocky lies in its audacity in breaking free of currently fashionable despair and paranoia in order to shout from the rooftops: "The American Dream works!"
Like the movies of Frank Capra, Rocky is a glowing tribute to the human spirit - a chin-up reminder that the decent, little guys of the world often accomplish the impossible if only because they try so hard.
In addition to a heart-warming script, Stallone has created on the screen a character of enormous appeal and charm - half-articulate but funny, gruff but good-hearted.
[VIDEO ESSAY] "Rocky" struck a nerve with American audiences at the time because it spoke directly to a '70s era lower middle-class dream of success that has since been exploded into a billion pieces.
The real deal, offering a raw, gritty feel that none of the slicker sequels even attempted to replicate (with the possible exception of the final film).
This triple-Oscar-winning boxing drama is shot through with genuine impassioned commitment, born of the fact that Sylvester Stallone realised that this was his best hope of stardom.
It's Sly's droopy-eyed, hangdog/underdog that carries Rocky's tale of transformation. He's no oil painting, no blue-eyed hero. He's not supposed to make it -- and that makes us instantly connect with him.
A crowning achievement in Sylvester Stallone's career as a writer and a performer...
Sylvester Stallone [is] as likable as a basset hound.
One of the greatest, if not the greatest, feel good movies of all time.
The story is achingly familiar, and though Stallone has a certain power, he is certainly not the subtlest actor to crawl out from under Marlon's overcoat.
It's all here: the famous Bill Conti fanfare, the 'Gonna Fly Now' training montage, the inevitable 'David and Goliath' climax. [Blu-ray]
transforms the gritty realities of economic hardship and personal desperation into a celebration of individuality and determination without sinking into mushy sentimentalism
Sly's best pic winner sets underdog-hero standard.
Stallone proves that when given the right material he can act with the best of them. His turn as Rocky Balboa is not only the best performance of that year, but it is also one of the best performances in the history of the silver screen.
There are occasional flashes that the film may be patronizing the lower end of the blue-collar mentality, as much if not more than the characters who keep putting Rocky down on the screen. However, Avildsen is noted for creating such ambiguities.
A great example of underdog sports cinema.
This is really Sly's movie as he slugs his way through a heartfelt performance and delivers some cracking punches, both literally and emotionally.
Rocky retains its power to enthrall ... a quieter movie than some may remember.... It's worth seeing again, for what it was, before it was betrayed by it's less intelligent, testosterone-soaked progeny.
A dunce who can fight with a contagious likability: Now that's American.
Marty like romance tale with boxing gloves.
Better films have been made about the world of sports, but for many Rocky is the sports movie.
I wanted to like it more than I did, but it'll do.
A paint-by-numbers inspirational sports film.
...there's simply no denying the film's overall effectiveness...
A "guy movie" mega-classic that's really gotten better with age.
An extremely old-fashioned, if also intermittently enjoyable, sports drama that mixes elements of Marty as well as numerous prize-fighting pictures like The Cahamp, Golden Boy, and Somebody Up There Like Me.
Rocky is an old-fashioned fairytale brilliantly revamped to chime in with the depressed mood of the '70s.
Easily the best underdog movie ever made!
Suffers from age somewhat, somewhat like Mr. Balboa himself theses days, but still wallops.
It's sometimes hard to remember what a great film the original Rocky is because its reputation has been hurt by too many unnecessary sequels.
The screenplay of Rocky is purest Hollywood make-believe of the 1930's, but there would be nothing wrong with that, had the film been executed with any verve.
A description of it would sound like a cliche from beginning to end. But Rocky isn't about a story, it's about a hero. And it's inhabited with supreme confidence by a star.
Stallone thoroughly owns the movie with his groggy, downbeat delivery and sense of indomitability.
Sylvester Stallone's performance is sheer magic; an authentic and touching portrait of a loser who becomes a winner in the things that matter.
Though far from a masterpiece, the first Rocky (1976) still feels fresh and miraculous, a true Cinderella story making Sylvester Stallone a worldwide star.
Ay, yo! This movie, like, rocks, yo!!
Stallone is perfect in the ultimate boxing flick.
Look past the sequels to see something special in Sylvester Stallone's boxing classic.
Rocky is a real crowd-pleaser, not because it manipulates the audience but because it has heart.
Fight pictures being rare, Rocky succeeds as an offbeat entry by combining a Cinderella story with a rich character study of a man who boxes because he doesn't know much else.
Give Stallone credit for going the distance in this film and not going down
As perfect a fit of star to role as any in cinematic history.
The memorable combination of the torturous gym workouts, the runs through the streets of Philadelphia and the carcass-beating in the abattoir all combine beautifully as Balboa trains 'to eat lightning and crap thunder'.
The escapist ideal: it has one foot in our world and the other in the dreamland of opportunity...
The basic storyline has been done to death over the years; this is still one of the most effective and successful applications of the formula.
Tells a timeless story about all the effort it can take to reach for someone else and how our most effective competition can sometimes be us, pushing ourselves to be the best.
Rocky (1976) is the phenomenally successful low-budget "sleeper" film that was filmed in a record twenty-eight days. Its screenwriter and major star were both unknowns










@highlight

This story of a down-on-his-luck boxer is thoroughly predictable, but Sylvester Stallone's script and stunning performance in the title role brush aside complaints.