We Live in Public is the rare documentary film whose tapping of the American zeitgeist feels downright supernatural.
Timoner's laudable impulse to chronicle recent history is wasted on insipid overstuffed montages and redundant testimonials, skirting real engagement with the culture in favor of cover-story hooks.
...an almost disastrously uneven effort that might've been passable as a short but simply doesn't work as a full-length feature.
There's insight galore amidst this screwball tale, and many a profound implication for the lives we lead today.
You might not welcome the Panopticon with such open arms, but you can't dispute the fact that Harris saw it all coming long before most people did.
Josh Harris focuses the lens on himself. You probably have never heard of him. And when the film is over, you may wish you still hadn't.
A disturbing perspective on what the digital age has done to our individual perceptions of ourselves, but a fascinating study of a man on a mission...or two...
The big question is whether we're now living in a more pragmatic time.
A fascinating documentary about a life lived on the cutting edge of technology, and the definitive film about the net's own coming-of-age.
Mercifully, Harris has now run out of money, but I fear we haven't heard the last of him.
[Timoner's] film - cobbled together over 15 years - has grown so beguiled by its wonky, disquieting hero that it has lost its distance and mislaid all scepticism.
What Timoner has done for sure is assemble another documentary of monumental scope. She has a priceless knack for being in the right place at the right time, allied to a filmmaker's instinct for narrative, and a journalistic tenacity.
The director - who has documented Harris's activities for more than a decade - seems unaware of the irony inherent in making a documentary about a pathological exhibitionist.
Another bizarre, bewitching tale from those that make up life in, on and around the worldwide web.
Fascinating, disturbing, thought-provoking, darkly funny and just plain weird.
A fast-paced, entertaining movie, and it really makes us think.
We Live in Public is the kind of nonfiction film that seems to have been conceived to prove that truth is stranger than almost any fiction...
Ondi Timoner gives us a front row seat to emotional disintegration of dot-com millionaire and disgraced internet pioneer Josh Harris. Watching the social network short-circuit and the entire fabric of civility shred before your eyes can be very compelling
There is so much about We Live in Public that is mesmerizing, so much that is both shocking in its statement and knowing in its insight, that it's hard to take in at one sitting.
This is a remarkable film about a strange and prophetic man. What does it tell us? Did living a virtual life destroy him?
Midway through We Live in Public, one Quiet participant delivers the hard social lesson of cyberspace: "The more you get to know everyone, the more alone you become."
Timoner, who also directed the now-classic rocker doc Dig!, makes a bold and trenchant argument, via Harris' pseudomorphically perverse life, that we are all now "slaves to little boxes," and it's true, Tweetpeeps, isn't it?
Harris, who appears throughout in interview footage, is an interesting mix -- someone with a serious inability to connect with other people and yet at the same time someone with a consistent ability to see the future.
If anything, the film is a reflection of the Web zeitgeist, where observation comes easily but insight is rare. What saves the documentary from becoming a complete frustration is the sheer, stunning prescience of Harris.
A must see for anyone interested in internet fame and the phenomenon of casual over-sharing, even if the storytelling tactics are surprisingly stale.
Josh Harris might not have contributed as much to the Internet as Al Gore, but as Ondi Timoner's lively and chilling documentary reveals, he did embody its excesses of narcissism and puerility.
Like Timoner's DIG!, this astounding new docu burrows into the thin and darkly funny spaces between artistry and vanity, isolation and community, collaboration and exploitation, sanity and madness.
...rough-cut but fascinating.
Portrait of an egomaniac capitalizing on technology remains plenty valuable as a peek into the past that few would want to see become the future.
There must be a reason why, after all these year, Timoner chose to make a movie about Harris. If you figure it out, please let me know.
Josh Harris: Internet prophet or fascist dream merchant?
A snapshot of several New York eras that coincide with the Internet's growing pains.
We Live in Public looks at one man's experiments with issues of privacy.
Generates contemplation about the ways widespread Internet use influences society within and beyond the dot.com community that developed it.
The internet indicted as a mind control tool subtly turning humanity into exhibitionistic automatons.
On that count, Timoner is correct: Harris is unduly obscure. But was what he accomplished really all that great?
may not say enough about modern life on the web and on camera, but ignore what it does say at your own peril.
The most creative, timely and relevant doc of the year.
Using archival material and footage Timoner herself shot over the previous ten years, We Live in Public would be fascinating by virtue of its subject alone.
What is disturbing is not Harris's self-absorbed insistence that his own emotional hobbling somehow reflects an overarching social-technological pattern, but, instead, Timoner's uncritical cinematic collusion.
"We Live in Public" is a cautionary look at how surveillance affects individuals. Far from the Wim Wenders's "End of Violence" premise, it could signify the end of the world as we know it.
Gives us some perspective on the way advanced society is headed: less private, more public.
A cinematic shot of Broadband to the brain.
The film has a train-wreck fascination about it.
We Live in Public moves with the groove of the rock-star atmosphere that surrounded the dot-com kid moguls of the '90s.




@highlight

This documentary about Josh Harris' surveillance-as-art project exposes the problems of privacy in the internet age and asks provocative questions about the power of ego in a place where everything is on display.