Andy Goldworthy's work deserves to be profiled in this breathtaking, beautiful, and fascinating look in to nature, the creative process, and of an unassuming artist...
If the film lets Goldsworthy overexplain what's happening, it also affords ample to time to languidly take in the imagery and let its beauty and simplicity speak for itself.
An absorbing portrait of a unique artist's professional and personal communion with nature.
His work reminds us of an artist's true focus: a meditative commitment to discovery, creativity, and the enhancement of God's own invention.
Rivers and Tides: Andy Goldsworthy Working with Time is an extraordinarily spiritually literate documentary about one of the world's greatest nature artists.
A wondrous look at an artist and his work with lots of joyous surprises.
Hypnotic.
A beautiful, probing art documentary.
When it's at its most self-aware, Rivers and Tides precociously tweaks the pessimist's view of art as an exercise in futility.
Most of Goldsworthy's work is impermanent, but Rivers and Tides captures, permanently, both the art and the artist, showing us a creative, productive life in the process of being well-lived.
The film doesn't just explain Goldsworthy's vision -- it brings us closer to seeing the world through his eyes.
Rivers and Tides is subtle and meditative almost to a fault ... So it's fortunate that the film is relatively short and that its subject -- Andy Goldsworthy, a Scottish sculptor known for working with nature -- is so fascinating.
A documentary that introduces us to an artist whose work is full of contradictions -- contradictions that spill over into the act of watching the movie.
You will want someone to talk to about the film and acknowledge the marvels you saw.
The artistry of Thomas Riedelsheimer's film perfectly compliments Goldsworthy's art.
A lovely, curiously inspiring appreciation of Goldsworthy's unusual artistic vision.
It is impossible to be unmoved by both the beauty of artist Andy Goldsworthy's work and his undying commitment to it.
Goldsworthy is meticulous, eccentric, and very talented. Who knows? This may just inspire you to lie down in the road and make 'rain angels'.
[Goldsworthy's] art is meant to be evanescent, like the nature he reveres. We are privileged to see it documented by the filmmaker's camera.
Mr. Goldsworthy's work is meant to be photographed -- 'photography is the way that I talk about my sculptures,' he says -- and Mr. Riedelsheimer rises to the occasion.
A memorable account of an artist's life, achievements and sacrifices.
Riedelsheimer constructs staunch compositions using a photographer's eye as good as Goldsworthy's, of which truly focus on the art and the artist's persistence and creativity.
Andy cuts an eccentric but likeable figure genuinely at a loss to explain where his inspiration comes from.
Assumes a meditative, Zen-like quality that sends the viewer floating away, like a leaf.
Goldsworthy's art is magical, and the cinematography is outstanding
Like Goldsworthy's art, it is primal, transcendent and truthful.
We grab at beauty while simultaneously realizing it never can be possessed, a feeling brilliantly captured in this thoughtful and rewarding movie.
The sort of film that sounds completely kooky until you see it. At which point it's still pretty kooky, but you realize just how cool kooky can still be.
The greatest triumph of the film is Riedelsheimer's ability to offer the audience the artist's perspective.
Beautiful photographt contextualizes his ephemeral artwork; but shows us little of the "crazy like an OCD fox" stirrings that take him there.
It's a film for those who want to see an artist unobtrusively seeking enlightenment.
Riedelsheimer captures this aspect of Goldsworthy's work and holds up a many-faceted mirror to its beauty. That is what ultimately makes the film so seductive.
I often found myself catching my breath during Rivers and Tides, partly because of the Jengalike delicacy of Goldsworthy's work.
Watching Goldsworthy painstakingly piece together his artwork, we come to realize that his artistry lies as much in the act of creation as in the fleeting final product.
... a spellbinding study of Andy Goldsworthy, a Scottish land-sculptor who creates location-specific work using only the organic vegetation and minerals found in his "studio."
A calm and lovely film that audiences hungry for beauty will likely devour with their eyes.
A mesmerizing and curiously satisfying idyll that gradually, slyly maneuvers us into a whole new way of looking at the delicate relationship between man, art and Mother Nature.
The trouble with this art movie is that it's more a movie than it's art.
Watch this film. You may never look at nature indifferently again.
Goldsworthy's approach to his art speaks volumes to me ... [his] works find their value in the changing moments of their existence.
A truly beautiful, insightful movie that captures the nature of this artist who forms art out of nature.
Watching this movie is like daydreaming.
I know of no documentary on a contemporary artist that conveys so much about the artist's work so lyrically and directly.
A cinematic tone poem that asks viewers to reexamine their relationship with both the word 'art' and the forms that we've sanctioned for its exploration and expression.
If you're going to see Rivers and Tides, don't think of it as going to the movies. Think of it as a visit to an art gallery.
An occasionally enthralling documentary.
May have been more effective if the film had focused more on the stunning visuals and less on the weird New Age stuff flying out of Goldsworthy's mouth.
Intoxicating and meditative by turns, helped by Fred Frith's minimalist score, this film opens a portal into a singular creative mind.
Very few art documentaries are as deeply in tune with the spirit of their subjects, and the implications are enormous, since Goldsworthy is the rare contemporary art star whose work (what a radical notion) is actually about something.
It made me smile a lot.
Even after seeing Rivers and Tides, there's still a lot we don't know about how he works.
Rivers and Tides extols Andy Goldsworthy's vision of creating art from and in nature and does it with painstaking care.
Andy Goldsworthy lives and breaths art with a genius for reflecting nature back upon itself. Riedelsheimer's stunningly beautiful document of the purity of an artist reflects his own artistry.
You can easily lose yourself in Goldsworthy's absolutely gorgeous compositions.
An engaging introduction to the sculptor's work.
Sensitive and stimulating documentary.
Thoughtful and entertaining documentary.
German filmmaker Thomas Riedelsheimer's breathtakingly beautiful profile of Scottish earthworks-artist Andy Goldsworthy forgoes the conventional biographical approach but captures something far more elusive.
As the film's images accumulate, the movie becomes a sustained and ultimately refreshing meditation on surrender to the idea of temporality.
[It's] not only a tribute to Goldsworthy's work but also a kind of animated gallery -- a showcase for a uniquely elusive art.
Goldsworthy is mostly fascinating, occasionally exasperating, and so is Riedelsheimer's film.
It's a plaintive, poetic and beautiful explanation of an artist at work.
A tranquil experience.
It's a beautiful, meditative piece that allows the viewer his or her own time to think and discover.
A mesmerizing movie that is so incredibly tranquil and uniquely lovely that it is an artistic creation itself.







@highlight

Andy Goldsworthy and his art are beautifully captured in this engaging documentary.