Perhaps this was a video game or a straight action flick this would have been a better movie.
Weak acting, unfocused directing and an overall very phoney feeling make for a film that is seriously misguided.
"The Warrior's Way" is a horribly ill-conceived idea that tries to blend Eastern and Western cinema, but all it ends up doing is creating a disaster that's filled to the brim with enough clichés to make your head spin.
As a bit of cheesy Asian cinema, it works, but it didn't quite translate into a western without looking a bit like a Jonah Hex sequel.
It's stupid in a way you won't really hate, provided you're already in the mood for a terrible rehash of cliches from a hundred other martial arts movies and Westerns.
full review at Movies for the Masses
There is a tragic craft to how one manages to make a film about 'the greatest swordsman who has ever lived' as boring as The Warrior's Way.
Simple video game-style action sequences with bad dialogue.
A visually rich but lumbering, narratively confused genre hybrid, The Warrior's Way feels like a wildly missed opportunity for East-meets-West action mayhem.
'The Warrior's Way' is one hot mess of a movie. It has the best cinematography of the year, hands down. It has ninjas, clowns and cowboys doing battle.
Starts strong, ends with a slick tableaux and in between disappoints with a steady acceleration that not even a quietly charismatic performance by star Dong-Gun Jang, nor the image of a clown with a gun during the film's climactic shoot-out, can surmount
Succeeds in cutting out a distinct visual flourish amid a bland cinematic landscape.
While the movie seems designed to be a breakout for Jang, it's Lee whose work actually makes an impression. You guess he'll be back - hopefully, playing it straight next time.
Though the film oozes visual appeal (many action sequences are rendered with comic-book vibrancy), it's short on insight and long on cliché.
The Warrior's Way is an odd duck of a movie - and that doesn't even include the wire-fu/Western combination.
A Samurai warrior in a gunfight? There's something wrong with this picture.
The film's details suggest potential for a lively, bizarre, action-comedy cult classic. It just never comes together the way it needs to.
The ingredients here congeal into a gooey mess that is not without amusing moments.
The Warrior's Way never achieves awesomeness, mostly because it never fully embraces its elementary-school playground aesthetic.
[The] action sequences are clear and snappy, with the ante forever being upped for the unbelievably explosive climax.
While the film claims dazzling visuals, Lee fails to deliver the type of never-before-seen martial arts fights fans demand.
To damn his agreeable campfest with faint praise, The Warrior's Way is easily the best circus-themed, martial-arts-heavy action-comedy oater of the year.
As awkward a fusion as the title is generic.
My three-word synopsis is my three-word review...cowboys and ninjas.
Your first clue that you're about to see the worst flick of 2010 is the TWO Nicholas Cage trailers you endure before the movie even starts.
"That was completely retarded, and I would absolutely watch it again." Indeed.
An overwrought, highly-stylized, visually surreal, cliche-filled, wild and wacky kung-fu fantasy.
If you can't figure out why a clown shooting a ninja is forty kinds of awesome, it's not going to waste time explaining it to you.
Set in a fantastical ghost town with a resident circus troupe and filmed on studio sets, it looks like a Sergio Leone epic as staged by Fellini, or by Lars von Trier.
The Warrior's Way is a visually inspired multi-genre amalgamation, a borderline-surreal folly that suggests a martial-arts action-adventure co-directed by Sergio Leone and Federico Fellini.
There isn't a shred of subtlety in their clowning -- or in any part of the movie, which clumsily shoots for operatic highs and lows. But with so many borrowed bits and pieces, the only feeling it successfully evokes is déjà vu.
Lee revels in the poetry of carnage -- movie carnage -- and despite 360 splatter shots and bouquets of severed heads somehow makes it all seem more kiss-kiss, bang-bang than damaged, or damaging.
South Korean filmmaker Sngmoo Lee's debut feature is less a genre-spanning romp than a tiresome lab experiment in computer-generated tropes and green-screen oppressiveness.
Aided by a wonderfully ersatz spaghetti western score, Lee's cranked-to-11 curio is a shameless, sharply written (secondary villain Danny Huston gets an exit line for the ages), thankfully unironic chunk of fun.
...a Gigli-level, what-were-they-thinking disaster that may nonetheless find a cult following among lovers of magnificent misfires.
If Sergio Leone ever made an Asian-western video game, this would be it. And I say that with a certain sense of joy.
If it's the warrior's way to have Kate Bosworth performing a mediocre Annie Oakley, aw-shucking the bejesus out of her lines as if she were paid by the exclamation point, then the warrior's way ... is no way at all.
Yeah, it's nuts. No, it's not that much fun. Action comedy, Asian sword slasher pic or martial arts mystical mumbo jumbo, this warrior never quite finds his way.
Wedged somewhere between the furious imaginations of Tsui Hark and Sergio Leone, the feature is an idiosyncratic ode to pure screen heroism thwarted by the junky instincts of its untested writer/director.

@highlight

Perfectly, thoroughly divisive, The Warrior's Way will either be delightful or unbearable, depending on your tolerance for surreal, shamelessly over the top collisions of eastern and western clichés.