Bond is back. Bond is beefy. And the new Bond is blond. Daniel Craig has comfort ably slipped into the tuxedo, size 007, and left audiences shaken and stirred.
When Bond kills an adversary in a hotel stairwell, the violence is nasty and brutal - and you feel bystander Vesper's shock and revulsion too. She doesn't merely wince and get over it, as so many of her predecessors did; she's clearly traumatised.
Casino Royale is exactly what the franchise needs to keep in the game against the Bournes and Missions: Impossible of the world.
This is a much more serious Bond than we've seen in many years. Daniel Craig inhabits the dark side of the secret agent really well, he is absolutely the best Bond since Connery.
Craig's humanised, more flawed interpretation of the role balances Campbell's physical direction and co-writer Paul Haggis's sparing wit, while Eva Green provides an alluring love interest.
I think this is a very intelligent film for a Bond film, and certainly one of the most enjoyable.
This is a Bond movie, and everything comes back to him and the actor who plays him. The filmmakers took a big gamble on Daniel Craig and on a script that updates everything. This time, the gamble paid off.
The screenwriters have brought Bond back toward the book.
Why see yet another James Bond movie? Because Casino Royale, Martin Campbell's rewiring of the series, is a real movie, and not just a James Bond movie.
The ace up the film's sleeve is Craig's foil, Eva Green, playing Vesper Lynd, the British accountant assigned to bankroll Bond's escapades. Calling her a Bond Girl would be an oversimplification.
Unlike recent Bonds, whose kills had no more weight than the one-liners that generally accompanied them, Craig's tend to be intimate, bloody, and devoid of glamour.
Casino Royale mostly succeeds as an introduction to a badder Bond than ever. When Craig's Bond finally dons a tuxedo and checks himself in a mirror, it's like watching Darth Vader first put on the helmet, a neo-iconic sight.
It's as close to Fleming's books as we've seen since the early days of Sean Connery. And it's darker, for sure, and more brutal than almost all of the movies.
A film that strips most of the glamour and escapism from Bond, but remains the truest and toughest instalment yet.
Daniel Craig, an excellent actor, has more than earned his Walther PPK.
Casino Royale takes us back to basics. To a leaner production and to a Bond who looks like he can do serious damage
The result is a satisfyingly gritty tale, more grounded in reality than many entries in the franchise.
Basically, Craig's Bond is a new and individual creation.
Craig brings beef, biff and a slightly lonely dimension to the character. He's a fine actor and he has some of the working-class bile of the young Michael Caine. A new James Bond has certainly arrived.
The pay off is pay dirt.
For fans of the no-nonsense, rugged sexuality of the Sean Connery original model, Craig is the heir to that hallowed throne.
While Craig owns the movie, he gets much capable support. Green's Bond babe believably has more on the ball than many of her predecessors, while Dench, returning as M, Bond's boss, has perfected her sighs of exasperation.
GOLDFINGER? SHMOLDFINGER! CASINO ROYALE is the best James Bond movie to date. Not only that, but it is also one of the best action movies ever made. And now, has become one of my favorite films. This is a classic.
A streamlined back to basics approach for Bond that hits all the right marks in rejuvenating the franchise for a new generation.
A muscular, wildly successful attempt to strip the lucrative James Bond franchise back to basics.
Let's say straight off that Craig is very good indeed: everything about his performance shows cunning and grace.
Casino Royale is a welcome break from the past and a strong and entertaining film in its own right, proving the continuing viability of Fleming's creation 50 years after his inception.
It left me stirred, if not shaken.
Daniel Craig brings originality James Bond, playing the super spy as ruthless, arrogant and cocky, but also bringing much more depth and emotion than any other actor before him.
A Bond for our times, indeed
Every era gets the James Bond it deserves. Ours gets a Bond who's strong and forceful but also reckless and arrogant, who blunders into tricky situations in Third World countries and makes a bloody mess of things.
A strong, well defined story, some unexpected betrayals and hidden corners, sensational locations and an absence of gadgets make Casino Royale a right royal Bond movie.
Gritty and thrilling, Casino Royale has it all - action, glamour, spectacular locations and a new Bond that is above all, vulnerable.... Whether you can follow the Texas Hold 'Em poker game, it matters not.
... a tense, gripping thriller mercifully free of the baggage of the previous Bond flicks, Casino Royale takes the essentials of Ian Fleming's novel and updates them for the 21st century, seamlessly adding the requisite big screen action ...
Good to have you back, 007.
Bond as a human being? Who'd'a'thunk?
Craig does OK in the role; no one has ever matched Sean Connery's steely insouciance, but he comes closer than most.
The last words onscreen read: "James Bond Will Return!" Of course he will. The difference is that for the first time in years, we actually want him back.
Gone are the clichés of recent Bond adventures - the too-clever quips, the loveless conquests, the gaudy gadgetry and the BMW-sponsored sports cars. 'Casino Royale' ambitiously explores the origins of the character's pathos, stripping him of all the
Casino Royale isn't simply the best Bond film in years. It is one of the best Bond films ever.
A great restart for the series
Casino Royale has the answers to all my complaints about the 45-year-old James Bond series, and some I hadn't even thought of.
When you strip the 007 films down for action and "realism," you lose the soul of those old beloved Bond movies.
Takes us closer to the Bond that Fleming created. We see more vulnerable moments in him, more man than superman. And surprisingly, that makes the legend even stronger.
This is James Bond before sassy self-awareness set in, and it rattles the cages more than any number of explosions could in letting us know why he's still relevant today.
I hope Craig finds more moments like that in Bond. And I hope he gets to wear that tuxedo again and again and again.
In continuing to move the movie series forward with new ideas that don't lack respect for the old, they've made Bond relevant to a new generation.
I consider Daniel Craig to be the most effective and appealing of the six actors who have played 007, and that includes even Sean Connery.
Casino Royale is a great action movie, but it rises above the genre because of Daniel Craig's wonderfully fresh portrait of Bond and a great script. This is an exciting and engrossing, stand-on-line, see-on-a-big-screen, buy-the-popcorn-movie.
It works. Although it may be different, thanks to Craig it's the best Bond in decades.
The best Bond in years and one of the best of all time.
Craig is also the best Bond in the franchise's history.
'Casino Royale' finally restores 007 to his Cold War prowess.
Dudosamente sea la mejor de la serie, pero Daniel Craig le imprime a su James Bond una crudeza y humanidad interesantes.
This franchise is now energized and I can not wait for the next entry.
A praiseworthy production which all but renders the carefully-cultivated James Bond franchise unrecognizable, adding up to an exercise in frustration for purists expecting a familiar 007 spectacular.
Casino Royale es una gran cinta y un válido intento por rescatar a la franquicia de la fantasía y el marasmo irreal en que estaba sumida.
Caso a franquia mantenha o tom deste 21. filme, finalmente teremos um ator capaz de desafiar a posio que Sean Connery manteve com facilidade nas ltimas quatro dcadas: a de melhor intrprete de James Bond.
...as M informs Bond when he asks why he was assigned to the case he's on, "I knew you'd be you!" No matter how you look at it, "Casino Royale" is possibly the best Bond film ever made!
A Bond that's more hard-charging and unhinged than we're used to seeing, Craig is violent, but vulnerable, and still suave. And the filmmakers seem invigorated by the challenge of a stripped-down gadget-free action film.
Dashing good looks aside, Craig just might be the best actor ever to play the role ...
Casino Royale revives, rejuvenates and refreshes the series.... Watching it, you realize what it must have been like for 1962 audiences to experience Dr. No.
The film is an unsentimental departure for the series with an exciting performance in brawny Daniel Craig's debut
The first Bond film to actually prize three-dimensional characters and moral dilemmas over action-film flash.
Sean Connery, you'll always be Bond in my eyes. But Daniel Craig, you've brought a new look and feel to the legacy.
They re-invented the 007 wheel with Daniel Craig. He telegraphs 'girth.'
I don't know how long Craig intends to play Bond, but the job is his for as long as he wants it.
A muscular action film blissfully free of winking.
It's neither an exciting thriller nor an interesting study in character. And there is no memorable iconic moment featuring Bond, his baddies or his beauties, the kind that you take home from the cinema and that stays with you.
The best Bond yet.
They still have the bad guys and lots of action because you can't have Bond without all that, but you get more of a sense of the man behind the martinis.
The 21st Bond film is also the first truly worthy spin through the Bond universe since Roger Moore's goofy escapades of the late 70's/early '80s.
Junk Bond.
The new Bond understands loss, but focuses on revenge instead of grief. He's a hard body in a hard new world.
Daniel Craig is the best James Bond since Sean Connery in a movie that's sure to bring this franchise back to life.
Expertly directed, well acted, beautifully photographed.
Is this the best Bond ever? No. But it is the most confident, expertly crafted and simply exhilarating since For Your Eyes Only. The reason for that is Daniel Craig.
A smartly written, tautly acted dramatic thriller, but it's so long that it feels like we've watched an entire trilogy.
You get your money's worth with Casino Royale. It has all the necessary ingredients plus a spanking-new Bond -- whom even M has a bit of a crush on.
...a pulsating actioner wedged in edginess and slick wit. Intense, provocative, complicated and daringly impish...all add that much to this hard-edged "Bond"-ing brouhaha.
In Craig, Eon has found a Bond they can safely hang a franchise on. I encouraged the naysayers to give the guy a chance when he was cast, and I echo that sentiment now.
If you view the James Bond franchise as a train that's derailed, Casino Royale not only gets back on track, it then jumps over a canyon.
Ranks among the best Bond films produced over the past 44 years.
It has one element missing from almost every other action film being made today -- class.
...at a running time of 144 minutes (!) - a feat achieved primarily through the addition of needless action sequences - the movie can't help but come off as a relentlessly uneven piece of work.
...les aspects les plus farfelus de Bond ont été évacués, pour de bon espérons-le.
Daniel Craig is a fair-haired, bare-knuckle antidote to Pierce Brosnan. On the action-adventure level, it hits the bulls-eye.
Blond-haired or not, it's nice to know that James Bond hasn't lost a step as a new actor slips into the role.
Casino Royale maintains Bond on the same level quality-wise; it's good but not the great film I keep waiting for.
The greatest origin of drama in Casino Royale has nothing do with torture or espionage at all. Instead, it is the drama occurring inside Bond.
This is probably the best James Bond on film and probably the best James Bond film. Daniel Craig's James Bond is gritty and mean and a lot more real.
Okay, I was willing to reserve judgment until I saw the film, but now it's official ---- I don't like a blonde Bond!
Craig's portrayal shows the vulnerability of Bond without losing any of the virility.
The new James Bond movie, Casino Royale, is one of the best, most satisfying movies of the year -- and who saw that coming?
Craig, Paul Newman's fidgety son in Road to Perdition and excellent recently opposite Toby Jones in Infamous, gives his all to one of the most iconic roles in movie history.
The spy who gagged me.
Helmer [Martin] Campbell shows great skill with a huge cast, many locations and copious action sequences.
The best Bond film in over a decade and a welcome return to the darker, and more serious thriller subject matter that was a part of the Ian Fleming novels.
Daniel Craig is probably the best actor ever to take on the role ... more Steve McQueen than Cary Grant, closer to the bone.
Craig is actually a great choice for the new Bond persona of Casino Royale; it's the new spin on the character ... that leaves doubts.
This new James Bond, who really is the original James Bond, is an anti-hero who reflects who we are.
A gut-wrenching torture scene is just one reason why Daniel Craig deserves to become the first Bond ever to be nominated for a Best Actor Oscar.
Daniel Craig... with subtle expression and few words... [unveils] a sophisticated, intellectual, athletic, and yet (dare I use the word?) vulnerable James Bond.
Royale's amazing last scene had everyone in the audience clapping and cheering - at the same time the movie, just ends, with nothing really resolved, leaving you wanting more and waiting breathlessly for the next installment.
The defibrillator to the heart has worked wonders.
The new Bond is at least as good as perennial favorite Sean Connery in the role, and his first vehicle...is the bracing breath of fresh air Bond has been gasping for.
Though the Broccoli family... goofed by not jettisoning the old players behind the scenes, they made a smart decision with their new Bond.
Craig is the best thing about Casino Royale, which for all of its positive steps in the right direction could still use some more dusting off.
The film opens with a bang, only to flatline 30 minutes later.
Craig's Bond is to Roger Moore's as Michael Keaton's Batman is to Adam West's.
This, at last, is Bond stripped bare.
The man with the license to kill has become the man with the license to bore.
I'm actually looking forward to the next Bond film--something I didn't think I would ever say with a straight face.
I've never been totally enthralled with the Bond series, but if the films follow in the quality footsteps of Casino Royale, I can't wait to see Daniel Craig in another 007 adventure.
Call it "caveman vérité."
Casino Royale is the best Bond film in decades and the best in all honesty since Thunderball. It moves the franchise in an exciting new direction.
This is no omnipotent superspy. He's a government bagman, making messy problems disappear in equally messy ways.
The movie is agreeably free from bad puns, loony gadgets and daffy action set pieces that have our hero parasailing over glaciers.
There's clearly life in the old dog yet.
Welcome to the new world of MI6's most storied agent.
Craig is a marvel, but the decision to have Bond engaged in a game of Hold 'Em poker is a betrayal of the character and an embarrassing bit of pandering. Small detail, I know.
Crass product placement, implausible dialogue, plot points that drag on, Casino Royale has them all. The reason none of that really matters is Daniel Craig.
A definite see for Bonders like myself who can accept the hard-hitting Craig, Daniel Craig.
Casino Royale is a step in the right direction for the Bond franchise. But it's a small, tentative step.
This Bond is less urbane and the screenplay is short on wit:but the stunning physical action makes up for these flaws.
Who wants to see Bond learn a lesson about ego, as if he were Greg Brady in his 'Johnny Bravo' phase?
It's The Spy Who Came In From the Warmth.
[Craig's] portrayal feels grittier and more complex than previous 007s. This is also partly the result of a better script, by Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Oscar winner Paul Haggis, as well as top-notch directing by Martin Campbell.
Reservations aside, the film marks the beginning of a new phase in James Bond's history, and it promises to be a gripping one.
Gone or reshaped are most of the conceits that have made Bond movies seem like an exercise in parody and nostalgia.
With Craig in the role, a Bond film suddenly seems like something to be taken seriously.
Craig is marvelous, showing a depth and grit of character that easily makes him the most realistic Bond since Sean Connery.
It's not as bad as Die Another Day, and not up to the jolly mayhem of the best films in the series.
There's so much that's very right about Casino Royale -- from the knockout opening action sequence in Madagascar to the sizzling chemistry between Craig and Green -- that you leave the theater happily shaken and stirred.
Craig is right for this revision/revival, bullet-headed and ruggedly handsome, whose steely eyes are cold enough to suggest a remorseless killer, blue enough to do the other things that Bond must do.
See Casino Royale for a Bond you've never seen before, and then imagine him in a film two-thirds the size. Here's hoping the writers of the next Bond movie employ the same personal trainer that Craig did to keep the script tight and lean.
Casino Royale isn't perfect, but it's surprisingly entertaining, even exciting for long stretches, and Craig manages to find new dimensions to a character that had long ago become a tired caricature. Everything old is new again, indeed.
After seeing this performance one can only be excited at the prospect of watching Craig's Bond mature and change over the course of several films.
Don't read any of the reviews beforehand, including this one. Just go. The less you know about the film going in, the more fun it is to watch -- no hype, no expectations high or low, no preconceptions.
What, no jet packs? No world-conquering supervillains orbiting the planet? No preference for shaken martinis?
Now this is more like it.
Thankfully, the first film with Daniel Craig as Bond does have the more serious, earnest tone of the earliest Sean Connery films, which means less tomfoolery and silliness, and more action.
If the goal was to give Bond vivid new life, Casino Royale must be called a success. This Bond is not only licensed to kill but eager to get on with the job.
You don't need a weatherman to tell you the 21st installment in the franchise brings an invigorating chill to the air.
Not only is Craig by far and way the best Bond since Sean Connery, he will probably end up being even better with another Bond film or two under his belt.
Let the purists squawk: In Daniel Craig, the Bond franchise has finally found a 007 whose cruel charisma rivals that of Sean Connery.
In the film, Bond must gamble to survive and grow; the producers of this franchise did the same - and in both cases, the chips are up.
Is Bond back? Not completely; not yet. But Craig has taken the franchise off life-support, and it'll be interesting to see where he goes with it from here.
Daniel Craig is all THAT and a bag of chips. Kudos to the new Bond regime.
Craig is a thrilling Bond, maybe the best ever. For a girl raised on the glories of Sean Connery it must be admitted this guy fits the part top to bottom better than anyone who has come before.
Daniel Craig embodies the cold, callous, calculating Ian Fleming spy - and it all adds up to terrific escapist entertainment.
Everyone's favorite British agent is still good for a punch, a shag, and a quip...Casino Royale gives the reborn franchise a second chance to grow up.
Craig plays [Bond] a lot rougher than we're used to, giving us the sense of a street kid who got some breaks in getting an education and some polish...
Daniel Craig is the closest anyone has ever come to matching the original rugged scoundrel type that was pioneered by Sean Connery
The gamble was enormous, but in the end it pays off%u2026 big time.
I haven't dug a James Bond movie this much in about, oh, I don't know, forever.
There are a number of improvements in this movie over the previous films.
(Daniel) Craig makes an excellent Bond. ... Like (Sean) Connery, he creates an aura of danger and unpredictability.
Daniel Craig hardly needs me fawning all over him. I'll just add to the litany of praises that I think he's a much better runner than Tom Cruise.
Craig with his tightly-coiled intensity and rampant charisma injects a welcome dose of serious testosterone back into the franchise
Using his stocky build, Shar-Pei good looks, and two lethal weapons commonly referred to as hands, Craig owns the frame as the legendary spy.
Here's the biggest surprise of the year: the new Casino Royale is the best James Bond film since Goldfinger (1964).
I am overcome with glee after watching Casino Royale. I love this movie.
For the first time ever, James Bond is tough, smart, sexy, smooth, witty... and sort of three-dimensional. Welcome to the 21st century, Mr. Bond.
You're more likely to find the new James Bond taking target practice in tin can alley than canoodling at the Playboy Mansion. If Pierce Bronson was Zach Morris, then Daniel Craig is A.C. Slater.
This is the best James Bond film in at least 17 years, and Daniel Craig might be the best 007 ... ever.
As portrayed by Daniel Craig, 007 now has more depth and emotion than ever, and the result is one of the best Bond movies ever made.
I am proud to say the haters can all stuff it. Daniel Craig is the perfect new James Bond, and may have rescued the franchise.
They got a lot right with this new rebooted Bond, but -- let me get this straight -- when Bond and the Bad Guy have their big confrontation, it's...a poker game?
performs a succinct Ctrl-Alt-Delete on the flailing series
... the Bond franchise has always been fortunate in its choice of leading men, and Craig is one of their wisest picks yet.
Martin Campbell (who also directed Pierce Brosnan's first outing as Bond in Goldeneye), has chosen to give us a Bond who's both metaphorically and literally stripped bare. Let me take this opportunity to thank him for both.
The audience isn't distracted from Craig's baby steps as a Bond with doomsday devices, underwater-car escapades or henchmen with deadly hats. The plot focuses on a Bond more vulnerable and more lethal than any of his predecessors.
Bond's sixth incarnation is a refreshing, if only too lengthy, change of pace... Connery fans will probably find themselves the biggest fan of Craig's work.
A solid action-adventure in the modern mold...expertly crafted in every respect. But it's also just a little anonymous amidst so many similar films.
The latest James Bond vehicle finds the British spy leaner, meaner and a whole lot darker.
Half an hour too long and with too many villains we really can't place in the plot, Casino Royale nevertheless proves you seldom go wrong if you make a movie that leaves you stirred, not shaken.
Craig's detractors, who've complained since the blond actor was cast last year, will have to give up the cry: On first acquaintance, he seems like the best all-around Bond since Sean Connery.
Casino Royale unveils Daniel Craig as the new James Bond and, excepting Sean Connery, he's the best.
The movie also travels the dark path of the book, which I won't detail here, but just know that Bond has to suffer for his art.
Craig is a broken-nose-handsome character actor in what is essentially a character study, albeit one with acrobatic, in-your-face action scenes.
Casino Royale takes a huge gamble that moviegoers are ready for a fresh take on James Bond. And it wins the bet.
Brilliant director Martin Campbell brings in the best Bond film since Goldfinger, one with an actual script to go with the stunts, even if Craig can't compete with Connery when it comes to bon mots.
You who carped that the 007 films had devolved into a catalog of fresh gadgets and stale puns, eat crow. You who said that the Austin Powers superspy spoofs made James Bond irrelevant, behave.
may not exactly reinvent the Bond movie as we know it, but it certainly offers a different slant... with Craig firmly in control there's a real sense of urgency in both the action and the romance...
Casino Royale is the best Bond film in thirty years. Daniel Craig brings a toughness and edge long absent from the role.
Good. Really, really good. Maybe, in fact, the best entry since On Her Majesty's Secret Service. No offense to St. Connery is intended, but, man, Craig has it down cold.
The tone isn't as cute or vapid as most installments; it's actually a little sinister compared with any recent Bond.
Casino Royale tries to have it both ways, moving toward the genuine while still grasping for the outlandish. The result is a film that's caught between caution and abandonment. And that's probably not a place where James Bond wants to be.
Meet the new Bond, not the same as the old Bond -- and thank God for that.
Now I'm glad they didn't euthanize James Bond, because Casino Royale is the best movie of the series in almost 40 years.
Back to basics, is the idea.
Fans of anyone other than Sean Connery who has played James Bond may want to look away, because admirers of Ian Fleming's 007 novels are almost bound to agree that Daniel Craig is the best Bond since Sean.
The striking thing about Craig's performance is that he seems to have been able to tune out over 40 years of screen history and approach Bond as just another role.
Those who always hoped the series would morph into something approaching realism (if only cinematic), will find their wait justly rewarded.
Back are the virtues of the original Ian Fleming novels, seen only fleetingly in previous films.
'I understand double-0s have a very short life expectancy,' says the new James Bond in Casino Royale. Let's hope not. It'd be swell if this Bond stuck around.
Casino Royale proves that back to basics is a good place to be -- unless you end up aping the same incongruous spirit that hobbled your predecessor.
This James Bond is a successful reinvention of a mythic character, an immensely enjoyable action film -- maybe the year's best -- and proof positive that, after nearly half a century, the movies' most popular series still has a lot of life left in it.
There's little to link this thrilling action flick with the clichéd redundancy that the 007 movies had become.
If this franchise is indeed being reinvented (and it needed to be), it's going to be very interesting to see how Craig continues shaking and stirring his character's icy cocktail of baleful cruelty and suave assurance.
Of course, we don't really go to Bond movies for the dialogue and the romance. We go for the action, and on that front Casino Royale delivers -- if, like everything else about the picture, in a refreshingly downsized way.
This exceedingly clever reincarnation, reclamation and reinvigoration of a franchise that has had its ups and downs stands taller than ever.
Die-hard fans may miss Q and Miss Moneypenny or the boys-and-their-toys gadgets or even the smirky tone. But in their stead is a riveting picture that, for all its globetrotting glamour and eyepopping action, demands we take this new Bond seriously.
The script updates Ian Fleming's first Bond novel to a post-9/11 world and scales back the silliness that always seems to creep into the series.
Spectacular action -- and a cool new Bond. But the film goes long and an important romance isn't quite sold. Nor is the plot terribly solid.
One of the best, and most lavish, action films in years, Casino Royale sets a new standard for espionage adventures that will be hard to top.
The most believable Bond since the days of Connery and for the first time in decades, I left the theater with the distinct reaction that I wanted to be James Bond.
Blond. James Blond.
finally brings the action at fist's length
[Casino Royale] not only simultaneously acknowledges and confounds audience expectations, but also neatly confirms that Daniel Craig's intriguing and charismatic tyro agent is cut from quite different cloth to his Savile Row-tailored predecessors.
The action scenes are great; Craig makes a very interesting hero; the plot is generally logical. But...the story reaches what feels like the end %u2026 then goes on for another 20 or 25 minutes in order to set up one more reversal.
By the time the film ends with a tantalizing 22nd episode tease, it's clear that Craig and co. have pretty much nailed all seven killer B elements of a memorable Bond.
Give Daniel Craig credit for this: he's created the first James Bond who scares you.
Craig is the best Bond since Sean Connery and maybe the only Bond ever who could have pulled off the stunts in Casino Royale.
This is the Bond movie Bond fans (and non-fans, too) are bound to love, giving us everything we want out of a Bond movie, and more... Among the very best movies of the year.
[E]xactly what I was hoping for, and everything I was expecting from the first Generation X James Bond... It's Bond's superhero origin story reconsidered from a perspective that respects and understands the authority and the intensity behind the character
This Bond is rough and raw ... despite his divinely piercing blue eyes, he might just as well have emerged from primordial sludge to do the bidding of Beelzebub.
Meet the new Bond. (Not) the same as the old Bond.
Casino Royale is the riskiest of Bonds, and it immediately establishes itself among the series' top tier because almost every gambit pays off.
In Casino Royale, Bond is still learning to tame his impulses into a style, and he's all the more dangerous because of it.
A renewed sense of engagement informs director Martin Campbell's tough, absorbing adaptation of the 1953 Ian Fleming novel, the one that started the whole 007 business.
Craig plays Bond so rough that his edges have edges, becoming a sex symbol with more in common with Harley Davidson than Sean Connery.
If Casino Royale had kept to a lean, mean 90 minutes, it could have been the perfect James Bond flick.
All fears surrounding the future of cinema's longest running franchise are put to rest with Daniel Craig ("Layer Cake") more than capably filling 007's shoes in a Bond film that shatters formula constraints and delivers nail-biting action in a considerabl
Everything old is new again in this leaner, meaner, back-to-basics re-boot. Think of it as 007's Batman Begins.
Casino Royale is everything you could ask for in a Bond movie, and more. Much more. Sometimes even more than is a good idea.
To say Casino Royale ranks among the best Bond offerings is not intended as backhanded praise.
Pure testosterone pleasure.
Daniel Craig is James Bond now and he ain't afraid to talk tough, kick *** and get his hands dirty doing it.
Successfully relaunches James Bond with tension-filled high stakes poker games ... and jaw-dropping action scenes that have to be seen to be believed.
More than a few women in the audience were taken by Craig's baby blues, but can Bond really see out of those things or are they decorative adornments - like throw pillows?
This is a Bond with great body but no soul.
There's one whopper of a reason why Casino Royale is the hippest, highest-octane Bond film in ages, and his name is Daniel Craig.
Taking the world's greatest spy back to his roots as a raw, impressionable brute whose cockiness at times fails him and who can lose his heart to a woman was a keen stroke of intelligence.
This Bond will be around for as long as Craig wants him to be but future franchise success depends as much on this level of writing ingenuity.
Casino Royale, though half an hour too long, is the first semi-serious stab at Fleming, and at the treacherous terrain that he marked out, since On Her Majesty's Secret Service, in 1969.
Craig acquits himself well in this thoroughly enjoyable, superbly directed Bond flick, although it drags a bit in the third act.
[Craig is] arguably the best pure actor ever to play the part, and he is unquestionably the fittest.
A Bond reboot that explores the fascinating early career of 007.
Casino Royale sees Bond himself recharged with fresh toughness and arrogance, along with balancing hints of sadism and humanity, just as the fabled series is reinvigorated by going back to basics.
Contrary to pre-release nay-sayers, Daniel Craig has done more with James Bond in one film than some previous stars have in multiple reprises. This is terrific stuff, again positioning 007 as the action franchise to beat.
Casino Royale is a 1,000 watt jolt to the heart of a flagging franchise, bringing Bond kicking -- and frequently screaming -- back to life.
Daniel Craig gives a stunning performance (the best Bond since Connery), but the film shows strain between delivering the franchise's basic goods and a fresh character-driven tale.
Daniel Craig is the best Bond since Connery.
Daniel Craig is probably the best and most serious actor to have been cast as 007 and this film makes full use of his range.
You'll be shaken. You'll be stirred. Heck, you'll be blown away.
This is a prototype Bond we have never seen before. It seems we have underestimated you, Mr Craig.
By the end of a curiously back-to-front film, when he finally gets his theme tune and introduces himself -- 'Bond. James Bond' -- he, like the creaky franchise itself, seems profoundly unsure whether he is coming or going.


@highlight

Casino Royale disposes of the silliness and gadgetry that plagued recent James Bond outings, and Daniel Craig delivers what fans and critics have been waiting for: a caustic, haunted, intense reinvention of 007.