...a strong capper to an admittedly uneven series...
A compelling and emotionally touching film that reminds of the first two Rocky movies, Rocky Balboa is an excellent finale which shows just how good an actor Sylvester Stallone is when given the right material.
You either buy into this premise or you don't and I'm sorry to say I found Rocky utterly preposterous.
Stallone still has what it takes to make Rocky the peoples champ, and while the film is by no means a knockout, it will certainly be right there 'til the final round.
Note to any other would-be franchise revivalists -- consult Stallone.
Stallone wrote and directed this cinematic ride down memory lane that puts a final grace note on his indelible creation.
It's no knockout, but it does go a solid, nostalgic 15 rounds.
In the obligatory boxing terms, Balboa will K.O. your expectations, but that may only be because they're rightfully below the belt to begin with--and because this sixth installment is coming after the bell has already rung.
I know, I know, you're thinking, oh please, not Rocky again. I was thinking that too.
With "Rocky Balboa", Stallone's created the first real "sequel" to his original, a deserving bookend that recaptures that film's sense of character and realistic detail.
Stallone, now 60, has something in common with Rocky - he's an awkwardly bulked-up dinosaur, fighting to prove that the game hasn't passed him by. On that level, he succeeds.
There's nothing particularly memorable here -- no profound triumphs or lasting rallying cries.
For a series that seemed out of gas decades ago, Rocky Balboa is a knock-out.
A wonderful last hurrah for a character that deserved a proper send-off...
Though technically the sixth in the series, this sure seems an awful lot like a remake of the first film in the storied franchise, as it somehow manages to tug at the heartstrings in a way likely to leave you wiping away tears afresh.
Rocky se retira con dignidad en este broche de oro de una saga que %u2013con sus puntos altos y bajos- debe considerarse un triunfo personal en la carrera de Sylvester Stallone.
Like its odds-defying hero, Rocky Balboa is the biggest surprise of the holiday season.
Equally heartfelt, equally moving, equally astute about the iconographies of movies and classic characters, Rocky Balboa -- and I hate to say it, but what can I say -- knocked me out.
Stallone wanted this movie to restore dignity to his greatest character. He succeeds, better then anyone might have expected.
This is a masterpiece of a sequel. And for the sixth entry in the series, that is really saying something. Sly, you've done it! The big guy goes out fighting.
The old bastard's done it again. Sylvester Stallone has done with this film what his character does in the movie: he has come out and delivered that last fight that all fighters are supposed to have left in them.
Realizando seu melhor trabalho como diretor desde sua estréia na função no ótimo Rocky II, A Revanche, Sylvester Stallone volta sua atenção para o desenvolvimento dos personagens, alcançando ótimos resultados.
The ol' lug can't be blamed for wanting one last victory lap, but if you've got nothing to offer except benign nostalgia, just let the gloves stay on the glory-days shelf.
El mejor episodio desde aquella pelea del 76, tal vez porque no se parece en nada a los 4 últimos rounds.
To quote that great pugilist Terry Malloy, this is a one-way ticket to Palookaville.
The film meanders along this path for a long, slow while, a primitive soap opera dressed up as street poetry.
... saura satisfaire autant les fans inconditionnels de la série que les spectateurs qui auront bien voulu lui donner sa chance par simple curiosité
A nostalgic rush-job filmed for a quick buck.
The unfortunate effect is that of an invisible angel of death hooking Rocky's mouth with a fishing line and implacably reeling him in.
Ridiculous, but nonetheless enjoyable, this drags a lot for the first half but rallies for the final act with a crowd-pleasing one-two of training montage and fight sequences.
Even goodwill can't make this look like anything more than a glorified TV special. Surely it's time for the audience to throw in the towel?
The Rocky Balboa you were hoping for, dreaming for, and an astonishing personal triumph for Stallone. Bring on Rambo IV?
If geriatric turtles and a dead wife sound like a slow start, that's the point. Rocky films are essentially exercises in delayed gratification.
The sixth and probably final film in the famed Rocky series is perhaps the best of the lot.
Sylvester Stallone has, of course, made a movie about himself. Maybe part of the reason why the film works is because it's clearly so personal.
This fitting capstone has some nice subtle suprises. Stallone needed this farewell and so did Rocky's fans.
... Rocky Balboa earns a split decision.
If you hear the Rocky theme and think '118 118', you might wonder what all the fuss is about. For the rest of us, this is a reminder of why we fell in love with the character in the first place.
Stallone is so well-meaning with this project, he keeps an average movie extremely likable.
In an achievement befitting the boxer, Stallone delivers a sucker punch in finding a way to make this underdog comeback story succeed.
There's a poetic simplicity to this tale (which could be just as much about the has-been boxer looking for some much needed closure as it is about the has-been actor), and we can only hope that this time he really means it.
... despite some clunky melodramatics and questionable, MTV-esque editing barrages -- the film swings, stings, and sings.
There is such poignancy to Rocky Balboa, especially in his advanced years and having been returned to the place in life where we first met him, that the film maintains a genuine effectiveness.
It's not a knockout by any means, but it still packs a strong emotional wallop and is stylistically closer to the first film than it is to the others in the series.
This might be the best Rocky movie since the first Rocky movie. But if that sounds like a rave, just think of all the others.
Endearing and enduring, "Rocky Balboa" returns for an enjoyable sixth round.
When asked why he would step back into the ring, even though he's out of shape and in his late 50s, the Italian Stallion mumbles something about "the stuff... inside," which sums up the thin justification for Rocky Balboa.
If a room full of bitter old journalists can cheer and applaud a noon screening, then maybe Stallone knows a lot more about residual heart than us skeptics give him credit for.
Returns to the series' character-driven origins and is subsequently the best film in the series since the 1976 original.
You've heard of the Rumble in the Jungle? This sequel is the Viagra-enhanced Fiasco in Nevada.
The fight sequence is more tongue-in-cheek than glorification. That's fine, because Stallone and his cast earn enough points before the match to make Rocky VI a heartwarming winner.
Rocky Balboa WORKS.
The movie spends too much time in idle and not enough in overdrive.
Like a fictional counterpart to Michael Apted's Up documentaries, the Rocky films have provided us with a character bounded by mortality and susceptible to gravity. While the plots to the Rocky films jumped the shark early on, Rocky himself endured, older
Rocky returns from the long layoff with an outing that may please the mainstream, but lets down fans of the franchise.
Give Stallone credit for originality--turning a sports pic into a trip down memory lane.
What gives Rocky Balboa its unexpected pathos is the titanic humility of Stallone's performance, the earnestness with which he plays a man knocked down (but not out) by the ravages of time.
It's eminently watchable, and is a nice way to waste some time at a bargain matinee...I'm still dreading the next "Rambo."
I sat down to Rocky Balboa expecting a disaster on the level of Rocky V or Rambo III, but instead I was treated to the season's most delightful surprise.
Could they actually make a convincing movie about a geriatric prize fighter? The answer, surprisingly, is yes
Plays like Stallone simply headed to the set with his handy Rocky checklist, ticked off all the items and called it a day.
... just another who-needs-it sequel preaching to the choir. It's no knockout, but at least it's better than Rocky V.
...Stallone plays Rocky like an old lion who still paces back and forth hoping for one more battle.
Stallone's writing and direction pull off a considerable level of pathos and suspense as Rocky mourns his wife's passing and tries to develop a closer relationship with his resentful son.
This is a story that touches people, even if the more jaded among us are apt to roll our eyes.
To its credit, Rocky Balboa gets the complexity of the image and all it might mean for viewers (and imitators).
Smartly, Rocky Balboa not only acknowledges how ridiculous and unseemly it is to resubmit the Italian Stallion into the pop-culture fray of 2006, but wraps the entire movie around that premise.
The movie comfortably puts you through the paces without making you feel guilty for enjoying them.
"Rocky Balboa" is so awesome that everyone else who makes movies may as well just give up now. It's not going to get any better than this.
Yo, Rocky fans, he's back! This is the way Stallone wants to close this chapter and you can tell he put his heart into the project. It doesn't always work, but when it does, it's a knockout.
Great to see you again, Rock.
Somehow trumps any attempts at critical objectivity ... Scoff all you want, but all I know is that "Eye of the Tiger" has now found its way onto my iPod.
As usual with Stallone's Rocky sequels, the schmaltz is unbearable, but the fight is plausibly handled, and Stallone's sincere sadness at growing older makes this an unexpectedly satisfying conclusion to the series.
Stallone doesn't embarrass himself nor his fans...it's pretty good.
It is a good movie, solid entertainment perfect for a cold winter's afternoon, and for all my initial reticence now that I've watched it I can't wait to climb back into the ring for a second time.
Most boxers age like a fine boxed wine kept in the trunk of a Oldsmobile driving on the equator. Just ask Evander Holyfield, although he might not understand you. But not Rocky Balboa.
It's nice to have such a powerful reminder on how much of a charmer Stallone can be. It's been far too long.
While Stallone is appropriately fiery in key scenes, it's his way with the character's tossed-off pearls of wisdom and one-liners that makes him especially endearing.
Rocky is now all humble, sweet, old charm. With a few issues he still needs to work out with his fists, of course, but that kind of makes him even more hangdog adorable.
In all three of his capacities here -- writer, director, star -- Stallone is wobbly.
We're only one round into the film and Stallone is already slipping in the old flashbacks.
Touchingly nostalgic, the sixth chapter in the saga of Sylvester Stallone's eternal underdog packs a far more powerful punch than anyone would have expected.
A sequel that is at once preposterous, unnecessary and weirdly entertaining.
Rocky Balboa scores a split decision: A familiar start, some flat-footed middle rounds and a solid, flailing finish.
Rocky Balboa is the best Rocky movie since the original and a fitting final (we hope) tribute to one of the great American movie characters.
Rocky, one of Hollywood's iconic characters, finally gets to retire with dignity.
The first four-fifths of the film is a meandering lead-up to the inevitable getting-in-shape montage, run up the steps and a big fight. Up until that point, all Rocky does is talk. And talk. And talk.
Rocky Balboa is no knockout, but before it, Stallone and his career were down for the count. Now his legacy is saved by the bell.
Nothing that happens here is particularly touching, exciting or funny.
Balboa is Stallone's way of stepping back from the grandiosity, the franchising and the vanity of Rocky 2-3-4-5 and remembering the simple, humble magic of the original.
The purpose is to show us that Stallone and his creation have both still got it. All they ask is that we give them a chance. Thankfully, the new film rewards our indulgence.
Rocky Balboa is not only the best sequel since Terminator 2 and the best movie of writer-director-star Sylvester Stallone's career, it's one of the best American films of 2006, and the year's most pleasant surprise.
Stallone has said this is it for Rocky -- even if the film is major box office hit, there will be no seventh outing. If that's the case, it's hard to think of a better sendoff.
[Stallone] restores the heart to one of Hollywood's most popular underdog sagas -- a heart that's gone missing in an increasingly superficial and cynical series of sequels.
Sylvester Stallone, 60, still looks great with his shirt off. It's his directing, writing and acting skills that at times seem out of shape.
It's just good to see the guy, and it's good to revisit the character. And that's everything good to be said for the experience.
Ultimately, is Rocky Balboa necessary? Of course not. But neither are plenty of other movies that find their way to theaters, and this one at least provides some undemanding entertainment.
Rocky Balboa works as a decent nostalgia piece and sports drama.
Shamelessly nostalgic, strenuously formulaic and utterly bereft of unforeseen developments, Rocky Balboa nevertheless has its modest charms.
I gotta admit that I had a pretty good time watching this 94th film in a series that started 30 years ago.
There were titters, yes. But to this viewer, sentimentality won by a knockout.
It's actually the best Rocky movie since the original -- a fitting and triumphant final chapter for one of the most iconic characters in the history of motion pictures.
This is a tedious tale badly told.
Rocky Balboa isn't a response to Stallone's late-life crisis, it is his late-life crisis, right up there on the screen.
Certainly a bad film. But darn it, it ain't a half-bad movie.
Before we realize it, we care about this palooka again, care about him like we haven't since 1979's Rocky II.
Sylvester Stallone has decided to give his punch-addled fighter one more round, and the result isn't half bad. Rather, Rocky Balboa is about 30 percent bad, which means it's 70-percent good
"The last thing to age on somebody is their heart" - says it all.
Stallone has done the near impossible he took a long time dead character, that no one cared about, that he was clearly too old to play and make us care again. It's a shame that this is the last one, but what a way to go.
not as cringe-inducing as some might expect -- nor is it the unintentional laugh riot Stallone detractors might have been wishing for -- but it's a lot more rocky than it is 'Rocky.'
By remembering the little things that made the first film so successful in the first place, Sylvester Stallone has made the best "Rocky" film since the original.
We forgive a lot because Stallone - in a heartfelt and sometimes bombastic performance - reminds us why we fell in love with Rocky Balboa in the first place.
...a delicate elegy to both the character and Stallone's own career.
Rocky, it's time to stay down for the count.
I'd probably agree that Rocky Balboa is the best entry since the first one -- but we're not exactly placing it up against any tough competition, now are we?
I'm ashamed to admit it almost works.
The surprise of the season. Balboa is back, and if this truly is the finale, he's going out like a champ.Rocky will have you cheering all over again.
A tender and emotional finale that stirs the soul almost as well as the first one did.
Every bit as average as III, IV and V...What could possibly be next, Rocky vs. Michael Myers?
So wonderfully self-aware that you can't help but respect Stallone for putting it out there.
an uplifting, very well made and fitting ending for the cinematic champ.
The proverbial sun has set with enough grace to make us all feel a little apologetic for the doubt we all had on the character who was a champ well before he was ever a champion.
the music is still as rousing as it was the first time you heard it, and there's something magical that draws in the most cynical of audience members ... Go ahead and see it. You know you want to.
The word is that this film has been made so that Stallone can end the series on his terms. The studio saw a quick name recognition cash grab. I guess that's all it takes these days.
What sounds absurd in print -- a 60-year-old Balboa gets back in the ring with the reigning heavyweight champ -- is thoroughly, satisfyingly enjoyable on-screen.
As expected, Rocky Balboa is pretty cornball, cliched and predictable. Yet there's more life than you might think in the old war horse -- both the character and the concept.
Rocky Balboa is far from essential, and there are moments in it bad enough to make you wince. But I dare you not to feel at least a tiny little rush when that opening bell rings, and Rocky starts swinging one final time.
Even as Sylvester Stallone's long goodbye to the heroic underdog who made him famous descends from pathos into silliness, and from fairy tale into hallucination, you can't help liking the big galoot.
You'll swear it is 1976 all over again.
It doesn't suck. Please take a moment to pick your jaw up off the floor and we'll continue.
Stallone did what he needed to do, and he's got my respect for taking all the criticism and flack just to end things the right way.
A return to the basics of the original, more character study than action movie.
What makes this vanity project so pleasurable is that Stallone has written a script filled with wit, and even self-deprecation. In the end, there's no quit in Rocky Balboa. More alarmingly, there appears to be none in Sylvester Stallone.
Shadow-boxing his original film in every respect without ever cannibalizing it, Stallone's Rocky Balboa is a joyous thing.
After a very shaky start, the film gradually overcomes our resistance, satisfies our credulity, wins us over and gives us an inspirational high. It had me in tears before it was done, and I'm a tough audience.
Don't expect to be knocked out by the originality of Rocky Balboa. But if you've enjoyed previous films in the series, it's worth another round.
A deep and astonishingly authentic streak of melancholy runs through this fifth sequel to the 1976 sleeper that made both struggling actor Sylvester Stallone and hard-luck slugger Rocky Balboa international stars.
Rocky still has some life left in him, and so does the franchise. As Rocky himself might have said, who wouldda thunk?
Rocky Balboa puts the anything-is-possible fairy tale to rest with a lot of heart, and a lot of hooey.
OK, so it's not a great movie. But like its hero, it has a great heart.
Rocky Balboa is almost as hard to resist as it is to believe.
Just as he did back in 1976, Rocky--and by extension Stallone himself--is climbing into the ring as a man with something to prove. And for the first time in thirty years, you just might find yourself cheering him on.
Stallone doesn't pander to audiences with unearned sentiment. He believes in his story, in the inspirational element that has sent thousands of folks running up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art over 30 years.
The Italian Stallion gallantly fights one last time in Rocky Balboa, an endearing final chapter that has more in common with the 1976 original than any of the sequels.
The big surprise is that it also has just enough referential wit and nostalgic charm to keep the smiles coming through the schmaltz.
The new old Rocky doesn't need a last-minute, come-from behind, rock 'em, sock 'em victory to give us a good time. You know what? I smell a sequel.
Rocky Balboa, the sixth (and hopefully last) installment in the underdog saga of the Italian Stallion, straddles the line between nostalgia and self-parody and frequently teeters toward the latter.
Above all this is a film for gluttons for punishment, for those who never ever can get enough of Sylvester Stallone. Everyone else, please leave the building.
Mock Stallone all you want. I want to also, but I can't. He understands that the character is much bigger than himself, an American emblem that will long outlive him.
Stallone, sporting the triple-decker title of writer, director and star at age 60, ratchets down the volume and retains some of the legend's scruffy origins while making sure that it all comes together at the end with a Big Noisy Fight.
Surprisingly, Rocky Balboa is no embarrassment. Like its forerunners it goes the distance almost in spite of itself.
Could have been a feint but instead it's a contender.
Rocky Balboa, effortlessly reflexive and patently, even proudly, absurd, is a tough movie to dislike -- and believe me, I've tried.
Sly Stallone writes, directs, produces, and stars -- a real quadruple threat, assuming you're talking about unintelligible, monotonous, pandering, and (presumably) incontinent.
Does right by the big lug and proves he's got some fight left in him.
Though even in this incarnation Rocky remains a likable lug, he was unwise to come out of well-deserved retirement.
In a year of amazing comebacks, Sly delivers a moving performance as the aged boxer.
The movie -- like its hero -- suffers from a bad case of calcium on the joints.
[E]lectrifying in its gritty subtlety and powerful in its authenticity...
'I still have the 'eye of the tiger,' says Sly. 'Unfortunately, the tiger now has glaucoma.'
It's like playing Rocky on the Nintendo when you've already played it on the X-Box.
Does Rocky Balboa deliver? Weirdly enough, it does: I was jumping out of my seat during Rocky's bout.
Well, whadda ya know? It looks like you can teach an old underdog new tricks.
Though Stallone directs with little visual inspiration outside the ring sequence, he sticks to the original's up-from-the-streets spirit and rejects the slickness that had crept into the franchise.
Fits perfectly into the world created by the first five movies: sentimental, formulaic and effective.
Call it a comeback, but this is the best "Rocky" film since the 1976 original.
Buried within its turgid solemnity lies the potential for entertaining extravagance.
The quick trip through will keep most audiences from reflecting on how dim-witted the film really is.
The sixth--and hopefully last--segment of the Rocky saga that began three decades ago is meant to serve an aging star, but has little new to say thematically or artistically.
Just when you're ready to puke, the old Bill Conti theme ('Gonna Fly Now') kicks in -- are you feeling it? -- Stallone steps in the ring and every day is Christmas. All together now: Rock-ee! Rock-ee!
Yes, it's corny and manipulative. But wonderfully so.
A certified crowd pleaser. Stallone stayed true to Rocky. He gave Rocky back to us without dolling him up.
It turns out that the added years only benefit the character, making him seem touchingly new because he's so old.





@highlight

Implausible but entertaining and poignant, Rocky Balboa finds the champ in fighting form for the first time in years.