One of the chief pleasures of Lone Scherfig's crisply confident and charmingly comic coming-of-age drama is in seeing a teenage girl kick against the pricks for a change.
This is a lovely, delicious film with fine acting and a unique plot.
What's good about Mulligan's performance is that it's subtle, and seemingly very natural. What's underwhelming about An Education is that all the drama that naturally occurs in a situation like Jenny's was missing.
Carey Mulligan announces herself as a major name to watch.
An Education deserves high marks. You could argue that the central relationship ought to seem sleazier, but Danish director Lone Scherfig perfectly captures the era's look and mood, Hornby's Oscar-nominated script is deft and the performances are spot on
'An Education' is an knowing, affectionate portrait of a man who was surely the best and worst thing that ever happened to a girl who probably should have known better.
Nick Hornby's screenplay is funny and sweet and 1000 percent English in that catnip-to-American-audiences way he's so good at already.
Mulligan possesses Audrey Hepburn-like radiance, but the 22-year-old actress looks so young, it's hard to perceive David as anything but creepy.
You could do a lot worse than spend 100 minutes with Ms. Mulligan. Movie fans, I give you a woman worth educating yourself on.
Humility, that most educational of human qualities, is earned and wisdom is gained, making An Education not only an entertaining picture, but an enlightening one as well.
... attempts to impress audiences with its worldliness, but it comes off instead as an awkward, unformed teen fantasy run amok.
A star turn by Carey Mulligan playing a 16-year-old who gets charmed (and, uh, educated) by a suspiciously alluring older man, the excellent Peter Sarsgaard.
Trite, whitewashed, simplistic, and sexless.
An unusually nuanced and mature depiction of one of those hoary movie fantasies: the older man who gets the much, much younger woman.
Played with great wit and depth by the 24-year-old British actress Carey Mulligan.
Odds have it, as of this writing, that the Best Actress Oscar race will probably come down to Meryl Streep versus Sandra Bullock, but neither of them carries their respective movie quite as ably as Mulligan does here.
An Education showcases several fine performances in this story about the dangers of youthful cleverness.
It's not a perfect movie, but it is an enjoyable one.
[Mulligan] brightens what could be considered a common lesson in youth vs. maturity, and makes it one worth sharing.
Carey Mulligan deserves serious Oscar consideration for her work in An Education.
It was hard to watch Jenny fall so easily to chaotic neutral David, but it was deliriously romantic as well. He wears down our resistance and we fall for him too.
As a fan of the great kitchen-sink dramas and British coming-of-age films of the 1960s, I loved this throwback to that glorious time in British filmmaking.
The film's greatest strength may well be how Sarsgaard's David, in concert with Hornby and Scherfig, seduces the audience along with Jenny, promising the world and leaving temptingly unlocked a Pandora's Box of social ambiguity.
You may think you know where the film is going, but its ecstasy and heartbreak will stick with you afterward. It's one of the year's best.
In a film marked by strong performances Carey Mulligan is a show-stealer, with a career-making performance that relies as much on charm as on acting ability.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Here, you see a family collectively come to appreciate the strength of a heart scarred over and the blossoming of a woman (and actress Carey Mulligan) who learns that pie-in-the-sky predictions for a future can sock even the most sensible among us.
Scherfig transmits lessons of morality and irony in a well cast and produced ensemble piece.
The screenplay by author Nick Hornby is exceptional: Witty, observant and wise.
An Education soulève plusieurs questions pertinentes sur les rudiments de la vie et de l'amour, sans toutefois réussir à répondre à chacune d'entre elles.
Mulligan completely owns "An Education," giving one of the most self-assured breakout performances in years. And the best thing is that the movie, an elegant and sharply observed coming-of-age story, measures up to her performance.
This is sort of a modern costume drama. It is a lot like a Jane Austen story.
In what is her first but certainly not last starring role, Mulligan is so natural that you wonder why it took filmmakers so long to give her a role this substantive. The 20-something is sure to be on the mind of Oscar and other awards voters.
"An Education" is worth seeing, mostly for its superb period detail and the strong performance at its center.
The centerpiece of An Education is the breakout performance of young Carey Mulligan. She is enchanting, and almost convincing as the teenage Jenny, though she can't completely obscure the (justified) suspicion that she's in her twenties and old enough f
Scherfig and Hornby have a winningly droll sense of humor, but the main reason to see An Education is because they treat viewers as if they were as intelligent as Jenny.
Coming-of-age movies are a dime-a-dozen, but one as exemplary as An Education deserves nothing less than the opportunity to command top dollar on the open market.
This cinematic gem is an ironclad lock to be nominated for best picture of the year.
The message proves surprisingly conventional, but its delivery is entirely pleasurable.
A handsomely crafted and beautifully acted awakening story that's predictable but consistently rewarding.
...about the British preoccupation with status, about the aspirant bourgeois and the outliers who exist beyond convention, in a moveable feast of booze, sex and petty criminality.
Mulligan perfectly balances on the line of girlhood and womanhood, shifting naturally from schoolgirl innocence to Audrey Hepburn-like sophistication just by putting up her hair.
If the story of Jenny's inevitably hard lesson is standard, An Education comes up with a few moments that give pause.
A good deal of this works because of Mulligan, who deserves every accolade and Audrey Hepburn comparison she's received for her performance.
Carrey Mulligan gives an astounding, Oscar-caliber performance in this touching, poignant, and precise coming-of-age tale of a young British girl who falls for an older Jewish guy, set against London in the pre-swinging era.
...a complex and morally ambiguous story which rewards the audience's attention without resorting to pushing their buttons.
Everything about Scherfig's coming-of-age story about a girl in the London suburb of Twickenham in 1961 is spot-on.
The combination of a literate script, an adroit cast and an economical style is simple addition that achieves an alchemical feat: the best film of the year.
Mulligan locates both the braininess and restless hormonal energy of an adolescent who's blooming before most of her peers. Bearing witness to her education, in all its naiveté, brashness, passion and pain, is illuminating.
An Education offers plenty to enjoy and admire. It's full of first-rate performances.
This film is carried on the slender shoulders of Mulligan, a 22-year-old actress who captures both the child and the woman, creating an indelible performance we can't easily forget.
A love story that simultaneously left me speechless and with a mouth full of words. Mulligan's performance is the best I have seen from an actress in 2009.
Danish director Lone Scherfig seems at home in Britain and the details of clothes, haircuts and so on are dead right.
A beguiling little film that, with deceptive restraint and forthrightness, opens up worlds of roiling, contradictory emotions.
It's truly a magnificent coming-out.
Many have come close, but An Education is the first film this year to grab me by the lapel and whisk me along with its characters...
The movie belongs to Mulligan, whose Jenny looks like Audrey Hepburn when she puts her hair up and dons a black dress, and like every teenage girl who's had her heart broken when she cries.
Simultaneously an education and a thrill.
Scherfig and Hornby craft a portrait of an era whose innocence is overstated without resorting to sepia tinged nostalgia. The result is a snapshot of how we become who we become, as a vibrant and affectionate act of memory.
An Education argues that life -- and the human heart -- are far too complicated merely to be studied. They need to be experienced.
An Education is just what the title promises, and a delight, as well.
A resonant coming-of-age story, at once tough and delicate, that signifies how much times have changed in the proceeding fifty years, and, in other ways, how much they have stayed the same.
One of those tried and true coming of age stories enlivened by the performance of newcomer Carey Mulligan and a great supporting cast.
'An Education' is a finely crafted film that touches every emotion. Watch it to see how a story so fun and playful can also be so tender and heartbreakingly sad.
The witty script and excellent performances never sink the film to a black-and-white portrait of a conniving man tricking an innocent girl.
Carey Mulligan, in a star-making turn, makes this into one of the best films of the year.
A slightly incomplete, though mostly rewarding, education.
Technical elements are among the best this year. Photography, editing, music, production design, and costumes all add seamless period flavor to the puritanical stew that was London almost a half-century ago.
t gives a glimmering surface sheen to the glamorous mirage of David's high life and all but asks, "Would you make a better choice?"
A decent but unremarkable film with a big, unforgettable central performance. Carey Mulligan passes with First-Class Honours.
Danish director Scherfig and star Mulligan give the film considerable weight by surrounding this lightly played, strange romance with both an acute understanding of Barber's endearing screen alter ego.
It'll be a strange person who doesn't find An Education entertaining, and a stranger man still who denies it the success it's sure to enjoy.
This is a wonderful, life-affirming picture that deserves all the prizes it will undoubtedly win. I can't call it the best British film of the year because it's still only October. But I'd be amazed if a better one comes along.
A sad, painful comedy, and the lovely performance from Mulligan makes it a very enjoyable film.
A delightful, resonant film, a great advertisement for Scherfig's self-effacing, but socially probing, directorial style, and a beguiling introduction to Mulligan.
A sly and sexy treat with both strong period detail and themes of innocence and betrayal.
What began as a tale of innocence lost ends with a sense of exciting discovery. Because the lesson to take away from An Education is that a new star has been found.
What makes An Education so memorable is that it's a study of a teenage girl that looks beyond face value.
Much more than a simple cautionary tale, An Education captures the giddy hopes and fears of adolescence, and the dawn of the most transforming decade in recent memory.
The film's a gem - and [Carey Mulligan's] performance is an education in itself.
It sounds like a creepy tale of a teenage schoolgirl seduced by a pervert. But it's also one of this year's most captivating British dramas, with a breakthrough turn from an actress we'll be seeing a lot more of.
Few films set in this period get the social furniture so right, and it's a refreshingly new look at a time pregnant with expectation.
A hit movie that's small in scale, but big in heart - the most charming British film of the year.
Veteran journalist Lynn Barber's memoir of a teenage romance makes a pleasing transition to the big screen. Yet, while it's well acted and tautly paced, you never quite shake the feeling you're watching a two-parter on BBC2.
An Education is a brilliant learning curve - one of the best British films of the year.
Gymslip love is a tricky subject to deal with, but director Lone Scherfig and screenplay writer Nick Hornby should be commended for generally getting the moral tone right.
Mulligan has a sit-up-and-watch talent.
Nick Hornby's screenplay lays out the progress of their relationship, up to the point where David proposes marriage, with great economy and wit.
The skill of it is in allowing you to see not only how a girl's sense of herself might be hanging in the balance, but to feel how the values of an era can be drama personified.
In An Education a star is born. Carey Mulligan is simply beguiling. She has the wit and intelligence of a young Emma Thompson, the dazzle of Julie Christie, the fairytale enchantment of Audrey Hepburn.
Hornby is more interested in the confrontation of self cocooning fantasy with cold reality, of learning to grow up and take responsibility for your life, whatever your age.
Carey Mulligan is sensational.
Scherfig wrangles everyone into beautifully natural characterisations that make the most of film's somewhat slight approach.
Destined to be remembered as "the first film you saw Carey Mulligan in". Cos she's ruddy wonderful. And delivers one of those rare performances that can't really be faulted. Bafta glory, in some shape or form, is all but guaranteed.
Carey Mulligan...allows us to observe and participate in something truly special %u2014 the birth of a major talent.
The sort of picture that's so effortlessly entertaining that its easy to praise it purely for its superb performances.
Resides in that magical place where movies are breezy, funny, and smart but also realistic and thoughtful.
Parental Content Review
An Education is a vibrant portrait of England on the cusp of its postwar rebirth.
Material about two tantrums and a Gossip Girl cast member away from becoming a Lifetime Original event, making the nuanced accomplishments of the feature shine all the more brightly.
The 60s period detail is spot on, the script super-knowing. A wonderful surprise of a movie.
A great, thoroughly enjoyable film, and one which I`m sure will get some Oscar attention towards the end of the year.
A standard-issue coming-of-age story done well enough and without distinction.
A teen-targeted public service announcement.
Tenderly looks back upon statutory rape as a rite of passage, and it's a testament to fine performances that the film only feels icky in retrospect.
Beautifully filmed and wonderfully acted, director Lone Scherfig has done an excellent job bringing alive Nick Hornby's screenplay onto the silver screen
Sarsgaard has that certain look and style that always hints at something not quite right lurking beneath his noble exterior.
Takes what's essentially a soap-operatic plot and spins it into something very like cinematic gold...instructive about how a very familiar story can be given new vibrancy by filmmakers and actors working at peak form.
The old "stay in school" adage has rarely been trotted out to such cop-out effect
This is Mulligan's showcase, and she is a revelation, evolving from carefree sprite to self-assured woman, unbroken by heartache but shaped by it nonetheless.
An Education is, as the title suggests, about Jenny exploring her own desires and shortfalls, and it's too smart a film for easy answers.
The film is gentle with its judgments. Or most of them.
It's not very Hornby, but it's not bad. In fact, we could go so far as to say that An Education is one of the smarter entertainments of the season.
The point here is not to judge past missteps by modern standards, but rather to point out how easy it is to allow dreams to overtake reality.
A coming-of-age film like no other in a very long time. It is thematically complex, perfectly designed, and as memorable as any film released this year.
A nostalgic, rather equivocal study of the mid-20th-century British sea change in attitudes to sex, class and culture.
The way one character bounces off another in An Education is endlessly interesting. No role, no matter how small, is thrown away.
[Mulligan] makes the role luminous when it could have been sad or awkward. She has such lightness and grace, you're pretty sure this is the birth of a star.
The most extraordinary thing about this engaging, hysterical and deeply moving film is how natural this supposedly inappropriate relationship feels.
Excellent performances from the entire cast don't make up for the fact that this film is mostly a highly forgetful, stylish, soap inspired story.
One of 2009's finest motion pictures -- an open and honest look at sexual politics and a woman's place in the world during the early1960s.
It's Carey Mulligan's ivy-league performance that really puts the film in a class all by itself.
An adult focus upon a questionable pairing sidesteps the raincoat crowd and offers a telling, reflective study of learning the hard way.
Sheer joy of an intelligent, grown up film
An irresistible tale of seduction in which innocence and intellect are the prize stakes.
I laughed and I cried, and while saying those things is probably a cliché the simple fact is that despite the somewhat familiar nature of the plot this film is anything but.
Hornby's humane and humorous screenplay is true to the film's title: In short order, young Jenny finds out important truths about identity, glamour and how adults really think and live.
A living, breathing, affectionate look at all the possibilities and pitfalls of growing up.
Sarsgaard is great as a very nice man who's really very rotten the more you think about it.
Sensitively directed by Lone Sherfig, with terrific performances by Mulligan, Sarsgaard, and Olivia Williams, this is one of the best films of the year.
A star may or may not be born in An Education, but an actress most surely is.
The ending of the film is particularly poignant, and confirms the theme that, even if you make mistakes, they sometimes turn into memories you'll cherish forever.
Mulligan might well remind you of Audrey Hepburn more than 50 years ago in Roman Holiday.
A striking yet strikingly conventional film.
The next Audrey Hepburn? The new Kate Winslet? British actress Carey Mulligan has drawn some pretty bold comparisons for her performance in the charming new coming of age story An Education.
A fun production with a great soundtrack and scrumptious English scenery but the decisions are ultimately too dim to believe.
I have a feeling that Sarsgaard could have stretched the role a lot further if the script had allowed him to, but, still, what he does is surprising.
An engrossing, beautifully shot romantic drama that slightly rushed and contrived toward the end, but boasts a radiant, Oscar-worthy performance by Carey Mulligan.
This is a tour de force for Carey Mulligan as the intelligent, mature Jenny...
Someone once said that perfect movies are boring and only flawed movies intriguing... And then along comes a movie like An Education, about which the number of things that are absolutely perfect is impossible to measure... and it's thrilling and ca
No movie I've seen in a very long time has touched me so deeply, or bestowed so much pleasure.
Watch Mulligan's face as she goes from weary to awakened, and see it all come together.
It's a pleasure -- which I don't mean entirely as a compliment.
The movie has a distinctively modulated tone. None of the period touches are overdone, and the central issue of Jenny and David's gaping age difference is never addressed by any of the characters -- as if to do so, in their world, would be boorish.
Despite the lingering aroma of Victorian rot shrouding 1961, An Education is excitingly young.
Mulligan is the film's headline, pulse and revelation. In its blithely subversive way, her starmaking performance is a co-conspirator with the movie. Both of them win you over with smart talk and pretty feelings, then kick you in the heart.
Through stellar performances, clever writing and exquisite cinematography, the story is fresh and thoroughly captivating.
An above average example of the coming-of-age genre.
Intelligent period drama tackles mature teen topics.
Invariably funny and inexpressibly moving.
Few people who walk out of this movie will be able to forget Carey Mulligan's Jenny ... finds many layers in the way it explores the world at that time.
As a dual portrait of low-level criminality and lower-middle-class insecurity, it's unique and indelible.
An Education captures the very limited possibilities for female liberation in early-'60s London -- with massive social change on the distant horizon, but not here yet -- in exquisite detail.
An Education is the rare period piece that has a real heart beating underneath it.
A quiet miracle of a movie that quickly disabuses you of the idea that you've seen it all before.
As with first love, so with the movies: The right girl makes it all worthwhile.
Relative newcomer Carey Mulligan makes a huge splash in the title role with a complex performance that balances a sophistication beyond her years (and her upbringing) with the vulnerability of youth.
A wonderful meditation on understanding life's many choices and hierarchies and deciding to abide or rebel...Mulligan's a lock for a Best Actress Oscar nod and just might win.
An Education shares with Hornby's best work trenchant insight into the way smart, hyper-verbal young people let the music, films, books, and art they love define themselves as they figure out who they are and what they want to be.
purrs along like a finely-calibrated machine for its first two thirds
The first two acts are the best with the radiance of Mulligan's performance putting all eyes on her and subsequently seducing us into her discoveries.
Clever and engaging, the title serves as a double entendre about a transformative 'university of life' experience.
... entertaining and perceptive, and distinguished by Mulligan's infectious presence.
Even if the story gets derailed, the early part of the ride is such fun that you'll want to take the journey.
This coming of ager resonates: that's not an easy thing to do with a tried and true formula, either.
Lone Scherfig directs it all as if it were a breezy lark, so a third-act tonal shift makes for an incongruous, excessively moralistic fit with everything that's preceded.
The plot's a cynical/sentimental rip-off of Flaubert's novel Sentimental Education, yet full of commercial calculation -- including Scherfig's romantic view of the Paris assignation.
Captivatingly written, directed and acted with sensitivity and nuance, this is one of the best films of the year. It lives up to its title in more ways than one.
Mulligan gives a performance of dazzling nuance, full of feeling without being splashy or overly emotional. She mixes toughness, fragility, intelligence and naiveté.
The emotional maturity of a sheltered teen in post-war austerity Britain is thoroughly tested in An Education.
Playing a character who is herself a rare bloom in a field of mediocrity, Mulligan has a star quality they can't teach in acting school.
Wonderful coming-of-age story in 1961 London with a breakout performance.
An Education is a wonderful film.
Lone Scherfig's direction is glum. We're so clued in to what's really going on that we never share Jenny's authentic excitement at being introduced to art, music, and exotic locales.
Coming-of-age story offers an ageless lesson in life, but An Education is ever fresh, never didactic, and very entertaining.
...the film's appeal ultimately lies in its irresistibly evocative visuals, Nick Hornby's snappy, clever dialogue, and, in particular, the splendid performances from an almost flawless cast...
This stunning, witty British comedy answers the question "Is it better to go to Oxford University or to get engaged to a man sixteen years your senior?"
...an absorbing character study and an evocative exploration of womanhood as embodied by the finest young actress [Carey Mulligan] to come along this year.
Although we are talking age old themes here - first love, dodgy geezers, questions of class - the material is spectacularly well handled.
The fact that Jenny's flowering, her coming-of-age journey, serves as a metaphor for the times, adds another layer of richness to a peak cinematic experience.
An Education works as a fever dream of first love, but the wake-up is unsatisfying.
A beautiful film about the loss of innocence. It's extremely smart, sharply written, and almost feels like a of the classic films from the 1960's.
Superbly constructed, yes, but those elements also connect; a perfectly-picked song cue speaks to a character's mood, a gorgeous camera shot moves the plot forward, an exquisitely painful line is backed with a warm, real performance.
Beautifully shot with era defining wardrobe and hair.



@highlight

Though the latter part of the film may not appeal to all, An Education is a charming coming-of-age tale powered by the strength of relative newcomer Carey Mulligan's standout performance.