It's about how grandparents are important even though they say weird things and make bad jokes and try to get you excited about boring things, like baseball.
There is nothing profound here, but if Artie being called "Farty" by a pre-schooler takes your fancy, then you'll have a laugh.
A more clichéd, cloying, and predictable treacle fest than 'Parental Guidance' you will not find-if you're an adult. That's why it's a pretty good film for small children!
A strong candidate for the worst movie I've seen all year.
The kids are mostly a drag and the schmaltz is poured on as thick as maple syrup, but if those by-the-numbers Disney '60s comedies with Suzanne Pleshette and Dean Jones...are your thing, Parental Guidance will warm you up over the holidays
A joyless and crude comedy that celebrates bathroom humor.
The film's gags are predictable and fairly lame, but the stars' diehard fans will enjoy Crystal's snarky one-liners and, yes, Midler's singing.
Borscht Belt humor combines with serious schmaltz to produce this gummy formulaic family comedy.
People with brains they can't turn on and off for 90 minute stretches of holiday family togetherness will be driven to take some kind of painkiller before the final credits roll. Everyone else will be fine
If 'Parental Guidance' is the drivel that's passing for family fare this winter, then it's best to just keep your family warm and entertained at home.
... a shameless mix of obnoxious slapstick and relentless bodily-function humor that results in shots to the crotch for Crystal and blows to the brain for moviegoers.
I don't know if it's reassuring or scary that in such an American film the kids seems to be UK-style victims of both health and safety rules and political correctness at the same time.
Poor Crystal. There remains a scintilla of dignity in his sad clown. He may beatbox while wearing wraparound sunglasses, but, thankfully for you and yours, he does not dance the robot.
This grating family comedy resembles a sitcom in its flat lighting, patronizing music cues, and frames supplying little visual information apart from the actors' mugging faces.
The underlying issues make for a surprisingly relevant film.
A yappy pile-up of grandparents-know-best shtick, gross-out bathroom humor and sentimental claptrap.
Crystal, Midler and Tomei make a perfect combination for this funny but heartwarming family film
A brutal comedy of bad manners ...
Just as ghastly as it sounds.
One of those intergenerational embarrassment comedies in the Meet the Fockers line, where children can enjoy seeing grown-ups looking ridiculous.
The family friendliest movie comedy this holiday season is also the sappiest and schmaltziest. And thanks to Billy Crystal, the shtickiest.
A film with little else to commend it from the obvious.
Frankly it all feels a bit obvious, perfunctory and dated.
Midler does her best as a put-upon grandma but, ultimately, Parental Guidance feels dated.
An extended "in my day" joke intended to convey the superiority of old people over a lot of supposedly contemporary behavior that doesn't actually exist in real life.
Warm and schmaltzy, Parental Guidance is the movie equivalent of comfort food. It's funny and warmhearted, not terribly ambitious, but it does the things it sets out to do well.
Billy Crystal and Bette Midler play dysfunctional grandparents. Ouch, and twice ouch.
Shtick-y and utterly synthetic
Billy Crystal and Bette Midler team up as goofball grandparents in a cheesy, by-the-numbers slice of computer-written family comedy designed primarily as multiplex fodder for the holidays.
However, most of the conflicts aren't really ever fleshed out, and the movie dedicates just as much energy to Crystal getting hit in the groin with a bat as it does to satisfactorily resolving much of anything.
...this flick is so desperate to be hip that it ultimately feels as relevant as "Mr. Belvedere"... If you have to ask what that is, then you probably won't enjoy this movie.
The Baby Boomer teaming no one was asking for—Billy Crystal and Bette Midler—melded to that most moribund of genres, rugrats "comedy"...
It's not much fun to watch the perennial Oscar host take a baseball bat to the groin or vomit on a child, let alone in the same scene.
Billy Crystal delivers nostalgic, heartwarming fun for young children, parents and grandparents.
After a while it seems to run out of jokes, maybe to make room for all the crying and hug-it-out family redemption in the last half hour.
I can't deny I did feel fonder of my own family afterward, mostly because I know none of them would ever make me sit through Parental Guidance.
Face it Billy, this isn't that funny.
Surprisingly enjoyable family comedy, enlivened by likeable comic performances and a handful of decent gags ...
a sloppy concretion inadvertently showcasing pretty much everything that can be done wrong in filmmaking short of forgetting to remove the lens cap. Though in this case, that last might actually have been an improvement
It's hard to say what's worse: the sneering disdain for modern child-rearing tactics or the hacky generation-clash humor.
It's hard to know who exactly "Parental Guidance" was made for.
It's a shame they didn't choose a stronger project than Andy Fickman's family comedy, but you could certainly ask for worse babysitters.
Parental Guidance feels like it's been thoughtlessly written in a boardroom strictly as a vehicle for Crystal to perform the same past-due routines he does at the Oscars, musical numbers and all.
Thanks to Crystal and Midler playing comfortable versions of the personas we've come to know, it's actually better than you would guess.
Does it work? You betcha. There are smiles and tears, love and affirmations, a few funny jokes and a lot of easy sentimentality.
Deeply, willfully out of touch ...
Despite a talented cast, the film's promising premise - old-school parenting vs. new-school kids - is mishandled.
From a bounty of low, low moments in "Parental Guidance," it's difficult to choose the absolute lowest.
Director Andy Fickman opts against subtlety at every turn. A score filled with heavy strings and the occasional ringing of chimes telegraphs all emotional cues, practically willing the water out of your tear ducts.
Parental Guidance is an engaging comedy that bridges multiple generation gaps, making it that rare movie that grandparents, their kids, and their kids can enjoy.
Parental Guidance is a lightweight piece of family-friendly fluff in every meaning of the phrase.
I just wish it was funnier and smarter. I wish it had better production values, more interesting locations, and quirkier personalities. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
If you have youngsters to entertain this holiday season, it provides some amiable and much needed distraction from the ugliness going on in the real world.
Billy Crystal and Bette Midler class it up as much as they can. It's just such a shame "Parental Guidance" is otherwise so darn dumb.
This '90s-type family comedy falls into the same traps as most second-tier sitcoms, with eccentric characters and snappy zingers spouted as if cue cards were hovering at the edge of the frame.
Protests the entitlement of children by shamelessly promoting the entitlement of condescending grandparents.
Shouldn't Billy Crystal and Bette Midler demand sharper writing and direction?
[M]ore akin to the tortures of the damned than the frothy yet tender holiday cinematic treat it thinks it is...
Say what you will about The Guilt Trip, another pairing of a nebbishy comic and a diva of a certain age, that movie at least offers two recognizable human beings of different generations meeting in the middle and learning something from each other.
I suspect "Parental Guidance" would have seemed funnier if it had come out 25 years ago.
If you're looking for an all-ages crowd-pleaser, this may be your best bet.
This kernel of inter-generational farce never pops.
Parental Guidance kicks off with a mean-spirited joke about an overweight woman and heads downhill from there.
Under the guidance of director Andy Fickman, lessons are learned. Perhaps the most important is that the adult stars, who do the best they can with the material, should stick to animated voice work until they can find less demeaning projects.
Predictable family comedy isn't deserving of its stars.
Some nice comic points are scored against all those awful, over-indulgent parents turning out new generations of impossible brats, but not enough to compensate for the commercial family slop in which they float.
I'd write that this is the worst production Crystal has been involved with this year, but we all saw the Oscars.
Offers a confused and flat portrayal of generational differences.
'Parental Guidance' is a cinematic hemorrhoid throbbing on the screen, its only purpose in life to cause pain and discomfort.
Rather than fun for the whole family, Parental Guidance is more like a hole for the fun family--a shrill, depressing pit where laughs and joy do not exist.
Parental Guidance should be rated X - suitable for no one.
The laughs just aren't there.
[It] might as well be called AARP Presents: Billy Crystal Is Old, And What's Going On With All The Facebooking And Twittering And iPods?
Unfortunately, Andy Fickman's fussy family saga fails the funny test, despite a few random highlights.
While its senior stars do a terrific job capturing aging in a youth-crazed culture, Guidance drops the ball, in all departments, in its portrayal of anyone younger than 55.
The end result should appeal to audiences, including bonding grandparents and grandkids, looking for a little undemanding holiday cheer.
Might as well have been titled 'Granddaddy Day Care'...a bland, predictable vehicle for what might have been the inspired pairing of Billy Crystal and Bette Midler.
Apparently there comes a point in every comic's life when, after living on the edge for so long, they reach for the pipe and slippers and start doing toothless family comedies.
Crystal puts on his game face, and tries to muscle his way past the lousy material, but there's only so much even a natural funnyman can do in a situation like this.
The latest in a long run of 2012 films to confront the indignities of ageing, this one is arguably, if not intentionally, the most harrowing.
A wincingly unfunny family comedy that puts Crystal's overbearing shtick front and center.
A broad, predictable, feel-good tale about family that duly hits every emotional beat right on schedule.
The execution, alas, prevents this from being a genuine crowdpleaser, with the better moments (mostly of the schmaltzy variety) more than offset by the irritating and tedious ones.
Thanks to a wonderful cast and Crystal's good intentions, Parental Guidance is a much better movie than one might expect it to be.
It is with deep regret that the last film I review for 2012 be Andy Fickman's Parental Guidance, wherein Billy Crystal is struck in the testicles with a baseball bat, and then proceeds to vomit on a child out of agony.
It's not quite funny enough and I could have done without the lavatory humour, but it's so warm and fuzzy that it's hard to dislike.
Family fluff at its fluffiest
Billy Crystal and Bette Midler playing grandpa and grandma is in itself a funny picture, although only as a comic sketch.


@highlight

Parental Guidance is sweet but milquetoast, an inoffensive trifle that's blandly predictable.