New Yorkers love nothing more than a story about themselves.
Press is careful to keep the focus on Cunningham as he's keeping his focus on those around him.
Genuinely in love with clothes, Cunningham makes you think of fashion in a more positive and enlightened way.
Recommended if you are a dedicated follower of fashion.
This affectionate documentary celebrates the veteran photographer who, at 84, still works a tough schedule, taking photos on the street of real people wearing real fashion.
This isn't the confessional exposé some would hope, but it is a reverent profile of a fascinating, funny and inspirational gentleman.
Bill Cunningham New York is a minor joy, lurking amid the week's non-fiction.
Gives you new perspectives of fashion, photography and New York.
He was the first, and what's obvious from this lively and engaging doc, an original.
There's few sharp edges or dirt digging, but it's no less engaging for that.
A doc that'll make more than just fashionistas smile.
Press asks Cunningham only two questions: one about love, the other God. Both cut deep. The price of this lifelong quest to document beauty is a heavy one.
A collective of well-groomed talking heads chronicle Cunningham's career as a milliner-turned-fashion historian, and their insights speak volumes about the origins of this pillar of integrity's faultless work ethic.
Whatever this Times-produced, TV-ready tribute lacks in tension is amply compensated by the pleasure of watching an enthusiast ply the craft he loves.
Don't worry if you've never heard of Bill Cunningham. This delightful documentary is all about getting to know the man - and he's a major, fascinating character.
Bill has followed his bliss for 60 years, and it's a delight to follow him for 80 minutes - even if you have no interest in fashion. Don't miss it.
It is both insightful and strangely moving.
A wonderfully understated delight.
This is a fascinating portrait of a unique character who has built his own world out the worlds of others. Quite unlike poseur photographers, he dresses, eats sleeps and talks simply; he gets around on a push bike. And he smiles a lot
This is a rare and special film that should be savoured
Maybe the world doesn't need a feature-length film about Cunningham; maybe we don't even need his pictures. But we need examples like his, people who retain a joyful individuality while fitting seamlessly into our crazy world.
Richard Press' film is an affectionate look at a man who embodies the spirit of his cosmopolitan city, has discovered and documented trends in fashion for decades, and, along the way, may have figured out the secret to life.
A heart-warming insight into one man's extraordinary life, a window to the fabulous veneer of the Big Apple and a must-see for anyone interested in the creative process.
A portrait of a happy man.
It's not just what he does. It's who he is. And he approaches it with such unbridled passion and joy that you can't help but sharing in it; absolutely no knowledge or love of fashion is required.
As director Richard Press' exuberant, telling film nimbly reveals, here is a fashion purist who cares nothing for the trappings of the glittery world he inhabits. For Cunningham, it really is all about the clothes.
[A] marvelous documentary.
Charming documentary.
A fascinating, endearing portrait of the man who for decades has documented trends born on the streets and beau-monde parties for a worthy cause.
While certainly an affectionate and admiring portrait, Bill Cunningham New York, by its end, provides no revelations and left this viewer, at least, puzzling.
Here is a movie about a happy and nice man.
It's a great and modest film.
Filmmaker Richard Press offers a humorous, touching and insightful portrait about a subject who clearly would have preferred to stay behind the camera.
The movie has a refreshing allure that goes beyond fashion, beyond journalism, moving from moment to moment and scene to scene with a remarkable precision that is as emotional as it is fascinating.
He finds beauty; watching him, we find joy.
Bill Cunningham is a specimen who seems to be unique to New York, a celebrity whom 'everybody who is anybody' is acquainted with, but nobody knows.
Bill Cunningham New York is a portrait of an extraordinary man who possesses such arcane knowledge as the difference between right and wrong.
Bill Cunningham New York is as winning as its subject, the affable chronicler of New York style from the sidewalk to the runway.
Bill Cunningham New York shows us a man who not only derives great pleasure from devoting himself to his job but also, in the process, has helped shaped the greatest city in the world.
"Bill Cunningham New York" is a day in the life and a look at the lifelong career of Boston-born Bill Cunningham. Here is a man whose job is to go out into Manhattan on his bicycle every working day to seek and find beauty.
Cunningham's work is about seeing and teaching us how to see, and that should be plenty for us.
Equally at home chronicling the latest fashions on the street and the biggest celebrations among Manhattan's aristocratic swell set, he might as well be the city that forms his vast canvas.
Holds your attention over its rather untidily assembled eighty minutes of on-the-fly footage by reason of what it reveals about [Cunningham's] almost monastic devotion to his work.
It's as much a portrait of a kind of artist as it is a document of a city's evolving sense of style.
Now in his 80s, this charming, kind man remains a mystery: is he the happiest man on earth, or the most closeted and loneliest?
A beautiful portrait of a truly happy man.
... a film which captures the spirit of Cunningham's work and life.
Cunningham seems genuinely in love with his work...
Lots of us are interested in clothes. But few can match Bill Cunningham's passion for fashion.
I love this man, I love this movie.
It's Cunningham's single-mindedness about his work that's so infectious as well as so strange.
Obsessive artists often create exceptional bodies of work.
Using the low-key approach that shapes Cunningham's column, Press works up a portrait that's as raw, gentle, funny, and -- in the end -- irresistible as the pictures themselves.
Those who pore over his fashion columns in the New York Times Style section will particularly appreciate this respectful look at a true local character.
The equal billing in the title is no accident: Cunningham's story is the story of New York itself, about the ways it has changed through the decades and how that history was captured on all those miles of film passing through Cunningham's camera.
Cunningham talks freely about his passion for fashion and photography.
Cunningham at once answers as truthfully as he comfortably could and creates a whole new line of questions that will likely never be answered
The film offers a portrait that's revealing and mysterious, as the folksy subject welcomes Press' camera into his routine while keeping a tight-lipped distance from it.
A slight, glancing, yet subtly wrought slice of New York life. And it seems likely that the exceedingly modest Cunningham would want it that way.
Mere fashionistas pale alongside the tenacious commitment of the utterly obsessed subject of this diverting documentary-one of New York's great characters.
Cunningham has spent some 60 years out on the street, listening, he says, for what it has to say to him. Press' movie shows Cunningham leading by example, urging us not just to look, but to really see.
A less good doc than last year's more honest and insightful Smash His Camera, about paparazzo Ron Galella.
If the film suggests that there's something bittersweet about a life dedicated to a single pursuit cultivated with an almost religious fervor, it also stands in awe of its subject's... capacity to remain attuned to the expression of others.
No passion for fashion is required to enjoy this absorbing portrait of legendary New York Times "On the Street" photographer Bill Cunningham, but a sense of history and tragedy might help.
Lacking the cinematic bells and whistles that so often distract from a really good story, the film is stunning entirely because it is so simple.
A warm, lively portrait of the artist.
Bill Cunningham is astutely defined by Bill Cunningham New York as not simply a traditional photographer of clothing, but an anthropological historian.
Fascinating doc about a photographer surveying the highs and lows of New York society.


@highlight

Suffused with happiness and modest charm, Bill Cunningham New York offers a touching, gently humorous portrait of its subject without invading his jealously guarded privacy.