...not a genre film but...deserves mention for portraying a character who is a fan of science-fiction but is not characterized as a hopeless geek...
A surprisingly successful, un-Hallmark-ified take on the traditional chick flick.
Austen wrote six novels and The Jane Austen Book Club is about six people who meet to discuss them over the course of six months. 666. Coincidence? I think not.
The Jane Austen Book Club is both a testament to Austen's continued relevance and a fine example of classroom particulars converted into entertaining banter without losing any oomph.
If you're prepared to sit through a lot of mediocrity in search of a few worthwhile moments and a couple of actors who rise above the material, then you might be satisfied.
Breaking up, jealousies, match making and a bid for second chances are the themes of this vibrant and uplifting film that explores life, love and desire.
Charming, funny and romantic.
These ladies have too much time on their hands if the only thing they worry about is finishing their reading assignment in time for their next bout of well-heeled lusting.
The contrivance is horrible, the schmaltz unpardonable.
THIS beautifully acted story is, underneath it all, a fairly formulaic chick flick.
Positively marinated in oestrogen, this is aimed at middle-aged females - the more unhappily married the better - with the cardiganed cast spending much of the running time drinking tea on verandas and moaning about men over their knitting.
The Jane Austen Book Club, based on Karen Joy Fowler's bestseller, offers a distinctive vision of hell - a plane of being where there are only six novels that matter, and they're consulted like all-purpose agony aunts.
This is a rom-com that tries to be sassy and true but ends up ridiculously unlike any kind of reality at all.
A twittering soap opera about five Californian women using Jane as an agony aunt for their love problems.
Comfortable if unchallenging, watching this gentle, female-oriented film is a bit like curling up in bed with a book whose ending you already know. No alarms and no surprises.
The women are so seemingly at ease in their roles that the movie drifts towards its happy-ever-after finale without a missed beat.
Average romantic drama that stays watchable thanks to its excellent cast, though it's neither as emotionally engaging nor as clever as it thinks it is.
Quite a nice little relationship comedy-drama, but essentially for an audience of what the French charmingly call 'women of a certain age'. Totally not the Superbad set, then.
A drippy chick-flick about six Sacramentans who find their lives mirroring the English novelist's fictions.
Just fine in a sentimental, mainstream kind of way. Although by constantly referencing Austen's sharp wit and characterisation, this can only ever come up short in comparison.
Beyond the premise, there's nothing too surprising about this film from writer/director Robin Swicord, but it is perfectly agreeable.
"The Jane Austen Book Club" is far from a failure, especially if it sends curious fans of the movie back to Austen's original six books. I just wish Swicord had gone back to Fowler's original novel once or twice more to see why it works so well.
Gives us a peek into the vulnerabilities, clever wit, well-intentioned manipulations and unpredictable anxieties of the female mind.
Chick flick's mature themes aren't for tweens.
The central dilemma of The Jane Austen Book Club: how to make the least bit interesting the primary activity undertaken by our protagonists?
Requires an expertise in Austen's works but rewards you with a decadently satisfying ending - a guilty pleasure.
It really does smack of "chick flick."
The Jane Austen Book Club pretty much defines the term 'enjoyable chick flick.'
Intelligent, entertaining, emotional and amusing.
A perfectly cast, beautifully scripted, smartly directed little movie that won't get the attention it deserves because it'll be dismissed as a 'chick flick.'
What a frustrating waste of a talented cast.
Almost too clever and cute for its own good.
Worth attending.
I challenge any man and woman who enjoyed Transformers or Resident Evil to watch The Jane Austen Book Club and see if they can't get through the whole thing without even one eye roll. I bet they can do it.
Attention readers: Here's a dramedy about people who love words.
A cozy, tasteful affair about the problems of the well-to-do.
The real disappointment is the paint-by-numbers flatness of the contemporary stories and characters; it's hard to care much about Sylvia and Prudie with Elizabeth Bennett and Emma Woodhouse hovering in the wings.
The cast's performances and Swicord's sense of tone give it just enough charm to work.
The film lacks the thing that Austen does so well in her books: the ability to examine a small social clique with a sharply observant eye, a clear ironic wit and an insider's full knowledge of how this social unit works.
Director Robin Swicord introduces just enough hustle and bustle to demonstrate that the romantic joys and negotiations found in Austen's plots can survive in any era or setting.
This marvelously intelligent romantic comedy will captivate even those who don't know or care much about Austen, although there's undeniably an extra layer of pure delight to be found if you do.
An intermittently amusing but mostly improbable comedy about romantically challenged women who devote six months to reading and discussing all six of Austen's early-19th-century novels.
Unlike so many chick flicks that celebrate female solidarity as a concept without ever making us feel it, The Jane Austen Book Club is convincingly feminist in a nonpolitical way.
When The Jane Austen Book Club comes to DVD, it will be perfect for the media rack at Starbucks.
With all the reflected glory from Austen's books, the movie never truly shines on its own.
...a Hollywood-glossy, featherbrained chick flick...
Utterly pat but never insulting, 'The Jane Austen Book Club' offers cinematic comfort food for sympathetic viewers.
...light as a robin's skull, The Jane Austen Book Club is a precision-crafted, designer-tasteful technology for delivering comfort. Breezy and pretty, it flatters all who would bathe in its dancing light. You have to like it, even if you think Austen is t
You don't have to have a library card to enjoy this story.
One gets to the end of the film believing in the redemptive power of love, as well as the excitement of reading a good book.
It's a sprawling story of heartbreak and friendship, and while it doesn't pack true passion, it has a fireside, knitted-sweater charm about it that creates an affable viewing experience.
One won't learn much about Austen from this film, and Austen purists may pop their corsets at the license taken. But Austen's books were part of the popular culture of her time, and the film is in that tradition.
You need neither a deep appreciation for author Jane Austen nor an understanding of her six novels to recognize that The Jane Austen Book Club stinks.
The Jane Austen Book Club simply doesn't know when to shut up. That's true -- for the movie as a whole and for the characters.
The film has an undeniable, easygoing charm. Real life is seldom so pleasingly plotted, but then real life is what people go to movies like this to get away from.
The movie is a big improvement over the wispy novel, which teetered between being cutesy and being cloying.
A little too schematic and cutesy to be wholly satisfying.
Leave it to the Godmother of Chick Lit to inspire the best chick picture in many an age.
Everything the recent faux-biopic Becoming Jane got wrong, The Jane Austen Book Club gets right by successfully marrying frothy romantic comedy, painful drama and a smart knowledge of the writer's literary classics.
The Jane Austen Book Club is definitely chick lit-turned-chick flick, but an engaging script and winning performances elevate it from its cheesy TV movie-of-the-week potential.
The script might have slipped into caricature, as often the adaptations of Austen's novels have, but Swicord opts for characters in whom we might see ourselves.
...Things never rise above the competent chick-flick level.
This is comfort food, plain and simple, and achieves its modest goals in nearly effortless fashion.
A strong ensemble cast carries the story.
The episodes roll by in smooth progression, and the talkiness has the round, impassioned tones of readers ignited by fiction.
The Jane Austen Book Club could be the start of a genre.
The acting ensemble is as colorful, and thorny, as a garden of Austen archetypes.
The movie's sunny demeanor and frivolous (but not dumb!) story make it a winner.
It took me a little while, but as the film progressed (and even as every inch of me tried to fight against it) the women at its core wrapped me up inside their lives and actually made me care about the choices they were all going to make.
The actors are good -- especially Bello, Blunt (who makes Prudie a heartbreak of shrill, unfulfilled dreams and desires) and Dancy.
Everyone is given their due and dignity in this funny, sexy, humanist film that, if it is a chick flick, gives the genre a good name.
Despite its flaws, Book Club leaves viewers with that best result of Austen films: a wonderful ache to fall in love. It didn't pierce my soul, but it definitely lifted my spirits.
I shudder at the term chick flick but Jane Austen Book Club is a shining example of the genre, resplendent with feminine energy yet gently tweaking its masculine side.
[F]eatures one of the most engaging ensemble casts I've seen in a goodly while... So hurrah for this band of gal pals at various romantic crossroads...
The cast alone makes The Jane Austen Book Club good -- though not great -- entertainment for at least the bookish moviegoers among us.
...formulaic beach-read of a movie populated by one-dimensional cliches...may have seemed merely subpar had it been released by a major, but bearing the usually so reliable Sony Pictures Classics label makes it loathsome.
Austen devotees are sure to lap up the central premise that her notions of love and friendship are as relevant today as ever.
Engaging but overly glossy.
There isn't an actress here who isn't perfect.
The Jane Austen Book Club is worth watching primarily for Blunt, the delicious scene-stealer from The Devil Wears Prada.
This is a comfort film, the on-screen equivalent of mac and cheese -- though with a splash of truffle oil to class things up.
Thanks to the game cast, notably Bello and Blunt, The Jane Austen Book Club will make for passable programming when the movie arrives a few months from now on Lifetime Television.
[Swicord] has created characters who really do seem to have read the books and talk like they have. And she has created a book club that, like all book clubs, is really about its members.
The movie equivalent of a toenail-painting session.
As a friend said on the way out: At least no books were harmed in the making of this movie. And he's right. But that's only because no one really tried.
An entertaining, carefully assembled piece of clockwork that imposes order on ever more complicated gender warfare.
Time was clearly taken here to do better than fine with material that had a sizeable no-brainer audience built right into the title.
There is something subversive going on here, though you have to be willing to poke fun of your own reading habits in order to see it.
An ensemble dramedy of manners that wrongly thinks it's clever and insightful, and will curdle the blood of all but the most soft-hearted viewers.
There's a difference between connecting to a writer's work and reading too much of yourself in it, and the banal film version of Fowler's book crosses the line six too many times.
Swicord has a playful sense of humor and a good ear for dialogue, and the movie pleasantly accomplishes what it set out to accomplish.
It's a funny conceit, and the actors -- who include Kathy Baker, Maria Bello, and Hugh Dancy -- are fun to watch. But the entire enterprise ultimately seems designed to turn Austen into a self-help guru.
...ultimately far more engaging and entertaining than one had any right to expect.
Drearily formulaic.
The Jane Austen Book Club is an admirable mix of heady and fluffy, the kind of wish-fulfillment fantasy that needn't make filmgoers ashamed of what they wished for.
Surely you must know you're still better off reading Austen on your own.
The ick-making factor of so much pat sentimentality becomes overwhelming well before the final scene, which has everyone blissfully paired up.
Has more real-seeming people and sensible decisions than most pieces of wish-fulfillment nonsense.
There's the germ of an interesting idea here, plus a terrific ensemble cast, but it's reduced down to a predictable story, simplistic script and only adequate direction.
A delightful and totally refreshing drama about a book club who become a community of supportive friends as they weather the changes and challenges in their lives.
The arch tone coupled with the compassion for the foibles of existence are everywhere in evidence here, brought to life with sterling performances by an ensemble cast that works as a cohesive whole while being standouts individually
Despite its high-toned, artsy antecedent, Swicord's direction lacks fluency: that graceful, imaginative ease with visual expression that signifies real film artistry.
There's comfort to be had in the plot geometry of The Jane Austen Book Club, a photogenic adaptation of Karen Joy Fowler's 2004 best-seller.
Filled with pithy and funny lines and bursting with subtle but wonderful characters ... undemanding of its viewers and very entertaining, the movie goes from cute to sweet to endearing.
Half of me hoped it would end with someone saying, 'Maybe we shouldn't form a Jane Austen Book Club after all' ... That would have been a much better happy ending.
The Jane Austen Book Club is an example of how a movie can follow the general plot of a book yet fail to capture the spirit.
The Jane Austen Book Club is pitched as The First Wives Club for coffeehouse intellectuals.
Six is the organizing principle and magical number of Robin Swicord's well-crafted narrative: There are six Jane Austen novels, six members of the club, meetings over a period of six months, and Kathy Baker's femme has been married six times!
As involving and heartwarming as The Jane Austen Book Club is, it's also far too much of a gimmick for its own good.
So whatever the shortcomings of this literary construct, it remains a joy to experience a movie so in love with good writing.
Cast is first-rate all around, unafraid to play up the annoying, insensitive or self-pitying aspects of their nonetheless likeable characters.






@highlight

Though at times formulaic and sentimental, Jane Austen Book Club succeeds on the strength of its likable ensemble cast. Even those not familiar with Jane Austen's work may find much to enjoy this lighthearted romance.