Where Dahl succeeds is in transforming two essentially tired characters into fully fleshed-out human beings who fall in love.
A sweet black comedy about a professional killer from Buffalo whose gangster uncle makes him join Alcoholics Anonymous in San Francisco, falls in love with a down to earth saleswoman and cleans up his act so he can be a neater killer.
Kingsley seems to be sleepwalking through the entire movie, in a faux-understated performance
Domesticating the mobster within society has become almost a commonplace, thanks to The Sopranos, but Kingsley's tight-lipped gruffness gives a lift to the mordant ironies of the script.
Ben Kingsley brings a batty, basilisk wit to You Kill Me, a black comedy about a dipsomaniacal hitman.
Kingsley shows a surprising talent for deadpan comic delivery.
A great cast and a great script make this a surprising recommendation as a first date movie.
A fitfully amusing black comedy about an alcoholic assassin, its well-drawn characters drown in a generic gangster plot and a painfully low budget.
An uneven black comedy-thriller that's nonetheless worth catching for Téa Leoni's bracingly sharp performance and the inspired idea of putting hitman Ben Kingsley into AA. Just focus on the well-etched characters and don't worry too much about the plot.
The opening six-minute shot of dawn breaking over a rural landscape is worth the price of admission alone. Stunning.
All dilutions aside, director Dahl mixes a dash of Six Feet Under with shots of Mr & Mrs Smith and Grosse Point Blank to put the kick into an enjoyably spiky little cocktail.
Despite some good performances, You Kill Me misses the target.
A badly written hash of a film, which will struggle to please even the most devout Sir Ben fans.
The film isn't without its flaws, but in defying Hollywood convention, it manages to reach parts other comedies cannot reach.
Not a masterpiece, mind you, nor the funniest thing you could see on a lazy summer afternoon; but a fine motion picture.
Surely there aren't many emotionally fragile mobster stories left in the Hollywood arsenal. But at least Kill is a pretty good shot with the laughs.
Slays me over its colorful amusing characters even if its story underwhelms me.
I could watch Kingsley and Leoni for days. They're the film's true draw.
A little more energy would have done the film a world of good.
[Director] Dahl exudes such a casual control; his lightness of touch reads as a concern for good form, like knowing how to squeeze a trigger instead of pulling it.
You Kill Me feels like a lightweight throwaway, but it remains in the memory longer than expected.
Like his deliciously original Last Seduction, director John Dahl returns to the wild side in You Kill Me, an odd and somewhat puzzling crime drama that throws the viewer for a loop thanks to its deadpan humour and absurdist narrative.
A dryly funny and demented film featuring the most likable hit man you'd ever want to meet.
The kind of movie that will have a far longer shelf life than most of the largely disposable big summer blockbusters dwarfing it at the box office.
Ben Kingsley, or Sir Ben as he's called on the other side of the Atlantic, is an odd choice to play a hard-drinking Polish hit man from Buffalo, N.Y.
The deadpan tone doesn't always finesse us past the satirical plot absurdities ... but the whole is reasonably enjoyable, buoyed by another of Kingsley's scarily intense performances.
Were it not for a couple of overbroad scenes and a few flat notes of forced wackiness ... might have been one of the year's more subtle pleasures, a bittersweet snapshot akin to Jarmusch's Broken Flowers
A lot more clever than it initially appears.
This dark-themed and morally dubious yet weirdly lighthearted crime comedy seems to both satirize and celebrate the forgiving, nonjudgmental nature of 12-step recovery programs.
You can pinpoint the exact moment You Kill Me descends permanently into idiocy.
A grown-up movie with droll, sophisticated humor and a deliciously subversive sense. We don't see too many of those any more.
An amusingly wry effort that's refreshing, particularly amidst all the overblown, story-deficient summer blockbusters.
Ultimately the movie stands as a testament to grownup love, the kind where all faults are exposed and dealt with, one day at a time.
One of those self-consciously quirky indie films that will strike some as comic genius while leaving the rest of the audience scratching their head.
When Frank stands up at a meeting and confesses that he wants to kick the bottle so he can devote himself more fully to killing people, "You Kill Me" achieves a perfect black-comic pitch.
Director John Dahl resists the urge to overbake the comedy, letting an unexpected undercurrent of pathos give this more heft than it probably deserves.
As dark comedies go, You Kill Me nearly hits all the right targets, playing like a tongue-in-cheek hybrid of Prizzi's Honor and Clean and Sober.
[Leoni's] collaboration with Kingsley does provide moments of comedic excellence. Too bad those moments donâ(TM)t add up to enough to save the film from its ponderous messaging.
Itâ(TM)s a small wonder. When was the last time you saw this much talent lent to the story of a man who discovers what it means to really live only after learning he doesnâ(TM)t need any help from the hard stuff to kill?
There's more comedy in the tale of a drunk assassin than you might expect, and a surprising amount of heart, too.
An unpredictable, enjoyable mob comedy.
A strong performance by the reliable Kingsley, and a tartly sweet one from Leoni, keeps You Kill Me from turning into the bad joke the title implies.
It's a smart and fun little romp that doesn't kill so much as tickle and surprise.
At every turn, despite treading familiar territory, You Kill Me stands elevated above the gangster glut.
A film whose deft blend of action thrills and gallows humor packs a jaunty kick and a firing-range boom.
With strong lead performances and sure-footed direction, You Kill Me isn't terrible, it's just not nearly as smart or interesting as it should be or as it seems to think it is.
It's a predictable but acridly pleasant 12-step bonbon: self-help noir.
...ultimately undone by its inherently schizophrenic nature...
Along the way there's a good deal of comedy, but it's the sort where you may look around to see if anyone you know caught you laughing.
Given a choice between a dark film with comic elements and a comedy that purports to be edgy, the filmmakers took the easy way out.
After years of working with dreadful filmmakers such as Peter Hyams and Uwe Boll, it's easy to forget just how invaluable Kingsley is to the art of screen performance.
This jovially cantankerous and brutally funny comedic noir comes ever so close to returning the director to those mid-90's glory days.
You Kill Me has more natural laughs than any half-dozen recent crime comedies.
Plays quite a bit broader than [Dahl's] earlier work, but the director's sly tone and talent with character actors remains intact. It already feels old, in a good way.
If Dahl's picture won't exactly slay you, the performances make for an oddly diverting little flick.
[The filmmakers] tackle the familiar material with such gleeful zest, thanks in no small part to an extremely game cast, that I didn't mind that there wasn't anything on display that I hadn't already before in one form or another.
Despite the slight novelty of some of its performances, the movie never rises above anything more than the sum of its fractured parts.
Along with the splendid principals, [the secondary cast] round out an extraordinarily accomplished ensemble.
Everybody hits just the right notes...It's just a lot of fun.
A welcome escape and eventual cult hit for comedy fans this summer.
Ben Kingsley takes it easy and gives Leoni and Wilson a chance to shine in this easy-going gangster comedy about friends and killers.
An unsatisfying compromise flick on the fence which might have worked had it either been played straight or purely for laughs.
These filmmakers boast a tactile command of lower-case depression humor. And Kingsley and Leoni master it with rare cool glee.
The story's grasping, eager-to-displease setup never establishes enough depth to be fully engaging, let alone metaphorically significant -- and why else make a movie about a psychotic kicking hooch in order to be a better killer?
This is the kind of film that defies pigeonholing...
Director John Dahl keeps a firm hand on Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely's razor-sharp hit-man-in-rehab comedy.
For an hour and a half it exerts its own preposterous reality, making you believe it -- and like it.
In the moment, You Kill Me is never less than mildly entertaining, and it's almost never more than that.
Dahl, greatly assisted by the eye-catching work of vet cinematographer Jeffrey Jur, has crafted a stylish-looking piece but, unfortunately, can't keep up the movie's initial spirited pace.
Eventually it's just too much of a bad thing -- and only leaves you wondering why you began it at all.
You Kill Me really belongs to Kingsley, whose character's deadpan reactions to his new environment are priceless. He really kills.
John Dahl returns to the quirky black-comedy genre where he began his career in the late '80s. It's good to have him back there.
Dahl's strengths are rock-bottom irony, sleazy suspense and deadly surprises.
In this summer of bloody blockbusters, it's refreshing to see a mobster movie where the small pleasures outnumber the body count.
A film that manages to find sunbeams between the corpses and drunks.
Who knew there was such a high burnout rate in hit men? And who knew they suffered from so many varieties of treatable neuroses? And who knew they were such amusing guys?
Leoni is a welcome sight here, temporarily giving up attempts at sunny-sexy blond roles and going with her sarcastic nature.
No offense to Sir Ben, who does a mean deadpan, but his performance here is frequently more dead than pan -- which, given the material, was probably the wisest acting choice.
Leave it to John Dahl to helm a movie in which swearing off booze is more laudable than forsaking your job as a hit man.
One of those quirky little movies that thinks it is much smarter than it actually is. For a fine Kingsley fix, rent 'Sexy Beast' instead.
John Cusack's Grosse Pointe Blank managed to pull this sort of material off, but that had the distinct advantage of starring, well, John Cusack.
...Dahl gets back to that loosey goosey sweet spot that has evaded him for so long.
With its shadows and gallows humor, You Kill Me goes about as dark as a comedy can go before turning into tragedy or self-parody.
After an unsuccessful bid at respectability with his tepid war film... director John Dahl returns to what he does best: amusingly vicious little films noir.
Believe it or not, You Kill Me is a comedy, and a very funny one at that.
Though inconsequential at heart, the film benefits from its cast and its director, the multifaceted John Dahl
We've seen the inner lives of hit men and mobsters rendered innumerably in recent years on film and television, but You Kill Me does it in a satisfyingly comedic way, loaded with easily identifiable idiosyncrasies.
It has its amusements.
One of those rare occasions where going too low-key means missing many comic possibilities.
You Kill Me may not look like much. But you root for it anyway, if only because it tries so hard to do the right things in a different way.
This droll combination of coldblooded murder and romantic comedy uses Ben Kingsley's renowned intensity to uproarious effect.
This crime comedy has such a goofy script and such an eccentric cast that it kept me curious about what would happen next.
Director John Dahl expresses his affection for the film's absurdist humor by not overdoing it. Instead of zooming in for laugh-killing close-ups, his camera hangs back, observing how the characters move and how they react to each other.
When Leoni's character learns what Frank does for a living, her look of puzzlement is marvelously subtle. You Kill Me has a lot of little moments like that.
A completely amoral world delivered with wit and incisiveness, and great twists.
Mixing the comic and the thrilling in roughly inverse proportion to what one would have hoped, Markus and McFeely's script supposedly kicked around Hollywood for years before attracting Sir Ben's interest, and its age shows.
This is the kind of movie actors do for themselves, but You Kill Me offers plenty of benefits for us as well.
In talented hands, this might have the makings of a good comedy...As it is, it is one of the worst films I've had to endure this year, and that's saying a lot.
A surprisingly resonant examination of getting sober, made amusing by [an] assassin's increasing honesty about his career.
[A] precious, inert dud of a hitmen-are-people-too comedy.
Doesn't quite plum the depths of Gigli, but it's clearly cut from the same cloth ... flat and barely entertaining.
Director John Dahl, whose signature gems include Red Rock West and The Last Seduction, playfully and quite irresistibly adds quirky romance and comic mayhem here to his accomplished, devilishly noir laced resume.
It calls for more suspension of disbelief than suds in Frank's beer stein, but if you can join him on that barstool, the payoff is a brand of hilarity that could keep you in stitches. It's killer.
If you are willing to believe that a hit man can find redemption, you may find You Kill Me one of the most stimulating films of the year.
This modest hit-man comedy may be a one-joke film, but it's a good one, representing a return to form for John Dahl after a decade of disappointing studio pictures. Acting ensemble, particularly Ben Kingsley as alcoholic killer who finds love, is good.
Even when he's worked with escalated budgets, John Dahl has retained his playful noir side.
With an eclectic mix of strong-minded thesps all pulling in slightly different directions, this shape-shifting genre hybrid successfully commingles 12-step therapy, romantic comedy and hit-man thriller.
Yet another hilarious cinematic depiction of a professional hit man's angst.
Enjoyable low-budget black comedy.







@highlight

Featuring wonderful performances from Ben Kingsley and Tea Leoni, You Kill Me is a charming, funny take on the familiar inner-lives-of-hit-men premise.