This is wink-and-nod fantasy with no overtures to anything more significant.
Chris Hemsworth makes an imposing, good-humoured Thor... but the motor of the film is Tom Hiddleston's complex, conflicted Loki.
This, my friends, is what a summer movie should be: exciting, clever, comedic, and a joyride.
Witty, charming and very current, the big screen adaptation of Thor is sure to catapult its star Chris Hemsworth (whose wife, Elsa Pataky, ironically stars in Fast Five) to leading man status.
Thor...as in bore? Bingo.
[The] result isn't as much fun as the Iron Man movies, but it's better than The Incredible Hulk and a worthy entry in the fast-growing Avengers series.
Thor is a really good popcorn flick -- just a little too bloated in places to hit the mark as well as it could have.
The mildly amusing midsection plays like a Viking take on Crocodile Dundee.
Strikes a mighty blow to the summer blockbuster season and will charge up audiences just like the first 'Iron Man.'
Drab, bloated and stuck together with special effects that look like high-end Microsoft screensavers.
Thor is terrific fun! It's aware of its own silliness but made with complete integrity and heart. The film is also beautifully designed and very well performed. A great summer blockbuster!
Tempering its sweeping scope with wit, humor, and just a little dose of dramatics, Thor is a super-charged fantasy epic that can stand alone in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Let's hope Branagh was well-compensated, at least. To quote his favorite author: No profit grows where is no pleasure taken.
Thor is on much safer ground here on Earth. The tone is immediately different: more relaxed; comic, not cosmic.
Hemsworth gives the Thunder God all the spark he needs.
Winking, self-mocking, fun...
Branagh and co have taken one of the least relatable superheroes and turned his story ... into a hugely enjoyable, funny and visually spectacular film
"Thor" reminded me a lot of the "Iron Man" films. They are not particularly great, but they are highly entertaining with their explosive action sequences and fascinating characters.
Adapted lovingly and good-naturedly from the comic, Thor gains some Shakespearean heft from its themes of sibling rivalry, epic emotions and touching Oedipal conflict.
It does nothing to stand out from the other comic book adaptations of the past few years, but it's an adequate and enjoyable slice of hokum.
... A solid introduction to the character, and the idea of encountering him again isn't a bad one.
... not to say that Thor is awful, simply uninspired, full of sound and fury and not much else.
...although it looks good, it feels fragmented, the action never coming fully to life and the central character rather colorless.
Arthurian grandeur, fanboy-pleasing whallop and special-effect razzle-dazzle flesh out the backstory of how the hunky hammerer got from Up There to Down Here.
What's left is the movie's middle 60% or so, which is a fun ride, though I could have done without the 3-D.
Branagh's chosen style (and that's a generous term to use here) pretty much consists of tilting the camera about forty degrees every fifth or sixth shot.
It may not be strongest film to have made the transition from comic book to screen but it does whet the appetite for more from the hammer-wielding thoroughbred and his jealous sibling.
The problem with the current crop of superhero movies is that once you've exhausted the A-list, you begin reaching for the second string personalities who do not have the same sort of populist street cred.
Director Kenneth Branagh, for all the Shakespearean fruitiness he imbues into some of his A-list performers, never forgets that Thor is ultimately an FX-driven film designed to sell popcorn.
The series of Avenger films continues to decrease in quality with Thor inferior to both the original Iron Man and The Incredible Hulk.
Thor visually muddled but still worth seeing.
This film was not painful to watch... but it was no pleasure.
Despite under-imagined action sequences, the movie's intentional humor and Tom Hiddleston's well-played Loki save it from mediocrity.
Marvel's Thor may be silly, but that doesn't make it any less entertaining.
Another marvelous adventure.
Nicely combines visual splendor and an earthly fish-out-of-water tale with director Kenneth Branagh bringing a Shakespearean flair to the proceedings.
The latest travesty of the old Marvel comics canon
It only took about 10 minutes for a wide smile to form across my face at the realization that 'oh, man they got it right!'
Will it catch lightning in a bottle and become the next great superhero franchise? By Odin's beard, I think so! (Parental Content Review also available)
Thor gets by on humor and on the performances of Hemsworth, Hiddleston, and Dennings ...
The Marvel movie machine puts another second-string superhero on the A-list.
A mish-mosh of iconic genres, futurism and earth-bound pseudo-reality bound together by the commercial desire to engage us through any means--a sort of more is more thesis. But that doesn't mean it doesn't.
display a light and humorous touch that never detracts from the larger dramatic issues
One of the better examples of the goofy live-action comic book that's come around recently.
There is pleasure to be plundered from some of the battle scenes, especially when Thor is confronting ice monsters with blood-red eyes, and from the culture clash that resounds when he descends to present-day Earth...
El despliegue físico y visual llenan el ojo (sobre todo en 3D) pero es tal la presencia de escenarios virtuales que al rato uno tiene la sensación de estar viendo un videojuego sin mayor progresión dramática.
An okay movie but more "Superman" than "Iron Man."
No fanboy will feel 'Thor' for spending his hard-earned money on the latest of superhero from the Marvel universe.
Entertaining and instantly forgettable.
It achieves a good balance of action and comic relief and-despite a ridiculous set-up-turns out to be a decent family drama on top of all that.
To its detriment, this film most of all prepares the way for a sequel.
...a missed opportunity of nigh epic proportions...
Although it looks quite beautiful and has enough gorgeous space shots to make Nova green with envy, the movie is too weighted down by exposition to ever really get interesting.
I can't honestly say I'm overwhelmed by his magnificence but I'm still pleased to meet the next Avenger tag-team partner.
The story might perhaps be adequate for an animated film for children, with Thor, Odin and the others played by piglets. In the arena of movies about comic book superheroes, it is a desolate vastation.
Thor is such a joyless affair that writing even this much about it is nearly as exhausting as sitting through the movie.
This is not a great comic book adaptation, but it is a serviceable one with good production values, a slick look and a story that works.
Just as good as it needs to be -- and no more. But in the realm of superhero movies, I'm perfectly fine with that.
Odin strips Thor of his powers and casts him down to Earth. The movie, alas, is compelled to follow.
Thor is an amusement park ride through the Marvel universe from the realm of Asgard to earth, and back, and forth. Around and around. How many rides do you want to take?
The real star of this show is Bo Welch whose production design is original and different enough to steal the show from the actors.
The effects are great, the tone is surprisingly playful, and Hemsworth pours on the charm as the most clueless hulking blonde since Dog the Bounty Hunter.
triggers Tron: Legacy flashbacks like wet heat does Vietnam.
A merely adequate introductory saga coated in hammy regality by director Kenneth Branagh.
A well-balanced mixture of summer movie pop aesthetics -- not too serious, not too light, with a flare for visual pizazz and big personality.
This movie is a lot of fun.
Ten-year-olds will be blown away by "Thor." For the rest of us, it's a visually thrilling joyride with not much story to back it up.
Not merely an entertaining enough intro to Thor, but a roots adventure cleverly laying the groundwork for what's in store from The Avengers and other planned extensions of the Marvel franchise.
Thor continues the trend of weakly jumpstarting a franchise based on a Marvel comic with an instantly forgettable origin story.
In the end this isn't a Kenneth Branagh film; it's a Marvel Studios film. About all Branagh brings to it is a certain hairy-chested bravado and a lot of Dutch angles.
Thor is, dare you say, a marvellous adventure, fit for a sequel and deserving his place in Marvel's soon to be mega team-up.
A giant notch up is Hiddleston, who'd make a good Edmund in King Lear: You register the chip on his shoulder rather than the villainy.
Everything aboutThor seems afterthought and cast-off, from its cheap-looking production values and dull action to its flat script. It's telling that Chris Hemsworth's shirtless scene is the movie's most special effect.
'Thor' is like an evolutionary 'Superman II.' Good laughs, action, and a hero who needs to lose his powers before he can find out who he truly is.
It's still inconceivable that people could look at the shabby Iron Man 1 and gaudy Iron Man 2 and be satisfied. The latest addition to that Marvel studios franchise is Thor, and it, too, suffers from filmmaking without wit.
While initially it might feel nonsensical for a superhero to derive supreme power from a hammer forged out of a dying star, the way "Thor" wields its supremacy makes mince meat out of humdrum guns, knives and swords.
An overlong, mildy entertaining blockbuster that could have used a more charismatic lead as well as more palpable thrills and excitement.
Thor is such a monumental waste of top tier talent, it adds an air of sadness to this prime example of cookie cutter filmmaking.
...Above average movie eye candy. Branagh's direction as well as the writing, which includes an abundance of intelligent dialogue sequences (for a comic book), are a plus--as is the acting overall.
A perfectly serviceable entry in the cinematic superhero sweepstakes, Thor provides viewers with a good time as long as they're not taking notes and comparing it to other high-profile Marvel properties.
... latest in a string of whatever-sticks action-hero franchises ... I can hear the slumming Branagh admonishing, "Give me a break ‒ it's an amusement-park ride!
If the rest of the popcorn movie entries exceed expectations on this level, then the forthcoming shirtless hero worship season might give me washboard abs - "Conan," "Captain America" and "Sinbad" are yet to come.
With a director this interested in making every shot exciting, it should come as no surprise that his film is just that.
THOR
The film has a lot of solid laughs, actually, without becoming a cartoon.
The good news for Thor is Shakespearean director/actor Kenneth Branagh manages to infuse a bit of the Bard's irony, intrigue and humor to a plot penned by three TV writers.
This isn't SyFy Thor, it's HOLLYWOOD Thor! Crummy costume and set design is made up by being full of heart and soul.
This movie has all the sci-fi fantasy, wonder and magic we have come to expect from Marvel. The 114-minute running time passes by swiftly and leaves you wanting more. The action scenes are well-staged and the computer graphics special effects are...
a lesser entry in the super-hero to cinema game, but one that is splendidly diverting on its own limited terms and commendable for refraining from camp
Soa menos como um filme e mais como um "previously on The Avengers", já que se preocupa tanto em preparar o terreno para o grande projeto da Marvel que se esquece de ter personalidade própria.
Rhymes with bore.
Just setting the table, introducing us to the characters and situations that will pay off next time.
Thor isn't 'The Dark Knight,' but it's a mighty fine kickoff to the summer movie season.
Like Thor himself, the movie is overly puffed up and self-serious. But the character experiences a satisfying arc of change, turning into a genuinely heroic figure whose magic hammer does some serious smiting.
...Branagh and his winning cast keep things likably accessible and fantastically opulent, delivering an adventure with genuine humor, spectacle and gravitas. Fanboys will lap it up like mother's milk.
This is eminently missable, though the mosaic design of Asgard, Thor's mythical realm, is pretty cool.
Crazy-good fun! Thor has that quintessential Marvel-movie feel that made the Spider-Man, X-Men, and Iron Man pictures so enjoyable.
Part of what I wanted from the film was a guy in armor with a giant hammer smacking frost giants in the face...and so I got that.
I approached this new lollapalooza with an open mind that was quickly addled by loads of back story and front story and an ear-splitting avalanche of special effects.
Take an eight year old boy with you to increase your chances of a rollicking, if more-than usually ridiculous, time.
Kenneth Branagh and the team of writers who have brought the super-hero spin on the Norse god of thunder to the big screen decide to largely ditch the usual hero alter-ego bit. In its place is a movie with a split personality of its own.
Branagh's direction looks the same as that of any other summer tentpole manager, and things go boom.
Nothing against the buff, blond God of Thunder, but Thor just doesn't have a built-in wow factor among the nongeek brigade.
[Kenneth Branagh's] Shakespearean chops add texture in scenes that require the care and feeding of literature's grander themes: pride, paternity and honor.
... a two-hour preview trailer for The Avengers ...
Essentially, when the movie comes down to Earth it's pretty good. But when it spends time across the universe -- and it spends a lot of time across the universe -- it's pure geek fare. Which may thrill geeks but leave others yawning.
Escapism doesn't have to be mindless, and comic book movies don't necessarily have to reach for some greater human truth.
By Odin's beard, the gods seem to have smiled on this one.
Thor has enough eye-popping visuals that slapping on a pair of 3-D glasses isn't even necessary.
What could have been a stiff and overwrought production turns out to be one of the more well-rounded and enjoyable superhero movies in recent memory.
For those with a taste for the genre, Thor is a worthy addition to the pantheon.
The visuals are breathtaking without it, all swirling cosmic nebulae and mythic cityscapes of the Norse-god capital Asgard.
Masterfully directed by Branagh, Thor delivers a Shakespearian-esque superhero flick with epic action, performances & emotions making it the strongest Marvel film to date.
A pleasant diversion that may not make you smarter but at least won't make you dumber.
Talk loudly and carry a big hammer
Thor seems to have little more on its mind than winning the first weekend and making its money back overseas, which it probably, predictably, will.
Lavish and satisfying big-screen translation of the Marvel comic's mighty Norse god brought down to Earth.
All that director Kenneth Branagh must do with Thor is not mess it up, and he succeeds. The results aren't as exhilarating as the first Iron Man, but Downey can't play every superhero...For sheer fun and action, I'd prefer seeing Fast Five again.
Branagh's Thoris big enough and bold enough to fit under the Marvel umbrella but infused with sufficient uniqueness to make it work for those weary of generic superhero stories.
"Thor" stands completely on its own as its own movie and proves to be an excellent addition to the superhero genre, harkening back to the awe-inspiring simplicity of the original 1978 "Superman."
Surprisingly complex superhero action-adventure.
Chris Hemsworth takes all of five seconds to impress you.
Many things within Thor must be accepted at face value, but these very things are what make the whole enterprise feel inconsequential.
Thor has the feel of a film that never quite starts.
While not perfect, Thor is most definitely a worthy addition to the pantheon of superhero movies.
One of the very best Marvel superhero movies to date.
I knew there was a planet of Frost Giants, but I always assumed the neighboring planet of Heat Misers would keep them in check.
Marvel's ambitious plan has taken one more step, and it has yet to take a false one.
This god answers our summer movie prayers.
Next to 'Iron Man 2,' 'Thor' is the worst Marvel film to date.
It's as if Branagh, fearful that his artsy reputation precedes him, has gone to the opposite extreme and low-balled the material.
Basically, it's a little better than okay -- but nothing more than that.
Hemsworth, an Aussie actor with a vocal command to match his heaving brawn, doesn't just play the role, he owns it.
Hemsworth is a carved-from-stone god who makes Brad Pitt look as bulked-up as Angelina Jolie, and he gives just the right amount of wry recognition that this is all just summertime nonsense.
Branagh creates a nice flow, with many dynamic angles, and clear, exciting fight scenes.
Thor's level of visual opulence is one sure indication that director Kenneth Branagh is unafraid of embracing the potential for camp inherent in any superhero blockbuster but generally avoided amid the current vogue for Dark Knight-style solemnity.
It's hard to argue for a Thor movie -- he's one of the least interesting characters in the Marvel universe. But that just makes Kenneth Branagh's entertaining adventure movie a pleasant surprise.
He has a big hammer, and he knows how to swing it.
The effects are effective. The humor is humorous and just self-referential enough to let you know the film doesn't take itself too seriously.
It starts pretty promisingly, and it stays pretty promising throughout, and at some point you realize it's never actually going to deliver on that promise.
The ripping outer-space fights are the main attraction, and they're mostly entertaining, though not in a way that will make you feel good about yourself.
At times it seems Thor's hammer shows more personality than its owner.
Clobberin’ action, a touch of ’50s sci-fi, and a heaping portion of titan-clashing theatrics spell something a little different for the comic-book movie.
The superhero genre is suited to Branagh's grandiose sensibilities.
In removing those traits that typically make a superhero from its protagonist, Thor makes him stand out from the growing crowd.
Perhaps surprisingly, this high-concept 3D Avengers spin-off is a very well-executed movie, offering corny one-liners and plenty of muscle-bound heroism to whet fan appetites.
Will not be going down anytime soon as one of the quintessentially great superhero efforts, but it isn't a failure, either.
If this is a harbinger of the season to come, may heaven and its suburbs help us.
Hemsworth is consistently fun to watch.
[Chris Hemsworth], from his first moments on the screen, steals the show with charisma, roguish good looks and a likability quotient [as Thor] that is off the charts.
Takes it seriously enough to satisfy the fanboys and slyly but respectfully tantalizes them with touches only they will understand.
A thoroughly enjoyable superhero film featuring a pair of breakthrough performances.
Thor suffers from Iron Man 2 syndrome: too much backstory, too many subplots and character introductions, and not nearly enough full-frontal nudity from Natalie Portman, who frankly is given very little to work with here.
Though it may not leave a lasting impression once the lights go up, Thor is lighthearted and thunderously good fun.
Thor is Marvel Studios' best movie so far. This is exactly the sort of movie you'd want to kick off the summer.
Expanding the cinematic Marvel-verse in stranger ways than the casual viewer might expect, it sets the stage for a larger storyline while still delivering a heroic tale for old-school comic readers.
A family torn apart, war, betrayal...these are all things the Bard wrote about and who better then the classically trained Branagh to help bring the story to the screen.
Chris Hemsworth is a double order of handsome with a side of charming. But Thor has that retread feel.
Solid storytelling, production design that reflects comic book roots, a hugely charismatic lead in Aussie Chris Hemsworth and Sir Anthony Hopkins suppressing his inner ham to deliver a real performance all add up to make "Thor" a winner.
"Thor" is the most entertaining superhero debut since the original Spiderman.
I can't tell you if it was entirely faithful to the comics, and at this stage, I don't care. I want to see good movies, and Thor delivered.
Branagh was meant to work on this scale. And even if ambition doesn't always equal vision, with Thor Branagh brings the two pretty closely in line.
All the requisite ingredients are wedged in: romance, redemption, a giant invincible robot. But it seems no one was paying attention to overall quality control.
Branagh does what he can to add a dash of humor here and there, but so much of "Thor" is postproduction animation - pretty, but every object has the insubstantial feel of the digital hand.
In the Marvel Comics firmament, Thor qualifies a second-tier superhero, and despite its classier-than-usual director, his film's kind of second-tier too, with lavish effects and big digital battles that register as pretty routine even in 3-D.
The last 25 minutes of "Thor" aren't much better than the first. But that hour in between - tasty, funny, robustly acted - more than compensates.
Handsomely mounted and sufficiently majestic.
It's a film with its own identity, the simple, thrilling story of a handsome god who falls to Earth and reminds everyone what heroes do.
"Thor" bridges the gap between high culture and low, between fanboys and mass moviegoers.
"Thor" has its strengths, but it is finally something of a mishmash with designs on being more interesting than it manages to be.
It is as close to a thinking person's comic-book superhero movie as the genre gets, and it's tempting to see parallels between the gods and monsters of then and now.
With its references to other properties in the Marvel universe and to classic tales of redemption, this no-surprises summer movie might appeal to those who've been bitten by radioactive spiders or the Shakespeare bug.
Great summer fun, anchored by a star-making performance from Chris Hemsworth.
Thor is a comic-book superhero movie with a split personality. There is weighty drama in the Kingdom of Asgard, while the tone of the film becomes flippant and funny when...
[Branagh's] Thor has more complex characters than the usual Transformers-style melee; though that may not be what the readers of Marvel comics now want, it satisfied me most of the time.
All in all, Thor is good, quick-witted superhero fun -- written, directed and acted by pros.
Truly a mishmash, by turns mythic and realistic, serious and ridiculous, humorous and risible, Shakespearean and modern, naive and cool, straightforward and loopy.
Not quite good enough to be thrilling, but never bad enough to be silly (except when it means to be), the Marvel comic Thor lumbers agreeably onto the screen to kick off the summer movie season.
A howling turkey is at least something to laugh at, and maybe even something to see. But "Thor" is an example of the programmed triumph of commercial calculation over imagination.
A middle-ground Marvel adaptation, but one with a good sense of humor.
"Thor'' shows the Marvel movie formula - amp up the laughs, deploy stars smartly, protect the franchise at all costs - at its most obvious and efficient. It gives mediocre a good name.
All in all, it's a good official start to the summer season - and for a movie superhero counting down the days until he joins the all-star "The Avengers."
In your cinematic Marvel rankings, Thor splits the difference between the two Iron Man films. A fine introduction to an arrogant warmonger who becomes a true hero when he decides to defend the helpless en route to a less than stellar and rushed final act.
About what you expect, maybe a little better. I'd put it somewhere between Iron Man and the first Spiderman on the comic-book-movie spectrum.
The only impressive thing about Thor is his wingspan.
Branagh has conjured an epic visual experience, infusing Thor with the expansive sweep of a comic book and some snappy personality, creating a wildly entertaining yarn.
At its best moments, Thor weaves a spot of magic from the complex science of $150-million fantasy-film technology.
Branagh may be the real hero here, bringing more than a few Shakespearean flourishes to a mythos that's rife with them.
Branagh's completely at home in this kind of inflated family drama, of course, and the three guys yell, sulk and brood in their ridiculous costumes to fine effect.
What really seals the deal is Hemsworth's undeniable charisma, making us ignore the patchiness of the scene changes and the occasional dialogue howler.
No matter how the filmmakers move Heaven and Earth, this comic-book adaptation looks cool but contains very little thunder.
Fun, adventurous, engrossing
This is twice now that Marvel Studios has made me care for a comic-book figure who initially struck me as dopey.
You might not expect it, but this Kenneth Branagh-helmed comic book movie delivers - thanks to a deftly-balanced tone and Anthony Hopkins as Odin.
When it's required to be serious, it stays somber. When it has to explode across the screen, Thor soars.
It succeeds only on the most basic level.
Branagh tries not to lose that connection but he's overwhelmed by design and technology, like many who would enter the arena of fantasy blockbuster movie-making.
[It's] confusing because it's been getting reasonably favorable word of mouth despite the fact that it's as thoroughly a mediocre superhero movie as you'd care to imagine.
Branagh gives Thor a Shakespearean pathos.
The summer movie season officially kicks off with a thunderstorm of the best kind.
Its scope is large enough to please fans well versed in the source material, but its tone is light enough to make it a mainstream hit.
Pulls off something I wouldn't have thought possible: It restores the innocence to big-budget superhero mythmaking.
Branagh is out for fun, and he finds it, in large doses.
For a film that never stops flirting with silliness, it's impressive how likable and down-to-earth Thor proves to be.
Thor is a giddy value-sized bag of popcorn, and it will delight genre fans, though its charms aren't quite oversized enough to provide cover for all of its script and character problems.
Lightning strikes again for Marvel - though not as strongly as in previous years - with yet another big screen version of an iconic superhero culled from its vast library.
There are dozens of ways a Thor movie could go wrong, but I guess it pays to trust in a talented director and keep your fingers crossed.
As great as Hemsworth and Hiddleston are, they cannot overcome the film's flaws. All they can do is drag THOR up from awful to fairly tolerable.
The writing's sharp, the story zips along, and the cast does a terrific job of bringing this fantasy adventure to life.
Just when you think you've had enough comic book-to-film adaptations, a movie like 'Thor' comes along to prove there's nothing wrong with sticking with something that works.
Virtually a special-effects miracle.
An epic adventure of the classical sense, blending Norse mythology with human drama, romance, and a splash of hammer time!
Gods and monsters be damned, Thor is still the same old origin story, indistinguishable from the dozens we've seen in summers past.
The Norse gods are off to a decent, though not divine, start in Thor, the latest movie in Marvel Comics' big-screen expansion of its superhero pantheon.
The fact they've found a way into the comic material without being precious about it leaves you immediately wanting to see more of all the characters.
Neither disaster nor triumph, Thor is an aggressively average crowd-pleaser.
Thor is a Thor movie and it doesn't do anything to sell me on the mythology... Even though I've never read a Thor comic, I knew exactly what would happen... And I'm sorry, armor on earth looks silly.
Flawed though it sometimes is, most of these criticisms can be deflected by the thunder-stealing charm offensive Branagh and his cast have managed to mount.
A wonderful fantasy epic and one that can stand alone and attach to the Marvel onslaught of superhero cinematic entries storming theaters...
Though occasionally wry it's not as out and out fun as some of the best comic films, but Thor rises to the challenge on the back of solid storytelling and a focus on character more action films could do with.
There is a healthy dose of cheese in this slightly campy superhero flick and it does well not to take itself too seriously.
A moderately entertaining film on which an immoderately large amount of time and money has been expended.
An infectiously enjoyable adventure that combines great spectacle with human drama and tongue-in-cheek fun with just the right degree of seriousness.
A movie that sidesteps cynicism and its own sloppy script to become a perfectly good, perfectly scaled bit of summer entertainment.
A boisterous, bustling spectacle that attempts to balance the onslaught of special-effects wizardry with some welcome touches of humour and humanity.
Thor's digital trickery and pyrotechnics doesn't appear to faze Branagh, who balances the thrills of a summer blockbuster with tender romance and broad comedy.
A brilliant addition to the Marvel world. He came, he Thor, he kicked some ass.
Real biceps, a dirty-blond mane, and the refreshing physicality of Hemsworth's general presence beat these other pixellated champs at their own game, giving this movie and its hero a less schizoid identity.
This is entertaining stuff, a serviceable summer movie and Asgard to be a good thing.
Hemsworth fully embodies Thor with all the energy, passion, arrogance and blundering foolery you'd come to expect from a mythical warrior who lands on Earth.
Even though it's over-designed and far too loud, the characters are strong enough to hold our interest.
Branagh effortlessly camouflages the film's many weaknesses with a sense of endearment rarely to be found in such extravagantly constructed movies.
It's hard to get very involved in fighting when it's between immortals and there aren't really any physical constraints or consequences, don't you find?
Branagh makes the most of CGI's potential to create glimmering surfaces and vast landscapes and, for once, the 3D is a bonus.
It's enjoyable while it lasts, and as a primer for The Avengers - with a proper, plot-setting post-credits scene, to boot - it works a treat.
An endearing throwback to simpler times: when men were men, gods were gods and heroes looked like bodybuilders who'd just raided the dress-up box. Just don't expect to remember much about it afterwards.
Hiddleston does sly and manipulative with relative restraint, that balances out Hemsworth's shouty braggadocio.
Delivers pretty much everything you could want from a Thor movie, thanks to a superb script, note-perfect direction from Kenneth Branagh, a terrific supporting cast and a charismatic, star-making central performance from Chris Hemsworth.
Thor-roughly good fun.
The Lord of the Rings. On Coruscant. Or Discworld. Cuz that's what [Branagh]'s done here, with a topping of wormholes and a sweetly old-fashioned side dish of Richard Donner's Superman...
Rather than bang us over the head with that hammer, Hemsworth and Kenneth Branagh take a mischievous, light-hearted approach more in keeping with the Marvel Comic than the ancient mythology.
Forget Hamlet and Henry V, Kenneth Branagh puts Shakespeare behind him and gives us a hero with real clout.
Thor may not have the star power, street cred or brand recognition of some of its fellow Marvel titles, but at least it's funny and fun.
Lens flares aside, Branagh has done a superb job at grounding (Thor's) more fantastical moments, and ensuring nothing feels too silly or over-the-top.
By Odin's beard, it's a winner.
The trickiest of the Avengers line-up to translate to the screen, 'Thor' deserves a lot of praise for getting right something that could have gone wrong so easily.
It seems grandiose to talk of emotional authenticity in the case of a movie like Thor but the actors actually seem involved in the characters and the story. You don't feel like they're laughing on the inside. It's involving and that's always fun.
A magnificent space romp that will thrill even the most cynical viewer, and a fantastic and fantastical reason to make the trip to the cinema.
While the plotting of Thor is decidedly cheesy, the action sequences it spawns -- particularly whenever tensions heat up with those terrifying Frost Giants -- hold their own in awesome fashion.
Norse nonsense, but great fun.
After Iron Man's extended Avengers advert and The Incredible Hulk's misfire, it's certainly a sight for Thor eyes.
Hopkins brings gravitas rather than ham to his role, Hiddleston's Loki is a villain to look out for and the action is suitably earth-shattering.
Performances are fine; Hopkins is an imposing Odin and Chris Hemsworth is obviously on his way to real stardom with this.
A thuper Thoraway thuctheth.
Somebody, somewhere, is proud of the art direction and animation that brings this city to life, but it just looks like a Lord of the Rings fan film.
Branagh has knocked his film together with a terrific, freewheeling gusto. It has its tongue in its cheek and the fun is infectious. For all of its faults, Thor's never a bore.
There are plenty of action scenes, a few little laughs and an air of genuine adventure; it doesn't take my breath away, but I can see it has an audience
The film takes off and in great style, offering a fantastic fantasy adventure with all the latest mod cons by way of 3D, visual effects and production design, ensuring a thrilling and stimulating escapist movie experience
While Thor may not be a thundering triumph, it's decent enough fun to make you hope that lightning strikes twice and we get a sequel.
A winning blend of thrill and feeling, respect and irreverence, Thor lifts Marvel's movie stocks considerably.
Turn off the snark-o-meter, and this is a return to form for Marvel, introducing a new hero we'll be happy to see again in, oh, about a year or so.
Branagh succeeds in making Thor accessible, coherent and engaging. He takes something that could have potentially been silly, and crafts it into a big, grand, visually impressive slab of superhero cinema.
The most problematic hurdle in The Avengers' path is cleared with ease and some style by a film that makes a virtue of its inherent silliness. You're up, Captain America.
Kenneth Branagh [delivers] enough style and action to satisfy fans and newcomers alike.
The hammer-hurling god of thunder kicks off this superhero summer with a bang.
Thor delivers the goods so long as butt is being kicked and family conflict is playing out in celestial dimensions, but is less thrilling during the Norse warrior god's rather brief banishment on Earth.
Two hammers up! As much of an A to B job as these films are, they're all very solid commercial blockbusters and Thor is no exception - in fact visually it might just be the most impressive.
Thor is not a groundbreaking film but it's a satisfying and entertaining spectacle that facilitates decent character and narrative development over its running time.
Kenneth Branagh's Thor may not achieve the level of epic, Shakespearean awesomeness it so dearly covets, but its failings could only be a footnote in the annals of comic-book movie history.
With the occasional laugh bolstering the simple story, Thor remains wholly intriguing largely because of its cast.
Impressive in scale and design and featuring a star making turn from its leading man, Thor is a dazzling example of the superhero movie done right.
It wants to impress with dazzling special effects rather than through an emotive, captivating story.
It is his transition from a super-powered being to a full-blown superhero... a movie that doesn't really feel like any of the other Marvel movies, that has its own voice, and that pulls off its various goals with real charm.
Thor may not be a game-changer for comic book movies, but it's a solidly entertaining one most noteworthy for taking what could have been utterly campy material and making it dramatic and relatable.

@highlight

A dazzling blockbuster that tempers its sweeping scope with wit, humor, and human drama, Thor is mighty Marvel entertainment.