A mind-bender thriller all too cleverly helmed by the risk taking Brit filmmaker Danny Boyle.
British director Danny Boyle has delivered a thriller that takes place inside the thoughts of one character and it proves to be a head trip of the best kind - visually arresting, rapidly paced and unafraid of going into darker places.
In the end, it's the unnecessary tricksiness of the film that halts its flow. A crucial human component is missing.
[Trance] evokes an eerie, hypnotic wonderment, consuming you and transporting you, until inevitably, the fingers snap, the eyes open, and the rapturous trance is broken.
Trance is your biennial reminder that Danny Boyle is one of our greatest living directors.
It's not that I don't think Boyle knows, by the time things start to get really bananas in the second half, that his movie is silly. I'm jut not convinced that he ever decided how he felt about it.
It's a deliriously head-spinning exercise in light and sound, attacking the audience's senses while spitting in the face of linear storytelling, smiling all the while.
In less qualified hands, Trance wouldn't be this entertaining.
It goes off the rails, but in a way that's exciting and reinvigorating.
Trance is high-order, film noir nonsense that takes Boyle back to the thrillers he made at the start of his career with John Hodge (he wrote Trance, too), like Shallow Grave and Trainspotting, that were preoccupied with the grimy corners of the psyche.
In the first half I was definitely invested in what was unfolding, but couldn't believe by the end that director Boyle could deliver something so ham fisted and clunky.
The muddled mental states of the characters (and that of the audience) are mirrored by the film's visual style, which oscillates between languorous dreamscapes and frenetic action sequences.
[Director Danny] Boyle has not only delivered a first-rate thriller, he has produced a film that should inspire healthy debate... both about its plotting and characters. In a world of disposable entertainment, it is a lasting piece of art.
The trance angle adds an interesting dimension to an otherwise routine crime caper flick.
Multi-layered and beautifully-filmed by Oscar winner Danny Boyle, this drama lets viewers into the world of art and hypnosis in a tale that should be talked about long after the credits roll.
It's a film that blurs several lines - including those between fantasy and reality, heroes and villains, and fact and fiction - and does so in a way that puts a fresh and compelling spin on contemporary film noir and heist pictures.
A complex, breakneck and stirring modern thriller, superb in both execution and conceptual ideas even if it is a little over-indulgent.
An occasionally frustrating and far-fetched psychological thriller with enough deceptive plot switchbacks and visual tricks for three movies.
At least the film looks great, but without much of a spark, 'Trance' can only make you sleepy - very sleepy.
The unpredictable journey through fluid and malleable concepts of reality and identity is consistently gripping.
Aparentemente, Danny Boyle encontra-se encantado demais pelas possibilidades da l칩gica visual que criou para se incomodar com a (falta de) l칩gica da hist칩ria que est치 contando.
Trance is an elaborate tease. Trance is more mindless than mind-bending.
The best we can say about this is that it's better than Guy Ritchie.
Boyle's showboating has none of the impact of the film's most memorable image, a sudden full-length shot of Rosario Dawson, as bare as a Renaissance Venus. This is a startling example of cinema's original and unsurpassed special effect: the human figure.
Trance isn't the director's best by a long shot, but it's a perfectly serviceable thriller with all Boyle's trademark flourishes.
... a flashy time-killer, a hodgepodge of trompe l'oeil ruses that add up to your standard noir mystery, only tricked-out in the latest in digital effects.
Trance is a busy, glittering picture, but you never have much of a stake in the outlandish twists (unless you happen to take hypnotism very seriously).
Like any good thriller worth its weight in red herrings, Trance keeps the audience guessing for the vast majority of its running time.
A beguilingly brilliant cinematic puzzle.
(Rosario) Dawson, in a performance worthy of an Academy Award nomination, reveals Lamb to be a wily fox able to outwit the stronger prey that surrounds her.
Director Danny Boyle goes off the boil with this meandering Inception wannabe... far from being a clever, tense heist-film-with-a-twist Trance is a laboured, over-stylised slice of pseudo-psychological babble. And it's kind of dull.
An overly-preposterous, neo-Noir crime thriller that unravels its central mystery - and then collapses when bringing deeper significance to the proceedings.
Trippy, intriguing, and enigmatic - it's a surreal, clever, ambiguous brain-teaser that will keep you thinking long after the lights go up.
Trance is to Danny Boyle more or less as Side Effects was to Steven Soderbergh: an arty spin on a trashy B-movie, engineered to showcase the director's particular gifts.
The most mind-boggling movie since Inception, in a good way.
Deliciously twisty, until it has too many twists.
While we may not be able to trust any of the characters in Trance, we can certainly count on the filmmakers to deliver a story that holds us transfixed from start to finish.
The writing is crisp and the acting on target.
Convoluted and deliciously twisty but worth even a second viewing. I've been placed under hypnosis and it's not like this at all. Why isn't Vincent Cassel a huge star in the U.S.?
This is a stylish enough, mind-bending thriller, a cocktail of "Inception," "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind," and "The Thomas Crown Affair" (the remake).
Trance stumbles around like a blind rat in a maze with no cheese at any exit: Whatever conclusion it reaches will leave us dissatisfied.
Danny Boyle injects every minute of Trance's plot-tangled running time with frenetic energy and style, cleverly distracting us from an implausible story that never plays fair with its twists.
Like a beautifully elaborate origami weave of story strands I didn't believe for even a single second.
This isn't your classic film noir, but director Danny Boyle has put an interesting spin on the genre with "Trance."
Is there anything Boyle can't do?
A high-gloss throwback to Boyle's first movie, Shallow Grave.
A cracking thriller built around art auctioneer James McAvoy' convenient amnesia, Danny Boyle's Trance jumps the rails in the closing stretch.
An action-packed juggernaut with more twists and turns than one can, or should, expect. "Trance" is the kind of thriller I live for.
"Trance" is deliciously psychological, constantly blurring the line between fantasy and reality.
An artsy thriller that continuously reveals new layers and plays off the intertwined notion of what's real, what's a memory and what's manipulation. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
By trying to be all things at once, Trance diffuses the potency of each of its disparate ambitions.
Playing like an Inception lite, it requires considerable suspension of disbelief, but it does a nice job of keeping audiences back on their heels.
The story draws us in even through the murk.
A vivid, modern film noir full of slowly unfolding secrets and sexual tension ...
Dawson walks through this film with majestic confidence while McAvoy is constantly inches from a full breakdown. And Boyle keeps that tension mesmerizing.
I came away wondering whether the headache I left the theater with was such a bad -- or even unintentional -- thing after all.
There are plenty of levels ... to this tale of a hesitant art thief hindered by amnesia and aided by hypnosis; there are at least two levels too many.
It's not a perfect film, nor is it really trying to be. It's a fun mindf***, filled with great performances, a thumping soundtrack and trippy visuals. If that's your bag, check it out!
The plot of Trance is purposely convoluted - you're supposed to get more and more confused as the story unfolds, not always sure if what you're watching is a dream.
A restless, furious, jittery exercise in answering one gap of logic by creating another.
[Boyle] leaves it to the audience to try to figure out just what's up, and what's going down, in this sleek psychological puzzler.
It's an ingeniously built automaton, sexy as hell, and devoid of a heart.
Maybe it's too smart for its own good. The web of deceit and double-cross is a fantastic construction to behold, but the final act feels as though someone had just swept it away like so much cobwebbery.
If you're going to champion style over substance, you'll want Danny Boyle providing the style.
With "Trance," story becomes just another element in Boyle's commercial pop-Cubism, and the results are nearly fatal.
By the close you're likely to be exhausted by the effort to keep things straight and angry that you bothered to try.
In Trance, it's hard to care about anyone.
Half as smart as it pretends to be, and twice as weird.
For much of the film ... Boyle's innate flair as a dramatist and conjurer keeps one clamped to the armrests.
Boyle is telling us a story of a perfect crime gone awry. But like his protagonist, he's really shifty about it.
An undeniably well-made thriller that works back in on itself a few too many times for disbelief to stay suspended but delivers enough escapist entertainment to be considered a success.
Danny Boyle seems to have had a blast making Trance. It's a pity he makes it so difficult to share in his joy.
Even when the plot goes completely bonkers, bat-guano off the rails, "Trance" is a perfect title for this dazed and confusing movie. See it but don't dare explain it to anyone. Then see it again and realize you would have been wrong.
Boyle gets too caught up in a blind sprint of disorientation, and Trance, as busy as it imagines itself to be, registers as lot of heavy breathing without any oxygen to spare.
...most enjoyable for the way each of the three leads offers a twist on classic noir archetypes.
While you're watching "Trance," it's so deft at pulling the wool over your eyes it's only later that you think, "I can't believe it got me."
When we awaken from this "Trance," we wish we could have our amnesia back.
For a while, "Trance" had me guessing, and more or less hooked. Then the violence, motivations, double-crosses and fantasy/reality tangles became tedious.
Until its nested structure grows tiresome, Trance serves as slick, shifty entertainment, anchored by three excellent lead performances as slithery as the movie.
"Breathtaking" is an adjective that should be used sparingly when discussing film, lest the word begin to lose its rightful weight and inference. "Trance" is just that, and then so much more.
Boyle's expressive style creates its own trance to carry past the implausible explanations, all the way through to the end.
Director Danny Boyle is clearly trying to make his "Inception," but instead he's made his "Vanilla Sky."
TRANCE is neither righteously wanton nor deliberately abstract. It's merely half-baked storytelling made memorable by sheer ugliness.
"Trance" is a masterpiece that will leave your imagination running wild.
The film's sensory experience is too alluring to resist, Boyle salvaging his unduly swirly story with a slathering of his shimmering, sumptuous aesthetics.
Like most of Boyle's work, this is a stylish and clever film. But it's also one of the few that I don't feel like going back to.
While Danny Boyle's frenetic direction excels, the film is always one long lost evil twin away from deteriorating to complete melodrama
Stretches plausibility but enormously engaging with with rhythmic visuals, killer soundtrack and ballsy cast.
The only perceptible purpose of the story is to pay homage to Dawson, and rightly so; her character is a rare blend of she-devil and sculptured deity, rising above the follies of mere men.
If you were to tell me that Danny Boyle had told his long-standing First Assistant Director to go make a movie "in the style of Danny Boyle", and he had done so, and that the result had been TRANCE, I would've believed you. This is him slumming, badly.
a thing of grotesquely fascinating beauty, an evolved noir designed to provoke and to disturb in equal measure as it toys with the audience's notions of absolute certainty
McAvoy has our sympathies at the start, but he hasn't invested his character with any tells that might explain things we learn as things shift. When they do, it's like a switch has been flipped and all that's left is the dupe.
An entertaining psychological thriller, [but] it doesn't quite live up to Boyle's more recent, award-winning work.
Boyle gets Trance off to his usual strong start, but it's Dawson who keeps the film afloat in its darkest (second) hour.
Boyle loads his movie with so many snazzy effects that we lose sight of what it all means.
I can't remember the last time I had this much fun having the rug pulled out from under me.
Boyle's films usually never run out of steam and while 'Trance' is at times moving, provocative, entertaining and presents an interesting conundrum, there aren't enough tracks to keep the film from maintaining a steady pace of clarity.
Mind-bending thriller is excessive and violent but artful.
Danny Boyle's trippy, Inception-like thriller is a hypnotic head trip that demands you trust no one.
The dreamy unconscious in Trance seems haphazard, frenetic and often meaningless.
Dreamland psycho-thriller elevates plot-knotting mind games to a delirious new level.
Super stylish- this is Boyle having fun in his first straight-up thriller since SHALLOW GRAVE.
Like any good illusionist, Boyle understands that misdirection is a big part of the gag..feels like a Boyle escapade from start to finish.
When Boyle finally pulls aside the curtain to show what he's been up to all along, we don't feel as if we've been fairly fooled. We feel as if we've been cheated ...
Trance makes it hard to focus on any one aspect at a time, keeping its unpredictable storyline swirling from plot point to plot point, tone to tone and reality to reality with a playful guidance.
... the best film about the role memory plays in our lives since "Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind"...
A slick heist tale with more twists than sense, this is one movie that ends up outsmarting itself.
I floated in and out of states that included suspense, surprise, delight and shock, all of them adding up to steady-state enjoyment.
Mr. Boyle is a flamboyant visual stylist with a punk rocker's delight in anarchic jolts. His is a cinema of attraction and repulsion.
Boyle may be sleepwalking - speed-sleepwalking, maybe - through Trance. But he's awake and alive when it comes to knowing what his actors can do.
greater in sum than as a collection of inconsistent parts
The movie is never boring or uninteresting, but I viewed it from a detached perspective, unable to become involved because I didn't really care about any of the three main characters.
Viewers who get hung up on story logic - or prefer movies that feature at least one sympathetic character - will spend much of "Trance"'s 101 minutes gritting their teeth.
This exhilarating brain-twister is a nonstop visual, aural and intellectual delight, steeped in movie conventions and yet fizzing with freshness. It's what happens when film noir goes out to a rave.
A frisky, feisty heist flick with brains and charisma, the movie may make a few errors, but they're forgotten in the blink of an eye thanks to all the twists, turns and close shaves.
Boyle is always worth paying attention to, and McAvoy is captivting, but this twisty film is a stylish disappoint with a long, dull middle section.
Narratively, Trance is questionable, but Boyle and Hodges whisk past all the unlikely developments with enough verve and style to keep audiences from thinking too hard until after they've left the theater.
Shimmering visuals and a hypnotic soundtrack cant fully hide the flaws in an improbable plot that probes into the mind and memories of an amnesia suffering art thief.
From any other director, Trance would be just fine, but coming from Danny Boyle after such a long gap, it's hard not to be disappointed by what is clearly weaker material.
You get the feeling that Boyle recut the footage so often, and in so many looped combinations, that he began to see links between images that no one in the audience would.
A mesmerizing movie that is a heist flick; a psychological thriller about loss of memory and the powers of hypnotism; and a provocative parable about human desire, greed, sexuality, paranoia, and betrayal
If it were any other director at the helm of Trance it would be a more impressive film, but instead it's one of Boyle's more mediocre efforts.
The film plays like something Boyle could kick out in his sleep, all his supercool devices listlessly deployed in service of a mediocre wet dream.
Anything goes, which may make all this great fun for the hallucinogenically inclined, but since nothing in these sequences has any lasting consequences, suspense is difficult to amplify.
The rolling of the end credits acts like a finger-snap, after which I suggest you return to your life without giving what's transpired much further though. Easy to watch; easy to dismiss.
Danny Boyle reworks familiar tropes--stolen art, expedient amnesia and the ever-titillating love triangle--into a stylish, diverting thriller.
Trance is dazzling to look at and has a plot that's more tangled than a game of Twister, but once you've been dazzled and have unravelled all the plot knots and kinks you're left surprisingly unsatisfied.
"Shallow Grave" was one of Boyle's less stylish films, but it succeeded because of the interplay between its central characters. By comparison, "Trance" is simply shallow.
An insufferable cross between "Inception" and the twisty heist noir of Jean-Pierre Melville, "Trance" is a shapelessly propulsive mess of pop psychology and poor drama.
[An] enjoyable, labyrinthine neo-noir thriller.
It feels more like a technical stunt, but one DDanny Boyle pulls off with his usual panache, if not his usual heart.
A hugely entertaining but dreadfully convoluted crime romp, in which logic flies out the door as wandering illusions of the mind take hold.
You are swept along while it lasts and then, following a click of the fingers, you forget everything that just happened. A tolerable distraction.
Danny Boyle is obviously having a ball with this thriller, deploying every cinematic trick he can think of to throw the audience off the track. But sometimes too much of a good thing is annoying.
McAvoy plays the inside man out of his depth with a neat blend of mischief and wide-eyed innocence, although it's Cassel's ruthless kingpin who makes the strongest impression.
Trance is a beguilingly strange and exciting film that starts out as a traditional heist movie and heads off into dark and violent territory as it challenges you to keep up with its freewheeling plot.
It's trippily entertaining but vanishes up its own tricksiness. What will the blessed Boyle do next?
A tedious shambles.
Trance is a deliberately trashy bit of pulp cinema but I wish it wasn't quite so frenetic and confusing.
Creative filmmaking that elevates what could have been a pretentious thriller into an artistic, compelling and intriguing surprise
It's one hell of a trip and Danny Boyle jerks us well beyond our comfort zone in this intriguing and often bewildering tale
Boyle's film is barking: the kind of story that could only have been dreamt up under hypnosis.
For fans of Danny Boyle, Trance is a dreamy disappointment but you can't help thinking that during the making of this film his mind was transfixed somewhere else in East London.
While the final result is callous and lacking any real depth, Danny Boyle's Trance is still a feast for the eyes and the ears, with a trio of marvellous performances.
Trance is what happens when one of our finest filmmakers himself regresses into a past life: it's far from perfect, but you can hardly begrudge him the trip.
[D]eliciously preposterous... one of the most original heist flicks ever...
Screenwriters Joe Ahearne and John Hodge, seeking to spanner the psychodrama ever tighter, finally prang the whole assemblage.
Trance is a bold statement that after dabbling in the theatre and sport, Boyle is still a confident force to be reckoned with.
It's all provocatively kooky, and ample spoilers forbid ample explanation, but Trance also draws out Boyle's less dazzling commercial side, not to mention his penchant for whirling excess.
Pulsing with loud style, it's a vibrant, vibey joyride.
Ultimately, it's only Boyle's supremely assured style that saves it imploding into a overcooked stew of half-memories and untrustworthy recollections.
An enjoyable brain-scrambler of a thriller with strong performances from all three leads, though the emotional impact is ultimately lost amidst all the twists and turns.
Trance will divide people. A film like this really rests on the payoff of its twist, and the Trance twist is limp and signposted early on.
Trance is a film so twisty and slippery that it almost succeeds in making you lose interest in its outcome.
A hallucinatory trip about art thieves that will mess with your mind. I say that as a deeply felt compliment.
How much you'll bite down on Boyle's shtick will probably depend on your own suggestibility.
A dazzling, absorbing entertainment which shows off Danny Boyle's mastery of complex storytelling and black, black humour.
Trance isn't a bad film, just an underwhelming one, yet still worth catching if you are in a susceptible mood.
[A] mind-bending psychological crime thriller.
Trance is flawed and uneven, but it's also a frequently beautiful and melancholic.
It's a kick to see Boyle back in lickety-split genre mode.
A head-spinning, psychologically rich take on the crime flick. Those who anointed Boyle a national icon after the Olympics will likely be taken aback by the sex and violence, but one senses he's been having too much fun to notice.
Superficial pleasures aside, however, the convoluted script jumps and dodges so often, it soon loses the thread of its own story.
Danny Boyle has great and plainly evident fun adding twists and curves and tunnels and endless style to his modern London noir Trance, but he makes so many left turns that the film turns in on itself rather than going anywhere.
[Trace] works to a certain extent, with Danny Boyle drawing out game and smart performances from his three leads, James McAvoy, Vincent Cassel and (especially) Rosario Dawson.
Trance delivers its thrills & seductions, twists & turns, psychological sublimations & sexual deviations, with utter confidence - yet, even as it takes us for a ride, it lets us know that this is exactly what it is doing, and defies us to get off
Often it's a thin line between genius and madness, and director Danny Boyle just tips the balance the wrong way with this psychological heist thriller.
You can't help but thrum with adrenalin.
Trance is halfway between being a complete mess and an absolute masterpiece.
Kinetic thriller about hypnosis is irritatingly befuddling, not mesmerising
A film that takes a psychedelic ride into the blackest pits of the subconscious.
Even the greatest directors can falter. This is just a minor blip in Boyle's remarkable career.
A self-aware, genre-subverting piece of postmodernism, which culminates in a deliberately OTT finale.
Trance is a lucid cinematic dream that combines popcorn entertainment with artistic style and brains. It's the gold standard for 2013 that all other films are going to have to live up to.

@highlight

As stylish as ever, director Danny Boyle seems to be treading water with the surprisingly thinly written Trance -- but for fans of Boyle's work, it should still prove a trippily entertaining distraction.