Aan engaging Jordanian film about friendship between generations -- and courage at any age.
Great taste isn't quite the same as great filmmaking, and director Matalqa sometimes lapses into broad humour and even broader melodrama in this generally low-key, wistful tale.
...the movie finally can't help but come off as a disappointing missed opportunity.
A sweet-tempered tale about the power of fantasy and storytelling becomes a starker parable about human connection and personal sacrifice.
a genuine find, a humane and compelling movie of scale. Written and directed by Jordanian-American Amin Matalqa, it's a simple tale of airport janitor Abu Raed (Nadim Sawalha), who is mistaken for an airline pilot by the children in his working-class neig
A stealthily powerful drama ... highlighted by a beautiful score and strong performances.
Gentle, humanistic and suffocatingly sentimental.
A rare Middle Eastern film that keeps its focus on its characters rather than larger concerns that mirror the region's continuing strife.
Matalqa's film shows how the most liberating flights might be those of the imagination.
[A] heartwarming drama.
A moving dramatic fable about an elderly airport janitor's relationship with a bunch of Amman street kids.
Despite the film's flaws, there's something winsome about Abu Raed in his captain's hat, entertaining kids with visits to cities that exist only in his imagination.
It's easy to get attached to Captain Abu Raed
Writer-director Amin Matalqa's debut affirms life, plucks heartstrings, and knows no shame.
This is a loving, sad and tragic film, but a hopeful movie, too.
His journey makes for a complex film that goes beyond the obvious. It, too, travels. And it travels well.
An endearing blend of myth and melodrama that forthrightly explores family abuse in its own society.
...both the somewhat sentimental tale of a senior citizen making a change in the life of a child and a movie that forges its own path with unexpected developments.
Captain Abu Raed reaches for restrained empathy but cannot hide its bald-faced emotional manipulations and squishy, sentimental core.
There's an aura of tension as Abu Raed helps a boy escape from his abusive father. And the location shots of Amman are impressive.
Mr. Matalqa seems more interested in a wistful atmosphere than in complexity. Mr. Sawalha, a veteran television and film actor, has no trouble creating that.
Eager, earnest and ultimately a little too easy on the conscience, Amin Matalqa's Jordanian melodrama is social commentary with the gloss of classical Italian drama.
It's a simple story told with dignity and aiming for universal relevance.
Making a polished feature debut after directing shorts at the American Film Institute, Jordanian-born, American-educated Matalqa demonstrates a subtle touch with a well-chosen cast.
'Captain Abu Raed' could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship between new filmmaker Amin Matalqa and discerning moviegoers everywhere.
Nadim Sawalha gives a terrific performance, subtle and complex, and most effective when the camera simply lingers on his face.
Amin Matalqa's teary drama, Captain Abu Raed, takes its obvious cues from the neorealism of Satyajit Ray and Jean Renoir, but Matalqa doesn't know how to balance melodrama with quiet moments the way the masters did.
Such a subtle yet global view of human struggle -- the whole world viewed through the prism of a single poor neighborhood -- is a mark of extraordinary promise from this remarkable new filmmaker.
If there's a flaw to the film, it's that the hero has none -- he's such a saint that this sometimes feels like a scripture lesson.
Writer-director Matalqa cites City Lights as one of his favorites, and to Chaplin there are two predominant connections in his film.
Captain Abu Raed is a straightforward heart-tugging melodrama that, while safe and conventional, is likable in numerous ways.
Belies the inexperience of its makers, for it's a substantial, deeply moving film that has the potential to captivate audiences everywhere.



@highlight

A poetic and deeply felt debut by director Amin Matalqa, Captain Abu Raed is simultaneously mythic and melodramatic.