There's no doubt that Soderbergh's vision is arresting and sickeningly credible.
Contagion suffers from an occasionally sterile perspective on what should be an emotionally harrowing experience, but it's refreshing to see what happens when you turn a horror movie premise into something that feels like a good episode of The West Wing.
Among the reasons Soderbergh is one of the most vital moviemakers of his generation is that he's so quick to work in different situations. I respect this latest test; in large part, I enjoyed it.
It's thought provoking-we should all be more circumspect with our hygiene-and it's a realistic look at what would happen if such a viral outbreak occurred...
A bit of a mixed bag at times, its overall well developed character sketches and good performances will certainly keep the attention of moviegoers and no doubt increase DVD sales (as well as, perhaps, sales of Purell).
Contagion begins with a cough and ends with a whimper.
Paltrow's bits are among the films creepiest, since, award-winning actress that she is, she's horrifyingly convincing in the throes of advanced symptoms, as well as looking extremely dead.
What it is, is a hypochondria-inducing thriller that will likely have you keep off the handrails as you exit the theater, head straight to the nearest Duane Reade and stockpile bulk-size surgical masks, latex gloves and hand sanitizer.
As a thriller that threatens a quick and gruesome demise behind every expended breath, Contagion does a workmanlike job.
This high-stakes drama is infected with too many characters and a silly subplot.
This is a movie that will pound your pulse without having a pulse itself. It's quite proud of it.
"As slick and polished as this "real" version of "28 Days Later" is, it's an utterly heartless affair."
What we end up with is a film that is not particularly bad, just one that seemed unnecessary since it's a story we've already seen many times before.
Contagion may be a case of feverishly good filmmaking (and an excellent, if slightly more high brow, addition to the disaster movie genre), but ultimately it will leave you with little besides an admiration for Soderbergh's artistry.
A drama of this magnitude deserves memorable, nuanced characters. [But] as a reminder that a single gust of panic can bring down civilization like a house of cards, it works.
Before Contagion is anything else, it's a master class in filmmaking - shooting, editing, making a movie move.
Soderbergh's detachment actually creates an effective air of understatement when working in tandem with the contrasting warmth and commitment of his cast.
If you're a hypochondriac or paranoid (or both), don't watch this film.
A bit emotionless and clinical, but Contagion is a pretty spot-on blow-by-blow of what it would be like if a real viral epidemic were to break out.
No, Soderbergh and Burns are more interested in tackling this scenario from an almost unbearably direct and unambiguously straightforward journalistic perspective.
The fiercely intelligent Contagion outdoes its genre competition precisely because it doesn't dumb itself down for our sake.
Soderbergh, who is as skilled as they come at uplifting routine templates, gives the infection movie über-A-list treatment.
As disaster celeb-loaded disaster movies go, it could have been a lot worse.
At the heart of Contagion is the fear of a disease that can send the world into anarchy, a scenario which seems extreme but is actually dangerously realistic.
A first-rate cast, excellent acting, and a reasonably taut pace help a somewhat lackluster and sometimes melodramatic story line over its more-predictable soft spots.
No one becomes a zombie as in 28 Days Later but the trajectory here is about the same and 10 times more frightening because of its true-to-life, very probable scenario.
A supercharged cross between an episode of CSI and a World Health Organization infographic.
The disease/pandemic movie has grown up.
Steven Lederberg's realization of Scott Burns' original screenplay is more interesting for its statistics and protocols than gripping drama as the world comes to terms with a virus that threatens to remove one-in-twelve from the planet.
I'm not making this up: I had a coughing fit during 'Contagion.'Luckily, I was sitting at the very back of the theater, so I was less likely (I hope) to add to the tension unfolding on the screen.
Contagion is a reminder that we're hardly in as much control of the globe as we think.
As soon as you hear Gwyneth Paltrow cough, you know where you're headed.
Todo luce muy cool, demasiado para un film en el que la gente muere como moscas y en el que se pretende alertarnos sobre una inminente crisis global. Pero no hay tiempo para desarrollar interés emocional por ninguno de los personajes.
A paean to death by bat droppings mixed with a bit of pork.
A methodical exploration of the threat of pandemics and how we share space with our fellow human beings. If you aren't chilled by the potential, you should be.
Star-studded and well-directed pandemic story that offers style at the expense of thrills, any emotional connection, and at times, logic.
In an exemplary cast, Matt Damon stands out as Paltrow's seemingly immune husband, as does Elliott Gould in an understated cameo.
It's Purell for the disaster movie movement. You may find yourself wishing for a little more grime and viscera.
[T]errifyingly credible... Foremost a detective story, with a science-positive bent...
This is slick, watchable stuff performed by an all-star ensemble...
Contagion's not the feel-good movie of the year, but it's effective, compelling and smart and will have you twitching at every cough you hear for days afterwards.
A surprisingly clinical work.... it asks each of us: what would I do, and would I be proud of it?
A concise and complex screenplay that is circular in structure and rarely lags as it canvasses the natural unravelling of society and the glue that bonds humanity together
Soderbergh keeps a cool head throughout, refraining from the tear-jerking storylines and cheesy emoting you typically get in disaster movies. You might not be groping for tissues, but you'll definitely be reaching for the anti-viral gel by the close.
In the end it feels a little like a Fincher wannabee, rather than boasting its an identity in itself.
A stunningly-made film guaranteed to send hypochondriacs into a frenzy.
Tension is palpable from the opening frames.
There is only one voice in Contagion and it is a rather empty one.
For the most part the star cast inject this with everything it needs to take root in your brain and have you edging away from anyone who coughs on the bus.
Steven Soderbergh's well-researched, convincing, courageously bleak drama about how a lethal virus could decimate the human race.
More likely to cause an outbreak of yawning, heavy eyelids and a compulsion to keep checking the time.
The all-star disaster-movie genre is taken out of the 1970s and given a stylish and largely persuasive 21st century makeover by director and cinematographer Steven Soderbergh.
Contagion presents a frightening reality, and leaves you with something to think about.
An intelligent, emotionally driven ensemble film that we have come to expect from Soderbergh.
The film wraps up tightly and somewhat too quickly, but it's a delight to experience Soderbergh at the top of his game.
It's terrific. I was really impressed with this film and I think it's one of the best things he's done actually.
This almost documentary-like film is dramatic without being melodramatic. I was impressed with the almost existential approach of Soderbergh and screenwriter Scott Z. Burns.
Think of Wolfgang Petersen's magnificently entertaining 1995 virus-on-the-rampage adventure Outbreak, take out the drama, excitement and involving characters, and that's Contagion in a nutshell.
The film addresses its grim subject in a cool, matter-of-fact way.
Contagion is what happens when a disaster movie gets sent to the headmaster for bad behaviour.
While Contagion would never be classified as entertaining or enlightening, it does make an impact.
Ever the cerebral essayist, Soderbergh isn't in this for edge-of-your-seat thrills - his approach is more cold sweat than burning fever.
The movie fights for something important: the right of stars to look worse than we do.
Another Soderbergh studio job well done.
Simultaneously gripping and emotionally engaging thanks to pacey direction, a smart script and terrific performances from a fine ensemble cast.
Lean and fast-moving, Soderbergh ratchets up the tension without straining credibility while the days tick away and the body count rises.
A highly watchable film, terrifying in its realism. We can just imagine these events panning out.
A chilling, meticulously researched thriller...
A level-headed take on a topic that's often an excuse for madness and melodrama.
Compelling and terrifyingly real, Contagion balances its multitude of characters, scenarios and fascinating ideas with steadiness and lethal efficiency.
Though the 'case study' approach may not be satisfying for all, Contagion offers a fresh look at the way in which our fragile ecosystem teeters on extinction, without resorting to overblown theatrics or skyscraper-demolishing pyrotechnics.
Adopting a clean, chronological and punchy approach, Soderbergh holds a steady eye on panic and chaos. It's a disaster movie with a brain and conscience.
A starkly effective ensemble drama which could well do for the sniffles what Jaws did for great whites.
Plays like a humorless send-up of all-star disaster pictures
Contagion is, by and large, about as enthralling and compelling as a typical episode of CSI: Miami.
Soderbergh applies his brainier brand of filmmaking to the global outbreak thriller genre, and the result is a hugely gripping blockbuster that never talks down to its audience.
If you're looking for some kind of poetry-some exalted dramatic arc that lifts this narrative out of the ordinary-you won't find it here. Contagion is...gripping from start to finish.
Shot with documentary grimness, the movie's relative realism is less dramatically persuasive than the go-for-broke B-movie hysteria of such hydrophobic predecessors as Romero's 'The Crazies' and Cronenberg's 'Shivers.'
Elliot Gould!? What, were George Segal and Ryan ONeal unavailable? Was it "free cheese day" at the celebrity shelter?
Contagion shows us that "working together" is still possible, still necessary. And in a world as divided and partisan as ours, that's an encouragement we need to receive.
This is sophisticated, 21st century filmmaking, with a probing techno score - yet there is an unmistakable '70s disaster flick feel about it.
Contagion is a movie about flawed people doing their jobs, and doing them well, under unspeakable conditions.
... low-key in its approach with an unforced ring of truth ...
If Hollywood and B-horror films sensationalize the problem of a global outbreak of a lethal virus, Contagion brings a calm reasoned voice to the subject.
Gets off to a very strong start, but eventually gets bogged down in questionable plotting and weak characterization.
CONTAGION demonstrates that science fiction can be used in film for a more serious purpose than telling a superhero story.
A well-made, effective chiller...I would have admired and respected it better, though, if it wasn't so subtly judgmental toward (Gwyneth) Paltrow's "patient zero" character.
A frighteningly realistic depiction of just how fast a new form of an old plague can take root and spread -- and how all our know-how can be caught off-guard.
The rest of this Steven Soderbergh movie is a chilled down, anti-hysterical, smartly-schlocky shout-out to '70s disaster/paranoia films.
Watching this film is as uncomfortable as expected, so if you have even the slightest tendency towards hypochondria, you should stay far away.
Contagion is a clear-eyed vision of a potential, modern horror that shows science in battle. The direction by Steven Soderbergh is deft and sharp. The screenplay by Scott Z. Burns is intelligent and not exploitative.
It's like Wolfgang Petersen's Outbreak minus the monkey and with more than two functioning brain cells.
Soderbergh keeps the incessantly yellow-tinted film lithe and jaunty, moving us quickly amid various subplots while also racheting up the tensions.
Writer Scott Z. Burns has fashioned a reality-based thriller that could easily come true..casting is superb, from Fishburne, Cotillard and Winslet to biologist Ehle and snaggle-toothed misinformation blogger Law, who gives my profession a very bad name.
Strong acting, atmospheric direction, and a nail-biting premise add up to a movie whose impact is hard to ignore.
Why did Contagion have to be such an antiseptic thriller?
Contagion has one goal in mind, and it meets this goal fantastically well, but it does virtually nothing else.
It seems we have had this plot a million times before and this movie offers nothing new or involving.
"Contagion" is a strong film to kick off the end of summer...just make sure you know who you're sharing your popcorn with!
For patient viewers, prepare to let this film infect your nerves.
A horror film without a safety release valve, because the fears it plants in our brains aren't the kind that can be chased away by the light of day.
The presence of movie stars helps: their authority is part of what keeps us fascinated by the gruesome fable, juicing it a bit, so that we can actually enjoy it.
It's an adult movie that will make you not want to touch any adults when it's over.
Steven Soderbergh's lean, fast-paced medical thriller 'Contagion' doesn't have much heart, but it has plenty of suspense and drama.
A thinking person's disaster movie.
If Sound It Out never really digs its claws into its material, it at least approaches it with a careful level of thought and commitment.
Offering the best thrills of 2011, "Contagion" will have audience viewers rapidly spreading the word, much like the virus.
A portrait of the terrifying fragility of the tangled biological, social and emotional networks that govern our lives.
Contagion is compelling.
The most gut-grabbing non-zombie pandemic thriller I've seen, and that's aside from feeling a tickling sensation in the back of my throat through the first two acts.
You'll want to make a beeline for the nearest restroom to wash your hands ... plays like a feature-length public service announcement, a duck-and-cover-your-mouth drill.
With so many tales to tell, Contagion just can't possibly deliver on every one of its promises.
Gripping from start to finish.
Uneven nightmare disaster thriller.
Soderbergh's Contagion offers little new about fear and horror but his behind-the-camera ability to be fresh -- along with help from an all-star cast -- elevates his thriller from boredom, if only just slightly.
'Contagion' is an ambitious and well-meaning film. However, despite some fine performances, it fails to deliver the type of thrills and suspense promised in those exciting previews.
Soderbergh's cold style is oddly suited to this kind of story, that of a virus impersonally killing a hefty percentage of all who come into contact with it
Unlike slasher films which may or may not raise the hairs on the back of your neck, "Contagion" is frightening because it is totally possible --- it all comes down to the "wrong pig and the wrong bat".
This movie will do for bar peanuts what "Jaws" did for swimming in the ocean.
This is solid, intelligent filmmaking that will have you on the edge of your seat...
Contagion is the best movie made to date about an epidemic/pandemic.
...only a few of the stories compel and even the reliable Matt Damon fails to make a strong impression. "Contagion" is an OK medical thriller, but there's something off about it.
An entertaining if unwieldy cross between a PSA and one of those all-star idiocies from the 1970s -- those disaster flicks involving hijacked planes, hurtling meteors or towering infernos.
It feels very stripped down and authentic and finely crafted.
With Contagion, Soderbergh empties his entire bag of tricks and keeps this lean, emotional thriller from turning into an unwieldy, clunky mess.
It proves the creepiest movies are also the quietest. Although "Contagion" is a horror movie, it's also a response about a viral apocalypse. The end arrives with tiny coughs ...
Along with the stars, Contagion has plenty of scares, though in contrast to Matt Damon and Kate Winslet, they're things you encounter every day.
There's something very clinical about the way Soderbergh presents the story. But, just when you think it's going to become some kind of docu-drama, the director slams you back to the ground with human emotion and suffering. Paul Chambers, CNN, Atlanta.
Contagion becomes a battle between what it is and what it could have been. It satisfies just enough to warrant its existence while frustrating one with its potential.
The film resembles its viral subject a little too closely: an intricate, formidable mechanism with no evident purpose.
Steven Soderbergh's Contagion, written by Scott Burns, begins on a state of high alert and stays there for the rest of the movie.
I can't call Contagion as a feel-good movie. In fact, you won't want to be feeling anything-or anyone-after seeing this cautionary tale about the spread of a deadly virus. But you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen...
[A] curiously inert new thriller from Steven Soderbergh.
Steven Soderbergh​'s viral "who brung it" is a mostly style-over-substance affair.
Contagion could have been a blood-curdling scream; instead it comes off as Soderbergh's star-powered science project.
A very entertaining, well-acted and palpably taut piece of propaganda that leaves too little room for interpretation.
All-star virus thriller is intense, uncompromising.
It's the dark comic moments and the film's sci-fi, B-movie, race-to-develop-a-vaccine subplot that prevent Contagion from being a gloomy two hours in the dark. That and Soderbergh's delight in characters.
Seeing Contagion in a crowded theatre is like watching Jaws on a life raft. Bring hand sanitizer. Or bleach. And maybe soap and a bucket of warm water.
While the all-star cast and the story, about a deadly virus, sounds similar to 1995's Outbreak, 'Contagion' is more insightful, moving, and disturbing with first rate entertainment.
Contagion offers a healthy dose of smart filmmaking while most of Hollywood is serving up cinematic placebos.
Contagion is a thrill that gets under your skin and keeps you on your toes. In fact, you may start curling up in your seat just to keep a distance from the person sitting next to you.
If Contagion is a "horror movie," as Soderbergh has described it, then you can think of it as the most believable zombie movie ever made.
As an intellectual exercise, it remains compulsively fascinating.
Thanks to Contagion, I used a paper towel to open a bathroom door the other day and now I'm washing my hands more often. One of the scariest movies in years!
Contagion is one of the most informative, talk-heavy, films since Inception and The Social Network, but it isn't the most entertaining from a blockbuster standpoint.
Killing off one of your marquee actresses appeals to that not-insignificant portion of the moviegoing population that is, shall we say, weary of Paltrow.
Even though it deals with a serious subject seriously, this is an entertaining, believable movie.
By focusing in on just a few individuals and letting the rest of the story unfold in the background Soderbergh makes a micro experience into a macro one.
Very effective, mixing science and timely issues into one terrifically compelling drama...[with an effective] emotional payoff.
Contagion is just about as exciting as your last inoculation but makes less sense.
The movie plays as if the National Institutes of Health hired director Steven Soderbergh to direct a health warning public service announcement that would scare the heck out of everyone.
Contagion is an exceptionally well-crafted film, one that feels frighteningly realistic despite the movie star cast.
You'll never hear a cough the same way again.
If you're the type of person who finds the opening credits montage the most frightening aspect of Romero's original Dawn of the Dead, you will absolutely lose your mind during Contagion.
Decent, but not completely viral.
An unusually immersive filmgoing experience, no 3-D effects necessary.
The whole thing feels maddeningly incomplete. We get only the sketchiest of characters. (Parental Movie Review also available)
If this is an action-thriller, it's one that makes med school look sexier than the Marines.
For the most part, the movie is like the virus it depicts: Once this queasily entertaining movie grabs you, it has you in its power.
The rush of A-listers combined with apocalyptic dread creates its own kind of dizzy pleasure: Who's going down next on this Poseidon Adventure?
Contagion keeps us at a distance: Rarely has the death of millions seemed so inconsequential.
Contagion may be the most expensive public-service ad ever filmed, but it's also a surprisingly light-on-its-feet action thriller.
Steven Soderbergh is given the opportunity to scare us and it is the calm with which he does it that should frighten us all the more.
It's the most fun you'll have involving something deadly and contagious.
Contagion is effective because it plays not on our fears of fictional boogeymen and monsters, but on actual threats.
It's hard to know just what director Steven Soderbergh was thinking in making Contagion. The movie, about the outbreak of a mysterious and deadly new disease, feels oddly mistimed.
[An] intellectually stimulating new drama about the terrifyingly rapid spread of a lethal virus.
Contagion marches through the pandemic with the efficiency of the mutating virus.
Scarier than any traditional horror film you're likely to see.
The film plays like a hi-tech version of cheesy 1950s sci-fi fare of the Quatermass or Invasion Of The Body Snatchers variety.
Takes great pains to present its situations realistically, and includes a lot of intelligent speculation about what sort of political, economic and ethical questions would be raised by such a disaster.
Sobering reality for our interconnected world.
You will want to bathe in hand sanitizer for a week after seeing Contagion.
The third act will seem anticlimactic by comparison, but it's tough to fault a movie, especially one about a deadly virus, for being too grounded.
Frighteningly believable, businesslike, super-smart and never less than riveting.
Contagion is more unsettling than 1995's Outbreak or the disaster movies of the '70s.
Contagion is certainly the most realistic portrayal of a global pandemic I've seen, but that doesn't make it the most entertaining, or even all that intellectually interesting.
The most terrifying aspect of Contagion, ultimately, is the plausibility of its premise. Meticulous and low-key, the film reminds us that disaster lies in the most mundane interactions.
Delivers the gripping, tick-tock tale of an epidemic that threatens to destroy civilization, but presents it virtually without comment.
Unnerving imagery and an A-list ensemble boost the disease pic's potency, but Contagion isn't immune to the unfocused, overambitious story, which diminishes its impact.
Though modern in its style and gloss, Steven Soderbergh's "Contagion" has the feeling - the welcome feeling - of one of those epic disaster movies from the 1970s.
If this truly is the beginning of the end of Soderbergh's career, it tells you all on its own how big a loss that will be to the cinema.
Steven Soderbergh's grim and gripping medical thriller has arrived and it's guaranteed to turn you into a hypochondriac.
Hypochondriacs might want to steer clear of "Contagion." Others should find this procedural thriller about the outbreak of a deadly disease to be an informative, disquieting and mildly entertaining experience.
A tense, first-rate thriller that will have you running for the soap and water once the end credits start rolling.
More a cinematic autopsy than an affecting drama--a cool, detached dissection of an enormous human tragedy; and while it certainly succeeds as a semi-documentary account, it fails to deliver a strong emotional punch.
Soderbergh takes the unusual step, for a big Hollywood production, of killing off Gwyneth Paltrow very near the beginning of the story.
I couldn't look away, and neither did I touch my face with my hands.
A smart, spare and well-crafted adult-oriented drama that never takes the intelligence of its audience for granted with phony scares, goopy gross-outs or a storyline that requires its participants to act like idiots in order to keep things moving along.
As ruthlessly effective as the malady at its cool, cool center.
Makes unflattering comparisons between the rampaging virus and the toxic spread of unreliable information via the Internet.
By the time this globe-hopping, movie-star-crammed disaster saga - directed with petrifying efficiency by Steven Soderbergh - comes full circle, you'll never want to touch a subway pole or elevator button or ATM again.
All this germ procedural offers is the sight of people behaving badly, willing to do their worst to get first dibs on a vaccine. Sadly, that's no surprise.
An absorbing, nuanced, and intelligent film about a global pandemic in which Soderbergh shows how the battle against a deadly virus draws out the best and the worst in human beings.
Soderbergh himself has modestly likened "Contagion" to a '70s-style, star-driven disaster film. But it's smarter than that, and a lot closer to medical thrillers like "The Andromeda Strain."
This may not fit any conventional definition of entertainment, but it certainly keeps your eyes on the screen.
the Traffic of outbreak movies
"Contagion" will do for hand sanitizer what "Jaws" did for shark repellent.
While it's fleet on its feet and steady in its tension, Contagion is an exceptionally dry-eyed movie about mass death, interested more in how the structures we've built to keep order deal with the disaster than how people handle it emotionally.
As he did in his 2000 film "Traffic," director Steven Soderbergh weaves together multiple perspectives in a seamlessly edited collage.
Big ideas and small-mindedness threaten to turn "Contagion'' into unwieldy world-affairs and family-values allegories, but Soderbergh and Burns are moving too fast to think.
[It] can't exactly be called a pleasure of any kind, but it is quietly compelling, building the tension as methodically as its characters chip away at the medical puzzle.
There's a sense of dread in "Contagion," but it never spreads to us. When Day 1 is finally shown, it makes you want to eat better, which isn't the same as saying this is a great movie.
Well worth your money as well as the cost of the case of hand sanitizer you'll feel the need to buy when it's over.
"Contagion" is a thoughtful, provocative and ultimately chilling film.
Taut with energy from start to finish, Contagion's portrait of a global epidemic is just the right mix of scary, informative and emotionally powerful.
I didn't care about any of the characters, especially happy-go-lucky Patient Zero.
Part human drama, part mystery, and part technical babble about viral mutations, and, with that wide breadth of concentration, each element falls short.
Running less than two hours but as packed with incredible actors and subplots as an Irwin Allen disaster pic, and yet Soderbergh never lets it get away from him. We always care. We're always interested. We're always terrified.
This paranoia-fest is, at its heart, a straightforward ticking-clock thriller. And it generates about all the suspense you can hope for from a movie with a faceless, microscopic antagonist.
Much more compelling when showing what it takes to confront a huge, unexpected problem, not merely how susceptible we are to sickness and chaos.
...a paranoid disease thriller for our glocal age.
The first hour of Steven Soderbergh's Contagion is so tense that you can almost forgive the second half for getting bogged down.
No science fiction bulls**t!
The result is not quite medicine and not quite cotton candy. But it works. It's made for grown-ups.
Soderbergh places a queasy emphasis on the way the things that make the world we live in smaller make us that much more vulnerable.
While the movie is undeniably riveting, it's a little too precisely engineered and emotionally detached for its own good.
"Contagion" deserves praise for taking the scientific method seriously when so much hogwash is floated about regarding vaccines.
Contagion is satisfying and spooky and a total thrill to watch.
The scariest cinematic image of the year is a lingering shot of a grimy pole on a public bus.
"Contagion" is a brilliantly executed disease outbreak movie.
Chilly, but not chilling, Steven Soderbergh's story of a worldwide pandemic is oddly antiseptic.
A disaster movie without tension or humor.
Soderbergh knows exactly how to dredge up the dread, showing us in several scenes the many things we touch - including our own faces, noses and mouths - during the course of a day and the dangers they contain.
Although it's slickly paced and strikingly shot, this is a thriller for procedural junkies and conspiracy buffs
The images of doomsday are quite vivid, requiring nothing more than a close-up of a peanut dish at a bar to make the hairs on the back of your neck stand up.
Steven Soderbergh's feature-length Purell advertisement is short on human interest and long on explanations of a pandemic through analogies and generalities.
A gripping movie, but the things that make it good also limit how good it can be. As engaging as it is on an intellectual level, the film sometimes fails to grab us emotionally.
Telling a complex story in a coherent narrative arc has never been one of Mr. Soderbergh's strengths, and chronicling the day-by-day panic of a killer virus jumps all over the place.
Soderbergh takes us from suburban living rooms to labs at the Centers for Disease Control to remote Asian villages with equally clear-eyed realism.
Though paling in intensity to Traffic, Soderbergh' apocalyptic cautionary tale nevertheless presents a chillingly-plausible peek at how quickly civilization might unravel in the face of a rapidly-accelerating, extinction-level, biological event.
If Contagion truly is the first leg of Soderbergh's retirement victory lap, this harrowing film is a potent reminder of what we stand to lose.
Without fully rounded characters, it's hard to care who lives or dies in what amounts to an extended procedural on how disease prevention orgs might respond to such a scenario.
For a good hour, a very good first hour, the film efficiently accumulates small, terrifying incidents and images.
Though far from a likeable movie, Contagion is admirable as a highly controlled, verging-on-Kubrickian exercise in directorial vision and style.
A movie so real it's frightening -- hypochondriacs may collapse from shock.
An all-too-terrifying bio-thriller that realistically taps into our most primal fears and survival instincts.
Though timely and realistic, Contagion is a mediocre thriller-disaster film, largely due to the gap between the sophisticated filmmaking and the routine (borderline banal)storytelling.
[VIDEO] ... there's nothing here to make you feel like you've had a meaningful cinematic experience. What a waste.
I was shuffling nervously in my seat, edging away from the sniffling man next to me. Nobody shook hands or embraced after this screening.
The pressure cooker plot calls for intense performances all around but first among equals are Winslet and Ehle.
It's a cut above most Hollywood thrillers, and I'll certainly remember it the next time I use the Tube.
Soderbergh, with a budget to roam the world, gives us genuinely creepy moments as information and misinformation spread as fast as the mutating virus itself.
Soderbergh is always intriguing, but this plague thriller should have been more than an all-star health warning. The banal screenplay suits some cheapo cable movie.
A powerful 'what if?' that leaves you reeling from the implications that something like this could very well happen exactly as depicted.
Contagion is an intensely smart and grown-up horror flick that feels like a rarity within the genre these days.
A masterpiece bound by the genre it lives in, but a masterpiece all the same.
'Contagion' is masterfully competent filmmaking; even on its worse day it's a good movie."

@highlight

Tense, tightly plotted, and bolstered by a stellar cast, Contagion is an exceptionally smart -- and scary -- disaster movie.