Soul Power is a window into a time when anything seemed possible.
B.B. King. Bill Withers. Miriam Makeba. Celia Cruz. And James Brown, earning every inch of the title, "Godfather of Soul," who all by himself probably deforested a few acres around Kinshasa with the volcanic blast of his set.
Does its part to widen this historic concert's potential audience base.
Watching Soul Power is like flipping through Polaroids of that era. The color is a little washed out and everyone looks amazingly young.
It's hard not to wish that maybe there was a little less of Muhammad Ali promoting himself and a little more of the concert.
...if you are a fan of any of the musicians ... or maybe I should say if you're completely unfamiliar with any of the musicians mentioned - then Soul Power is well worth seeing. Or at least hearing.
For a documentary about a music festival, Soul Power doesn't include nearly enough music.
The movie is surprisingly dry and flavorless. It certainly doesn't help that filmmaker Jeffrey Levy-Hinte put this collection of footage together without any narration and with a bare minimum of narrative captions.
The performances are fine, but this feels like a companion piece to 'When We Were Kings' rather than a work that can stand on its own...
Soul Power leaves you wanting more, and not in a good way.
It's best seen as a breezy entertainment and a reminder of how potent some of these performers -- many of whom are dead -- were in their primes.
Soul Power turns out to be an unusually resonant time capsule, one that weaves together theatrics, musicianship, cosmopolitanism and sharp political critique in a vibrant look-back that's at once celebratory and wistful.
It's impossible not to be moved.
Ultimately it's the music that makes this film a cause for celebration -- especially the chance to see 'Soul Brother #1' James Brown and his blistering band perform at their absolute prime.
It packs the emotional and historical power of a heady 'family gathering' celebration of African and, to use the term then in fashion, Afro-American pride.
Soul Power is the indispensable companion film to Leon Gast's thrilling 1996 documentary When We Were Kings.
A footnote to a masterpiece.
Watching the Godfather of Soul on the big outdoor stage, you think back to his appearance in The T.A.M.I. Show a decade earlier. And then you think: I feel good.
The movie is crisp and quick and looks as if it were shot yesterday, but for all that, Soul Power is ultimately disappointing.
A dazzling chronicle of the African American music expo that was meant to accompany the 1974 Rumble in the Jungle heavyweight title bout between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman in Kinshasa, Zaire (now Congo).
A non-stop head-bobbing knee-bouncer.
Some may complain about the lack of contextualizing material but what is on the screen is so exciting and energetic that most viewers will probably be too busy tapping their feet and swaying their heads to the beats on display to notice or care.
As the record of a cultural event, Soul Power is a hit-and-miss affair.
Gluttons for these artists and for music festivals in general might wonder, as I have, whether there's any way the filmmakers might share more of the remaining 123 1/2 hours.
In addition to the expected shots of Ali and Don King in all their megalomania, the intimate portraits of James Brown, Bill Withers, and B.B. King in his triumphant homecoming are as powerful as their performances.
Passionate fans of the music will relish these archived images while regular moviegoers will be entertained, but not moved by what they see.
This has no contextual structure at all. It is essentially the archive footage slapped together.
Conscientiously, if conventionally edited re-hash of the Oscar-winning "We Were Kings."
James Brown and B.B. King anchor this footnote in boxing history, but the film peaks near the midpoint with Bill Withers' truly soulful performance of "Hope She'll Be Happier."
Director Jeffrey Levy-Hinte pads out the concert footage with not always stimulating backstage stuff, but the music makes it all worthwhile.
A vibrant and joyous new documentary.
Director Jeffrey Levy-Hinte does a terrific job re-creating a landmark moment, with behind-the-scenes footage complementing triumphant performances.
The behind the scenes record of the event is fascinating, both in terms of the mechanics of successfully creating such a massive enterprise and in the personalities involved.
A thrilling time machine that lets you travel to Zaire in 1974 to see legendary performers bringing it all back home.
This is musical history that deserves to be placed alongside the best of its era.
An edifying glimpse at a moment in black history when the world really was looking on.
As a concert film it's unparalleled: a stunningly photographed, soul-stirring celebration.
Brilliant archive footage and blistering live performances - an exhilarating concert film.
The documentary gives us a tantalising taste of what appear to have been some incredible performances. Such is the quality of the footage and sound recording that you rather wish the film was longer.
Leon Gast's documentary When We Were Kings, about the 1974 Ali-Foreman ﬁght in Zaire, now has a great companion piece.
The concert footage is excellent, with Brown in decent form, even if in truth he was already a decade past his creative peak. Good music movie, thin documentary.
Capturing the site, the sounds, the smells, and the sweat of a major musical happening, Soul Power is irresistible.
Busting with footage left in legal limbo for over three decades, Jeffrey Levy-Hinte's documentary is uproarious and uplifting.
While Soul Power is bound to be compared to the Oscar-winning Ali/Foreman documentary When We Were Kings, it never scales the same heights.
Ali motormouth footage left over from When We Were Kings. Actually, this whole film was made from WWWK leftovers, we learn. But we manage to forget that detail whenever the music soars.
Offers a vivid glimpse of a fascinating moment in musical history, racial politics and global pop culture.
Unseen for 35 years, its spectacle is undimmed, and you can pick many highlights.
Flavourful behind the scenes footage mingles with infectious concert performances to make this a very welcome record of a unique piece of music history.
This engrossing doc plunges you into the chaos of this ambitious project, with behind-the-scenes glimpses of these great artists.
It doesn't disappoint. The line-up reads like a Who's Who of 70s soul and R&B. And the sound quality's shockingly good.
Some fascinating behind-the-scenes footage and some astonishing performances.
There's a dearth of music for a performance movie. I'm not sure why the film went so much heavier on the documentary than on the music, but it's a lean mixture.
A compilation of captivating performances by legendary titans of music, "Soul Power" shows the real power of soul.
The well-preserved (or well-restored) footage, and the simple joy of the artists, easily put any misgivings in the shade.
[Soul Power], even with its classic performers and songs, falls short of sparking the thrill it should.
Soul Power is marvelous, and no wonder -- among the performers in this concert film are James Brown, B.B. King, Bill Withers, Miriam Makeba and Celia Cruz, all at the peak of their powers.
Soul Power is worth seeing -- and hearing -- for the evocation of an era and above all, for the exuberant and infectious performances.
What's infectious in Soul Power is the almost shocking optimism of its America-meets- Africa '70s world-beat vibe.
A lively and entertaining documentary about a three-day concert of R & B music held in 1974 in Zaire, Africa.
Soul Power works fabulously as both a concert film and a time capsule of a time and place when gods of black masculinity joined forces to make an international statement of togetherness.
documents the bass line running under the absurdly politicized, hyper-kinetic boxing match that found Muhammed Ali facing off against then-titan George Forman
Likeable documentary that serves as a fascinating companion piece to When We Were Kings.
Ali's bravado-soaked words, breezily tossed off after he disrupts a Don King press conference, also serve as an artist's manifesto for the film's musical acts: Celia Cruz, the Spinners, Fania All-Stars, Bill Withers, B.B. King, Miriam Makeba, and others.
Seems destined to join classic concert films like Woodstock and Gimme Shelter in the musical archives for its ability to capture the feel of the times and really make you feel like you were there.
The performances that Soul Power captures are so captivating, so exciting, that it holds its own...I defy anyone to sit still through this infectiously funky doc.
"Soul Power" is an imperfect social document of a time when anything seemed possible. Here's proof that Michael Jackson never had a thing on James Brown.
In linking the legendary 1974 Rumble in the Jungle with the music festival that ran alongside it, we get a remarkable glimpse of the day's racial and political issues.
Documentary about the three-day music festival preceding the famous Ali-Foreman fight has its moments, but plays too much like what it is: outtakes from the Oscar-winning When We Were Kings.
Though conventionally filmed in a chronological fashion, this could be the most energetic movie this year.
The sporadic appearances by Ali hopelessly unbalance the proceedings, his fiercely outspoken interviews providing the only morsels of substance.
While there's an awful lot to like about this infectious celebration of a remarkable event featuring some superb, larger-than-life performers at the top of their game, the enterprise comes across as a bit of a missed opportunity.




@highlight

Featuring some incredible performances from many 70s soul legends, Soul Power is an exhilarating snap-shot of a bygone era.