What Baron Cohen has added to film comedy in the last decade is not insignificant, but it seems that the joke is reaching its end, but without a good punch line in sight.
The Brothers Grimsby contains some of the most lowbrow humor imaginable, and it's usually outrageous fun
The shaming truth is that I was amused; so amused that on several occasions I had to wipe tears of laughter from my eyes. The fact that I knew deep down that I really shouldn't be laughing at all just made it funnier.
At only 82 minutes, it's hard not to wonder whether something went desperately wrong behind the scenes or in the editing suite.
Delivering neither on engrossing action or effective satire, this mess is Cohen's worst film to date.
A wild, scatological slalom from the grimmer parts of northeast England to the plains of South Africa.
Hurting Grimsby most is its misuse of Rebel Wilson, Isla Fischer, Penelope Cruz, Barkhad Abdi, and Gabourey Sibide in broad bit parts that strictly connect one segment to another.
A rambunctiously uncouth satire that's as disgusting as it is riotous.
The attempts at satire fall flat despite some broad targets, and the result produces more groans than laughs.
Even at less than 80 minutes sans end credits, "The Brothers Grimsby" is about as pleasant as elephant semen to the face.
It brings to mind such one-star atrocities as The Love Guru, Freddy Got Fingered, and Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie -- comparisons that make this new picture a Chernobyl of comedy.
It's taboo, it's politically incorrect, it's disrespectful and all with a love for the buttons it's pushing. They had me at the Daniel Radcliffe joke.
A couple of funny scenes, but it's amazing how quickly Sasha Baron Cohen's comedy has grown safe and stale.
Some of this is funny. A fair amount of it -- including the toilet joke -- isn't.
It's extreme for its own sake, and too rarely for the satirical purposes of Baron Cohen's better vehicles, "Borat" and "Bruno."
The comedy merely exists alongside a very ordinary action movie outline, rarely crossing paths and never working in concert.
There are the expected fish-out-of-water beats and over-the-top gross-out gags, and the peripheral characters in this world feel like thinly sketched afterthoughts, but the film works when it focuses on Cohen and Strong.
A day later, I was still chuckling.
There are good jokes here, interspersed with strong action sequences, but both sit side-by-side, rather than in integrated fashion.
Sacha Baron Cohen is back with all the freedom and irreverent humor he can throw at us. A hilarious film. [Full review in Spanish]
If you're into this type of comedy, your level of enjoyment can be that of the elephant that appears in the film. [Full review in Spanish]
The film misses more than it hits the target with it's excessive comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
The premise is weak, the characters are dull, and it lacks the memorable punch that we saw on offer in Borat and The Dictator.
The law of diminishing returns catches up with Sacha Baron Cohen in The Brothers Grimsby, a spy comedy in which Baron Cohen tries to outdo his past outrageousness but gets fewer laughs.
Baron Cohen's new film is more aggressive than a possessed hooligan and nastier than a used condom infusion. [Full review in Spanish]
Gross-out comedy is obsessed with bodily fluids, sex, guns.
Not just a good message for young audiences coaxed into the cinema by the lure of lowbrow spectacle, but a great one: go to school and study hard and you can become as cool as James Bond.
Cohen, brilliant in his craftier and more avant-garde shock-humor roles, is too irritating to make this character likable, much less lovable as the story demands.
This is Baron Cohen's worst film, period.
A deluxe supporting cast (which also includes Isla Fisher, Gabourey Sidibe, and Ian McShane) gets thrown into this, seemingly without regard for whether or not they fit their roles.
The Brothers Grimsby proudly wears its sloppiness like a misspelled badge of honor.
The joke at the heart of Sacha Baron Cohen's new comedy The Brothers Grimsby [is] an enjoyable one, even when the film as a whole weaves between being just hilariously foul and incoherently sloppy.
It plays like a remake of Crank by someone who didn't realize Crank was a comedy already.
Sacha Baron Cohen crosses the line and every step of the way is a hilarious, action cult classic!
Cohen's burlesque (raunchy sex gags so blatant they're surreal) is his most hilarious and effective mode, but half-jokes about government surveillance expose a double standard; he's either politically ignorant or dishonest.
Excruciating...The end of Sacha Baron Cohen's career as a comic leading man.
Mr Baron Cohen outdoes himself with a film so offensively bad it's hard to imagine him being financed to make another one.
Talk about bottom-feeding.
It goes on and on and on and on and on and on, getting less and less funny and more and more tedious. Orright?
Mostly, The Brothers Grimsby simply wants to make you laugh. And it will.
A production that fails in every way at every turn.
This is a film that wants to be cutting edge but deserved to be left on the cutting room floor.
A typically erratic Sacha Baron Cohen comedy...
And while all of that is disgusting and only scratches the surface of the deplorable levels it sinks, the brazenness of it is worth more laughs than you'll care to admit.
Mediocre is not good enough for a talent like Sacha Baron Cohen. We've come to expect more. It's time for Cohen to create a new character.
Sacha Baron Cohen - creator of Borat, Bruno and Ali G - loses his mojo big time in 'The Brothers Grimsby.'
The next-level low brow humor in The Brothers Grimsby makes Adam Sandler's worst film look like a Stanley Kubrick production.
Cohen's willingness to do, or say, anything in order to elicit a chuckle at least somewhat salvages "The Brothers Grimsby."
Flatulent, yet flaccid....Gross? Yes. Funny? No.
His obsession with anal cavities and what goes in and comes out of them suggest Cohen is auditioning to be the after-dinner amusement at a proctologists' convention.
Let's hope "The Brothers Grimsby" is a career anomaly for Cohen, who's wasting years on garbage, showing real desperation for the first time. He doesn't wear it well.
There's a bizarre, obsessive fixation on bodily fluids (in the gallons) and orifices (for spelunking). The problem is that the writers overly rely on these taboo, gross-out displays to provide laughs, instead of, you know, actual jokes.
Truly horrid.
This is the least funny alter ego Cohen has ever inhabited.
The Brothers Grimsby needed more structure to achieve its full potential. That makes it a mixed bag. But boy, are there ever some amazing moments here.
It's high time Cohen find something new -- and more smartly creative -- in his bag of cinematic tricks. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
When disappointments rack up, there comes a point where fans have to question whether the "comic genius" is really worthy of the label-and for Sacha Baron Cohen, The Brothers Grimsby will be that moment to take stock.
If elephant semen sight gags do it for you, then you are well on your way to loads of enjoyment.
The Brothers Grimsby is a middle of the road action/comedy where Sacha Baron Cohen's R-Rated comedy brand offers diminishing returns.
Such a ramshackle affair that to call it slapdash would be a compliment. Yet still, I laughed like a drain.
Grimsby's got ball-sucking jokes, pube-flashing jokes, ribald jokes about super-sized semen and anal cavities. Jokes that would conceivably kill John Cleese. Maybe even John Waters, for that matter.
This is Cohen's film and he delivers his share of healthy, guilty laughs. Just not his usual share, or with his usual flair.
A sentimental sibling reunion saga encased in a cascade of gross-out jokes and occasionally bright one-liners, The Brothers Grimsby is a treat only for die-hard Sacha Baron Cohen fans.
'The Brothers Grimsby' is a raunchy, hilarious romp that will have you falling out of your seat laughing.
They went to the trouble of making a life-sized replica of a female elephant's reproductive system ... [D]o you even have to ask whether or not the male prosthetic functions?
It's one of those movies that's barely a movie; scenes don't follow any discernable logic, the action is incoherent when it's not deliberately inane, and so on.
Flails in desperate attempts to shock for the sake of schlock.
"Grimsby" punches down - at the sick, at the poor, at anyone who's not quick enough to get out of its sloppy roundhouse rights. Boy, chronically unemployed drunks sure are funny, aren't they?
The film is an excrescence.
While I'm not sure this is worthy of checking out on the big screen, it's certainly fun to sit down with an audience looking for dumb delights.
It's not unfunny in spots, but it huffs and puffs (among other bodily functions) more often than it splits the sides.
God help me, I laughed.
The more biting pop culture-related jokes Cohen really nails end up being diluted by his desire to be so disgustingly raunchy.
The Brothers Grimsby doesn't do much to satirize the spy genre, instead using its flimsy plot mostly as a scaffolding for a barrage of jokes.
After his new movie Grimsby, Cohen's time at the cutting edge is clearly over.
Some of the gags are uproariously funny, albeit disgusting. Others are sub-export quality, a few just plain dumb. That's one of Baron Cohen's weaknesses - quality control.
Parts of it are quite unforgettable, and depending on your taste for the gross and unhinged, that may be a good thing or a very bad thing.
Grimsby's balls - actual balls - broke my dignity.
Sacha Baron Cohen's new comedy brings the raunch - but the sharp satire is M.I.A.
Grimsby is a lot of fun in its determinedly tasteless way.
Vulgar, violent, and vaguely offensive - and those are its good qualities.
While there may be comedy gold in an elephant's vagina, Mr. Cohen fails to find it here.
I've got to give Grimsby props for making me think: "Wow, they went THERE..."
If your only desire as a moviegoer is to feel something, anything, then Cohen's nearly-hostile intentness on being stickier, smellier, and crasser than anyone else in wide release might get your blood pumping.
While certain gags bomb, the ones that succeed do so with big laughs and all kinds of bodily fluids.
While there are smart lines and amusing sequences, the whole business becomes tiresome, then distasteful and, finally, a tad repugnant.
As a comedy, "The Brothers Grimsby" is weak and scattershot, but it's useful as an unintended self-indictment of the chattering classes' disgust and disdain for white working folk.
The movie has plenty of terrible scenes but also three very, very funny ones. I laughed a lot during those three moments, sometimes rather guiltily, but barely managed more than a chuckle elsewhere.
The movie's scant 83 minutes dictate that The Brothers Grimsby proceed impatiently; the movie feels cut to fit the running time, rather than for the effectiveness of either the story or the comedy.
Full disclosure: I was the lone critic in America to unabashedly recommend "Zoolander 2," so I'm certainly not ashamed to even less abashedly beg you to go see "The Brothers Grimsby."
At the very least, it's more entertaining than the time Baron Cohen dumped ashes on Ryan Seacrest at the Oscars but only barely.
Compared to glib junk like Zoolander 2, The Brothers Grimsby is practically high art.
Ultimately, the jokes are more stupefying than funny and no one's anatomy is safe from a gratuitous close-up, whether it's that of a wild animal or an Oscar nominee.
With almost no regard for what's socially acceptable and targets as seemingly untouchable as sick children, the poor and Daniel Radcliffe, Grimsby gleefully spits (among other things) on the very idea of careful comedy.
Look hard enough and the very dumb 'Grimsby' is not just Cohen's version of Bond send-up but a continuation of his plot to make the world less stupid.
For all the silliness on hand, I have to admit I had a much better time than expected at this one, Baron Cohen's best since Borat.
The Brothers Grimsby is offensive, disgusting, ridiculous and as much as I feel dirty admitting it, it's also pretty damn funny.
Do note, it's not dumb. Stupid, occasionally, but never dumb, not even when our heroes are inside the elephant vagina.
An unadulterated orgy of obscene, puerile humour doused with touches of potentially clever satire as it speeds along in its action-movie guise
Sacha Baron Cohen takes a backward lurch.
Anybody else remember the woeful Ali G film? We have gone through a complete circle.
A soul-crushing experience: lazy, cheap, lurid, and stupid. Painfully unfunny and pointless. Sacha Baron Cohen now panders to those he once rightly mocked.
It's wholeheartedly and proudly stupid, silly, grotesque, outlandish, vulgar, and over-the-top. But for its entire running time, I couldn't help but perpetually smile.
Although it contains some memorably outrageous comedy moments, this movie is such an awkward combination of gross-out humour, violent action and sappy sentimentality that it never becomes a classic.
It's consistently funny and it doesn't outstay its welcome at just 83 minutes.
Part of the reason we laugh so much is the sheer inappropriateness of the humour. It comes as heady relief in a world where everyone is at pains not to cause offence.
Grimsby marks a further decline in the comic powers of the man who gave us the outrageously entertaining Ali G and Borat.
Cohen comes unstuck with his least imaginative comic creation to date; naff of accent (he sounds like he has never been north of Watford), cliched of manner, and unimaginatively Gallagher-esque of hair.
Witless rubbish.
Prepare to be entertained, shocked and offended in equal measure.
Cohen treads a fine line of standing up for the disenfranchised while relentlessly mocking the exploits of the underclass.
Sacha Baron Cohen pushes the comedy envelope as far as he can with his latest creation in this rude, crude and utterly outrageous comedy
Sometimes a scene leaves your critical faculties floundering, and so it was in Grimsby as Sacha Baron Cohen and Mark Strong retreated into an elephant's vagina to escape machine-gunning assassins.
Baron Cohen is mistaken if he thinks this eleventh-hour sweetener will make up for the previous hour or so of class libel.
In the world's talent-crowded laughter factory, there isn't room for just another Britcom funnyman - feral yet unfocused - which is all we're offered here.
As a comedy character actor, Cohen stinks to high heaven. When making movies like Grimsby, his skill set doesn't gel with the framework around it.
Essentially a base-level comedy featuring one of Baron Cohen's most forgettable comedic characters.
This gross-out action comedy gleefully pushes the limits of bad taste humour, achieving almost sublimely surreal results in the process.
Grimsby is unashamedly crude and vulgar -- seriously, don't go expecting highbrow LOLs -- but outrageously funny as a result.
As frequently hilarious as Grimsby is, it doesn't see Cohen working at his full potential; we need him back in Borat mode, baring his teeth.
If you can leave your social conscience at the door, and don't mind a duff plot and paper-thin characters, you'll find Grimsby to be very, very funny.
Baron Cohen and Strong are both robustly physical performers, and their finest moments are when they're grappling with each other, producing a great tangle of limbs and teeth. But the script... is not especially generous to the other members of the cast.
It's then sheer glee off the comic set-pieces that enables Grimsby to transcend its preposterous plotting.
Bad taste can be hilarious, shaking a laugh from even the most reserved, and opening minds to new worlds. But there are also tastes so bad they just make you retch.
The cast -- which also includes Penelope Cruz, somewhat improbably rubbing shoulders with Ricky Tomlinson and Johnny Vegas -- have plenty of infectious, knockabout, semi-improvised fun.
There are only really a handful of films I would say that I actively hate. Grimsby is one of them.
Gloriously nonsensical and completely and utterly stupid, in the most endearing way possible.
A vital, lavish, venomously profane two fingers up at Benefits Street pity porn and the social division it fosters. I laughed, winced, gagged, then laughed even more.
For all its shock tactics, some involving animals, Grimsby is a so-so addition to the Cohen canon whose daring doesn't extend to writing its female characters a single funny line.
Grimsby is ... in a league of its own when it comes to audaciously filthy gags.
Chaotic and crude - but its lack of sophistication feels like a badge of honour.
Sacha Baron Cohen brings his B-game - or maybe even his C-game - to this moderate new comedy that basically defeated my attempts to like it.
A smutty but strained spy spoof in which most of the human-based comedy stays comparatively flaccid.

@highlight

The Brothers Grimsby showers viewers with a steady stream of Sacha Baron Cohen's edgy humor, but too many gags hit the wrong side of the line between audacious and desperate.