While it may do a better job at depicting the nihilistic depravity of living through social media at the detriment of "real life" than Ingrid Goes West, it fails to capture the psychological prison this artificial life creates beyond its surface chaos.
This offbeat and ultraviolent crime drama lacks the narrative dexterity to match its visual ambition.
For a movie featuring so much vomiting, "Like Me" is a visual feast.
Robert Mockler's directorial debut is a New Media scorcher.
Gorgeous and gross in equal measure, propelled by the sense that anything could happen, Like Me is a visual feast.
The filmmaker captures the nasty world of viral outrage better than most who attempt it, too, even if he seems to have no idea what to say about it.
At times nausea inducing, Like Me, is not for the faint of eyes and stomachs. But, like watching a car crash, it's hard to look away from the film's psychedelic, tilt-a-whirl visuals.
More like experimental cinema than a mainstream movie, this dark, unsettling, somewhat plotless film takes an unusual, colorful, and arty look at millennial narcissism and loneliness.
Or perhaps alternately titled, Dislike Me. A psycho-socially driven horror movie about millennials gone mad, taken over by a gadget generation cyberspace psychosis. And at a time right now when idea driven horror like Get Out, may be making a comeback .
Rises above the pack in a few ways - ranging from its ambitious style to the out-of-whack humanity of its two lead performances.
Both impish and melancholy, with Timlin and Fessenden handily shifting the molecules in the air each time they share a scene, "Like Me" has an eccentric bravura to it.
The film's pulse comes from its rapid-fire montages of familiar images.
[Director Robert] Mockler's and Jessalyn Abbott's artfully chaotic editing style, full of ultra-slow dissolves, double exposures and scrubbed footage playing forward and backward in time like the image is possessed, elevates Like Me to video art.
It's not for everyone, but what's disappointing about the movie is that, at times, it's only really for Mockler.
"Like Me" provides a reminder that bile and excrement are not substitutes for ideas.
Director Robert Mockler's technical ambitions are bold, but as a cautionary tale about real-world desensitization in a social-media age, it lacks any fresh insights.
A mesmerizing but unpredictably sincere psychedelic social media roadtrip, Like Me will effectively grab your attention.
The film's lack of a traditional narrative will no doubt alienate many, but for the more adventurous, it offers a uniquely weird take on loneliness and lunacy.
Like Me is exhilarating because of Robert Mockler's willingness to deviate from his satire so as to surprise himself with seemingly spontaneous emotional textures and tangents.
Well-shot, but too self-indulgent to come off as anything more than experimental.
Like Me soars on Timlin's infectious performance, a delicate mix of instability and curiosity.
Unfortunately it drops off badly, descending into tedium well before the end is reached, but some of the imagery is hard to forget.
Like Me benefits from style, glamour and pinkish coloring, but needs a bit stronger narrative to break the next level.
It's an obvious conceit and doesn't offer new insights, but Mockler transforms the material into a solid thriller with an edgy vision of millennial lunacy, sketching out a psychopath unique to the viral video age.

@highlight

Like Me stylishly explores some interesting ideas, even if they're too often consigned to the background in favor of more ordinary violence and gore.