Visually pleasing in its mythic images, and it's heartfelt narrative is both stirring and poetic.
This resonant fable proves again that art flourishes in unlikely places, under the most restrictive conditions.
Like the great Iranian filmmakers, Rasoulof has no use for the artificiality of heightened drama. He opts, instead, for a more universal humanism, which is a better teaching tool.
A galloping fable full of offbeat characters and entertaining moments.
A captivating socio-political allegory with the air of satire as well as fable, Iranian filmmaker Mohammad Rasoulof's Iron Island has an Orwellian sting.
But behind the utopian fairy tale is the genial authoritarianism... Ambivalence has rarely been made so lyrical and lovely.
Conflicts, contrasts and apparent paradoxes lap away under the surface, beautifully shot by cinematographer Reza Jallali . . . Iron Island has an eerie, elemental beauty.
This is a potent social allegory from Iranian director Mohammad Rasoulof, told with humor and a feeling of mystery.
Dramatically engrossing and visually enthralling.
The graceful film by Mohammad Rasoulof balances the residents' humdrum daily lives with magical, dreamlike moments that provide hope where hope often has no place.
'Iron Island' provides no comforting answers, choosing instead to remain ambiguous...
Iran's recent growlings under its new president make such a film as Iron Island all the more remarkable.
A harrowing, one-of-a-kind movie.
There is a whole teeming city on this derelict boat, and watching everyone doing their jobs (many of which involve taking the ship apart and selling the pieces as scrap metal) is quite involving.
A thrilling example of the cunning political allegory woven into vivid concretism that invigorates contemporary Iranian cinema.
A powerful political allegory.
This is what cinema is about. Taking the viewer into a completely alien world and trying to make some sense out of it.
Despite technical and story deficiencies, this is a film that's as well intentioned as its complex central figure.
Mohammad Rasoulof's heartfelt and darkly comic second feature proves beyond any doubt that Iranian film is still alive and well.
The amorphous meaning of Iron Island doesn't seem to be so much a typical meta-fiction dodge, demanding that the audience provide the meaning, as a genuine interest in possibility.
Sparse of plot, Iron Island is visually rich.
A sturdy, thought-provoking, and clever fable about Iran and the universal struggle to survive.
A more knowledgeable person could explain how Rasoulof's vision of Arabia in miniature reflects the personality of chronically divided people, but Iron Island should also ring true to anyone who's ever attended a committee meeting.
Poetically evokes a spirit of community.
A derelict oil tanker, anchored somewhere in the Persian Gulf, has become the sinking home of squatters in this allegorical feature directed by Mohammad Rasoulof.
Depending on one's mood, the movie might seem boldly simplified and poetic -- or boringly simpleminded and prosaic.
Although 'Iron Island' begs for interpretation, for assigning a meaning, such a goal tantalizes but never quite gels.
A lyrical tale told with compassion about a group of dispossessed Iranians who form a community aboard a decaying oil tanker.
Rasoulof's vision of people in a perpetual state of migration acknowledges the struggle of minorities left to their own devices and their self-devouring instinct in times of crisis.
Writer-director Mohammad Rasoulof's feel for his characters' plight, his eye for telling detail and his warm touches of humor infuse this crisply told tale with an eloquent vigor.

@highlight

A visually creative yet grounded film from Iran, Iron Island is a political allegory that packs a punch.