How the hell does a film this tonally out there, with characters this lunkheaded and at times even cruel and hateful, manage to be so indescribably moving?
Superb police procedural film.
Joon-ho Bong lets viewers fall into the cops' frustrations, but these detectives are dogged, not downtrodden. "Memories" shows their lives, however tortured, outside the case - like "Heat" without antagonistic rivalries or a more political "Zodiac."
A much better movie than the more recent and more heralded "Mother", another movie about a killer.
It plays as quite a refreshing take on this style, and, except for the heavy handed ending, proves to be an enjoyable and provocative flick, definitely worth seeking out.
Almost single-handedly resuscitates the moribund serial killer genre.
Utiliza seu mistério (real) envolvendo o primeiro serial killer sul-coreano para fazer um forte comentário político e, no processo, cria uma narrativa tensa (mas também divertida) povoada de personagens tragicamente ineptos.
...merits mention alongside Silence of the Lambs and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer...offers an incisive analysis of the culture that produced the crime.
Low-key, unassuming, and crafty in the way it slowly gets under your skin, Memories of Murder is a sly and smart thriller.
What's singular in all this is the director's angle into the material, which is subtle, difficult to pin down, elusive.
An involving and skillfully mounted film from Korean filmmaker Bong Joon-Ho that's based on a true story.
Bong not only has an eye for beauty there are some gorgeous shots of the country's farmland but for the absurd.
Uses dark humor, incisive characterizations and social commentary to infuse its familiar detective tale with a distinctive flair.
A great opening and...a visceral, heartbreaking ending
The foregone conclusion only adds an extra layer of fatalism to this tale of ineffectual authority and abusive power.
Memories of Murder is such a taut, effective thriller it's a shame you have to read subtitles to gauge just how good a movie it is.
straightforward, with minimal flourish
Suspenseful, surprising, and psychologically rich.
Establishes Bong as a helmer with a distinct vision of his own, supported by a strong cast that's totally at one with the material.
An almost perversely conceived hybrid -- noirish thriller, social satire and virtual Korean Keystone Komedy with a dash of political attitude.
The film's storytelling strategy is unique and its point-of-view mutable and disarmingly subjective.
For a film about women getting brutally attacked and dispatched, the movie has no sense of urgency or underlying dread.
Achieves an unlikely but ultimately successful blend of blunt-force comedy and desperate investigation.
The script is as sloppy as Song (Kang-ho)'s unkempt cop, sprinkled with intriguing ideas and imaginative details that, like the investigation, simply get lost in blind alleys.
What's most remarkable about it is the way Bong builds real suspense and plays the chilling moments straight while leaving himself room for nonsense and horseplay.
These are no gritty 'Dirty Harry' cops, nor are they kooky Keystone Kops. You know what they are? They're Columbo - if Columbo were the schlemiel he always pretends to be.
Horribly, gorily fascinating and slightly unfulfilling
Manages to transcend the popular and cliched genre by focusing on the emotional toll dealing with such crimes has on the detectives.
an unusual combination of police procedural docudrama, ambivalent nostalgia piece, dark comedy and existential thriller.
A refreshingly mature thriller that succeeds in its ambitious attempt to blend quips and killings.
Uneven movie has tonal problems.
Fledgling director Bong Joon-ho received the best new director award at the San Sebastian Film Festival and he shows a deft, talented hand at the helm.
Bong Joon-ho does an exemplary job balancing a mystery with both humorous and dramatic elements.
Memories of Murder offers a ruminative and affecting approach to a genre not known for its emotional content.





@highlight

Memories of Murder blends the familiar crime genre with social satire and comedy, capturing the all-too human desperation of its key characters.