If only the director had had the confidence to tell him to do 50% less, this would have been an excellent performance. Pattinson is well cast as a confused redneck.
... the film still manages to maintain a fierce tension despite the flaws in its fractured plot and characterisation.
In the sweat-soaked Rover, everybody appears to have cut their own hair with a pair of rusty scissors, but the look is more The Proposition than Mad Max.
[David] Michôd propels The Rover at a deliberate pace, relishing the scenery of the outback, and the eccentrics that live there.
While Michôd may not achieve that transcendental awakening in the vagabonds of this god-forsaken country, they've braved through enough hellfire for us to have mercy, and to care about them.
Michôd has created a frighteningly realistic apocalyptic western that's entirely his own.
Poor plot aside, it boasts two stellar performances.
Bleak, brutal, and ultimately pointless, the film stars Guy Pearce as a man whose car is stolen and who won't rest until he not only gets it back but also punishes, with extreme prejudice, the dirtbags who took it.
The final scene is a clear picture of how regardless of the lawless land, principles and honor means everything.
The atmosphere usually gets airless as the action doesn't rove so much as drift and slow-zoom from moody moment to straggly episode. Any sharp-eyed insights into these godforsaken characters or their fallen society are few and far-between.
A scabrous, tightly drawn chase drama—even if, ultimately, the narrative doesn't lead anywhere particularly new.
This is a story that had potential, but Michod's unwillingness to develop any of it only leads it down the path to becoming another small, forgotten film that no one's likely to take any notice of.
Might be described as an anti-High Noon.
Pattinson impresses with a pared-down performance in an extremely pared down film. This is one of those Australian post apocalyptic road movies that keeps almost everything under its bonnet.
The Rover equals only sporadically the fraught tension of Michôd's debut, Animal Kingdom (2010), but its horrors feel baked-in and genetic.
While this atmospheric Australian Outback thriller has plenty of edgy action, it's also meandering and arty, refusing to fill in the details until filmmaker David Michod is good and ready.
A movie of few words, fashioned like the best Westerns.
That final surprising coda (it surprised this reviewer, anyway) goes some way towards making sense of the whole mad enterprise.
For the first 10 minutes, director David Michod's down-and-dusty Outback drama looks like a winner. And then the wheels come off.
The Rover is an impressively staged and remarkably acted drama; while it might not hit the same heights as Michôd's debut Animal Kingdom, it's another fine film out of Australia and one all involved can be proud of.
There's plenty to admire, but little to care about.
A cautionary tale with deceptive genre trappings, The Rover is an unconventional, challenging but rewarding watch with riveting performances and assured direction.
[A] dour, inert vision of the future - a disappointing follow-up to Michod's cracking 2010 debut, Animal Kingdom.
Excruciatingly intense and prone to explosions of violence.
If Cormac McCarthy had written Mad Max or Sergio Leone had shot a spaghetti western in Australia it might look something like The Rover.
Brutal as it is, The Rover evolves into a strange kind of buddy movie. Squint and you might be watching a nihilistic Rain Man.
Michod provides little insight into his lethally purposeful avenger, save a rueful musing on the value of guilt and the need to dwell on your sins...when he's not blazing away with fatal abandon.
An evocative journey, lean and pitiless and occasionally gut-wrenching.
Even with all the misery Michôd can't resist injecting some humour, which works well as a counterpoint to teasingly lighten the mood.
Michôd's first feature, Animal Kingdom, was a fierce and pungent portrait of a brutish Melbourne family but The Rover is a slower, slighter and glummer fable, mistaking malevolence for significance.
The Rover's primary fault lies in its uncharismatic anti-hero.
It's not a pleasant movie, but The Rover twists genre tenets to expose the need for connective tissue that lies somewhere beneath the dark depths of men's souls.
There's a lack of articulation in [Michod's] story that there's little in the way of a theme to make The Rover compelling. That's frustrating, because a movie this nihilistic and driven should be about something.
Sweaty-palms time.
If Guy Pierce is as good as ever, it is the startling performance by Pattinson that nearly steals the show.
Rey is dull-witted and childlike, and although Pattinson might be over-busy at times, his twitchy performance makes an effective contrast with his co-star.
Of Mice and Men at the end of the world -- that's the general turf of The Rover.
The deadpan irony of the final sequence feels like the punch line of a mournful but very thin joke.
Alternately violent and tedious road movie of the post-apocalyptic variety that remains watchable thanks to some odd touches and an interesting performance from Robert Pattinson.
... generates enough character-driven suspense to overcome its familiar genre trappings.
This is an intense film. Music is kept to a minimum. Conversation is kept to a minimum.
There's no denying Guy Pearce's talent, but The Rover is still a dog.
"The Rover" is a minimalist dystopian drama with more plot-holes than plot.
The existential angst feels tapped out.
Despite familiar cinematic tropes of post-civilization, grim and violent emphasis of desolation and destruction make this a thrilling road trip through outback's near future.
Like Clint Eastwood in his spaghetti Westerns, Pearce does all his acting with his eyes. And it's riveting. But Michod's script gives him little to depict beyond sadness and angry brooding.
David Michôd does a superb job of immediately luring the viewer into the spare narrative...
Somber, sinister, grimly sparse Australian Western, filled with pointless bloodshed and explicit violence.
It has such a nihilistic nature and lack of resolution that rather than high stakes, there's nothing at stake.
It's bound to remind viewers of The Mad Max/Road Warrior movies with its silences and baking-hot open spaces. When characters do speak, the language sounds lyrical and sometimes profound.
Michôd's predilection for the long takes that bridge the middle and end of the film could have been tempered, or introduced earlier. Suddenly Morricone becomes Malick, and the tempo slows a little too much.
The Rover is more than just the darkest timeline version of Pee Wee's Big Adventure. It's an examination of the human condition.
Director David Michod's follow-up to his acclaimed debut, Animal Kingdom, is effective in an elemental way.
As much a modern existential Western as a science-fiction drama in the manner of 'Mad Max.'
There are 102 minutes here, and not a single one lacks tension.
Yet another post-apocalyptic, dystopian vision, this one from ANIMAL KINGDOM auteur David Michod, nasty, minor and dazzling.
A psychological post-apocalyptic tale of a loner on a quest across barren Australia to take back his stolen car from a gang, The Rover is the Mad Max film David Lynch never made.
Like many a late 21st century Western -- regardless of the land of its origins -- The Rover asks what happens on the downslope of Manifest Destiny? As hot, parched and heated as the atmosphere is, the answers are chilling.
Whatever [Michod's] screenplay lacks in terms of explicit dialogue or narrative complexity, however, it makes up for in subtle, reflective details and sun-scorched tension.
A beautifully shot, hyper-violent, post-apocalyptic Twin Peaks car movie starring a mud-caked murderous road hobo that either needs to be more articulate or more absurd, but sort of gets caught in between.
The Rover is so intentionally vague and shapeless, it doesn't leave much of an imprint other than Pattinson's odd, melancholy performance.
Bleak but beautiful. An arty, ultra-realistic take on the post-apocalyptic genre.
Anyone who lived through the past 40 years, with its cycles of economic crashes and fuel crises, might see this as a plausible horror scenario.
Leaving behind the themes of an ascending civilization and its conflict with the wild, The Rover envisions the breakdown of society through the genre's old but still relevant lens.
"The Rover" is bleak and gorgeous and has a soulful center thanks to Pearce.
The central performances are excellent if not capable of being too finely cut given the meandering, dare I say roving, narrative.
Offers little to separate it from the likes of Mad Max, The Road, or numerous others mining the same ground.
While the film doesn't really deliver anything new to the dystopian sub-genre of action-dramas, it works, for the most part, in being a contemporary western of sorts. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The destination doesn't feel worth the journey.
Michôd never freely opens up as to what is going on in the larger world, opting instead to give hints and clues and allowing the audience to create its own interpretation as to why things fell to pieces.
Writer-director David Michod ("Animal Kingdom") likes his violence, but what he's really offering here is an odd bond between two severely damaged men who have little in common beyond the damage.
An evocative, moody road movie through the Australian Outback that's as sparse and dry as the desolate landscape it traverses, its deliberate rhythm punctuated by short periods of shocking, bloody violence.
[T]he only note Michôd is interested in playing is the nonstop reminders of how terrible this world is ... but there's at least a sort of subtle vibrato to the note.
Take an immensely talented director, a first-class cinematographer, a collection of decidedly gifted actors and film them. Tack on a musical soundtrack that bristles with originality and what do you have? In the case of The Rover, not much.
The Rover does have a central nervous system that crackles and pops with suspense, but in the end it's not enough to jump-start the lack of narrative.
The Rover" fails because Michôd has gone for style over substance -- a mistake that turns the movie into a wasteland.
While it's never less than compelling, the characters here are ciphers (particularly a deeply troubled young man played by a grunting Robert Pattinson) and the violence feels wearingly familiar.
Guy Pearce isn't as physically formidable as Clint Eastwood or Charles Bronson in Leone's classics, but he's just as determined and dangerous.
Isn't the equal of Michod's previous film, but it shows that he's hardly a one-hit wonder, but rather a filmmaker of vision as well as finely tuned technique.
Cinema is rarely so menacing and provocative. The Rover is that desired bit of sour in a summer full of cinematic fluff.
Pearce seethes with searing, desperate energy that's beautifully matched by Pattinson's mumbling, cautious attempts at optimism.
The violent, nihilistic and tedious revenge drama emerges as this year's standard for meaningless.
It's not just the lack of dialogue but a thin story that keeps this nihilistic tale from conveying a convincing sense of suspense. Too many details are withheld to keep the audience captivated.
A beautifully shot post-apocalyptic fever dream that might have worked as a short but is inconsequential as a feature film.
What makes "The Rover" more watchable than the average self-conscious genre exercise is Pearce, who exudes such weary authority and palpable vulnerability that he's sympathetic even in the film's most brutalizing moments.
There's a thin line between the iconic and the generic, and "The Rover," a grim post-apocalyptic drama from down under, wanders back and forth across it in an adrenaline daze.
You might call it a morality play, if there were any morality to speak of at play.
This tough, violent and starkly impressive thriller succeeds in its main aim, which is to keep the viewer on the edge of the seat.
Forget "gritty." "The Rover" is so rank that if you cut yourself on it, you'd need a tetanus shot.
Michôd not only stints on the big backstory but is sometimes weak on story.
For much of its first half, The Rover cruises on grit and atmosphere. Ultimately, however, I struggled with the mysteries of what was motivating these central characters.
Michod's minimalist approach to The Rover is both its chief asset and biggest shortcoming. It's a respectable essay on survival, loneliness, trust and loss. But also one that ponders to the point of ponderousness.
It's impressive for its ingenuity in suggesting, on a relatively low budget, a 21st century in which the world monetary system has disintegrated, leaving every man for himself.
Guy Pearce gives a riveting performance in "The Rover," full of quiet rage, ruthlessness and single-minded determination.
What The Rover lacks in story development, it makes up for with compelling tension, mystery, and acting finesse.
A truly grim film. Super grim. Did I mention its grimness?
The movie's overall cast of gloom - no one here has cracked a smile in years - contributes to a leaden aura.
A sterling example of the new Australian noir.
Ridiculously stark.
A tense piece of narrative restraint that makes its bullets and death as scary as they should be.
The finale is the one melancholy moment in an austere, violent story.
The Rover fascinates and frustrates in equal measure, with Michod withholding details of plot and character so thoroughly that a nihilistic fog sets in.
At moments, under burnished yet offhanded light, "The Rover" is literary machismo of a high order. And at others? We're watching Michelangelo Antonioni's "Mad Max." (This is not a bad thing.)
Grim, dry and pointless, The Rover is a tense thriller set in an Australian wasteland that ends up wasting a terrific performance from Guy Pearce.
The scarcity of expository background took me a few minutes to adjust to. But part of "The Rover's" mission is to keep us off-kilter; making us question and seek out answers about what's happened before.
This minimalist gem affords a chance to see ex-Twilight star Robert Pattinson at his dramatic best.
The Rover is one of those compellingly nasty visions of the future that has plenty to say about humanity -- whether we want to hear it or not.
A pervasive sense of bleakness soon swallows the movie whole.
This role proves Pattinson has serious acting chops. He's mesmerizing, as is Guy Pearce: always a versatile actor who nails every look, glance, and eye twitch.
The Rover is not meant for everyone, but it's worth consideration if you don't mind getting lost in David Marchad's bleak Australian future for a couple hours.
[The] film is as bleak and unsparing as the world's end premise demands. It's also utterly transfixing from start to finish and elevated by the unexpectedly superb pairing of stars Guy Pearce and Robert Pattinson.
[Director David] Michôd's bravura is an intimidating reminder that he's ahead of the audience every step of the way.
Elements that might otherwise be genuinely discomfiting are rendered silly by how much effort Michôd puts into living up to genre conventions.
While The Rover lacks the narrative thrust of Animal Kingdom, it has potent things to say and allows Michôd to demonstrate a different set of filmmaking skills.
Some may find its ultimate reveal much ado about nothing, a long, violent road leading to a joke. Others will find deeper meaning about what we hold dear and how man's destructive impulses will find him obliterating the very thing he's sought.
The reveal is eye-rollingly bad, a moment of affected profundity Michod's long, winding road trip never earns.
The familiarity of the setting and everyday items clashes with the Armageddon atmosphere and the eerie soundtrack to make a strangely creepy setting.
Pattinson transcends his career-strangling straightjacket with a dynamic performance - don't go back now! Does Guy Pearce ever make a wrong step in picking films?
While some of the film's ambiguity is welcome - we're never told why society has fallen apart, it's just a sadly acceptable given that it has - a good deal of it is disappointing.
This is a significant step down from Animal Kingdom...
A desolate, dark and thought-provoking film that explores the aftermath of societal collapse in the Australian outback.
Robert Pattinson's stare is almost thousand-yard enough to make the film's sense of tragedy feel downright Greek.
Has the feel of the fascinatingly aimless late '60s westerns of Monte Hellman. So you'll need patience to appreciate it.
A movie that offers successive temptations to walk out of it.
Easy to watch at arm's length and easier to shake off. It's overbaked art-pulp.
Michod's arresting and tense film -- part thriller, part warning of dystopia -- is played with ferocious restraint by Guy Pearce.
What separates his film from the numerous what-if examinations of the genre known as post-apocalyptic is a focus on the human condition instead of setting.
A film shot in 100-degree-plus heat that chills the blood as well as the soul.
Blood is spilled, as is to be expected in a film that explores a world on the brink of ruin, but each death echoes through the story the way the hero's gunshots echo across the Outback.
There is both too much story and not enough.
Long on menace, often violent and consistently fascinating.
The desolate country is alluringly evocative, but Michôd relies too heavily on atmosphere when we need meaningful action.
...continually seems to evoke other sources, from Cormac McCarthy's literate savagery to any number of Westerns, particularly John Hillcoat's phenomenally bloody The Proposition.
If there's one thing this violent metaphysical drama emphasises it's that heart is, when all else fails, a man's best friend.
[It has] all of the excitement of being trapped in the desert without a map, watching a cow skull turn to dust.
In revealing two men trying to get in touch with the shreds of their shared humanity, [director] Michôd offers a startling vision. You'll be hooked.
The Rover is ultimately less interested in what's driven the world to ruin than it is in life amid the wreckage, a place as dangerous to the soul as the body.
The skeletal story of The Rover is a case of too much bone, not enough meat.
A bleaker, less colorful descendant of the Mad Max films, replacing the rollicking action of that franchise with a mood of nihilistic despair.
Despite the dense dust-caked atmosphere and a spiky, unnerving score by Antony Partos, Michôd's film adds up to little more than existentialist moaning punctuated by the occasional gunfight.
Pattinson appears to have picked the role precisely because it will send his Twilight fans screaming out of the theater
Where Animal Kingdom kept dragging us towards its dark, dead centre - often against our will - The Rover just warns us to keep our distance and leaves it at that.
I think it is spare-genre filmmaking. It is really, really well done.
There's a purity to the utter lack of rationale here; this, combined with Michôd's way with a landscape, makes for a passable guy-picture masquerading as something deep.
The idea that there are moral laws at work in the universe exceeding our man-made attempts at justice is a great one, worthy of a great film. One day, hopefully, Michod will make it.
The movie barely amounts to more than a homage.
One of the great Guy Pearce performances -- mean, minimalist, and without a trace of vanity
The Rover is a hugely stressful tone poem in which on-screen characters are constantly being shot and killed by off-screen characters... [It] at least makes for a better Cormac McCarthy movie than The Counselor did.
Desolation accomplished.
The Rover is dark and engaging, with superb use of the heart-stopping landscape around the Flinders Ranges, but it could be accused of mannerism.
A brooding and intense journey into a graceless world, with Robert Pattinson delivering a fascinating, career defining performance in the process.
The desolate parable of brooding outback justice plays out as though Cormac McCarthy has reimagined Mad Max 2 for the 21st century, with late-model cars and breathable-fibre costumes.
It's the steadiness of The Rover that is its most defining feature, a sense that you're perambulating towards an inevitable showdown and just along for the ride.
...doesn't deliver the same kind of genre-rattling excitement as most similar efforts, but from scene to scene, moment to moment, it's an enthralling watch.
Between this and his work for David Cronenberg, Pattinson is suggesting his career post-Twilight will sparkle like Edward Cullen's skin. Michod, meanwhile, confirms he's a filmmaker of considerable talents.
[A] dark, dreary and dull "Mad Max in Neutral"
Pattinson, who Cronenberg sometimes seemed to use specifically because of a certain blankness (particularly in Cosmopolis), gets a weird and meaty role and turns out to know what to do with it.
A fascinating movie, flawed but occasionally brilliant, and it's also not at all the film we were expecting.
Fusing a hybrid of quasi-apocalyptic influences into a work with a pungent character of its own, The Rover suggests something like a Cormac McCarthy vision of Australia halfway between today and The Road Warrior times.
Guy Pearce excels in a difficult role and Robert Pattinson is believable and entertaining as his partner on this oft-beaten track through a dystopia of our making.
I felt there was a bit of muddle, and the clean lines of conflict and tension had been blurred: the dystopian future setting doesn't add much and hasn't been very rigorously imagined.
It has a desolate beauty all its own, and a career-redefining performance by Robert Pattinson that reveals untold depths of sensitivity and feeling in the erstwhile "Twilight" star.
A disappointing film that loses dramatic momentum after an arrestingly grim first act.
[A] journeyman's doomsday ...
Michôd's sweet spot is the intersection of high and low, the place where genre clichés bleed into unpredictable and nuanced storytelling.

@highlight

Fueled by engaging performances from Guy Pearce and Robert Pattinson, the tension-filled The Rover overcomes its narrative faults through sheer watchability.