The story is as simple as it gets, but this is closer to sense experience than narrative, the kind of pleasure that sweeps you up and sets you down somewhere new.
The problem with the film, written and directed by David Lowery, is that it's tepidly drawn, with molasses-like pacing and an anticlimactic ending that does little to keep the audience invested.
Dark, dreamy and romantic, this is a slow-burning delight full of quiet yearning and brittle passion.
In the end, you can't help but be won over by the combination of matter-of-fact grittiness, proverbial wisdom, and faded backdrops for fading lives.
It's one of the best films of the year, and its shrugging Malick comparisons should be taken with a grain of salt - particularly for those of us whose admiration of the man is held with some reservation and qualification.
... the cinematic answer to an outlaw folk song.
There's a good deal to be excited for in Ain't Them Bodies Saints; with another couple films under his belt, hopefully Lowery can develop a more unique voice and make a Badlands of his very own.
Director Lowery, in only his second film, offers us a fine modern-day interpretation of classic Terrence Malick.
Please stop it with the goddammed chicks twirling through fields of sun-dappled what already.
Lowery's beautiful Ain't Them Bodies Saints is about sometimes letting go of who you are for a second chance to be who you to want to be.
The [film's beauty] is not just in the incredible cinematography ... but in the way the film holds back information, blindsiding you with tiny revelations.
A mixed bag of gorgeous images and sounds trapped in an only partially-developed narrative.
I struggled at times with the stars of the film... the role seems to call for something more brooding and charismatic, and that's sadly just not Affleck's forte.
David Lowery's richly woven, beautifully photographed Ain't Them Bodies Saints wears its dramatic sincerity on its sleeve.
Mostly it's a flattering array of poses for the sinewy young stars, Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara, whose august company we're urged to view as a great privilege.
Anchored by two strong performances from Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara.
An honest tale of love and desperation from a couple making ends meet, Ain't Them Bodies Saints might just have been Lowery's audition for the big leagues. And he nailed it.
This is a story about inevitable consequences, fate, predestination, a striving against insurmountable odds. This the kind of story that critics love, but many in the audience might find it a bit depressing.
Beautiful and atmospheric to the point of oxygen deprivation, Ain't Them Bodies Saints may have something to say about an outlaw couple's unbreakable love, but the movie is mainly engaged in flirting with pretension.
Rapturously shot but ponderous crime Southern-set drama.
Like a bastard love child of Terrence Malick and Robert Altman, David Lowery's crime drama shuffles to its own drummer.
There are real virtues to this movie; it's remarkably well crafted and beautifully shot (by Bradford Young). If it drifts a little too much toward romanticizing its tender outlaws, it's just following in the footsteps of the masters.
With a dark, storybook mood set firmly in the mode of Terrence Malick's Badlands, or perhaps even Andrew Dominik's The Assassination of Jesse James, Lowery flips the Bonnie & Clyde paradigm on its ear.
Armed with blistering performances, an engaging narrative and some stunning cinematography and direction, it may very well end up being one of the best of the year
The well-acted film is rich in visual texture and subtle details, and its deliberate pace rewards viewer patience.
Lyrical reverie of all feeling and no action.
A Bonnie & Clyde-informed tale of passion amid the criminal class, it's a film of considerable visual beauty, even lyricism.
Even during its moments of unapologetic pastiche, David Lowery's Ain't Them Bodies Saints is an absorbing drama, nuanced and emotionally evocative.
The film has a dreamlike tone that's very, very sleepy. But it's also haunting and darkly moving.
Not perfect and its dense quality isn't for everyone, but for the things it does right, and the performances it elicits, it's still special.
An outlaw saga of undying love distilled to its emotional essence, as if it were something to be inhaled or applied to the skin, to work at the level of the blood and bypass the cynical defenses of the intellect...
The astute use of folk and bluegrass defines the palette of this film as much as the acting or the cinematography.
Beautifully presented and skillfully acted, "Ain't Them Bodies Saints" is a small, solid drama featuring strong performances and picture post card photography
If you're in the mood to pay homage to the 'new wave' of directors of the 1970s, instead of sitting through the latest in a long line of superhero movie sequels, this should be richly rewarding.
Lowery falls back on a number of clichés in his indie romance-cum-Western, drowning the actors in melancholy sunshine and letting them mumble like mad. What he gets right are the characters.
Lowery focuses on melancholy moods, inner turmoil and the golden glow of cornfields to create an earnest, leisurely tale of lost souls and last chances.
David Lowery's Sundance hit, which wears its Badlands rags unashamedly, plays as if dragged up from the muddy depths of folk memory.
If it is a homage, this is an intelligent and accomplished one, a conscientious matching-up of style and substance.
Plays like a note-perfect Terrence Malick pastiche thanks to assured direction from writer-director David Lowery, though the languid pacing, lack of plot and ill-defined supporting characters are occasionally frustrating.
There is a completely numbing sense that this really is a lost Terrence Malick - that this was done a long time ago, and that cinema's cupboards are empty and there is no new stuff to make in a new way.
Although set in the 1970s, this dramatic thriller has a distinctly Western vibe to it, digging into the darker emotional corners of characters who are trying to make it through life on their own terms.
Lowery's film has a solid, grounded storyline, rooted in crime thrillers and film noir tradition.
It's a striking debut...and one which marks the arrival of a major talent.
A slow, banjo-string-tight thriller ... Bodies gets under your skin and stays there.
The film has a haunting quality that allows it to linger in the mind, and leaves us with a sense that Lowery has great work in his future.
Lowery's understated authority lifts his tragic romance above mere Malick mimicry, while Affleck and Mara bring heart to the scrupulous artistry.
With its lovers on the lam, small time crooks and blue collar backdrop it has all the hallmarks of a '70s Bruce Springsteen song writ large on the big screen.
While he wears his '70s filmmaking influences on his sleeves, "Saints" is no pastiche, but an eloquent mood piece that leaves room for improvisation from the actors and introspection from the audience.
Grounded in Texas, aiming for something bigger
Setting aside the clunky and cumbersome title, 'Ain't Them Bodies Saints' is a beautifully sparse and moving film.
[The story is] told in the moments before and after most of the conflict ... and constructed with dream-like cinematography ... a really strong film.
It's beautifully shot, and though it's a film about outlaws, it often moves slowly, in an almost elegiac manner of affection and sorrow.
The spirit of Malick is evoked in this tender western starring Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara.
"Ain't Them Bodies Saints" is impeccably crafted, hewn from the dark, dusty corners of America's poetic underbelly.
This Sundance-sanctioned, love-on-the-run melodrama is indie filmmaking of a deliberately timeless sort.
A lyrical modern Western that casts a contemporary but un-jaded eye on the romantic mythology of outlaw couples.
Even if one doesn't take it as a true success on its own terms, it is undeniably the work of a filmmaker who has made a statement with his first film. And, no, that statement is not that he likes Terrence Malick. It's that he deserves comparison to him.
Writer-director David Lowery strains for poetry at every turn, and only the strain registers.
Lowery has a lyrical style of storytelling that is delicate and subtle yet suffused with emotion and atmosphere. It's gentle and pointed at the same time.
It is not a large film. But Lowery may well be a large talent, and he sure knows how to cast the right actors.
Like crust with the bread cut off.
An unadorned, sepia-toned mood piece, with an ambling pace to it.
Writer/director David Lowery hasn't made a movie so much as he's made an imitation of one.
Poetic outlaw romance is beautifully acted but violent.
With ostentatiously artsy visuals...and far more concern for mood than narrative coherence, it's a film that tries to mimic the style of Terrence Malick and succeeds only too well.
Lowery has a way with actors, though. As a local sheriff with an eye for Ruth, Ben Foster is excellent and, in a too-small role as a grizzled shopkeeper, Keith Carradine proves himself yet again to be one of our finest performers.
The acting is solid.
Rooney Mara's excellent work, which transitions from wide-eyed naïveté to forceful intelligence, is the heart of this movie.
Other filmmakers have pulled off this type of situation better than Lowery. Suspense is evidently not his strong suit.
It's a hardscrabble, heartbreaking, love-and-death affair, and the fact that you just know it's going to end badly for all involved from the get-go does nothing to dispel the pleasure of watching Affleck and Mara swoon toward each other.
I found it mesmerizing, even intoxicating at times. Yet, after a while, I found myself wanting more than just pretty pictures, mumbled lines and balletic violence. I wanted substance and it just wasn't there.
Ain't Them Bodies Saints doesn't live up to crime dramas it mimics
Exasperating in its disjointed pacing, ceaselessly static tempo, and refusal to provide context and development for its nearly comatose characters, this lethargic art-house drama confuses painterly cinematography for overall cinematic distinctiveness.
A loping and lovely romance, steeped in tragedy, with a Texas twang.
At the risk of sounding a bit melodramatic, it must be said that Ain't Them Bodies Saints is not a movie; it's a feeling.
After unspooling in the first two acts, the frayed story returns to a tight form as the suspense builds. What begins as a Malick-esque exploration of light and warmth moves into the dark recesses of cold loneliness and potential danger.
The tone never changes. Scenes aren't inflected, and when the end comes, it registers, but without much impact.
On its own terms, Saints conjures a mood of stoic obsession at the service of a tale older than the Hill Country dirt it calls home.
A repository of fugitive Americana that's substantial and satisfying.
It feels raw, and real, and sets a tone that is sustained throughout.
The characters are too ordinary to care deeply for and the story doesn't add up to much, but Lowery has made a shrine to his actors, to the land through which they move, and to the kind of cinema that once sustained us.
A slow-moving story of devotion, obsession and Texas justice.
Dramatically static but superbly assembled, Ain't Them Bodies Saints isn't just an eye-crossing title, but a warmly realized portrait of separation as therapy, appreciating all the minor triumphs of maturation.
The feel of the movie is intimate and handmade, as if Lowery were renewing, lovingly and poignantly, the landscape's ruined landmarks and infusing them with his own memories and dreams.
A fictional slice of Americana which creates a dreamlike atmosphere around a traditional story of love, crime and redemption.
As Ain't Them Bodies Saints moves along, its elliptical approach to drama goes from keeping us on our toes to dulling everything down.
It's a gorgeous film to behold, but writer-director David Lowery gets so wrapped up in the visuals that the storytelling lags at critical moments.
This is a hell of a film, a marvelous experience, far more beautiful than sentimental, so long as you don't have to have a mind made up for you.
A muted but always engrossing tale of young, doomed love.
Lowery put 90 percent of his energy into the atmosphere and 10 percent into the script.
The places feel lived in. The story feels like life.
With its outlaw heroes and gorgeous fields at twilight, David Lowery's "Ain't Them Bodies Saints" plays like a folk ballad, plaintive, aching and haunted.
Tuned to the pitch of a moody and dark folk ballad that just can't end well, Saints takes the familiar outlaw narrative and attempts to subvert it with a twist...It's Badlands with a deeper aching heart
It marks the arrival of an immense talent who will be new to most moviegoers - although Lowery is a well-known figure in the indie-film world - and it's surely one of the best American films of the year.
This film's longing for ... for a simple, elemental truth that will be both specific to its time and place and ripe with deeper meanings - is precisely what makes it unconvincing.
Ain't Them Bodies Saints has big thematic ambitions matched by a grandiloquent style ...
A wistful and wayward drama about an outlaw couple who will get under your skin and work on your heart if you're not careful.
This is Terrence Malick territory; you might guess that with the sound turned off, thanks to the bronze sunlight low on broad horizons. Still, Mr. Lowery stakes out his own distinctive boundaries ...
...strains so hard for authenticity the whole thing can't help but feel fake.
A character-driven post-Western drama about the terrible toll of loss when two lovers are separated from each other for a long time.
The shadow of Terrence Malick falls hard across this Texas crime drama, a beautiful-looking prose poem that starts strong but winds up with nowhere to go.
Ain't Them Bodies Saints offers no glib answers or smooth resolution, but there's no question that Lowery is a filmmaker with a striking future.
While virtually every shot looks like a work of art, much of the beauty of Ain't Them Bodies Saints comes from Lowery's refusal to choose sides.
And though the plot is wafer-thin, 'Bodies' is less about story than mood and visual poetry, playing like a folk ballad about criminal lovers.
Lowery, it can't be denied, has Malick's moves down pat. It's the Malick touch that eludes him.
Nobody talks without needing to in this film, And what they have to say is nearly always either interesting, revealing or both.
If Ain't Them Bodies Saints seems insubstantial in structure, it may be because Mr. Lowery has chosen to focus on appearance over plot, which doesn't mean the movie is less effective as a result.
Awash in 1970s filmmaking and the kind of stylized folksiness that pickling Brooklyn hipsters with handlebar mustaches will positively drool over.
If it's not thrillingly new, it's old in the best way-worn, comfortable and embodying virtues too often lost.
Lowery isn't a Malick and he's certainly no Kazan, but he's his own man, and a filmmaker to watch.
The film's highly calculated beauty suffocates rather than elevates the story's emotional underpinnings.
A derivative and over-familiar tale poetically told.
A thin, molasses-slow story that appears to highlight director Lowery as the next Terrence Malick.
As befits any postmodern Western, Ain't Them Bodies Saints necessarily addresses the idea of the death of the Western, or the death of the West as we have known it.
There is almost certainly a major nod here to Badlands, as well as Thieves Like Us, and more generally speaking, Lowery seems intent on re-exploring the essence of that particular period of outlaw movies.
a fever dream facsimile of an eventful movie
Gorgeous. Like a lost Terrence Mallick movie from the seventies.
The film is so singular, it's hard to place. At times, its elegiac visual quality evokes Terrence Malick, but Lowery's scripting is tighter and more accessible. His is truly a fresh voice, exhilarating to hear.
This is a consistently moving tone poem of a film, even if its immediacy doesn't necessarily translate into long-lasting resonance.
David Lowery's Ain't Them Bodies Saints landed with the excitement of a bold new voice, and yet, there's also something undeniably old-fashioned in his approach, suggesting a lost artifact freshly unearthed from the 1970s.
Ain't Them Bodies Saints is such a persuasively cinematic experience that one ultimately forgives (but doesn't forget) the threadbare story and obvious reference points on display.
There's something alluringly, disconcertingly off-kilter from the get-go in Ain't Them Bodies Saints.
An exceptionally beautiful, if a bit fuzzy-headed, romantic Texas outlaw saga that announces a considerable talent in writer-director David Lowery.

@highlight

While conventional in plot, Ain't Them Bodies Saints is a visually poetic film that pays homage to the New Hollywood directors of the 1970s and promises big things from director David Lowery.