I think it is worth seeing but not one that must be seen.
This film has real scope, showing fantastic battle sequences that rival Hollywood films like Braveheart.
... a muscular character piece set against a massive war and the power relationships behind the battles (as well as more severed limbs than I've seen in a single film).
Doesn't break ground; in fact, it carries on a tradition. But it does so with both flair and passion.
Warlords is so intent on expertly choreographed, but repetitive, enormo-battles that there isn't much time to develop characters (and the less said about a tacked-on romance, the better).
The film has the dirty-fingernails realism of a Peckinpah western, and the same remorseless pessimism about the ultimate fate of men who live near death.
A tale of noble brotherhood compromised by self-interest and a messy love triangle, The Warlords, ultimately, tries to speak to the futility of war - but it does so by staging one gargantuan dustup after another.
Too much eeyaahhh and probably not enough kiss-kiss meow-meow.
Plays out with a tiresome grimy look, and a strange lack of emotional resonance.
It isn't clear if "Warlords" is supposed to be a comedy or an adventure thriller but it will only appeal to those who appreciate the screaming cast of thousands.
Veteran action choreographer Ching Siu-Tung deserves a good share of the credit, since the gritty, exciting battle scenes are the film's heart.
In The Warlords, war is heaven. In fact, it makes everything else seem tedious by comparison.
The Warlords gets a release in the United States nearly 2 1/2 years after its Hong Kong premiere, and it's a wonder it took so long.
The resulting spectacle directed by Peter Ho-Sun Chan, a prolific Hong Kong filmmaker whose previous credits include the English title "Tom, Dick and Hairy," is a historically factual war movie about the Taiping Rebellion, a love story and a luscious depi
How do you make a censor-friendly Chinese movie about government massacres? You turn it into a soap opera.
It's all lavish, if disposable. But in a nifty change of pace, the warriors in The Warlords are interesting.
The action scenes are good (Chan began his career as an assistant director to John Woo), but they fall between many scenes of Li shedding rivers of not-so-manly, and very uncharacteristic, tears.
Big and raw, it also feels slightly rambling, perhaps trying to tell too much in one go
Chan's old-fashioned, highly watchable megaproduction comes complete with God's-eye surveys of mass carnage, the moist sounds of sword-skewering, and little or no discernible CGI.
It is the rising friction between the blood brothers that holds the story together. The arguments about loyalty and larger missions that tear at their alliance feel both age old and completely current.
Fans of action master Jet Li won't be disappointed, even if the opportunities for virtuoso maneuvers by him are few.
Doesn't make fighting look graceful, easy or fun, and that's a mark of its courage.
Although the film is impressive in its physical aspects, the adultery of Pang and his blood brother's wife, Lian (Xu Jinglei), is underdrawn as a sexual skirmish whose influence on events is diminished.
My only question is, why did The Warlords take so long to get here?
Epic account of how war destroys a pact made by three rebel soldiers in 19th-century China.
One of the most bracing Asian period films in many years.
Certainly forceful, but it only marginally succeeds at pulling the viewer into a state of battle zone fatigue and budding regality, assisted greatly by three tremendous lead performances.
Drags and lollygags, suffering from a sense of seriousness and self-importance that saps it of energy and tension.
At 113 minutes (the original Chinese edition runs 126 minutes), The Warlords is overlong.
Epic in scope but intimate in theme, The Warlords heaves with spectacular battles and the relentless sway of self-interest over conscience.
What should be a massive WWII-style war-is-hell allegory instead devolves into an absurdly turgid love triangle that barely kept my attention.
While Li, Lau and Kaneshiro bring warmth, humor and pathos to their roles as blood brothers bound for tragedy, they're better to watch in action or when quietly brooding than when pontificating on what they owe to one another and the warriors they lead.
The battle sequences [are] suitably intense, especially in the early going, when Li, Lau, and Kaneshiro, low on manpower, rely on wicked-looking traps and ambushes to get the job done.
Chan's old-fashioned, highly watchable mega-production comes complete with God's-eye surveys of mass carnage, the moist sounds of sword-skewering, and little or no discernible CGI.
When pure bloodlust is its own reward, there isn't much incentive for the audience to offer any empathy whatsoever. Kurosawa turns in his grave.
Blood, sweat and tears flow in this grimy action-adventure-cum-male-melodrama, which features a Pan-Asian superstar trifecta doing their best to emphatically outgrimace each other.
Whereas Chan's narrative (scripted by a whopping eight writers) settles into a standard rise-and-fall arc, his fight sequences exhibit a punchy vigor.
...grand, epic, old fashioned film making that presents Jet Li in a whole new light.
The guy story is so strong that conventional romantic interludes with the woman torn between two men could easily have been dropped.
Side-stepping the cold-steel visual perfection of 'Hero' and the fairytale detachment of 'Crouching Tiger...', the film hews closer to 'Spartacus'
Grand historical filmmaking from Peter Chan, if slightly confusing and cobbled in places.
There are no pecs and no leather Speedos, but there is a baffled general who, when facing defeat, blurts out the iconic line: "This is madness!"
As so often with this sort of material, I found the battle scenes beautifully shot, but strangely uninvolving, and the narrative is cumbersome and overlong.
A village-pillaging extravaganza whose music and pitched slaughter compete to ruin your inner ear.
Li brings the intensity previously seen in Fearless to his compromised General, while Lau is a noble savage, vying with Pang for Lian's affection in the obligatory romantic subplot.
Handsomely mounted as it is, it's a bit on the stodgy side. Romance inevitably causes a rupture in the trio, but as time grinds by, your interest is also bound to buckle.
Intense, visceral and highly violent, they look just great, placing you right there in the thick of the action, making The Warlords our film of the week.
Great for battle re-enactment fanatics, not so good for The Sneak, whose senses have been dulled to the slow-motion slicing of limbs and heads which recur so often in these kind of films.
Lest the spectacle alone fail to conquer, a truth-based plot is wheeled into place and historical actualities are hurled over the walls of audience resistance, as if to say: "This rise and fall of a rebel leader"
The vicissitudes of Qing dynasty politics in the mid-19th century remain rather confusing, and the bloodiness of the battles is relentless, but the film has something to say about the spiritual corruption that afflicts men who live by war.
Gorgeous action choreography from Ching Siu-Tung (Hero) features but the film is a drawn-out affair. Characters are only sporadically sympathetic and a love triangle fails to convince.
But the action often gets in the way of the drama - which is what generally happens when there's an enormous budget and an obvious pitch for box-office appeal.
Peter Chan's period epic features some spectacular battle sequences and a strong performance from Jet Li but it drags considerably in the middle section and it's hard to really engage with the story.
Laden with gritty action, but with an emotional undertow that carries the drama even through its weaker moments, pic reps a strong comeback by Hong Kong helmer-producer Peter Chan.


@highlight

Slightly stodgy historical Chinese epic with impressive battles.