The problems come largely from the script, which is bereft of character development and the humor is caught somewhere between too broad for camp and too weird for mainstream appeal.
With a cast this stellar and Tim Burton directing, you'd be forgiven for expecting something far more cohesive than this.
Certainly I wish I had had as much fun as the participants seemed to be having but in the end, and a spectacular special effects end it is, the film was as wispy as some of the ghosts that flew by.
It's thrilling to have this often-overlooked gem of popular culture revived on such a huge scale.
As much as it tries to make this a love story, we don't feel its heart pulsating. Barnabus is a vampire who wants his life back, but neither he nor the film truly succeeds.
Not just a bad film; it's evidence of people who are barely even trying.
Johnny Depp once again takes a role where he allows the make up and prosthetics to do the acting for him...
The nadir of Burton's career and is likely going to be his biggest flop, a film that's not a comedy, not a drama, not a horror film, and not a fantasy.
The only reason to see Dark Shadows is to discover how dire and pointless-how flat-out dreadful-a movie can be even when it has Tim Burton, Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, and Helena Bonham Carter attached to its flimsy pretext.
There's more than enough here for us older folks - and some younger ones, too - to have us exclaiming, Fangs for the memories.
Burton really needed to lean his horror-comedy more toward horror. Instead, it's reminiscent at times of Love at First Bite and the feature film remakes of The Addams Family and The Brady Bunch.
It turns into a bit of a mess towards the finish line, but at least it's a fun mess, and if you're looking to Tim Burton for narrative tidiness you must be thinking of another Tim Burton.
Dark Shadows should have been a return-to-form for director Tim Burton, but with a bloated budget and way too much room to play, Burton delivers yet another wasted effort.
Made for an audience of no one, Dark Shadows is a mess of campy horror, "fish out of coffin" comedy, and gothic melodrama.
Not a colossal failure but an indicator that Burton and Depp could stand to step outside their collective me + you = cinematic magic mindsets.
...following Graeme-Smith's lead, Burton has made, quite possibly, the worst film of his 30-year career.
Dark Shadows is never short on stunning backdrops and impressive cinematographic techniques. It looks a treat. But with Dark Shadows, like Depp himself, you can only put so much make-up on an ageing face and sell it as fresh.
It's just sort of a star vehicle for Johnny Depp, with everyone and everything else a secondary consideration at best.
It had so much potential, but given the result, it should have stayed in the shadows.
Dark Shadows really is just a mixed bag of chuckles and drama that never really gets the balance quite right.
While "Dark Shadows" has many wonderful elements, it is set up to become a new franchise for Warner Bros, but it just doesn't quite have that eternal bite.
Captures the grand sweep and often ridiculous theatricality of both soap operas and gothic romance.
There's much more bloody potential here for dark comedy (and shaded emotions) than we're lightly spattered with . . . offers no zany flourishes, dashing touches or striking shots.
Dark Shadows makes almost no attempt to reward cinema audiences.
In yet another over-designed cinematic letdown, director Tim Burton (Alice in Wonderland; Sweeney Todd) weaves a choppy comic tale of resurrected ghouls set in the early 1970s.
Burton can still deliver a great visual hook and whimsical comedy. But he seems caught between his new laziness and his old genuine excitement about filmmaking.
Isn't sure if it is supposed to be a campy homage, a vampire black comedy, or a family friendly horror pic...doesn't come close to the duo's wondrous collaborations.
Dark Shadows gets stuck in neutral because of the uncertainty as to what kind of a film it wants to be.
Burton deploys the kind of winking, sly humor he knows his leading man can pull off.
Some scenes seem to exist in their own universe entirely, having no bearing on the rest of the plot. If this is supposed to be some sort of satirical comment on the original TV show, which was famously erratic, then it was a bad choice.
Burton's most entertaining film since Ed Wood.
Barely rates as a shadow of the franchise's previous lives.
I'm still in a state of shock over being bored while watching a Johnny Depp flick.
Visually elaborate, but dramatically flat
While Burton should have been comfortable with the story's large-scale passions and soap opera emotions -- as evidenced by movies like Edward Scissorhands -- he seems unwilling to take the risk.
Johnny Depp and Tim Burton make a movie for each other and leave the audience waiting to be entertained.
Burton and Depp have gotten into the practice of making boring and stupid movies lately. Hope that particular trend ends soon.
The movie is completely tone deaf - unsure if it's a horror movie, a comedy or a drama - and never finds anything interesting in the characters for the audience to latch on to.
By refusing to go either full-on melodrama or pure sendup, they've sentenced the original show's characters to an eternity of being upstaged by ugly lampshades.
Does not feel as derivative and artificial as most of what [Burton] has done since 2001.
Without a strong central conflict, the film ends up wobbling from set piece to set piece, as if Burton were continually yelling, "Hey, check this out!"
Pitching the film playfully between farce, with a knowing satiric edge, high action and high romance, Dark Shadows is a lot of fun.
Certainly delivers the goods on several levels without quite rising to the heights to which it aspires.
It's filled with moments that don't really matter, especially when dealing with the fishing business.
nostalgic music and digs at the bad aesthetic choices of a previous era, no matter how well executed, will only get you so far, and at some point we have to be invested in Barnabas's many plights, and we never are.
Is it obviously a Tim Burton picture? Sure it is. That's what I expect -- and, in fact, what I want -- from a Burton movie.
After watching the film, an odd, somewhat disjointed comedic drama about family and sacrifice set to Burton's own uniquely macabre cinematic beat, I'm not quite sure what to call this new take on the venerable property.
This is not so much a coherent movie as it is a long, expensive joke in search of a purpose.
The longer the movie plays, the more disjointed, episodic, and incoherent it becomes. It has no idea what it is.
A flaccid film that might as well be a straight-to-video Addams Family sequel.
Not the worst movie Tim Burton has ever made, but it's the latest example of how creatively adrift he's become.
I knew we were in trouble when the cops drew a chalk outline around the box office.
Not that funny, but worth seeing mostly due to Depp's performance.
As with Pirates, the story often stalls while Depp does his stuff, but his fish-out-of-water vampire is roguish, mannered and a hoot, as you'd expect.. though it's Green's wild-eyed pale-skinned seductress who really sinks her teeth into the film.
The jokes seem to have been written, fittingly enough, by the dead.
"Dark Shadows" is a lot more fun than any of the "Twilight" movies combined.
If Burton had ever worried that his celebrated brand of eccentricity might one day feel dated or even irrelevant, that unthinkable day may indeed have come.
Not funny enough to be called a comedy nor remotely frightening or dramatic enough to portray the original TV show's scarier leanings. Dark Shadows has no idea what it wants to be and ends up being nothing.
Another kooky and over-baked visually spectacular film filled with lavish costumes and spooky goth style from director Tim Burton.
A mirthless monster mash that just manages to remember what it's about, a minute before the end - all concerned praying it's not too late. It is.
Ultimately the film is rather ordinary, a bit like a modest Roger Corman horror flick embarrassed by the size of its budget.
There really isn't acting to speak of because there is no attempt at character development, just character design. Characters only exist as gags, and cheap gags at that.
Basically a cornucopia of ineptness, Dark Shadows should have been relegated to where the sun don't shine.
Looks good, as you'd expect from Burton, but the script lacks fangs.
... it shouldn't surprise anyone that all the funny bits are in the trailers and what's left is a beautiful production design in need of a worthy plot.
Dark Shadows just sits there flat and boring, with the energy of the actors in lock down mode thanks to laugh lines that get no laughter.
... reminds us that all the CG effects and crashing-wave inserts can't goose a moribund script to life. Depp as Barnabas should have gone the way of Love Story and the lava lamp and stay buried.
How is it possible that a man who just a few years ago stood as one of our most exciting and unconventional actors has now become one of the most predictable?
This latest collaboration between director Tim Burton and actor Johnny Depp is easily the best thing they've done together since Sweeney Todd.
The only resurrecting grace is Depp's now routine, freak pantomime performance ...You will scream with frustration at this ghoulish comedy, that's for sure.
Much like pizza and sex, even when a Tim Burton film isn't great, it's still pretty good, it's never really "bad".
Burton's direction is top notch, but he doesn't know a thing about story structure, which is something you think he would have figured out by now.
If you're going to take this, which wasn't a comedy, and play it for comedy...make your movie funny.
Perhaps if every Hollywood film featured the grand yet gloomy decadency of a Burton production, I'd be more inclined to get caught up on where his films go wrong. But they don't, so I won't.
This amusing trifle has some modest rewards for those willing to accept it simply as a breezy diversion.
The sequel baiting is unwarranted and patently absurd. That's because "Dark Shadows" is best left self-contained and self-assured in its silly-serious storytelling. It's somewhere between a timeless play's tragedy and the punch of a 1970s pop song.
Cleverly written by Seth Grahame-Smith (author of the novel, "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Killer"), "Dark Shadows" is a faithful homage to the television show I remember...
Burton is supremely comfortable doing this sort of thing, but after Alice in Wonderland and this, one can't help but wish that he'd step outside his comfort zone just a little on the next project.
probably won't end up being the worst vampire movie released this year
Dark Shadows is a great big mess, utterly lacking in inspiration.
You may not care much for what happens to the characters, but there sure is a lot to ogle while they go about their nonsensical business.
The dark, gothic underpinnings, cheekily accessorized with sparkly cotton candy glam-era colors, go together like a black velvet cape paired with white vinyl go-go boots.
Mostly Dark Shadows is silly when we're trained to expect slightly richer fun from Burton and Depp.
Fans of Depp's past collusions with Burton will find their rewards along the way. But there's a perfunctory vibe to the goings on, a weariness amid the weirdness.
Although imperfect, this may be Burton's most personal project in years -- a film that seems motivated by genuine identification with the 'Dark Shadows' theme, and not by a desire to impose the Burton brand on a pre-sold title.
Dark Shadows isn't an abomination, but it falls well short of the high expectations viewers anticipate from two of the industry's top talents.
Feels less like a fond and knowing tribute than a work of indifferent, uninspired hackery.
If you are tuned into Tim Burton's style, Dark Shadows will not disappoint.
Rarely has a film more aptly proven the "more is less" theory - part comedy, part horror, part '70s spoof, part soap opera. And yet none of the genres in this mash-up are the least bit successful.
Turns out a soap opera adaptation ends up being pretty darn soap opera-y.
'Dark Shadows' is an amusing piece of high camp, stoked by Depp's deadpan star performance and the kind of elaborate trappings one would expect from Burton.
Clearly, they made the movie they wanted to make. It's just not the movie this "Dark Shadows" fan hoped to see.
By asking the audience to take far too much on faith, Dark Shadows can only be an interesting failure.
An adaptation of an old, antiquated TV show that feels fresh and alive in large part because of its star.
Much like watching the Monday episode of a weekly soap opera with its 4-5 storylines all competing for dominance and then realizing that the mess of a screenplay is not going to give us the Tuesday-Friday wrap-ups.
Finally. A vampire movie you can sink your teeth into. Move over Edward Cullen. Barnabas Collins really sucks. In style. With panache. And without all that awful sulking.
The film is lifeless, which would be a funny thing to say about a vampire movie if it weren't so true.
SHADOWS has plenty of Depp's weird allure and, yet, seems to be missing absolutely everything else.
Unfortunately, Burton abandons a promisingly quirky first half approach & undermines a hugely enjoyable Depp performance with an effects-heavy, action-packed second half that's neither funny nor thrilling, and mostly just boring.
A bit of a mess, with way too many characters and full of jarring tonal shifts. It's trying to do about five different things and doesn't do any of them especially well.
[Burton] fails on levels I wouldn't have imagined possible.
Finally, Johnny Depp's first hot sex scene. He's got real chemistry with Eva Green. Makes you wonder what happened in The Tourist.
What might have seemed campy fun in a cheapjack TV series is crushed under the weight of a big-budget Hollywood production.
Just don't expect a string of bellylaughs and a garish pantsing of '70's culture, and there's a great deal of murky merriment to be had, tilted askew by Burton and Depp's loving, bloodstained hands.
There's fun to be had here, but it's buried under all the fun we're supposed to be having.
It has not a clue what to do once it's set everything in motion. Too bad. It could have been a rollicking good time.
I kind of liked it just because it is so defiantly odd and if nothing else, I certainly enjoyed it more than most of Tim Burton's recent endeavors.
It is not how something starts that matters, it is how it finishes, and [Dark Shadows] does not end as well as it should in the hands of Tim Burton. The film and its release to home video are both a disappointment.
...a 'shadow' of its former self, still fun and fascinating but a bit of a letdown for those on the original Barnabas bandwagon.
Tough luck, Dark Shadows faithful, you aren't going to think much of this movie.
Sigh, and I had such high hopes.
...a disappointingly underwhelming endeavor that stands as the latest misfire from a once rock-solid filmmaker...
"Dark Shadows has to be the most perfunctory, most self- parodic entry to the [Burton] canon thus far."
If it wasn't for Twilight, I might be blaming Tim Burton and Johnny Depp for ruining vampires.
The script is an unholy mess, stumbling between comedy, action, horror and romance, without any clue how to navigate these shifts in tone.
It is at any rate better value than the disappointing Alice in Wonderland.
Dark Shadows' only meaningful relationship is between Depp and his audience. He's a persona now, no longer an actor.
How bad is "Dark Shadows"? It makes you long for a "Twilight" movie. That's bad.
"Dark Shadows'' certainly has its moments, especially when Barnabas and Angelique hilariously wreck her office during a surreal, CGI-fueled, PG-rated tryst.
At once a brash, strutting pop culture pastiche and gloomy exercise in self-cannibalizing nostalgia, "Dark Shadows" is depressing on myriad levels.
Can't decide whether it's a parody, a horror comedy, an atmospheric melodrama, or a tedious bucket of crap. Eventually it chooses the last one.
This is not great by (Depp and Burton's) standards, but it's a stylish piece of warped fluff by anyone else's standards.
Dark Shadows can't really figure out what kind of movie it is. There's comedy and campy macabre and gothic melodrama and horror but none of it ever congeals into a story that dramatically, tonally or thematically makes sense.
A loss of empathy for the hero vampire drains the lifeblood out of this project. Flaws don't necessarily derail a film -- but nothing nails the coffin shut quite like an unlikeable Barnabas Collins.
On paper, Dark Shadows is a home run, but they don't play the games on paper.
A colorful yet empty Big Top to house yet another collection of circus oddities that are presided over by one of Depp's traditional ringleaders.
While nothing here frightened me like its TV predecessor so long ago, it scares me to think that those involved read the script and thought it would be great from start to finish. It isn't. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Wonderfully weird visuals from Tim Burton and a highly watchable performance by his muse, Johnny Depp cannot keep the tone from faltering and the results are unsatisfying.
It's a million dollar soap opera and screenwriter Seth Grahame-Smith wrote the turd, and Tim Burton rolled it in glitter.
When you consider all the pitfalls avoided, and all the laughs and pleasures it provides along the way, "Dark Shadows" is a satisfying and skillful effort.
There's no question that everyone had a ball on the set, but the final product doesn't merit all the effort.
Burton's offbeat montages are amusing, but the story's slow start and overblown conclusion make Dark Shadows half a good movie.
Burton's offbeat montages are amusing, but the story's slow start and overblown conclusion make Dark Shadows half a good movie.
An uncertain combination of elements that unsuccessfully tries to be half-scary, half-funny and all strange...
These shadows aren't nearly as dark as they are dull, ensuring that not even Burton's trademark visuals are capable of hypnotizing us into believing that we're seeing something remotely interesting.
Dark Shadows may be overcrowded in characters and story but it's never less than entertainingly weird.
...Tim Burton's best film since 2003's Big Fish.
"Dark Shadows" is amusing, in fits and spurts, and sure to make tons of money, but terribly familiar and fatigued.
[Burton] and Depp, both avowed childhood fans of the original series, seem to be in their element and having a grand old time.
Like its root '66 TV show Dark Shadows, this film is a heady mix of vampire, werewolf and witch ingredients all bubbling away in a cinematic cauldron.
Really, it's more set-up than story: the film grinds through a number of subplots that don't resonate with one another and don't add up to a narrative with any momentum or tension.
It's often amusing and it looks great, but "Dark Shadows" lacks the same thing its hero lacks: a pulse.
Handsome, vaguely true to the old soap opera, and inert.
"Dark Shadows" opens promisingly, downshifts after 30 minutes, and sputters into a meandering, momentum-free mess.
There is a gravity-defying sex scene set to entertainingly demented rock music. Otherwise it is business as usual in the increasingly depleted world of pastiche horror.
Smartly scripted by Seth Grahame-Smith, Burton makes the 70s work for the film.
The script by Seth Grahame-Smith is witless and meandering - and I wouldn't mind the witless so much if it moved, or the meandering if it were droll.
The film's biggest disappointment is the utter lack of chemistry between Depp and either Green or Heathcote.
Whether it works is a matter of taste, but the fact that Burton's revisit unearths enough fun while feeling like four films in one is testament to the source's seductive bloodline.
A movie that heads in so many directions it's a wonder Depp didn't get whiplash.
By trying to hit so many notes, "Dark Shadows" fails to strike any of them.
"Dark Shadows" doesn't add anything new to the genre, but it's a surprisingly high-spirited and genuinely black-humored comedy.
Dark Shadows suffers from the now-predictable Tim Burton pile-on: Like a matron who's gone mad for garish jewelry, he just doesn't know when to stop.
A nutty romp that's as much about celebrating a significant blip in the pop-cult continuum as it is a tale of bloodsucking, of grudge-holding, and the stress involved in maintaining a 200-room, two-century-old house.
While the script is a mess and the finale underwhelms, if you still dig the Depp/Burton combo does it really matter?
Burton's visuals are a sumptuous treat, as is Depp's unerring sense of mischief - but, after a fierce and funny start, Dark Shadows simply spins its wheels.
With Dark Shadows, an erratic mish-mash of horror, comedy and camp period satire, Burton delivers less than even his most ardent followers might have bargained for.
When Burton is going through the motions, his films are as involving as a school play. He directs this film on autopilot. Ed Wood would have done it better.
[S]hockingly, appallingly inept, and it keeps getting worse and worse, as if it were descending into its very own bespoke circle of cinematic hell... Depp [is] parodying himself, which is hugely unpleasant to watch...
In the end the delicate oddity that enlivens the earlier portion of the picture evaporates in an orgy of big-budget mayhem.
Depp summons every type of behavior Burton requires: heroism, zaniness, longing, wit, ferocity, sexuality, icy resolve. Had they stuck to one or two of these, we might have had a terrific film.
Eight movies together later and that razor sharp Depp / Burton relationship now feels less like scissorhands and more like spoonfingers.
An expensive, all-star bore, albeit a bore that's been art-directed to a fare-thee-well.
It's clunky, to say the least ...
Tim Burton is like a billionaire fanboy who buys Bela Lugosi's Dracula cape: he has a perfect right to it, but that doesn't mean it looks good on him.
The film is not an out-and-out comedy, nor is it a supernatural spooker: It can't out-camp the original and it doesn't make us fear the creatures of the night. However, Dark Shadows is not without some delightful moments.
Wildly entertaining for it's first hour. More successful as a comedy than gothic horror.
Dark Shadows is a bit of a slow burn, but once it gets going, it's good.
By the time Dark Shadows gets to the opening credits, it is already Tim Burton's best film since Ed Wood...
Tim Burton has got his groove back.
Dark Shadows is far from the worst of Tim Burton's films, but it may be the one that finally breaks his fans' patience.
Ironically, fans of the series seem to be the least targeted demographic...and Burton has failed to mine the comic possibilities of the 'Ed Wood' vibe that made the series' production infamous.
It whelms you. Its effect is whelming. The film delivers precisely the satisfaction a sympathetic audience could expect from its director, not one degree above or below. The audience is whelmed. It's a whelmer.
Stumbles blindly along with Barnabas for most of its overlong 113 minutes, leaving viewers in the dark as to its intentions.
Depp's Barnabas is a Kabuki-faced boy vampire with a notably smooth visage for a character played by a 48-year-old man.
Shadows a bit too dim on details.
Attention must be paid to movie allure, in a star like Depp and his current harem.
"Dark Shadows" may be too light for vampire purists or fans of the original show, but fresh blood is just what the doctor ordered.
Allow yourself to get hung up on the fact that there is no story or characters and you're missing the good stuff.
A mixed bag of Nixon-era pop burlesque and vampire kitsch is ultimately undone by pedestrian gags and bloated genre boilerplate.
Johnny Depp and Tim Burton enable each other's laziest, most indulgent habits: They make movies to entertain themselves instead of the audience.
There is nothing holding this jumble of odd impulses and expensive makeup together.
"... There is a been-there-done-that feeling permeating all of 'Dark Shadows,' no matter how entertaining it might be at times.
A movie about the undead can still be DOA.
"Dark Shadows" isn't among Mr. Burton's most richly realized works, but it's very enjoyable, visually sumptuous and, despite its lugubrious source material and a sporadic tremor of violence, surprisingly effervescent.
This is not the knockabout comedy the trailer suggests. Instead, it cleaves closer to what you expect from Burton: darkness, quirk and Johnny Depp on great form.
The script is an odd mix of smart dialog and random plot-strands, and while Burton gets the style right he never quite finds the tone.
Depp could play this role in his sleep and in a way, he does. But still, he's the life and soul of the party.
Dark Shadows is very much 'A Tim Burton Film', as the opening credits rather superfluously point out. It's not his finest, but it's by no means his worst either and, unlike his last offering, it's mercifully devoid of undignified 'futterwackening' scenes.
Becomes increasingly flawed and frustrating in equal measure, though it's still worth watching thanks to its striking production design and enjoyable performances from Depp and Green.
You keep wishing that the movie was either scarier or funnier - too often it flatlines between the two - but it's nonetheless impossible to look away.
Dark Shadows is fun if you go with it.
One of the strangest mainstream releases of recent times, Dark Shadows' demented gothic melodrama/fish-out-of-water comedy/creature feature feels like you've slipped into a Burton fever-dream.
"Dark Shadows" offers potent atmosphere and delirious '70s fashions and hilarious gags and some really terrific performances, none better than Pfeiffer's triumphant return to the screen as a pitch-perfect family matriarch.
"Dark Shadows" illustrates the fine line in a pop reboot between "relaxed" and "lazy."
There's no doubt that viewers still know that they're watching a Tim Burton movie. The question now is why.
It offers wonderful things, but they aren't what's important. It's as if Burton directed at arm's length, unwilling to find juice in the story.
Ultimately Dark Shadows is like one huge exercise in mediocrity with a few bright spots that save it from being a complete bore.
Those queuing for the sort of giggly nonsense that the ad campaign promises - 'Captain Jack Sparrow' as a pasty bloodsucker, circa 1972 - will be bummed, but those familiar with Dan Curtis' original TV series may be perfectly satiated.
Impressive costumes and sets indicate Burton's consistent eye for detail, but as in many of his recent efforts, he's applied his considerable style to very little substance.
As imaginatively eccentric as it is blithely ghoulish. To see it is to view something that feels different right to its core. How often can that be said in today's studio system?
There's some laughs in this movie, there's some action, but halfway through this movie it just takes this weird turn, and you're like 'what happened to all the fun that I was having in this theater?'
A faithfully-cheesy remake of a consciously-campy TV show!
Burton's most perverse film since Batman Returns and his most playful since Mars Attacks!
The costumes and production design are first class but Dark Shadows is only a must-see for Burton devotees.
"Shadows" leaves us with the sense that this isn't the last time we'll be seeing Barnabas and company. One can only hope that next time they'll work out the kinks.
Dark Shadows, a kinky love triangle, is true, in its fashion, to the spirit of the old soap opera. Yet its real love affair is between Johnny Depp and the audience who's still hooked on seeing him get his freak on.
Take your partners for a surprisingly bawdy and delightfully ditzy danse macabre.
Bipolar film that's equal parts comedy and horror show, with neither element particularly effective.
Anemic in parts, this Johnny Depp/Tim Burton reboot is still, often, a bloody blast.
Dark Shadows manages in two hours what the TV show took six years to do: become irrelevant and remembered only for how sloppy it was.
Dark Shadows is a mess, and it's unclear whether its bizarre recipe of comedy, campy horror, and gothic melodrama will satisfy anyone, regardless of their familiarity with the source material.
[It has] all the raw ingredients of a cult classic. Why, then, is 'Dark Shadows' such a bore?
All dressed up and no place to go.
In a time when even the most accomplished genre movies have the fingerprints of focus group-happy execs all over them, the relatively unmitigated quirk of Dark Shadows is worth celebrating.
Stylishly surreal, gleefully macabre and visually daring with a trippy Depp/Green sex scene kicking in, this generation gap vampire romp runs on youthful rebellion in perpetuity. In other words, don't trust anyone over two hundred. Twilight on acid.
You don't have to know the 60's afternoon soap to fall for this funny pop confection, but you do need to appreciate its light, spoofy tone. If you do, it's a ghoulish joy.
The cheesy and cheap but beloved TV program takes an affectionate ribbing in the film, which has more in common with "That '70s Show" than its actual source.
Enduringly escapist, it's a murderously funny fantasy.
When Burton and Depp decided it would be fun to make a movie out of a campy '60s TV show, the correct response should have been: Didn't you see Wild Wild West?
A half-baked auto-update of the classic series, and a suggestion that Burton's persistent style has finally worn thin.
It's a great time at the movies and a wickedly clever cinematic treat.
The clownish vampire with a Napoleonic hairdo and blood dripping from his chin is a great vehicle for the chameleon Johnny Depp, but the sort of fun we had with the Addams Family is also missing
Burton lays it on with wild theatricals and a throng of special effects to take us to the film's chaotic conclusion. It doesn't quite soar, but there is fire among the shadows
Dark Shadows sinks its teeth half-way into its potentially meaty material but hesitates to go all the way.
Less a resurrection than a clumsy desecration.
Your enjoyment may depend entirely on how much seeing Depp as a vampire makes up for the weak storytelling.
...an unfocused mess -- a top-notch piece of production and costume design in search of a story.
It's a movie of singular moments, but the images, set-pieces, and special effects don't congeal into a coherent narrative that sustains emotional or thematic engagement.
Burton, as usual, is great on atmosphere and comic timing (these are his weirdest moments since Ed Wood), but less so at reining in an overcomplicated plot and dimly lit action scenes.
The film itself takes awhile to get going as it establishes all those characters and back stories. Once there, it seems to have nowhere to go -- out of the shadows or into the light, it doesn't really matter either way.
Visually stunning and delightfully bawdy, Dark Shadows is worth its return from the grave.
While Tim Burton disappointingly reins in the weirdness and struggles to nail the tone, this is still packed with memorable moments and terrific performances.
Few director-star partnerships are as consistently eccentric or malleable as that of Tim Burton and Johnny Depp, but even loyalists will detect an odor of mothballs clinging to their eighth bigscreen collaboration.
Though sporting director Tim Burton's usual visual flair, the film nonetheless suffers from the same lack of narrative focus that has haunted his other recent offerings.
There were only a handful of genuine laughs... and that puts it on a par with Scary Movie 3.
[Burton's] co-conspirators Depp, Bonham Carter, and the shaman that renders them all ageless have returned to wreak scenery-eating havoc once again, but the resulting concoction is significantly more delectable than anything they've conjured in some time.
Dark Shadows has some sporadic moments of fun but on the whole it's an inferior recycled mash-up of Burton's style and Depp's quirky characters from their eight collaborations.
All fangs and no bite, Dark Shadows is another bland Tim Burton rebranding of a classic product, saved from being a total disaster by the talents of his leading man Johnny Depp.

@highlight

The visuals are top notch but Tim Burton never finds a consistent rhythm, mixing campy jokes and gothic spookiness with less success than other Johnny Depp collaborations.