Made on a shoestring by the Duplass brothers, it's a sweetly quirky story about two brothers, one increasingly fed-up girlfriend and a big puffy chair. What more could you possibly want?
It's a silly road movie, but its heart's in the right place.
It's amazing how it nails the mealy-mouthed way we have of saying what we mean by dressing the same words, over and over again, in different kinds of inflection.
It's crisp and engaging, and bodes well for all involved.
The dialogue captures the awkwardness and frustration of young adulthood with loving accuracy.
There is very little of real substance in there.
A higher 'dude' count than an Ashton Kutcher film.
Some cherishable comic moments.
When everyone finally shuts up, the silence is startling.
A witty, entertaining road trip comedy that doesn't shy away from ambiguity or discomfort.
Actually has a light tone and a few fine comedic moments.
characters simply don't have anything particularly interesting to say to each other or do together
rare is the film where a cut scene will make you like it even more.
Jay Duplass' "The Puffy Chair" is proof that you don't need a lot of money to make a good film, just as long as you have an intelligent and sharp script combined with some convincing performances.
The irony is, it's a journey with no escape.
The whole enterprise feels empty, if inoffensive.
Too soon, the stuff that seemed charmingly idiosyncratic turns annoyingly odd and then just plain annoying.
Built on beats of deadpan timing and splendidly understated reaction shots.
An enjoyable road movie that feels both comfortable and completely fresh.
An aching, understated treasure that vividly captures two people who just aren't clicking anymore. The movie is so small you could fit it in your pocket, and so real it hurts.
... despite plenty of bumps, this road comedy gets to its destination just fine.
Puffy Chair has real-sounding dialogue and a shaggy quality that works in its favor because it makes the outcome unexpected.
The fleeting emotions of domestic conflict are captured more succinctly than any film since John Cassavettes' A Woman Under the Influence.
It captures the nuances and rhythms of messy real-life relationships dead-on.
Remember the Duplass brothers, writer Mark and director Jay. They seem to be imbued with the talents of the top moviemaking brother acts: the zaniness of the Coens, the insight of the Wachowskis and the comedic spark of the Farrellys.
Uses Cassavetes' laconic, loquacious love stories as a template.
The Duplass brothers have stuffed their first feature with fine details. Not all of them are comfy. But they're well-crafted and hint at funny, ouchy films to come.
The Puffy Chair is a low-key road movie that, fittingly enough, has knocked around the festival circuit for a while and opened in a few theaters before arriving in New York today. The journey it depicts is similarly unhurried.
Combines a wise script with funky performances, especially by Aselton, who could give Jennifer Aniston a run for her money.
Billed as a dark comedy, brothers Jay and Mark Duplass' shaggy, ultra-low-budget tale of a tense New York-to-Atlanta road trip is more accurately a relationship-hell drama peppered with strangled laughs.
It may not seem like much, but The Puffy Chair works.
The film never quite strikes a comfortable or graceful balance between silliness and solemnity.
This debut feature takes two genres that have been done to death -- road trips and romance -- and makes them into a fresh, funny, clear-eyed and involving film about coming to grips with adulthood.
The movie may not amount to much, but the genial tone and exceptionally good performances from the three leads make for a winning debut by the Duplass brothers.
What feels like meandering in the moment builds to a genuine emotional attachment to the characters.
...85 minutes of utterly banal people mouthing utterly banal dialogue...
A glorified home movie pretending to be an indie flick.
It is a sad affair, if only because this movie starts with a certain amount of promise that is destined to remain unfulfilled.
A near-perfect relationship-trauma comedy. It's ragged in all the right ways, just like the way we love and wake up to the realization that that love has gone sour.
The characters here exist in a real, real world, very authentic and realistic.
In a film culture in which contrived tomfoolery and overinflated emotions stifle in their effort to provide comedy and romance, something as light and precise as The Puffy Chair feels like more than an exception; it feels like fresh air.
The sly ultra-low-budget film The Puffy Chair fits right in with recent news reports about college graduates refusing to grow up already.
A charming, if limited, romantic comedy that examines post-collegiate angst with easy, unself-conscious humor.
The Duplass brothers have created three characters of amazing emotional richness; each feels as if he or she existed before the movie started and will live on after it ends.
For the Duplass brothers and Aselton, The Puffy Chair looks like the beginning of fine careers.
Josh Duplass has to be given credit. There are not many screenwriters-actors who would emphasize their character's flaws to such an extent.
[Not] very amusing--its stabs at humor are low-key to a fault, and too sporadic--but it is mostly truthful about yuppie love, and that's something.
the Duplass brothers have achieved the naturalism of Andrew Bujalski's "Funny Ha Ha" twentysomethings and the quirkiness of Tom DiCillo's road trip, "Box of Moonlight" all wrapped in a technically impressive package.
consistently very funny
[A] smart and painfully funny debut feature by filmmaker brothers Jay and Mark Duplass.
The Puffy Chair combines great original comedy and solid acting to make a fun movie.
A funny, un-strenuous movie that glides through life as amiably and with as much endearing awkwardness as the main character himself does.
The Puffy Chair is disarmingly sweet and consistently funny; it's insightful, unpredictable and unexpectedly poignant. In other words: it's a low-budget winner.

@highlight

First-timer Duplass offers a realistic and thoughtful romantic comedy.