As a diagnosis of purposelessness the film is the most intelligent, engaging kind of misery.
I can't say that I liked The Passenger at first-I think I'm coming to that-but I'm impressed, to say the very least.
Earlier Antonioni films have often seemed studied, but not this one. Its details are easy and apropos.
Boasting a great performance from Nicholson, Antonioni's third English-speaking film, arguably his last great work.
A bleak and moving drama with reflective performance from Jack Nicolson
What is more interesting than the 'whys' and 'hows' of the plot however, are the 'where' and 'when.'
Sure, it's obstinately slow, but what an eye this man has. Every frame is fascinating.
Visually inventive film.
The Passenger has more than its share of virtues...that still retain their power after nearly 30 years.
What in different hands would have been a bombastic psychological thriller becomes a stark study of existential alienation.
A classic of a difficult and alienating kind, but one that really does shimmer in the mind like a remembered dream.
As usual, Antonioni's pace is langorous, but The Passenger is never less than compelling.
Thanks to Luciano Tovoli's magnificent cinematography of the African desert and the arid Spanish countryside, we gain a potent sense of Locke's internal emptiness.
A fascinating and haunting film that played to the strengths of both actor and director.
A tour de force of depth and quality.
To watch Michelangelo Antonioni's 1975 masterpiece is to see film the way it once was and may never be again.
The best of Antonioni's three English-language pictures.
They don't make 'em like this anymore, and contemporary audiences may need to adjust their expectations a bit in order to fully appreciate this deliberately paced, largely understated character study.
A fascinating artifact of the last gasp of a kind of international cinema that more or less ended the same year this came out.
The Passenger is one of the most fascinating film odysseys of the 1970s. I think someone invented the word cinema for films like this.
Michelangelo Antonioni's classic vision of alienation returns.
The Passenger is a marvel of quiet insight in many ways, not least of which is the chance to view Jack Nicholson before he became JACK NICHOLSON.
...keep your eye on the girl -- she may be the key to getting this curiously languid movie.
The final shot, a long tracking shot that hints at what's going on outside the journalist's world and inside his head, is a marvel.
If you're willing to wait and give it a little bit of effort, Antonioni offers a life lesson
Opaque enough to require additional viewings to better comprehend its intricacies, but it does nothing to draw you back.
Some consider The Passenger a classic, which leads me to believe there are also people who enjoy waiting for trains that will probably never arrive.
Even when he threatens to fall into an abyss of navel-gazing, Antonioni never fails to offer up striking images.
A creator of lonely worlds, Mr. Antonioni painted one of his most vivid portraits of isolation with The Passenger.
In The Passenger, Jack Nicholson gives one of his finest performances as television journalist David Locke.
Remains, thirty years later, as rambling, flaccid, enigmatically brooding and ultimately tedious as it was back in 1975.
An inscrutable and powerful movie.
One of the clearest representations of the director's worldview, in which the epic landscapes and camera movements eerily mirror a character's inner life ... or lack of one.
Here is Nicholson's classic, post-Mitchum cool, but humanly exposed, providing the star punch in Antonioni's pensive dreamscapes.
A movie with which one can grow old, in the same sense that one can see great productions of Hamlet at 15 and 40 and 70 years of age, measuring the relative depth of one's experience of life and the world against its mature vision.
Antonioni's moviemaking panache and distinctive narrative rhythm rarely have seemed so enticing and satisfying.
Michelangelo Antonioni's The Passenger is more than the re-release of a great film -- it's a rare chance to see a major cinematic work, perhaps more than once, on the big screen.
One of the deepest, most rigorous, and most rewarding films of its era.
The Passenger...meanders but there is an interesting story of changed identity, international arms deals and a failed marriage.
A film like few others that truly celebrates the journey itself, not the destination, and offers sights enough to behold that you feel like you've already arrived even before you've been anywhere.
It's a movie from the past that still points ahead to the future: a cinematic rite of passage that raptly recalls a time when the world may have been as uncertain as now, but the movies were often lovelier and more daring.
Nicholson deserved the 1975 Oscar for this, not Cuckoo's Nest.
Antonioni's is a bleak, existential take on life, but...the sheer artistry of the director's technique make[s] for an exhilarating film experience.
The film's final seven-minute shot is one of the great denouements in film history.
Antonioni's 1975 landmark.
The Passenger isn't finally the masterpiece some have made it out to be, but it retains a singular intrigue: It's the first, and probably the last, thriller ever made about depression.
The Passenger can make one nostalgic -- mostly, for a time when foreign films mattered.
A needed antidote in a cinematic world that offers cheap, sugary cinematic snacks. This is a four-course meal.
The real Antonioni discovery this year is the DVD release of his first feature, Story of a Love Affair, a film noir from 1950.
Even if one new person is turned on to the works of this brilliant filmmaker, then this film's long, strange trip will have been worth it.
The Passenger has lost none of its power in 30 years.
Leisurely and old-fashioned as The Passenger may be, this tour de force ending is worth the wait.
The pain of human isolation and the stark beauty of the desert make this preferred director's cut a giant re-release onto comparatively bland screens.
This is an art film - and an Antonioni film at that - so what sounds like a thriller pregnant with romance and political intrigue is rather what we Americans call "ambiguous."
A slippery, provocative work.
A fatalistic tale of identity, destiny, coincidence, existential malaise, and the boundaries between the real and the imagined.
Michelangelo Antonioni's film about a man on the run from himself dazzles from first shot to last.
I admire the movie more 30 years later. I am more in sympathy with it.
Next to this film, Blowup seems a facile, though necessary, preliminary. By all means go [see it].
Nicholson gives one of his best performances in this magnificently shot and lingeringly powerful thriller.
There's always a sense of a ferociously quick mind working like an engine behind Nicholson's eyes, even if he's doing nothing at all.
The Passenger is not only a great Hollywood movie, it's a great movie in world cinema.






@highlight

Antonioni's classic, a tale of lonely, estranged characters on a journey though the mysterious landscapes of identity, shimmers with beauty and uncertainty.