A story of self-discovery Catch and Release is ... well it's horribly, horribly dull is what it is. It's like an entire season of a mediocre primetime soap opera squeezed into a couple of hours.
...harbours a secret crush on Gray but, hey, so does everybody, since Gray has fairies and butterflies flying out of her vagina.
Catch and Release will not cause Ben Affleck any husband-envy. It's a harmless romantic comedy that will garner Garner no awards and middling success at the box office.
Suffice it to say that when the best thing you can say about a movie is the soundtrack was decent (catch the old Lemonheads tune in the beginning), it's not worth the trip to the theater.
By the conclusion of the film, Catch and Release transformed itself from a risk-taking romantic comedy with a darkly humorous lining into a stereotypically syrupy outing...
Unappealing, inert and overlong inane romantic comedy.
Mostly forgettable romantic comedy for teens and up.
Release yourself from boredom by giving it a miss.
Garner is likable, but the film is so leisurely and meandering that it never quite builds a pulse to engage the emotions the way Grant so obviously strives.
Even with Smith involved, Catch and Release isn't the sort of film a guy would generally go to see alone, but it does make for a decent date movie. She'll enjoy the romantic elements and he'll likely find it unobjectionably entertaining.
...nothing particularly noteworthy or innovative...
Can we really be expected to invest in a budding relationship between a woman and the best buddy of her dead lover?
The multiple story threads make it a little unfocused from a thematic standpoint, but it's a generally well-executed lark, neither too serious nor too silly for its subject matter.
At times I was entertained; other times, I just scratched my head.
The film's slight, quirky characters are driven by a soundtrack designed to tell us exactly how to feel. And perhaps that's not such a bad thing--in this case, something had to.
Disappointing film that can't decide whether it's meant to be a romantic comedy or an emotional drama and fails at both as a result.
A ghastly sort of Nora Ephron-ish good taste pervades this romcom-tearjerker.
Juliette Lewis helps break the monotony with a sparkling turn as a ditsy skeleton in the dead fiancé's closet and Kevin Smith spouts a few good zingers as the slacker housemate. Sadly it's not enough to catch and keep hold of your interest.
A film with a fishing metaphor for a title should have come with sharper hooks.
Although extremely slow moving and hard to sit through, 'Catch and Release' focuses on characters who genuinely care about each other.
That this movie doesn't find a way out of the morass of cliché and triviality isn't surprising, but it is disappointing.
[Garner] is moving up the likeability ladder to Sandra Bullock/Julia Roberts levels.
Ugh.
The mark of a good romantic comedy is whether it can make you care if the couple in the poster wind up being an item by the final reel. At the end of 'Catch and Release,' Cupid's intrigues and caprices are less involving than a typical State of the Union
Sadly lifeless.
Catch and Release is a little one that gets away.
I was pleasantly surprised.
It doesn't end with a mad dash through an airport, for example. But nor does it bother with thinking of anything much better.
An archetypal date movie with a good heart.
Much, much better than it has any right to be.
Take heart: you may feel that it takes forever, but the movie will eventually end.
A well-acted, truthfully written film -- there's just too much of it (about 20 minutes too much).
One of those movies where the small pleasures stack up high enough to dwarf the disappointments.
The movie takes subject matter that seems depressing and infuses it with humor and warmth.
That Catch and Release doesn't amount to much is because it treads lightly on big emotions.
If grief were as easily overcome as it is in Catch and Release, Prozac sales would be in dire trouble.
At best a mildly diverting effort that wants to be more than it is.
A romantic non-comedy.
The poor man's Julia Roberts, Garner boasts a similar coltish, awkward physicality and vaguely aquatic mouth... just none of the Movie-Star charisma.
Catch and Release is another middle-of-the-road romantic dramedy, neither offensively bad nor terribly inspiring either, despite its best efforts.
It's an orgy of product placement that gives You've Got Mail a run for the money.
If you're looking for a predictable but inoffensive film, "Catch and Release" is about as middle-of-the-road as you can get.
The star of TV's Alias, Garner would have been wise to use a false name.
We left this giggling over all of the bad fishing jokes we could use in our review of the film, which is telling... it's certainly not the catch of the day.
The predictable concept strains credulity. Throw it back!
Romantic comedies lately are surpassing the threshold of good taste, with death brought into the equation more often. Though Susannah Grant showed some insight into the plight of troubled women through her scripts for "Erin Brockovich" and "In Her Shoes,"
The sense of New Age romantic serendipity and Zen whimsy writer/director Grant strives to invoke in 'Catch and Release' just doesn't register.
Why Jennifer Garner was eager to play the lead in this film is anybody's guess.
Complete misfire.
The floundering Catch and Release is not a keeper.
A strange fish of a film, Susannah Grant's directorial debut Catch and Release glitters and reeks.
If anyone could make death a delight, it's Jennifer Garner.
The kind of movie that just can't seem to have enough annoying self-absorbed people around to rattle on about their life woes. Catch this release at your own peril.
It's such a bland example of its genre, it may as well have been titled A Romantic Drama Starring Jennifer Garner.
Unable to work as a comedy, romance or drama, this film isn't to catch or release. Best to just let this one swim on by.
The film suffers from a style that settles for pleasant or touching at the cost of spontaneous or impassioned. Too bad, because Ms. Garner is a genuinely pleasing presence.
Given the film's complicated and ambitious opening, it's that more disappointing when it settles into the rut of 'happily ever after' cliches.
Were it not for [Kevin] Smith's mildly amusing antics, it might have been necessary to attach a warning to the movie about the dangers of watching it whilst operating heavy machinery.
There's barely anything new in this well-designed, prettily shot piece of fluff hewn from the realm of tragic-comic romance immemorial.
A chick flick, but all the chicks are guys. The dialogue among these girlymen is so unmanly and unrealistic it increases the cringe factor geometrically.
Susannah Grant's movie is rough around the edges, but once you get used to the laconic pace, the plot grooves along nicely.
Calling this a chick flick is maybe too easy. The film is for people who want to leave the house but watch TV without going to a bar or hotel. Bring along a remote and you can be fully comfortable.
Catch and Release is overlong and unfocused but not entirely unlikable. Unfortunately, its least likable element is its lead character, Gray, played by Jennifer Garner.
Screenwriter Susannah Grant makes her directing debut with a romance that wants to respect the mess of love and loss but winds up smoothing all its rough edges with a Hollywood pumice stone.
Catch and Release seems both too long (at nearly two hours) and too short (with under-developed plot lines). Still, you may enjoy Gray and Sam, and even Fritz, enough to stay involved.
However diverting are Garner, Smith and the scenery, the ricochet-romance aspect of Grant's film is, frankly, icky.
Catch and Release has been described in the trades as a romantic comedy, but the rambling, episodic movie defies classification.
Catch and Release is a perfectly likable romantic tragi-comedy, and therein lies the problem. If the essence of drama and comedy is conflict, what do you get when you wash the conflict away in an effort to make everybody 'likable'?
Garner and [writer/director] Grant work hard to push the picture into unexplored territory, and the cringe-worthy moments are easy to overlook.
Catch and Release is an unfunny, undramatic comedy-drama that asks us to care about lying idiots making implausible choices.
Every time [Kevin Smith] comes on screen, he perks things up a little. He makes the time pass faster, and the flaws recede. He turns what might be a forgettable movie into a halfway decent one.
The romantic comedy Catch and Release is refreshing for what it doesn't have. There is no whiny, spoiled golden girl and no baring of claws.
The chick comedy-drama Catch and Release may look bland, but it's not. It's worse. To rise to the level of blandness, it would need to have a few gallons of Tabasco dumped into it.
A film that a talented veteran of romantic comedy would have had trouble pulling off, let alone a screenwriter (Susannah Grant wrote Erin Brockovich) who has never directed a film before.
Catch and Release is a puzzle missing a few critical pieces, and as a result, it never really connects.
This wan, by-the-numbers romantic comedy, which marks the directorial debut of screenwriter Susannah Grant, is so superficial and formulaic that even Garner's mega-watt grin can't completely save it.
Neither a comedy nor a drama but existing in that comfortable space in between, Catch and Release, the feature-directing debut of screenwriter Susannah Grant, is an oddly appealing, if innocuous, movie of considerable charm.
From scene to scene, it careens back and forth between honest emotion and contrived absurdity, the net effect of which is to make even the most credible bits of behavior feel suspect and the whole package annoyingly unengaging.
Screenwriter Susannah Grant (In Her Shoes, Erin Brockovich) makes her directing debut by cramming every conceivable genre into one mess of a movie. It's as if she didn't think she'd get another chance.
For the most part, Catch And Release is involving and occasionally endearing.
The romantic dramedy Catch and Release is off the mark in so many respects one wonders if it would have been more humane to release this one directly into the DVD stream.
Writer-director Susannah Grant, of Erin Brockovich fame, mixes in the funny with the sappy. All in all, a good date movie with a nice twist -- even if you saw it coming.
A noteworthy mess for the sheer mass of talent it squanders, Catch and Release is best not caught.
There are some interesting, if less than original, ideas stuck between all the comic banter and the unlikely romantic relationship you see coming a mile away, but the film never finds a way to marry the less-than-convincing melodrama with the melancholy.
Catch and Release tries to hook audiences by changing gears between drama and comedy. It's a formula that's proven successful for many so-called 'chick flicks', but here it fails to reel you in.
A romantic comedy-drama with little comedy, no drama and less romance than your average YouTube video.
In spite of the material, Lewis really finds a natural rhythm to her character, almost as if she were in a separate movie. Too bad she isn't.
This fish-themed romance flops wildly all over the place, from heavy poignant moments to slapsticky comedy, with a healthy dose of soapy melodrama in between.
Like a girl falling for the wrong guy, [writer/director] Grant has fallen for her own inadequate material. Her overstuffed story feels under-explained.
The film's a pleasant enough daydream before it turns all squoodgy at the end.
A big-hearted light-headed story that isn't as deep as it wants to be, but still manages to entertain.
Grant's debut as a director is less than impressive and soon will be consigned to the DVD outlets where perhaps it should have appeared first.
In the first half-hour of 'Catch,' you may wonder what the movie's focus is going to be; 90 minutes later, you still won't have a clear answer. ...While it's all nicely acted and sometimes funny, it's also utterly disjointed.
A film that focus on real-life possibilities and whose characters traverse the highs and lows of their lives. The perfect Valentine Date Movie.
The film ends up caught in the middle between characters that have a unique way of life about them and a story that feels bolted to the floor of convention no matter how much Grant struggles to free herself.
Catch and Release draws its title from the fishing philosophy of Gray's fiancé and buddies. The humane thing to do is throw this film back too.
suffers from trying to be too many things to too many audiences and tastes.
Reportedly cut down from an unwieldy running time, it feels like a jigsaw puzzle with a few pieces missing that forms a picture that wasn't worth waiting for.
If it was Brad Pitt carrying the coffee and Halle Berry saying she's not serious about him to a buddy, this movie would make over $100 million.
In her directorial debut Susannah Grant has made a romantic comedy that flounders and fizzles with bad acting and unappealing characters.
If it should happen that one day Netflix includes Catch and Release among "Movies you'd also enjoy," consider cancelling your subscription.
Do you hear that clinking noise? It's the chains of the plot left dangling.
Viewers may find its mix of pathos and humor loose and lumpy, but then isn't that how life is?
I just don't know any chick who will make sense of this flick -- it's that blitheringly out of touch with present psychosexual (never mind feminist) time and space.
Despite the film's attempts to imbue Garner with spark, she simply disappears into the supporting pack in a film that doesn't know if it's rom-coming or going.
...kind of the inverse of last year's You, Me & Dupree jammed together with an old Bette Davis weepie.
Catch & Release? Nah. Try Net & Forget.
Jennifer Garner leads an enormously appealing cast as the bride who wore black.
Jennifer Garner may possess the hardest working eyebrows in show business, but Kevin Smith gets the acting kudos in this bittersweet romance.
Catch and Release is an all-too-appropriate title for the glum new Jennifer Garner movie. This fish should be thrown back.
It's passable entertainment that you don't have to feel totally guilty about enjoying. In late January, we'll take it.
Neither here nor there, neither offensively bad nor anything special, Catch and Release inspires little more than a shrug.
This one isn't even worth catching. Just throw it back.
Despite possessing a few effective and affecting scenes, Catch and Release is a mess and the methods it uses to bring closure to its diverse storylines feel trite and contrived.
Catch and Release has a magazine-spread polish that sometimes tricks you into thinking that it's a more distinctive romantic comedy than it actually is.
Forgettable seriocomic blather from writer-director Susannah Grant.
Cockamamie.
Susannah Grant's disappointingly lugubrious directorial debut is a tweener, a cliche' dramedy neither humorous to qualify as comedy nor substantial enough to be taken as drama; hopes for a fresh female voice in telling romantic yarns are defeated.
Doesn't move things along so much as let them float in an abyss of romantic comedy Jell-O that congeals from the get-go.
Deals with serious issues -- sudden death, grief, infidelity, deception -- in a fairly lighthearted way. What makes that worse is that there are a few moments when the film actually approaches some kind of emotional or dramatic truth.
[B]eautifully crafted... creates an aching loveliness of psychic empty space...
This is one of those chick flicks with nice characters and little plot, so boyfriends had best beware.
Kevin Smith has a commanding, affable presence that hints his acting career may surpass his considerable directorial successes. It's a performance that would land an Oscar nomination, if only the film it came from weren't so weak.
...the rare chick flick that defines its heroine on her own terms, not in terms of the husband or boyfriend she wants or has.
The cliches can be grating at times, and even as a typical romantic comedy it never reaches the level of, say, The Truth about Cats and Dogs.
For those who's receptivity to a bit of romance between attractive people is strong enough to prevail against vacuous literary flotsam.
Lachrymose and lugubrious, this drippy dramedy tries to mix laughter and tears but earns only an exasperated frown.
Feel free to throw it back.
...A likable romantic comedy that delivers enough laughs and star appeal to fare reasonably well in the date-movie department, even if it doesn't entirely live up to its ambitions.




@highlight

A romantic dramedy with boring, stock characters and contrived situations.