If you're forced into close quarters with relatives you can't stand, you could do far worse than sneaking off to check out the boundary-pushing gags found here.
It's like Willie said when Thurman found Asprin in his advent calendar - "Well they can't all be winners".
Yes, a mere 13 years after the original, Billy Bob Thornton and Tony Cox are back with Bad Santa 2 and it's just as foul-mouthed and tasteless as ever.
Bad Santa 2 is not that terrible and is saved by its emotional ending. Just don't watch it if you are easily offended.
Ultimately, Bad Santa 2 proves to be the equivalent of a kid getting a board game for Christmas when they wanted a Xbox One.
When you remember how well the first Bad Santa drew its characters-with depth and cruelty and razor-sharp precision-the sequel is less "White Christmas" and more white elephant.
It's fitting that the star of "Misery" is here for the torture that follows.
Apart from the presumed financial incentive -- the original did pretty well in theaters and was a big hit on home video -- why was Bad Santa 2 even made in the first place?
Mark Waters (Mean Girls), knows how to frame the dialogue, but apart from a terrific gag involving an electric oven the movie lacks a corrupted physicality.
Bad Santa 2 is a poorly conceived cash-in that has fortunately backfired in every conceivable way.
[Bad Santa 2] seems to be more interested in spitting out dirty jokes instead of finding a real story to work with
Bad Santa 2's never-nice act wears thin this time around, seeming more shruggingly sneering, scowling, and sweary as it trudges along in its re-boots.
The really offensive thing about it is how lazy it is.
These jokes may be good for momentary release, but the joke's no longer on the holiday: It's on us.
The unconvincing sentimental message is 'family,' but the theme is the humiliation of strong women, who, according to the lump-of-coal screenplay, secretly yearn for sexual debasement.
'Bad Santa' was bad. 'Bad Santa 2' is bad, bad.
You're left with a predictable retread of the original that relies too heavily on vulgarity for its own sake.
If you're a fan of the first film, you'll bask in the warm familiarity of this one.
A slightly inferior sequel...
Such a disappointing sequel - proving that politically incorrect vulgarity isn't always funny.
The thrill of novelty and oddness... may be gone but Billy Bob's reaction shots remain a Christmas miracle, Tony Cox snarls with aplomb and Bates hasn't been so much fun since Adam Sandler was tied to her apron-strings in The Waterboy.
The cast is the best thing about it but even they can't save this film from being a mess, since its plot is full of rude words and an exacerbated bad taste. [Full review in Spanish]
This film is far from perfect, but it made me and some other terribly frightened folks laugh for a while in the dark.
The whole series is based on the notion that no one is any better than his worst impulse.
The original Bad Santa found just the right tone for its dark, vulgar humor -- but this sequel feels like a too-little, too-late attempt to recapture faded glory.
Even by the relatively low standards set by Christmas comedies, Bad Santa 2 is a fail.
It is almost appalling in its pervasively grungy, feel-bad attitude.
What every good Christmas movie needs is what this superficially entertaining sequel lacks: a soul.
What was once charmingly weird now plays as creepy, mirroring the movie itself.
Bad Santa 2 is up there with the worst films I've seen in recent years.
The original is still a classic, and we can just pretend that this one never happened.
Like a pair of seasoned jazz pros turning a bland ditty into something at least mildly diverting, Bates and Thornton are able to exit this mess with most of their dignity intact. The same cannot be said for the creative team behind it.
No one saw a Bad Santa sequel coming. And no one will be coming to see Bad Santa 2, once they get a whiff of the pungent stench of stale jokes and grim misanthropy wafting off this ugly, uninspired comedy.
Bad Santa 2 is little more than a string of crude, largely unprintable, one-liners that feel more like they belong in an outtakes reel than a legitimate movie.
It takes everything that was fresh and assertive about the original and transforms it into vile, hateful overkill.
While the film will probably prove divisive among the majority of cinemagoers, it will be universally loved by terrible people.
The intent is there, but Bad Santa 2 is a tired sequel that lacks the first film's festive freshness.
While the foul language, misanthropic attitude, and cynical performances still come into focus, even squinting might not pick up much in the way of the first film's clever plotting, genuine wit, and sneaky subversive streak running throughout.
Achingly puerile with a sackful of yawningly repetitive and crude gags. In the words of Alan Rickman's Sheriff of Nottingham, it's time to cancel Christmas.
It's a font of tired jokes and off-colour routines; aggressive one minute, maudlin the next. Steer this one gently into a darkened room.
Though there are many LOL moments, "Bad Santa 2" offers nothing different from the original.
A belated, gaseous sequel that slowly burns off its fumes of disappointment until all that's left is a flaming hull of misery.
Billy Bob's best ever character and the original was his best ever performance. Love the character enough to see it but it's not as good at being bad as Bad Santa.
We have long hoped that there might one day be a sequel. We need to be careful what we wish for.
If you like good bawdy humor, are not easily offended, and are a fan of the first "Bad Santa," this is a worthy follow-up. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Nudity, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
The film itself isn't awful - it packs some good lines and a few decent variations on the theme - but it can't help feeling like more of the same.
The shtick becomes a little samey but there are enough pearls of idiocy and head-in-the-oven moments to keep you in the perversely festive spirit.
It opens with suicide attempts and ends with an assortment of "tea bagging" photos, keeping "Bad Santa 2" low to the ground, and yet it somehow still falls below expectations.
Bad Santa 2 is lacking the critical elements of surprise and heart the first film had underneath its nihilist exterior.
It's a pale imitation of the original, a pretty good retread at best, but it's still a pretty funny one. You just can't recreate the shock value of the original.
The charm of the original was in seeing this misanthrope put under pressure by so much good will, but, like Thornton's ill-fitting beard, the balance has tipped too far the other way.
Desperately feeble, a barrage of rampant political incorrectness that could be forgiven, celebrated even, if it were in the service of a few belly laughs. But belly laughs come there none, or at least, dismally few.
A true Christmas turkey.
A photocopy of a photocopy, this could perhaps be the nadir of the wave of decade-too-late comedy sequels. Only Thornton completists, and hopeless nostalgists, need apply.
The level of not very funny things this entails, even by the standards of barely-awaited sequels to lowbrow Yuletide comedies, is kind of impressive.
At its best, Bad Santa 2 feels like an echo of its predecessor. At its worst, it's unfunny, crass, and uncomfortable (not in a good way).
Waters wrings occasional snickers from a patchy script, but the whole feels tamely conventional: misanthropy passed through the usual Hollywood motions.
Only offensive in its mediocrity.
Hard to believe it took 13 years to get a sequel to our screens and still have it show not a hint of Bad Santa's inspiration or subversion.
Once-edgy jokes about Santa's vomit-caked beard, his open hostility toward children, and sexual proclivities in line with R. Crumb are now compulsory elements, like Bruce Willis saying "Yippie-ki-yay" in a Die Hard sequel.
No doubt some critics will slam Bad Santa 2 as a lump of coal in our holiday movie stockings. To which I would say: why be so rough on lumps of coal?
Though the ribald dialogue offers moments of perverse pleasure, they're always just moments, never entire scenes.
Bad Santa 2 is another late comedy sequel that fails to catch lightning in a bottle again with a poor script and weak characters.
If there's a cinematic equivalent of asking for a pony and getting a photo of one instead, Bad Santa 2 is it.
Billy Bob Thornton proves once again that he is the only actor capable of bringing Willie T. Stokes to life, but not even he can help jolt life into a sequel that never had any chance of being anything other than dead on arrival.
With a sack full of coal, 'Bad Santa 2' is number one on the naughty list.
...like a punk rocker giving the finger, or a secretly chugged cocktail at a contentious family holiday dinner: arguably a cliched act of rebellion, possibly unnecessary, but most certainly welcome at the time.
Sorry to be a Bad Santa Grinch, but if you really hate Christmas, and everything it stands for, or comedy films in general, then this is exactly the movie for you.
We asked for a filthy new Bad Santa for Christmas and now know the same letdown as unwrapping a box of sensible socks on Dec. 25, albeit dirty ones.
Endless is the wink-wink oh-no-they-didn't jesting. Exhausting are the faux-defiant rib-nudging jibes.
Bad Santa 2 is a film that doesn't provide any real reason for its existence other than to cash in on the cult status of the original brand.
Naughty, not nice, often hilarious. Thornton and Bates make a great mother-son team.
Quietly, Thornton is an excellent comic, and writer Shauna Cross wisely gives him the film's best material to laugh-out-loud effect.. [But] film also suffers from a robust case of sequelitis.
Ho Ho No. Bad Santa 2 is an unnecessary follow-up to the 2003 cult classic.
Bad Santa 2 doesn't hate Christmas. It just hates women.
Bad Santa 2 has to make do with director Mark Waters (Mean Girls), who is both more sentimental and more accepting of broad, panicky comedy.
Believe it or not, vomit, urine and two attempted suicides show up in the first three minutes alone of this "holiday comedy" sequel. Even crazier, so do three Academy Award winners.
Sequels comes the supposed benefit of knowing exactly what audiences responded too so fervently, but this can be detrimental as the inclination to appease that same crowd & attempt to emulate what worked in the past so rarely breeds the same results.
Fans will be relieved that Willie remains incorrigible in the sequel -- there has been no attempt to make him over.
Bad Santa had kind of a film noir atmosphere. Bad Santa 2 takes the same great character and sticks him into a sitcom.
While there are some moments that actually entertain throughout the film, in the end it's not unique enough to exist, or even give a damn about.
This sequel actively devalues the compassion-on-the-knife-edge-of-misanthropy that distinguished the original in favor of a mainstream gross-out cartoon.
It's hard to shock people, even with edgy language and frank sexuality, when you're reproducing something everyone's seen before.
Bad Santa movies are for people who hate sappy Christmas movies. It's also for people who secretly like sappy Christmas movies but like to make fun of others who do anyway.
The worst...The only question is whether it's more rancid or putrid. Decisions, decisions.
Before the Bad/Dirty boom, it still felt kind of shocking to see an antihero alcoholic racist in a Santa Claus suit having sex with prostitutes in a major motion picture.
Once seen, instantly forgotten.
The replacement filmmakers have gone straight for vulgarity and grossness without capturing the genuine subversion of the original.
Brett Kelly's breakout performance makes Thurman a classic Christmas movie character - if only there were more of his goodness and less of the badness.
The script by Johnny Rosenthal and Shauna Cross will make you uncomfortable and embarrassed at your laughter. It's OK.
Like the 2003 original, the comedy Bad Santa 2 is a foul-mouthed and mean-spirited Christmas tale -- but, unlike the original, it loses its nerve in the final reel with a stab at unearned redemption.
It's amusing enough, and certainly better than any of the schmaltzy holiday claptrap the studios clog up the multiplexes with this time of year.
If ever there was a movie that should never have been made, "Bad Santa 2" is that movie.
While Ms. Bates can be a nimble scene stealer, decking her out in tattoos and punk jewelry is not enough to spark an uninspired script.
Bad Santa 2 is the same holiday depravity with half the enthusiasm, too drunk on its own despicable tone.
If you loved the first movie for its weird nihilism -- or believe that comedies are best when they don't just aim for the lowest common denominator -- sit this one out.
Plays out like a seventh-grader's mimicking of the original: chock-full of sex, booze, and four-letter insults, but stripped of any originality or subversive pluck.
"Bad Santa 2" insults the intelligence and taste of the first film's audience by including all of the biliousness and vulgarity of the first film, but none - or precious little - of its scabrous joie de vivre.
Trying to recapture that dark magic doesn't work the second time around. This lazy sequel is a lump of coal in a dirty stocking.
Bad Santa 2 is the kind of sequel that makes you appreciate the intangibles of the creative process. It demonstrates how a lousy movie can be made from basically the same ingredients as a good one.
Works only when Thornton and Brett Kelly (returning as the now grown Thurman) are paired. Otherwise, a pale imitation of the original.
Some stories actually end. Some characters don't deserve another go-around. Some tales are best left untold ... simply because they never needed to be told in the first place. It only takes a whopping three minutes of Bad Santa 2 to realize this.
Willie may not have a heart of gold. But he's got a heart of bloody, barely thumping meat, same as the rest of us. And in this bitter season of unceasing, frostbitten darkness, it's heart enough.
Screenwriters Johnny Rosenthal and Shauna Cross merely ramp up the obscenities, as if operating under the sophomoric belief that characters frequently swearing at each other and objectifying women is, in and of itself, the height of comic wit.
If one ignores all the blather about "family" that vainly strives to imbue this corrosive sequel with some holiday-theme heft, there's quite a bit of pure, putrid nastiness to enjoy throughout this second go-round.
Fans of the original know what to expect here. If you can't get enough of Bad Santa's mean streak, you'll find plenty to enjoy in Bad Santa 2.
So, Christmas comes twice this year? Or is that just Santa?
This sequel's main cast is still in fine form, but the rehashed jokes feel past their prime.
It's rote stuff, not nearly as funny as filmmaker Mark Waters and company seem to think.
Thornton, Bates and Cox give their all to the misanthropic dialogue, but they're spewing bile without a safety net. Bad Santa is one Christmas classic that should have been left well alone.
The plot takes a backseat to the insults and gross-out lines. Fine, maybe, but it's been done - in the 2003 film.
It just so happens that a film of people acting awful to each other feels extra real in our chaotic, insane times.
A lot of this is funny, and a lot of it isn't.
Bad Santa 2 is as gloriously raunchy as the original, you will laugh yourself into the ground.
In its early stretches, "Bad Santa 2" is merely dispiriting. Give it a chance, though, and it can surprise with its own voice and own gags.
If it's any consolation, Bad Santa 2 doesn't hurt the 'Billy Bob Thornton' image, though that's faint praise indeed.
In a year already full of crappy sequels, Bad Santa 2 is the lump of coal we really didn't need this Christmas.
Bad Santa 2 devolves into a series of one-liners trying way too hard to be offensive. Bad Santa may have had some memorable lines, but it wasn't a jokey movie.
An agonizingly strained attempt at misanthropic comedy, "Bad Santa 2" is puerile when it should be shocking, calculating when it should be transgressive, and listless when it should be liberating. The desperate crassness of the whole endeavor galls.
The fact that these gags and one-liners are meant to offend isn't even half as criminal as the fact that the humor in 'Bad Santa 2' is repetitious, poorly timed, and devoid of any real feeling.
The jokes take on a rote quality, the vituperative insults and verbal jabs repeating themselves until it all sounds like an endless loop of dogs barking "Jingle Bells."
A weary, half-hearted affair that doesn't even have the courage of its own nihilism.
For those who've endured the long gap between Bad Santa movies like kids eagerly anticipating Christmas, this sequel brings it on like Saint Nick's overstuffed bag of goodies, with plenty to entertain (and offend) everyone.
Both a potent rendering of and cure for the holiday blues, Bad Santa 2 shows that even the most hopeless situations can be remedied and that just about anyone is capable of redemption.

@highlight

Loaded up with the same scatological and misanthropic humor as its predecessor but precious little of its heart or genuine wit, Bad Santa 2 presents a foulmouthed shadow of Christmas past.