Oscar-nominated actor Robert Downey Jr. usually has a knack for picking good movies. But Due Date is not one of them.
Galifianakis keeps the laughs coming in the hilarious, banter-filled first half, but as Due Date descends into explosions, car-chases and awkwardly inserted moments of poignancy, it loses its wit and pacing in favor of predictable stunts.
Due Date is absolutely hilarious! Downey Jr. and Galifianakis are perfect together and the film is wildly entertaining.
As far as road trip comedies go, this isn't the best one. However, it has plenty of funny parts - even outside of the trailer.
Aims the slow burn of Robert Downey Jr. at the addled idiocy of Zach Galifianakis in a "Hangover" director's version of "Planes, Trains and Automobiles."
"Due Date" begins with a bad dream and eventually feels like one. It's tired and formulaic and offers only a few mild laughs.
Phillips convolutes the adventure with a bizarre mix of unrealized emotional complexity and over-the-top gross-out humor but most viewers will still enjoy the loony ride.
"Due Date" wants to get you attached to its characters, but never finds the emotional resonance to make it happen.
... Dramatic moments work better than most of the comedy.
Downey and Galifianakis start this year's movie countdown to Christmas ho-ho-ho's with a solid round of rousing ha-ha-ha's.
It runs out of steam before the end comes into view.
Some amusing bits punctuate the tone-deaf proceedings like actual bits of chicken in Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup.
Having established that this movie has no good reason to exist beyond extending Zach Galifianaki's recent brand ascendancy, it's as good as you could want a useless entertainment exercise to be.
Peter and Ethan are not people you'd care to have sitting next to you on the shortest of bus trips, let alone a 2,000-mile car journey, but Downey Jr and Galifianakis make Due Date well worth the ride.
How much you'll enjoy Due Date depends more on your esteem for the leads rather than the quality of the screenplay; it is a mess of emotions and situations, working more than not, though tainted by that air of laziness that the entire production invites.
...an ill-tempered comedy, relying on misfortune and childishness for its humor.
A post-9/11 reproductive countdown road movie, Due Date rummages for laughs by pairing two eccentric comic actors together for a long cross-country drive, who should probably never be in the same room together.
Due Date manages to deliver the laughs.
Downey is not entirely comfortable playing straight man and a little of Galifianakis's antics goes a long way.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Remember the John Candy/Steve Martin comedy 'Planes, Trains and Automobiles'? If so, 'Due Date' will bring it back to mind because it's a blend of that film and "The Hangover."
Sometimes laugh-out-loud funny, sometimes depressing, 'Due Date' may be more psych test than comedy...
The initial setup is a bit of a stretch and the ending feels unfinished but most of the stuff in between - bog standard as it is - works pretty well.
As an overall journey, the movie disappoints, but as a collection of scenes, it's funnier than most comedies. When Todd Phillips' picture slows down, its character-driven moments are usually a winning mixture of the absurd, insensitive and poignant.
With a strange sense of 'Planes, Trains and Automobiles', but missing the magic, this one would be a great buddy film!
The ride in Due Date is not only the usual raucous escapade, with car crashes and run-ins with authorities, but also takes a turn toward what might be called Peter's dark side.
It's almost like they said: I know, let's create a great setup for a mismatched buddy road comedy thing...and that was about all the thought that went into it.
I Think the Movie Lost me When Robert Downey Jr punched out a ten-year old.
Todd Phillip's lack of restraint in The Hangover brought a wild, yet funny energy. Unfortunately, that same approach makes Due Date a chaotic, humourless mess.
It's bad enough that it took four screenwriters to ineptly rehash Planes, Trains and Automobiles, but it's even worse that they've only managed to come up with one new joke each.
Phillips squeezes a lot of comedy juice from the odd couple pairing and, even with a few flat moments, the film shows a remarkable ability to keep hitting its sweet spot.
This would be passable enough fare for a throwaway comedy had the two stars bothered to bring their A-game.
It's true that they're undesirable travel companions (to each other, and to the audience), but you have to admire a comedy bold enough to feature such detestable lead characters.
It's a bumpy ride, but Due Date is a road movie trip worth taking.
I would much rather see two hours of [Robert Downey, Jr.] improvising without any script, than watch five minutes of Zach Galifianakis' tired shtick.
America's coolest actor, funniest new comedian and hottest directing talent have somehow conspired to make one of the most worthless films in recent memory.
I was actually surprised at the lack of good comedy in the film and I think it has to do with the fact that both these characters, with whom we spend so much time, are not actually all that sympathetic.
It's a tough double act, but the film pulls it off with great confidence and some major laughs.
[Phillips'] talent lies in the comedy of embarrassment and while this isn't quite up to the standards of The Hangover, it's not a bad example.
Although both Downey Jr. and Galifianakis give strong performances, it takes too long to truly warm to their characters.
It's not as funny as The Hangover, nor is the screenplay nearly as good, but there is an appealing sense of the ridiculous
Due Date leaves viewers stranded.
It is as if Judd Apatow were directing Rain Man.
Let me say right off that I liked this movie the first time I saw it, when it was called "Planes, Trains and Automobiles."
The film suffers because every funny joke is in the trailer and director Todd Phillips overuses Zack Galafianakis.
Watching Due Date is kind of like taking a really lengthy car trip. Every so often, you see something awesome, but then there are long stretches of monotony in between.
Plenty to laugh, and cringe, at.
Simply unfunny, obnoxious and mean-spirited. I might also add that it's thinly plotted and annoying, but there's no point in kicking the movie while it's down.
Due Date joins Furry Vengeance and I'm Still Here on the list of the year's worst movies.
An uneven yet affable piece of work...
Too little comedy; too much Galifianakis; and why is Robert Downey, Jr. in this movie?
A relentlessly-offensive bottom-feeder of no redeeming social value which I learned in law school is the Supreme Court's definition of obscene.
Due Date is uproarious fun and comfortably holds its own alongside its Steve Martin forebear.
These guys can't buy a laugh.
Downey is slumming and looks like he knows it ...
It's a little crude to see the character's weirdness being exploited for drama after so readily being jabbed for cheap laughs in the first half
What starts out as an inspired coupling turns into another hate-you-love-you buddy flick, a moratorium on which is long overdue.
Zach Galifianakis manages to mix quirky-just-this-side-of-crazy with facial expressions that at times are strangely expressionless.
Mismatched buddy film takes us through a lot of familiar Apatow turf, whose low-brow formulaic comedy antics are getting stale with overuse.
Due Date does have its funny moments, but it pales in comparison with Phillips' The Hangover.
Due Date ain't The Hangover. But it is a decent Leftover.
An idea and cast that should be great doesn't have enough laughs to get through all of the annoyance.
Good performances, but where the film falters is in its inability to deliver the laughs.
Robert Downey Jr. and Zach Galifianakis try to make the most of a film devoted more to a series of silly situations than to believable interactions and plot.
Most comedy threads the needle between humor and discomfort, but the noisy and curiously bleak Due Date jabs that needle right in your eye. Repeatedly.
That four writers basically rip off the 1987 classic Planes, Trains, and Automobiles and do it badly says it all.
Films like Get Him to the Greek have already done a far superior job with madcap this year.
You can usually tell when a mainstream American comedy is worried about its laugh quotient, because it goes into needlessly crude mode.
You expect a comedy to throw in the heart, not go all Precious: Based on the novel Push by Sapphire on you. You need that to appreciate when they get goofy though.
A painful comedy in the lowest-common-denominator mold.
a savage sense of the absurd unfettered by convention, shame, or guilt
The film is flat. Visually flat, structurally flat and dramatically flat, and even though there were things about it I admired there was almost nothing I can admit to liking.
The most offensive bodily fluid being hurled around in Due Date are the tears that Phillips dishonestly tries to wrest from the audience's eyes.
Due Date is just like 'Planes, Trains and Automobiles' but without the humor and heart.
What was abundant before but is now missing in Philips' latest outing is a small but essential element that helped leaven the vulgarity: surprise.
This is a sloppy Shakespearean tragedy, full of forced sound and fury, and in the end, signifying a wasted 90 minutes of movie stock nothingness.
Due Date is funny enough, but it should have been funnier.
Due Date will have you laughing your a** off!
Welcome to the ritual humiliation of Robert Downey Jr.
Less raunchy than Hangover, but still edgy, mature.
If you're jonesing that hard for Hangover 2, this is just going to be the sickly sweet methadone that leaves you craving a better high.
An indolent and painfully unfunny attempt at comedy with uninspired, forced humor and annoying characters that have zero chemistry.
When characters here aren't mean, they're fed up, and after a while, the feeling is mutual.
The biggest liability the road comedy Due Date carries is expectations.
Basically Planes, Trains and Automobiles with Robert Downey Jr. and Zach Galifianakis, minus the earned sentiment and John Hughes cred.
Todd Phillips' Due Date is a massive wedgie of a comedy, which is to say it's a comedy of extreme discomfort -- it's so unnerving, in fact, it sometimes seems more like an experimental theater piece than a mainstream entertainment.
Downey and Galifianakis [are] flailing at every turn trying to make something out of really played-out, limp material.
Involuntary drug use, the understanding female waiting at home, masturbating innocents, violent strangers with crowbars - it seems as if this whole film is a hangover from The Hangover.
It is moronic, juvenile and seriously offensive to the intelligence of the movie going audience.
Presumably "Due Date" looked great as a film treatment. Not so great on actual celluloid.
More of an extended sketch than a comedy classic. Still, it has Robert Downey Jr. in a comic role, which is a fine use of his incredible talents.
Alas, Due Date takes a simple premise and goes nowhere with it as the two lead characters travel thousands of miles on a journey of self-discovery.
Random goofiness only begets more tired jokes.
Todd Phillips needs to get off the road.
Zach Galifianakis is so funny in "Due Date," even the way he wears his shoes (Capezios) is a scream.
Downey and Galifianakis make for a truly marvelous collision of opposites, and their interplay is what elevates 'Due Date' above its often puzzlingly flat material.
As in the most useless sitcoms, the laffs depend entirely on someone behaving as ridiculously as possible, in uninteresting ways devised by the dullest minds.
The hype makes you think Due Date was going to be as funny as combining Ghostbusters, Caddyshack, Old School and The Hangover all into one movie. Instead, the result are just "eh".
Perfectly OK.
I doubt that Due Date will catch on quite as overwhelmingly as Phillips' The Hangover did, mainly because this one doesn't feel as fresh. This one simply dissipates like ashes over the Grand Canyon.
The actors could have coasted on the odd-couple script, but they both dig deep into their characters.
Under the nuanced direction of John Hughes, Candy made annoying seem hilarious and his broad girth endearing. As amped up by director Todd Phillips, Galifianakis makes annoying seem annoying.
Phillips seems to have forgotten that bawdy comedy is only deemed "edgy" if it's funny. When the seedy jokes fall flat, the result is crass.
With its premise so easily established, Due Date is able to be modestly raucous as well as character-driven, which is how it goes astray since it tries to evoke complex moods and feelings that are beyond its ken.
Solidifies Zach Galifianakis' status as a certified star and proves Robert Downey Jr. is an iron man when it comes to delivering scorching insults or "I love you, dude" declarations.
With "Due Date," director Todd Phillips perfects the particular brand of comic alchemy that made his 2009 comedy "The Hangover" such an unexpectedly huge hit.
Rowdy, raunchy road trip that probably delivers the laughs you expect until 'Hangover 2' debuts next year.
Wouldn't be nearly the knee-slapper it is without Robert Downey Jr. and Hangover revelation Galifianakis holding down the lead roles.
...a distasteful film...With one absurdly contrived scene after another, one eventually just rolls his eyes and hopes for a quick ending.
Between Galifianakis' unlikeable travel companion and the film's preposterous series of events, the laughs never really register.
While distinctly less raunchy (and correspondingly less outrageous) than The Hangover, Due Date still manages to deliver (pun intended).
The scale is tipped pretty heavily on the side of insanity with the dynamic between Peter and Ethan.
The laughs are sporadic at best, and downright scarce in the second half, as the film trudges from one mishap to the next.
Is Due Date the new Hangover? It is not. But it has its own rewards.
Phillips has once again delivered an enjoyable, if ever so slightly forgettable, romp.
A premature baby that's easy to watch but needed more development.
Due Date is not so much a road movie as a cultural car-crash.
...succeeds more as a character than plot driven comedy and Downey Jr. shines in it.
There are some nice moments, but the comedy mostly doesn't come off and there is no double-act chemistry between Downey and Galifianakis.
A cross between "The Hangover" and "Planes, Trains & Automobiles," "Due Date" is a refreshingly mean, mismatched-buddy comedy featuring Robert Downey, Jr. and Zach Galifianakis.
It is such a thoroughly unpleasant journey that it forced me to reconsider my previously firm conviction that I would happily watch Robert Downey, Jr. in anything.
The basic problem is the script, which is credited to three writers plus the director -- seldom a good sign. Never mind that it's a retread of "Planes, Trains & Automobiles" minus the trains, and minus John Candy.
It has laughs. Take any scene at random, and it will probably have something mildly funny in it. But the comedy never really takes off because it's phony.
"Due Date" is pregnant with possibility; it's the delivery that disappoints.
This feels like minor Phillips to me -- something in the neighborhood of 2006's "School for Scoundrels," quality-wise, though with a much grimmer heart.
For all its supposed comedy, there's very little joy in Due Date.
Due Date is a modern change-up on the old screwball comedy formula.
Watching Downey's vein-popping discomfiture in the company of Galifianakis is the best and possibly only reason for seeing the film.
Those hoping for another "Hangover" may be disappointed by Todd Phillips' punch-drunk followup, which is basically "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" for the road-rage generation.
It's Downey's signature sarcasm and distinctive slow burn that make the movie. Galifianakis, in a perm that makes for comic gold, plays an expanded version of his Hangover character.
This is a disappointing turn coming from Phillips, particularly since "The Hangover" was such a fresh, bracing brew of black comic fun.
For a road movie, "Due Date" generates hardly any momentum.
Whereas Planes, Trains and Automobiles stands tall as one of the great comedies of the past quarter-century, Due Date comes off as a pale, uninspired rendition that will be all but forgotten in a few years' time.
Directed by Todd Phillips ("The Hangover"), this movie has the same absurdist feel and dark humor, but not the comedic snap.
"Due Date" is ultimately a long road trip to a predictable ending. Somebody wake up the real Downey and tell him we miss him.
There is something comically symmetrical about Downey as an expectant dad rehearsing fatherhood with the overgrown boy and Galifianakis as the fatherless son who adopts Downey as his surrogate dad.
Ultimately it's a collection of gags that don't add up to much.
Mr. Galifianakis is good enough to make you almost forget the movie.
I didn't believe this movie. Which is not the same as saying I didn't like it -- although, there is that.
Due Date is, for all intents and purposes, a Planes, Trains and Automobiles for the post-Jackass age.
Just enough laughs to merit a recommendation.
Phillips shows tremendous ability in the film's first hour, but he still needs to shed off more of the clichés and gross-out stunts
You can look at Due Date as a foulmouthed Planes, Trains and Automobiles, or as The Hangover 1.5, something to tide you over until 2.0 arrives.
Directing with more focus -- and eventually, more heart -- than he brought to The Hangover, Todd Phillips smartly lets his leads' chemistry power the movie.
Very inconsistent, but when it's funny, it's DAMN funny.
None of what they're doing ever actually means anything.
This odd-couple comedy reunites Galifianakis with Todd Phillips, who directed The Hangover, but don't expect anything like the other movie's novel plotting or wild slapstick.
In its best moments, the film's duo of Galifianakis and Downey Jr. remind us of a bickering Laurel & Hardy digging themselves out of another fine mess. And we're happy to be along for the ride.
The best advice is just to watch 'Planes, Trains & Automobiles' again and keep this stink-bomb off your itinerary.
There are some surprisingly poignant moments amid the high jinks.
The need to write hilarious scenes is ignored in favor of hasty, obvious decisions like, 'OK, now they could get in a car accident,' or 'Hey, what if they got really high?'
This film purports to be a comedy and yet doesn't contain a single genuine laugh. Although there are a few very cheap ones.
Poorly conceived and occasionally questionable comedy that fails to deliver a single decent laugh, despite strong performances from the two leads and colourful supporting turns from the likes of Danny McBride.
Due Date is a sparkling spin around the old block, boasting ace leads, eye-snagging cameos, spit-your-popcorn laughs and a more marked tenderness than Phillips' all-conquering mega-hit, The Hangover.
The actors are fine: It's their long, arduous trek that lets the movie down.
The movie probably contains enough laughs to satisfy the weekend audience. Where it falls short is in the characters and relationships.
At this moment in their careers, Phillips, Downey and Galifianakis can probably make anything they want. Why settle for something so half-assed?
The material may not be as inspired as The Hangover, director Todd Phillips' last outing, but it never bores and keeps the laughs in the theater so loud you'll miss enough few follow-up jokes to want to see the movie again.
Has a handful of laughs but is mostly repetitive and lazy, with neither Galifianakis nor co-star Robert Downey Jr. at anywhere near their comedic best.
Too bad that Phillips and his team of screenwriters don't take full advantage of the stars' unique chemistry.
While Due Date hits more than it misses, its familiarity and disjointedness prevent it from being the gem it might have been.
There are some amusing moments but the film is not funny enough to sustain interest.
Disappointing follow-up to Todd Phillips' blockbuster comedy The Hangover is an often unpleasant road trip with Robert Downey, Jr. and Zach Galifianakis.
I strongly endorse watching bits of Due Date when you stumble upon it on Starz.
A funny road movie that brings together an angry architect and a laid-back aspiring actor on a cross-country journey.
Once again the filmmaker blows his momentum on woeful miscasting and a script that mistakes rampant mean-spiritedness for a bong-sucking good time.
Due Date should be a disaster, derivative of every road-trip movie you've ever seen. What prevents that are the efforts of the two stars.
Due Date steals so often and so shamelessly from Planes, Trains and Automobiles that, despite an abundance of genuinely funny moments, we're happy when the ride ends.
The movie never reaches the highs (or lows) of The Hangover, or even its most obvious crib sheet, Planes, Trains and Automobiles.
The unexpected pairing of Galifianakis and Downey is a pleasure -- they're an unlikely duo so off in their chemistry as to be bizarrely on.
It takes a sitcom approach to male class differences and flatters the juvenile behavior that's become the favorite, indulged subject of comedians and TV writers.
The odyssey of Downey and Galifianakis is composed of far too many sharp edges and far too little warmth.
Another Hangover was too much to hope for, especially as this was scripted by committee. It's a bit funny but also quite a bit nasty.
On the rebound from the mammoth box office success of "The Hangover," director Todd Phillips ("Old School") has sharpened his comic sensibilities to detonate laughs even where none seem possible.
There are some decent laughs scattered throughout Due Date, but Phillips can't find a way to make his two leads likeable: they remain obnoxious and ill suited right to the schmaltzy finale.
Galifianakis was one of the stars of Hangover and here he's reunited with its director, Todd Phillips. Due Date is a comparative misfire, with its workmanlike predictability taking the sheen off the comic timing of its stars.
While not up there with The Hangover, this delivers a respectable rate of gags-per-minute, largely thanks to the comic timing of the two leads and some occasionally inspired dialogue.
It ain't old-school Todd Phillips, but it *is* Todd Phillips.
May be the year's least amusing comedy.
Phillips can still launch a dog-masturbation joke into the stratosphere, but the welcome surprise here is tenderness.
It's got some individual laughs here and there but lacks sufficient story or character development to hold the whole endeavor together.
Due Date is fast, lazy, and out of control in a manner that's basically commendable.
Due Date may not be nearly as clever as The Hangover, but it's a fairly satisfying film on its own merits, a fun experience that's more than just an endless stream of jokes.
Due Date follows all of the classic story twists you'd associate with the sub-genre; they get arrested, they get drunk, they get high, and they destroy their car, but never are these shocking moments ever actually surprising.
A road trip romance with spitting.
Downey and Galifianakis work it hard - but there's just not much for them to work with...a script that runs out of laughs before they're halfway across the country.
With more than a nod to the great comedy "Planes Trains and Automobiles", this odd-couple road picture still delivers a wacko good time.
There are some dark laughs, but the film doesn't commit to being dark, like the film doesn't mean it, and it always pulls back.
Todd Phillips' follow-up to the most successful R-rated comedy of all time serves up its share of laughs while not actually providing a terribly enjoyable time because of a queasy undercurrent that never goes away.
So infuriating is Ethan that Due Date very nearly loses us, too, at the outset, but over time, the bearded boor manages to win everyone over, audience included.

@highlight

Shamelessly derivative and only sporadically funny, Due Date doesn't live up to the possibilities suggested by its talented director and marvelously mismatched stars.