It's an interesting premise, but then when you watch the execution, it's awkward. Not a lot of laughs.
In a year in which studio comedies failed on so many levels, The House was surprisingly okay and there's nothing wrong with that.
Cohen just can't seem to make the tonal shifts work, and the film falls prey to some cringe-inducing scenes in its second half.
...what happens when improvisation runs out of steam.
Also, for as energetic and outlandish as Will Ferrell is, it's Jason Mantzoukas that winds up stealing the whole movie, matching and surpassing his co-star in every way. The house does indeed always win, even if the rewards here are slim at best
Despite a worthy cast and a fun premise, this comedy feels like a missed opportunity.
Even movies like Requiem for a Dream and Midnight Express contain more laughs than The House.
The setup of The House is so bleak that its humor by necessity must be scathing in response. But The House doesn't want to be scathing, it wants Ferrell to do his man-baby thing while Poehler struts around with a butane kitchen torch.
A scattershot mess that's unsatisfying, despite showing signs of real potential.
Unfortunately, this collaboration is not one of their best.
Despite two talented leads, The House suffers from a script that doesn't utilize their talents, ultimately becoming forgettable as a result.
Unlike the way things work in a typical casino, in this case, The House loses.
The most insulting comedies are the ones that feel like glorified cast retreats.
...with the movie ultimately standing as the latest in an increasingly long line of misbegotten Ferrell comedies.
I laughed a few times. But the up-close moments, the Ferrell and Poehler non-repartee and barely physical comedy, are embarrassing.
Ferrell remains in the love-him-or-hate-him bracket but forms a sturdy double act beside the excellent Poehler.
The House isn't built on the strongest foundation but, for most of its 88 minutes, its terrific cast helps gloss over some of the glaring fissures.
A dismayingly lightweight experience.
Atrociously tedious - What a terrible waste of time and talent!
Never earns more than the occasional laugh, mostly just moments, rarely an entire scene. If I didn't love these people, it would barely be tolerable.
Unforunately, the relatable dynamics of struggling middle American families soon become lost amid absurd set-pieces.
This is a more complex construction than some of Ferrell's recent comedies - it is bleak about the pliability of local communities, complete with corrupt officialdom - but it lacks a motivating back and forth between Ferrell and Poehler.
Rivals "Get Hard" as the worst thing Will Ferrell has ever said "yes" to.
Great cast wasted in tepid, weirdly violent comedy.
The House is a dark enterprise, and often unsettling, which is not what you usually want from a Will Ferrell flick.
The movie takes an idea with a slender thread of promise and does absolutely nothing with it, dissolving instead into unrelieved stupidity.
The House is one of the worst, unfunniest movies of the year.
Will Ferrell will turn 50 in a week or so. How sad for him-and his fans-that Cohen's birthday gift is the biggest flop of the comedy legend's career.
Instead of catching fire, The House just sits there collecting dust and mold.
The House is a solid, if unremarkable, big studio comedy with fleeting moments of humor peppered throughout its runtime.
The combination of Ferrell and Poehler elevates the whole film above its creaky moments and paper-thin plot.
No one wins big in this decidedly unfunny comedy.
The hint of a seed of a bitter satire is buried under inept, momentum-free comedy. They should have developed the script's rough first draft instead of shooting it.
The House would have been quite a good mean-as-hell comedy if they had a third act that worked. That is where the movie really stalls.
Not even the Ferrell/Poehler combo can save this lazy, unmemorable comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
This Ferrell and Poehler-powered comedy blockbuster has big laughs, an enjoyably grisly streak, and a film-stealing turn from Jason Mantzoukas.
A raggedly written story with a creaky plot that no amount of WD-40 can remedy.
Walking out of the theater you can't help but think, "Why wasn't that better?"
Running less than 90 minutes, "The House" is excruciatingly flat and goes on forever. There are many funny people in this film. By the time it's over, you may forget that they ever made you smile.
All the best gags are assembled (by more skillful editors) in the trailers and seem to fall relatively flat in their proper context.
A dark, startlingly bloody journey into the bitter, empty, broken heart of the American middle class, a blend of farce and satire built on a foundation of social despair.
Cohen and his team never figure out a way to address the paradox implicit in their title. Scott and Kate are battlers against the system, yet at the same time they are the system, directly profiting at the expense of their friends and neighbours.
It's all meant to be wild and crazy, but somehow it seems simultaneously nasty and dull.
The House isn't a classic, but it is enjoyable.
Instead of writing actual characters, they've hired a gaggle of beloved comedians to do bits based on stereotype and persona, and have concocted a cockamamie suburban crime story that manages to be both bizarre and incredibly thin.
There's more character development (and more believable plot turns) in a typical "Saturday Night Live" sketch.
While there's nothing directly humorous about the struggle to pay for college, The House does what good comedy does: It uses humor as a coping mechanism.
The pace is hectic, but the jokes just aren't there.
Broad comedies are always something of a roll of the dice. And while The House isn't an absolute disaster, it's undeniable that this is one that's crapped out.
All these performers are given decent setups, but the script loses interest in anything that starts to look like a comedic through line.
You both feel bad for the actors and wonder how it is that they never banded together to mutiny on set and demand a better script - unless, like their characters, they simply laughed all the way to the bank.
We've laughed at Will Ferrell and Amy Poehler in lots of movies, but audiences will barely chuckle at their latest film, The House, a hot mess of lame jokes and weak writing.
It's as smart as it is stupid, it's very entertaining, it delivers on what you'd expect it to and holds a few neat surprises. In a summer that has so far mostly failed to deliver when it comes to comedy, this is a big step in the right direction.
The rare raunchy comedy that actually could have stood to be a little longer-and not just by padding the running time with outtakes.
An outstanding candidate for the worst film of the year.
... a thin and uninspired suburban satire that's more obnoxious than amusing.
Clocking in at under 90 minutes, The House feels like the result of terminal creative panic.
A career-worst for all involved.
Nonsensical characterizations abound throughout The House without ever dipping into unbridled absurdity.
Betting the house on a narrative flush with crude antics was always going to be a risky gamble. And, despite the best efforts of enthusiastic stars Amy Poehler and Will Ferrell, it doesn't come close to paying off.
Both performers seem totally disengaged, zombie-ing through their parts as though they'd rather be somewhere, anywhere else (and fair enough).
This is the reason why people rave about the golden age of television.
A complete loser, so excruciatingly bad that it makes you cringe while watching it.
Within the first five minutes of "The House," the movie makes light of date rape, and it's all downhill from there.
The film arguably gets to its midpoint before eliciting a single laugh.
"The House," like too many Hollywood comedies of outrage, turns the extreme into the innocuous.
The exuberant comic talents of Will Ferrell and Amy Poehler are largely wasted in this uninspired addition to the frat movie canon, which resembles reheated leftovers of the Hangover, albeit with a curious detour into some heavy bloodletting.
Craps out quickly.
A shimmering summer beacon of fun and frolics that will tickle the funny bone and then some.
The House is essentially a one-joke premise, stretched well past its breaking point and leaving a lot of funny people looking embarrassed and regretful.
You get flashes of the clever comedy this might have been - a funny line here, an amusing bit of business there, the occasional whiff of relevance - but it too often lumbers along, coasting on the backs of some very talented performers.
It's not without its charms... But, in the end, there's not enough bring-the-house-down moments to warrant gambling 90 minutes of your time by seeing this.
Nothing truly classic happening here in The House, but in a year that has been deathly for worthwhile comedies, this is an easy kill for a dependable number of laughs.
It's like watching a series of funny viral videos, the kind people send one another on WhatsApp. Ask yourself: Would you like it as much if the clip was more than an hour long?

@highlight

The House squanders a decent premise and a talented cast on thin characterizations and a shortage of comic momentum.