Pierre Salvadori's deceptively sunny romantic comedy insinuates its point of view steadily, amidst great glamour and breeziness, only to reveal itself as a meditation on, dare we say it, capitalism.
Priceless is as shallow as its characters.
There's no froth like French froth. And few French-froth-purveyors are as adept as Pierre Salvadori.
[A] gruesomely unfunny and tacky comedy-farce.
A supremely satisfying confection -- a French romantic comedy of the sort that ends with you standing outside the theatre with a dopey grin on your face.
Hugely enjoyable, utterly charming French romcom with a terrific script and fantastic performances from its two leads.
The outcome is as predictable as a high summer electric bill, but chemistry and charm go a long way.
A sly, slick comment on the anxieties of sex and status, not to mention the true perils of the service industry.
... slight and sweet as a meringue
[Tautou] makes this sometimes creaky, comic creation work better than it should.
A breath of champagne on a warm summer night.
The comedy, which verges on farce from time to time, also has the smilingly cynical approach to romance that we identify with the French.
After being drained of all personality for her role in The Da Vinci Code, Tautou regains her Amelie effervescence.
It has the feel of a classic French farce, and it's as cute and upbeat as a comedy set on the French Riviera ought to be.
This wispy romantic comedy offers droll and charming proof of love conquering materialism.
Worth seeing only for the mysterious adhesion process of Tautou's dresses and for Gilles Henry's glossy cinematography, which treats the luxurious Monte Carlo and Nice locations the way a tongue treats a lollipop.
They're awful cute together, even if they're awful people.
There's not much substance to "Priceless," but what is there is effortlessly crafted and entertaining, and the locales in Nice and Monte Carlo are just spectacular.
Priceless ends on a sweet, sentimental note. Yes, it's unrealistic. But, hey, that's why we go to the movies.
Fresh from her stint as a spiritual sleuth of sorts in Ron Howard's The Da Vinci Code, petite and perky actress Audrey Tautou turns up in a different sort of investigative mode, in this tangy French confection.
A pleasant little piece of puffy French pastry reminiscent of many other pleasant little pieces of puffy French pastry.
Sometimes a trifling comedy can seem infinitely better when it comes packaged in a foreign language, especially French. Pierre Salvadori's Priceless, though, seems like the sort of thing that would be amusing in any tongue.
Priceless is a Hollywood remake waiting to happen. It's almost guaranteed.
Bittersweet comedy's perfectly chosen multigenerational cast ably demonstrates that if money can't buy love, it sure can purchase lots of obsequious service from four-star hotel staffers and costly goodies from laughably pricey boutiques.
It might remind you of those early-'60s capers that starred a different Audrey -- Hepburn.
Pierre Salvadori's delightful comedy, picturesquely set in a series of posh hotels on the French Riviera, throws together two terrific comic actors and an irresistible premise.
The outcome is never much in doubt, but Salvadori artfully choreographs the endless table turning, and the Moroccan-born Elmaleh capitalizes on his striking resemblance to Buster Keaton with a similarly comic composure.
It's Tautou's showcase and if her endlessly calculating Irene displays little of the childlike innocence Hepburn gave the role, she brings her own magic to the table. Every move she makes is endearing and she's never looked more stylishly beautiful.
The appealing actors make up for the fact that they're portraying prostitutes. They are putting their bodies up for sale, but saving their hearts for true love. After all, that's the only thing that's priceless.
Tautou is simply the most delightful, delectable imp to grace the silver screen in years.
It's worth your time, if only to enjoy the many delights of Tautou, whose screen presence is irrefutable.
Priceless is a bauble -- an art-house diamond made of paste that somehow still gives you good glimmer for the money.
"Priceless" is a film that appears to have been made to answer the question "How far can a movie get along with nothing going for it but the irrepressible charm of Audrey Tautou?" The answer, it turns out, is "pretty far."
The thing about a certain grade of contemporary French comedy, of which Priceless is a fine example, is the quality of the playing style. Nobody forces the situations, even the broadest ones.
The scene in which Elmaleh's Jean is caught waiting tables is alone enough to make the script's eventual romantic-comedy pitfalls forgivable.
Stop laughing long enough, and you'll see that it's a picture about compromised lives and love for sale. But no one who watches Priceless will stop laughing for that long.
...one of the more unusual love stories you will see...a priceless gem, a certainty to be on my list of most enjoyable films of 2008.
Priceless smartly updates the selfish pluck that powered Breakfast at Tiffany's more than four decades ago.
Sexy and funny and politically incorrect.
... an uneasy blend of traditional romantic comedy (in the manner of Midnight and The Palm Beach Story) and a harder-edged contemporary milieu.
The film has a lot more grace than you'd expect; it's not frantic, but actually rather breezy.
The routines may have been done a thousand times, but somehow they seem funny all over again.
Looks like a million dollars, but in reality is just chump change.
This broadly amoral take on Breakfast at Tiffany's suffers from a serious case of who-should-we-care-for: He's a sap, she's a soulless vamp, their patrons are either cruel, self-deluding or both.
A hilarious, class-conscious French farce which features more coupling and uncoupling than you might be able to keep track of.
Light on its feet, frequently hilarious, and wonderfully entertaining.
The lovely Audrey Tautou and sad-eyed Gad Elmaleh are perfectly cast as a gold-digger and the poor sap who loves her, but the real star of Pierre Salvadori's larky, Lubitsch-esque farce is France's impossibly chic Cote d'Azure.
Under director-writer Pierre Salvadori, Priceless provides lightweight, predictable entertainment that will make you yearn for the Tautou of yesteryear.
The perfect frothy fantasy for the obscene wealth gap era, Priceless (Hors de Prix) stars a gorgeous, cellophane-thin Audrey Tautou as Irène, a dedicated gold digger who finds herself accidentally mixed up with a penniless bartender.
As we watch Irene and Jean prostitute themselves with their weathered, moneyed marks, the vibe isn't playful or mischievous but tedious and vulgar. The accommodations might be four-star, but the movie is strictly Motel 6.
Love conquers lucre in the cosmopolitan fairytale Priceless, a Kir Royale of a romantic comedy pairing Audrey Tautou and Gad Elmaleh on the French Riviera.
Tawdry? Not for a minute. Credit a subtle and souffle-light script.
Forget reality shows exalting American gluttony and savor the more refined amenities on the coasts of southern France in the cynical Gallic comedy Priceless.
A romantic comedy with a sting, Priceless is winsome on its own terms.
It's not high art, but Pierre Salvadori's sunny romantic comedy Priceless is certainly funny.
A romantic comedy that takes risks Hollywood wouldn't dream of.
Tautou positively sparkles as a crafty master of the French Riviera sexual-favors-for-financial-rewards shell game.
[Actor Gad] Elmaleh is the soul of Priceless, and watching his comedic chops is the highlight of this snappy, joyous ride.
Priceless begins as standard, unconvincing, assembly-line French farce and ends as a cop-out, feel-good rom-com. In between, it develops into something considerably more interesting.
A bit silly and predictable at times, but if you've been a long time fan of Tautou, you'll definitely want to see this.
A charming French romantic comedy that salutes love as the only thing that can truly turn your world around.
Priceless, Pierre Salvadori's re-imagining (read: vulgarization) of Breakfast at Tiffany's, wears its contempt on its sleeve.
Pierre Salvadori's Priceless has been heralded as a French box office hit, which suggests that the French have become as corrupt and materialistic as some commentators insist that we are.
A light, bright comedy of manners, Gallic style.
Clever if calculated, sentimental and silly, a sweet, unpretentious romance...in a phrase, old-fashioned.
Most of the problem is the absence of any perceptible chemistry between superstar Tautou and rising star Elmaleh.








@highlight

Priceless is a light, farcical rom-com that features sharp performances from Audrey Tautou and Gad Elmaleh.