Though it's certainly admirable to aim high, it's like Frank Lucas himself says: "Either you're somebody, or you ain't nobody." Unfortunately for American Gangster, it ends up somewhere between the two.
It's 157 minutes long, but immerses its audience with its twists and intricacies as it plays out and considers the logistics and consequences of crime and police corruption, with a plethora of show-stealing performances from the cast.
American Gangster is an epic, true crime drama, that although not entirely original in its premise is excellent in its execution.
Flattened by Scott's cardboard evocation of New York in the '70s, Zaillian's shallow criticism of corrupting power, and weirdly bloodless performances
File this one under "American Oscar Wanna-Be."
When American Gangster was announced, with actors Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe and directed by Ridley Scott, it seemed like a can't miss project. It missed.
Ridley Scott's gangster flick aims high and mostly measures up.
Washington may have not wanted to glorify the Harlem drug dealer, but with his superb acting skills he has created one of the coolest gangsters since Tony Montana.
Telling a true story doesn't excuse a filmmaker from making his movie stand out from the many others that have traversed similar ground.
It feels familiar, even Washington's performance of real-life Frank Lucas feels like something we've seen before.
It isn't that American Gangster is an empirically bad film or is even unenjoyable. But don't be surprised if, when you walk out of the theater, you forget the film ever existed.
Inflated talk of American Gangster as a modern masterpiece--or even an Oscar-worthy picture--ignores the fact that there's not a single memorable setpiece in the film.
Best of all, there are top-flight performances from both Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe who create interesting, rounded characters out of potential clichés.
Scott's not interested in fireworks but small implosions of the soul and ego.
Um filme envolvente que representa mais um alto na carreira repleta de baixos do instável Ridley Scott.
Un policial de ritmo tenso y constante, que contrasta a dos personalidades bastante similares a ambos lados de la ley, mientras se deslizan críticas hacia la corrupción política, policial y militar que permite la existencia del narcotráfico.
American Gangster delivers fine drama, gripping performances and a dizzy morality tale. But it should have been oh, so much better.
This initially hokey 70's-TV-style production determinedly matures into a motion picture with cinematic impact. Happily, climax/resolution detour from others in the genre.
Ridley Scott forgets that editing is an art form as well
anabionei maestrika to gkangksteriko drama palaias kopis, aporriptontas tis spasmodikes eksarseis bias ki ekrikseon, alla horis na krybei ta akonismena dontia poy deihnei sto dolofoniko tis ksekinima, poy ksekatharizei akribos ti eidoys gangster einai o A
Washington towers above everything in this impressive, tough and long crime drama, convincingly putting his stamp on the elegant man whose callousness alternates with chivalry
With all of the bulk, but none of the substance, of your average epic production, American Gangster lumbers across the screen with such obviousness that it is almost shocking.
One of the most intelligent gangster movies in years.
Familiar territory, movingly if not memorably explored.
When the two get together, the fireworks fly and you realize you are seeing two of the best, EVER, at the top of their game.
To Ridley Scott, Frank Lucas is less Superfly and more David Glass.
I'm a fan of well-done gangster movies and this one is well-done, just not well-done enough.
American Gangster is an interesting movie, but it never reaches the moment when it rises above the cop vs. crook genre to instant classic status.
Thanks to the dynamic stars, "American Gangster" won't get a bad rap and will join the ranks of crime classics like "Scarface" and "Serpico".
For all its familiar trappings, director Ridley Scott and writer Steven Zaillian invest their tale with plenty of verve, even if they frequently soft-pedal the deeds of their real-life protagonist.
an intriguing crime saga that is long on atmosphere and short on momentum
It's a rare instance of a movie gangster, though wrapped in the unavoidable cloak of big-screen glamour, being held to account for the retail-level destruction caused by his criminal operation.
Let me say it again, this is the kind of movie that Oscar voters love.
An intricately woven account of drug trafficking and police corruption in Harlem in the early 1970s.
Ridley Scott's American Gangster offers both belated history-lesson and demented hero-worship, and seems to be intended as a kind of gift to black America. One hopes that black America will have nothing to do with it.
Two and a half hours without a wasted frame.
Scott is something of a romantic at heart. His film is nowhere near as jaded or as hard-bitten as the '70s films such as The French Connection or Serpico that it hopes to echo.
Here's a startlingly original true-life story told in an oddly unoriginal way. And that attempt at instant classic status in the title doesn't quite convince. It's got no more dark grandeur than American Idol.
Pet peeves aside though, both Denzel and Crowe delivered.
Sharp, observant and true to the period, the film-making is, on the whole, less determined to show its virtuosity than in Scott's other work.
Length does not add substance to the drama, even where reality adds weight to the argument.
A film that deserves attention, if not your full respect.
A cocksure upstart that has swaggered onto the scene, confident that it can take its place at the table with the big boys.
American Gangster tells a fascinating story with impeccable production design and two powerhouse performances, but Ridley Scott is no Scorsese and the film never really comes together.
a pulpy mash-up of Serpico and Black Caesar -- and there ainâ(TM)t nothing wrong with that.
An entertaining romp through familiar cop-and-crim cat-and-mousery, bolstered by strong star turns from Washington and Crowe. Still, it has neither the intelligence nor the grip to jump from the merely good to the truly great.
Scott's best film since Gladiator is a classy cops 'n robbers thriller where the latter outclasses the former. Crowe tries to redress the imbalance with a committed performance, but you can tell he knows it's Washington's movie.
Like much of his oeuvre, Scott's scaled-up movie is bigger than life - and lesser for it. But while never digging deeply or darkly enough to match its own grand vision of itself, slick technique drives the story forward with pace and style.
As corny as Frank and Richie's relationship may appear, it returns again to the movie's central problem: it loves Frank and has to hate him.
Almost makes up for GI Jane.
The life an actual drug lord is the basis of "American Gangster," which is an adults-only character study of two vastly different men.
As a showcase for Washington and Crowe, American Gangster does not disappoint.
This gripping tale has you wanting to know more about Mr. Lucas and his path to fame. I found myself Googling him, and you will too!
American Gangster's equal opportunity bone crunching pits real life black druglord kingpin Lucas (a grinning, scary Denzel) and Crowe's womanizing, eager beaver Jewish NYPD crime buster in an ethnically diverse, cat and mouse go at it.
Scott's film is a slow boil crime drama that serves as an indictment on American capitalism...
Like Lucas, American Gangster isn't perfect, but it finds what it needs to do, not only to succeed, but thrive.
American Gangster lives up, if not exceeds, the hype on all fronts.
It marks a return to the lost art of true storytelling, every bit as epic as 'The Godfather' and just as fascinating to see.
Even a stale old tune can sound great if it's covered properly...
Things are only as bad as they ever were and there's no life preserver left that's not taking on a dangerous amount of water.
American Gangster is a great title: clean, slick, commercial, a perfect fit for the product.
Russell is, indeed, a cop. And, miraculously, he works for the same police sergeant that Monk works for two thousand miles and 37 years away! How can that be?!
A gritty 1970s thriller made for today, re-creating the past to find lessons for the present.
I think it's something inherently lacking in American Gangster that keeps me from admiring it as much as those behind the film would like me to.
Ridley Scott carefully controls the tone so that we almost feel like a fly on the wall of an era in crime.
There is more to enjoy than to admire in the filmcraft of AMERICAN GANGSTER. This is an entertaining compilation of retread touches from good gangster films.
How much truth we get in the movie version is hard to say...nobody much cares if it's gospel, as long as it's riveting. Here, alas, it is not.
It's almost completely satisfying.
A guaranteed shot of pure heart-pumping entertainment.
An unmistakably familiar story, but something about its execution here feels fresh anyway.
The acting is great by everyone. Veteran director Ridley Scott puts it all together in a polished package.
Brilliant acting by Crowe and Washington plus Scott's near flawless direction, make 'American Gangster' one of the best films of the year.
Too low-key to seize hold of the imagination, 'American Gangster' is divided against itself, stylistically and story-wise.
For all its grit, style and atmosphere, Gangster never sweeps you away. It has neither the lurid bravado of De Palma's "Scarface" nor the intimate grasp of the criminal lifestyle you find in Scorsese or Coppola.
Solidly performed and occasionally intriguing, but it's yet another strangely hollow offering from Ridley Scott.
An irresistibly seductive celebration of a monster which will undoubtedly deliver the wrong message to many an impressionable young mind.
A muscular treat for lovers of all cinema crafts, but compromised by the length and the derivative factor.
Suffering from a weak first act, the film really hits full steam in one eclipsed moment when Frank gets out of prison.
Frank Lucas is angry. You won't like him when he's angry.
Impeccable production design and searing performances. But the tale unfolds in a superficial way that makes it impossible to care about what might happen.
It likely won't receive all the Oscar hoopla that many are expecting, [but] American Gangster is one of the first films of the year to actually deserve the recognition.
Between its formidable acting duo and story in need of retelling, there's plenty here to intrigue.
Long but never boring, it's an expertly crafted slice of mainstream entertainment telling two concurrent stories.
Do we need yet another film about drug dealers? No, especially not one that takes 157 minutes to get where it's going.
Directed with dazzling energy by Ridley Scott.
Finally, after 12 years, a filmmaker was finally able to recapture the magic of Virtuosity.
American Gangster is as impersonal and clinical as a police report. It lacks fire, passion and the operatic bravura you would expect from the clash of these ... acting titans.
It all seemed like the usual big-budgeted and star-packed middlebrow liberal Hollywood gangster film veering between being serious and nonsensical.
Strictly paint-by-numbers filmmaking any way you slice it, and not even the individually riveting performances from Washington and Crowe can save it.
If nothing else, American Gangster exposes Brian De Palma's Scarface -- the most popular drug saga among gangster wannabes -- as the crude cartoon that it is.
With American Gangster Scott delivers a solid, riveting, no-frills portrait of a cop and the mobster he's trying to catch.
Washington's steely grip on his impersonation of Frank Lucas holds the film together.
Its vivid sense of place and time make it compulsively watchable, even at a running time of two and a half hours.
Ridley Scott's listless Big Statement is a wheezy, hot air-inflated dud.
An intelligent, well-made and seductive movie.
Scott guided Crowe to an Oscar in Gladiator, and once more he brings out the actor's vulnerable side.
In its title character, the movie has created a murdering, dope-slinging millionaire from the streets that even Denzel Washington has managed to make boring.
American Gangster is an enjoyable double character study, and the movie's length ultimately becomes an advantage.
American Gangster is 2 1/2 hours of pleasure with a guilty aftertaste.
As with an earlier star who fed off career criminals, Humphrey Bogart, there is always something a bit smarmy about Washington, even in his heroic mode; the nastier his character grows, the looser his acting becomes.
Their ambition is out there. But for all the sprawl, American Gangster feels secondhand. It's like Scarface drained of blood, at arm's length from the culture that spawned it.
This is Washington's movie as much as it is Lucas' story, and he is as entertainingly evil here as in his Oscar-winning performance as a bad cop in Training Day.
What American Gangster does have -- what makes it such a commanding, exhilarating movie -- is a consummate love and understanding of story.
It takes nerve to call a film American Gangster -- But once you see this finely made and richly satisfying film, you understand it's the only title possible.
It's never less than seat-edge suspenseful.
Unlike the Godfather saga, what you see here is all you get.
One of this year's most accomplished entertainments.
It's a much better film than nine-tenths of what's out there on any given Friday, and if you're a fan of steak-and-potatoes crime drama, I highly recommend it.
The beautiful/violent American Gangster has plenty of talent behind the camera, in director Ridley Scott, but the film's key player is Denzel Washington.
Every bit as generic as its title, American Gangster is a Frankenstein creature of a film, put together from the parts of other famous gangster flicks yet lacking in both the fury and wild-eyed vision the best of the genre have to offer.
You can safely watch it without feeling guilty, or indicted.
For talent, Scott couldn't start much purer. Washington and Crowe are consummate craftsmen who burrow deep into their characters.
Ridley Scott packs the film with period detail and vivid, violent energy reminiscent of high-grade Scorsese, then mixes in a Lumet-like, keenly observed outrage at systemic corruption.
Crowe and Washington uphold their usual high standards while bringing a fascinating story to life, and American Gangster never bores.
This is an engrossing story, told smoothly and well, and Russell Crowe's contribution is enormous.
Great cast...
The meal's perfectly edible but falls short of delicious.
The entire movie is caught between being a work of seriousness and a work of absurdity.
American Gangster has the virtue of being very good, certainly one of this year's best...
Misplaced hero-worship and glibness get in the way of its amazing true story.
American Gangster dares to look in the menacing mirror and reflect the scabrous priorities that define some handsomely yet disillusion others hauntingly.
If a movie is going to be this long, it needs to really capture your attention and hold on... that isn't a problem here.
Heat, Part II
Ridley Scott may have just finally won himself an Oscar.
The movie truly is about an "American Gangster;" it's a business movie about unbridled capitalism that's been dressed up as the highbrow answer to Superfly.
Once we ignore that nagging sense that American Gangster is sidestepping the best parts of the story...the movie has plenty of pleasures.
May be the first underworld epic in which a drug kingpin lectures a subordinate about the significance of 'brand names' and 'trademark infringement' in the heroin trade...
Ridley Scott leverages the unique qualities of the story, its nuances of reality, and stellar acting into a well-crafted and gritty drama that hits all the right strides.
You'll admire American Gangster, but it never gets under your skin or sticks in your memory. It's a good film that feels like it could have been great.
I expected that "Gangster" would pay homage to films like "The French Connection," "Superfly," "Serpico" and even "The Godfather." What I didn't expect was that the spirit of those films was deeply imbedded in its bones.
This is by far the best film of the year with stand out performances from Crowe and Washington. But it's not as epic as it wants to or should be.
The screen burns with talent.
American Gangster is an oddly one note movie made more or less grandiose by Ridley Scott's insatiable desire to overload the screen with superfluous details.
Scott's auteurial stamp lends the film a badly needed sense of distinction.
The two and a half hour running time speeds by without a hitch.
As an entertaining cops-and-crook procedural -- it's not half-bad, jacked up by strong performances, a couple of bravura action scenes and a generous attention to period detail.
Both he [Washington] and Ruby Dee, as his mother, give Oscar-caliber performances.
One of the best films of the year, showcasing two of the premier actors in the business doing what they do best.
Just because someone wants to tell you a story you've already heard doesn't mean that person won't tell it in a way that totally entertains you, even when it take two hours and 40 minutes to do that.
American Gangster is a return to form for Ridley Scott, an enjoyable, entertaining and accomplished piece of filmmaking, though not quite the iconic piece of work promised by the title.
Details concerning the institutionalised corruption in the New York police force and how the Vietnam War was used to smuggle heroin into the USA give it a little extra bite.
More like a whitewashed blaxploitation effort in the hopes of classing it up without the necessary respect paid to its origin; biography without context, but still an interesting and mostly entertaining one.
Its politics could have muddled and distracted, but instead the presence of a point of view staved off biopic boredom.
Scott presents the mob leader as a beaten-down minority who finally gets his due, but not without a serious look at the consequences.
A well-made and reasonably exciting work filled with juicy performances, exciting set-pieces and a slick visual style, but there is very little on display here that we haven't already seen before in one form or another.
Sure we've seen this sort of thing before. But every time we see it, we're entertained.
A finely weaved tapestry of absolute corruption and its effects on the key players and those unlucky souls caught in the crossfire.
...generally possesses the feel of a rough cut that's in dire need of trimming...
Where it fails is in its sense of scale. It's definitely not an epic. And it's not a great film. But it's a good one.
Denzel Washington has become the John Wayne of his generation: perfecting his one acting face of mild displeasure and sticking to his guns the rest of his career.
Despite reprehensibly painting the charming real Frank White as admirable when in fact he was a cold-blooded killer and drug pusher, this is a very entertaining film.
Denzel and Crowe sounds like a showdown for the ages, but it's just a solid film instead of being legendary, which is nothing to be ashamed of.
...a bloated crime tome that meanders far too much before it gets to its point. In addition, I did not care once I got there.
takes what should have been a mesmerizing slice of urban historical grit and grinds it into roughly two hours of standard issue cinema
The better it gets -- and the drama grows in power over its quasi-epic course of 157 minutes -- the more it brings to mind the truly great gangster films of American movie history.
The movie, based on a true story, takes surprising twists and turns right up to its chilling ending and is probably the best gangster crime drama of the year.
Greatness hovers just outside American Gangster, knocking, angling to be let in.
As a piece of storytelling -- built on the foundation of a great story -- it's an epic that's been sliced and diced into so many little morsels that almost nothing in it has any weight.
A cultivated and more temperate version of Scarface.
[Ridley Scott] wants to make a Godfather-style epic, and he doesn't have the horses -- or the story -- to pull it off.
A strikingly photogenic but lethargic cops and crimelords yarn, it gives us a number of formidable talents laboring on a story that never develops the headlong momentum it needs. It's a brooding, serious character study impersonating a crime thriller.
A heck of a ride, and the most irresistible gangster epic in ages.
American Gangster is good old-fashioned knuckles-to-the-jaw entertainment.
...plays like Serpico by way of Scarface if Tony Montana was an accountant.
American Gangster isn't bad or poorly-made or unsatisfactory; it's just good enough to make you painfully aware of all the ways it could have been better, too big and observed to watch as simple entertainment and too glossy and glib to watch as meaningful
American Gangster shoots for epic stature and misses, but Washington hits the mark from start to finish in one of the year's best performances, the one element that earns the larger-than-life status the rest of the film so desperately seeks.
While you may wish the superlatively talented cast of American Gangster had a classic to show for their efforts, a good modern gangster film is its own reward.
It's an entertaining pulp pastiche with pretensions.
Director Ridley Scott and screenwriter Steve Zaillian try to develop each character equally, though it's really Washington's charismatic crook who holds our interest. That's not meant to slight Crowe, who's fine as well.
Normally, Scott loves his flash-bang setpieces, but he proves equally adept at low-key verisimilitude and long-form storytelling, the kind that sprawls out over years of incidents that only gradually add up to a powerful whole.
First-rate visually but otherwise shooting blanks.
If it's not Scott's Godfather, it's certainly as close as he's ever going to get.
It has the aspirations of an epic of crime and punishment, a superb feel for time and milieu, and an almost subliminal feel for myth.
What should have been a clash of two opposing moral universes instead comes off as a wan buddy flick.
It's not just Oscar bait for its two dazzling leading men. It's a fascinating look at the Land of Opportunity as seen through the eyes of its most amoral opportunists.
Well done movie but to what point?
[B]rings together Crowe and Washington, both of whom stalk the screen, as they always do, as if The Movies were invented for them, and how freakin' explosive can it be to smash these guys into each other?
The filmmakers know their audience and spin a good story, the cast is wonderfully diverse and engaging, the production first-rate.
Martin Scorsese will buy the movie's poster and frame it on his bedroom wall.
What are the chances you would leave a movie starring Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe shrugging your shoulders?
Ridley Scott is the weak link; he's never made a film this for-hire. Even Scott's signature misted atmosphere is absent.
American Gangster does a crackerjack job at nailing the look and feel of New York City's bad old days.
Washington, as real-life heroin kingpin Frank Lucas, and Crowe, as detective Richie Roberts, are on a collision course with one another that's bursting with the gritty period atmosphere of 1970s Harlem.
It's not a bad movie, just not the classic one it's obviously striving to be...should prove solid entertainment if you don't go expecting too much.
One of the year's best movies -- and surely a major Oscar contender.
Everyone involved seems to be coasting ... Scott's gift for composition and the occasional flash of wickedness from Washington keeps this from being a bad film, precisely, just a disappointing one.
Washington rules the screen. His portrayal is one of many things that elevates this film to the level of being consistently entertaining and occasionally compelling.
American Gangster's simultaneous celebration of crime, punishment and upward mobility should be titled Cry Capitalism. That's the code of the new Western.
American Gangster is meticulous and detailed, a drug-world epic that holds you from moment to moment, immersing you in the intricate and sleazy logistics of crime.
One must applaud American Gangster as the kind of socko entertainment many people thought Hollywood filmmakers had become incapable of. It is not to be missed.
a rock-solid crime story, bloat and all.
Ambitious as American Gangster is, it's well suited to Denzel Washington's particular star quality.
It's Super Fly -- which also had a drug-dealer hero -- without the cartoon cruddiness and the put-on violence and with an enormous increase of range and detail.
Ridley Scott pumps up the volume with a gritty, glitzy valentine to the anarchic American drug wars.
Well-crafted but eerily familiar....while they were making it, the crew dubbed it, "Superfly meets Serpico."
There is not one dull or inauthentic moment in this film.
Not only is American Gangster dumb as a rock, but it's also far too convinced of its import to be any fun.
Talk about a match made in heaven -- does it get any better than Denzel Washington, Russell Crowe and director Ridley Scott?
Two and a half hours is excessive for a film that's barely better than a mildly acceptable diversion.
Not since the 70s have we seen such a gritty and intense crime drama.
The movie is smooth and smart enough to attract a significant audience beyond the considerable fan base of its stars, Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe.
Perfectly entertaining and suspenseful.
Under Scott's bravura helming, this sprawling saga, combining the best elements of the classic crime-gangster genre with a fact-based drama of Harlem's drug lord and folk hero, critiques the American Way of Life of mobility, consumerism and success.
Say hello to my leetle M.B.A! It's the black Scarface. But American Gangster is an economic education with as many bullet points as bullets.
Call it the black Scarface or the Harlem Godfather or just one hell of an exciting movie, but the fact-based, 1970s-era American Gangster is already looking like a major awards contender.
Superfly vs. Serpico!
Ridley Scott deftly contrasts the character of his two principals, demonstrating that the drug underworld is organized like legit corporations, obsessed with competition, fair prices, and quality products.
An entertaining, masterfully-crafted crime flick even if it isn't altogether original or groundbreaking compared to Ridley Scott's classic films.
It is as though Scott, like his protagonist Frank, has gone back to source, bringing viewers the most refined product available.



@highlight

American Gangster is a gritty and entertaining throwback to classic gangster films, with its lead performers firing on all cylinders.