Made up largely of Statements and less of character arcs or human psychology.
Isn't there anything better for the urban-marketed movies than this dreck?
Unfortunately, for all its superficial entertainment value, Perry-ites won't recognize much of Why Did I Get Married? And in this case, a lack of familiarity just may breed contempt.
A simple, feeble-minded film with a high-school-level screenplay.
Tyler Perry's latest comedy has adult themes.
There's such an overriding sense of soap opera that I kept expecting a commercial break.
Why Did I Get Married covers a lot of emotional and cultural ground in its two hours.
...the characters are less cardboard, the dialogue less awkward than in some of Perry's other movies...
Perry's film made me laugh frequently and whole-heartedly; more so than any theatrically released American film has in many months.
Critic-proof, many-hatted Tyler Perry has done it again: delivered an overreaching and overexpositional melodrama that opened at No. 1.
Incredible star Jill Scott is the one to watch in "Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married?" The show is a star vehicle for Scott and an intelligent, entertaining dramedy.
Amid the shout-downs over adultery, male power, and the agony of coping with a child's death, one performance glistens -- Jill Scott's as the sad, heavyset Sheila, who locates the faith that's the source of love.
It's alarming that American film critics alienate themselves from the aspects of Perry's films that should be universal.
The real question for me about Tyler Perry's Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married? came about 30 minutes into the film: 'Why am I watching this movie?'
None of these flaws will matter much to Perry's devoted audiences, whose support has enabled him to virtually build a media empire.
Despite the improbable ease of pic's genteel psychoanalysis, the characters are thesped with enough depth and emotional investment to make their problems feel legit.
'Can these marriages be saved?' is the recurring theme raised by this alternately enlightening and entertaining Tyler Perry tour de force.
Perry's films are review-proof and he knows it.
[Perry] makes it easy on us, mostly by letting his cast do what it wants.
Perry, so adept at giving fans of his touring plays an evening that spans the entertainment gamut, once again delivers something for everyone.
Here's what filmmaker Tyler Perry does well: featuring characters not traditionally seen in movies. Here's where he could use some help: in toning down some grossly over-the-top dramatics.
In the end, it's easy to answer the question: why don't we care what happens one way or the other?
You don't have to be black to enjoy the film, but you do need a strong desire to watch people work out their issues using pop-psychology and self-help techniques.
Tyler Perry is a cultural phenomenon, specifically targeting an affluent, African-American audience.
While delivering the mix of laughs, tears, and spirituality Perry's fanbase has come to expect, this film has universal heart and soul that would speak to a much wider audience.
Bland stereotyped characterizations and invasive cinematography mar what could have been an interesting, albeit uninspired idea.
Tyler Perry again exhibits an uncanny knack for creating realistic African-American characters likely to resonate with black audiences thirsty for such sophisticated fare, even if his one-dimensional portrayal of whites and gays leave a lot to be desired.
Though still a stranger to subtlety, Mr. Perry has learned to balance the obviousness of his setups with characters whose interactions feel genuine.
Could be the date movie of the year. Not a first date. Wait until they're already too invested to weasel out of it. Or maybe use it as a screening mechanism. Just, for God's sakes, talk about things and deal with it!
Stiffly written, didactic, and whiplash-inducing in its tonal shifts.
in a strange way, this film can be therapeutic for the average person, the same way The Jerry Springer Show is
Watching Married isn't just a helluva lot more fun than reading a self-help, it's a helluva lot more enlightening, too.
Perry's comedy will likely never be breezy, and the film drags through its second hour.
Why Did I Get Married? is Tyler Perry's best screen effort to date, which is to say it's comfortably mediocre instead of criminally intolerable.
With its retro credit sequence, Why Did I Get Married? proudly flaunts its maker's right to make movies as badly as Bart Freundlich, Peyton Reed, and Woody Allen.
Is it overboard to consider the Tyler Perry phenomenon a cult?
Lyrical and reflective, Married is an entertaining inquiry into that everlasting hunt for elusive marital bliss and the empty-hearted casualties that are all too familiar with its unpredictability.
Why Did I Get Married? is a very enlightening, romantic, emotional, uplifting, and universal film that should please all.




@highlight

Despite some poignant observations on modern marriages, Why Did I Get Married? is too preachy and melodramatic.