[Kat Dennings] imbued the character [of Norah]-a role that could have very easily waded into stock character territory-with an achingly poetic depth and explosive comedic bite.
Even if the bare-bones story strums at cliche like a three-chord riff, these two innocent old souls seem utterly original.
What makes the film so endearing is its genuine plausibility.
An American teen movie that manages to be cool and smart and also sweet.
Think of it as Superbad without the booze or Juno without the snarky dialogue.
Put this on your playlist, if only for an hour or two.
I don't know about you all but I think this is a welcome change from pensises in pies and boob gags - I hope the trend continues.
As a glimpse inside the wide-eyed world of the teenager, it is the best John Hughes film that John Hughes never made.
It's all about the execution, and among plenty of dead on arrival teen films, Nick and Norah is legitimately funny, sweet and charming.
The characters are all stuck on tracks, which might work on other occassions, but not when your underscoring music is all about refusing to follow conventional tracks.
It's an easy and lightweight date movie for teens who will enjoy also discovering some New York bands.
It's a pleasant enough interlude and the young band-crazy target market may get involved, but its appeal is limited and there is nothing especially fresh or novel about the content.
Although a comedy, and one rife with hilarious moments, it's a strikingly heartfelt flick.
A pleasingly jumbled mix CD
With the right touches of casting and chemistry, even the thinnest of premises can become weighty in sheer charm.
A near perfection romance comedy that will appeal to any and all audiences
With a great soundtrack and a plot that requires absolutely nothing of the audience, it's certainly Friday night fodder but could have been so much better.
Nick & Norah is a teen comedy that adults can enjoy. The screenplay, by Lorene Scafaria, manages to be smart and sophisticated, the comedy dry and understated.
The chief running gag, about as funny as a weeping sore, concerns a piece of chewing gum.
Although Nick & Norah is episodic and uneven, it does have considerable charm.
Filled with likeable characters, smart dialogue and cool indie music, it's good natured, hilarious and an outstanding romantic comedy that makes you wish you could be there.
All is forgiven in a wild money shot defining moment, when passion blooms in stereo off camera, as a studio hideaway's flashing voice level meters dance around, in synch with sex. A match ultimately made in digital heaven.
They pull off the blend of wide-eyed earnestness and sarcasm, but it's unlikely teens or adults will relate to the 2D characters.
The music's great, if predictable, and the talented young cast give it their all. We just wish that Cera would try something new.
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist takes everything you loved in three decades of teenage romance and twists it into something unrecognisably desperate and exploitative.
Could have been Ferris Bueller's Night Out but it's not even close.
This music-powered hipster romance is as simple and undemanding as a three-chord pop song. It's as corny as rhyming "moon" with "June".
So-so comedy.
We allow the movie its fantasy of first love, if not its pretence of indie credibility.
It's all very sweet and there's no mistaking how the film's going to end. But it's also smart, funny and further proof of Michael Cera's comic talent.
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist has charm and warmth in abundance. It'll find a home with its intended teen crowd and may hook in viewers willing to take a nostalgic look back at adolescence.
It's a rewarding love'n'pub crawl, dispensing sharp lines ("I love you so much it's retarded.") yet allowing a gentle love story to unfold between stops in the search for the mystery band. Play this one again...
Nick & Norah's tries to be the date movie for kids in skinny jeans and Cons. Thing is, it's too safe for their cynicism and while Cera and Dennings are pitch-perfect, even at 90 minutes it feels like a stretch.
It's up there with some of the best teen movies of the 80s as pure pleasure that will make you feel 17 again. Brilliantly uplifting and heart warming stuff.
For any age, it's amiable and harmlessly entertaining. And if I was a cool, intelligent boy or girl in my teens, I'd like it a lot.
It is a fresh and engaging film that thankfully lacks the schmaltz and sentimentality of most romcoms aimed at older age-groups.
In all, it's not as stupid as most teen films, but is still only likely to be enjoyed by 17-year-olds who haven't seen Juno.
The storyline is predictable and often the biggest laughs come from crude humour. But you are unlikely to see a sweeter couple than Nick and Norah all year long.
Tinny teens dragged through mirth-free misadventures one New York night.
Offering the perfect antidote to all the heavyweight Oscar-worthy and, more often than not, dour movies hitting cinemas right now, is this delightful, romantic teen movie for the iPod generation.
This small teen romance has the snap and crackle of early Doug Liman movies (Swingers, Go) and a charm all its own.
It's not a bad film; just not quite good enough to take hold.
The likeable cast ensure that this remains watchable, but you can't help feeling that it's all been done better elsewhere.
Enjoyable and sweetly engaging, but never quite feels honest about its characters or situations.
NANIP is a film that feeds on the giddy high of life's potential, and the first tingling flush of romance. So if you're a 65-year-old grave-digger who lives alone in a caravan, this is probably not the film for you.
It's inoffensive and, even if the plot feels contrived, the chemistry between Cera and Dennings doesn't.
The mood of the film is refreshingly relaxed on sexuality. One outbreak of homophobia is quickly punished with a headbutt by a butch boy with no name.
Remains resolutely tone-deaf.
Introducing the new Lloyd Dobler!
Cera and Denning are a winning team.
Throughout the entire film, I felt happy, energized, invigorated...
I would love the film more if the film didn't love itself so much.
No doubt there will be more sour to come in both Nick and Norah's lives, but for the duration of this film, things remain irresistibly sweet.
There are many, many things to love about this movie, starting with the sweet love story, the charm and chemistry of the two stars, and the amazingly great photography of New York City. It's also full of fun little details, as well as memorable and affect
Cera and Dennings both play more or less real people, much smarter and more thoughtful than your average movie teenagers.
Here's the new generation's "Before Sunrise."
"Before Sunrise" for the Stereogum set. It's easy to get swept up in this romance thanks to vibrant nocturnal cinematography, realistic dialogue Diablo Cody can't hang with and solid acting. If she's smart, Kat Dennings may be the next Diane Keaton.
Welcome to the wonderful world of no adults - a place where kids can stay out all night and no one cares
After all, nothing's funnier than a sloppy drunk fishing her chewing gum out of a public toilet she's just puked in, right?
I haven't made a list, but this has to be one of the best high school/coming-of-age/romantic/comedy films of the past decade.
Invested in ephemera, not people -- never more so then when the couple gets busy in a recording studio and the camera chooses to pivot and pan sensuously across the synthesizer.
What makes the film work in spite of itself is [director] Sollett's sympathy for his characters and the teamwork between Cera and Dennings, whose winsome sultriness seems entirely unaffected.
Sure, the movie is completely predictable down to the very last shot, but when everyone is jamming as well together as the cast and crew do here, it's easy to give yourself over to its groove.
[Cera and Dennings] have that hard-to-define chemistry that makes you believe their characters are not only predestined but deserving of being together.
[K]inda like Ferris Bueller's Night Out, but way less snarky and way sweeter, and the whole gang is Ferris.
Nick and Norah, and their assorted pals drift fluidly between irony-as-defense and taking both themselves, and the idea of love, very seriously. The result is a film that's much more of a traditional teen romance, but also a more honest one.
Predictable, but cute, this teen comedy gets by on the charm of its two leads and a willingness to embrace romance over cynicism.
A meandering Manhattan travelogue with a payoff worth the wait, some gross moments notwithstanding.
...an analog film in a digital world.
It's smart, funny, and sweet.
N&N goes for the tone of Juno, but never quite finds the heart, nor does it enjoy the edgy sense of humor of "Superbad" -- though it tries.
Though a bit too long it nevertheless has got the goods to speak to the FaceBook/MySpace/YouTube crowd in the way that Fame, Dazed & Confused, Billy Jack, and American Graffiti spoke to previous generations
Slight teen romantic comedy.
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist made me want to be a gay teenage boy. That's a first for me, and I watch a lot of Bravo.
Despite silly gross-outs apparently to appeal to the teen mentality, this movie sings when Kat Dennings is onscreen.
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is everything a teen movie should be: smart, hip, identifiable, and with a touch of sarcasm.
...a smart, hip story with a terrific soundtrack.
Brazen yet bashful, Infinite Playlist is a delight of a film, leavened with a phosphorescent soundtrack and enough quirky performances to last the rest of the year.
A valentine to first loves, New York City, and the ability of a good iTunes collection to become your therapist and best friend.
Director Peter Sollett painted a different side of New York in his debut feature Raising Victor Vargas, but here successfully mixes genres and earns genuine laughs.
Sure, it's a familiar tale, but it's a familiar tale told well. Anyone who remembers that time in their lives when running around the city until all hours of the night could lead to romance will likely view it with fondness.
I didn't laugh. I didn't even smile. I just never cared. And cinematographically, the film is much uglier than any television series watched at home for free on your HDTV.
This movie is so cute. They're not pushing anything. It's just sweet behavior. There's nothing outrageous. It's all just mellow moving through situations, and every minor act has such a heartfelt motivation.
Like Before Sunrise or the lovely karaoke-bar sequence at the center of Lost in Translation, Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist captures the excitement of exploring a city with someone you barely know and really, really like.
There's not much reality or intellect to be found.
It plays like a movie inspired by good movies, not by the emotion that inspires good movies. Still, the appeal of Cera and Dennings keep the movie within the realm of a mildly good time.
The movie around them may not have enough shape, contrast and texture. But at least these characters are always moving forward, even if the only sure thing they've got to look forward to is dawn.
Nick & Norah possesses an inescapable, winsome appeal. It's an alt.romance, dedicated to the B-side of love.
In the 1930s, Hollywood had The Thin Man, with the married couple Nick and Nora Charles as the epitome of Manhattan swank. Though this Nick and Norah have a lot more angst, they're just as worth watching, admiring and cuddling up to.
It's a traditional romantic comedy but one that is fresh, funny and real.
Nick and Norah take a question with an immediate, obvious answer -- will they or won't they hook up after they meet cute -- and stretch it out to a very long 90 minutes.
Nick and Norah would probably horrify the original Nick and Nora. But their great-grandchildren will probably see it twice. And then text their friends to see it, too.
Love for two goofy kids blossoms slowly in a tale that takes them through one of those fabulous Friday nights that can only be had when you're young.
A premise this promising should have developed into something more.
Satisfying for the heart, definitely, but the head is left wanting.
Director Sollett adds a humanistic layer of insight and wisdom to the story that transcends teen-pic formulas.
Nothing great, but enough laughs and moments of genuine emotion to give it a pass.
Nick & Norah is like something crafted in a lab by 54-year-old hucksters trying to sell sh-t to the kids under the cheerless guise of "alternative." The only thing itâ(TM)s an alternative to? Good.
The soundtrack is as good as you'd expect from a movie about music lovers, as artists like Vampire Weekend and Devendra Banhart provide the essential background for the characters' adventures.
It is a jumble of plotpoints and characters that can be maddening to follow, but one that somehow coalesces into a soft-hearted romance.
An uneven but sweet-natured bop through the unstable ground of teenage lust and loneliness.
The film really is a homage to vintage Hollywood comedy.
Handheld camerawork, long close-ups and two leads who act with fearless transparency lend a welcome intimacy to this sweet adventure.
Although crassed-up for modern audiences, Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist may be the closest anyone has come to matching the teen agony-and-ecstasy romps that John Hughes pumped out in the '80s.
Director Peter Sollett brings the authentic observation that worked wonders in his debut, Finding Victor Vargas.
It's an imperfect, sometimes familiar but always exuberant comedy with romantic resonance and a soundtrack that's as essential to the story as the dialogue.
Nick and Norah takes the relatively radical approach of making a movie that occurs on a genuinely human scale.
...skews closer to the rough charms of sub-John Hughes teensploitation flicks likeValley Girl than Juno
Sollett works easily and well with Cera and Dennings, and lends a touch of awkward realism to what, from a screenwriting perspective, is pure formula.
A shaggy dog of a movie that will appeal big-time to its young target audience...Juno meets After Hours.
It's a familiar formula, but as the title characters, Michael Cera and Kat Dennings give it such a fresh spin you'd think they invented love at first sight.
Sollett's working with stale material, clearly. He genuinely likes people, though, and his fondness revives Nick and Norah and sets it spinning with camaraderie and hope.
Don't expect anything too tart and tingly from this long night's stumble into romance.
It's like looking through a dreamy, indiemope kaleidoscope at a party you're not invited to, and, frankly, not even sure you'd want to attend.
As thin as an iPod Nano, as full of adolescent self-display as a Facebook page, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist strives to capture what it's like to be young right now.
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist is a solid effort, and like a good B-side on a hit record it sings a catchy tune difficult to remember yet perfectly easy to hum.
Nick & Norah's only wishes it had some of Juno's wit and energy.
Sweet and inconsequential, it intelligently captures the faux-confident way that teens talk and joke with one another.
Freewheeling fun and romance make Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist special enough to become a future romantic comedy classic.
The film and those like it are merely the reflection of ageing creative people in hopeless search for an elixir.
[A]lmost more remarkable than Nick, Norah or their playlist ... is the quirky, melting-pot world Sollett creates around them: vibrant like New York, youthful like the stars, awkward like the characters they're playing...
There's a sweet, funny movie lurking underneath the too-cool-for-you surface.
There's a little magic there in Cera and Dennings' excellent performances, continuing their upward trajectories in a romantic comedy that can barely keep up with them.
Even the simplest films can be the most effective and make you laugh non-stop.
A charming tour through a wonderfully authentic New York City landscape that takes full advantage of the magic that the city offers to everyone, regardless of sexuality.
It's a cute love story wrapped in a comedy which never loses sight of the sweetnees among the crazy, outrageous moments.
A sweet story of young love on the streets of New York thrives on the chemistry between its two young stars, but is marred by the needlessly low-brow comedy added to try to create comedy that appeals to a larger (i.e. dumber) audience.
If we're going to have a comic recycle his schtick, there are few I'd prefer to Cera, whose hesitant, awkwardly verbal stock character is one of the most reliably funny tropes in mainstream comedy today.
Even the biggest churl imaginable will find it hard to resist the palpable chemistry that emerges as the two flirt, fight or simply bliss out in the presence of each other.
This is about as innocent and well-intentioned as teen movies get any more.
What this movie does so well is capture not only the incidental qualities of the [hipster] subculture, it seems to peg the sexual mores as well.
"Nick and Nora" should prove a breakout for both lead Dennings and Ari Graynor who bears the load of the film's physical and gross out comedy as Nora's thoroughly drunk yet endearing best friend Caroline
Not only is their playlist worth a listen, but Nick and Norah are surprisingly good company with whom to spend a long night in the city.
Draws from the emerging world of cuddle puddles and omni-connectedness in a manner that moves the story forward without being intrusive or trying too hard to be hip.
a high school fantasy for indie rock nerds... but sadly, it's not as much fun as it looks
Let's call this High Fidelity Nano. It's a little bit less in every way, lighter and cuter than its archetypal elder, but it might just fit your present lifestyle all the better.
One advantage that Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist has over the typical teen romantic comedy is a terrific soundtrack that perfectly matches the fleeting loyalties of teenage love.
It is a teen romantic comedy that largely fits the familiar template but is also fleshed out with atmosphere, a nice blend of broad goofiness and sophistication, and two appealing leads who bring it to life.
It's a good thing Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist has such an appealing cast.
The last half hour of this is so good, that I wish the rest of it would've been more like it. A better idea would be to stay in and rent BEFORE SUNRISE.
Cera and Dennings save the film from being a complete waste of time with their quirky chemistry that's awkward, at times clumsy but consistently feels genuine.
Nick and Norah springs high on the bounce of its hugely likable leads, Michael Cera and Kat Dennings.
Like a movie that '80s-era John Hughes never made, Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist is candid, thoughtful, touching and hugely entertaining.
Caloric with whimsy but lacks distinctive dramatic weight, to a degree that it ceases to be a movie and transforms into something resembling a tiresome Diet Coke commercial.
The film drags as it reaches the hours before sunrise, but Cera and Denning's passive-aggressive flirtation keeps its pulse alive.
A dim comedy about kids who just want to have some fun.
[Director] Sollett is able to take familiar teen tropes and transform them into low-key magic.
The script is Afterschool Special 101.
I, frankly, am too old for this. I did the all-night, bar-hopping, diner-at-dawn thing and, now, just watching it gives me a hangover.
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist lacks some of the idiocy of your average teenage rom-com. But it doesn't bring much to the party.
Teen romcom is believable but on the edgy side.
It comes up a little short of the classic it might have become, but it's still a knowing portrayal of young love lost and found.
A night on the town with these two hip, quick-with-a-quip teens lacks spark and drags, even at 90 minutes.
Seems like it was made by a ghost alien from Triton, moon of Neptune.
Sputters like a broken iPod ... Cera's Juno character would probably hate this movie.
An often delightful love story.
Even Michael Cera's unique brand of awkwardness can't save this frustratingly weak adaptation.
Nick and Norah's playlist may be infinite, but the enjoyment they provide is definitely limited.
a charming valentine to young love, cool music and New York City after dark.
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist is one of those magical, near-perfect youth romances, a film that so vividly reminds you of the glories of young love that you wish you were 18 again, full of hope, not jaded by life and love lost.
The dialogue is witty enough to separate Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist from the rom-com continuum of dumb screenplays, but not so witty that it will receive a Diablo Cody-level backlash.
[D]espite an appealing cast and a tone of mildly sardonic sweetness, the movie is missing that X factor that makes you understand why the characters fall for each other and gets you to root for them being together.
The marvelous, magical boy-meets-girl-in-the-city-that-never-sleeps romantic comedy Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is a revolutionary movie disguised as a familiar story.
Cera and Dennings' pouting is obviously not clever or even jaded enough for their stale one-liners to sustain them as anything more than just walking scapegoats for the pretentious.
MP3some
'Nick and Norah' has an ear for dialogue that doesn't sound contrived. It's sweet - disarmingly so, without seeming saccharine - and it feels effortlessly genuine. The best love stories always do.
As a valentine to the young bridge and tunnel crowd it works wonders.
A pleasant way for old-timers to learn what a 'mix' and a 'playlist' are.
Who needs to go to New York for a weekend when you can let Nick and Norah take you with them?
No doubt, this romantic conversation piece would have been better if Linklater wrote and helmed but the central couple is charming and the nocturnal tale is a valentine to New York with upbeat and darker echoes recalling Allen and Scorsese's After Hours
It's about time we had an answer to Sixteen Candles, Superbad and Dazed and Confused set in New York City.
...an above average contemporary romantic comedy...
The film is effortlessly funny, sweet, and real in a way that few teen comedies are.
You wish there was a little less grumbling and more of the Before Sunrise/Sunset feel that we get in the final half hour which is quite special. Put Michael Cera and an escalator in your climactic scene and somehow magic is born.
The whole never quite registers as forcefully as individual pieces.
It's sweet, no doubt, but a bit too slick for its own good.
A patchwork of good scenes that are stitched together, like a feature film made from a diverting YouTube series, but as a film it's... nothing.
A surprisingly timeless story given its hip trappings. It will enthrall teen viewers who imagine such an adventurous, music-fueled life for themselves.





@highlight

Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist combines a pair of charming leads, the classic New York backdrop, and a sweet soundtrack.