Volver disappoints.
Beautiful performances, a refreshing story, and spot-on comedic timing make this a wonderful movie.
This is a woman's picture in the best sense of the term, anchored by bravura turns from Penelope Cruz and Carmen Maura. Something of a departure for the Spanish auteur, it also seals his status as a cinematic master. Never that this was much in doubt.
Almodóvar himself once again returning, with delicious self-consciousness, to an old plot. . . and reconfiguring it, as he does here even more radically than in his other recent films, in the subtle but provocative manner of his mature style.
Almodóvar's phantasms are emotionally anchored so the story never gets away from its characters -- just when you suspect he might have overplayed his hand he stages a clever, surprising inversion to tie the film together.
Almodóvar's maturity navigates not only the thin lines between comedy and drama and between body and spirit, but also between rebellion and acceptance
It's up to charm to twinkle our attention away from the loose threads and daytime TV plotting.
At the center of this hectic universe, [Cruz] never misses a step and may even elevate what Almodovar originally conceived.
With all its unexpected twists and turns, the story still unfolds naturally, like some gaudy Mediterranean flower.
Pedro Almodovar's Volver is amazingly bright, fresh and clean for a film dealing with murder, adultery, incest, malignant disease and the occasional supernatural apparition.
Hollywood, take notice: If you hand Penelope Cruz a role with more depth than the paper it's printed on, this is what you'll get.
Until now, you may not have considered Penelope Cruz the modern-day successor to Barbara Stanwyck and Joan Crawford. But director Pedro Almodovar's delightful 'Volver' could change your mind.
...a knowing treatise on the currents that run between mothers and daughters.
So how good is Spanish writer-director Pedro Almodóvar's latest effort? "Volver" (to return) is so mesmerizingly quirky that I sat through a screening with an injured right arm writhing with pain as I became immersed in the film.
The Spanish master brings his own story to the screen with intense emotion, vivid characterization (so rare in too many of his colleagues) and a marvellous sense of magic ...
In this hand-stitched, gentle giant of a film, return is recovery -- by its very nature -- and all ghosts are friendly if you'd only let them in.
Almodovar's latest is an emotionally rich film about forgiveness, atonement, and second chances that either sex can relate to.
Even if Volver sounds too high-concept for you, know that Almodóvar is smart enough not to rest on laughs alone, extending his premise to dark, though occasionally tidy psychological territory.
Pedro Almodóvar gives Penelope Cruz a great woman's role that recalls the classic performances of Italian actress Anna Magnani.
It feels like a Chabrol film.
The way that Almodovar's resilient women rise above their traumatic pasts to serve one another and their community is a microcosm of idealized reality that welcomes scrutiny.
Comedic soap opera meets ghost story in "Volver," a haunting and often surprising story about a woman who faces challenges at every turn.
Volver is far from a paint-by-numbers, Mad Lib of a movie, but rather a fresh and touching exploration of family, tragedy and second chances.
Almodovar treats even the most eccentric of the film's females with compassion, empathy, affection and appreciation. He seems almost to envy them, like a kid who longs to be one of Robin Hood's Merry Men.
...if Volver turns out to be more conventional than we might first suppose, Almodovar lets us down easy, with a deep and generous wit that forgives even the worst crimes humanity can commit.
... Almodovar's most accessible and empathetic work yet.
... a dark comic thriller with at least as many twists and turns as your typical Spanish 'telenovela.'
When the film does work itself up to a boil, it's worth the wait.
Almodovar at his warmest and most accessible.
Supplying dialogue for multifaceted female characters isn't Almodovar's lone specialty, but it's safe to say he does it better than most people in the film business today.
Nothing short of moviegoing nirvana.
It's clever and entertaining. It's marvelously deft, but never daffy. It works well enough, despite feeling like the most conventional film this great, envelope-pushing Spanish director has ever made.
Although no director has ever been as fascinated with and supportive of women as Almodóvar, in Volver he outdoes himself. Though the plot is fictitious, the characters are designed as a memory and tribute to the women in Almodóvar's childhood.
A light, charming comedy with three murders and a death.
The unpredictable way all these stories begin to weave together makes it impossible to know where Volver is going until the final act. But it's the exploration of the ties that bind mothers to daughters that offers the real substance.
I'm not supposed to say this, as a woman, as a film critic, and particularly as a woman film critic, but I'm not a fan of Pedro Almodóvar.
Almodovar finds unusual camera angles to break up the straightforward storytelling. But for the first time I recall, not a single male character is crucial to his story, and no actor has a leading role. You won't miss them.
Volver shifts effortlessly from suspense to pathos to giddy humor; the cast members negotiate all these changes while delivering low-keyed, reality-rooted performances.
The film is realistic, yet Almodóvar's touch of the absurd and the madcap infiltrate everything that occurs while his candy-colored visual palette lends a brightness to what in other hands might have taken the form of a sordid tale.
[Almodóvar] raises some intriguing and moving ideas in Volver, but the plot strands are not woven tightly together, remaining loose and frayed. It's a shame, because the potential was there for a great film. Instead, we merely get a good one.
Almodovar's in a playful mood here, yet there's no mistaking the seriousness with which he takes the movie's theme of empowerment through sisterhood.
By the time it gets back to Raimunda and Paula and their never-too-heavy plight you've all but forgotten about them, and really couldn't care much either.
Moderately enjoyable, but a step back rather than forward.
It is an impossible hybrid, (in the words of at least one observer) an epic comedy.
Far and away the best and most convincing work that she has ever done.
Pedro Almodóvar whipstitches a movie from patches of those mother-daughter melodramas Mildred Pierce, Bellissima and Two Women and makes it seamless and original, funny as it is fierce, breathtaking as it is life-affirming.
Once Almodovar gets all the nasty men out of the picture, he's free to create his utopia of women, whose chronic widowhood must have been achieved by boring their husbands to death.
A rare success in the overcrowded (with formulaic disappointments) field of movies about estranged mothers and daughters who, at last, find a way to understand each other.
Whatever the director asks of Cruz she delivers with poise and sincerity. It's easily her finest work, and one of the year's best performances.
The Return rattles its chains for a spell, but it doesn't linger -- it quickly leaves.
Penelope Cruz lights up the screen in a role that she seems born to play; she's vibrant, funny, strong, and vulnerable.
Volver is rich, crazy, ambitious and filled with heaven and earth in a way that no other filmmaker can touch. It is a flawed beauty, but the beauty is so much more important than the flaws.
If Almodovar is in great form, Cruz is even shapelier, with no small number of gags involving her cleavage.
Typically unpredictable Almodovar surprise, but this time it's enjoyable.
Volver qualifies as a must-see movie for the director's fans or for those who wish to admire one of the greatest living cinema artists.
Ripe with female characters and embroidered with flourishes that hint at Hollywood's Golden Age, Volver is one of Almodóvar's finest films. It is also one of his most emotionally delightful.
The new film by Pedro Almodóvar is less ambitious than its predecessors, but all the more delightful in its smallness.
A wonderfully talented cast led by the best performance Cruz has given in years, but I am not convinced it is the Oscar-worthy turn some have been promoting it to be.
[A] gritty melodrama tempered by surreal black humor.
Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar always has fun toying with our perceptions and expectations and does it yet again with Volver, a darkly comic look at mortality and family secrets.
A deeply entertaining experience that engages our hearts as well as our funny bones.
Its buoyant script and zesty cast make a convincing argument that you can't fully appreciate life without having a healthy respect for death.
Volver is a rapturous, freewheeling valentine to the [female] gender as a whole, and as luxuriously voluptuous as the women who populate it.
The Cannes Film Festival jury threw up its hands and gave this year's Best Actress Award to all six of the film's stars. They're so fine that refusing to choose between them was the only sensible choice.
A movie with more in its heart than on its mind, Pedro Almodóvar's Volver doesn't approach the brilliance of his recent films Talk to Her and Bad Education.
The primary source of "woman troubles," men are, in the end, also irrelevant to women's patient, purposeful, and proud survival.
Doesn't have the emotional impact of Almodovar's best films, nor the whacked-out lunacy of his most outrageous ... but it's a satisfying and enjoyable film nonetheless.
It's a lovely little movie, but also sort of a wispy one.
A mixed bag, albeit one with significant signature style.
[T]here can be no doubt that this is the work of a mature artist at the top of his game.
Almodóvar has described Volver as a blend of Mildred Pierce and Arsenic and Old Lace, which is to say essentially urgent but wry.
Volver is one of his most self-assured works, nestled into a style and filmmaking breadth that has officially become synonymous with the Almodovar brand.
Volver has it all: comedy, drama, Penelope Cruz, death and unexpected life, perfectly strung together with a little old fashioned intrigue.
Pedro Almodovar's "Volver" stars Penelope Cruz in a comeback performance that's so good, it recalls the film's title itself. In Spanish, "volver" means "to return," and that's exactly what Cruz has done here. She's fantastic.
If ever there was such a thing as grand melodrama, many of Pedro Almodóvar's works would certainly fit the description, and Volver (accent on the second v and long last syllable) is the grandest of them all.
Pedro Almodóvar has returned to his abiding, psychologically prescient adoration of women with what is his strongest film in years.
I am a huge Pedro Almodovar fan, and his latest offering, "Volver", is another gem in his repertoire of films about women.
The movie is almost unbearably slow at times, and it was way too long at a little over two hours.
Cruz delivers an award worthy performance in this delightful comedy.
A feast of colours, swooning camera movements, lushly orchestrated musical cues and meticulously fetishized symbolism.
A celebration of what women can and will do to survive this mortal coil. Penelope Cruz is transformed into a classic woman for all the ages.
The result is intoxicating; a free-spinning story that's by its end enormously satisfying, creating its own kind of magic.
The women are left to do the best they can. That turns out to be enough to keep you watching through to the final twist -- as unlikely as everything else in this nonetheless extremely likable movie.
What a distinctive filmmaker Almodovar has become.
One of the amazing things about Volver is that Almodóvar once again manages to make a preposterous, overloaded plot seem sublime and organic.
Compared to something as extraordinary as his Talk to Her, Volver may seem like a light little soap opera, but its strength, grace and resiliency should not be underestimated.
Pity Pedro Almodóvar. He's so good so often that the world has come to expect a masterpiece with every new picture.
The general rule in Hollywood is that an actress can give either a glamorous performance or an 'important' one. But Pedro Almodovar allows his actresses to do both.
For all of the film's pleasures, it's missing the daring creativity that distinguishes the director's best work.
Is there another male filmmaker who so celebrates the mystery of women as much as Pedro Almodovar? Only maverick director George Cukor similarly delighted in the intricacies and moods of the female sex.
The pleasures of the new Pedro Almodovar film Volver, and they are many, have less to do with deep wells of feeling than they do with mastery of craft and a magnificent sort of artifice.
One excellent performance does not a captivating drama make; this is just a colorful, great-looking but weepy telenovela that will require three cups of coffee to endure.
From start to finish, there is just nothing to Volver.
Almodovar is back! Not that he ever actually left....
It is an intimate treasure trove of exquisite writing, fluid direction and wondrous performances, the whole thing coming together into such a spellbinding whole I can't wait to see it again (and again and again and again).
As perfect moments go, this one was odd and incomplete; and yet, when a plump droplet spilled across Cruz's eyelashes, tears came to me, too.
Almodóvar retorna ao mundo das mulheres com seu talento e sensibilidade particulares e, no processo, retoma também sua habitual paleta de cores, cuja intensidade é proporcional à dos sentimentos que representa."
The late François Truffaut was frequently described as a filmmaker who loved women, but not even Monsieur Truffuat could come close to Señor Almodóvar in his intelligent, perceptive and creative appreciation of women in Volver.
It's very moving, It's beautifully done.
[Almodóvar's] once-kitschy obsession with color and surface continues to deepen into a big, bold, almost painterly style.
Almodovar delves deep into the darkness of a woman's maternal instincts, finding alternate humor and harrowing emotion in one of the year's most fascinating films.
Cruz is glorious to watch here, all voluptuous emotion and energy, a sure fire Best Actress nominee.
Though its humble pleasures give cause to pause and reflect on the Spanish filmmaker's occasionally overpraised output, Volver is a diverting melodrama...
Almodóvar is still one of the few directors worth watching just for how he uses color on the screen. But the pleasures have always run much deeper, and now they run deeper still.
Crammed with outrageous turns of fortune and quicksilver shifts in tone, Almodovar's film is held together by performances so subtle and complex it's hard to single out only one as exceptional.
You do not want to miss this one.
In another director's hands, Volver could have been as heavy-handed as those films, yet Almodovar maintains a buoyant, lighthearted, and often comic mood.
Almodóvar is a great filmmaker, and his skills remain intact -- Volver is polished, well-acted, completely personal cinema. Yet it still feels slight -- more a tapas than a meal.
Almodóvar milks this premise for all it's worth with witty dialogue, terrific performances -- and less-flamboyant-than-usual visuals that are still a red-accented treat for the eye.
For a black comedy whose tangled sequence of events is completely improbable, Pedro Almodóvar's Volver feels absolutely authentic. So, think of everything as metaphor and enjoy one of the year's most delectably twisted treats.
Volver is really Cruz's coronation as the Spanish Sophia Loren.
A women's film -- about women, fueled by the instincts of women -- that doesn't resort to obvious melodrama or push-button emotions.
...for a couple of hours, I was transported to Pedro's Spain.
From the very first shot of Volver... you know you're in masterful hands.
Volver is suspenseful, clever, gently funny and always emotionally resonant.
Like most homecomings (or at least most good ones), Pedro Almodóvar's Volver is warm, emotional and forever on the brink of tears -- peppered with bouts of pique, old resentments that flare up and moments of intense and lyrical longing.
Pedro Almodóvar has made yet another picture that moves beyond camp into a realm of wise, luxuriant humanism.
I have always felt that Almodóvar was at his best as an artist when he was at his most playful. Volver is about deadly serious matters of the heart, but it often has a screwball spirit. The darker things are, the funnier.
[A] vibrant film that's pure class, pure imagination and pure Almodovar.
Cruz has never been more radiant and funny: Comparisons to Sophia Loren in her Vittorio DeSica heyday are flying about, and richly warranted.
The movie is enjoyable, but not passionately engaging in the way we've come to expect from Almodóvar, and it leaves you somewhat cold in spite of the warmth of Cruz's galvanic performance.
The characters' situations may be dire, but Almodóvar knows how to present them in a way that is humorous without ever seeming condescending.
Once again, the director confronts women on the verge of a nervous breakdown in a film full of humor and affection.
Watching Volver, Pedro Almodóvar's latest poker-faced extravagance, you realize just how far his women have come from the days when they were living on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Almodóvar's generous vision isn't just unique, it's color-coordinated.
Although Volver has a tendency to stray too far down tangential paths, it is ultimately satisfying.
Red, in every conceivable shade, is, not surprisingly, a key color in Volver, a movie about the towering virtues of high heels and the indomitable power of good old 35mm celluloid.
Will leave you with a smile on your face and a tear in your eye that cinema can be this gorgeous and glorious.
What a run this millennium for Pedro Almodóvar: one strange and fabulous feature after the next, each in a different style, each so deftly controlled that you hardly register its subversiveness until after you've been hooked by its story.
...The film, against my wishes, left me unmoved.
One of Almodóvar's more subdued works, 'Volver' mixes genres but in the end achieves neither serious drama nor serious comedy.
the mad spark which is Almodóvar's alone is only improving with each passing film
Volver admittedly remains a rather slight work, neither as flashy nor as wildly unpredictable as his past few films, preferring instead a quieter elegance and more intimate tone than Almodóvar's more elastic marvels of screenwriting architecture.
Touches the heart with its wonderful portraits of Spanish women whose nurturing and loving powers are a stay against the powers of violence and death.
This is a movie about mothers and children that dispatches with the usual goopy sentiment. Volver reassures us that you can go home again -- if only in the movies.
The characters in Volver are complexly drawn, with intricate relationships and motivations. Even the theme of death is more than it seems on the surface.
Volver (roughly translated: "To Return") is a magical film, but that magic is in the filmmaking [...] itself.
Though it may seem churlish to knock a film-maker whose only crime has been a naked desire to please audiences, Volver really is one of Pedro Almodóvar's weaker efforts.
What seem like needlessly digressive plot strands in the first hour are eventually knitted into a moving melodrama.
A tale of sisterhood, told with playful affection and abiding gratitude.
The story is too conventional, ghostly presence notwithstanding, but watch Penelope Cruz's best performance to date.
Almodovar-land may not be as familiar as Hollywoodland but give it a chance and you'll apply for a passport.
There's enough intrigue and good humor that you barely mind the clichés, the misdirection, and the easy capitulation to formula.
...there's a lot here that works, but there's far more that's simply interminable.
Volver is Pedro Almodovar's latest joy to behold.
A deeply resonant, thought-provoking story about how making sense of the past can help clarify our present and future.
A touching, beautifully plotted film, full of memorable images and jokes, it zips along without a wasted second in its 121 minutes.
Almodovar infuses proceedings with a horrible sense of self-satisfaction and also has a disconcerting habit of lots of lingering, leery shots of his lead actresses' bodies, including a pervy close-up of a teenage girl's groin.
Proves to be one of Almodóvar's most temperamentally restrained efforts, though such a muted tone doesn't detract from its emotional power.
Penelope Cruz has never looked more beautiful and she gives a sensational, career best performance as Raimunda.
...It's some achievement that the film is both funnier and more moving on repeated viewing, when its pervasive dramatic ironies emerge.
A mature and beautifully told tale of family and the ghosts that haunt us.
The humour and the heartstring-pulling hit the mark, as do most of the cast, not least Cruz.
Pedro Almodóvar regresa a terrenos familiares: La Mancha, la comedia, la fortaleza femenina y, por supuesto, Carmen Maura. Un regreso esperado y satisfactorio.
Mildred Pierce won Joan Crawford an Oscar, and Almodóvar's quaint riff on the Michael Curtiz classic may do the same for Penélope Cruz.
what we have here is an at-times plaintive love letter to women: a paean to their humor, their loyalty, and especially their ability to survive their encounters with cheating, lying fornicators who employ their penises as weapons of submission.
One of the few artistic highlights in Cannes Fest, Volver finds Almodovar in top form with a personal movie that celebrates powerful mothers, while paying tribute to Italian neo-relaism and the strong heroines played by Anna Magnani and Sophia Loren.
Volver (literally, 'to return') finds Spain's favorite cinematic son Pedro Almodovar at the peak of his powers.
Cruz has never been better or looked lovelier. The same could be said of Almodovar (well, at least the talent part).
Richly entertaining fantasy from a cinematic master.
Richly evocative.








@highlight

Volver catches director Pedro Almodovar and star Penelope Cruz at the peak of their respective powers, in service of a layered, thought-provoking film.