If you're looking for a mindless, fun summer flick, check this one out. Otherwise, it's okay to pass this one by in the video store.
A fun, fast, action thriller with plenty of laughs.
"The Losers" was made with one purpose in mind, to simply entertain, and while it may not be a great movie of substance, it certainly fulfills its purpose oh so very well.
An enjoyable romp through gasoline and gunpowder.
The bad in The Losers isn't particularly memorable and the good is, which is a pretty big saving grace. There is a very good idea for an action movie in there, but just one and no one seems to know what to do once it's exhausted.
Reveals Jeffrey Dean Morgan to be one in a line of Hollywood tough guys who have yet to be given their due in film...
Filmić koji će gledateljima brzo ispariti iz sjećanja, ali će, za razliku od mnogih sličnih holivudskih ostvarenja ipak ispuniti svoju glavnu svrhu
Everything about the weaponry on screen and the moviemaking technology employed behind it screams ultra-modern, but at its core is a loopy, loud wham-bam dose of old-fashioned thrills and giggles.
As a simpleminded action flick, it's kind of fun, actually.
This comic-book knockoff of The A-Team...is a lot easier to enjoy than Fox's sanctioned remake of The A-Team. Perhaps that's because Sylvain White's The Losers is self-aware of its schlock value...[Blu-ray]
Finally, a comic book movie that embraces its inner cartoon.
Even by the most forgiving of action film standards the film is a brainless poseur
Just endless stunts. Dispiriting.
Raucous and colourful, this comical action flick should be great fun, but a lack of plot or character development keep it from coming together. And it's not actually that funny or exciting.
Occasionally it's good to go to the movies and just have a good time as I did with this. The trailer didn't lie, it is fun schlock.
Flashy, action-packed and totally forgettable, The Losers still fits the bill for a lads' night out.
Only the strangely coy approach to violence (deaths are nearly all offscreen), leaves an odd aftertaste, but not enough to taint the big dumb fun.
Watching this series of adrenalin charged set pieces and plot twists feels like hurtling down a series of narrow one-way streets with tyre -screeching corners in between.
It's junk -- and remarkably soporific when people aren't fighting or shooting each other -- but the action sequences are stylishly directed by Sylvain White. you'll be hearing more of him.
An hour and a half of globetrotting, things blowing up in slow motion and not a whole lot else.
It's like being given the finger for 90 minutes.
The Losers is a rollicking romp, and set pieces are breathlessly orchestrated, culminating in an overblown showdown at the dockyards, and the banter is riddled with snappy one-liners.
A great script, full of gags, that revels in ridiculousness and some OTT action to make one stupidly enjoyable film.
The Losers is a ho-hum scraping of the comic-book barrel, which feels particularly needless with both The A-Team and The Expendables on their way.
Decent performances from the actors involved can't disguise the fact that this is a hollow bauble. But if you're in the mood for cinematic junk food, you might get a kick out of it.
What makes The Losers such winning entertainment is its refusal to take the story or the characters too seriously, alongside a uniformly excellent cast who all step into the shallow boots of their characters with aplomb.
Seldom do you see a film title that doubles as a likely box office prediction. But that's precisely what we've got with The Losers.
The shambling plot strings together a series of explosive set pieces rendered ineffective by mediocre digital effects.
Powering forward on a punky soundtrack and a don't-give-a-damn grin, this comic-book actioner never stops moving long enough for you to think about how little sense it makes.
A ludicrously flawed, over-saturated, B-grade, hyper-action flick that sees a group of ex-CIA operatives getting revenge on a crazed man with a nuclear device. Beware of casual destruction and Gen-Y coolness.
The script is sharp and the action from multiple locations so gloriously over-the-top it doesn't matter whenever the special effects aren't up to much.
Yet with a spunky, underdog spirit all of its own, endearing characters, explosive set-pieces and a self-aware, quippy sense of humour, it manages to hold its own against the Big Guns.
As stylish as it is implausible, this is an enjoyable action / adventure romp with colourful performances and a decent script, though it probably doesn't pay to think about it too hard.
Until its supremely nothingy ending, Losers is probably one of 2010's better summer entries, chock-a-block with amazing action sequences, endearing characters and mildly amusing humour.
It isn't half bad: unmemorable but fast and flashy, and less bloated than the kind of action number that keeps John Travolta in Lear jets.
Lithe, bold, often funny and full of characters to cheer for, it never pretends to be anything more than a trigger-happy romp. If that's what you're after, The Losers offers plenty of explosive entertainment.
While its actions scenes are entertaining, the plot holes and open ending signal a lost opportunity for a potential franchise.
The Losers knows what it is and doesn't try to be anything else. You'd have to be in the mood for this kind of thing, but if you are it delivers enough fun.
It builds slowly and rhythmically, and leaves audiences with a lot of fuss-free fun that holds its own, and then some, in the face of the blockbuster season.
Violent, funny and worth the ride. Far from excellent, it's one of those movies that's just good enough to keep your interest. Paul Chambers, CNN.
As an action fix to hold you before the summer explosions start, you could do worse than The Losers. It's no more than an efficient time-killer.
Staying close to its roots, "The Losers" won me over.
The agreeably loose vibe is sabotaged by the hackneyed action direction (whip pans, freeze frames, yawn), the indigestible tonal shifts (a helicopter-load of children is blown up), and the cliched ironic/hip pop-culture references (Journey, yet again).
The Losers lives up to its name.
The best thing The Losers has going for it is its utter and complete lack of pretension
An average shoot-em-up, 'The Losers' contains plenty of action but not much that's memorable.
Hey, I used to draw stupid comics on typewriting paper when I was a kid. At the rate things are going, somebody will probably make a movie out of my scribblings by 2012!
... for what it is, the movie isn't badly turned out -- unfortunately, 'what it is' is exactly the problem.
Sadly, it's also one of its most rudimentary and run of the mill, and as perfectly as each actor fits their respective role there's not a lot of meat on this film's bones.
It's trash and makes no pretense to be otherwise. Those moviegoers looking for a junk food movie... will find this filled with the empty calories they crave.
With an unfinished story all over the place, watching The Losers interact with one another is as much fun as the actors appear to have had making the actual film itself.
What distinguishes this from a standard-issue action comedy is the comedy. The script by Peter Berg and James Vanderbilt keeps the killer lines flying as fast as the bullets.
Loads of violent fun, not to be taken seriously.
"The Losers" doesn't become a winner until the very end, maybe even until the credits
a cast that knows how to keep a straight face as it takes the stock characters speaking seemly stock dialogue into the rarified, amped up atmosphere of a slick and deliberately self-conscious parody of the action genre
After watching this stylized comic-book action flick and admitting you thoroughly enjoyed yourself, you won't feel like a Loser at all.
The action in the film is continuous and the excitement is intense. Still there is something just a bit off with the whole plot, look and feel of the film.
The Losers proves that screenwriting is easy if you don't sweat story structure. Or logic. Or the laws of physics.
Like most action films, the movie starts strong. However, once the audience gets past the first few explosives, there is nothing left but pieces of a charred plot.
It was comic booky enough that I just enjoyed it.
All fireballs and flat characters.
Ah yes, The Losers: for once, the title reflects truth-in-advertising.
Aptly titled comic-book flick plays like an Xbox game made by an ex-music video director
Aisha exists to make sure you know Clay is heterosexual -- useful in a leader of a pack of men on their own, men who've shared long, intimate hours in jungles and war zones.
The Losers has the brisk, breezy energy of a good "B" movie; the pace never lags and the action looks terrific.
You know how Zoe Saldana's multiple Oscar-winning film, Avatar, has been lauded for its breathtaking, state of the art of technical wizardry? Well, don't expect to see anything like that in this under-budgeted homage to bad B-movies.
The Losers is a 14 year-old boy's example of freakin' awesome: it has lots of shootouts, lots of explosions, and lots of gratuitous close-ups of Zoe Saldana's butt.
The characters, attitudes, dialogue, plot crisis and special effects of The Losers are pretty much interchangeable with every other film version of a graphic novel.
A sort of 'A-Team Lite,' this surprisingly entertaining action thriller makes for an apt prelude to the summer movie season.
There will be a lot of win/lose puns in reviews this week, but I don't think The Losers is either one. It's more like a participant.
"The Losers" is a lot of fun, especially when it understands it's an over-the-top action comedy, and not some kind of super-serious revenge story.
Its a fun, derivative rip off of the A-Team. I walked in expecting to hate it, came away being thoroughly entertained.
Aptly named, flamboyant and frustrating, it's silly, hollow, mindless mayhem adhering to the proposition that anything worth doing is worth over-doing, including setting up for a sequel.
Here is a big screen comic production with a relatively paltry marketing budget, tiny expectations and zero fast food promotions.
It doesn't try to be the definitive Losers movie. It's clearly just one episode of The Losers.
It won't be winning any screenplay awards, but it does deliver on its action promises.
A big ball of ludicrous fun.
There are two kinds of comic book-inspired movies, the wait for it on Netflix or don't even bother with it, such as the Transformers movies, and the see it on the big screen. The Losers,...is firmly in the latter category.
Basically constitutes a sub-par episode of The A-Team... and since an official sub-par episode of The A-Team arrives this summer, one wonders why The Losers even bothered.
As mindless fun in the mold of mid-'80s action (comparisons to The A Team movie arriving in June are inevitable), The Losers delivers the goods. No more, no less.
Consistently preposterous, action-packed, delightfully campy, and wildly entertaining as long as you don't mind checking your brain at the door for 98 minutes.
There's plenty of action-packed sequences. But left in the cutting room was the substance needed to balance this film, which was just a hodgepodge of blah.
Action as generic as your average romantic comedy
Character and performance, story and style coalesce into a fun and fresh new franchise that's part A-Team, part Burn Notice.
At least they got the name right.
It squanders both its source (the book is better-realized and more politically pointed) and the goofball interplay between its actors.
...an aggressively middle-of-the-road revenge thriller...
The Losers plays like a grungy, sweaty action movie with all the energy sucked out of it. If while you're sitting in the theater watching it, you suspect that someone might have pumped Valium into the air conditioning vents, you're not alone.
It's not frivolous, but it is featherweight, and a hell of a lot of fun.
There is plenty of good-guys-vs.-rotten-apple tension here.
This chaotic action flick features a terrific cast but a script so cliched that filmgoers who shell out 10 bucks to see it may feel like the title is directed at them.
Compensates for the mindlessness of its story by filling it with all kinds of clever, playful, stylish flourishes.
The manufacturer's date might be relatively recent, but almost all the ideas and moves are definitely older than the likable cast members.
The premise -- good-bad guys versus bad-bad guys -- is muddled with outré James Bond elements, and if it weren't for some of the actors, the film would collapse under its own confusion.
The Roadshow nature of the casting adds another dimension to the film's title as the roles of leader, clown and big black guy appear to have been filled with leftovers from The A-Team auditions.
Existing in that unfortunate realm of entertainment, The Losers does nothing special in all-too familiar ways.
How dumb is it? You might actually kill a few million brain cells just watching it. Some groups may even want to consider inviting a designated driver to sit in the lobby and eat popcorn till it's over.
The movie, based on a comic book, features a couple of actors who deserve better (Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Idris Elba) and some who deserve even worse (like Chris Evans).
loud, garish, stupid, brutish, racist, sexist and utterly devoid of wit, intelligence, grace, dignity or any other commonly held humanistic ideals.
Feels dumbed down to appeal to thirteen year old boys instead of fully realizing its potential for greatness
It's strange what a bad action movie takes seriously and doesn't take seriously. Take, for example, The Losers, in which cliches are sacred and human life of no value.
The Losers at least has speed on its side -- not to mention a bad case of ADD and camera jitters -- but all compliments end there.
An aptly titled, grossly overdone big-screen adaptation of a DC Comics publication, it is, as though we needed it, another symptom of where we're going cinematically, and a movie that takes bilious joy in its own soullessness.
The Losers is simply a lot of low blows, telegraphed each and every time.
White and director of photography Scott Kevan, who collaborated on Stomp the Yard, have some seriously inventive visuals, which at times are smash-cut fabulous.
Jason Patric and the rest of the cast make this film worth watching. The premise is not the most original in the world but it's a fun action flick.
The Losers is eye-catching and energetic with a few individual setpieces that are entertaining, but the story doesn't make sense.
The Losers -- co-written by Peter Berg, who made the similarly loud and out-of-control The Kingdom -- makes a whole lot of noise without making a great deal of sense.
The Losers is not an especially good film. But it is a frequently funny, sporadically well written and, it must be said, consistently entertaining one.
Yet another broadside in Hollywood's seeming war on original material, The Losers delivers an intermittently punchy but essentially unmemorable take on a very familiar revenge tract.
...another low-intellect, overly violent, meaningless movie trying to appeal to the lowest common denominator.
Parental Content Review
The film colors its stale outline in ways both hackneyed and mundane.
Hoping to exact revenge on the criminal mastermind behind the plot, they become...The A-Team! Oops, that's not till June.
These guys are the XY chromosome equivalent of a boy band, each member with quirks, awesome proficiency, and a call sign name like the extras from "Top Gun."
A textbook example of diverting, forgettable, been-there-done-that, middle-of-the-road mediocrity.
It occupies the middle ground between sincerity and sarcasm, not exciting enough to be taken seriously and not funny enough to laugh at.
The Losers does indeed go through the world-saving, globe-trotting motions, but at least it throttles through them with a cheesy, breezy swagger and a surprising amount of directorial flair.
Movies aren't loaded weapons, though sometimes, they do go off when their users aren't careful.
A breezy, dumb and lightweight film that has the benefit of not trying terribly hard to be about much of anything and succeeding (bravo?).
Though they have plenty of lethal weapons at their disposal, the Losers are nowhere near as fun as the '80s action-flick heroes they emulate.
An incoherent mess that fails to capitalize on its promising premise, resulting in a film that isn't exactly terrible, but almost entirely forgettable.
Basically, it's The A-Team meets Rambo meets Mission: Impossible, with a mission that's one part trickiness, four parts blowing stuff up.
...a cheesy, drive-in B movie that's a helluva lot of fun, despite a tragic opening jolt and some seriously nonsensical plotting.
Proving that ensemble chemistry can make or break a franchise, The Losers redeems itself with comedic camaraderie delivered by a well-chosen batch of rising stars.
There's just enough over-the-top action in this revenge-thriller. In fact, the action is enough to right this vehicle even when the plotting gets a little sketchy or convoluted.
"The Losers" is exactly what you would hope for from an action film: a wham-bam-glitz-and-glam good time with two-fisted action and brains to boot ...
Like nearly all action movies, horror films, and thrillers in the last 15 years, a sense of motion is conveyed predominately with editing as opposed to through physical space. The compression of time, distance, and movement into hectic cuts is deadening.
Outrageously violent and crass with one scene too sexually suggestive for a PG-13-rated film, this adaptation of the DC Comic book by British author Andy Diggle directed by Sylvain White ("Stomp the Yard") is what your kiddies can see without your approva
Harmless fun when it works, but utterly disposable.
The script is boilerplate, the wit pretty much witless.
There's nothing wrong with style for its own sake, but The Losers works so strenuously to be cool at every moment that it can only be anything but.
The lack of bloodshed, something clearly ordered by the focus group obsessed front office, flattens everything
The real losers are those folks tricked into forking over good money to see this dumbed-down adaptation of the popular comic book.
Whether you're betting on action or laughs, this is a lose-lose scenario.
Despite the likable cast, this A-Team wannabe is a bland and forgettable action flick.
Though rigidly formulaic, the movie is undeniably good-humored.
Basically a low-rent cousin of 'The A-Team'--'The C- Team,' in other words.
The film is easier to take than, say, Kick-Ass or V for Vendetta, both of which came to the screen saddled with misguided pretentions. No pretentions here.
Entertaining, but never funny, better brandishing a bazooka than tossing around punchlines...try to ignore the strained humor and the occasional Michael Bay move from director Sylvain White.
Mindless, but mostly fun.
The movie gets the job done, and the actors show a lot of confidence in occupying that tricky middle ground between controlled satire and comic overkill. It's fun.
If you're looking for the first (relatively) non-bloody action flick of the year, you might want to check out The Losers. Maybe.
A fairly literal translation of the comics to the screen that isn't perfect but has enough funny moments to keep you involved with the characters.
Staying awake during this ordeal of incompetent, incomprehensible stupidity is not difficult. It's so noisy that you can hear it in the next town. Staying interested is something else entirely.
The Losers does a perfectly serviceable job of achieving its low ambitions.
Director Sylvain White infuses the proceedings with a lot of high tech gadgetry and flashy editing techniques that make The Losers feel more like a video game than a movie, but eventually we get to know the human element and the film takes off.
The Losers is, above all else, fun, and that fun means that the things that don't work about it seem terribly unimportant. It moves, it's got attitude, and it is frequently laugh-out-loud funny...
Awful music, obnoxious editing, overwrought camera work, and strained comedy can't hide the hackneyed, smarmy pointlessness of it all.
[A] wickedly wonderful little smashup of fluff... [L]ike some lost 80s action comedy TV series fallen through a wormhole, which I mean in the best possible way...
Many gun battles and fiery explosions ensue, all of them free of excitement or suspense...Saldana and Morgan have the chemistry of two strangers who just met at a tax audit.
The Losers is the sort of pyro-heavy exercise parodied in Tropic Thunder, and no amount of production polish can hide the hollowness beneath its junk-food high.
An action film designed for those suffering from ADD.
If The A-Team is half this much fun, they'll be lucky.
The Losers is testimony to the power of movie stars because this cast offers eyegasmic distraction from the film's own foolishness.
If the cast are to be thanked for raising this film above standard fare, then so too should the writers, who've produced a script that is much much funnier than most people will expect.
Hot on the trail of "Kick-Ass," last week's experiment in vacant cartoon violence, "The Losers" is just as disgustingly wrongheaded.
Director Sylvain White and screenwriters James Vanderbilt and Peter Berg strain to achieve the pleasurable mix of cheap laughs and expensive action that Lethal Weapon pulled off effortlessly with the help of its stellar cast.
The film's vain attempts at being flashy and stylish is more loud than charming and never as clever as it acts.





@highlight

The Losers is loud, fast, and unrelentingly violent -- but it's also funny and well-acted, which will make all the difference for some action fans.