[Director] Morten Tyldum's film is an instrument of precision... [Full review in Spanish]
Nothing is at it seems in this film and that makes it an absolute must-see.
One of those all-too-rare movies that puts you through the emotional ringer, playing on your worst fears and most passionate desires.
Headhunters is an intriguing action thriller that relies on both stunts and the acts of its diverse mains characters, played by well-cast main actors Aksel Hennie and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, in order to tell its story.
This film is filled with suspense, violence, duplicity and emotion. The plot has a number of interesting twists. It is a very gritty thriller.
Though not completely satisfying or believable, the absurd cat-and-mouse potboiler at least is always entertaining and biting doggy style.
[A]n insane thriller in which form easily trumps -- while still complementing -- the material's inherent madness.
A hugely enjoyable, unpredictable thriller that never forgets to be fun first and foremost.
"Headhunters" is a rather strange film, but it's also a rather entertaining one.
"Headhunters" is an absurd amount of grisly fun, which is a good thing, since, looked at in any great detail, it probably doesn't hold up all that well.
Headhunters (Hodejegerne) is a roiling Norwegian mix of Hitchcock and Wile E. Coyote, with a generous dose of feces and blood. Headhunters is a mind game. And a blood sport.
... sort of like being mugged by a banshee: It's all very loud and exciting and after it's over you're left with a vague feeling of unease to go along with the lighter wallet.
The film holds its twists too close to the chest, and there's little to chew on till the ambitiousness of its plotting is revealed late in the film.
By film's end, we're deep into Coen brothers territory, with an extra splash of Sam Raimi-level gore.
a twisted and twisting take on the potentially lethal outcomes of male ego and insecurity, which find their greatest embodiment in capitalism at its most aggressive
Sleek and relentless, it's a provocative, darkly comedic thriller.
Suspenseful, wickedly funny and clever, Headhunters offers more bang for your buck than most modern crime thrillers.
"Headhunters" isn't a pretty film, and it doesn't always entirely make sense, but it races along like a man chased by killers.
The good guy in the Norwegian "Headhunters" looks like a bad guy, and the bad guy looks like a good guy. And that's just one of the ways this dazzling movie messes with us.
'Headhunters" is a frighteningly well-made thriller about an amoral art thief on the run.
HEADHUNTERS is an exhilarating thriller with great visual flare, top notch acting, and a story that will have you so involved that you'll possibly have no fingernails by the end of it!
Like a Teutonic techno band, this thriller is both skillfully familiar and chillingly strange.
"Headhunters" is a bit like an Ikea desk assembled with your nondominant arm -- sleek and attractive, but likely to fall to pieces if you look at it too hard.
"Headhunters" will indeed hand you your head.
...a sordid blast of delirious violence, brutal corporate satire, and male inadequacy.
This is one funny, gory, high-class crime thriller and my favorite Norwegian export since 'Troll Hunter.'
A cat-and-mouse game with the giddy excitement of a heist movie.
Do yourself a favor and see this one before some Yank director gets it all wrong.
Headhunters is a slick entertainment with well-orchestrated chases and bloody shootouts, though its characterizations are shallow and sketchy.
It's crisp entertainment even as plot absurdities gum up the works - you can almost hear the pages turn as you watch.
The scenes of graphic violence are drawn out to the point where they overwhelm the story.
When we get the remake in a year or two, I hope it retains the edge and compact energy of director Morten Tyldum's movie.
I knew I was being manipulated and didn't care. It was a pleasure to see how well it was being done.
Clearly, there are streaks of farce in all this, as well as serious cracks in logic, and those who like their black comedy done to a crisp will happily feast on what Tyldum dishes up.
Despite the gaps in logic the movie...is cannily put together and easily holds your attention.
A brisk, violent tour of the dangerous parts of Norway.
Director Morten Tyldum keeps the plot twisting in a manner that feels both surprising and logical, but be warned: at least two of Hennie's speedily improvised escapes get pretty messy.
Whatever the cinematic equivalent of a kick in the pants might be, you'll find it at Headhunters.
Headhunters is slick and spritely, a mixture of corporate skullduggery and low-life slapstick that plays like The Firm meets Blood Simple.
"Headhunters" is a well-oiled, nasty machine.
That's some good acting by Hennie, but it's also good writing by co-scribes Lars Gudmestad and Ulf Ryberg. They freshen up familiar caper and thriller tropes, adapting the bestselling prose Norwegian crime writer Jo Nesbo.
This Norwegian thriller has a winning cutthroat perversity.
First it's a heist caper; then it's a domestic drama; and finally it's a thrilling chase film.
Headhunters works best when punishing its lead excessively, continuously, and for no apparent reason.
...a first-class thriller with tension-enhancing music and Hitchcockian-quality cinematography highlighted by a sparkling performance by Aksel Hennie.
At a time when many mystery thrillers fall apart in the final fifteen minutes, Headhunters maintains its integrity.
To say too much about this taut, and often quite gory, shocking and surprising twisty mystery would spoil the freezer-burn fun.
I can't remember the last time a movie surprised me as much as "Headhunters": not just its story twists and turns, which are considerable, but its continual stripping of character veneer and overall audaciousness left me breathless.
A nasty little crime thriller from Norway that twists you into a state of tense uncertainty right up to the end.
The sex, nudity and violence are nonstop, but that's what makes "Headhunters" exciting entertainment.
Headhunters is ridiculous, macabre, fun - see the original before it's irrevocably ruined by it's Hollywood remake.
Brown's panic is capably rendered, but his ordeals are not worth enduring to the bitter end.
With the twists of a cyclone and humor that on occasion edges close to farce, it's a knife-cutting satire that's not above a bellylaugh.
"Headhunters" is smart, funny, scary and surprising, so it's hardly any wonder that an American version is in the works. The big question is whether the remake can measure up.
Acting is first rate, with a stellar turn by Aksel Hennie, and direction by Morten Tyldum is solid. I love seeing a terrific film from a place where you least expect it.
The film has some fairly grisly violence, but also considerable humor and the sort of intricate, thought-through storytelling you'd expect from Hitchcock or the Coen brothers.
"Headhunters" is a dark adult entertainment, a wild and bloody adrenaline rush of a movie that deals in gleeful grotesqueness and over-the-top implausibilities.
Darkly comic thriller from Norway in which a corporate headhunter who moonlights as an art thief gets a terrifying comeuppance.
Headhunters' title rapidly turns literal, and what seemed like a lightweight heist thriller careens into a bloody-minded game of cat and mouse.
A truly accomplished showcase of direction, with copious amount of surprises and neat corners on the storytelling. That Hollywood is rabid to remake the film is the least shocking thing about it.
...extreme noir with two potential femme fatales, Tweedledee and Tweedledum cops, corporate intrigue, over the top escape plans involving out houses and tractors and an art theft expert always on the periphery.
Though the film wraps up its spinning-plates narrative a little too neatly, this is still a Scandi-noir to die for.
Plenty of twisty scripting makes the queasy damage seem conceptually neat and tidy, as if that's a good idea, but what we need here is a little more meat.
Given how insubstantial Headhunters is, stopping us from thinking critically may have been the point.
The compact Hennie is a wonderful actor, smoothly congenial when confident, uproarious when rattled. And he will be rattled-as well as stabbed, shorn, bitten, mangled, and worse.
A sensational thriller that is both a satiric examination of the principal character's feeling of inadequacy and a scary look at a man's frantic attempts to escape a killer.
Nothing is exactly illogical and each surprise is cleverly prepared for in this cool, brutal, intelligent movie.
Tyldum's highly accomplished and darkly comical thriller should be seen and savoured for its poise, pace and Hennie, as well as for its filmmaking techniques ...
This is basically a genre movie that wants to do more than just entertain while turning the screw on unfettered capitalism. I'm not sure it does that, but it certainly does entertain.
The action is relentless and the suspense never lets up.
It's so gripping you won't mind the subtitles.
The parts barely relate, never mind work together.
[A] hilarious satire on male inadequacy disguised as an outrageously violent crime thriller. It's all the d*ck-measuring and overcompensating elevated out of the subtext to actively fuel the humor and the suspense...
Schadenfreude is tempered by a sense that Roger is all too emblematic of our current plight in Europe. He deserves his comeuppance, of course, but he isn't the only one in recent years who's been living beyond his means and riding for a fall.
Hennie's performance works jolly hard to win our last-ditch sympathies, but the movie's cold outlandishness - wickedly funny, at times - makes us feel like willing dupes in a con game.
Despite the added satirical depths, this is a movie that will only need a single viewing to 'get'.
Hennie's hangdog hero makes this a perversely entertaining ride, even at its most relentless and - particularly for Roger Brown - punishing.
Behind the cold calculation of the narrative lies a warm heart and an uplifting message about love. See it before the Hollywood remake.
It's a slickly-made, compelling story about a headhunter with a taste for swapping art masterpieces with forgeries in order to fund a lavish lifestyle for a wife who wants babies when he doesn't.
Use your head...and hunt it down.
Enjoyable, fast paced, blackly comic and occasionally horror-tinged thriller with a sharp script, impressive direction and a terrific central performance from Aksel Hennie.
Always deliriously entertaining.
This crime thriller from Norway has an entertainingly schizophrenic feel as it twists its way from daring heist movie to farcical black comedy, with a few drops of serious human drama thrown in for good measure.
See this version now before Hollywood spoils the fun.
It's fascinating rather than exciting, but makes for chilly thrills with two strong, charismatic lead performances, a great deal of style and amusingly repulsive, ruthless twists.
A nice blend of Scandinavian sophistication and Hollywood slickness, Headhunters is an entertaining Nordic noir achievement...
Many of the elements are familiar, but the setting, the actors and the director's confident style set them apart.
A super-slick thriller that doesn't let up, with exceptional performances all round. Make sure you catch it before the inevitable US remake rears its head.
Like a good magician, director Morten Tyldum attracts our attention with a sleight of hand as he prepares the ground for a much edgier film
A rip-roaring edge of seat thriller that delivers tension, surprises and black humour
Headhunters is a thrilling amalgamation of the heist thriller and chase movie, giving Hollywood a run for its money on how to do genre without sacrificing character.
Headhunters seems to take place in the same universe presided over by the prankster Gods in the Coen brothers' flicks; the very ones who punish anyone who dares to make a decision based on greed. More movies should be set there.
in this cat-and-mouse thriller, while red herrings might be expected, it is the black comedy that is the real surprise, rescuing Headhunters from both Norwegian dourness and Tinseltown blandness.
What begins as a slick anti-hero outing soon becomes a brazenly entertaining cat-and-mouse thriller.
...one of the most exciting, flat-out captivating thrillers to come around in quite some time.

@highlight

Grisly, twisty, and darkly comic, Headhunters is an exhilaratingly oddball take on familiar thriller elements.