Save that $11 and wait to see this one on Netflix.
Confirms what the first two movies already told us: that this series has taken what could have been a teen-exploitation premise and turned it into one of the most potent, and complicated, political narratives of our time.
The key lies in new screenwriters Peter Craig and Danny Strong, who understand the value of the unspoken.
It's worth a watch thanks to its small pleasures (...) such as the acting, the special effects, and it's thematic content...[Full review in Spanish]
Josh Hutcherson almost steals the movie from Jennifer Lawrence, who unfortunately doesn't have much to do, because well, not much actually happens in Mockingjay
While it is not as fast-paced as its predecessors, this is however, essential for fans of the series.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part One is very good indeed and all the better for featuring no Hunger Games at all.
The action audience may wish for less talking and more mayhem - but Mockingjay does enough as a transitional film, while getting us amped for what's to come.
[Mockingjay] is a strong story featuring a strong heroine, both trying to make their way through the ugly world that produced it.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 is as wanting for substance as it is craving more punctuation marks that glitter when they venture into the sunlight.
We're still waiting for the second half of the story, and until we get to see the whole thing, the force of its impact is getting greatly diminished.
[Mockingjay Part 1] is quite good - if also the darkest and least accommodating in the series so far.
With Mockingjay Part 1, it's evolved into the rarest of breeds: a series that can carry sober and frightening messages about violence, gracefully and even beautifully.
This is certainly a film adults can get into. The explosions, propaganda techniques, and unrest are a reminder of a history not entirely out of reach; a world and society all too realistic. for many living today.
It expands its dystopian universe in a way that's both thrilling to its young target audience as well as developing the social and political problems facing Panem in a way that's rather satisfying.
You couldn't really describe it as a fun, uplifting way to spend your evening, but more than either of its predecessors, Mockingjay Part 1 makes it clear why the Hunger Games continues to strike a nerve.
At its best, this half-Mockingjay details a kind of unhealthy propaganda therapy as Katniss and Peeta head toward their inevitable reunion. But it's not really enough to sustain a satisfying two-hour feature.
Before the war come the debates, and this blockbuster has enough intelligence to adequately prepare its troops for battle.
Considering the 'Hunger Games'' teen demographic, a somber, dark, political drama/grimy-bunker flick would seem guaranteed to adversely affect the holy Hollywood bottom line.
It may be the franchise's third movie, but it plays like its 'Empire Strikes Back.'
It's still highly watchable, mainly because of the cast and the pawn-or-plotter dilemma that thrusts itself into Katniss's anxious existence. But.. it's hard not to feel that the material has been spread out too thin.
Half a story stretched far too thin with a cast that has neither reason nor opportunity to stretch themselves.
Even when it's lacking in atmosphere and texture, Mockingjay still captivates thanks to the momentum it's constantly building.
This is the darkest and edgiest of the three Hunger Games movies, and the most satisfying.
Everyone is already on board with this saga or they're not, and this movie won't change anybody's minds. Since I'm one of the people who's on board, I'll be sticking around to see what the filmmakers do with the series' end.
Mockingjay, Part 1 might be the least of the films so far, but in dissecting the typical blockbuster film, it's staying true to that spirit.
The Hunger Games movies have hit that emotional note, pitting Peeta against Gale, distracting Katniss with young-adultish emotional havoc. Whether it distracts you is the question.
It's Lawrence who drives this thing, and she's riveting. She's the one who carries the pic's emotional weight, expertly conveying Katniss's maturity and growing resolve.
Thank heavens, then, for Lawrence. Even though the storyline lacks conviction, she has the passionate intensity of the kind of leader you might just be willing to follow into one more film.
Mockingjay Part 1 is a thoughtful, smart blockbuster of weight sure to challenge its younger target audience and entertain grown-ups too.
When your protagonist is watching the third act of your movie play out on a TV monitor, you should know you have a problem.
Mockingjay Part 1's biggest problem is that it really feels like half a movie.
I appreciated its more downbeat intellectual grasp of how wars can be fought through film and media.
A very odd film that ends as abruptly as it begins, so I guess we must all tune in next year to find out if it actually amounts to anything. This is just how big movies work now.
A franchise inches toward its conclusion
It may not have the visual panache of the first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
They didn't go full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't harmed by a short-term money grab.
Increasingly, in a world of ISIS, we know evil exists and is not going away. Maybe we need symbols to inspire us.
"The Hunger Games" are almost over. We are near the end. And, I see a world where all are dandified with smelly leotards and jazzy wigs. It's the future, baby.
... Francis Lawrence... and screenwriters Peter Craig and Danny Strong turn out a surprisingly engaging film about rebellion, propaganda, media, and the emotional and psychological scars of war...
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
Although well-acted, cleverly executed, and spiked with a couple of series-high moments, Mockingjay, Part 1 is not nearly as exciting as the films that preceded it
That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
A solid lead-up to the finale.
As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
To borrow the term from a friend, this latest instalment in the Hunger Games series is suffering from "part-one-itis."
Doesn't make us want to see more final films split into two parts, but it makes the decision to do so in this instance feel absolutely warranted.
This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax. In other words, it's a drag.
a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't necessarily make it any easier to slog through
In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
Better than the first, not as good as the second.
So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
We'll have to wait another 12 months to see if Katniss' story finally comes to a satisfying, if cynical, conclusion.
The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors. The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't seen those films.
Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
The converted will be satisfied, or at least show up to the theater in obeisant force. Money will be made and anticipation stoked for next year's blowout finale. It's a circle-vicious to some, a religion to others-with no end in sight.
It doesn't pull the trick off quite as slickly as it should, but it never fails to engage us and more importantly, it leaves us wanting more.
A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
Weak source material split into two films for no creative advantage only results in a disappointing artistic decision ruled by financial greed. The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst. It don't got no bounce.
I was afraid this was going to be another case where a greedy studio doing a book adaptation managed to screw things up by splitting a book in half, ending up with a movie with half a story, but this one works out O.K.
It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait. And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
Dark and too often tedious.
The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze. We must wait another year for release.
A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
Enjoy counting the cash, Lionsgate.
There's no worry about spoilers, because there's nothing to spoil. If anything, it's the movie that's spoiled from too much padding.
Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull. There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
The movie is leaden and uneventful, clearly marking time for Part 2 to deliver the big action set pieces and the dramatic consequences of Katniss' choices.
Spends an inordinate amount of time teaching Katniss the importance of propaganda. Really? If I wanted to learn about propaganda film-making I'd watch a documentary on Leni Riefenstahl
To be honest, Mockingjay Part 1 is probably the weakest of the three so far, but if this is as bad as it gets, that is still something of a triumph.
Jennifer Lawrence is the only actor of her age equipped to convey Katniss' burden.
One of the year's smartest, boldest blockbusters, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 treats its audience with respect and assumes we have high expectations - and it more than delivers the goods.
Melancholy, violent sequel sets stage for waging war.
Just like Catching Fire, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I is one long and boring journey leading to one surprising moment that isn't worth the two hours it takes to get to its destination.
Might it have been better if they'd squeezed the whole book into one movie? Probably. Nonetheless, Mockingjay Part 1 is a fine entertainment, shot through with moments of surprising emotional impact.
A solid entry in the series, and lays an intriguing foundation for Part 2, but Mockingjay - Part 1 is rarely as entertaining or rewarding as its predecessors.
Though I completely understand the thought process behind the decision, there simply isn't enough action in "Part 1" to justify a separate movie.
I was bored.
Lawrence never lets the oversized settings swamp his talented performers.
With Mockingjay - Part I, the series becomes a clever commentary on the genre it helped cement.
There's dramatic tension, a good deal of emotion, and one heck of a setup for the next movie. But frequently this warm-up seems like it's huffing and puffing without generating a lot of real heat.
May not work on a stand-alone level, but if you've become invested in the series, it's an important, thoughtful bridge between what has already happened and what is yet to come.
Mockingjay succeeds where the book failed
To say Lawrence is a terrific actress wouldn't even scratch the surface, as she deserves high praise for somehow making an uninteresting Part 1 watchable.
Lawrence's performance roils with stress and fear, as it did in the first two films, and director Francis Lawrence stays with her, up close, from start to finish, visually mirroring the script's examination of Katniss's cult of personality.
Dour, dreary, disappointing installment, milking every last dime out of the franchise's devoted following.
A heady action drama that minimizes the dull romantic triangle. ... Enough satisfying story movement to stand as a complete chapter.
Hollow, emotionally constipated, and unexpectedly sluggish.
Jennifer Lawrence's charisma and the the sly excellence of her supporting cast keep "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1" aloft.
It's hard to make a good blockbuster about a hero being virtually useless.
Not even the ferociously talented Jennifer Lawrence, whose greatest skill is breathing life into lifeless material, can work her magic here.
This four-part franchise, based on the Suzanne Collins novels, turns very dark with this strikingly bold third film, which once again makes the most of perspective to recount a parable about normal people rising up against oppression.
I'm not here to mock "Mockingjay Part 1," and can state with confidence that it can only go up from here, (yet) this entire exercise seems merely a hurdle that must be jumped in order to move onto the conclusion.
It's not as snooze worthy as the first part of "Harry Potter's" finale, but that's the only good news out of Mockingjay Part One.
...a shameless cash-grab designed to extend the life of this profitable series.
'Mockingjay, Part 1" is only half awesome because it is only half a movie. Suzanne Collins' final book in the trilogy has been segmented into two films, massacring the momentum the previous films had delicately built.
Mockingjay has more exposition than a TED Talk, more rubble than a decade of The Flintstones, and absolutely no nonmonetary reason to be Part 1 of anything. It isn't storytelling. It's a filibuster.
The vast majority of credit for 'The Hunger Games' franchise should go to the cast, and most importantly to Jennifer Lawrence, without whom this sucker would surely crash and burn.
The end result is a serving of dystopian-pop entertainment lifted over the middling mark by the humanity supplied by the cast.
Mockingjay is by far the bleakest of the movies so far. Yet this first part of the last book in the Suzanne Collins series may also be the most potent.
As an actress, Lawrence has grown beyond this sort of thing, and the entire enterprise, directed by Francis Lawrence, feels like a massive placeholder for the grand finale.
This installment substitutes psychological action for physical thrills.
Mockingjay - Part 1 is just big enough of a story that, even as a two-parter, the film feels substantial and justifiably halved. There's simply too much to digest as all the pieces are put into place and the real games are set to begin.
Katniss' concern for the anti-sexy Peeta results in her spending quite a bit of the movie in po-faced mopery.
I'd be lying if I said that it could stand on its own. That, of course, is the difference between a good sequel and a good movie.
The book's critics say this the weakest of the three novels. True or not, the ultra slow Mockingjay - Part 1 is part one of a story that definitely doesn't warrant two parts.
Katniss proves she can handle the action as it spills out of the arena. Binge viewing is encouraged...
This is the "Empire Strikes Back" of the series, with the heroes constantly on defense - running, hiding, planning, hoping.
This is filler in every way you can look at it. Good filler, but still filler.
Mockingjay Part 1 is a hideously boring, bleak film. They've taken thirty minutes of plot, then stretched it out like taffy into an insufferable two hours.
This transitional effort's teething problems aside, it's crammed with well-drawn characters and intelligent ideas, meaning the franchise remains as robust and rule-breaking as its idiosyncratic protagonist.
The effect of so many Oscar-calibre actors speaking the generic dialogue is like watching pro ballplayers play T-ball.
"Mockingjay - Part 1," however well done, can't compete with the first two films, although it sets up what should be its stunning ending well enough.
The series' powerful momentum hardly slows at all during "Mockingjay Part 1," carried through by Suzanne Collins persuasive (and still alarmingly downbeat) vision, and by the chops of the performers ...
If Mockingjay - Part 1 is quieter and less flashy than its predecessors, that doesn't make it less satisfying.
Once you accept that the splitting of Mockingjay is a business decision, not a dramatic imperative, Part 1 comes off as a curiously satisfying nonaction movie.
With one more film to go, it's clear that the filmmakers are saving their big guns, and big battles, for next year's finale. For the most part, this penultimate episode is dour, dark and talky: jaw, jaw rather than war, war .
Captivating as both drama and allegory, and may even one-up the previous two entries in terms of its force of will and emotional complexity.
The greedy money grab for four movies rather than three is the epicenter of the film's problems.
Jennifer Lawrence is as good as always and gets a few key scenes to play up the emotional aspect of what's occurring. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Although Jennifer Lawrence hasn't earned an Oscar for her performances as Katniss Everdeen, no one can mock her 'Hunger Games' role.
Lawrence's conviction and presence is what anchors the film and makes the wildest absurdities of the storyline work.
It seems just one very elaborate preparation for the last episode and I do think that the fans have been conned, to a certain extent, that this episode has been split into two.
The strength of this third manifestation of The Hunger Games is in the cast and in the screenplay.
May be essential to series fans, but it feels more like a TV series arc episode than a feature film.
The third episode in the teen franchise is darker, deeper and braver.
When director Francis Lawrence takes chances by moving away from the book, the film sparkles.
As played by Hutcherson, [Peeta] has all the charisma of the least interesting member of the Yale crew team. Three movies in, [his bond with Katniss appears] more desperately theoretical than ever.
Considering the restrictions of only telling half a story, though, Mockingjay is as every bit as good as could be expected.
Just as the messianic rebel leader Katniss Everdeen has found her footing, the hit "Hunger Games" film series has become more assured with its latest installment.
The overwhelming theme? Don't trust grown-ups
This is as grim as PG-13 can get; the darkness is comparable to that of The Empire Strikes Back.
It's solid, though it's the least inspired of the three films to date, existing primarily as a bridge between the second film and the finale.
Skips the exhilarating games of the first two films and matures into a thought-provoking blockbuster that further distances the franchise from its would-be YA competition.
The Girl On Fire has gone up in smoke.
Lawrence delivers on what dramatic beats half a novel affords him. You just wish there were more of them and that they provided a more complete, more satisfying story arc.
Collins and the Lawrences have crossed the uncanny valley separating imagined dystopia from actual horrors, but they're also delivering a life lesson in cinema to teens: Things are stronger when they look real.
The Hunger Games is declining in power, but not as steeply as I thought, and this weird, operatic nightmare still inhabits the screen with confidence.
Is it worth sitting through this movie knowing full well that almost everything exciting and engaging is being saved for the finale? The answer is a qualified, with many reservations, "Yes."
It's a well-executed, occasionally daring exploration of war, propaganda, and guilt that's easy to watch, but occasionally difficult to stomach.
OK, there's less action in Games this time, but what's there is prime. And the acting is aces.
We can almost hear this revolution's resounding rallying cry: 'Hurry up and wait!'
If it's more talky and less satisfying than its predecessor, the propulsive The Hunger Games: Catching Fire - largely because the conclusion won't come until next year with Part 2 - it's still a sporadically involving adventure.
Katniss is treated as a pawn when she's clearly a queen, her image constantly co-opted by entities beyond her control trying to use it for their own ends. No wonder Lawrence plays her so well.
Lawrence and Banks do their best, but this film is a big, murky bore.
Katniss has little to do but react to the actions of others, though she does get to blow stuff up with her bow and enjoy a literal save the cat moment.
All the moving parts operate seamlessly in 'Mockingjay;' the first half of 'The Hunger Games' Trilogy. This is a series that gets better with each installment.
The impressive supporting cast (which features Philip Seymour Hoffman, Julianne Moore, Jeffrey Wright, and Woody Harrelson) keeps this highly watchable.
Where Catching Fire seemed fresh and fun, Mockingjay gets stuck in a cycle of titillation, suggesting more than it's willing to offer, as it introduces big ideas before cautiously reverting back to a repetitive cycle of tired teen tropes.
It makes for lumpy storytelling that never quite hits its stride.
The characters, once fresh and immediate creations, move like solemn chess pieces across the screen. Each scene, once tight and energized, feels sluggish and protracted. The crisp dialogue, now flabby and perfunctory, fails to propel the narrative along.
Audiences have a long year to wait for Part 2. Would it not have been better to leave them breathless than heaving a sigh?
Part 1 is the rare adaptation that also solves a bunch of its source material's problems... But frustratingly, Part 1 is very much that: a preface to a final confrontation.
There's enough here to at least keep fans of the series involved and eagerly awaiting the grand finale.
"Mockingjay" is a rare bird in its genre, an action adventure with an interesting mind and a resonant spirit.
There's plenty of foreshadowing of what is to come but the story doesn't so much come to an end as have an intermission.
Lethally slow and repetitive, this warm-up act for the grand finale may please diehards but it feels like a Coming Attraction.
More politically-driven than its predecessors, the feature manages to keep the story's momentum going while giving more attention to its supporting characters.
Jennifer Lawrence holds everything together, ensuring by her sheer presence that you are willing to stick with it to the bitter end even as it feels that everything is in a holding position waiting for take off.
Although it doesn't make a lick of sense as a stand-alone story, "Mockingjay - Part 1" is the first "Hunger Games" movie with meat on its bones.
Although the great performances and promise of what's to come help offset the listless pacing and general needlessness of splitting the final book into two movies, the whole thing feels like one giant tease for "Part 2."
This dark-and-dour installment suffers from saga sag, which is the effort of the Hollywood studios to stretch a stirring girl power series with a monster fan-base beyond reasonable limits for the sake of lucre.
The major handicap of Mockingjay - Part 1 is that just that -- part one of two films made from one book.
The second-to-last movie pitfalls strike, but the series has earned enough good faith to make Part 1 essential viewing.
"The Hunger Games" has turned into a cliff hanger serial with long waits for the next installment, but the overall quality of the cast and production still earn it a grudging respect.
After its first two terrific installments, the newest edition of "The Hunger Games" left me hungry, like a feast that's stunningly prepared but flavorless and non-nutritious.
IMockingjay's placeholder status is a little too evident in its choppy, shapeless structure, this dark third chapter does have stretches of somber beauty.
Mockingjay - Part 1 is as dingy and dark as Blade Runner, but just as fascinating. No more party dresses catching fire. No more fantasy games. In their place is a war tableau that seems realistic, even if this is a futuristic fantasy film.
Although unmistakeably laying the groundwork for the finale, there is - for a series ostensibly aimed at adolescent girls - more genuine tension and bona fide thrills than Iron Man, Thor and Captain America rolled into one.
"Mockingjay Part 1" is streamlined, blunt and easy.
More often than not, Lawrence stands with jaw slack and brow scrunched, staring ahead to a murky future, one that won't be resolved until, oh, about this time next year.
Jennifer Lawrence is stuck in a crowded bunker for two hours, waiting for the action to start. That's how you'll feel watching this movie.
With no real beginning and no real ending, the unsatisfying Mockingjay Part 1 is essentially all middle -- one big, stretched out, watered-down second act.
The stealth highlight of this franchise has always been the flavorful cultural satire, which takes center stage throughout much of Mockingjay's fleet runtime.
"Mockingjay - Part 1" is a penultimate chapter without a real ending, but it's also a thrilling ride full of potent emotions, new characters and major twists of fate, built around another commanding star performance.
You leave this well-acted, impeccably designed movie as you entered it: still waiting.
Mockingjay may lack the action and excitement of the previous two movies, but it makes up for it in greater emotional and thematic resonance.
That Mockingjay maintains such a high level while evolving from a futuristic war film into a straight-up political thriller is an incredible achievement, even if it comes at the expense of the action some have come to expect.
DIVING back into the dystopian world of Panem and its arrow-firing heroine Katniss Everdeen continues to be a heady and exhilarating experience.
Turns out when Collins wrote Mockingjay in 2010, she was predicting not only America in two centuries but also the accidental, overnight Internet instafame just four years away.
The revolution isn't just televised in the latest Hunger Games instalment; it's subdivided.
The film ultimately rests on Lawrence, and though she never disappoints, a single actress -- even one as lovely and lovable as she -- cannot save a blockbuster film.
Complexo, inteligente e tristemente contemporâneo.
This is the way modern-day blockbuster franchises are designed: You watch the new film so that you know what's going on in preparation for the next one
Mockingjay - Part 1 does get a mid-film lift when Katniss and Gale go up against Snow's air force with a few bows and arrows; the scene is ridiculous, and it works. But the rest is a muddy, underlit slog, a movie that searches in vain for its own pulse.
Table setting for a meal that won't be served until next November.
For all that 'Mockingjay' gets right, when the credits roll, you're still only halfway through the story, and the two hours or so feel more like a chapter than a complete whole.
When the story finally does manage to get interesting toward the end, it just screeches to a halt and cuts off, leaving fans wriggling on the hook for a finale they won't get to see for another 12 months. That's not a cliff-hanger, that's just a tease.
Lawrence shines. It's the rare actor who can show so much rage, hate, pain and hope in a single look. But she does.
... the franchise continues to entertain and evolve, not perfectly but smartly, so we can't wait to see what's next. That's what counts when all is said, done and deposited in the bank.
It's a joyless, surpassingly dour enterprise, but one that fulfills its mission with Katniss's own eagle-eyed efficiency and unsentimental somberness. "Mockingjay" sets up the end Game with a grim sense of purpose.
Is there enough here to keep us interested? Yes, but there's a frustrating sense of time being marked in much of "Part 1" and the script often veers into no-duh territory.
Director Francis Lawrence does a nice job capturing the claustrophobic environment of District 13 and has a good eye for action shots. But the actors are what really sell the movie.
The least satisfying "Hunger Games" entry yet.
As a metaphor for the way we respond to the media, and the way our politics are funneled through the media lens, the film succeeds most when it revels in ambiguity.
Lawrence, ever commanding and vulnerable, even delivers a song in a smoky voice that's vaguely reminiscent of Norah Jones. Place those EGOT 2025 bets now.
As an adaptation of part of the third book by Suzanne Collins, it's easily the most political of the three films. It's also the most absorbing and best in the series.
Mockingjay - Part 1 is a serviceable entry into the conclusion of Katniss's saga. It boasts some imaginative visuals, a few truly thrilling moments, and standout performances from Lawrence, Banks, Harrelson, and Hoffman, to whom the film is dedicated.
A dull, claustrophobic, pallid-looking film about people looking into and talking at screens. When the end finally comes, it's from out of nowhere, except it's not really an ending, more like a work stoppage.
For a film about the power of media to sway humanity in a desired direction, it's awfully leaden.
This is a movie best enjoyed on a scene-by-scene basis, because the overall story is really a bit of a mess.
A dark, grim and exciting entertainment.
Without giving anything away, let's just say the pause button has been pressed with tantalising precision. Same time next year, then? You bet.
In this chapter, Katniss Everdeen, the working-class rebel played by Jennifer Lawrence, mostly holsters her weapons and plays dress-up, just as the movie itself gives up any higher aspirations of offering social commentary or insight.
As transitional, franchise placeholder movies go, Mockingjay - Part 1 could be a lot worse. But it's still just a preamble to the big show. So let's get on with it.
Even though Mockingjay contains scenes of mass graves and mass slaughter on the battlefield, this isn't a movie, or a set of characters, built on bloodlust or the enjoyment of anonymous kills.
Yes, there is the usual teacup storm of romance, a girl caught between two boys, as in the Twilight series, but The Hunger Games offers teenagers a much more important set of questions to ponder.
Nothing more than a prelude to next year's finale. The material is way too thin to sustain two movies.
Jennifer Lawrence and a lot of blah blah blah.
We're meant to feel the weight of Katniss' situation, and we do, but the picture can also fairly be called leaden...
I took my 14-year-old niece to see it, and she emphatically expressed "Oh my God! It was amazing!" You can't beat that.
Thinly spreads a half-hour's worth of plot over two plodding hours.
If you want drama, and action - and, most especially, Katniss in charge - well, buy another ticket, next year.
There are moments when "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1" takes flight, but overall this action-drama flits about, wondering where to land.
Dull, dark and relentlessly glum.
I remain impressed, and I'm excited to see how they bring it all home a year from now.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 often plays like a waiting game, but it solidifies the star and ideas of the franchise as the true heroes behind the YA phenomenon.
We'll never know if there was a more visual way to convey this story. The filmmakers didn't have to. They just got the time to throw everything at the screen.
What was a tamed rip-off of the gory 'Battle Royale' becomes more like Steven Soderbergh's 'Che': a cerebral look at the gruntwork of revolution - with the YA-required threeway love story, of course.
What do you get when you greedily split a book in two? Long-winded filler with only pockets of tense action. Or, in Hunger Games terms: all smoke, no Girl on Fire.
Grey and grim, this really isn't kids' stuff, but the kids won't be deterred.
Mockingjay merits the split - it perhaps even gives some balance and rhythm to a story that might've felt rushed were the events crammed into a single movie.
Lawrence's instincts are so smart that she never goes even a shade overboard. She's a hell of an actress.
A disappointing follow-up to 'Catching Fire.' You're left feeling as if you've only watched half a movie without the same feeling of anticipation to see what happens next.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is going to be one hell of a film. In its current form as Mockingjay Part 1, it's half of one.
Capitalising on the Jennifer Lawrence factor, Part 1 will please the fans, although there is too much padding around the key thrilling sequence; the film would have been more complete had the two parts of the split finale been merged.
It's the blockbuster reimagined for a modern age of social consciousness, in which having the right idea means nothing if you can't also make a meme out of it.
Thrilling in its own right, but not as thrilling as what we sense is to come, this is a tasty appetizer for the main event with a nice line in sardonic satire and, as ever, a belting lead performance from Jennifer Lawrence.
The two-hour foot-soldier slog through Mockingjay Part 1 forces audiences into mostly wasteful waiting for something special to happen.
One of the best SF series ever deepens its critique of the power of propaganda in ways complicated, intriguingly contradictory, and a little bit horrifying.
The power of emotions in filmmaking is at the heart of this beautifully constructed and self-aware blockbuster. Can't wait for Mockingjay 2.
It might make economic sense for Lionsgate Pictures to carve the novel in two but it means this movie is all built-up with a distinct lack of excitement.
I wait with almost-bated breath for part two, a year from now. But I wish I didn't have to.
The politics of Mockingjay are as intensely gripping as the games in the earlier films -- and more deadly.
The drama and tone are powerful and effective and Lawrence makes an exceptionally charismatic heroine, but an almost total lack of action means this is less catching fire than treading water.
The film-makers have kept Collins's best lines, allowing Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson, as Katniss's two love rivals, to show off their genuine acting skills.
Lawrence is again tremendous as Katniss. She gives her character an emotional depth that you don't expect in a franchise movie, conveying her vulnerability and doubt as well as well as her fiery determination and Barbarella-like sex appeal.
Mockingjay is, of course, fundamentally meant to be an engaging piece of entertainment... However, it's also a story in which the protagonist can be looked at as not just an unlikely hero, but a deconstruction of what a hero is or is meant to be.
Finds its success in meaningful themes, character-driven story, and smart execution, and ultimately creates some impressive depth for the phenomenon franchise.
Thrilling, heartfelt, and a terrific curtain-raiser for the final battle, Mockingjay Part 1 takes the Hunger Games series to new heights even as it sings in its own voice.
The Hunger Games films are strikingly brilliant critiques of the military-entertainment complex.
The series' two-part finale gets under way in solid, absorbing if not exactly inspired fashion.
While this Part 1 is light on old-fashioned adventure it does offer up a tough - and at times moving - transition for its lead character.
The special effects are limp and the script a little creaky, although somehow it still manages to thrill.
With measure and muscle, Lawrences Jennifer and Francis nail the job of selling the long, twisting road towards revolution.
Like an overgrown and bloated trailer for a film yet to come, Francis Lawrence's The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 spreads perhaps 45 minutes of dramatic material across two far-too-leisurely hours.
Still very much a Hunger Games movie, yes, but it calls to mind smart political comedies like Wag the Dog and Tanner '88 as well.
As terrific as that first act is and as mostly entertaining as what follows is, Hunger Games: Catching Fire part I is half of a single story and mostly concerned with setting up however the series ends.
All queue, no roller-coaster.
Stylish, gripping and surprisingly thoughtful.
The Empire Strikes Back of the Hunger Games series.
Mockingjay Part 1 is a powerful, moving, penultimate chapter.

@highlight

The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 sets up the franchise finale with a penultimate chapter loaded with solid performances and smart political subtext, though it comes up short on the action front.