Truth be told, just going along with the shenanigans makes Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse a mildly enjoyable experience
The raunch-zom-com falls far short of a film with any modicum of brains.
It's played for laughs -- of course it is -- and there's no denying there are one or two to be had. But it's poorly acted, production values are low and, taste-wise, the makers could never be accused of setting the bar too high.
You can't have high expectations with a title like this.
I had trouble believing Landon and company were going to be able to pull this type of horror-comedy hybrid off. But they do, more or less, the strengths of the performances and the number of solid laughs winning me over.
Scouts offers a few laughs and some nicely gooey practical effects, but there's really not a lot to recommend it.
Fails to breathe new life into the zombie genre.
Scouts dances a mostly successful line in splatter gore and gross-out humour, [earning] itself a sleeve-full of merit badges.
Zombie Apocalypse is as dumb as a box of rocks, and as spectacularly violent as you'd expect.
If comedy horror that mines silliness and genitals for humour is your idea of hell, this will bring you close to suffering. But if you're a fan of the genre, I think you might rather like it.
Of course the movie lacks any sort of logic, but why does that matter if we've never seen an actual zombie horde? Better to enjoy the action and forget that it's not supposed to be a work of art. [Full Review in Spanish]
RIDICULOUS and funny, this Scouts versus zombies movie is a gigglefest of gore.
Demerit badges all round.
The film delivers the kind of entertainment fit for a certain maturity level; your inner seventeen-year-old may enjoy this more than you'd care to admit, and against your better judgement.
Beyond its tardy, fitful contribution to the undead evolution, this teen flick's apparently never heard of the actual women's revolution. So we're treated to some B-horror fun here and there, increasingly buzzkilled by horny-moan, male-it-in humour.
A tremendously intelligent and heartfelt example of how to properly balance bawdy humor and horror, Scouts Guide is the most fun I've had with a studio film in some time and proves there are still ways to make zombies interesting and enjoyable.
Entertains with gross out humor, hilarious one-liners, and an action packed climax I was pulled in to.
Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse does not seek to compete against higher profile zombie movies, but it turns out much more satisfying and entertaining than most of them. [Full Review in Spanish]
Inspite of how disgusting it could be, this is a fun movie, specially for teenagers. [Full review in Spanish]
Scouts Guide isn't good enough to qualify as a guilty pleasure but it gets an extra mark or two just for its zombie cats... that's something you don't see in The Walking Dead.
Politically incorrect. excesive, raunchy, and in bad taste, but it's very funny. [Full review in Spanish]
It's like if you grabbed The Walking Dead and American Pie and mashed them together with fun, sexy and surprisingly hillarious results. [Full review in Spanish]
An uneven yet passable horror comedy...
Coarsely explicit groin-centric slapstick and trendy 'zompocalypse' theme aside, this is a surprisingly lively and agreeably goofy throwback to the 'Fright Night'-style teen horror comedies of the 1980s.
93 minutes with not many laughs or scares. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is full of tasteless humor, poop and sexist jokes all over. [Full review in Spanish]
The Scouts' Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse is a one joke movie, like all genre splices before it, but it's a good joke - if a little laboured. A comedy with a contagious sense of fun.
If you aren't a stoned teenage boy, then consider sitting out Christopher "Son of Michael" Landon's new film. This isn't for you.
The best "scouts" movie since Moonrise Kingdom and this time with zombies. What more could you ask for? [Full review in Spanish]
It doesn't break the mold, but good pacing an a good balance of comedy and gore make this a good movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Imagine Shaun Of the Dead, only with a packet of no-name American teen noodles in the lead roles, and jokes so laugh-resistant they could cover the planet in tumbleweeds.
Very silly but highly enthusiastic.
Simply having a trio of put-upon geeks at the centre of the movie doesn't offset the retrograde nature of the material.
Definitely only a movie for devoted genre fans and who can appreciate the charms of unapologetic B-grade fare. It's silly, crass and meaningless. But damn, it's funny.
Putrefied audiences may get a few yucks from the crass schoolboy blend of tits and offal, but connoisseurs will opt for the much funnier Cockneys vs Zombies.
Wall-to-wall fun...this good-natured splatterfest [is] a good, gory time with lots of laughs and digitally assisted dismemberment.
Simply entertaining cinema, with an irreverence and exuberance which makes for a film that will have you laughing out loud on several instances.
As zombies' heads are shot off and feral cats and even more feral old ladies prey on the hapless adolescent heroes, you can't help but warm to the cheery irreverence of the storytelling.
Be prepared...for some good, vulgar fun.
If the film lacks bite and panache, it's still true to the spirit of predecessors like Re-Animator and Zombieland in its fondness for wild horror and terrible taste laughs.
There's this one shot, almost seven seconds long... [that] is just a huge pair of breasts, up close, in slow-mo, bouncing "hilariously" on camera. I know -- breasts are so funny like that, aren't they?
A likable horror-comedy with a satisfyingly high splatter count.
Scouts Guide proves profoundly unsatisfying, a mishmash of tones and gags that you've seen done better, elsewhere, many times before.
Cheerfully offensive ...
One of the most sexist movies I've ever seen. Male juvenile fantasy at its most tired, its most obvious, its most banal, and its most infuriating.
The gags are as tired as the genre, which at this point, has been done to death - and beyond.
Yeah, I've seen worse, but that could be said of many things without suggesting anyone else should.
This is a Z grade idea with a C grade budget and B grade delivery.
It really adds something new to the zombie genre and there's no doubt a lot of people will become fans after seeing it. [Full review in Spanish]
It took four screenwriters to craft this lazy genre entry, which steals the premise and structure of Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg's 2004 masterwork but doesn't understand it at all.
Whatever virtues this film may have will be lost on anyone far out of puberty.
The writing team are focused on the juvenile, with gross-out gags galore, and the effects crew have a field day with some inventive blood spattering.
Will make you want to punch the nearest teenage boy in the face.
An extremely fun film with no pretentions other than entertain you. [Full review in Spanish]
As horror, "Scouts Guide" is too frivolous to thrill. As comedy, it leans too much on scenes that see the teens groping big-breasted topless zombies or the beasties sexually molesting young girls.
Sloppy, obvious, and highly immature, but it does manage to shine in one or two sequences.
The gags are mostly puerile and uninspired - like the film was dreamed up by a bunch of tired, wired 13-year-olds; it has their insistence but little of their invention.
...as a film about rites of passage, specifically those when generally nice if dweeby boys pick up weapons and thus command the attention of hot blondes, it ends up being more than just sophomoric. It's also disquieting, and depressing.
Better than expected zombie movie spoof. Gory, fun and funny.
These days you can barely swing a chainsaw without hitting a zombie-based movie or TV show, but Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse doesn't further the undead cause one iota.
SCOUTS GUIDE TO THE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE accomplishes what it is striving for much of the time, which is little more than a crazy zombie flick with sex.
The end result is an okay movie that has some decent scares and a few good laughs.
No merit badge for Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse.
This is a hugely entertaining zom-com that's likely to pick up a devoted cult following amongst genre fans, thanks to a winning combination of crudity, gore and laughs.
After decades of well-trodden zombie tropes, a successful zombie movie has to be at least one of three things: a) original b) funny or c) actually scary. Scouts Guide To The Zombie Apocalypse doesn't earn a merit badge in any one of those categories.
"Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" will test your optimism.
A run-of-the-mill zombie movie that the filmmakers hope is buoyed by ridiculously sophomoric humor - but even that doesn't really work.
Paced well and ultimately delivers for those who like their yucks served up with plenty of yuks a la "Zombieland" and the "Evil Dead" movies. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
This is idiocy from soup to nuts, devoid of any clever ideas, meaningful performances or memorable set pieces.
Traditionally zombie movies are valued for their clever satire. This gross-out zom-com aims a bit lower.
It's the best public relations boost Scouting has had since it ended its ban on gay leaders, not to mention a pretty decent zombie film.
It's the overall fatigue and predictability of "Scouts Guide" that ultimately weighs it down, refusing to let 'er rip with a concept that invites sustained mayhem and sharper jokes.
It's all too dumb and ribald for most tastes, but if you liked all the zombie comedies that came before, well, here's another one.
The flick is an artless, puerile shadow of the likes of Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg's Cornetto trilogy.
Scouts Guide To The Zombie Apocalypse ain't your daddy's zombie movie - quite literally. It's a genre film built for younger audiences who will embrace every moment of the dub-stepping chaos, but might not be suited for more refined tastes.
The film falls prey to the zombie curse of excessive laddishness, but at least it finds room for a strong female character.
One must grudgingly admit that the movie knows exactly what it wants to be ... It's just that it's a bland, anonymous, and crude state of being.
"Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" is exactly what you'd expect. But better.
If your idea of a hot joke is a strip club called "Lawrence of Alabia," step right up to "Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse," a horror-comedy that takes a weak premise (do high school boys even go scouting anymore?) and barely uses it, anyway.
The result is a movie that's outrageous without being funny, and gruesome without being scary.
At the end of the film you realize it's simply just a pubescent male fantasy.
Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse manages to be a very good comedy, a scary adventure, a tale of friendship and a coming of age story, all rolled into one.
We ... get zombie diarrhea jokes, zombie fat jokes, zombie selfie jokes, zombie cat-lady jokes, and zombie stripper jokes. And when all of this starts to seem too crass, out come the clichéd lessons ...
Would play fine on a digital platform, but doesn't belong on the big screen despite a few solid gags.
Well, it's got that title going for it. So there's that.
A deeply irritating horror-comedy that might have worked as a "Funny or Die" short but which is pretty much DOA as a feature-length concern.
Genre fans close in age to the characters depicted onscreen should be appreciative of the enjoyably familiar mix of inspired comedy moments, smart zingers, grossout gags and nudity ...
The Scouts save the day, but not the movie, in this witless zombie-comedy retread.
Too often revels in juvenile gags involving poop and penises, but you can see shards of the film it might have been.
"Superbad" with Scouts. And zombies. Lots of laughs, just not quite enough to pay off.

@highlight

Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse fails to live up to its intriguingly wacky title, instead delivering yet another zombie comedy-thriller with a tired T&amp;A twist.