has a knack for sniffing out our dark areas without pity
Unpredictable and hugely entertaining.
A movie that rewards your intelligence and curiosity.
As a documentary, unethical, disturbing, and completely irresponsible, but as black comedy...
The film's jokes just aren't that funny.
You know you're in trouble when baseballer-turned-ratfink Jose Canseco isn't the sleaziest thing in your movie.
A sly skewering of class warfare ... and a pitch-perfect indictment of what idiots men are.
Mail Order Wife is a con. A good con, it's true, but like all cons it leaves a sour taste once the trick is revealed.
The filmmakers maintain the illusion of low-budget cinema verite to the extent that audiences may be unsure whether to laugh or shudder...
More an exercise in sustaining a style than a satisfying emotional experience. The men are all self-centered boors, and the women, it turns out, aren't much better. There's nobody in this movie to root for or care about.
Strange, often silly mockumentary.
Like a Farrelly Brothers movie, Mail Order Wife tries to be both politically correct and incorrect at the same time. The results are entertaining, but may cause uneasy mixed feelings.
A very funny and perfectly creepy study of objectification and romantic obsession.
It took gifted hucksters to make this movie.
Co-directors Huck Botko and Andrew Gurland, who appear as earnest documentary filmmakers of the same name, pull it off by never winking at the audience or signaling in any fashion that this isn't a true story.
Finally breaks down under the weight of its twists and turns, but mostly maintains a creepy fascination with its scuzzy characters.
Captures the conventions and pretensions of fly-on-the-wall docus with wicked accuracy.
Mail Order Wife is astonishingly cruel, and I say that in a good way.
Return to sender.
As for Gurland, well, if this fictional version of himself is at all like the real thing, I'm worried about the guy. But I hope he keeps making movies as gutsy, discomforting and slyly uproarious.
A remarkably smart and weird film, even if it's sad and sometimes difficult to watch, with jokes designed to make you cringe.
The result, a dissection of the complicated dynamics of sexual and economic exploitation, is pitiless and occasionally inspired.
It looks like a documentary, but filmmakers Huck Botko and Andrew Gurland are hunting something fierce and darkly funny.
Third-act plot machinations feel like a frantic bid to achieve a feature-length running time, and in the end all this self-aware unseemliness proves as dispiriting as watching a marathon of reality TV.
Less a film, more a series of ragtag gags.
a simple-minded circle jerk about exploitation, peopled by characters without the least bit of originality, vitality or appeal
[A] hilarious black comedy... all about puncturing balloons of self-importance...
Analogous to an overly long episode of Punk'd in which the moviegoing audience is the punkee.
Coaxes its fair share of laughs from an audience sure to be squirming in their seats in discomfort, while the film's outrageous ending almost makes the slow ramp-up worthwhile.
A caustic comedic commentary on how men handle love, as well as how they're led around by the head of their genitalia, Mail Order Bride should not be missed.



@highlight

The setup for Mail Order Wife is clever, but the movie is only moderately funny, and it stumbles badly in the third act.