Dubious plot and characters, good dancing.
Nothing but an exploitative piece of garbage...
We actually begin to laugh at the inanity of it all, wanting to yell at the screen: 'Just shut up and dance!'
Before shooting began, the dancers rehearsed for eight weeks to develop off-the-hook new dance moves, which begs the question: Who was working on the script during that time?
You Got Served is, to quote Simon Cowell, absolutely dreadful.
A spirited, guilty pleasure of a dance movie.
You Got Served is about dancing. Street dancing. The sort of make-believe dancing that inner-city youths participate in instead of having sex or joining a gang.
Just in time for their feature film debut, the enormously popular B2K has disbanded.
...monotonous and predictable.
Lacks the old-school charm of films like Wild Style and Breakin'.
The breathtaking choreography of Dave Scott and Shane Sparks employs every imaginable dance hook with jaw-dropping originality.
If you can drown out the reductive story and the Afterschool Special dialogue, you should have no problem enjoying the tight choreography.
It's too bad [writer-director Christopher B.] Stokes didn't just make a non-narrative film about the street dancing culture.
Commits a variety of cinematic sins, none fatal individually but collectively enough to pull an audience under.
The latest in a long and not-so-respectable line of dance sequences -- adjusted for the era -- with a very bare-bones plot supposedly linking them together.
The movie dances when it should be developing, say, characters or story line.
The story is so bored with itself, it collapses -- but the diverse troupe of dance talents at least makes it an eclectic slide.
It's the Citizen Kane of break-dancing movies! And yet it still isn't any damned good.
Served crackles with energy during its dance sequences. Eventually, the hoofing stops and so does the movie.
Sanitized to the point of disinterest... it's unwilling to penetrate the creativity and attitude behind kids' attraction to dance.
The film has the amateurish air of any number of no-budget quickies that have been cranked out to cash in on this or that latest-hot-thing.
You Got Served may be a crudely acted, elementary story, but it's almost impossible not to be impressed by the film's dance numbers...
'You know how I like it, baby -- straight 'hood,' says Lil' Kim (make that Not So Lil' Kim), in the film's most quotable line. 'May the dopest crew win.'
If you want to bring back the '80s by emulating those awful Golan/Globus dance movies, you have to GET Golan and Globus! Everything else is just 4th rate.
For those of you who haven't managed to get the mawkish Honey out of your cinematic system then brace yourself because the musical monotony doesn't stop there
For the most part it plays out at an MTV dance competition featuring a lot of star-powered cameos.
A movie with this much dancing should be crackling with electricity. Instead, this is simply no fun, a limp hip-hop flick without a single spark.
Hardly feels like a genuine movie. A music video? Maybe. A clothes infomercial? At times. An episode of Punk'd? Absolutely.
...the only thing being served here an anemic screenplay and juvenile amateurish acting the likes of which wouldn't pass muster in even the most run-down dinner theater.
it will turn your inner ear to jelly
the moves... are far slicker and more athletic than anything the legendary Shabba-Doo and Boogaloo Shrimp ever attempted in 'Breakin'' or 'Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo.'
Isn't it too soon for a remake of Honey?
You Got Hosed might be a more accurate title for those suckered into putting down ten dollars for this waste of celluloid.
About as engaging as watching a synchronized swimming meet minus the pool...if you pay to see this movie, you get snookered.
A thinly written, hoarily cliched story that serves mostly as connective tissue between the movie's chief draw, its dazzling dance sequences.
Choreographers Dave Scott and Shane Sparks deserve all the credit they can get.
As far as plot, drama and performances go ... well, did I mention that the dancing is good?
A street-dance film that's lively and silly and about as 'street' as a Britney Spears video.
A textbook case of how not to make a film about dancing.
On the checklist of things a movie should offer, like character development, dialogue with subtext and plausibility, You Got Served is more like You Got Screwed.
Choreographers Dave Scott and Shane Sparks have deftly given the dancing sequences flow and form while preserving the all-important street spirit of the moves.
The whole thing is tailor-made for people who are too young to notice or care that they're being shamelessly exploited for a quick buck.
Critically, with the exception of comic actor Steve Harvey (as the 'hood mentor) and Lil' Kim (a mere cameo as herself), the acting is wretched.
A somewhat incongruous mix of high drama and street dancing in which the street dancing is fabulous, and the high drama is low grade at best.
A mess of musical cliches, populated by an attractive, acrobatic cast.
It doesn't even live up to the low standards of the mid-'80s Breakin' dance movies.
Shoddily written and directed.
Moviegoers will walk out of this mostly disappointing film conjugating, 'I got served. You got served. We got served.'
When the movie isn't dancing, it's dead.
Between the opening salvo and the equally staggering finale is a dull, dour drama that drains the movie of nearly all its exuberance.
Every bit as cliched, amateurish and feeble as its predecessors.
Christopher B. Stokes's film showcases the latest developments in hip-hop street dance, which, much like hip-hop music, appears to be a largely masculine domain.
I could watch the dance scenes all day; unfortunately, they are broken up by simple-minded, street-flavored melodrama.
Stokes has attached an anemic plot to a series of dynamic hip-hop dance sequences.
Where's Shabba-Doo when you need him?
Other than one jarringly misbegotten detour, the movie is exactly what you would expect.
Anyone who's never heard of B2K or hip-hop choreographer Wade Robson, or who generally harbors a strong aversion to films with lots of dancing, little plot and a very loud soundtrack might want to stay far away.
It's too bad more energy wasn't devoted to fleshing out the one-dimensional characters and crafting a decent script.
Unleashes one dazzling routine after another.
Tries to be a story about triumph and teamwork. Instead it comes off like a group of high schoolers awkwardly auditioning for a play.
Rarely do you encounter a movie without a shred of originality. You Got Served is such a cinematic vacuum.
The performers are elegant, expressive and viscerally exciting when they move.
Seems stuck in fad mode, a showcase in search of a movie.
Grandberry and Houston are two of the most enjoyable musicians to appear onscreen since Sting played a bellboy.







@highlight

The dance sequences are exhilarating, but everything else about this movie is sloppy and generic.