There are scenes here with the potential to become genuinely iconic.
It's another story of transition in cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
No words are needed. [Full review in Spanish]
... charms, astonishes and entertains; but it lacks substance... [Full review in Spanish]
...a pasteurized memory, dressed up with the dapper black and white photography of Guillaume Schiffman... [Full review in Spanish]
Everything works perfectly... [Full review in Spanish]
Such a project may seem pretentious, however, the charm of the film lies in its honesty, its purity and transmitting the mere pleasure of the director to honor the life of a silent film artist... [Full review in Spanish]
... no film lover can afford to miss this film... [Full review in Spanish]
The nightmare is the best scene in The Artist because it subverts the tenets of silent film while articulating George's genuine terror....The final stretches [though] are where The Artist loses command of its tone.
Hazanavicius films with a precision rarely seen. [Full review in Spanish]
The Artist makes a strong argument for film as an escape from the modern escapist fantasies. It doesn't mean anything - that's what some critics are crying now - but since when did we decide that movies always have to have meaning?
Dujardin is as charismatic a lead as Gene Kelly ever was, and Bejo is the perfect, irresistible foil for ageing megastar George Valentin. In support, John Goodman is perfectly cast.
The Artist is a bore, just like the hammy has-been around which it revolves.
Jean Dujardin is ready for a game between eras: his chatty smile and way of moving connect with the great adventurous gallant of silent American cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
The director is skillful, has what it takes to activate the mechanisms of feeling in any cinephile's heart and exploits it well. [Full review in Spanish]
Sadly, Hazanavicius is so unskilled, so steeped in the empty signposting of parody and stereotype, that he's actually signaling to us throughout The Artist that we're watching a quaint old art form Lindy Hopping its way to the bone yard.
The Artist made me remember why I love movies.
The Artist is simply a pleasure to watch, if only for just two hours in time.
It's inarguable that you'll leave The Artist with a spring in your step and a grin on your face.
The background music is stunningly evocative. And there's a certain grace and charm with which the movie has been made.
One desperately wants to enjoy the cinematic escapade but the fun eventually wears thin as the familiar narrative fails to illuminate the magic of the movies during its infancy.
As the scattershot everything-at-once world of Net connectivity ever decreases our ability to concentrate, the mere act of turning down the sensory input for an experience seems like a bold act of cultural resistance.
Writer-director Michel Hazanavicius' The Artist is not for a nanosecond fun-though it works hard to be so. Basically, it is A Star Is Born knockoff.
This is a bauble, not a jewel.
Michel Hazanavicius' black-and-white, mostly silent comedy The Artist is a gorgeously made curiosity -- a film that functions as a testament to its own obsession with other movies.
Uplifting, heart-warming, hilarious... not necessarily words you'd expect to apply to a black and white silent French film. But The Artist is no ordinary movie.
Writer/director Michel Hazanavicius uses a shrewd eye for visual composition to tell an emotionally effective story never waylaid by the clever throwback gimmickry of his method.
The Artist is drunk on the history of cinema and art, and culture buffs will get giddy on it.
Retro but totally modern, frivolous yet fundamentally serious, The Artist is a thing of grace and joy and a great American film -- of the sort it takes the French to make.
Filmed in stunning black-and-white, The Artist takes us back to a time when men wore suits, women wore hats and a simple dance could lead to love.
They really don't make them like this any more.
The overall effect is magical. If the technology allowed, we would shout it from the rooftops: you must see this film!
Latter day silent movies need not be cute or vacuous -- daring Canadian filmmaker Guy Maddin's avant-garde creations have proved that triumphantly -- but this one is a highly polished and clever bit of frippery.
Director Michel Hazanavicius, in his first American production, has pulled of a miracle, making a gimmick with a pretty wispy framework into something sturdy, memorable and moving.
This is a celebration of how magical the movies can still be.
The movie isn't revolutionary and doesn't aim to create a whole new wave of silent filmmaking, but it is a fun diversion.
There's no such thing as a perfect movie, but there may be one you wouldn't wish to be any different. Such is the magic of The Artist.
What's old is new again in this dreamy romance. What's antiquated seems innovative.
Film buffs will be hugging themselves with sheer pleasure. And ordinary filmgoers will be equally entertained by this hilarious and heart- felt tribute to the early days of Hollywood with its unmissable wild wit.
Touching and entertaining in equal measure.
Factor in a scene-stealing dog called Uggy and you have one of the most unexpectedly delightful films of the past year.
I loved it. Loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it.
Days after seeing The Artist, I find it hard to place any individual moments that resonated (aside from the doggie heroism) and I suspect that, title aside, the movie feels a complacent cynicism toward art.
Maybe this tribute to those early movies will inspire you to go watch something small, square and silent.
Hazanavicius boldly strips cinema back to its wordless, monochrome days and, boy, does the end result sparkle.
Anchored by the wildly charming Dujardin in the lead, The Artist is so warm and entertaining, it will leave you speechless. And smiling.
The story fluctuates between light and dark elements as smoothly as its gorgeously contrasted black and white photography, dowsing audiences in a nostalgic glow of sunshine and shadows.
Sometimes cinema should just be pure, unadulterated joy, and The Artist is precisely that, in every wordless frame.
Think of it as an art-house film that everyone can enjoy.
The year's most unlikely crowd-pleaser.
Filming in gorgeous black-and-white, director Michel Hazanavicius lovingly embraces all the tropes of silent cinema (iris shots, titles), sharpening the familiar narrative with a slight edge that should satisfy contemporary tastes.
Through it all, Dujardin has great dignity, is hugely likeable, and pulls off touches of comic poignancy not far from Chaplin's.
This is a funny, touching and innovative piece of work with a fun performance from Jean Dujardin.
The result is an irresistible delight.
What's not to like about The Artist? And then again, what is there, exactly, to love about it?
One of the very best films of 2011.
You have to applaud a movie that takes every rule for How to Sell Your Movie to Modern Audiences and throws it on a silver nitrate fire.
Dujardin replicates the polished urbanity of Douglas Fairbanks, while his Argentine-born co-star is so puckishly charming that, had she been born 100 years ago, she would have given Clara Bow a run for her money.
Instead of inviting us sophisticated moderns to look back and laugh, it insists that we look back and rediscover something we have lost.
It's a wonderfully lighthearted and thoroughly entertaining film that stands as a tribute to cinema from another era. It is, in fact, irresistible.
Since The Artist can't speak for itself, let me sing its praises instead.
Bejo and Dujardin give their characters indelible countenances and overall vibrancy. She's bright; he's elegant and funny. Whatever the film lacks in terms of achieving deep impact, they sparkle together.
The Artist recreates a movie era so full of wonder and emotion that it may make you question whether the way we were wasn't a whole lot better than the way we are.
The Artist is an absurdly anachronistic film in our age of 3-D cinematic assault. It's silent. It's black and white. And it's delightful.
The Artist is not at its core a cinematic essay piece or simply an indulgent slice of self-reflexism but an intoxicating story told with skill and humour.
It's happy to wallow in the conventions of classics that came before it, and we're happy to wallow right with it, but the potential to become something more eludes it.
This touching rise-and-fall story has already bagged a host of awards and seems on track for Oscar attention.
A fine piece of cinema that will hopefully be clutched by moviegoers for years to come.
That the film is so convincing and so engaging despite the lack of dialogue is an unquantifiable triumph.
The Artist is a joyous and enchanting film.
The Artist doesn't talk, but it sings.
The Artist is at turns funny, heartbreaking, thrilling and a visual marvel with only the aid of Ludovic Bource's sublime score to guide our reactions.
Hazanavicius has reminded us of why we love the movies. He is sure to bring a smile to anyone who gambles on seeing this glorious throwback.
Dujardin and Bejo have previously starred together in OSS 117: Cairo, A Nest of Spies, with the chemistry clearly already there, Hazanavicius was wise to cast them again.
A modern-day classic that proves that Hollywood can still make incredible films.
The whole thing is so damn clever and charming, it might just sneak off with Best Picture.
Don't let the simplicity of the story fool you, 'The Artist' is a movie in which the pleasures lie entirely in the details.
Possibly one of the most joyously enjoyable films to screen in the Cannes competition -- especially for lovers of classic Hollywood cinema -- The Artist is a real pleasure.
Had The Artist been made 75 years ago, it might have been brushed aside as melodrama. Today, its affection for a lost past strikes the right note of wistful nostalgia.
It isn't arty or intellectual, though it is artful and ingenious, and it's the rare crowd-pleaser that never feels obvious or pandering.
Writer/director Michel Hazanavicius' The Artist manages the trick of being both fearlessly loyal to an era of cinema that's long since passed and one of the few original motion pictures of its own time.
There is literally nothing wrong with it. I don't have a single nit to pick, minor flaw to point out or little bit that annoyed me. It is pure magic from the first frame to the last.
Its retro-retro take uniquely delivers the most crucial element of the moviegoing experience, the art of entertainment.
I could spend hours talking about how fantastic The Artist is; how sublime Dujardin and Bérénice Bejo are; how natural their movements and expressions are; how perfect the score is - oh, the score, so expressive and lively and jovial and magical.
Hazanavicius has perfectly captured the look and feel of the silent era with "The Artist."
The Artist is apparently Hazanavicius' dream project and it's truly inspiring to see a filmmaker take such a big risk in this day and age: especially when it pays off so big.
As an homage to silent films, it works. As a cinematic narrative of classic quality, it falls short.
The Artist is superfluous, but charming through-and-through, painted with lively performances, staggering cinematography and a lovely spirit of nostalgia.
Every now and then in an age of darkness and cynicism, a life affirming film is just what we need.
I'm not sure how much replay this film will get, but a first viewing is awfully satisfying-though it makes the audience work a little harder than they're accustomed.
The Academy Awards are the biggest annual party that Hollywood throws for itself, and The Artist is a movie that worships Hollywood. Looks like a done deal.
a witty, self-aware pastiche, full of clever audiovisual gags and cinephiliac allusions, with irresistible charm coursing through its nostalgic veins.
Writer-director Michel Hazanavicius toys with despair only to gloss over it.
...it gives us a glimpse of what those silly people in black-and-white ... must have found so thrilling, engaging and ultimately heartening when they watched those quaint gray ghosts dancing on a screen they imagined was silver, so unrecoverably long ago.
It's a screaming endorsement to the power of cinema... without saying a word.
'The Artist' is a masterpiece.
You can't fault it as smart entertainment, which eschews parody to make a sincere tribute that also serves as cogent current commentary.
Whether you see the 'The Artist' for its nostalgia or its novelty, its joyous spirit is undeniable.
"The Artist" drags, as any film telling its story with its mouth and ears tied behind its back can be expected to. But it's a lovely bit of froth, the meringue on a cinema season that is both high-minded and awards oriented.
Goofily gorgeous, heartfelt and endlessly rewatchable, this is the true meaning of escapism - a doorway to another world, a world created to entertain eyes, heart and brain.
Warts and all, The Artist reminds us that the fire is far from extinguished.
The Artist is a freakishly good one-off - I'd hate to call it a fluke, but it's unlikely someone could replicate this approach to such great effect in the near future.
A wonderful experience but if your mind isn't open to the idea of a silent film you might want to give it a miss. There are big rewards for those willing to investigate. You might have a new appreciation for the art of filmmaking.
This is by far the best film of the year, an instant classic, which embodies the very essence of cinema. If we, in Northern Ireland, are not screening this sensational film then we might as well shut down all our cinemas.
The movie ever fully shakes off its air of skillfully executed experiment, but it's spirited and charming nonetheless.
An occasion when style really does triumph over substance.
It may look like an art film, but it's anything but. It's a good, old-fashioned, formulaic, Hollywood romantic comedy rise-and-fall story told with a modern sensibility and easily accessible by mainstream audiences.
En pleno 2012, entre el auge de las vistosas superproducciones en 3D y la sobresaturación de videos en YouTube, una película muda y en blanco y negro logra entretener y emocionar como lo hacían hace 90 años.
Mais que uma brincadeira com o período, é também uma homenagem doce, ingênua e profundamente divertida à Sétima Arte e aos seus incorrigíveis amantes.
Dujardin and Bejo light up the screen. It's easy to believe them as movie idols from a bygone era.
It's a deliriously, wondrously, unspeakably fabulous film.
You're likely to be as smiling as much as George Valentin.
As frothy, upbeat tales of old Hollywood go, it's superb, full of small delights and general sunshine.
A good, but not great film, it's plot seemingly derived from well-known films about films made back in the 1950s such as 'Singin' in the Rain'.
If you want to see some spectacularly adorable if not particularly lasting or memorable dog tricks, The Artist is the film you've been waiting for.
Hazanavicius has woven together a variety of cinematic styles from different eras to make a silent film that is easily accessible to a contemporary audience.
Its appeal lies in its innate ability of tapping into that sense of joy that lies within us all. It is irresistibly charming. It is unmissable.
Everything about The Artist is unique, from its beautiful black and white images as it pays tribute to the silent movies of the 1920s to the casting choices and the resolution
It's easy to be captivated by this unique, universal piece that above all makes us care for its characters as we journey through a maze of emotions
A glorious spectacle that captivates the senses and energizes the mind, The Artist is a full-bodied sensation that had me doing interior cartwheels while I sat in the theatre gluttonously consuming each and every morsel.
Artist a lovingly rendered homage.
What The Artist says about people who would like to sentimentalize and suspend the film industry in a bell jar is brilliant.
The Artist, as calculated as you know it is, is simply impossible to resist.
[A] sweet, sincere, massively overrated valentine to silent movies.
A warm and comfy dose of old-school charm and smile-inducing entertainment.
Terrific entertainment -- not an academic exercise but an unabashed crowd-pleaser.
'The Artist' offers a unique cinematic experience in an age when extremely loud sound effects attack our eardrums while watching so many current movies.
The Artist delights in an ingeniously straightforward way that exceeds many a modern, technologically advanced, effects-loaded, big-budget blockbuster.
A silent movie that speaks louder and with more power than a dozen films packed with pages and pages of dialogue. Definitely the year's best movie.
Imaginative, gorgeous, witty and even kind of sexy.
A gift that keeps on giving, The Artist is a film that demands your attention at every moment. All senses are glued to the screen and director Michel Hazanavicius delivers with drama, laughter, romance and stellar performances from his cast.
Has the allure of a freshness it may not entirely deserve, but one that makes it go down very smoothly.
I'm not sure Hazanavicius' love letter to the cinema is, in fact, the most outstanding movie of last year. But who would deny that it stands out from the motion-picture pack?
In a strange way, it's not unlike The Matrix -- only this time the red pill transports you into the futuristic world of sound, rather than a cynical world of two increasingly abysmal sequels.
Completely fun. Dujardin defies time periods. Bejo is all sparkly effervescence.
Was there ever a guy who could play an old school movie studio mogul like John Goodman? No.
A movie that is so old-fashioned from beginning to end that it's literally a breath of fresh air.
Visually stunning, imaginative, and cleverly scored and choreographed, The Artist is quite simply and quietly, the year's finest film.
Deeper than mere mimicry...
The Artist plays less like an original take on the early sound era than as fan fiction set in the world of Singin' in the Rain.
[C]ould have been all about the gimmick. Marvelously, it isn't. And yet its marvelousness is wrapped up in the gimmick... [A] sweet, deep passion for The Movies... throbs through The Artist and makes it sing.
A story that's so sweet and innocent, it's practically forgivable for being the awards bait it's being offered up as.
See it, but remember: no talking.
A silent love song that anyone who adores film can nonetheless hear, loud and clear!
...breezy and effortlessly entertaining...
Although it sometimes runs short on invention, it makes up for it in style, execution and a cheery disposition that's positively infectious.
The Artist replicates film-making techniques of the past to create a warm, witty romance.
Embracing the techniques and look of the times, and paying homage to numerous silent classics and Citizen Kane, this loving, warm pastiche is a sheer delight.
Simply irresistible.
Although he is working in an older acting style that favors large gestures and emphatic facial expressions, Dujardin still evokes the entire wealth of the emotional spectrum
Not just a re-creation of an archaic technique -- the characters are real, vivid, and affecting. The movie transcends its story to be more than a tribute to a simpler time.
Dujardin's performance carries it forward like an adventure actor of the period.
A joyous cinematic valentine to the silent movie era, The Artist is the most out-and-out entertaining, purely enjoyable movie to come around in years.
While I admired and enjoyed the film, it reminded me of drinking a Pepsi Throwback; tastes great but brings nothing new to the table.
While never mocking the material he's working with, Hazanavicius doesn't take himself with a seriousness that could commit him to a tragic conclusion.
Gimmicky but cute.
Film of the year and a joy forever.
Gorgeously shot and utterly absorbing, this is a truly original love story that will leave you speechless.
The purely visual filmmaking, accompanied by Ludovic Bource's musical score, is an absolute delight.
Hazanavicius is a true visionary artist himself, rejeuvinating a fond and near-forgotten skill and masterfully making it obtainable and oddly contemporary.
For a movie that is so much about technique, it's surprising how affecting the story is.
...a good film with some great moments and two excellent lead performances...
full review at Movies for the Masses
...one of the most original films of this decade.
It's a valentine to the cinema that comes from the heart.
It's easy to dismiss The Artist as a simple love letter to the silent-film era, but there is a lot more at work here than just an attention-getting gimmick.
This film says a lot, without saying nearly any words. It's one of the best of 2011. (Content Review for Parents also available)
Not only does 'The Artist' clearly demonstrate that something was lost when movies started talking, but it also proves that we haven't begun to learn what can be done with images alone.
It may be silent, but The Artist earns some very loud applause
The Artist is a slight confection, really, but it's so delicious and knowing that it may well end up on any number of cineastes' desert-island lists. It's certainly on mine.
A love letter to silent cinema, Michel Hazanavicius' black-and-white non-talkie is a shallow but hellaciously enjoyable voyage into the past.
"The Artist" may be too cute to qualify as high art, but it's highly entertaining.
The Artist is the most surprising and delightful film of 2011.
A silent movie shot in sumptuous black-and-white, no less. A silent flick made with not a jot of distancing winking, but instead born of a heady affection for a bygone, very bygone, era of filmmaking.
The story and the silent-era conventions may not be entirely original, but the director revives this uniquely American storytelling style with such infectious joy and life-affirming enthusiasm that it's nearly impossible not to respond in equal measure.
Essentially a stunt, but an expertly executed one that's immensely enjoyable, especially for movie buffs...a nimble, exuberant lark.
'The Artist' paints a glorious picture of old Hollyood.
In the more eye-pleasing The Artist, the plot eventually comes too close to its inspiration, though its early moments were headed for mastery - and transformation - of style.
Hazanavicius crafted more than a replica of the silent era... a masterwork that likely won't be imitated. How many movies in 2011 can you say that about? Only the best one.
"The Artist" is a delightful treasure. It is a charming mixture of comedy, melodrama and romance that cinema lovers should make a point of experiencing.
This is not some clinical dissection of bygone cinematic techniques; it's a lively, appealing effort that mostly rises above mere novelty.
It's about more than the gimmick, and The Artist will be calling to you, entrancing you and making you feel the love.
This is the feel-good movie of the year and that's meant as praise, not a putdown.
No less than a gushing ode to cinema itself. Unconditional bliss.
If the concept of a contemporary, postmodern silent film sounds like a gimmick, it is, but Hazanavicius' attention to character makes certain that the film acts as more.
It's not especially deep or profound -- just (very) good old-fashioned fun.
It's a rocket to the moon fueled by unadulterated joy and pure imagination.
It's a gentle, wistful tale, but with an ending so joyous and movie-magical that you just might dance out of the theater. (I did.)
Strangely, wonderfully, The Artist feels as bold and innovative a moviegoing experience as James Cameron's bells-and-whistles Avatar did a couple of years ago.
There are certain productions that wear a broad smile and carry little personality, with director Michel Hazanavicius's valentine to moviemaking days of yore perfectly, utterly, monumentally...fine.
"The Artist" is a delightful and unique experience because it cares about things most movies no longer do.
"The Artist'' is a small, exquisitely-cut jewel in a style everyone assumes is 80 years out of date.
Those who know nothing about the history of cinema will not be shortchanged - "The Artist" can be enjoyed by anyone who loves what is essential about movies.
A beguiling tale about Hollywood's silent movie days that is itself silent, this made-in-L.A. French feature will charm cinephiles with its affection for one of the movies' golden ages.
This effort often manages to duplicate the magical pantomime of the era; a lovely scene in which Bejo drapes herself in the arms of a hung jacket as if it were a human lover could have come straight out of a Marion Davies picture.
The Artist is charming as all get-out, a delightful little movie about the movies.
Is the film more than a novelty plaything? Perhaps not. But within its confines it multi-achieves.
Its sound-of-silence narrative speaks louder than words, and reveals the power of nuance and understatement.
It's a bit precious, yes, but its earnestness and joy carry you along, and its climax simply delights.
"The Artist" is such an engaging, delightful film that, if you like movies, you will walk out of the theater with a smile. You just will; it's that inspired.
Writer-director Michel Hazanavicius loads The Artist with magical, romantic moments.
Is "The Artist" a screwball comedy? A sentimental melodrama? A spoof? Serious? What? Yes, yes, yes and yes.
A rapturous movie full of passion and artistry, self-aware but not self-absorbed. The Artist is about movie-making, in the way that great Hollywood movies have turned a loving (yet acerbic) gaze at themselves, like Singin' in the Rain.
It won't hold everyone's attention, but it's not often that you can hear a pin drop in the cinema.
A bona fide classic. You won't get the smile off your face all the way home.
It sticks to many of the conventions of the form - printed titles, an effortless musical score, a loyal dog, and shameless melodrama - and has fun with them, yet also manages to be surprisingly heartfelt.
A buoyant comedy that contains moments of pathos, this silent black-and-white movie recalls Singin' in the Rain but possesses a reverence that's endearingly French.
The novelty fades and one might be watching a somewhat run of the mill silent. Still the experience brings back memories of some great silent movies.
Whenever I see a great film, I get a literal high off it, almost like a drug. The feeling can last for days. The Artist gave me one of those highs.
Yes, it's virtually silent, it's black-and-white, and you might not know the leads. But if you don't take a chance on this film, we can't be friends any more.
The Artist plays like a loving homage to an era of filmmaking that many people have forgotten or never knew.
My, The Artist is delightful, ingenious, funny, poignant and, in its own small way, profound. Put Oscar on high alert.
The Artist is a witty little confection, bound to please but not necessarily to linger in the mind.
Reminds us that silent films aren't inferior to sound ones, just a little different.
Says something about stubbornness and ego (look at the pretension in that title again) and about the dangers everyone faces when they refuse to see that their world is changing around them.
The old-fashioned flavor of "The Artist" pays homage to what is considered the greatest silent film of all time, "Sunrise," but makes its own niche in modern film.
Hazanavicius is so in tune with his material, he knows when to use a title card (sparingly) or when to let his audience read his actors' lips to get a laugh and his screenplay tucks the silent vs. sound argument as subtext within his narratives
Though this pastiche has been crafted by film nerds and largely for them, Michel Hazanavicius' feature has an emotional generosity that speaks louder than words.
Resisting change, The Artist's movie star repeats a familiar history, that is, the history of movies that's been passed on in the movies.
Instead of cheering, I'll keep my mouth shut and give a silent nod of approval.
A rare instance of movie perfection.
The Artist is a crowd-pleaser in the most modern "old-fashioned" sense of the word.
The Artist is vibrant. It is clever and dramatic, and has a rich treasure trove of cinema lore and vitality. The Artist captures the eternal wonder of movies -- new and old.
In many ways - in all ways - "The Artist" is a profound achievement.
Now, that's what I call entertainment.
This slight but enormously likable picture seems destined to be an awards magnet: A holiday release with enough formal sophistication to appeal to cinephiles and enough old-fashioned showbiz bravado to win over a general audience.
If The Artist truly were from the period it's about, it would be a minor film that occasionally played on TCM at 3AM, and about which even hardcore silent film fans wouldn't care much.
Who'd have guessed that a silent movie would be the favorite for year-end awards?
A cheeky trifle whose present-day novelty of being, well, silent and black-and-white carries it a long way.
The Artist is a technical exercise first, movie second-but the result is undeniably pleasant. Few will be safe from the movie's bombardment of silent but deadly charm.
Anyone who sees this as their first and only example of silent cinema will believe that the entire era was devoted to silly trifles, when, in fact, many artistic masterpieces were produced during that time.
A must see movie for any fan of classic Hollywood.
If silent, black and white films were something lots of people wanted to see, they'd still be making them. They aren't because most people don't. They are passé and their appeal is strictly esoteric.
An invigorating, charming, witty and crowd-pleasing delight that's destined to become a classic while skyrocketing the careers of Jean Dujardin and Bérénice Béjo.
The Artist is wordless. In a parallel mode, so are we, dumbstruck, at a loss for the superlatives that might match this cinematic wonder ... which very well may be the best film of the year.
"The Artist" should appeal to anyone willing to take a chance.
In a time when movies often are sonic assaults, and meaning can be lost amid the clatter of explosions, gunshots and screeching cars, The Artist has an utterly beguiling purity.
"The Artist" is the wonder of the age, as much a miracle as "Avatar," though it comes at things from the totally opposite direction.
Literally the kind of movie they just don't make anymore...
A project so idiosyncratic, so unlikely, so simultaneously innocent and sophisticated that it could only have been devised by the French.
If there is a more joyous film this year, we haven't seen it.
A picture that romances its audience into watching in a new way - by, paradoxically, asking us to watch in an old way. The Artist is perhaps the most modern movie imaginable right now.
This is not a work of film history but rather a generous, touching and slightly daffy expression of unbridled movie love.
A bonbon to movies as they used to be, 'The Artist' is a treat.
I can't help but feel that they never really figured out why to make this movie aside from the obvious exercise in homage.
Unfettered by irony, inspiring the kind of spontaneous emotional response we yearn for at the multiplex, [it] immerses us in joyful illusion, a world of movies within movies.
Michel Hazanavicius'... hand is so sure, his actors so engaging (and engaged), that the movie plays as well as any other picture made this year-if not better.
A sweet little trifle, very much the equal in romanticism and charm to the movies it's emulating, and it's playful to a nearly impossible degree.
It's a big, beribboned heart-tugger of a movie and Dujardin, who won the best actor award this year at Cannes, is a charming mimic of silent-film physicality.
A crowd-pleaser even if you aren't steeped in film lore. As the old posters used to promise, it's got Comedy! Romance! Thrills! (As well as one of the most charming trained dogs you've ever seen on the big screen.)
An old-fashioned crowd-pleaser that places a strong emphasis on the words "old-fashioned."
A joyous crowd-pleasing movie that pays homage to the great silent film era in a clever way that offers multiple layers.
As it opens, we're watching an audience watch a silent adventure film, and in a funny way we spend the rest of the movie watching ourselves get swept up in conventions we can see through.
it just might be the best movie you'll see all year.
Jean Dujardin stamps his own imprint on the archetype of the slick, dark-haired leading man-he's also a handsome clown who may bring the pencil-thin moustache back into vogue.
Loving tribute to silent films has a few tense moments.
The Artist plays around with the distinction between silent and sound cinema, resulting in the superficial entertainment value of a high concept film school joke. But it's a charming and supremely gorgeous joke.
Both a surefire crowdpleaser and a magnificent piece of film-making.
The happy ending had me on my feet cheering throughout the final credits. I can't wait to see it again.
This immensely entertaining black-and-white silent feature from France is one of the best and most original films of the year.
Silent black-and-white movies are not coming back, but this one is such a rewarding labor of love by all of the artists involved that it just might make you wish they could.
Exuberantly entertaining and an emotional grower on reflection, Michel Hazanavicius's backstage drama takes the old A Star Is Born plot and makes it sing (very quietly).
An undeniably charming homage to Hollywood in the late 1920s, The Artist will probably be the most successful silent movie since the days of the Gish sisters. It might also be the first silent film many of its viewers have ever seen.
A beautiful, ambitious, nostalgic endeavor that demonstrates its makers are, indeed, artists.
It's a beautifully shot, beautifully acted piece of fluff.
This is a movie that sweeps over you like a warm breeze with a self-assured artistry as undeniable as it's soulful lessons of love.
"The Artist" is propelled by its performances, particularly Dujardin's. He has an exquisite elegance, and builds a whole movie with only his gestures. It's impossible to imagine "The Artist" without him, the wellspring of its charm.
A frontrunner for the Best Picture (and other) Oscar, this charming valentine to the magic of silent cinema has won the hearts of moviegoers in every festival it has played, beginning with Cannes Fest in May.
With supreme confidence and an informed, infectious fondness for his subject, writer-director Michel Hazanavicius manages to embrace contradictions and then resolve them with supreme comic grace.
The Artist is so wonderful that the audience applauds everything, including the dog.
Hazanavicius' film is a reminder that a good story, with great acting (Dujardin gives a breakthrough performance) that delivers (more than) what it promises will always go further than gimmicks and temporary pop culture phenomenons.
One of the year's best films and happiest surprises - a genuine work of imagination and vitality that broadcasts its love for the very form it so expertly uses.
The Artist encapsulates everything we go to movies for: action, laughs, tears and a chance to get lost in another world. How can Oscar resist?
What Hazanavicius has wrought is damnably clever, but not cute; less like an arch conceit and more like the needle-sharp recollection of a dream.
Made as a 1920s-style silent movie, this hugely enjoyable film is already a classic. And while it's far from mainstream, it's also packed with more wit, passion and invention than all of the films in any given multiplex combined.
A valentine to the glories of silent cinema, a triumph of artistic teleportation, pure effervescence that gives crowdpleasing a good name.
The Artist is a rarity, an ingenious crowd-pleaser.
The Artist is a whole lot better than Michel Hazanavicius's two OSS 117 movies: better gags, better performances, viable emotional arc, more sophisticated visual style.
The Artist never feels like a parody or a good idea that becomes laborious in the execution. It's lovingly corny, great fun, good-looking and respectful.
Except for the storyline, which lacks emotional depth, there's so much here for film lovers to make this a joyous experience.
Dujardin turns his impeccable imitation skills on a host of early film stars, combining Rudolph Valentino's smoldering appeal and slicked-back hair with Errol Flynn's panache and pencil moustache, while preserving an essential sincerity in the process.
Michel Hazanavicius's black-and-white throwback to cinema's silent era may seem steeped in fusty nostalgia, but it glitters and gleams with utterly of-the-moment wit and romantic zest.
A lovingly shot, beautifully realized love letter to cinema history.
Imaginative, inventive and visually eloquent, it's definitely one of the best films of 2011.
An utterly delightful, wonderfully inventive and frequently hilarious silent comedy that stands as a joyous, knowing tribute to classic silent cinema and features a trio of terrific performances from Jean Dujardin, Bérénice Bejo and Uggy the dog.
Sends you home with your head in the clouds, intoxicated by the magic movies pull off better than any other art form.
Michel Hazanavicius' spellbinding love-letter to silent cinema is a masterclass of inscrutable production design, top-notch physical comedy, and a postmodern sensibility which never descends into a rose-tintedly overzealous adulation of the era.
A joyous celebration of cinema worthy to be mentioned in the same breath as Singin' in the Rain.
The gifted director never settles, always reaching for bigger laughs, and delivering unexpected and immensely clever mise en scène. The actors are magicians, too.
Ignores everything that's fascinating and memorable about the silent-film era, focusing instead on a patchwork of general knowledge, so eroded of inconvenient facts that it doesn't even qualify as a roman à clef.
This might have made a lovely 15- or 20-minute short, if anyone out there would fund such a thing. But at 100 minutes, it's a joke stretched a little too thin.
[VIDEO] Inspired proof that a black-and-white silent film with a 4:3 aspect ratio can be more entertaining than a 3D anything, "The Artist" conjures a bygone age of Hollywood that reminds us why we love cinema.
Consistently inventive, heartfelt, and mesmerizing, The Artist reminds one of the visual power of the medium. It's always been about the moving picture and The Artist is an amazing love letter to cinema, old and new.
Throughout, Hazanavicius finds clever, poetic ways to illustrate the allure of Golden Age Hollywood stardom...
The Artist may have started as a daring stunt, but it elevates itself to an endearing -- and probably enduring -- delight.
Casts a spell- right from the first frame. For anyone that truly loves film.
Although a seemingly risky bet for box office success outside of small arthouse niches, the film's charm and delight of discovery, plus its sterling international performances, could make it a breakout hit in theaters, just as it was in Cannes.
It's a lot like falling in love. You can't really express what it is you feel, but you feel it so powerfully, you can't ever imagine not feeling it.
Delightful and lovely, a little gift of cinema.

@highlight

A crowd-pleasing tribute to the magic of silent cinema, The Artist is a clever, joyous film with delightful performances and visual style to spare.