An exploitation of a set of themes rather than a thoughtful consideration of them, and celebrates their austere nature in a stampede of scenes that cause only surface discomfort.
Personally, I'd rather have this movie obliterated from my memory.
One of the more original and grueling films to come out in years and I loved it...
Slick slime wrapped as a high-toned, girl-power shocker
Wilson and Page are compelling and Slade demonstrates a slick stylistic flair, but the over over-the-top shock pandering renders the dark lesson convoluted and hard to swallow.
British director David Slade announces himself as a master of economy and discrimination by leaving the horror to the audience's imagination. This movie will make you squirm like you've never squirmed before.
Slade and his actors keep the tension high, and the questions don't come to mind until after the credits roll.
... [I]t's Page who really carries the picture, delivering screenwriter Brian Nelson's clever dialogue so convincingly, we actually become scared for the child predator that she's tormenting.
a great suspence thriller in the likes of misery
It's the kind of indie film that makes its mark by a controversial theme, an infamous scene, and dines out on its film-festival buzz.
Thoroughly confounding the 'normal' relationship between abuser and victim, first-time director Slade presents a complex morality tale under the guise of an exploitation thriller.
The film's strength is in the way it continually sustains suspense, particularly in the use of sound effects. Very little is shown, but much is heard.
Unreels with smooth pace and unexpected grace notes, both visually and by its two leads.
A psychological thriller in which the mouse hunts the cat.
It is extraordinarily accomplished but finally pretty sick.
A cracking little thriller which makes you think even as it's keeping you on the edge of your seat. It's not always easy viewing, but Hard Candy is an intelligent, challenging film which deserves to be seen.
Strong one-on-one acting elevates this table-turning horror show.
You can sense that it wants to be talked about more than it wants to actually say anything
Hard-hitting independent thriller about child molestation and vigilante justice.
This swamp gets very murky indeed. Bring your moral compass.
While I couldn't recommend Hard Candy [rated R] for its easy entertainment value, it is worth seeing for how a relative newcomer like David Slade handles a high tension two hander.
A film that will have you both squirming in your seat and teetering on the edge of it.
Smart, challenging and timely look at the world of internet grooming.
It's smart, funny, and surprisingly visually discreet. Some scenes may leave you doubled-up, but the overall effect is, as the saying goes, better than a kick in the balls.
Packaged in an increasingly lurid, credibility-free storyline, delivered with unstinting insensitivity by a first-time director determined to show off his ad-man's box of visual tics.
[Hard Candy is] a stylishly directed thriller that's worth seeing for its intense performances, but there are too few surprises and the end result is disappointing.
Harrowing psychological drama that pushes every conceivable button while pushing viewers over the edge... Candy is nasty through and through, and it leaves an acidic aftertaste.
She's a tease with a whiff of fascist certainty in her summary judgments. It might be interesting to read what some post-feminists make of such a sleek action character.
Brian Nelson's script is tight, but a more ambiguous, evenhanded finale might have been more thought-provoking.
Those willing to subject themselves to it are in for [Ellen Page's] noteworthy performance and one of the most terrifying films to come down the pike in awhile.
Hard to swallow provocative but exploitative jailbait revenge fantasy flick.
This is one particularly edgy and disturbing little film, and it will no doubt have people talking by the end of the year -- if not for its taboo subject matter, then for the brilliant performance by its Lolitaesque star, Ellen Page.
Ellen Page comes off as a pint-sized Cillian Murphy with the vocabulary of Veronica Mars pushed through a Canandian sieve.
As an exercise in grueling psychological suspense, the movie is -- literally -- several 'cuts' above the rest.
The acting is also top-notch, as Patrick Wilson gives a desperate turn despite being tied up for much of the time, while Ellen Page steals the show with a grueling, star-making performance.
Hard Candy is both as ambiguous, and as obvious, a movie as you're likely to find in mainstream American cinema.
It's not the surprise that keeps us gripped; it's the deeply creepy writing and amazingly raw performances that do it.
It takes creepy, spooky, and altogether ooky to a hideous new level.
A daring two-character drama that goes sour in its last half-hour ... In this Misery with a teen twist, Ellen Page delivers a mint performance far beyond her years.
A bitter Candy.
...a twisted battle of the sexes, featuring both seriously insightful subject matter and enough vicious put-downs to make Peg and Al Bundy blush.
Amazingly uncomfortable and only occasionally implausible. It's guaranteed to spark a reaction and a conversation.
A calculated provocation with pretensions to public service value (think of the infamous 'molester' episode of 'Diff'rent Strokes').
If Slade's intent is so clever, then why is the film so stupid as to hamfist a two-hour anti-pedophilia PSA down the throats of an entire culture that, by and large, already agrees with the premise...?
Hard Candy is not perfect, but it is a provocative piece of filmmaking with a dark and daring heart that makes it worth seeing.
It's well worth seeing, because it is well made -- apart from a few gaps in logic -- and well acted.
... a film that gives you something to think about, raising questions that linger long after the theater lights have brightened.
Hard Candy is an exploitation film, with very little happening but a guy getting tortured for about 75 minutes of screen time.
The aptly named Hard Candy is a challenging, flawed but strangely engrossing film.
... icky, incoherent thriller ...
... no matter who does what to whom, what you're looking at is My Torture Session with Andrew, in one way or another.
It's cinematic S&M, a bondage-control game masquerading as a thriller.
... while the film's blunter, more thrillerish and sadistic second half is less unnerving than its bloodless first, it still works as a smarter than usual cat-and-mouse death match.
You might feel like squirming, but you will not want to look away.
The acting is incredible.
... once seen, Hard Candy doesn't easily give up its grip.
... a revolting piece of work.
Hard Candy not only trips along a tightrope line between exploitation and art; in some ways, that line is its subject.
Hard Candy is sweet poison indeed.
The questions posed by Hard Candy may not be as profound as the filmmakers believe, but they are enough to keep us thinking for the length of a movie that deftly uses exploitation to explore exploitation.
Though it is skillfully made and well-acted, it's also exploitative and nauseating.
Instead of telling a story, Hard Candy cooks up one grueling ordeal after another.
Hard Candy is tantalizing, brutal, fetishistic, gripping and exhausting, with plenty of moments for movie patrons to shout advice at the screen.
At the very first, Hard Candy plays hardball. It's hard to watch, hard to listen to, hard to think about. And then it falls apart.
Hard Candy is the rare movie that may be worthiest for the arguments you'll have after it's over.
... a movie that will inspire discussions once it's over.
It's Page's turn as the psychopathically righteous Hayley that grabs your full attention.
Seen as a film, seen as acting and direction, seen as just exactly how it unfolds on the screen, Hard Candy is impressive and effective.
It's just cheap exploitation, teasing around a serious issue and then, disappointingly, running from it.
Page brings a shocking intensity to this role that makes her one of the few actors out there who could get into a staredown with Pacino or DeNiro and live to tell about it.
Two parts sheer brilliance, one part contrived mess.
It's hard to find a warm spot in the heart for anyone here, or for those who created them.
A harrowing drama that keeps kicking up the intensity another notch until it kicks it two notches too many, Hard Candy is involving because you truly can't guess how it will end.
Hard Candy is a psychological thriller as chilling as a cold, serrated blade to the jugular.
Hard Candy is the kind of movie that fairly demands coffee and discussion afterward.
Only two males working in perfectly mediocre pulp harmony would dream up an avenging teen angel like this one.
I screamed. I squirmed. As a 2 person film, a stunning debut by director David Slade. Ellen Page and Patrick Wilson are sensational.
Curiously sticky with the residue of lurid exploitation.
Candy sets up the tense situation, builds it up patiently, masterfully, then has no idea where to go with it. At least Page's career has an obvious direction -- up.
Page never shies away from the implication that Hayley might be deeply disturbed by her own set of demons.
Because of its tricky subject matter and a pair of stellar performances, it's tempting to give "Hard Candy" more credit than it's entitled to.
There's really only one compelling reason to see this film and that is the extraordinary performance by young Ellen Page, a breakout if ever there was one.
enough clever dialogue and strong acting performances to satisfy
The movie often talks circles around itself, trying to layer in subtext to cover for a slasher movie final act, but it was still enough to have me squirming in my seat.
Hard Candy is supposed to be another cautionary tale about the dangerous risks of online chat-room dating, but ends up being just another psychological horror flick about pedophilia in which Little Red Riding Hood turns the tables on the wolf.
That all its castration talk is prolonged to willfully torturous lengths could be forgiven were the film much more inspired in its interplay.
As frightening and unsettling as any gore-drenched horror movie of the last year.
It really takes us on this ride.
Characters like these two can still grab us by the throat and refuse to let us go.
The film talks a good game of feminine empowerment verses privileged masculine mischief but nothing really takes off for a touchy showcase in the squirm-ridden arena of pedophilia outrage
An adult thriller that will have its male audience crossing their legs or holding them tightly together.
There is no question that Hard Candy is an intense and unnerving little film. But when all is said and done it's a rather empty exercise in hot button pushing.
Hard Candy ultimately lacks the balls to follow through on its most discomfiting promises, choosing instead to wallow in a surfeit of final-reel tidiness.
It's the second act where Hard Candy earns the seat-squirmer reputation it will one day have.
I was floored and stunned and shocked and dismayed and I thought, Yeah, men and women are gonna have a lot to say to one another about this movie.
Hard Candy, a highly original psychological thriller/revenge fantasy, can be bitterly hard to take and uncomfortably intense, but it's well worth consuming.
A queasy blend of exploitation-movie nastiness and blunt moral lesson.
Not only arch and preposterous but a serious con job to boot.
As gripping as Hard Candy is, one can't quite shake away the feeling that we're the ones being exploited by its mordant blend of kinky revenge fantasy and push-me-pull-you moral vision.
Hard Candy takes itself way too seriously. It's a genre movie that serves empty calories weighted with self-importance.
What we have here is simply a spectacularly unpleasant horror show, or an attempt to out-outrage the trio of poison playwrights I've mentioned. And yet Nelson's imagination thunders away with such demon perversity that I eagerly await his next work.
It's really a canny use of the medium to raise serious questions about point of view and empathy in the exploitation genre.
The film's greatest flaw is its conception of its 14-year-old heroine (?) as an avenging angel of death, complete with otherworldly confidence and poise, devoid of the kind vulnerability that would mark a girl of this age.
exploits the politics of pedophilia, sensationalizing it for today's slasher market
The scenario at play here -- reportedly based on real-life attacks on suspected pedophiles by schoolgirls in Japan -- is an intriguing one, but as executed ultimately stretches plausibility.
Riveting.
It is a hot-button thriller meant to enflame and infuriate. Yet, it is also laugh-out-loud funny, perversely so at times, and gosh darn it the pipsqueak female Paul Kersey sitting at its center isn't oftentimes a bubbly effervescent delight.
Skews just enough toward Death and the Maiden and away from Saw III.
A great film on this disturbing subject deserves to be made, but Hard Candy is way too soft.
The movie is subjective, and it doesn't paint a lazy picture of who is good or bad
Hard Candy is an ugly film, which is not precisely meant as an aesthetic or even a moral judgment.
Go for the gut and the shock value and add some obvious dumb monologues that explain deep-seated troubles in the bad guy and St. Crispin's Day victory speeches from the 14-year-old's mouth.
Doesn't let itself be pinned down as being about something, but a movie this skilled at getting under my skin doesn't need a purpose.
Wilson might be playing a rapist of teenagers, but after 10 minutes of watching Page contort and stammer in such a loud, self-aware fashion, he doesn't look like such a bad guy after all.
It's there to be experienced, tolerated, and appreciated for the wretched, well-executed, difficult, artful, and appalling creation that it is.
The whole affair feels as much like a stunt as it does an exploration of crime and punishment, but is no less thrilling a ride.
Maddeningly exploitative, the film takes a provocative subject -- pedophilia -- and wraps it in a sterile, vacuum-sealed package, devoid of meaning.
Hard Candy will make the guys squirm in their seats for extended lengths of time as diminutive Hayley coldly goes about her business punishing Jeff for his crimes.
More sour than hard, this highfalutin exploitation flick starts with an unsavory premise that quickly becomes downright unpalatable.
This is what horror films are all about.
Hayley and Jeff come across in almost equally repellent measure, their behaviors driven less by organic impulses than by their need to satisfy the script's elaborate series of reversals and counter-reversals.
As Hard Candy moves further and further away from its opening scenes' gripping ambiguity, the frightening conviction Page brings to her role becomes the only thing keeping the film from lurching into sleazy, pulpy camp.
Isn't merely difficult to swallow, but none too tasty going down.
Will get under your skin with an intensity on the verge of being just plain evil.
There is nothing sugar-coated about this taut, timely psycho-thriller.
Hard Candy enters a miasma of revelation and revenge - one that might have worked better on the stage than the screen, where the story's claustrophobia and increasingly unwieldy plot twists take a major toll.
Though dealing with a serious issue--pedophilia--the movie comes across as an exploitation femme-revenge thriller in the vein of Ms. 45, Extremities, and Fatal Attraction, but, fortunately, it's extremely well acted by Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page.
To watch Hard Candy is, at moments, to be very afraid, but the scariest thing about it is the fury of Page's talent.
the entire film hinges on how Page and Wilson execute their roles. With apologies to Carly Simon, I can't imagine anybody doing it better.
[The film] contrives to wag its own finger at itself -- to have its bonbon and eat it too.
There's a lot more going on here than just a revenge fantasy. These are two fascinating characters, and watching them thrust and parry proves to be as impossible to turn away from as observing a grotesque roadside accident.
A smart thriller ... feels like Fatal Attraction updated for the internet age.
Hard Candy's calculated intimations of bloodshed are, like everything else about this faux-grrrl power fiasco, just phony posturing.
I say again, Ellen Page is in the room! You read it here.
One of the most challenging and darkly, smartly entertaining movies of the year.
Clever, provocative and extremely well-acted.
An intense, well-acted film that deals with its alarming subject matter in an audacious way.
Yeah, this candy is hard to handle, but at the same time it's oh so sweet.
This is an extremely well-made film that pushes precisely the right buttons.
A spectacular performance by teenage thesp Ellen Page elevates this disturbing slice of designer shocksploitation into a film that's impossible to dismiss on principle.


@highlight

Disturbing, controversial, but entirely engrossing, Hard Candy is well written with strong lead performances, especially that of newcomer Ellen Page. A movie that stays with the viewer long after leaving the theater.