Yet another ballroom dancing movie presents dance as a universal balm that heals life's problems in this mildly inspired dramatic comedy.
Why would Frank drop everything to embark on this lunatic mission? Well, the answer is simple. If he didn't, there would be no movie - and perhaps that wouldn't have been such a bad thing.
A surprisingly-moving message movie about love and redemption filled with sentimental and transformational moments leading to tearjerker of a finale.
A miscast hodgepodge of a genre stew.
That the film was itself borne out of risk invests its message with an honesty and an authenticity more than sufficient to offset its flaws.
Utterly charming.
Strong performances and moving themes are drowned in a sea of sentimentality.
I could believe almost nothing of this under-written, over-emoted saga.
the entire movie is ridiculous
This is a wildly ill-conceived jumble, and not even its impressive cast can rescue it.
... slight and slurry, like a champagne buzz.
In this death-obsessed movie, the characters' lives flash before the audience's eyes - really, really slowly.
Clunky romantic comedy, which has the annoying habit of turning dead serious at exactly the wrong moment.
Miller has all but smothered the charm right out of his Charm School.
Not content to tell two lousy, maudlin stories at once, the movie goes for a full three.
The movie is so bad it brings up a question %u2014 what's the opposite of a comeback film?
The picture trivializes the characters, hinting at depths it can't depict, aiming at a profundity of feeling it can't begin to reach.
Beyond Wahlberg's deft moves, School's dancing is leaden, not charming, and the only challenge is enduring the film's lumbering progress until it finally clicks at the end.
The sort of cloying, sentimental heart-tugger that would be more at home on network television than the big screen.
Marilyn Hotchkiss... is a bit device driven as it flashes back and forth from Frank's lonely life to the accident that will change him forever
Fine actors and acting do not compensate for a script with too many flaws.
Yes, it's shamelessly sentimental, and fairly predictable, but it has a big heart and an even bigger cast.
Predictable and decidedly old-fashioned in its sensibility, the film is likely to win over audiences if not critics.
While it's at times too melodramatic and formulaic to be entirely successful, it still holds some appeal; its very amateurishness is what makes it charming.
The thing is so clumsily scored and staged, so filled with banal self-help homilies, so predictable and ordinary and flat, that what should have been a quick glide around the floor becomes a slog.
Marilyn Hotchkiss' Ballroom Dancing and Charm School may stumble at times, but at least it gets out on the dance floor and has a good time.
The film moves like a newbie following a diagram of arrows and shoes and counting out loud.
It's been simultaneously overwritten and underdirected by Randall Miller, who has turned his sweet 16-year-old short film into a syrupy, long-faced drama.
two cliches and a bit of nostalgia all crashing against each other
Not only are the shifts in time unclear, but the film lacks a stable emotional tone.
Think about this. You liked a schoolmate when you were 8, and for 40 years have focused on this reunion. Are you crazy?
What started out as a A Christmas Story-like film from a child's point of view somehow became a glum midlife tragedy that would do well between Oprah reruns on Lifetime.
Wildly inconsistent in tone and point of view, torn between grim and sitcom-silly acting styles, slathered with a frosting of pop-psych self-help clichés, it's the film equivalent of the jarring car crash that sets the story in motion.
As absorbingly weird and dark and sad as the film becomes, it still labors against jumpy construction, an irritating variety of visual styles and film stocks, and a crowded story.
Too cute, too transparent, too precious and ultimately too much.
About all that unifies the movie is its inclination to turn little people's dreams into limply 'affectionate' camp.
Forgive the occasional forays into schmaltz-land as Marilyn Hotchkiss shows us how to dance, and love, in spite of it all.
Good performances, good actors. Kind of a terrible story.
Though it's fun to see Carlyle play something other than a bad guy, and all the actors here are working hard, it's a lost cause. Miss this one.
This well-intentioned film about loss, grief and new beginnings gets bogged down in syrupy cliches and blunt self-help dialogue.
Marilyn Hotchkiss' Ballroom Dance & Charm School is like a first date who shows up at the door with flowers, candy, a blood test and a U-Haul. It's trying much too hard.
For a movie centered on a class where students learn poise and grace, Marilyn Hotchkiss Ballroom Dancing & Charm School is woefully clumsy.
It's got two left feet -- and charm is in dangerously short supply.
If you think the title is endless, wait till you see Goodman's death scene.
Charming? Hardly. With its woefully forlorn leading man, phony learning-to-live-again love story and not nearly enough dancing, this is one class you can afford to skip.
With a few too many characters and plot fibers to track and about 100 minutes to do it, Miller goes for easy resolutions and leaves a lot of questions unanswered.
You've always suspected that going to dance class and charm school wouldn't be a lot of fun. Now a movie has come along that proclaims the truth: You were right all along.
For much of its length, Hotchkiss verges on archness: If it eventually wins us over, it's in large part thanks to the terrific cast Miller has assembled.
Marilyn Hotchkiss demonstrates that the same old construct can be made thrillingly fresh with the right components.
Marilyn Hotchkiss Ballroom Dancing and Charm School is a soggy, endless wallow in nostalgia and the healing power of very bad dancing.
It's all a treacly, shoddily assembled, underwritten mess.
The point of the film is that anything is possible when you open your heart to new experiences. Simplistic, for sure. Simple-minded, maybe. But the feel-good pleasures in a movie with this much positive thinking are undeniable.
This flat-footed male weepie musters an insurance ad's worth of clichés about the importance of busting a move in middle age -- and it strains so hard to do so that it's almost perversely compelling.
Shows how dancing becomes a route to personal transformation for a man mired in mourning.
Suggest the first rom-com directed by Alejandro González Iñarritu.
Watchable enough, but many insufferable scenes particularly any with the presence of John Goodman and with the school's founding director.
Long on good intentions but short on believability.
Marilyn Hotchkiss Ballroom Dancing & Charm School juggles three separate time periods -- and is completely formulaic in each one.
In summary it sounds familiar, but something has gone awry with the crowd-pleasing formula in this all-too-personal project.

@highlight

Clumsily staged and brimming with melodrama and trite self-help cliches, this dance movie stays stuck at amateur level.