This is fun, but it turns Boris's doomsday neurotic rants into mere cartoon caterwauling. Levant, who never got a happy ending, would no doubt sneer.
Woody Allen is always exploring new avenues. While Whatever Works isn't close to his best films, it is far better than most of the current crop of romantic comedies, most of which are schlock.
[Whatever Works] has defenses built into it.
As a committed Allenphile who once dressed like Annie Hall and longed to be Hannah's sister, I've loved all of Woody's work and his latest is no exception.
There's just no real soul to Boris, no hint of the mania behind his crazed, neurotic worldview, no inherent and implied backstory that a skilled actor can provide. David is game and does his best, but let's call this what it is: Stunt casting.
This gleefully ironic comic fable feels different in tone from the likes of Vicky Christina Barcelona and Match Point. Woody has dusted off an old screenplay from the early 1970s that he'd originally written for Zero Mostel, shelved when the star died.
Whatever works está llena de momentos geniales y divertidos, pero también de cierta humanidad en sus personajes que suele ser disfrazada de sarcasmo. Un verdadero show de Larry David, gentileza de Woody Allen.
Woody Allen's comedy doesn't work- on any level.
People cynically walk into so much expecting disappointment - auditoriums showing Woody Allen's annual crapshoot, for example. Sometimes, they get expected middling results. Sometimes, as with Allen's 30-year-old script, they get unanticipated surprises.
The heart of the film belongs to Wood, Clarkson and Begley Jr., and they provide the biggest laughs. Watching their Southern-charm slowly transformed (corrupted?) by the emotional/artistic/erotic flavours of New York City is a typical Allen-esque treat.
Even when delivering something of a regression, as this film is, (Allen) still packs more laughs and ideas into a film than most filmmakers do into a career.
Even diehard fans might find it a bit of a chore.
It won't win Allen new converts, but for those of faith, it offers consolation.
Whatever Works is a welcome return to Allen's New York roots and enjoyable insofar as it is far wittier than most modern comedies, but it lacks anything fresh to say.
David might be plugging a gap between Curb series, but Allen can do better.
Whatever Works works.
What's Woody Allen's worst film? Look no further.
Tragically making Vicky Cristina Barcelona look like a happy accident, Whatever Works is retro Allen that smacks of desperation.
For all its wobbles, Whatever Works is rooted in an agreeable sensibility: life favours fate over luck more than we'd like to think, so grab whatever chances of happiness come your way.
It's not classic Woody Allen, despite him writing it 40 years ago, but you'll be fairly entertained.
The rhythm of comedy dialogue has changed, yet Allen executes his script in a manner that leaves the cast swimming in a piece that feels curiously dated, like it's a lost picture from yesteryear.
Allen showed us better than anyone what the good times really look like. We can't quite give up on that. We never will.
Great news! Woody Allen has extended his run of decent films! To two!
There's an abundance of incisive one-liners and embittered tirades, with David bringing a new caustic flavour to Allen's nebbish alter ego, and if the action is occasionally contrived and stagy, it's mostly amusing and assured.
It seems that Allen -- who hasn't needed to prove himself in an age -- is now happy to settle for, well, whatever works.
Whatever Works is derived from a project Allen sketched out in the '70s, shelved due to quality concerns. First thought, best thought.
Enjoyable, well written and frequently amusing Woody Allen comedy that doesn't exactly break any new ground but should at least bring in the Larry David fans.
While you may well have heard this sort of thing before, the familiarity of the humour makes it all the more lovable.
Representa mais um esforço acima da média deste cineasta que, mesmo aos 74 anos, não dá sinais de pretender diminuir seu ritmo de produção.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The fact that the apartment set seems so stagebound, there's almost no pretense of pretending we're not on a set, makes the movie quite hollow and canned.
Finally catching the feature on Blu-ray after taking an absurdly stubborn stance of protest this summer, I have to say with all honesty, Sony Pictures Classics probably made the right choice to pull the picture away from further negative response.
All rather mellow and predictable.
Whatever Works is funnier than anything he's done in a long time -- funny in the robust vaudevillian manner of Groucho Marx.
I actually quite enjoyed this, except this sort of constant rant: the contempt he has for humanity and yadda yadda yadda.
In the end, Whatever Works just about does work, though there's an awkwardness about it that is never quite dispelled.
Allen wrote the script almost 40 years ago, and then voluntarily shelved it because studios at the time expressed doubts about its quality. If it wasn't good enough back then, why drag it out now?
Whatever Works, like its lead character, takes a long while to draw us in, but once it does it is enjoyable, thoughtful and decidedly Woody.
Woody Allen's supposedly undiscovered masterpiece is a complete failure, featuring a one-note performance from the usually hilarious Larry David.
Fans of Allen's work should be happy to find him back in Manhattan, still exploring the meaning of his existence through some typically funny one-liners.
Vicious laughs and smart shots at our "enlightened" humanity abound, but a nasty current of misanthropy overpowers Woody' latest work.
You come away from it wishing there were more laugh-out-loud moments, a little less contrivance, and more enthusiasm curbed.
The result is a stew that is not as satisfying as the gumbo which Boris Yellnikoff (Larry David) gets to enjoy
I really enjoyed the film. It's not Allen's best and there is a theatricality that keeps us at arm's length; despite the highly successful direct to camera confidences, which are surprisingly endearing. Allen has knitted together a sweater of angst
A more mean spirited but still very funny film aimed mainly at Woody'searly period devotees that includes a spirited turn by Evan Rachel Wood.
Woody Allen has a definite formula for his comedies, and his latest shows just how worn out, tired, and outdated it's become.
A sub-Don Rickles nuisance at 5 minutes and medieval torture at 92
Woody Allen is infuriating. He has created some of the most radical and important comedy of all time. But Woody Allen is old and he is lazy and he just doesn't care.
[T]he stiffness of David's performance gives one renewed appreciation for Allen's sometimes overlooked acting abilities.... But Allen continues to write the best jokes in the business.
Feels like it stepped in dog doo-doo but doesn't know it.
David's human sandpaper delivery gives a full, deep voice to Allen's reckless misanthropy.
Whatever Works doesn't have the exotic flair of last year's Oscar-winning Vicky Cristina Barcelona, but what it lacks in sexy accents and pretension, it makes up for in sheer laughability and entertainment value.
This crotchety comedy generates consistent laughs through its sarcastic nihilism and colourful characters
David and Allen seem to be straining to create caricatures of the other's screen persona - and the results are inevitably self-negating, a comedic black hole from which not even laughter can escape.
If Annie Hall put forth the idea of art making right that which couldn't be made right in life, Whatever Works is that idea put into practice.
Whatever Works is bound to seem familiar, but [Allen's] found a winning formula, even if this film's title suggests a less than fastidious approach to getting it right.
[It] goes from burned-out Allen motif to a mannered dinner theater production in little less than 10 minutes. And it stays there.
Consider our enthusiasm curbed.
Whatever Works makes more of a demand on a viewer's willingness to suspend disbelief than movies about vampires or giant robots.
After the fiercely enjoyable Vicky Christina Barcelona, this return to New York City is a letdown, though not without a few charms.
This acidic, patronizing and painfully unfunny comedy nearly undoes all the good will that the veteran screenwriter/director had recouped with his later-period, Europe-bound mysteries and dramas.
The result is a witty, well-played work without an adequate center. If you can get past that, Whatever Works does.
Unlike last year's Vicky Cristina Barcelona, which felt fresh and contemporary, Whatever Works seems dated. Allen has covered these themes so often that they provide few surprises.
It is a once-more-into-the-void cosmic shrug of the shoulders by a man whose films, almost more than any other American director's, reflect his world view.
Whatever Works isn't topnotch Woody Allen, but it's still immensely funny.
The update isn't entirely successful and the film has unignorable flaws. But enough of the zest and freshness of the original creation are still evident in Whatever Works so that it can stand comfortably alongside other, better Allen films.
Whatever Works isn't deep, but with Grandpa Woody, you accept the warmed over, the recycled, just relieved he hasn't made a spectacle of himself.
Whatever Works won't set the world on fire but it has more than its share of riotously hysterical moments and delicious absurdities.
It's a movie that feels assembled from the leftovers Allen found in his fridge.
30 years after he wrote and shelved this script, the conceptual creakiness of Whatever Works might have been redeemed only by the director in the starring role.
If anyone else had made this unromantic comedy, they'd be accused of ripping off Manhattan. Since it was made by Allen, let's just accuse him of not having many fresh ideas in the past three decades.
The working title for Whatever Works should have been 'The Heart Wants What it Wants.
So long as you don't hurt anybody and adapt to a New York state of mind... "whatever works"
A spoonful of Melody St. Ann Celestine helps the misanthrophy go down.
The role of Boris was written for Zero Mostel, who just might have been able to pull it off. But with David instead of vulnerable humanity you get a lot of agitated monologues...
This toxic, contemptuous, unforgivably unfunny bagatelle finds Allen at his most misanthropically one-note.
If Allen's recent deviations from his formula have been enough of a palate-cleanser for fans -- or, better, if you've just taken a break from him for a while -- the film has plenty of laughs.
It appears 73-year-old Woody Allen finally drew the line and elected to pair 21-year-old Evan Rachel Wood with someone closer to her own age. So he sent in 62-year-old Larry David to pinch-hit.
Preachy, nihilistic, derogatory and unfocused.
Approaches the line that's ever-present in Allen's films dividing funny misanthropy from sour misanthropy, and tramples all over it.
If you want to see Larry David limp around and see his view of 'the glass is probably covered with diseases so who cares if it's half empty or half full,' then go along for this ride.
Whatever Works is reminiscent of Allen's much-loved films about relationships in Manhattan in which comedy vies with angst, with a soupçon of Jewish humor.
I am a huge Woody Allen fan, but I had a hard time with Whatever Works.
Part of Boris' worldview seems to be to excuse the movie in which he stars. Try not to overthink it, Allen seems to say: just enjoy it.
A more vibrant film than Allen's worst but the screenwriting mistakes and general misanthropy hold it back from being anywhere near his best.
Larry David is a keeper.
The dialogue is forced and stagey, the actions as predictable as they are improbable and the insights little more than dusty clichés.
It never registers as more than a writer's conceit.
We've seen this kind of May-December setup in many Allen movies, but this one follows a less predictable path and with more amusing secondary characters.
...a sporadically watchable yet hopelessly uneven piece of work...
Allen and David do stuff in Whatever Works that shouldn't work but does.
Woody Allen had a nice winning streak going for him, and then he brought in his younger self to screw things up.
Larry David's caustic, neurotic misanthropy fits with Allen's own nebbishy pessimism like onions fit in a knish.
Coming off last year's Vicky Cristina Barcelona, the freshest Allen film in more than a decade, Whatever Works plays like a hoary old Broadway stage comedy yanked, reluctantly, into the present.
As Whatever Works creaks along, the attention-getting nastiness of the first half dissipates and it turns into just another Woody Allen overacted sex farce.
Coming off last year's Vicky Cristina Barcelona, the freshest Allen film in more than a decade, Whatever Works plays like a hoary old Broadway stage comedy yanked, reluctantly, into the present.
Whatever Works would have only worked if its director had written his trademark self-caricature out of it.
It's as if Allen took a Parisian romantic rondeley and gave it his own New York flavor...[Rachel Evan Wood is] positively endearing.
Larry David is the mind of the enterprise, and Evan Rachel Wood is the heart.
Whatever Works, a reported reworking of a 30-year-old script, is overtly old.
Although this film will not write anything new in the Woody Allen history book there is always room for one more feel good movie.
It's consistently very funny, sharp and observant.
It's no secret that I am a lifelong Woody Allen fan.
Does little except reinforce the notion that Allen's creative well has long since run dry.
Woody Allen's clumsy, unfunny, preachy homage to secular humanism commits the cardinal sin; it's devoid of humor.
Tepid adult comedy is no Allen masterpiece.
It's good to have Allen return to the city he grew up in. Can the grown-up Woody come back now, please?
For now, [Allen] has given up making films that are about anything bigger than a quirky theme and a few dozen one-liners.
As a holding pattern until Allen gets a new, better movie together, this works for now.
Woody Allen and Larry David! What could be better than this dream team?
Except for brief moments, Whatever Works does not involve.
A belabored trifle that's occasionally amusing but often just bewildering, beginning with the movie's intentionally outlandish setup.
An unappealing drama about an obnoxious, cynical, and bitter old man.
The idea of wedding Woody Allen's comic persona (the introverted nebbish) to Larry David's (the entitled jerk) sounds promising on paper, but as Boris portentously observes just before his unsuccessful suicide attempt, life doesn't take place on paper.
My problem with Whatever Works is not that the premise is a wee bit familiar. Rather, it's that the delivery is off.
Some may observe that two of every three jokes fall flat, but I'm a little bit amazed that Allen would toss that one good third into such a sloppy story, like a fistful of prized truffles whisked quickly into a pan of Tuna Helper.
"Whatever Works" isn't a good Woody Allen movie, even by latter-day standards. It is, however, a surprisingly offensive Woody Allen movie.
I know it is not as fashionable to say this as it once was, but I love Woody Allen.
Despite the negative tenor of the dialogue, the film itself has a sweet quality.
Powered by Larry David as Woody Allen's most successful avatar; if you can suspend your disbelief to go with the absurd geriatric male fantasy plot, the rest of the film is your oyster.
Minor, to be sure, but Woody Allen's most unabashedly sunny movie in years.
A superficial bit of cultural warfare that pits New York as the epitome of all things grand and cultured and those from the South as simple minded, impressionable bumpkins.
One would think Allen had worked though his on-screen fascination with the older man-young girl scenario by now. This latest exploration just feels derivative and musty.
Whatever Works feels like something out of time and, worse, out of step.
Though this is lesser Allen, it contains enough laugh-out-loud moments in Woody's old vein to make it an enjoyable trifle.
Dusting off an ancient script intended for Zero Mostel three decades ago, Allen tweaks the material enough to supply David with bilious rants about the stupidity and meaninglessness of man and the universe.
a more successful variation on Allen's shoulder-shrugging philosophy
I prefer my Woody and my Larry in separate doses. Perhaps it's sometimes best to choose just the peanut butter or the chocolate.
[Woody] Allen's execution -- dim, repressed Red Staters get liberated in the big city -- will register best with his core audience.
Whatever Works is a slapdash composition built around a single note.
In this return to Manhattan - and to his old tricks - Woody Allen finds a perfect representative in Larry David.
The fact that Allen wrote the script in the '70s explains something about why his newest movie feels so old.
The movie was emblematic of his output of late -- slight plots, slighter characters, lackadaisical storytelling that recycles enough of the neuroses-fueled charm of his earlier films to keep the Woody Allen machine in business.
The worst thing about Woody's latest is Larry David.
Ten years after his great expectoration of bile in Deconstructing Harry, Woody Allen comes up with Whatever Works -- the most shameless, cynically titled Hollywood con job since the days of Billy Wilder.
Whatever Works is a dubious idea at best, but when nothing works, it's time to throw out the script and move on to omething that does.
A wonderful character study not only about the four main characters but also New York City itself and how it affects everyone who enters it.
Whatever Works illustrates, even as it names, Allen's artistic limitations.
Whatever Works is a fun and funny sit, a dose of old-school Allen ladled on top of a new New York that, after all these years, still needs him.
This is pretty broad stuff, but Clarkson is so much more vital and amiable than anyone else that you instantly root for her.
Larry David makes a terrific alter-ego for Woody Allen in this familiar farce, advocating a non-judgmental attitude about the diverse choices people make to find happiness.
Allen had the stroke of casting brilliance to choose Larry David ... The all-purpose misanthrope: a role David was born to play.
An out of the closet marinating script liberated from three decades long mothballs, finds the raw unplugged, get-even with the cosmos vintage Woody shining through.
"Whatever Works" is Boris Yellnikoff's personal motto. It works for him, for his rag-tag friends, and best of all, for the audience, too.
Evidence that Woody Allen's return to making films in America--it's his first since 2004 ("Melinda and Melinda")--comes with the loss of his mind.
Overly theatrical, maybe, but as Woody Allen's alter ego, Larry David works.
In small doses, [David] turns the narcissistic jerk into a hipster. But as an actor he has no equipment for suggesting a conflicted inner life: It's all just straight to the camera, uninflected bombast.
Whatever Works does not: Marking a return to Allen's favorite locale, his comedy rehashes old ideas and jokes, casting Larry David in a role that decades ago Allen could have played with his eyes closed.
The Woodman's return to New York after a four-year European sojourn finds him working very familiar territory much less fruitfully than in the past.
Though stuffed with witty one-liners and wondrously convoluted tirades, this far-fetched, deliberately artificial game of musical chairs...feels forced, often losing itself in excess verbiage.
Whatever Works transcends Allen formulas thanks to David, who is taller, balder and more foul-mouthed than the usual types Allen himself has played.
While Allen's screenplay features plenty of amusing one-liners...its tired handling of so many overly familiar themes eventually proves enervating.












@highlight

Based upon a script written in the 1970s, Woody Allen's Whatever Works suffers from a lack of fresh ideas.