Suffice it to say that I don't understand the rave reviews that this picture received, and I was not a happy camper when I left the theater.
But along with a finely crafted screenplay, the film's truly brilliant touch, and what makes this nightmarish fable all the more effective and original, is its stunning black and white photography.
The White Ribbon breathes an unholy life into the generation of children who would grow up to become the obedient soldiers and members of the Nazi party.
It magnetizes us through profound degrees of mystery, psychology, dramatic intensity and perceptive dialogue, and then still retains enough power after the closing credits to leave us in thoughtful contemplation of its more cerebral perspectives.
After reflecting on the film awhile, I found that I had been drawn into its beauty and its mystery too much not to give it at least a slight recommendation.
As for Haneke's handling of the material, his directing is immaculate. Every moment is the product of a penetrating mind and a steady talent.
This film is a total drag to watch. It is slow. It is dark. It is depressing, and it seems as though it is never going to end. It is torture to sit through this film. It runs 144 minutes and seems twice that long.
The White Ribbon is Michael Haneke's masterpiece. It is not a movie about abstract concepts or a director's power over his characters - well, at least it's not just about those things.
Un inquietante cuadro social, filmado en riguroso blanco y negro, y una reflexión sombría y perturbadora sobre el origen del mal, o al menos de cierto tipo de males.
The White Ribbon is a striking, in many ways indelible work, and it's tempting to be carried away by Haneke's craft and assurance as a filmmaker.
Up close, it's a blur of meticulous details that don't quite make sense; but step back and its towering ambitions become indelibly apparent.
A direct and simple human lesson -- that negative reinforcement creates negative consequences.
Haneke knows how violence seeps into every recess of our lives, and he evokes it not to titillate, but to engage and challenge
Both sexes suffer from what Elias Canetti identified in his book Crowds and Power as 'the sting,' a psychological hurt (bullying, abuse) that must be exorcised in reenactment. [Blu-ray]
Haneke makes his way through this complex and knotty subject matter with a staggeringly effortless grace. As an expression of philosophy, it's profound and thought-provoking; as a work of cinema, it is flawless.
... while I appreciate... the unnerving atmosphere of punitive power and calculated cruelty under the carefully managed pose of piety, I find his sensibility sour and cynical...
Executed at an incredibly high level of craft and with an off-putting degree of self-confidence.
As with most of Michael Haneke's films, a chill hangs in the air of The White Ribbon, the constant threat of upheaval eventually lulling you into a tired state of alertness.
Haneke has made a deeply unsettling and gravely beautiful film that tells us very little. But the performances are astonishing, and the faces of the children, caught in long, static close-ups, may haunt you for a long time.
A tantalising, perhaps slightly frustrating film, but a very impressive one.
Unlike conventional thrillers, this film does not restore a moral order to the universe. Rather, it questions it. It must be seen.
At his best, as he is with White Ribbon, Haneke's fusion of art and ideas is unsurpassed.
These disturbing incidents pound the unsuspecting viewer into complete submission. The luminous beauty of the black-and-white cinematography framing the ugly world suggested here only serves to further shock the senses.
Far from enjoyable escapism, The White Ribbon is nonetheless utterly compelling and quite beautiful in its unsettling presentation of this prosaic evil.
he White Ribbon is unsettling, disturbing and enigmatic; it's often horrifying and occasionally eerily beautiful.
As always, Michael Haneke ensures that no audience feels comfortable, using truncated scenes, incompletely framed shots, no underscore music as tools to create the tone and the sense of time and place
The White Ribbon is an austere allegory about a farming village and its inhabitants in Germany that can be interpreted as portending their future. In fact, it invites that interpretation.
... a wonderful re-creation of a certain kind of old movie ...[a]deliberate evocation of antique strangeness ... like the much more playful work of Guy Madden
The White Ribbon is a captivating minimalist horror for about 100 minutes, but by the time the movie tries force its way into the historical context of WWI, it feels like bad history textbook fan fiction.
It is a striking-looking film, and Haneke expertly builds suspense. And yet it feels overlong and never generates the warmth needed to keep audiences involved.
National Socialism: The Prequel.
The White Ribbon, disguised as a beautiful and affecting art-house film, is actually a vicious attack on the sort of fascism that rent the 20th century in two.
The White Ribbon may be Haneke-light thematically but it is a great technical achievement.
Numbs deepest in suggesting the war and its aftermath fanned flames burning within. It's clear what '20s and '30s Germany will spark the fuse to after Haneke's shown us, tick by tick, the little bombs within little lives and little lies, black and white.
Disturbing and provocative shocker.
A disturbing look at the rotting heart inside a seemingly righteous patriarchal society.
I do think The White Ribbon is too long, but I also think it's one hell of a mesmerizing movie.
Haneke's implicit suggestion that the actions of this village reflect the ideologies that would propel the country through two world wars has apparently struck many as brilliant but seems merely facile to me.
A typically engrossing mystery -- or should that be anti-mystery? -- from Haneke.
The ambiguous ending leaves the crimes and the dark happenings unexplained. The movie will remind you of M. Night Shyamalan's "The Village" (2004) and Lars von Trier's "Dogville" (2003).
...a powerful film which provides much food for thought while also proving a bit disappointing, particularly if you're already familiar with Haneke's predilection for taunting his audience.
The Oscar-nominated film may feature thoughtful material and some strong performances, but it starts so slowly and perplexingly that it may lull others to sleep.
Haneke, director of such unsettling films as Caché and Funny Games, gives this 145-minute film a real-time pace that allows its implications to spread slowly like a blood stain.
A strange, masterful film with an ominous black and white sheen. Haneke's unforgettable close-ups and haunting lighting conjure classics from the 1930s.
The White Ribbon is a stark, contemplative and hauntingly brilliant film.
As with all of Haneke's films, the only insight to be had is internal; your reactions and thoughts say more about yourself than the film.
You can squirm, for hours, at a Haneke film, then flee the theater in relief but find, damnably, that can't forget any of it, sometimes for years. It may not be pleasant, but it is most definitely art.
Its murky storyline, phalanx of hard-to-distinguish characters, and glacial pace leaves the impression that both Haneke and the Academy can do better.
Writer-director Michael Haneke doesn't pull any punches, but then he doesn't throw any wild ones, either. His filmmaking shows precisely the sort of obsession with control that the movie itself is denouncing. Interesting, you've got to admit.
A disquieting feeling of apprehension is made palpable in The White Ribbon.
Has the glossy, respectably artistic feeling of a movie designed to win awards, though by all means Haneke's approach to "awards-bait" is of a wholly different register.
Haneke tells this tale a bit too patiently for my taste. But the metaphors are unmistakable, as is the power of the film's message.
The White Ribbon lunges hungrily for serious art-film credibility. Don't be fooled.
Haneke has dramatized his intellectual conceits in an uninvolving, snail-paced movie that illustrates its themes in an obvious, almost banal manner.
Uninformative and frustrating tale of unrest in a pre-war German village. The ending will have you cursing the filmmakers on the way home...instead of asking questions about the subject matter. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Michael Haneke's latest is a great film, but...
Chalk up The White Ribbon as one of those German art films, in which the images are stark and minimalistic, the action languid and slow, and little to nothing is either revealed nor resolved.
The White Ribbon is in black-and-white, but director Michael Haneke is the least black-and-white filmmaker we have.
It is a haunting parable with no real beginning and no easy conclusion, and like life's memories it is the meaning behind events that linger long past recriminations and accusations faded into the dark.
The visuals lend an air of eerie calm to the disturbing series of attacks that begin to infect the town's serene and self-righteous surface.
Anyone familiar with Haneke's work will know he has no interest in the simple pleasures of genre filmmaking. His trademark sadism extends from his characters to the audience itself.
I've in the past grown impatient and exasperated with Haneke's oppressive sense of control, but there is something in The White Ribbon that feels eerily personal, almost confessional.
The White Ribbon doesn't resonate at all. The filmmaker's doom-laden view of humanity -- that we are all unredeemably awful creatures, easily swayed to do dastardly things -- oozes with contempt.
The quintessential art film: slow, demanding, and rewarding for those willing to put forth the intellectual effort necessary to puzzle out its ambiguities.
I don't question Haneke's craft: it's his ideas that get under my skin.
Our second chance in Awards Season '09 to watch a world-class film technician and not-infrequent producer of great movies make a big, awkward lunge for that Entomology Ph.D. he has always wanted.
It's more of a work of highfalutin sociology than compelling cinema.
The White Ribbon is a haunting period tale that suggests what the eventual consequences of living in an oppressive, paternalistic, rigid society might be.
There's no denying this is a coldly commanding tale in which Haneke's signature obsessions simmer quietly as subtext before bursting into the open in the final reels.
The film, even while drawing us into its creepy web, also disappoints.
A subtle and mysterious look into failing feudalism and the involuntary passing of the baton.
With some of the most striking imagery of the year, Haneke's film is not easy to dissect and even less so to shake off when it's over.
Haneke's success in maintaining tension is especially impressive in that he does it despite a loose narrative and the necessity of juggling a dozen characters.
The ends remain loose in The White Ribbon. But that lack of closure is thrilling.
Watching the daisy chain of events is akin to auditing a seminar on incipient fascism taught by a master filmmaker who speaks in a steely murmur, confident of his research.
I wonder if Haneke's point is that we grow so disturbed by danger that we will surrender freedom -- even demand to. Do we feel more secure in an orderly state? Many do.
Just another film by Michael Haneke, designed to provoke and infuriate, posing hard questions and offering no easy answers.
Christian Berger's black-and-white cinematography is as gorgeously rich as writer-director Haneke's screenplay is forbiddingly austere.
It's an M. Night Shyamalan movie with a PhD. Or maybe an MA.
Its austere gloom feels oppressive and monotonous, undercutting its psychological impact.
A severe and eerily beautiful German-language drama by Michael Haneke...
Captures a shell-shocked ambiance that's pruned to near perfection by Haneke, who presses on the senses with masterful control. The film is a world-class tome of horrors.
Intense and enigmatic, it raises provocative issues abut rigid discipline and the abuse of power.
Set in a German village on the eve of World War I, The White Ribbon treats a dozen characters so coldly they could be rats in a maze.
Michael Haneke teases dread and uncertainty from classical form.
Shot with dry discipline in striking black and white, the deliberately paced, consistently unnerving film invites viewers into every corner of its town, from its stately manor to its humblest abode, finding in each an air of unease and discontentment.
Haneke's best and most humane work.
Engrossing, suspenseful and quietly haunting with exquisite cinematography and meticulous attention to detail.
Evocative and suspenseful, it's both a masterful recreation of a past age and a remarkable rumination on the constants of human frailty and societal brutality.
Writer/director Michael Haneke has been exploring the darker effects of society on human behavior throughout his career and, with "The White Ribbon," he has made one of his most chilling and thought provoking films.
It's his best ever.
Though no violence worse than a slap is ever shown being committed, The White Ribbon is so steeped in the awful that the proper response is a shudder.
In crisp, painterly black-and-white, we see crops being gathered, snow falling on churches and homes, people gathered for school or Mass. What's not seen, not even to the characters, is their own undoing.
Think Children of the Damned, Children of the Corn, Children of Men. Think childishly in order to believe that Haneke's ripoffs of Carl Dreyer atmosphere and Ingmar Bergman sexual hysteria are at all original.
The story has a perversely compelling magnetism; you find yourself on the edge of your seat wondering what awful act will be committed by which character next.
Cruelty and paranoia breathe down the neck of this nail-biter, which creates biblical horror out of peace disturbed.
richly drawn and complexly layered in its crisp and perfectly calibrated black-and-white landscape of shadowy house interiors and beautiful, light-drenched exteriors
Haneke doesn't deign to deliver the genre goods-resolution, catharsis, etc. That way he can crudely spell out his themes and yet still give the bourgeois audience the finger.
A pointless, bloodless cinematic construct obsessed with man's capacity for cruelty...the equivalent of watching someone pull the wings off flies.
The narrator-teacher's voice and shy personality lull and convince, and approximation becomes acceptable reality.
Don't let anyone tell you too much about this spellbinder from Austrian writer-director Michael Haneke.
A study of how a small town's worship of Kinder, Küche, Kirche led inexorably into the Third Reich. It is also an implicit warning about trends in the United States.
The movie will haunt you for days.
Alongside filmmakers like Lars von Trier, Abbas Kiarostami, and Nuri Bilge Ceylan, Haneke displaces narrative conventions to awaken the unconscious. There are no answers in Haneke's cinema, only questions--very big questions.
This is among the most luminous and painterly of black-and-white films, but what's portrayed will shock or numb you.
It pulls viewers in with the power of its imagery and the brooding sense of impending menace.
Filmed in ravishing black and white, White Ribbon is hypnotic film‑making with a thought-provoking afterglow.
A hard film to love, but a hypnotic meditation on all the elements - gossip, religion, bullying - that can turn a parish and country bad.
It's [Haneke's] least aggressive and most mature film - a masterpiece from a director who is increasingly making a habit of them.
The message of this disturbing, nihilistic film is that we're all Nazis at heart.
From the meticulous composition of his frames to the subtle sequencing of his scenes, Haneke is now at the height of his powers. This is a complete work of cinema, at once engaging and ingenious.
There's no doubting Haneke is a masterful film-maker, but it's difficult to warm to his cold worldview.
Haneke demands full attention as a patriarchal community crumbles to the ground and the seeds of fascism are sown. A masterpiece.
A fantastically controlled, deeply spooky film from one of the most accomplished directors currently working in cinema.
It's Haneke's vision and control that imbues the ever-more suspenseful and harrowing events with an oppressive sense of psychological and historical significance.
There's no denying it's well crafted, but it's Haneke's silliest and least interesting film.
While crisply shot and loaded with symbolism, chances are your intrigue will be snuffed out well before the credits eventually roll.
As strong and memorable as anything Haneke has previously accomplished, an austere and fastidious masterpiece that digs deep into what remains of the souls of the children and adults without appearing to strain for significance.
One of the most challenging movies of recent times.
A film of subtle savagery and mordantly encompassing vision.
This cool-headed, watchful film simply invites us to observe, to imagine, to make up our own minds. That's another way of saying it treats its audience as grown-ups.
Strikingly well-made, with a riveting series of events and a growing sense of depth that makes it disturbingly relevant on several levels.
One hell of a film, made by one of the most brutally clever directors out there. [But] One to be admired, more than loved.
Haneke... relies on intimidating us into submission with his supposed intelligence. But his superiority and sneering contempt is unearned.
Another of the Funny Games auteur's unpersuasively rigid portraits of man's venality.
The slippery nature of the morality on show coupled with the shifting sands of the narrative makes this an uneasy watch - yet it is also a beautiful and masterfully constructed film.
As an anatomisation of the insular envy, malice and brutality that would lead to the rise of Nazism, The White Ribbon is clinically precise - but also just a little dull.
full review on Movies for the Masses
A beautifully shot, chillingly acted drama that is both thought-provoking and genuinely disturbing.
A dark and foreboding film about the seeds of anger, violence, and hatred in the home that can lead to war and the rise of fascism.
Something of a distant Teutonic cousin to Henri-Georges Clouzot's caustic Le Corbeau, White Ribbon amply displays Haneke's filmmaking mastery.
A beautifully made picture about the brutal existence within a pre-WWI German village, but an experience more intellectual than emotional.
Haneke (Code Inconnu, Caché) once more probes hidden evil behind apparently well-ordered lives.
An utterly nerve-wracking, edge-of-my-seat experience - certain scenes that consisted of little more than, say, a measured conversation between father and son are, in context, unbelievably suspenseful.
Thematically provocative, visually impressive, Haneke's chronicle of the banality of evil and roots of violence in pre-WWI Germany is haunting and disturbing.
It's clear that this portrait of a sick society is meant to explain, at least partially, the horrendous war that breaks out at the very end of the film, and the fascism that quickly followed in its wake.
Immaculately crafted in beautiful black-and-white and entirely absorbing through its longish running time.
A frightening depiction of mortality.
A profoundly disquieting movie, superbly acted and directed. Its sinister riddle glitters more fiercely each time I watch it.
With The White Ribbon, [Haneke] has out-done himself and produced the best film of his career, a tightly-wound, fully-fleshed and thoroughly mesmerising drama.
A meticulously constructed, precisely modulated tapestry of malice and intrigue in a rural village in pre-World War I northern Germany.
Made from material that haunts, grips and immerses.

@highlight

The White Ribbon effectively utilizes tension and a bleak atmosphere to deliver a thought-provoking examination of nascent fascism.