In a season of smug, telegraphed quirkiness (hello, Little Miss Sunshine), the rambling Nacho Libre, like director Jared Hess' previous Napoleon Dynamite, feels like an original.
A sweet, offbeat movie about caring for others.
Makes you stare first in bemusement, then in boredom, finally in slight nausea
Hess has the most languid sense of comic timing since Bill Murray at his peak.
Nacho Libre merely provides some momentary pleasant diversions.
Any production featuring Jack Black in spandex and showing off his belly full of stretch marks should never have made it off the drawing board in the first place.
Director Jared Hess' weapon of choice is his innocence.
Physical violence, silliness and gross-out moments (suspect gooey substances flow frequently) abound, but Nacho Libre is not without its occasional charms.
Gives you more reason than ever to love Black's death scene in 1997's The Jackal.
A film with a steady stream of laughter enclosed is a great cure for those with the "World Cup" blues.
There's a fine line between funny and stupid, and director Jared Hess can't find it.
This is all about Jack Black being Jack Black, funny and well-conceived wrestling action, and catch-you-off-guard comedy. Nacho has all of those things in a headlock.
Puts another monkey on Jack Black's back, but this time it isn't several stories tall, it doesn't have a thing for blondes and it doesn't famously destroy New York real estate. In this case, it's the script.
It's more outrageous than hilarious, yet Nacho Libre has the same kind of sweet poignancy its filmmaker Jared Hess brought to his 2004 cult hit Napoleon Dynamite.
Nacho typical comedy
Nacho Libre a le mérite d'être une comédie désopilante faisant rire son public par des élans somme toute forts singuliers, mais inspirés, à défaut d'être très subtils
Beyond its sight gags and kitschy camp appeal, 'Nacho Libre' is a comedy that earns its underdog ambitions.
Basically, if you're not already chuckling at the thought of Jack Black wearing a Mexican wrestler's outfit and speaking in a thick Spanish accent then Nacho Libre probably isn't the film for you.
Nacho Libre is all it needs to be--ridiculous from beginning to end.
Easily the best studio confection of the year... kicking ***, taking names, and reminding us all of the joy that going to a big summer movie is supposed to inspire in us.
Extremely silly... and surprisingly sweet.
As common wisdom says, you can't make a cult classic on purpose.
Don't mess with a Missionary man. In tights.
The makers of Napoleon Dynamite are back with another comedy that hinges on deriding ordinary people.
What could have been a piñata full of laughs, giggles and fun is instead hollow and empty. It's not even worth shaking a stick at.
Sadly the inspired ridiculousness demonstrated in Hess's sagging geek-induced laugher couldn't muster the comic crunchiness of a dripping tortilla.
Jared Hess's far too self consciously campy comedy that takes a one-note joke and beats that dead horse until it's a fine paste splayed all over the ground
More amusing in theory than in practice.
I didn't laugh a single time, nor did I chuckle, chortle, or giggle.
A little Jack Black goes a long, long way!
As in Napoleon Dynamite, there are catchphrases galore, but precious few that stick with you past the theatre parking lot.
Not all the jokes work of course and those that do are almost always repeated, but enough of them do to make it worth the admission.
After a while, this disappointing film just lays there, like a wrestler body-slammed one time too many.
Jack Black finds the perfect role.
The sight of portly Canadian singer-actor Jack Black in Mexican luchador or wrestling tights is almost funny enough to base an entire feature, but not quite.
It's just kinda there, content to spin a woozily whimsical story.
As often as Black's paunchy antics connect, Hess' patchy comedy may have you saying, 'No mas.'
A large portion of manufactured quirk served up with a side-order of constrained Jack Black that comes across as an elaborate build up to a punch line that never happens.
(W)hile it doesn't have Napoleon Dynamite's wealth of quotable dialogue, (Nacho Libre,) does contain enough clever moments to warrant a real recommendation.
Slightly less funny than cancer...
The film has so much pointless off-color humor, it makes the movie blend right in with every other cornball comedy.
Jack Black's physical humor, poses and grimaces are showcased to the max in 'Nacho Libre,' and almost everything pays off.
Imagine my disappointment then, which grew to disbelief, which turned into utter disdain, by the time the credits rolled on this clunker.
Nacho Libre, naïvely made kids' stuff, lacks such minor attributes as a decent script and supporting cast.
Although the film itself gets trapped in a headlock of steady stupidity (think fart jokes and juvenile slapstick), funnyman Jack Black delivers a riotous performance that helps viewers embrace the silly fun.
A thin and tasteless Nacho.
---- a few years later, the two guys (from 'School of Rock') get together again and the film is a total dud! You're asking yourself ---- what the @#*!*?% happened?
Caramba! How do you say 'stinker' in Spanish? This is one awful movie!
If it wasn't for the inherent hilarity in mask-toting midgets that growl or obese wrestling fans who tunnel through walls, Nacho Libre would be an insultingly puerile dump
...a stupid, unfunny movie that shows that intellectual bankruptcy in the executive suites of Hollywood continues into the 21st century.
'So NACHO LIBRE is not about free Doritos but any way it is from that Jared guy that made that totally bogus movie about me and its pretty SA-WEET any way!' [says Napoleon Dynamite]
Nacho Libre is the kind of awful movie that ruins your whole day.
I kept waiting for it to get really funny and it never did.
The movie manages to float...on the capable shoulders of the dementedly talented Black and a well chosen supporting cast.
Eventually, the build-up of ridiculousness just got to me.
Sweetly absurd, it's silly, slapstick fun.
If it makes me laugh for part of it, and I smile for the rest, then I can recommend it, even if it's for the most part dumb as a post.
I liked the movie, but I would like it more if NAPOLEON DYNAMITE didn't exist to show how much the same it is.
Pictures like this exist because people are used to lowering their expectations so much that they're actually irked when someone doesn't.
As a certain tenacious rocker once intoned, you barely passed the test, Jack. You know what you got? F plus. Click.
Nacho Libre strikes a delicate balance of whimsy and absurdity that may surprise auds primed to expect wall-to-wall slapstick.
It's a one-gag film that rises or falls on how funny you find the sight of fat, grease-slicked Jack Black crammed into spandex pants and capering like an epileptic lamb.
The film's sheer lack of everything that customarily passes for comic fuel -- energy, wit, character, fun, a plot -- renders Nacho Libre a torturous patience tester of the first order.
Some things work well, but many are strained in execution. There are times Nacho Libre looks like it's struggling to find a reason to continue.
The comedy is hit and miss, with good bits interrupted by dead patches.
A little too cute and mushy to exploit [Black's] driven, full-blast talent.
[Jack Black] dives headlong into the physical stunts and the bizarre wackiness with so much enthusiasm, you can't help but enjoy yourself.
After a promising beginning, Nacho Libre goes off the rails with its over-the-top satire and intentional campiness failing to generate many laughs.
This shrill, obnoxious wrestling comedy stumbles to the mat in its first minutes and stays there. The blow is mortal. As movies go, this one is brain dead.
The beautifully shot Nacho Libre presents its improbable hero -- doughy, boyish and speaking in a dubious accent -- as someone utterly confident of his abilities, and his place in the world.
... you can always count on a bad fart joke (of which "Nacho Libre" boasts several) to get a laugh, whether it deserves one or not.
Oddly reverent, faintly patronizing (they shot it in Mexico, with an exceptionally homely cast of extras), and always warm and funny.
However you feel about the story or the characters, the way in which Hess renders it is the most striking thing about Nacho Libre. If he hasn't yet achieved true mastery of sight gags, he's getting there.
The combination of body slams and bathroom jokes makes it a heck of a lot livelier than Cars.
Nacho Libre, the often hilarious follow-up to Napoleon Dynamite by director Jared Hess, settles it: This is the world's funniest Mormon.
The movie is semi-infantile camp but often riotous.
Nacho Libre scores points only on occasion.
The humor in this second feature by Jared Hess, the director of Napoleon Dynamite, has been demoted from sophomoric to juvenile, and the age requirement for its enjoyment has dropped accordingly.
The movie is a bauble, but it's an enjoyably weird and original one, and it is anchored by Black's constantly amusing performance.
Silliness takes a Mexican holiday in Nacho Libre.
To the victor belong the spoils.That's what will happen to Jared Hess, the director of "Napoleon Dynamite." Yes, achieved a place in pop-culture history with his wonderful flick whose dialogue took its daily in catchphrases and exclamations. But now he'
It's initially very funny but it's a sight gag that runs out of steam about the fourth or fifth time Black dons his luchador costume.
If midget wrestlers with troll masks don't make you laugh, well... I guess you and I don't laugh at the same things.
A spongy guy in a clingy suit who has a spongy hairdo is funny, to a point, and kudos to Black for the self-deprecation. Kudos as well for his athleticism and balletic grace as he leaps around the ring. Unfortunately, they can't support a movie.
Disappointment, my fellow gringos, presumes positive expectations, so perhaps it is best to report, with some sorrow but no deep surprise, that the new comedy starring Jack Black and directed by Jared Hess, is not illustrious.
Nacho Libre is a funny idea for a skit that's been put on the rack and tortured into a screenplay.
The irony is that just about any actual Mexican wrestling movie is funnier than this would-be parody, which never gets off the mat.
Your appreciation of this rather peculiar cinematic adventure may depend largely on your tolerance for comic actor Jack Black.
High concept still fails without writers filling in the blank spots, and 'Jack Black in wrestling tights' is funny for about as long as the trailer you've already seen.
This would make for a pretty funny short film, but there's too much filler material here. Save this one for a rental if you're a Jack Black fan.
It takes some doing to make a Jack Black comedy that doesn't work. But Nacho Libre does it.
If ever there were a one-trick pony, Nacho Libre is it.
Someday, Jared Hess will aspire to make a movie that goes a bit deeper than just a geeky outsider with bad hair, a funny name and an exaggerated accent. But not today.
Very broad and very silly, it's a doodle of a comedy -- a one-joke idea (fat guy goes luchador) padded out to feature length by Black's willingness to do anything for a laugh.
The film is prone to long dry stretches that kept me tapping my pen to my forehead in benign frustration.
The humor is strictly grade school. The movie is missing the wit and charm Hess, who directs, created for Napoleon Dynamite and White and Black used in School of Rock.
Nacho're best movie, Mr. Black, but you do have some moves and a few laughs.
Another tale (like 'Napoleon Dynamite') of a dreamy misfit seeking recognition and innocent love in an appealingly hermetic land of living cartoon characters.
Straddling one those tiresome lines between caricature and inventiveness, Esqueleto is easily the movie's most engaging presence.
Jared Hess already made the one good movie he had in him. Jack Black needs a director who can save him from character-breaking shtick. The stretchy pants of "Nacho Libre" only go so far before stretchy patience sets in.
there was not enough alcohol or any other conscious-altering substance out there to make this flick bearable
Nacho Libre serves as further evidence to the theory that people will laugh at anything as long as they expect to.
Oh, this is such a gargantuan put-on.
Jared Hess has made another sweet PG-rated movie populated with determined oddballs in surreally timeless settings.
What is least appealing about the Hesses is the sense that they are always laughing 'at' rather than 'with' their characters
Black, making terrific use of his portly physique, throws himself into the role (and into the ring) with the sort of no-holds-barred gusto rarely seen since the heyday of the late John Belushi.
The film is so good-natured and pleasant and simple that I can't not recommend it. It's a disappointment in a lot of ways, but it's sure an upbeat one.
Film Jack Black doing anything for 80 minutes and you're bound to wring a few yuks from the footage, but the chuckles delivered here are distressingly few and far between.
Nacho Libre is such a remarkable improvement over Napoleon Dynamite, someone might want to check the temp in hell and see if it's still toasty down there.
A perfect storm of excessive mugging and catch-phrasery.
...by hanging its oddball characters on the most obvious of plots, it dilutes the weirdness that would have made it unique.
the film never lives up to its potential of being a classic silly comedy, so you want to put the writers and director in a headlock.
It certainly succeeds in being different, but peculiar doesn't necessarily mean enjoyable.
Black does everything humanly possibly to try to make this movie work, even spending a good deal of time wearing silly blue tights and getting beat up many, many, many, many times but the script pile-drives him into the mat.
Hess colors the film with his askew sensibility that twists the slapstick into an oddball realm of droll humor that favors the eccentric over the hilarious.
If Black had shed 15 pounds prior to shooting, his shrunken waistline would taken half of the film's jokes with it.
Whatever its faults, you won't walk out of it thinking it's just like every other movie this summer.
I really did want to like this film, but I found it pedantic and dull. I actually dozed off in the middle, and I haven't done that since Elizabethtown.
The camera languishes on sequences like Nacho rubbing cow manure into Esqueleto's face. Jokes like these are nacho good, nacho funny.
Tightly paced, fast as a whip and addictively entertaining.
Napoleon Dynamite's racism was unmistakable, Nacho Libre's less so, subverted as it is by Jack Black's comic humanism.
Jack Black pauses frequently as though desperate for a few audience laughs.
Nacho Libre is more lazy than offensive. Things happen, but there's really no story. People do stuff, but they don't become characters. It might have made a dandy Saturday Night Live skit. But it's not much of a movie.
We love pratfalls and physical humor, but Libre isn't a comedy vehicle. It just sits there, making you wish Pedro or Uncle Rico would blast into the scene and make something happen. Tragically, they don't.
What's rare to see, and what ultimately makes Nacho Libre so enjoyable, is the story of an underdog who's allowed to remain a humble clown all the way to becoming a hero.
The only gag here, as far as I can tell, is Black squeezing himself into a pair of red tights and prancing around like a mental patient. Funny yes, but over the course of an hour and a half, it wears a wee thin.
Creating hermetic worlds in a manner so reminiscent of Wes Anderson that the Rushmore auteur should consider suing, Hess shows little affection for his characters.
In his endearingly ridiculous new comedy, Jack Black plays a half-Mexican, half-Scandinavian monastery cook from Oaxaca who moonlights as a masked wrestler.
Nacho Libre is a throwaway movie, but that doesn't mean it could not have been better.
Is it funny? Now and then. Stupid? Very. Racist? Possibly. Ugly? Profoundly. Wild? Undeniably. Singular? Completely.
Nacho Libre was made for those who didn't consider Napoleon Dynamite weird enough.
What is missing in plot and character development is made up for in silly fun.
Hess seems intent on proving that lowbrow American slapstick comedies can be as slow and deliberate as the films of Robert Bresson.
It is a funny movie, and it's recognizably the work of the Napoleon director, whose comic appreciation for polyester, food fights and Chapstick remains firm.
Black has the potential to be the rare comedian capable of making lemons into lemonade, but the fruit he's squeezing here is bone-dry.
Nacho Libre, with its relatively (and refreshingly) tame PG rating, is likely to thrill boys under 13. But it may also evoke laughs even if you're far removed from that demographic.
This could quickly turn into a train wreck if both the material and the performances weren't there to fill the frame. Fortunately, Nacho Libre is able to keep fading to Black, who has the lucha of love. And of greatness.
Fans of Napoleon Dynamite will love this endearing comedy with its visual flair and delicious fairy-tale magic.
For all of Black's slovenly tics, his impish drive is the only thing that keeps Nacho Libre from slipping off the tracks.
Ridiculous as it may sound, this is a comedy about a man whose good intentions lead him into temptation and out again. Viva Nacho!
Jack Black body slams his way into the heavyweight division of physical comedy with Nacho Libre.
Nacho Libre may settle for too little, but at least it isn't a miserable high-concept vanity project.
Sometimes it looks like a movie that was more fun to make than it is to watch.
Nacho Libre can be giddily hilarious and has many solid, silly laughs, but it runs out of flips and tricks -- and steam -- about halfway through.
That's Hess' filmmaking secret: His camera treats its often painfully gawky subjects with the sort of reverence normally given a matinee idol. In Hess' universe, the last shall be first.
It's all good clean fun, as much a celebration of outsider absurdity as Napoleon Dynamite was.
An airtight packaging of the actor's worst tendencies, with Black tearing into the part like a burrito he knows he shouldn't be eating.
very funny despite the fact that the film is dumbed-down and awkward.
An all-too typical example of a sophomore slump.
Nacho's processed cheese and tortilla-thin premise are purely a refried conduit for Black... [it] would be inexcusably trashy if it weren't for the naïve sincerity of its star.
Not for everyone, but definitely for me. I had a good time.
Stupid. Very Stupid.
Mixing the wild style of Jack Black with the comedic hesitancy of Hess results in a picture all at once funny, sweet, and surprising.
It's happened to all of us. You get revved to see a big Hollywood comedy, starring an actor so funny he could make you laugh in your sleep, and you're disappointed. Majorly.
Libre is offensive, even if you take away the religious angle. It will insult your intelligence, as well as your sense of humor.
[It] isn't an entirely unpleasant experience, which is to say it doesn't feel as though it's worn out its welcome before the second reel. It takes slightly longer before its gears begin to slip and its jokes begin to wear and its laughs begin to fade.










@highlight

At times hilarious, but other times offensive, Director Jared Hess is unable to recapture the collective charisma of his Napoleon characters, instead relying on a one-joke concept that runs out of steam. Sure to entertain the adolescents, however.