When I wasn't laughing at the scenes of sharks leaping out of the water to attack their prey (in trees! on jetskis!) I was questioning the happy coincidence of a runaway motorboat heading directly towards a pier littered with flammable gas tanks.
An atrocious waste of time, this "Night" is one you'll quickly forget.
Predictable. Disposable. Listless. Boring. This is not how you make great horror films.
The most disturbing sequence comes after the end credits, actually, when the actors are shown performing together on a really bad rap video.
This clearly isn't a film that wants to win awards for logic, so it dives head first in to just pure idiocy, and never comes back up for air.
Never mind that the film is never scary; it also is never much *fun*.
Awful on nearly every level, but wholly entertaining as a laugh-out-loud party movie. Shark Night is dumb, but you probably won't care.
This film falls apart in the deliberately bad character development which never quite registers as a joke but rather as a weak attempt at actually developing the characters.
The end result is a horror effort that never becomes the guilty pleasure it clearly wants to be...
full review at Movies for the Masses
This is a pretty bad movie that (I think) knows it's a pretty bad movie. What keeps it from being even worse and entering into the useless 'torture porn' genre is its PG-13 rating, which teeters on the brink of 'R' territory throughout.
A bad taste frenzy, with cameras tied to the bellies of some beasts contained by crooks in a salt water lake.
Enjoyably trashy Jaws/Piranha rip-off, enlivened by likeable performances and some impressive 3D effects, but the plot is laugh-out-loud ridiculous and there's an oddly prudish approach to gore and nudity.
Little more than a brain damaged, irony-free, and curiously toothless attempt to retread the success of last year's surprising summer gorefest, Piranha 3D.
[Leaves] you with nothing more than a few poke-y moments and wistful memories of Piranha 3D.
... a new movie genre: sharxploitation ...
Disappointing, but diverting; I was expecting the man-eating hammerhead, but not the lecture on 'moral relativism' from the local sheriff.
Most lacking is any sense of humor or style in a film that aspires to mediocrity and achieves it all too easily.
Shark Night is also not Jaws redux. It is more like a shark bite version of Friday the 13th.
By way of comparison, Soul Surfer devoted at least a dozen minutes of screen time to people reading the Bible and that was a more exciting shark attack movie than this.
Unfortunately, you can't even appreciate the movie for jaw-droppingly bad performances. It's just a whole bunch of people who deserved better.
Of the 350 different species of shark, 46 of them are swimming freely through this Louisiana lake, which I suppose makes sense, since it's made up of salt water. Uh-huh.
Not content to restrict itself to an exercise in "When Nature Attacks," the filmmakers take a hard, ugly turn into torture-porn territory.
How could this movie be so unconscionably bad - so inept in every way - that it actually makes "Jaws: The Revenge" redeemable?
A hatefully paint-by-numbers story of pretty young people on vacation flirting, bickering, and dying, with far too little of the third and far too much of the first.
Shark Night, handled with impersonality by Snakes on a Plane pilot David R. Ellis, aspires to nothing more or less than carrying along an audience through a string of unremarkable kills, often involving high-jumping fish.
How did a fleet of ferocious finned carnivores wind up in a lake, even one that's salt water?
An okay cast presents a plot with a few twists but the gruesome ones, especially for a PG-13 rated movie, are totally sadistic
the film's rote nature and its complete lack of the kind of self-aware trashy thrills and humor we might expect from a good Renny Harlin flick (or even Ellis's immortal Snakes on a Plane) drain it of energy and fun.
Many movies about killer aquatic creatures on the loose have succeeded due to a lightweight, carefree mood or an ironic tone; Shark Night has none of this.
How delicious would it be if we were to look back and find that the current lousy 3D trend "jumped the shark" with a film that actually features jumping sharks?
Look, here's the short of it: This is pretty dumb movie. Ok it's a very dumb movie.
...the 3D is almost non-existent. Apparently Hollywood thought they would ass-rape the movie going public one more time before the summer ended and charge an extra three dollars! My advice is to take that money and go rent "Jaws."
Confronted with a film this bad, you take your laughs when you can find them ... That classic SNL skit featuring a door-to-door land shark comes to mind.
A second round is out of the question. Unless, of course, they called it "Gladys Knight 3D.'' Then all is forgiven.
The sharks are rubber and the performances are wooden and that's just about all you need to know.
As shark-related thrillers questionably shot in 3D go, this is better than "Jaws 3D." That said, it isn't that much better.
The result is a movie that isn't crummy, exactly, just blah: when the freakiest teeth on screen belong not to one of Walt Conti's animatronically realized sharks but to a good-ol'-boy called Red, you know you have a problem.
Snakes On A Plane at least displayed a commitment to its magnificent ridiculousness. By comparison, Shark Night 3D just gives dumb movies a bad name.
Ya see, Shark Night 3D is less a horror film-the suspense barely comes from the sharks-and more a made-for-TV drama about Sara's old friends terrorizing her new ones.
Call it junk if you like, but at least Shark Night is junk that delivers on its promises. Well, most of them, anyway.
You know how bad you're probably thinking this movie will be? It's actually worse.
It's a fun movie to see on a Friday night with a big group of friends for some mindless fun and that's about it.
Sharks have it bad enough as endangered, misunderstood predators with a terrible public relations image without seeing their serial-killing stardom drowned out by hammy acting and torture-porn villainy.
It doesn't even live up to the minimal promises of the title: There isn't enough shark action, it mostly takes place during the day, and the 3-D only asserts itself in a couple of shots.
Although the acting and technical elements...are better than what you usually encounter in a Saturday night SyFy Network flick, that's still where it really belongs.
There's nothing to fear in these waters.
Eat them already, I'm bored.
Shark Night 3D sets itself apart from Ellis's other films in its sincere attempt to humanize its heedless pretty young things.
The acting? Eh. The plot? Eh. The sharks eating people in 3D? Oh, yeah!
A ho-hum series of kills and lulls so predictable that it doesn't even look like much fun for the sharks; when they open wide, they might as well be yawning.
Shark Night is painless, dumb fun, without the smirking self-awareness that made Ellis's 2006 Snakes on a Plane so much better to giggle over than to actually sit through.
A thoroughly shabby attempt to piggyback on the success of last year's Piranha 3D.
Lower any expectations you may have had, expect a flurry of terrible acting and chalky exposition, and 'Shark Night 3D' will deliver on a very minimal basis; it's dumb fun on the lowest common denominator.
This limp teens-in-peril fright flick doesn't even deserve to swim in the same bloody waters as Piranha 3D; frankly, there were more genuine jolts in Judy Moody and the NOT Bummer Summer.
such a disappointment
Just two moments are the slightest bit scary and the use of 3D is atrocious, however, at just 91 minutes it's a harmless watch - but certainly nothing you'd want to sit through twice.
The one crime a B-movie should never commit is boring its audience. By even these low standards, "Shark Night 3D" is dead in the water.
Delivers a tasty blend of the predictable and unexpected.
a full-fledged, bottom-of-the-ninth strikeout, a trashy, stupid, joyless, and overlong thriller
If I felt guilty I'd call this a guilty pleasure but since I don't I'll just call it trash I enjoy. So if you decide to go don't complain to me that the film was crap. I warned you.
What's actually here is depressingly unimaginative, artificial (the shark CGI is iffy at best), and occasionally distasteful. Trust me, it's one long night.
Director David R. Ellis has delivered a heartless, suspense-free 100 minutes of sharks dining out on kids stuck on an island in a Louisiana lake.
I would say anyone who buys a ticket for a film called 'Shark Night 3D' will get exactly what they pay for, and these days, that can feel like a bit of a miracle.




@highlight

A joyless excursion into the water that doesn't even produce good gore or nudity thanks to the neutered PG-13 rating.