An exercise in style and wit, two commodities that never go out of fashion.
Josh Peck and Ben Kingsley make for an oddly engaging couple in Jonathan Levine's audacious comedy about sex, drugs, and unexpected friendships.
It's an utterly routine picture, but its low-key mood and acting disarm
With a game cast and cool songs from the era... heartfelt moments battling clumsy ones, The Wackness isn't quite dope but, like a good mixtape it is full of highlights.
Dumb title? Certainly. Perfectly proportioned? Nope. True-to-life? Certainly not. An enjoyably quirky indie comedy? You bet.
Parallel yet intertwined older and younger generations, and a real girl, set this above the usual young dudes genre, changing from comic to romantic to poignant and back.
If nothing else, it's probably worth seeing for the kissing scene between Kingsley and Mary-Kate Olsen.
It's an old theme. Levine tackles it with gusto and verve, and if ultimately he overdoes it with a hi-end quirky style, I think there's enough authenticity here to see the film through.
This is a gently humorous and beautifully moving film.
Levine's extended use of sepia-toned cinematography adds to the film's charmless look, matching the bleakness of the lives of most of the people he presents to the audience.
It muddles through on its period infatuation and on Kingsley's dope-loving turn as a doctor constantly on the verge of another hit.
The performances are all very fine, but the standout is Ben Kingsley's Squires. It's so unexpected.
Better than most "coming of age" stories due to some fine comic and dramatic performances by a talented cast.
A thoroughly engaging comic drama with absurdist elements %u2013 or is that just real life
THE WACKNESS is one of those small little movies that come under the radar and sneak up on you.
Over-hyped.
The Wackness, while no masterpiece, is the kind of film that doesn't come to much but is watchable as it saunters along with a provoking sense of meaningful pessimism. The performances are really the thing - Levine hasn't managed anything better.
The direction is unlikeably murky and unfocused but this is more dope than wack - and a guaranteed four-star movie if you're already stoned yourself.
The film's forlorn charm is a little reminiscent of Cameron Crowe's adolescent memoir Almost Famous. It's a tiny bit soppy, too, but you can forgive that in a teenager.
The Wackness is a teen drama, set in 1994 against a backdrop of laidback hip-hop and a roasting hot New York which tries just a bit too hard to be cool. But it is definitely not wack (bad).
Kingsley is likewise on form and hits home with some terrifically world-weary one liners, while director Jon Levine brings a refreshing inventiveness to the film.
It's a reasonably promising debut, though, and Sir Ben looks as though he had a lot of fun, not least when he's deflowering Mary-Kate Olsen, surprisingly funny as the planet's last remaining hippy.
It's not quite da bomb, but this nostalgic throwback to the recent past still has enough phat acting (especially from Sir Ben) and slammin' scenes to seem both fly and fresh. Worth catching? Damn skippy.
The Wackness offers more than fuzzy giggles and bongwater-weak characters.
Levine's film is often showy, clumsy, over-earnest. But then so are its characters. So is late adolescence. The Wackness carries out the advice Squires gives to Luke - make a mess, embrace pain. In doing so, it ends up anything but wack.
Its writer-director, Jonathan Levine, lavishes the movie with inky black shadows and soft gauzy close-ups, making it mostly feel like a dream, or a half-conjured memory.
An amiable but essentially empty film made enjoyable by a decent soundtrack, funny dialogue and Ben Kingsley's mad doctor.
Kingsley's shamelessly zingy performance adds welcome pep, and a delicate, achingly sincere summertime idyll on Fire Island offers notice of Levine's evident promise.
An unlikely buddy comedy that comes to life whenever Kingsley appears - he doesn't so much steal the show as roll it into a fat blunt and smoke it.
By Doug Cooper - It's a quirky, offbeat affair, meandering at times but honest and amusing too.
Levine has an eye for detail and the germ of what Stephen Colbert might call a "truthy" idea - that it is possible, even through a chemically induced fog of numbness, to genuinely feel for another person.
When all is said and done, it's not perfect, but it's strong nonetheless...
The loose plot feels imposed on the offbeat characters, and doesn't link the people and incidents together in any satisfying way.
That first sight of Ben Kingsley sucking down a bowl will burn into your memory. You may be watching The Wackness but it's hard to forget that this is Gandhi putting Bic to bong in Jonathan Levine's silly, sappy and sympathetic coming-of-age memoir.
Quite aside from its dramatic ambitions, The Wackness does a nifty job of capturing the zeitgeist of Manhattan on the eve of Rudy Giuliani's big crackdown on drugs, thugs, sex shops and colorful street life.
It was applauded at Sundance, where coming-of-age movies are inevitably hailed, but its grungy angst offers nothing we need to see anew.
The Wackness is a funny, touching mood piece.
Stripped of all its summer swelter and hip hip revisionism, The Wackness is really just another in a long line of quirky indie character studies.
I'd stop short of calling Levine's award-winning film pretentious. ... He just made a small coming-of-age film about the time he came of age, and he did it with just enough dopeness.
The Wackness marks a step up in ambition, but it is also self-indulgent and needlessly complicated for what it ultimately delivers: a somber John Hughes picture scored to A Tribe Called Quest and Mary J. Blige.
On the downside: There is a wackness to The Wackness, a saggy psychic undertow that drags down its lighter and smarter aspects.
The Wackness, for all its eccentricities and emotional pain, is really a sweet little film.
It's standard, straight-outta-Sundance indie fare, but it's also a crowd-pleasing portrait of boys-who-will-be-men-who-will-be-boys.
Basically the same as every indie movie ever - but in 1994!
[It] won the audience award at the Sundance Film Festival this year and has all the variables such an honor implies and demands: naughty topic, quirky performances, hangdog sensibility and hint of redemption.
There's nothing really new here, aside from a couple of roughly convincing performances by the younger, less recognizable cast members.
The characters are sympathetically drawn and the modest wisdom rings true.
Despite interesting performances by Kingsley, Thirlby and Mary-Kate Olsen as a flower child, Peck's blandly apathetic air becomes contagious.
While Levine works his film-school-grade visual quirks out (Spike Lee should call his lawyer), the story of Wackness is left in a messy bundle.
Jonathan Levine is striving for an extreme quirkiness peppered with naturalism, not unlike that of Francis Ford Coppola's early You're a Big Boy Now (1966), Harold and Maude (1971), or the recent Running with Scissors.
Most of the time, Peck is cast adrift in an uncertain world, and Levine too often conflates his lack of purpose with the movie's.
The most adventuresome element in The Wackness isn't its pop-culture skin but the unlikely friendship of Luke and Squires.
Levine, who wrote the film as well as directed it, re-creates 1994 with the painstaking detail usually reserved for period pieces and costume dramas.
Whether it's blowing on Nintendo games to get them to work, the music, or the clothes, the production gets the city and the times exactly right.
The Wackness is a moderately funny variant of the traditional coming-of-age saga. But it never creates characters likeable enough to care for.
Bittersweet coming-of-age pic about a pot dealer.
A minor triumph.
"I let Ben Kingsley do whatever the [bleep] he wanted (laughter)," director Jonathan Levine said in this interview. "He is very, very smart. As a relatively new director, it was incumbent upon me to just say: 'What do you need?'"
Beneath the desperate bad behavior of Squires' aging hippie and Luke's tentative steps to connection is a story that rings with the authenticity of lived experience and earned life lessons.
Its story is a familiar one, whatever the decade.
When The Wackness is good, it's good, and when it fails, it's still clear what Levine was trying to do. Someday he'll probably be able to do it.
A generous-spirited study of characters in pain.
It does have a mostly believable and engaging emotional life.
The material is as facile and phony as any Meg Ryan romcom.
For all of Kingsley's hamming, he can't overshadow Peck's mournful performance. Nor can you forget the film's reminder that the cruellest thing you can say to a teenager is that these are the best years of his life.
Man, have we been here before.
What saves this movie, which won this year's audience award at Sundance, from being boring are performances by two actors who see a chance to go over the top and aren't worried about the fall on the other side.
The Wackness is a nostalgia piece, but ultimately explores the more universal question of how to deal.
The kind of hollow, graceless and deeply irritating failure that pretty much single-handedly embodies everything that is wrong with contemporary American independent film.
The Wackness exudes a vibe that is rich in emotional truth, even if some of the details get lost in a green haze.
... a modest but well-observed respite from the clichés.
We've seen this nexus of teen drug dealer/disreputable shrink before (Charlie Bartlett). We've even seen Brian Cox ("Running With Scissors") chew more scenery (is that possible?) than Sir Ben in what is essentially the same role.
For about half its length, Jonathan Levine's film The Wackness resembles a grunge remake of The Graduate, updated for the peculiarly specific setting of 1994 New York City.
invigorated by a savvy script that is equal parts comedy and tragedy, both arising from the same seemingly bottomless wellspring of adolescent hormones and hair-trigger emotions
The fun is watching Thirlby -- second banana in Juno -- do a tantalizing sex-bomb number, and Kingsley get to flout his knighthood by sticking his tongue down the throat of Mary-Kate Olsen.
There's still space for future indie coming-of-age stories on the order of Brick, The Graduate and Garden State, but The Wackness isn't one of them.
Levine has blessed his coming-of-age tale with a catchy hip-hop soundtrack, characters who feel grounded no matter how odd their circumstances, and a girl worthy of Luke's dreams.
Though he has a shorthand approach to capturing 1994, Levine nails the swirling energy of first heartbreak as his teen stoner rehearses his first Big Moment
Against a thumping hip-hop background, Levine & cast capture a teenaged boy's tender, heartbreaking first love with a sweetness and honesty that makes The Wackness unforgettable.
The Wackness is both darkly funny and life-affirming, in an offbeat and offhanded way.
A deeply personal coming-of-age story steeped in heady nostalgia and all the creative myopia that too often comes with it.
Wackness is ultimately less evocative of pre-Sept. 11 Manhattan than it is of post-Sept. 11 Park City, Utah, where the film had its Sundance debut, and where festival audiences never tire of rebel-male angst and bluesy, guitar-inflected scoring.
The movie reeks of nostalgic self-glorification. Someone should assure Levine that he is very, very cool so that we can all move on.
The Wackness makes a good-faith effort to steer clear of coming-of-age story clichés, and succeeds and fails in roughly equal measure.
But this is a good movie all the same, one filled with priceless moments of wonderment that couldn't help but make me smile.
It's an acquired taste, more bitter than sweet, but it lingers -- a lot like smoke.
Jonathan Levine's The Wackness is a studiously offbeat coming-of-age crowd-pleaser set in New York City during the long-ago, far-away days of...the summer of 1994.
...the film belongs to Olivia Thirlby, whose entitled princess's aura shrouds both men into stupor. She's like a cross between "Goodbye, Columbus's" Brenda Patimkin and one of the "Kids" kids.
The Wackness is a too familiar nostalgic movie, with period soundtrack, hot summer nights, and boys coming of age.
An oddball buddy movie about a friendship betweeen a lonely teeenager and a therapist undergoing a mid-life crisis.
Stoned hip-hop youth go gently into that Giuliani night in Jonathan Levine's frustratingly shallow my-summer-of-sex drama, set in a sweltering 1994 New York City.
The story itself isn't a complex one, but the characters are, and the journey they endeavor upon from the month of June to the dog days of August is one that is emotionally satisfying, easily relatable and well worth taking.
The nonstop '90s references (Hey, remember Zima?!) will have you groaning, even if you don't consider a Kingsley-Olsen makeout session a sign of the apocalypse.
Despite its problems, The Wackness employs the emotional extravagance of its hip-hop soundtrack to achieve a triumph of romanticism.
A remarkable cast supplies subtlety and balance to the mostly downward spiral of the narrative.
A mutton-headed waste of time that is every bit as moronic and meaningless as its title.
The cast is so good that the script's contrivances aren't really a problem
has all the right moves for a story that has already been filmed approximately 30 thousand times
A mix tape of clichés.
[T]he strong performances lift it out of the world of cliché and turn it into one of the year's more pleasant surprises.
A pleasant mid-summer buzz.
It won the Audience Award at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival, but don't let that be a source of dissuasion. It's actually a pretty good movie.
A surprisingly tender coming of age film about a white teenage drug dealer.
Kingsley's pot smoking puddle of regret is one of the few Big Apple personas to come close to Hoffman's bag of Ratso Rizzo tricks.
Screenwriter/director Jonathan Levine makes a remarkable sophomore film with a deceptively simple story of urban romance set in Manhattan's final pot-friendly days of the mid-'90s before Rudolph Giuliani's Disneyfication took its stranglehold on the city.
A pretentious art house flick, the movie tries way too hard to be hip. But, if you're in the mood for a depressing drug movie about teenage angst, The Wackness does fit the bill.
Surviving Guiliani Time wacked out on weirdness in an alternate universe, and with a chaser of cup runneth over raging hormones, in possibly the most explosively imaginative, edgy, brash and strangely poetic coming-of-age tale this year.
For many...the picture will fail to strike the desired tragicomic nerve.
As for Squires' outlandish behavior and Kingsley's theatrical performance, they're entertaining, but very hard to believe. The film lives more comfortably in the milieu of '90s youth culture...
Earnest but insufferable, The Wackness is like some movie version of a New York magazine article about city teenagers.
It's not the world's most original plot, but Levine invests it with warmth and a realistic sense of teenage life.
We've been in this neighborhood before--just not with Peck and Thirlby and an amped up secondary character.
What really holds the attention in this playful comedy are the central perfomances.
A drug-tinged love letter to summertime.
After all this window dressing, it's a standard-issue coming-of-age story. It's wack, all right.
Targeted to the super-hip, anchored by Josh Peck's magnetic performance as an angst-ridden teen.
Finally, a film for kids of the 90's!
Bolstered by its strong performances and inspired direction, The Wackness is anything but, yo
It's Josh Peck, though, whose performance (as the "most popular of the unpopular") holds the film together amidst all its audio-video mannerisms and increasingly sappy developments.
With its full-on, fully uncritical glorification of adolescent male self-indulgence and permanent immaturity, The Wackness is a kind of cinematic embodiment of certain tendencies that make the sub-AICN movie web go round.
A so-so comedy with some genuinely funny scenes, punctuated with too many trying-too-hard elements.
Sundance Audience Winner is a moderately funny variant of the coming-of-age saga (a staple in the fest), with the "new" angle that a flamboyant dope-smoking shrink, played with gusto by Ben Kingsley, commands the Jewish youth to get laid.
It's superfluous overkill is less about endearing us to these characters' simplistic plights and all about how in touch the filmmakers are with an almanac.
Trim a good twenty minutes from this overlong exercise, and you'd help the comedic pacing a whole lot.
Inspired a packed Sundance house to forget their Saturday-night pains and stand up and cheer.
The Wackness treads this familiar terrain with assurance and distinction.
A great script and one of the more innovative indie comedies in recent memory.
You'll feel like you just stepped out of a time machine and back into the glory days of A Tribe Called Quest. Word.


@highlight

Sympathetic characters and a clever script help The Wackness overcome a familiar plot to make for a charming coming-of-age comedy.