As the film flashes back and forth between Jasmine's gilded past and her self-pitying present, Blanchett creates an indelible portrait of a woman who oozes self-delusion, snobbery and a massive sense of entitlement.
The result is a brilliantly funny, immaculately structured film about hysteria and greed. It couldn't go wrong.
In an eponymous lead role owing more than a little to A Streetcar Named Desire's Blanche DuBois, whom she played on stage not so long ago, Blanchett gives an extraordinary performance.
Woody Allen, whether you love him or hate him, has always had a way with women. He somehow gets the very best out of his leading ladies. As Jasmine (nee Jeanette), Cate Blanchett is a glorious trainwreck, and it's hard to look away.
... what a fine way to revere one of Williams' most adapted dramas with a modern take that thrusts its slowly malfunctioning central character into a new situation that only hastens her demise.
Happiness is shown to be elusive in this astute study of aspiration and delusion that leaves you hanging on a melancholy note. If this should prove to be [Woody] Allen's last film, he will have gone out on a high.
Blue Jasmine is Allen's first movie in ages that at least tries to escape the dungeon of the self.
Part of what's so disappointing about Blue Jasmine is that I so admired Match Point and Vicky Cristina Barcelona.
While Blue Jasmine is first and foremost a character study and a showcase for Blanchett's impeccable acting skills, it's also a meditation on the idea of what we deserve versus what we think we deserve, and the intersection of standards and entitlement.
"Blue Jasmine" is that rare film that's both a true ensemble piece and a showcase for its lead.
Blue Jasmine could've been more comedic, but Blanchett's heavy performance really gave this story a new life on its own.
There's a reason why Woody Allen's screenplays have been nominated for 15 Academy Awards (R). Comic genius, dramatic wit, sharp observation, great characters. With Blue Jasmine, he has taken effete snobbery to glorious heights.
Andrew Dice Clay holding his own against Cate Blanchett? Now I've seen it all.
Blanchett is impressive as a woman constantly teetering on the edge of collapse; there's a perpetual sense something tragic simmers beneath her constructed facade.
Jasmine is a cautionary virago for anyone who's ever witnessed a friend unknowingly muttering just within earshot, just within the frame of reality. Jasmine's headlong fall is fearsome, lugubrious, and ultimately, exasperating.
The film itself doesn't match Blanchett's stunning commitment -- which is a pity, because in various ways it is one of Allen's more unusual works in years.
Darkly funny, often in a laugh out loud, self-deprecating way, but it also doubles as a cautionary tale.
Blue Jasmine captures a manic and delusional woman attempting to rebuild herself after a prodigal life she received, but never deserved.
Blanchett's performance is fascinating. She's an Ingmar Bergman figure yanked straight out of Tennessee Williams.
Jasmine is a good movie, one of Allen's best in years, but the draw here is Blanchett, whose performance takes an off-putting character and makes her surprisingly, um ... not quite on-putting, but riveting.
Allen creates a clever and intriguing intersection of lives, relationships and anxieties, all balancing on the ready-to-pop balloon of Jasmine's psychoses.
Blanchett embraces the Blanche DuBois-like nature of the character yet manages to reach Vivien Leigh-like levels of histrionics in much more subtle and naturalistic ways.
In its basic situation can be heard the distant clang of A Streetcar Named Desire, though it's neither pastiche nor reprise, just a quietly respectful tribute.
[Woody Allen's] spin through Tennessee Williams territory, where he has never gone before, seems fresh in the hands of an expert cast.
Lives constructed on pretense can only stand for so long. Watching them collapse is appalling but undeniably entertaining.
The whole is less than the sum of its parts, though some parts (especially Blanchett's performance) are well worth watching.
There is all this talent -- and so little reason for it in Woody Allen's Blue Jasmine.
Eficaz ao não fazer concessões no retrato de uma criatura cuja beleza e elegância externas ocultam uma mulher irremediavelmente estragada por dentro.
Blanchett, wielding a stiff cocktail in one hand and a bottle of anti-anxiety pills in the other, gives her character a skillful shove from neurotic towards psychotic.
I can't credit Allen overmuch for acknowledging, at this late date, a culture of criminality too blatant to ignore; but I admire, and am moved by, his decision to look at his new subject obliquely, through the experience of an enabler of the crimes.
A sharply observed, post-economic crash comedy-drama that boasts a formidable performance by Cate Blanchett and addresses such pertinent real-world concerns as class, gender and corporate criminality in urban America.
The movie is a near-perfect capture of a woman on the edge of a nervous breakdown without going off the deep end into a farce.
Insightful, squirmingly funny and boasting an absolutely unmissable performance from first time Allen collaborator Cate Blanchett.
While the film may hold some viewers at arm's length, the performances are worthy of stand-up-and-cheer ovations all round.
Woody Allen's latter films just seem to get better and better...another A-grade movie to join Match Point, Midnight in Paris and Vicky Cristina Barcelona...a superb Cate Blanchett does some of her best film work to date.
The result's highly effective on a human level. If only the film had been set in the real world.
Smart, sophisticated and bound to win an Oscar nod or two, 'Blue Jasmine' is an outstanding Woody Allen movie about the fall from grace of a Hamptons socialite who begins to unravel after her husband loses a fortune.
[Woody Allen has] captured an Oscar-contending, tour de force performance from the great Cate Blanchett.
It's difficult to imagine anyone wresting the Academy Award from Blanchett's compellingly pathetic performance.
Blanchett is being tipped for Oscar glory, and this is surely a very good, very committed performance (if a little self-consciously so).
With laughs derived from depression, death and denial, this is Allen at this tartest, tightest and most observant.
A propulsive drama set in New York and San Francisco about a woman's self-destruction as a result of her inability to look truthfully at her own life. It's a serious warning, brutal even.
A deliciously dark and richly entertaining comedy drama, it's as enjoyable as anything this year.
Though not quite the masterpiece some have claimed, the picture (often funny, but not a comedy) certainly delivers on emotion, sharp dialogue and toxic energy.
A riveting film, a humane but brutally frank character study, perfectly achieved despite its narrow objectives.
Allen has frequently mined the fripperies of the monied elite for light comic effect but here he delves deep creating a masterfully compelling drama that nevertheless is frequently extremely funny.
A searing drama delivered with a compassionate, humane touch, Blue Jasmine is exhilarating, funny and heartbreaking, instantly taking its place alongside the best of Allen's work.
A career-best Cate Blanchett dazzles in Woody Allen's heartbreaking missive.
Blue Jasmine is the film die-hard Woody Allen fans have been waiting for, thanks to a superb, pointed script and terrific performances from a wonderful ensemble cast, including a sure-to-be-Oscar-nominated central turn from Cate Blanchett.
If you don't buy this stuff you don't buy it, though millions do and perhaps millions will.
Flitting between the extravagance of Jasmine's former life and her undignified current climb down allows for a entertaining and insightful look at the depression of recession. There are of course, a few great Woody one-liners but the mood is blue.
Woody has snapped to wakefulness, his comic and dramatic synapses firing off with an old ease that's deeply gratifying. You needn't even place it in Allen's very top rank to call it his best in about two decades.
With a riveting performance, Cate Blanchett creates one of Woody Allen's most memorable movie characters in years.
You may even feel guilty for laughing except that Blanchett knows where to draw the line and she treads it gracefully - despite all those martinis.
Allen's best film in years, astute, humane and shot through with keen observations on the state of the world.
Jasmine is a remarkably well constructed and tragic character and Blanchett is breathtaking in the role, and one that demands an Oscar nomination, at the very least.
The exquisite Blanchett amazes, bringing brittleness and vulnerability to a woman on the edge.
Blue Jasmine is a handsomely shot (sometimes luminous, sometimes airily naturalistic), structurally deft (flip-flopping between the SF present and the NY past) and terrifically performed (expect Oscar noms) dramedy.
Writer/director Woody Allen's latest in his burst of 70-something creativity (after last year's To Rome With Love) is one of his best and darkest outings in years,
It is pure movie-going pleasure.
Arguably [Allen's] meatiest film since 1989's Crimes and Misdemeanours.
You have to dig deep in Allen's back catalogue to find a single performance as affecting and well-judged as the one Cate Blanchett delivers.
If you're someone who likes to put together a top 10 list at the end of each year, see Blue Jasmine and you'll only need to find 9 more.
What a relief it must be for an actor to realise they're in one of Woody Allen's good movies; a biennial event!The darkly comic class nightmare Blue Jasmine, is one of the good ones. The very good ones.
Blue Jasmine is one of Allen's cleverest and most compassionate films, making it also one of his greatest.
Allen has chosen to tell this story in slices, cutting back and forth in time ... only works to a degree; for one thing, it robs many scenes of their full emotional payoff
Blanchett discards all vanity and oozes despair ... Allen's voice can be heard throughout the film and if this screenplay is indicative of his current mindset, he is feeling blue or in any event, enjoying twisting the knife into the keyhole of human foibles
Blue Jasmine is beguiling, hilarious and heart-wrenching.
This is Woody Allen in peak form. He has stripped out that jabbering New York paranoia and gleefully poked a big stick at America's ruling class.
Blue Jasmine marks a high-water mark for Blanchett, and for Allen, who demonstrates both the craftsmanship and the unique gift for balancing comedy and pathos which has eluded him for so long.
The title is a little deceiving. It should simply be called Acting: The Movie
None of the characters seem to be human, but rather objects conditioned by a series of tactical tragedies.
After a few tries at comedy, Allen's pendulum has swung back to drama. Not to say that Blue Jasmine isn't funny, because it is, often farcically so; but it will surprise you with its heft.
Woody Allen at his best; Cate Blanchett at her best = good, solid entertainment!
After all the great things I'd heard, I felt like I must've stumbled into the wrong theater as I watched the sloppy, misanthropic sitcom that is Blue Jasmine
The best imaginable marriage of performer and character.
Jasmine may no longer be a trophy wife, but she remains a sort of trophy: Something on display, cold and golden, for us to admire.
Allen includes some nicely offbeat casting choices ... but mostly he gives the floor to Blanchett, who captures Jasmine's Xanax-popping neuroses with flinty brilliance.
A deeply compelling, often darkly comic, and undeniably brilliant film. Cate Blanchett sets the new standard for actors portraying wildly dysfunctional people.
Director/writer Woody Allen still has vitality, creativity, and the man can write.
Allen makes no apologies for his lead character's infuriating behavior, and neither does Blanchett.
Blanchett carries this uneven character-driven pic with more depth than what passes for drama in the usual Woody flick.
Cate Blanchett is going to clean up big time at the awards given out at the end of the year.
A magnetic but heartbreaking performance from Cate Blanchet as a woman adrift rescues Woody Allen's often rudderless tragi-comedy.
Jasmine's ride is not nearly as dramatic as Blanche DuBois' emotional deconstruction in Streetcar, but her journey is made tolerable by an Oscar-worthy performance by Cate Blanchett.
Cate Blanchett gives a masterful performance.... Allen's work has rarely, if ever, hit so hard.
If Allen is outside his element in San Francisco, so is his heroine Jasmine (Cate Blanchett), and the result is one of the nerviest, freshest films he's made in a long time.
Blanchett hits the notes pitch perfectly and could easily have a date with Oscar early next year. (Full Parental Review also available)
Allen's 45th feature movie as writer/director is quietly mesmerizing. It's a standout production in his hit-and-miss career, though it echoes with familiar Allen tropes.
Blanchett an excellent Blanche
I'm not sure how much Woody had to do Blanchett's the performance: She gives the character some depths I suspect he never considered. She's also grand and showy and over-the-top that overtakes the whole film. It's impossible to look away from her.
(Cate) Blanchett gives a fiery, vulnerable and complex performance that is sure to garner her a best actress Academy Award nomination, if not the golden statue itself.
Though Blue Jasmine has a tendency to hammer away at its themes, it at least shows that Allen still has a few interesting ideas floating around behind his horn-rimmed glasses.
Much as I love the performances here, the film just generally leaves a sour taste.
An uneven yet engaging effort from Woody Allen...
Blanchett gives her best-ever performance, moving Jasmine back and forth on moody waves. She can be difficult company, but she's so fully fleshed out that she eventually earns compassion.
With absolutely dynamite work from Cate Blanchett and the rest of a large, deep ensemble, Woody Allen's Blue Jasmine is a tremendous character study, and an effectively topical one to boot.
Blanchett is a scene-chewing velociraptor. ... By contrast, Sally Hawkins steals the movie with her endearingly casual turn as Ginger.
It's narratively uneven but the occasional lapses of focus are rescued by Cate Blanchett's riveting lead performance.
Woody hasn't resolved the comedy and cruelty issue, but this dark comedy is brilliant and Blanchett's inspired turn dazzles.
Jasmine is unlikable, but Blanchett makes you feel her pain, anyway, because she's so subtly yet devastatingly good at showing that pain.
In recent interviews, Woody admits that he continues making films out of guilt ... Let's rejoice that his guilt results in such palpable emotions for us all.
This also benefits from one of the strongest casts he's assembled in years: Cate Blanchett is exceptional in the lead, and there are strong supporting turns from Alec Baldwin, Sally Hawkins, and (in a surprise dramatic turn) Andrew Dice Clay.
Jasmine resembles one of those '50s wives -- widowed or dumped -- who find themselves with nary a skill to survive, or at least not in the manner they'd grown accustomed.
The Woody Allen mojo is at work in his latest film, which gets an extra boost from Cate Blanchett's extraordinary performance as a Park Avenue matron brought low by the recent financial crisis.
Just when it seemed like Allen was going to settle for cranking out a comic bauble every year for the rest of his career, he comes up with a vital and vibrant knockout of a movie.
Blanchett's performance is among the year's best.
As Jasmine's story is revealed, and as Blanchett manages the fragile mask of her character's sanity, the film builds to a mighty emotional pitch.
It's an acid, lacerating portrait of hubris and privilege, of a cohort yet to come to grips with the consequences of its bubble-inflating actions.
A wrenching portrait of a woman whose life has fallen apart.
Blanchett is steady as she goes, delivering one of the most exhilarating performances of the year.
Despite some thin writing, it's Allen's weightiest work in years.
Blanchett excels at every turn, from the haughty airs and headstrong sense of entitlement to the fragile and inevitable disintegration that made the hair on my arms stand up.
Both a sharp-edged character study of a woman on the verge of a psychological breakdown and a cannily-constructed ensemble piece reflecting the differences of class and culture that permeate American life.
By the time "Blue Jasmine" arrives at one of Allen's most haunting finales, it has become a portrait of a delicate, troubled soul worthy of mention alongside Tennessee Williams.
A solid outing from a writer-director who is already in preproduction on his 46th film.
There's never been a better director of women than Woody Allen. Actresses in his films have earned five Oscars from 11 nominations. Cate Blanchett in "Blue Jasmine" should make it an even dozen.
In recent years, Blanchett played Blanche DuBois on the stage, and her familiarity with the inner workings of a refined woman reduced to rubble shows in every scene.
Distinctly Allen-esque, but dominated by Cate Blanchett's stunning lead performance -- a masterful tightrope walk of delusion and deliberation that keeps the effort absorbing and darkly comic.
Allen's best film since the early Nineties.
"Blue Jasmine" is a real dramatic treat, one that is destined to become a classic.
Woody writes and directs, but does not appear in his own movie. Instead, he has imbued Blanchett's character, Jasmine, with all the neurotic, distraught and unstable tendencies that Allen usually reserves for himself.
Unsettling and insightful, it's Woody Allen's 48th film - and one of his best.
My only question, come year's end, is: who will be the other four actresses to get Oscar nominations? [Cate] Blanchett's, I think, is assured.
Very Unhappy Movie
Allen is a famously hands-off director, and while this method succeeds on occasion, too many scenes in Blue Jasmine betray a directorial negligence.
Guided by a powerhouse turn from Cate Blanchett, this grievously funny, shrewdly devastating character study is as focused and emotionally rewarding as anything Woody Allen has made in the twenty-first century.
In "Jasmine," Allen has created a situation and characters that are both timely and timeless, rooted in classic circumstance but set in recognizably contemporary situations.
Allen's screenplay and Blanchett's performance turn a character that begins as a caricature of social elitism into a vivid portrait of misery...
Blue Jasmine ranks with Vicky Cristina Barcelona and Midnight in Paris at the top of Woody Allen's recent movies.
Blanchett owns this movie as thoroughly as her character owns her delusions.
Blanchett in "Blue Jasmine" is beyond brilliant, beyond analysis. This is jaw-dropping work, what we go to the movies hoping to see, and we do. Every few years.
Blanchett conjures up a crackling caldron of colliding conflicts with one of the most memorable female protagonists Allen has ever written.
It isn't always easy to watch. It isn't exactly fun (although parts are funny). Blanchett's performance sometimes overpowers the story. But it's an essential work in Allen's later canon.
Plenty of fine actresses have delighted in Allen's snappish comic rhythms, which the writer never really loses, even in drama. Or in drama borrowed from Tennessee Williams.
Blanchett's edgy comic brio, in Jasmine's blithely imperious manner, magically complements her tragic mental fragility and self-defeating desperation.
It holds its own thanks to Blanchett's stunning take on Jasmine, whose incandescent and ongoing meltdowns are mesmerizing to behold.
Blanchett's incredible, never allowing Jasmine to become a parody. She's the center of a semi-tragic character study about phoniness and deluded personal fantasies.
Jasmine is rich material for Blanchett...but then there's the dull compliments Allen's characters pay the city: "It's so Mediterranean," they exclaim. "If you can't fall in love here, you can't fall in love anywhere."
If only this performance was in a different movie, one more at sync with the panic that glints in Blanchett's eyes.
With his stunning actress, Allen's probe into social convolution and neurotic stress is a display of preeminent talent and European influence.
Allen's story of a fictitious Ruth Madoff figure works as both a what-if comedy and a penetrating psychological portrait. Major credit goes to Blanchett, raw and funny and astounding as ever.
A compelling, unsettling and darkly comic character study about a woman deep in the throes of a psychological breakdown.
Cate Blanchett's performance marks the start of the Oscar watch.
Allen's best movie in some years and certainly his finest drama with comedy since 2005's "Match Point," it is a tale of wealth, greed and corruption -- and the shock waves that occur when crimes lead to punishment.
Woody Allen gets serious with this searing portrait of a woman under the influence and a remarkable performance from Cate Blanchett.
[A]... thing of wonder. What you're looking for with [Allen] are signs of life, as opposed to shtick and koans... You want to see that the finery of character writing still means something to him. This is his 43rd movie, and it's inspired.
The genius of Cate Blanchett's performance lies in the way she sells us on the urgency of Jasmine's concerns and the depth of her plight, mastering sincere obliviousness.
Blanche Dubois wanted magic. Jasmine French settles for a beach house in the Hamptons.
Sour, mordant, and fitfully hilarious
Allen's trademark rich characters and witty dialogue are enhanced by a terrific performance from Cate Blanchett in the title role.
Blue Jasmine is a character study, and although its principal character is a mess, she's utterly compelling, especially as played by Cate Blanchett.
Though it's still early, this will likely be the best-written and most layered female character in an American film this year.
Blanchett fabulously goes above and beyond her duties as the wilting faux flower of the title.
Why should we care about Jasmine? For me, the best reason was Blanchett's all-out performance, which is often frighteningly vivid.
Blanchett is all the reason anyone might need to see this movie.
Smart, timely Woody Allen dramedy has drinking, pills.
Maybe this won't be the huge hit that Midnight in Paris was, but it is one of Allen's best with fine performances by Blanchett, Sally Hawkins, and Andrew Dice Clay in a brilliant bit of casting against type.
Tremendous performances.
If you want to see what capital-A Acting looks like, take a gander at Cate Blanchett in Woody Allen's latest feature.
Woody Allen has proven himself adept at gifting his actresses with Oscar gold and Cate Blanchett's shredding of her character's psyche while she outwardly maintains the entitled snobbery of the 1% is an already great actress's finest performance to date
Somewhat less than the sum of its parts, Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine'' showcases a brilliant, Oscar-worthy performance by Cate Blanchett as sort of a WASP version of Ruth Madoff.
In Blue Jasmine, with the help of several perfectly pitched performances, Woody Allen once again reminds us that if there is an Us and a Them, he's one of Us.
Woody Allen's Blue Jasmine finds the almost-80-year-old filmmaker in fine form as a director of actors, but he undermines that skill with a terribly structured and under-thought screenplay.
Blanchett's lavish, almost operatic turn as Jasmine sloshes against the sides of this insubstantial movie like liquid in a too-small container (maybe the room-temperature Stoli Jasmine is continually downing).
[Blanchett's] bravura performance is tinged with haughtiness, dry humor and madness. It's one of the year's finest, most complex portrayals, in one of Allen's best films in years.
this movie is easier to admire than to like... Allen as a director is still getting better, but as a screenwriter he needs to do a few more drafts.
The plotting is wooden, the flashbacks lazy, the adoption device a bad joke, and as always, everyone stammers like Woody.
The movie's observations about economic disparity are cloaked in zestful comedy that's broad or stiletto-sharp.
For all of "Blue Jasmine's" darkness, the movie is among the filmmaker's most emotionally affecting.
It's a movie of quiet moments (and one startling revelation). But it is a dramatic slice of life, and it lives fully in a darkness Allen's only occasionally kept at bay.
Sooner or later a major film-maker has to give us someone we will never forget. Jasmine is that someone.
This is one strange, sometimes uneven but mostly mesmerizing film.
Want to see great acting, from comic to tragic and every electrifying stop in between? See Cate Blanchett in Blue Jasmine.
Cate Blanchett seems to be operating on an otherworldly level of thespianism.
The way [Blanchett] anchors this superb dramedy is a thing of beauty.
Allen observes Jasmine's allure and disease without penetrating her soul. That makes for a movie that is both intimate and disinterested, as if Jasmine were a flailing insect in a barren terrarium.
[A] moving, sometimes funny film ...
A Woody Allen dramady with plenty of sparks and sizzle about the fall of a selfish woman who is a member of America's "Winning Class."
There's something admirably perverse about a movie that casts Andrew Dice Clay as the most upstanding character on screen.
In a performance that at times recalls, without embarrassment, Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under The Influence, Blanchett plays Jasmine as a woman on the verge of becoming incapable of living in the world.
This is the closest to Eric Rohmer Allen's ever got.
In all, this is the strongest, most resonant movie Woody Allen has made in years.
There's something cathartic about a contemporary film that's willing to explore madness as an expression of who a person really is.
A freak show whose alternately compelling and repulsive heroine can't disguise the fact that it's a movie by a sour old guy who no longer likes anything or anyone and who also, more damningly, just isn't interested.
Equal parts sympathy and schadenfreude.
Not just one of the best films of the summer; it's one of the best of the year, a drama with enough laughs to underscore just how tragic its portrait really is.
I do not consider Jasmine a typical Woody Allen comedy. It's better than anything you might imagine.
Woody Allen's elegant skewering of a Madoff-ish wife is so precise, so exquisitely brought to sizzling life by Cate Blanchett, the characters, cities and world around her suffer in comparison.
"Blue Jasmine" is a drama, but it's one of Allen's funniest, mostly because of Cate Blanchett. You don't laugh so much at Jasmine as you do at Blanchett's ballsy performance.
Is ''Blue Jasmine'' an Occupy Wall Street-era morality tale, or just a deeply absorbing character study? Either way, Allen has given us a whole lot to chew on - and a flawed heroine we'll remember for a long time.
Only Andrew Dice Clay, in a small role as Ginger's Low-Class(TM) onetime husband, pierces the movie's highly polished bubble world; he comes off as a person whose veins run with blood rather than some liquefied director's conceit.
Once again, Allen corrals an impeccable cast and often delicious scenery to ease this uneven journey for filmgoers. Loyal Allen fans, also lured by the plot's Madoff angle, will be onboard.
Jasmine is a layered, larger-than-life, showstopper who often breaks a poised calm to become an emotional wreck. This is a daunting role for a good actress but Blanchett is great. She navigates between the nimble shimmy and the quivering snaps with ease
Witty about social pretensions, eloquent about failure & loss, acerbic about family, Allen's light-handed tragedy is a major work. Blanchett is dazzling as the fragile heroine.
For a film that starts as a 'fish out of water' comedy, it's not that funny, instead feeling more disjointed and all over the place in terms of tone and even dull at times.
Cate Blanchett is neurotically golden in another memorable female character study from Woody Allen.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Allen's busy attempt at putting more drama than comedy on his narrative scales is a depressing affair all around.
Cate Blanchett classes up a dated Woody Allen melodrama.
[Allen's] new drama Blue Jasmine comes this close to being a wheeze. But he sells it beautifully.
"Woody Allen's best film since 1994's 'Bullets Over Broadway.'"
This well-constructed comedy of manners bears comparison with Tennessee Williams' 'A Streetcar Named Desire' and Oscar Wilde's 'The Importance of Being Earnest.'
The law of averages catches up with Woody Allen
One of Woody Allen's strongest and most pointed films in over a decade despite mildly falling victim to his recent propensity for clunky narrative development, cynicism, and stereotypical characterizations.
Allen's latest picture...possesses a script that is at times clunky and uneven, but features an outstanding firecracker turn from Cate Blanchett that has "Oscar-worthy" written all over it in flames.
Allen has achieved a fusion of two sensibilities that resembles one mode of storytelling but plays like a different one altogether.
The essence of Blue Jasmine feels timely, even years into America's limp rebound from recession: How do we start over, when guilt can't be fully processed and sacrifice is demeaned?
An examination of existential crisis and self-delusion that is nimble, glancingly funny and yet also marked by sly, unstressed depths.
A meaty, fully realized drama that cleverly functions as both an update of "A Streetcar Named Desire" and a satire on One Percent excess.

@highlight

Woody Allen's Blue Jasmine finds the director in peak late-period form -- and benefiting from a superb cast led by Cate Blanchett.