Award-winning filmmaker Dome Karukoski lovingly tells the story of iconic Finnish artist Touko Laaksonen...
Beautifully shot and punctuated with powerful moments [...] it nicely depicts this unassuming man who changed the world.
"Tom of Finland," a fantastic film in more ways than one, peers into another world with honesty and ferocity as well as admiration.
Some solid performances and the fierce originality of its subject make this biopic about the eponymous Finnish-born gay male erotic artist worthwhile viewing. Too bad the film itself is all over the map.
Karukoski's scenes often have a smoky, sweaty reek that would have amused the late Rainer Werner Fassbinder, a titan of tang himself... The tensile central performance by Pekka Strang is adroit at capturing the complicated man.
Artistic expression as means of self-determination and liberation from oppression is explored to poignant effect in Tom of Finland
Touko Laaksonen sketched out an enduring legacy with his homoerotic images of hyper-masculine men. So, why then is Dome Karukoski's depiction of Laaksonen's rise from closeted pornographer to celebrated artist so flaccid?
the filmmakers give an honest and informative view of a man whose life-long work helped many find themselves in their LGBT universe.
Karukoski does his subject proud, his own artistry with visuals and sound complementing the artist and the art he depicts.
In a subtle but wily performance, Strang never loses sight of his character's innate sense of resistance.
Karukoski turns a promising story into a flat, clammy bore.
More delicately, the film brings to life the desire that lit the artist's genius, until he'd filled the entire world with leather gods and muscle studs.
In the end, the overarching theme of "Tom of Finland" is the power of art, even - or maybe especially - so-called deviant art.
Frank and moving, the biographical drama "Tom of Finland" tells the too-weird-to-be-fiction story of the artist credited with creating some of the enduring icons for gay men around the world.
... filmmaker Dome Karukoski employs a paint-by-numbers approach that fails to mine the material for all its richness.
To present Tom Of Finland's life in the format of a prestige biopic feels like a poor fit, to say the least.
Yet. seeing Laakonsens' fantasies realized exponentially confirms that his erotica is timeless. Tom of Finland commemorates gay culture's Toulouse-Lautrec.
Though not explicit per se, Tom of Finland is quite visceral; you can practically smell this movie, with many scenes reeking of cigarettes, sweat, and ... And you know whether that's high praise or not.
"Tom of Finland" entertainingly recounts an intriguing and vital chapter of 20th-century gay history with style and deference.
We all think about which films we should see from the current crop. Tom of Finland is perhaps an unusual choice but it's one I'm pleased to have seen.
Tom of Finland is a good, strong movie, but never threatens to be great. One salivates at the adventurous directions the film could have explored.
Why does Tom of Finland play like an over-cited term paper? The film is jammed with incident and detail but there's little flow to the storytelling ...
Once the movie gets to California, its outlook improves.
... provides an intriguing glimpse into the relationship between art and commerce, set against a backdrop of cultural repression and restraint.
A heartfelt tribute to the artist. It's also a too-often diffuse one.
A decorous restraint pervades Tom of Finland - which, given its subject matter, can't help but seem puzzling; Karukoski never manages to capture the hedonistic excess of Laaksonen's art.
Dome Karukoski's film examines the life of groundbreaking gay artist Touko Laaksonen, who found fame as Tom of Finland.
While Mr. Laaksonen devoted his life (1920-91) to challenging conventions, the film is committed to honoring them.
With the arrival of AIDS, everything changes and the film at last finds its theme. The gleeful tone of defiance embodied in Laaksonen's drawings can now be read as an eloquent reply to the puritanical backlash that comes in the wake of the epidemic.
A formless look at Tom's life that seeks to celebrate him uncritically as a hero with a pill of a sister and a sweet boyfriend who just wants to hold his hand in public sometimes. Sex and desire go missing here, to a large extent.
Finland's entry to the Oscar competition for best foreign language film gives the audience a detailed, emotional look at one of the gay community's heroes.
... a very watchable, solid, frequently entertaining and sometimes touching true story.
This respectful, beautifully made biopic ... is both entertaining and informative, but it's also curiously restrained and occasionally undermined by some peculiar editing.
The film is gorgeously shot, with rich production design that plays with deep colours and bright sunshine.
Despite these third-act fumbles, Karukoski's drama remains a carefully observed and fascinating chronicle of 20th-century institutionalised homophobia and various underground subcultures.
This is dramatised vividly with the help of a sound performance by Pekka Strang, but there's a touch of typical biopic plodding, and not much context.
An interesting film rather than an engrossing one ... it's hard not to wish it was a little more energised by its subject's enduringly transgressive spirit.
Tom of Finland is almost as handsome and glossy as the drawings of luxuriantly leather-clad fantasy figures with which he made his name.
It will be a stony-hearted viewer indeed who resists the celebration of Tom of Finland's conclusion.
With a certain no-nonsense flair it documents the arc of a modern gay pioneer, from niche appeal to mainstream acceptance, mirroring the gay movement itself.
This should be arresting. It should be gripping, complicated, provocative and difficult.
There's nothing coy about the film, which also feels like an honest reflection of the way the Laaksonen's legacy has been embraced by the Finnish government as an important part of the country's cultural heritage.
A decent, worthy, lugubrious biopic: exactly the adjectives one wouldn't choose for the art of its subject and protagonist.
Having taken such pains to establish Tom's Finnish background and its attendant dangers, Karukoski hurtles through the sketchy American section without exploring any of its crucial issues in sufficient depth.
Finnish artist Touko Laaksonen, known by his nom de plume Tom of Finland, is brought above the radar of cultural history in this well-acted biopic.
Not exactly a deep dive into a lesser-chronicled chapter of 20th century history ... but a worthwhile portrait of a fascinating and hugely influential artist.
Pekka Strang does a fantastic job as Laaksonen; his playfully nuanced performance adds to the beautifully sedate way in which the story is told.
Strang's quiet turn as Laaksonen has a simmering power.
Although much of Laaksonen's work was hardcore, Karukoski doesn't seek to 'shock' audiences with outrageousness, instead gracefully zoning in on the man and his life to celebrate his both his bravery and his art.
Even when director Dome Karukoski isn't as successful in his telling of Touko Laaksonen's story, he never sanitizes the images or language for straight audiences. In this regard, "Tom of Finland" does justice to its subject.
The greatest virtue of Tom of Finland is its rejection of hagiography. [Full review in Spanish]
Strang and Grabowsky deliver fantastic, in-depth performances, shaping the siblings' personalities with sensitive resoluteness.
Dome Karukoski often excels at elevating his linear, historically conscious plotting with more abstract symbolism and ellipsis.
Karukoski's film at least honors its subject's work in some key respects: It's handsome, smoothly executed and eager to entertain.

@highlight

Tom of Finland honors its subject with an empathetic, even-handed, and above all entertaining look at the pioneering art he produced from private turmoil.