The characters, especially those of the two ten-year-old protagonists, ring true and when, just past the midway point, tragedy strikes it's quite devastating.
Bridge To Terabithia's scope is surprisingly broad for a family film: it deals with identity, family, the nature of courage, the difficulty of being an outsider and even God. But its main thrust is friendship.
Thanks to its subtle touches and strong character development, Bridge to Terabithia is not only entertaining for the family but for anyone who wants to leave reality behind for a little while.
Bridge to Terabithia is a brave film but a disturbing one, and even though it is inspired by real-life events, it feels like a cheat.
I ended up being slightly disappointed by it.
An understated, touching and largely faithful version of Katherine Paterson's pre-teen novel.
A movie that shows kids the value of imagination and gets them talking with their parents is good, even if it's tough.
Bridge to Terabithia is the most moving, intelligent drama with children for a decade.
Bridge to Terabithia is not only faithful to the novel but also stands to become a beloved family movie.
This screen adaptation of Katherine Paterson's now-classic novel for young readers tells its story with agreeable simplicity in between computer-generated monsters.
It's an emotionally rich testament to the life-changing power of friendship.
The special effects suggest a Narnia-like romp, but the movie has a darker, more sorrowful landscape to explore and it does so brilliantly, with true nuance and heartfelt sincerity.
Pretty much a religious sermon attempting to jab at impressionable viewers about god, heaven, and spirituality.
The screenplay retains the gritty emotion of its source but gets ponderous in the iconic third act.
The film, though, takes us to a world in which imagination comes to life, with lavish CGI special effects giving the magic of Terabithia a palpable presence it never had in the book, even in Jess and Leslie's imaginations.
The fantasy scenes ... do not resonate with the mythic power of those in Pan's Labyrinth, but this is as moving a coming of age story as one could want.
sort of awful, but it goes places most conventional children's entertainments fail to go
Radiates with youthful imagination and the joys of using it to abandon the everyday.
Una película entretenida y emotiva sobre la idea de la pérdida, el dolor, la culpa, y sobre todo de la imaginación como válvula de escape. No es el típico pasatiempo inocente que promete; es mucho más interesante que eso.
Pleasing magical coming-of-age kidpic.
It's the sort of movie I admire more in retrospect than I did while watching it.
Beautiful lesson in friendship for young and old.
A champion of imagination.
It's a rare film that gives children an honest voice that doesn't talk down to them. Yet at the same time, there's also a solid film inside for adults to enjoy as well.
A bittersweet, if ultimately uplifting, coming-of-age tale touching on a litany of themes, including fantasy, friendship and family.
I was alternately charmed and disappointed ... The movie is certainly light years ahead of the mediocre television adaptation but it is not quite the definitive version of the story, despite the strong screenplay and fine lead actors.
The filmmakers do a nice job keeping the enchantment level high while (pardon the phrase) keeping it real.
daleko od eskapizma
...there's a third-act twist that brings some much-needed gravity to the proceedings.
I liked the seriousness with which it has been made, the willingness to grant deep feeling to its young characters, and the way it avoids of a lot of the cliches... but the failure to enchant in the scenes in the woods leaves a hole.
...from an adult's perspective, I found the film lacking in the very creativity that its story line promotes.
Director Gabor Csupo does a fine job of weaving together the realities of life for ten-year-olds with the magical world Jesse and Leslie share.
Robb spreads her energy around like it comes from a deep well at Exxon.... and everything is affected by it.
[Full Review in Greek]
Adapted from Katherine Paterson's novel, this beautifully drawn family friendly film explores the power of the imagination, bonding two like-souls as they create their own world, far away from their bleak everyday.
A magical tale that doesn't become maudlin when many films of its ilk could have. A beautifully touching performance from AnnaSophia Robb
The makers go easy on the special effects and the picture has a tragic dimension that young children will find upsetting. But if they watch it in the right spirit, and the right company, it could prove emotionally enlarging.
Enjoyable, superbly acted drama that will appeal to kids and adults alike.
Here's an old-fashioned children's film that should suit the once huge family audience very well.
It's not a film that need unduly trouble grown-ups.
The invented world is stolid, the logic of its relationship with reality muddled; but what really kills the film is the way it wears its uplift on its sleeve.
Worth a look.
Probably the best family film you'll see all year.
Smart, sprightly and sensitive, this is like a junior-edition Heavenly Creatures , complete with ace chemistry and tragic twist.
The kids are good; the effects are appalling.
Narnia fans might find some enjoyment in this children's fantasy adventure.
It's shamelessly manipulative, but also deeply moving.
An engaging portrait of childhood, this well-meaning family film rises above its flaws, and delivers a surprisingly hefty emotional punch.
A thoroughly pleasing family film with fine performances and honest, affecting real situations mixed with joyful adventure.
An affecting inquest into the nature of courage, mortality, grief and the healing power of faith.
Understands that a kids movie that's "For Adults Too" means "Mature, Complex Themes," not "Fart Jokes and Sexual Innuendo."
It has crossover as more than kids' fare because it's smart about childhood.
Bridge to Terabithia is a beautifully written and acted film with a big heart, but also with the uncompromising reality of death. It is impossible not to be charmed and moved by this film.
This is a film that is by turns wonderful and heart-breaking. Do not expect a big special-effects fantasy. Fantasy and its power is just one theme among several well-presented themes.
You can't tell a book by its cover, and you can't tell a movie by its trailer.
It's not often that a kiddie-flick will elicit genuine emotion in the audience
Despite an odd choice to inject computer animated wonder, Bridge to Terabithia is ...a loving tribute to the best and the worst moments of adolescence...
A sensitive and moving teen drama about dealing with bullying, loneliness and grief.
A 'family' film that is more convincing, honest and intense than most 'adult' movies.
It's for bright, inquisitive children (and attendant adults) who subscribe to the theory that imagination is one of the most wonderful tools available.
This handsomely mounted adaptation of Katherine Paterson's Newberry award-winning novel is an intelligently layered drama of creative inspiration and adolescent friendship.
This is a horrible little movie, stupid and clunky and obnoxious through and through.
While it's admirable that Bridge to Terabithia isn't sugar-coated, more often than not it plays as miserabilism for kids.
[Director Gabor] Csupo doesn't condescend to his audience; the complications of grade-school life are extremely serious business to the people experiencing them.
[Director Csupo] succeeds in keeping his main characters well-rooted in their daily lives, and his restraint in creating Terabithia is commendable. With no gratuitous rainbows, elves or unicorns, it somehow is believable.
As much as anything, Bridge is about how powerfully friendship can transform children.
The visual effects in 'Bridge to Terabithia' are underwhelming and prevent a magical cinematic experience.
It's rendered in a very touching and authentic and beautiful way.
It redeems itself by being good-natured and sincere, and by touching the viewer's heart without manhandling it.
Haphazardly adapted from Katherine Paterson's popular 1977 coming-of-age children's book, "Bridge to Terabithia" is a problematic movie held together by its charming child actors.
A gem of a movie that is coming out at a time when we are usually saddled with Hollywood's dregs.
What a wonderful, sorrowful film.
It will break your heart, mend it, and then make it cheer.
One of the best family films in years.
The beauty of Bridge to Terabithia was always about the friendship, and that aspect remains the focal point of the film as well.
Bridge to Terabithia is a real anachronism in today's family-movie landscape, if for no other reason than it simply and accurately portrays the interior life of adolescents.
Bridge to Terabithia is much less than it's being advertised as, which makes it much more of a good thing.
As humane a Hollywood film as we're likely to see all year.
Csupo ushers in an exciting and emotional action-adventure product that enchants and motivates the active imagination...Terabithia radiates with engaging enthusiasm.
Most pleasantly, the movie doesn't overdo its special effects. Weta Digital bring Jess and Leslie's imaginations to life slowly and in to-scale fashion.
This is Csupo's feature directorial debut, but as creator, producer, and writer of Rugrats and The Wild Thornberrys, among several other series, he's had a long career in animation, and he handles the CGI setpieces masterfully.
A family film that recognizes that there are some interesting, intelligent fifth graders out there who aren't obsessed with fart jokes or potty humor.
The story is a pleasant enough diversion with a positive message about seeing the troubled person behind the bully and the importance of keeping an open mind.
[Actors] Robb and Hutcherson are the keys to the film's success: She has a refreshingly offbeat charm, and he smoothly handles emotional material that would be too daunting to many more experienced actors.
For all that Bridge to Terabithia does to encourage children to exercise their imaginations and pursue the arts, the movie's producers give only glimpses of the wonderful creatures and magical kingdom dreamed up by two children.
There's a lot to recommend Bridge for a young crowd. Hutcherson and Robb have excellent chemistry, Jesse's palpable hunger for his father's approval is quietly poignant, and a third-act tragedy deepens and sweetens everything.
Bridge to Terabithia is no Wizard of Oz. It's more like Pan's Labyrinth lite -- and there's nothing wrong with that.
Despite its small scale, Bridge offers a lot of things you won't see in most children's movies, including honest dialogue, actions that have consequences and some truly moving moments.
The adroitly calibrated life lessons include a chill gulp of death, and Terabithia proves to be soulful, even healing. What most delivers is the efficiently just-right cast, the charmed bonding of kid stars Robb and Hutcherson.
Refreshingly, Bridge to Terabithia finds most of its strength in its very human, live-action sequences, and less so in its limited special-effects fantasies.
Any film celebrating the power of imagination is always welcome. Due to its rather pedestrian execution, however, The Bridge to Terabithia ultimately comes up short.
Bridge to Terabithia the movie, like the book, is buckets-of-tears sad. Director Csupo and company manage to get that -- the simple power of a story about kindred souls, about loss, about the limitless possibilities of a lively mind -- just right.
[Director Gabor] Csupo understands that what's really important to this story isn't the fantasy, but the reality -- he's especially shrewd at showing us how keenly Jess feels his family's money troubles.
A fanciful, emotional and entertaining movie.
Terabithia has buckets of gentle sincerity. Since there aren't any dumb jokes or hip visuals, it's easy to get caught up in the simple messages: Be good to your sister, don't be a bully, use your imagination in a pinch.
Everyone involved genuinely seems to believe in the power of imagination to enliven -- and enlighten -- the darkest realities, and that's a magic this film captures beautifully.
Bridge to Terabithia blew me -- and my cynicism -- away. Even though I was drawn in from the beginning, I kept waiting for Terabithia to let me down, but it never did.
It pulls no punches from the harder aspects of the book, particularly the central tragedy that makes Bridge to Terabithia the tremendously sad, albeit redeeming, movie it is.
Beloved kids' novel makes it to the big-screen unscathed, with very real childhood relationships, surreal special effects and a big weepie ending.
Terabithia picks up a lot of emotional punch as it rolls along, and anyone leaving the theater with a dry eye should be checked for a pulse.
Pan's Labyrinth for kids... such a story can be just as powerful without the gore and war.
Smarter and warmer than most family-friendly fare.
There's enough emotional truth in Bridge to Terabithia to make it a worthy addition to big-screen children's literature, if not to propel it into the realms of a childhood classic.
Has inspired moments but too often feels like an extended after-school special, albeit one with good production values.
Through computer-generated imagery, the imagination becomes literal, and in some sense, this feels like a robbery of what lives inside the heads of children.
The movie contains surprisingly little CGI, instead focusing on the kids, their unique bond and the powerful life lessons that come as a result of their adventures.
Very Sad Things prompt Very Big Questions, and this movie is smart enough to avoid Very Easy Answers.
If you haven't read the book, I suggest you see the movie. It's worth the bucks.
Although this family flick is being sold as the second coming of The Chronicles Of Narnia or Lord Of The Ringsbe warned that advertising can be deceptive.
While the visual-effects team conjures up a suitably spectacular vision of Terabithia... what's most impressive about the movie is its sympathetic handling of some difficult real-world topics.
less of a liberal hippie preach-fest that the book was, but still needlessly depressing for a kids' movie
Follows in lock-step with the book and populates its titular fantasyland with CGI creatures... neither idea was very good.
...a movie of homespun all-American beauty...
Terabithia itself, only imagined on the page, is brought to life with imagination and heart. We only get glimpses, but they are tantalizing and witty, with glimmers that show us how even the most fantastical creations are grounded in our own thoughts and
Paterson's lovely, sweet story locates unexpected emotional power...
A decent adaptation of Paterson's novel, and at times it is quite moving.
Imaginative, touching and keenly attuned to the coming-of-age genre, Bridge to Terabithia is a welcomed breath of fresh air in the stale family movie arena.
Consistently smart and delicate as a spider web, Bridge to Terabithia is the kind of children's movie rarely seen nowadays.
A strong cast and imaginative story make Bridge to Terabithia a movie well worth checking out. It may be a little too intense for younger kids, though.
If you're not afraid of your child's developing critical thinking skills, then you should give them the book and take them to see this movie, too.
Charming, touching and refreshing, this is a film the whole family will enjoy.
Like the original novel, Bridge to Terabithia does not shy away from tackling heavy issues and by doing so treats it young target audience with the integrity that they deserve.
Stays true to Paterson's subdued, melancholy coming-of-age masterwork.
Oh, devastating, devastating and lovely and bittersweet and entirely wonderful, this enchantingly old-fashioned movie...
sometimes feels like a rudderless movie meandering along without a plot, but you can enjoy the ride, and feel the emotional wallop waiting for you at the end.
You take your kids to Night at the Museum or Charlotte's Web, and you've employed a temporary babysitter. Roll them over to Bridge to Terabithia and you'll feed their minds with a rich tapestry of emotional investment.
Cheap and ordinary. This isn't art, it's product.
Visually, the Terabithian world is impressively wrought and holds some surprises. Under director Gabor Csupo, the technical side never overshadows the live action or the character-driven story.
Strangely the part of the film that takes place in the real world in more interesting than the segment in the imaginary.
A wonderfully heart-wrenching love story for tweens, teens, and even adults who fondly remember when a friendship could be ignited by a gesture as simple as offering a stick of Juicy Fruit.
One problem with Terabithia is that the director, Gabor Csupo, puts too much stock in the abilities of computer graphics to make things real.
There are trolls and magical creatures, but they are the parsley on the plate. The film is a real human story about love and imagination and loss, infinitely superior to most of Hollywood's machine-stamped fantasies for children.
Extraordinarily close to the book by Katherine Paterson in many ways, the film may even surpass it by showing how a shocking instance of grief can draw a family together.
Bridge to Terabithia is a film most children should see, but it's so dully aestheticized they may not care to.
The most heartwarming, enchanting family film since Stand By Me, October Sky and E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial. It's the first 'must-see' movie of 2007.
In a story that supposedly sings the praises of the power of imagination, you'd think Csupo and his writers could dream up a better ending than the downbeat one that Paterson so tactlessly tacks on
One of the most grounded, realistic kid films to come along in a while. It's comical, cute and adventurous, but it also shares true-to-life emotional issues that many preteens face.
Enchanting, transcendent and profoundly moving, Bridge to Terabithia is a masterpiece.
The beloved children's book has not just survived but thrived in its adaptation to the screen, its delicate combination of coming-of-age angst, tragedy and fantasy handled with assurance and taste by first-time live-action director Gabor Csupo.
Emotional but not mushy, smart but not precocious, Bridge to Terabithia is based on the idea that children feel things just as deeply -- and, often, have ideas just as interesting -- as adults.
Elaborately mounted, expensively produced and filmed with style and empathy, it's an adaptation of Paterson's Newbery Medal-winning book that manages to expand the original vision, yet preserve much of its intense emotion.
While the filmmakers have beefed up fantasy elements from the book, this is a very human story.
Honors the pesky hormones, the inevitable bullies and the sweet and scary reality that comes with being a pre-teen.
Moving and well acted, the film is a throwback to the days, back in the '60s, when Disney (one of the film's producers) made ambitious live-action family films.
[Uses] talented kid and adult actors and a remarkable attention to detail to perfectly capture the delicate, minute rites of passage that define growing up.
...follows two young friends who create a fantasy world in a forest as a way to escape from the bullies of real life, and it's mostly a joy to be able to escape with them.
A top-drawer screen adaptation of a Newbery Award-winning novel about two children who become friends and use their imaginations to transform their everyday world.
The third act goes necessarily dark, maybe a little too much so for the youngest of viewers, but the sense of loss that it conveys ensures that Terabithia is that much more compelling.
The trailers make it look like a third-rate Narnia knockoff, but there are no talking lions, magic kingdoms, or mystical prophecies in this movie.
In Bridge to Terabithia, the two middle schoolers who stumble onto a whole new world don't seem all that wowed. And the movie ... never decides if it's a fantasy or coming-of-age story.
It's an appropriate thing this film is about the strength of imagination because you'll be needing yours if you plan on surviving until the final credits
While a mostly sturdy adaptation of a much-loved book, it isn't quite as secure a structure as it might have been.
Effortless performances from the two young stars ultimately make this movie worthwhile, regardless of the age of the kids watching.
This is easily the best family feature of the early year.
Far from a computer generated escapist fantasy, this film is an unpretentious and touching tale of preteen companionship and loss.
A good story, filled with positive and realistic messages, it is a fine family film that deserves a wide audience. Take your kids to it. You'll all enjoy it.
A tenderly executed adventure-fantasy.
The imaginary world dreamed up by two youngsters in Katherine Paterson's coming-of-age classic has been realized imperfectly, but with intelligence and sensitivity nonetheless, in Bridge to Terabithia.

@highlight

Bridge to Terabithia is a faithful adaptation of a beloved children's novel and a powerful portrayal of love, loss, and imagination through children's eyes.