A messy but highly enjoyable romp that takes a sideswipe at modern Spanish attitudes and the country's economic turmoil.
There's definitely a line between decadence and over-indulgence, and where The Last Circus was certainly the former, Witching and Bitching is unfortunately the latter.
this is a funny, outrageous war of the sexes played out on the battlefield of genre.
Silly, ridiculous, and full of interesting mythology and visuals, Witching and Bitching is a wild ride to experience.
Witches, sight gags and a treatise on the battle of the sexes? Witching & Bitching gives you plenty to think about between the carnage.
Alex de la Iglesia's horror-comedy Witching and Bitching lives up to the silliness of its title.
Right from its subversive opening sequence, the film establishes itself as a silly but sometimes hilarious farce.
Witching & Bitching is an overly bizarre film that does fit Alex de la Iglesia's repertoire, but at the same time pushes the boundaries of fun and outrageous which results in a ludicrous atmosphere.
It's warped, it's frantic, it's dark -- and it's an entertaining bit of guilty-pleasure, midnight-movie craziness
Witching & Bitching is a perfect example of how Video On Demand horror movies are making Hollywood's mainstream titles look like bargain bin garbage in comparison.
A swift, dark and nasty horror comedy that occasionally dances into territory deemed taboo by American filmmakers.
"Witching and Bitching" is accordingly overlong, and conceptually thin. But like most of de la Iglesia's films, it's also freakishly energetic, and often hysterical.
The buddy comedy, gross-out humor and horror elements make for a harmonious mix.
A smorgasbord of broad comic and horror ideas.
Plenty of movies sympathize with outcasts, but only De La Iglesia's sympathize with their ugliest feelings: envy, resentment, and self-loathing.
When de la Igesia is firing on all cylinders, he brings wonderful verve to the screen, always securing the entertainment value of the work while tinkering with its gruesome particulars. It's a wickedly funny movie.
A simple yet utterly bonkers battle of the sexes that chuckles at male chauvinism before castrating it completely.
Projectile pukes its outrages at you with a gusto recalling the early days of those (sadly) reformed upchuckers Sam Raimi and Peter Jackson.
Alex de la Iglesia has experimented with various genres down the years, but the shamelessly crowd-pleasing Witching and Bitching is a return to what he does best -- pure mayhem.
Full of weird and wonderful insanity, Witching and Bitching is the kind of wild ride you don't look away from. The insanity is magnetic.
There's something admirable about a film-maker who throws caution to the wind and just runs with an idea. Even one that turns out to be utterly ridiculous.
Campy, Almodovarian fun -- a genuine guilty pleasure
Anarchy unleashed. Never dull.
Álex de la Iglesia has a real flair for wild action sequences that remain exhilaratingly coherent and sensical.
Not high art by any means, but it is pretty entertaining if you like a good slice of crazy horror-movie fun once in awhile.
The effects-heavy finale goes some way to reinforcing the film's horror credentials, and a minor epilogue revives a dash of comedy, but it's an imperfect end to an adventure that started off so well.
...contains a terminally meandering midsection that ultimately drains the film of its energy and renders its positive attributes moot.
Witching & Bitching, Alex de la Iglesia's latest madcap genre mash-up, literally could not get past its opening scenes, much less to its ridiculous conclusion, without its characters doing the dumbest and most inexplicable things possible.

@highlight

Dark, nasty, and delightfully subversive, Witching and Bitching is gross-out genre fun with a heaping helping of warped comedy for good measure.