... will not disappoint those who are able to enjoy [director Isabel Coixet's] unique rhythm... [Full review in Spanish]
My main disappointment is that it takes a predictable, tragic turn in the third act, which drags out the pathos and gives the romance more credence than it deserves. But in art, as in love, two acts out of three ain't bad.
Between the ugly digital photography, the repellent characters, and the free-floating misogyny, Elegy is an unpleasant film.
A proven favorite, the Horny Old Devil Professor - Ben Kingsley in Isabel Coixet's intelligent but weepy drama.
Your final affection for this literary treat of sorts is how well you accept the finale, which is touching, and intellectually potent, yet possibly one depressant too many.
There are moments when the story sags, as it postures and revels in its own eloquence, but with strong performances and a moving final act, this is still a fine, thought-provoking film.
No se ubica entre lo mejor de la directora Isabel Coixet, pero es de todos modos una interesante y sensible reflexión sobre la soledad, el amor, el sexo y la madurez. Gran trabajo de Ben Kingsley.
A film which stays and stays.
An intelligent tale of aging, beauty, love and loss.
Coixet has blunted the impact of the novel's ending just as she has softened Roth's misanthropic depiction of Kepesh and, as a result, she's taken flak for being over-polite. I didn't care.
Ben Kingsley is extraordinary, but Penelope Cruz is just astounding as Consuela. It is really a beautiful film.
Beauty, obsession and longing are the central themes of this hypnotic but ultimately flawed drama in which Ben Kingsley's ageing college professor falls in lust with Penelope Cruz' stunning and vulnerable student.
Penelope's gullible college coed swoons when the lecherous lecturer played by Ben Kingsley confesses that he's fallen in love with her breasts. You've come a long way backwards, baby. Penelope Cruz Boob Fetish Blues.
runs out of ideas, and efforts to jog the proceedings can't get it back on track
With his fierce, impeccable craft Kingsley shows us around David's tortured, preening, desperate psyche.
Sparse, low-budget drama, helmed by Spaniard Isabel Coixet, intelligently translates Roth's meditation on lust and mortality without soft-pedaling its narrator's brutally honest, unabashedly sexist views.
Penelope Cruz is outstanding in an otherwise lame male fantasy.
Its tone and style, unfortunately, have little to do with the novella it adapts.
A seemingly forced ending, keep Elegy from being more than a character vehicle for one of our greatest actors and an opportunity for some creative dialogue on the pitfalls of romance.
Finally, a film for grown ups.
I could never warm up to any of the characters.
This is Kingsley's show from start to finish, as he wraps himself in Kepesh's mantle of singularity.
... another Hollywood-delivered message declaring the ultimate rightness of romantic love between a 65-year-old man and a woman who is decades younger.
Coixet's gentle hand and Kingsley's elegant voice give the movie a stately equilibrium.
What helps the film stand out is the less than melodramatic approach of director Isabel Coixet and the complex performances of Kingsley and Cruz.
Elegy is a rare treat: a serious film that, thanks to Kingsley and the rest, doesn't seem to take itself too seriously.
You'd think screenwriter Nicholas Meyer would know better.
As adult entertainment, there's nothing around that can touch it.
It's a dark, dark film, and not a fun night out at the movies by any means, but... the filmmakers have clearly done a good job with material from a major author whose work is difficult to adapt.
Kingsley and Cruz both give performances that rank among the best of their recent careers...all by themselves making a terrifically flat movie seem marginally human.
A moving character study and romance based on the novel The Dying Animal by Philip Roth.
A remarkable example of the actor at his best -- conveying wounded hurt or burning hunger with a glance.
The spell cast by most films evaporates before you can fish out the car keys. Elegy, though, only grows in the memory -- more potent, more immediate, more disturbing.
Every once in a while [Kingsley] will give the type of performance, like his superb lead turn in the drama Elegy, that reminds you of just how great he can be when he's properly motivated.
A male-flattering romantic/tragic fantasy for mature intellectuals unable to identify with the young man's fantasies of Judd Apatow movies.
The high-minded philosophical discussions feel like posturing, like the movie is trying a little too hard to earn that "prestige" title.
Remarkably dour and unsexy.
How ironic that it took a woman - Spanish director Isabel Coixet - to capture Philip Roth's inherently male agony about facing mortality.
An eloquent and understated gem.
Intelligent, well-rendered film about adults, relationships, and growing old.
Elegy gives Ben Kingsley one of the best roles of his career.
The film is exquisite on every level, full of sadness and emotional surprise.
A feat that Coixet (My Life Without Me, The Secret Life of Words) and her exquisite cast pull off with knowing aplomb and subtle skill.
For a chamber drama it's unusually spacious and well-populated. Three supporting relationships are brilliantly limned.
It's beautifully photographed and slowly paced, all the better to emphasize the film's emphasis on and exploration of deep feelings.
The best dramatic film of the year so far.
It all unfolds from the point of view of a fabulously selfish man, giving the film a special talent to annoy.
Director Isabel Coixet (My Life Without Me) keeps the focus on Kepesh, played by Kingsley in a performance that brings sympathy and humanity to a selfish, imperious, predatory man.
Occasionally touching, always interesting.
Elegy is a well-made movie, with several revelatory performances (including Deborah Harry's quiet work as Hopper's wife), but the main character is so unappealing, that's what I was left with: Who cares?
By failing to properly transform Roth's unique voice from the page to the screen, all that remains is a fairly embarrassing and horribly mawkish soap opera that, save for one key element, is pretty much a wash from beginning to end.
It's nicely done.
Kingsley perfectly tunes his performance to these psychological nuances, the strong features in his face undone by an anxious flicker of his eyes.
Elegy excels when it focuses solely on Kingsley and Cruz, two actors who inhabit these roles so completely that they're more interesting than the plot twists that surround them.
The delicious conflict of a thinker poleaxed by his feelings inflames Isabel Coixet's smoldering Elegy, based on Roth's novella The Dying Animal.
It's one of the most truthful films about relationships I have ever seen, and boasts an outstanding performance by Sir Ben Kingsley.
Elegy is a curious example of misplaced good taste. Spanish-born director Isabel Coixet's film, adapted by Nicholas Meyer, recasts into softer, more palatable material the...third in Philip Roth's stories driven by the sensual obsessions of Roth al
I began to wriggle in my seat with an uneasy feeling of voyeurism... there was so much time spent in someone else's bedroom.
Brainy, mature, emotional film tackles sex, love.
Director Isabel Coixet sees David's tragedy, but also his life force, and she draws brilliant work out of Cruz.
An absorbing but somber drama.
Wonderful writing, good performances, beautiful photography, and a lot of food for thought.
Strong performances mark this movie, with Penelope Cruz, in particular, rarely quite so good.
It's beautiful, but nobody involved was ever sure what the movie was actually about, or why they were making it.
Ben Kingsley and Penelope Cruz, never better.
A spare, meditative and melancholy film.
This melancholy mediation on aging and desire hangs on an exquisite performance from Penelope Cruz as a young woman who becomes the love object of a man twice her age. It's easily her finest English-language performance to date.
Spanish director Isabel Coixet displays what is almost reverence for the material. You can imagine her whispering on the set. She brings out the absolute best in her top-notch cast.
A nicely shot, slow-moving drama that takes its time to really let the audience get to know its characters.
As an acting showcase that builds to some unexpectedly moving moments, Elegy has much to recommend it.
A windbaggy film of Phillip Roth's novella The Dying Animal.
The movie dog days of August can include dramas, as this abashed adaptation of a Philip Roth novel shows.
Elegy seems to mourn for the wrong things, making its self-examining characters seem merely narcissistic and more than a little pathetic.
Ben Kingsley and Penelope Cruz continue to do their best to offset the summer's more infantile impulses in this fine adaptation of Philip Roth's novel.
While this may seem like an apologia for randy older men, it doesn't come off that way, and Cruz gives her best performance to date.
In the early scenes of the two lovers discovering each other's bodies and personal quirks, Coixet coaxes work from Kingsley and Cruz that is remarkably intimate.
An elegant meditation on lust and mortality.
It may be ironic that it took a female director (and a foreign one) to turn Philip Roth's novella into a melancholy probing of the sexual anxieties of an aging professor, splendidly interpreted by Ben Kingsley in a sharp, fearless performance.
A slow, uninteresting depiction of a selfish fool who possibly too-late realizes that he's grown old before he's actually grown up.
This beautifully directed film is packed with serious, provocative themes. But a mopey tone and some wobbly casting undermines the otherwise terrific acting.
Elegy is a gorgeously shot, classy drama with a terrific supporting cast, but Kingsley's curiously hollow performance means it doesn't quite deliver the required emotional punch.
Whether in trying to reach out for a wider audience here she has diluted her talent in favour of a richer, more stylish surface is a matter for argument. The smoother this kind of film gets, the easier it is to think it.
Coixet has done more than honour it; she has found a tenderness and vulnerability that were so deeply buried as to be almost undetectable.
Elegy makes us question again the cinema's ability, without loss of heat and light, to translate Roth's subtle, high-voltage prose from page to screen.
To this thirtysomething critic, though, it seems to be short on wisdom.
An often stodgy film with an unsympathetic central character and far too many tinkling pianos on the soundtrack, it's also an enjoyable, contemplative movie that you don't have to be male and over the hill to enjoy. Although it will help.
I can't help feeling this kind of slow, introspective, angst-ridden fare is better suited to the novel than to the big screen.
This fails to do justice to Roth's formidable prose.
The big flaw with director Isabel Coixet's adaptation of Philip Roth's short novel The Dying Animal is the sheer unlikelihood of Cruz's Consuela falling for a randy old goat like Kingsley's Kepesh.
There's bracing stuff here about male insecurity and cowardice when it comes to the crunch, but for all Kepesh's worldliness, his character is nothing else but a walking cliché.
An intelligent film for grown-ups.
Elegy is such a serious, oftentimes grave exploration of desire and the ways of aging that it's a miracle the two central characters have as much sex as they do.
Touching, wonderfully acted examination of the corrosive effects of doubt on love.
This is adult story-telling, elegantly restrained and unmistakably classy, which casts a dispassionate eye on a man who loses heart at the same time as he loses his youth, potency and relevancy.
Adult and provocative, Elegy doesn't entirely pull off its complex philosophical juggling act, but it's an interesting and atmospheric piece of cinema, aided by some truly excellent performances.
Overall, though, the film falls just short, due in no small part to unimaginative music selections, which drain its individuality in favour of mere generic arthouse melancholia.
While the supporting actors are engaging, the turgid screenplay lets the whole thing down.
Not even the nude love scenes can distract from the fact that Cruz has finally cracked the English-language barrier.
If I recommend Elegy to my readers, it is not as a licentiously escapist entertainment, but, rather, as a soberingly eloquent expression of what our lives are all about, whether we want to think about them or not.
A flat, joyless affair.
A well-acted screen adaptation of a short Philip Roth novel about the multiple splendors of beauty in a chilly world of intellect, sex, and selfishness.
Elegy sneaks up on you anyway -- even overacted, Roth's intelligence shines through.
...a haunting testament to the sentiment that we should take love wherever we find it.
Kingsley and Cruz both turn in grand-slam performances, especially Cruz with her ability to appear as if she's actually thinking and responding organically to each situation.
A gorgeous looking film with a wry and clever script and a talented cast giving stellar performances, but one that suffers greatly from the painstakingly slow pace.
There is much tragedy and truth in what the makers of this movie have brought to the screen.
It's an often-wrenching film, but it's one that thoughtful filmgoers can't afford to miss.
Of all the good actors who have adorned the middle-aged-professor films, Ben Kingsley, in Elegy, is the most formidable and convincing.
Elegy is a spare, melancholy film that is so far in spirit from its source, Philip Roth's The Dying Animal, that I'm tempted to say we should abandon altogether the idea of adapting Roth.
The Spanish director gives an almost Wongian expression to the way people seduce one another.
A mature, small-scaled drama that's both insightful and affecting.
A depressing but well-made adaptation of a Philip Roth novella by Spanish director Isabel Coixet.
Ultimately holds together as a smart meditation on mortality and love that uses its literary genesis as more of a boost than limitation.
Philip Roth should be overjoyed at this adaptation of his novella 'The Dying Animal' about a professor obsessed about old age and mortality.
Based on Philip Roth's novella "The Dying Animal," "Elegy" an impassioned cinematic adaptation from director Isabel Coixet ("The Secret Life of Worlds")...




@highlight

An intelligent, adult, and provocative Philip Roth adaptation that features classy performances, Elegy is never quite the sum of its parts.