Unoriginal, unfunny slapstick holiday fare.
Christmas With The Kranks is the sort of film that leaves you thinking Ebenezer Scrooge might have had the right idea about the festive season.
A grueling experience.
The notion of bullying people into succumbing into the trappings of Christmas does not necessarily represent goodwill to all, and while the situations present good comic opportunities, the film ends up feeling rather manipulative and sugary.
Some pathetically predictable plot twists and syrupy sentimentality, which could only amuse a five year-old, lead the Kranks back to their materialistic senses in time for a Kodak moment which shouts a rather shallow Merry Capitalism to all!
A more sweet than sour satire that sets its sight on nasty but lavishly honey coated underpinnings of the holiday season.
In any normal year this dire comedy would be the undisputed lump of coal in our psychic stocking, but coming on the heels of Surviving Christmas, it's a close second.
There is not a single lifelike character in the entire picture.
[A] comedy so broad it barely dents its targets and a patronising moral conclusion that goes against everything its protagonists originally stood for.
This isn't a wonderful life: It looks pretty hellish.
It is a perfectly fine, inoffensive family comedy.
What better way is there to get into a festive spirit than having it crammed down your throat?
...almost had me convinced to convert to Judaism to avoid having to go through anything ever again that even remotely resembles this movie.
Curtis is easily the most talented actress of her generation to never garner an Oscar nomination. Unfortunately, if all she keeps doing is gifting trash like this with her presence then that's the way it will always be.
Rotten Eggnog
Humbug. American families deserve a better effort than this.
Oh boy. This was a painful experience. Very painful.
This holiday comedy depicts suburbia as a place where all true individualists are treated with a nastiness not in tune with the Christmas spirit.
Makes the colossal mistake of making Luther's obsession seem almost a valid protest against conformity -- then lets the neighbors not only win but claim the moral high ground.
See Joe Roth's movie and you'll understand the true demeaning of Christmas.
Contains momentum-halting continuity errors and clownish antics from hammy performers that will have Santa scribbling furiously on next year's "Naughty" list.
Below average comedy that remains watchable thanks to a likeable cast but is very low on laughs.
Imagine someone telling you the joke about the chicken crossing the road repeatedly for 98 minutes. You have now imagined this film.
Christmas with the Kranks is a lackluster holiday comedy that can't shake the ghosts of past Christmas films.
No mínimo, uns 30 minutos poderiam ter ficado no chão da sala de edição. Ou uns 60. Aliás, para ser mais exato, 98 minutos. Esta seria a única forma de salvar este projeto.
An abysmal failure, and I am a worse person for having seen it.
The type of grim holiday movie that reminds you of all that is noxious and insincere about the Christmas season and then chases it down with a sickly-sweet reversal.
I'm making my list of the worst movies of the year and I'm checking it twice, and I hope to find room for this frantically unfunny disaster.
You'd have to be a Scrooge not to crack a smile during this feature.
A nightmare vision of a theist, conformist America... It's like 'Invasion of the Body Snatchers,' except we're expected to root for the pod people.
There's a line separating holiday spirit from fascist intolerance that Christmas With the Kranks races across in its opening minutes.
There's no doubt that the Yuletide has been overcommercialized but that's still no excuse for this miserable, lamebrained exercise in sloppy slapstick and silly stupidity.
A dreadful movie, and if you've seen the advertisements you've already seen the laughs -- all three of them -- it has to offer.
Christmas With the Kranks leaves you with the notion that if you're not out there spending, you're just not doing your part.
There's one good gag involving the application of some Botox to Allen's face, but overall the jokes are kind of disturbing.
Egregiously mediocre and flagrantly ill-conceived in every department, this is, truly, the cinematic equivalent of finding a single solitary Saltine in your stocking and a pair of old tube socks beneath the tree.
Christmas with the Kranks celebrates the fascism of American Conservatism.
Purports to kindle the warm glow of love for humankind in our hearts but actually reaffirms that the trappings of the holiday season are all that really matter.
Luther says it late in the film: 'Why am I not laughing?'
Hollywood's version of the annual Hallmark Ho-ho-ho card. It's made to order: just slot in the perennial Mr. Santa Claus himself, Tim Allen, and stir.
Let's be blunt. This is an evil film. It defames Christianity, it's fascist, and while a number of the jokes work, it made me want to puke near the end.
Movies like this make me want to skip everything, including the remainder of my natural life.
It's monumentally awful.
Not exactly a turkey, but it's no golden goose.
It probably will not be your favorite Christmas movie of all times, but it is a good family outing.
It's a paragon of irony. A film based on a novel by courtroom aficionado John Grisham could use nothing more than the cold judiciousness of an egotistical trial lawyer.
That Santa Clause guy, Tim Allen, dashes through the winter sludge of another Christmas Carol knockoff.
Christmas with the Kranks finds a comfortable balance between hilarious and heartwarming. It's the best of both worlds and a pleasant surprise to find under the cineplex tree.
it's mean-spirited and ugly-hearted. Everyone who celebrates Christmas is portrayed as a vicious monster, a shallow hypocrite -- if not an outright bigot.
...one of the most woefully irritating and uneventful so-called comedic Yuletide yawners...a seedless slapstick romp that has all the bounce of a defective pogo stick
Skipping Christmas will earn you a reputation as a modern-day Scrooge. Passing on Christmas With the Kranks ... makes you a wise holiday-movie consumer.
It often seems like a lost episode of Home Improvement minus Allen's usual TV wife.
It's a celebration of conformity, a film that begs for laughs by mocking and ridiculing anyone who harbors an original thought or action.
The film becomes incredibly sentimental towards the end -- despite the fact that it absolutely hasn't earned the right to do so.
Stinks like the unrefrigerated ham its studio sent me as a promotion several months ago.
A leaden whimsy so heavy it threatens to crash through the multiplex floor.
One of the worst Christmas movies in years.
Director Joe Roth misses an opportunity for true satire by making the neighbors such insanely over-the-top caricatures that the Kranks seem paragons of normality and perspective.
Should you spend Christmas With the Kranks? Well, perhaps if you're an adolescent boy, or you have nothing better to do, then go for it. Otherwise, make other holiday plans.
This grim holiday-themed comedy is the movie equivalent of getting socks and underwear for Christmas.
Filled with overly processed situations it tries to sell with manic energy, Kranks is canned, hammy and rolling as fast as it can.
Christmas With the Kranks has the special blend of dumb ideas and vulgar sentimentality that Hollywood likes to dispense at this time of year.
This one is a veritable celebration of intolerance, disguised as a joyous holiday film.
The modest, whimsical humor on the pages of Grisham's book translates as hyped-up silliness on the screen.
Avoid this lump o' coal.
When it comes to bad movies, turkey jokes are low-hanging fruit. But if it gobbles like a turkey, it's a turkey, and brother does this one gobble.
Flat-footed holiday comedy.
It's not just that the story is predictable. The very camera angles are predictable.
Tim Allen needs to stop making Christmas movies.
A loud, coarse and witless family comedy.
This movie reeks.
Even if you believe in Santa, you'll never believe that this is any sort of holiday classic.
There are some funny moments... But they are too few.
It's possible the comedy contains some secret allegory about the Protestant Reformation but its main message is that everyone should believe and behave in exactly the same way. Groupthink wins again!
A band of drunken elves working with leftovers from the Island of Misfit Toys could have pieced together a better holiday film than Christmas with the Kranks.
It's painful, not to mention flat-out witless, to see two actors this genial play fuddy-duddies who learn that Christmas is coming to their living room... or else.
Avoiding the Kranks can be your gift to the whole family.
The script here is barely passable and the direction is downright awful, completely lacking in any sense of comic timing, visual grace or character development.
Instead of a funny and relevant little bromide about capitalism, conformity and forced holiday cheer, the movie is about as fresh as a week-old mug of egg nog.
It's hard to say which is worse in Christmas With the Kranks -- the lame attempts at humor or the even more lame attempts at sentimentality.
Here's a film that says Christmas is a sellout, that your neighbors are morons, and that suburbia is a playground of fascist conformity, and then it concludes that anyone who actually believes that is a heartless Scrooge.
Grisham usually writes legal thrillers, but the only suspense to be found here consists of wondering whether any laughs will arrive. I'm still waiting.
In the end -- the beginning and the middle, too -- the spirit of Christmas With the Kranks rings as false as the bell of a shopping-mall Santa.
False, littered with lame slapstick, and leaving the impression that director Joe Roth ... threw it together in about two weeks.
It's a colossal miscalculation.
Roth and Columbus serve up strained slapstick routines, a slew of uninvolving characters and tritely manipulative subplots.
If Christmas means spending it with the irascible, over-the-top Kranks, then taking a Caribbean cruise really does sound like a much better deal.
Not since Arnold Schwarzenegger's Jingle All the Way has there been a Yuletide film as fascistic -- or as odious -- as Christmas With the Kranks.
[R]eally rather chilling, an unintentional Orwellian object lesson in what happens when you deviate from the groupthink....
Forget the Kranks going on vacation; take your disbelief and send it on a cruise.
Shockingly aloof, and often dispassionately alienating.
You have a standing invitation to the Krank's for Christmas. My advice... Decline.
Agonizingly cruel to its audience and actors alike, and laden with jokes that have been done many times before, and the original gags have never been done for good reason.
Kranks lacks that basic kernel of credibility that even a goofy farce needs to work.
Unless audiences think Curtis scampering after a runaway ham is funny, they'll want to skip this Christmas movie instead.
A flat parable.
Joyless and forced.
I feel more like the Grinch with each passing holiday film...
Phony, disingenuous family entertainment, suffocated by its green bean casserole approach to Middle America, spineless cardboard characters and paper-thin plot 'twists.'
...the perfect way to usher in the Fourth Reich...The film's one great saving grace is its almost utter lack of humor, which blunts its potential to propagandize effectively
Not since the day I read Mein Kampf and rented Shoah have I had an experience so joyless and laugh-free
Does an outrageous about-face, neatly dismantling anything of potential worth and coming out with a monumentally phony Christmas moral.
Chris Columbus got the bizarre idea that a Grisham book, even a slight one, should be turned into a Home Alone for grown-ups.
like spending your holiday with relatives from hell
An agreeable, if snowflake-thin stocking stuffer faithfully adapted from John Grisham's 2001 bestseller Skipping Christmas.
A USA network-quality script, cobbled together from parts of Home Alone, The Grinch and National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.
A deadpan little satire by John Grisham has been reinterpreted as a shrill and mean-spirited orgy of banana-peel pranks.
Lockstep suburban conformism enforced with fascist severity is the ugly (but admittedly sometimes funny) joke driving Joe Roth's family comedy.
If you haven't seen enough films featuring shoppers sprinting to snatch the last ham at the grocery store, electric shocks from Christmas lights, and home decorators toppling off the roof, this is the movie for you.
A peculiar and at times even sour tale about the tyranny of Christmas.
A largely mirthless comedy.
Given the tinsel-thin storyline, the typical seasonal gags only elicit perfunctory laughter.
As tasteless and stale as last year's cheese log.
[Christmas with the Kranks] just made me cranky
Christmas with the Kranks takes the icy throne as the king of all bad holidays movies...except Jingle all the Way.
Okay. It's official now. I hate Christmas.
Hate Christmas and laughing? This is the film for you.
There hasn't been a more depressing holiday movie since 'Mixed Nuts.'
Spending 'Christmas with the Kranks' is enough to turn the most cheerful Tiny Tim into a grumpy Scrooge.
As I write this...I have just walked out on Christmas With the Kranks after roughly 45 minutes of mind-numbingly humorless, sitcom barrel-bottom idiocy.
Christmas with the Kranks wants to toss out the holiday fruitcake but eat it, too.
It's silly and cute, consistently hitting just the right comedic note.
As with average TV fare, moments of genuine humor are rare, and character development can best be described as perfunctory.
You will laugh at much of this, but it's not a hearty, fulfilling guffaw. It's more like a Christmas snack that leaves you wanting more until dinnertime.
A mildly abrasive satire of America's holiday lockstepping [which backpedals] desperately into toothless humanism.
A vile, morally repugnant lump of coal. One of the worst, most disingenuous Christmas movies in memory.
a singularly mirthless experience that could easily drain the last drop of holiday cheer from old St. Nick himself
One of the worst Christmas movies ever made.
A Home Improvement holiday special spread out to an impossibly long 90 minutes.
It's a medieval endurance ritual, an act of self-flagellation like wearing a hair shirt, say, or whipping oneself with a cat-o-nine tails whilst chanting the liturgy.
The movie waffles between competing ideologies while struggling to find humor in characters who overreact to minutia.

@highlight

A mirthless movie as fresh as last year's fruit cake, Christmas with the Kranks is a coarse, garish comedy that promotes conformity.