Riveting entertainment, Dinosaur 13 is one of those happy accidents of documentary filmmaking.
This labor-of-love portrait of those who labor in the dirt for love of dinosaurs is also a chronicle of the ways in which the modern legal system can threaten the preservation of even prehistory.
Any documentary can be slanted to a particular point of view, but most filmmakers try to be a bit more subtle. Cry me a river, "Dinosaur 13."
Even if the filmmaking is one-sided, the story is more compelling than it sounds.
We see much of both sides in Dinosaur 13.
After a promising half-hour or so, "Dinosaur 13" becomes less convincing and less involving, particularly as the real-life narrative peaks halfway through.
Yet another fine documentary outing for 2014.
Dinosaur 13 is a David and Goliath tale of a small group of scientists thrust into the center of a national debate over proprietorship, as well as right versus wrong.
Cleverly assembled to tell a complex true story from a hugely engaging perspective, this documentary can't help but spark a sense of righteous rage in the audience.
The storytelling raises more logistical and legal questions than it's equipped to answer. But what Miller does have, for anyone unfamiliar with Sue's fate, is a story with a suspenseful climax.
In his eagerness to create a David-and-Goliath story, and with his distractingly pro-BHI bias, Mr. Miller fails to ask a lot of questions.
What starts out as a really riveting story of passionate scientists and the find of a lifetime becomes an unfocused dig at the federal government.
This is a bare-bones documentary, lacking in roar.
The bittersweet end does genuinely unfair things to the heart strings. Do not miss.
The actions of both these vilified parties are so seemingly irrational that you're left feeling there must be some explanation, one that director Todd Douglas Miller either couldn't or wouldn't ferret out.
Finding and Losing the World's Most Complete T-Rex
...no treat for kids enthralled by dinosaurs or Jurassic Park adventures, but another wake-up call about injustices that slip through a porous legal system and sock the powerless.
The fate of some very old bones may not sound like compelling cinema, but when they compose the 65-million-year-old skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus rex that was 41 feet long and 18 feet high back in the day, all bets are off.
"Dinosaur 13" is "Kramer vs. Kramer" for paleontologists ...
As a David and Goliath tale of the picked-on little guy battling big government, it resonates powerfully.
These events would have been better handled in a single installment of Dateline.
"Dinosaur 13" may not be the best documentary, but as a scientific soap opera, it's a doozy.
The lawsuit and trial at the center of the story - the largest criminal case ever tried in South Dakota, we're told - take up much of the running time, and never grow dull.
If it all feels too anomalous to seal its case against today's big legal and corporate predators, it never lacks for diverting turns and quirks.
If Miller goes for the emotional jugular a little too obviously ... the gambit is largely justified by a story that, although it was covered in the national media at the time, still seems infuriatingly unresolved and fundamentally unjust.
Private excavation and sale of fossils is a more complicated issue than this heavily slanted account would have you believe.
Miller introduces a number of fascinating characters, but the film refuses to dig any deeper than it has to, streamlining this demonstrably far-reaching drama into a banal legal thriller.
This easily could have been one of the best documentaries of the year, but instead, it settles in the middle of the pack. It's the latest example of how we need to be asking more of our docs.
A documentary about the place where science meets the profit motive and the US legal system is at its most palpably crackers.
Has elements of legal thriller, political drama, academic throwdown and scientific geek-out.
Miller brings in syrupy indignation to fuel Dinosaur 13, diluting the picture's power as a chilling reminder of powermad government types and the persistent corruption that infests the U.S. legal system.
The movie would rather play a tiny violin for its subjects-perhaps literally, given the gratingly manipulative score-than objectively untangle the legality of what one talking head dubiously describes as its "brilliant story."
A glacially paced film about an intriguing event, with talking-head interviews that are, well, fossilizing.
The kind of movie you watch for five minutes at a museum and walk away. Ross Geller would love it.
...director Todd Douglas Miller offers a clear, though not exactly objective, look both at what made Sue such an important discovery and at the legal quagmire that followed.
A bittersweet reminder that while the scientific method may be coolly rational, the people who do science are deeply emotionally caught up in their work.
Using home-video footage and talking-head interviews, Dinosaur 13 dramatically depicts the thrill of archaeological discovery.
Unfortunately, Dinosaur 13 never manages to display the story's many complex parts in a way that enables viewers to grasp the whole beast ...
In its early scenes, Dinosaur 13 works nearly as well as a certain Steven Spielberg thriller, creating the giddy, ominous mood of past and present colliding in excitement.
To some extent, the use of a wide aspect ratio and the doc's emphatic score takes its cues from paleontologist Pete Larson's passion.
Todd Douglas Miller's riveting documentary tells the true story of the legal battle surrounding 'Sue', the world's largest, most complete T-Rex skeleton and the thirteenth ever discovered.
Like The Cover and Man On Wire, this doc comes clad in the garb of a thriller. And a heck of a good one at that.
Mixing candid talking heads with scarcely believable video footage, Miller's taut narrative shifts gears (black comedy, thriller, even a love story), but is mostly driven by outrage at the powers that be.
Fascinating story of the discovery of some T-Rex bones, sale of those bones and the battle over who owns them
Involving story of scientific discovery and petty politics.
Todd Douglas Miller's engrossing documentary covers the triumphant discovery - and government seizure - of the world's largest, most complete T-Rex skeleton.

@highlight

It's undeniably slanted and doesn't cover as much of the story as it should, but Dinosaur 13 makes for gripping documentary viewing, flaws and all.