What's interesting is how Eastwood breaks with genre conventions and reinvents the musical as a character study, placing the emotional drama at the forefront, with the songs almost coming as a by-product.
The most likeable element in the film is not the people but the earworm-quality songs which, even after all this time, sound fresh and irresistibly catchy. You will hum Sherry for hours after the credits roll.
Large sections of the storytelling feel inert, and some key moments get short shrift.
[Eastwood] displays his strong suits: music, drama and evocative cinematography.
Like 'Saturday Night Fever,' 'Jersey Boys' is also about four Italian-American youths from the outer boroughs. Both films have hits that are still in America's jukeboxes.
For a movie about the Four Seasons, this sure lacks spring.
If you're a die-hard Four Seasons fan, your only complaint about Jersey Boys will be that Clint Eastwood couldn't stuff every last hit song in. But it wasn't for lack of trying - and face it, you've still got those old records at home anyway.
Whether or not viewers respond to Eastwood's vision, that it's so clearly his is a victory in itself.
A scattered, haphazard, thoroughly confused film that can't figure out if it's meant to be a winningly cutesy musical or a gritty narrative about life in crime-ridden 1950s New Jersey.
Given Mr. Eastwood's well-established musicality, though, it's not at all surprising that it's during the musical numbers the film truly comes alive.
Just about every directorial choice here is so clankingly at odds with the material that, as the song goes, I couldn't take my eyes off of it. It's like watching Ingmar Bergman's Grease.
With Jersey Boys, a spectacular musical gets a slight big-screen treatment that dilutes the show's dynamic musical sequences and compelling character arcs.
It's an idea that should have worked marvelously for the screen, but without the same energy from the music being put into the narrative, it's not surprising at all that it would hit a flat note early on and never be able to recover.
I just found myself enjoying the music more than the events taking place on-screen.
Jersey Boys features brilliant art direction but frustrates in equal measure by straddling too many decades, with the scant emotions of an off-set death clearly defining the problem.
Eastwood has wisely kept the basic premise of the stage show, allowing each member of the group to act as their own "Greek chorus," breaking the fourth wall and narrating the story as it progresses.
Eastwood jettisons the 'jukebox musical' approach of his source material to transform the story of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons into another of his inquisitions into the hopeful myths and dark realities of American history and celebrity.
"Jersey Boys" is wall-to-wall fantasyland showbiz, expertly shot and boasting fine performances, but it is in the spirit world between stage and screen where it loses its footing.
At first, it looks so smart that it's easy to miss the emptiness behind the sharp design and snappy patter. In the end, it's a collection of scenes sticking to a simplistic adage: 'You can take the boys out of Jersey but not Jersey out of the boys.'
It's not a totally bad film, it just makes a lot of bad choices and ends up dragging when it should be engaging, and it frustrates more often than it entertains.
A cavalcade of great songs keeps this otherwise lacklustre adaptation from floundering.
As a vehicle for characters, Jersey Boys is remarkably observant.
The movie is a rollercoaster ride that soars on the wings of the incredible music and then crashes into the mob element.
I'd always take the live stage show if given a choice but if you're a fan of The Four Seasons, there's probably nothing I can say that'll stop you from seeing this.
Jersey Boys is a solid watch that seeks to deepen the emotion of the jukebox musical.
The combination of... [Woody Allen & Clint Eastwood] has resulted in a Broadway adaptation that hums with vigour, sings with the capricious unpredictability of fate and fame, and does firm and lasting justice to the legacy of that vintage studio logo.
Some of [characters'] recklessness is so reminiscent of imbecilic television personalities that, by the end of the film's 2 hour 15 minute runtime, they can get a bit grating, which is enhanced by a story that gets progressively heavy-handed as it goes on
It may not have razzle dazzle, but when Jersey Boys hits its stride it reveals a lightness of touch uncharacteristic of Eastwood's oeuvre.
Ultimately this is a two-star movie that gets an extra star for its excellent songs
...the movie actually drags a bit in between songs. Lacking is the dramatic staging and lighting of the musical.
The film doesn't work as a drama, it doesn't work as a comedy and it sure as heck doesn't work as a musical...In all, Jersey Boys delivers the one thing we never expect to see from the latter-day Clint Eastwood: mediocrity.
...the movie actually drags a bit in between songs. Lacking is the dramatic staging and lighting of the musical.
If it weren't for the musical performances, this would not be much of a movie. Fortunately, the music is very good and John Lloyd Young is a fine singer. This languid film does display energy during the musical performances.
Eastwood is keen to examine the disconnect between the group's private lives and their public undertakings, as well as the way that history is elevated to myth.
Jersey Boys contains enough pleasant ingredients to warrant a mild recommendation, but it's clearly at its best when Clint curtails the characters' kvetching and simply lets the music play.
At best, it's a watchable mess (right down to its prestige-picture muted color and Eastwood's trademark bad old-age make-up), but it is a mess.
Beyond the toe-tapping songs, it's the drama that brings the grit to Clint Eastwood's Jersey Boys
There might not be a sadder image in 2014 than the cast of Jersey Boys awaiting their ovation as a half-empty matinee clears out, sporadically-clapping, maybe, out of obligation.
It's a fun experience that doesn't aspire to be much more, sort of like the songs themselves.
Christopher Walken plays a gangster who can fix anything; maybe he should have taken charge of the film.
Eastwood has managed to make the 1950s and 1960s dull and hazy.
Ironically, as the credits are rolling, Eastwood finally deigns to elevate the music and the energy to a level that the preceding 132 minutes could have desperately used.
Eastwood's Jersey Boys falls closer to traditional music industry bio-pics like Ray and Walk the Line, and that's not necessarily a bad thing.
It's just that there's a particular combination of looseness, swagger, camaraderie, melancholy and melody in the last sequence; the film itself is solid and entertaining, but right at the end it all comes together in a moment of imaginative flight.
"Mamma mia! That's a spicy mélange of Italian stereotypes!"
The small strokes of dialogue and rhyming bits of business are smothered by deadly pacing, among other things, including the whisper of "Goodfellas" at its back.
'Jersey Boys,' a rags-to-riches tale with glimpses behind the scenes of the music business, is pretty well irresistible.
Beyond the Jersey metaphysics, there's something deep and tangy and downbeat here, countering the hysterical ebullience of the tunes. At heart, it's a musical about overwork and debt.
Perhaps the reason Valli's domestic strife is sketched so lightly is that the man himself is one of Jersey Boys' producers, which is a bit like a space shuttle engineer vouchsafing their own safety checks.
A story about pop that doesn't boast any of its own.
The second half of the film feels tacked on from a different project. It's a cautionary tale. Not about drugs or hubris but about poor bookkeeping.
Eastwood has created a film that is more a celebration of the music and its impact, rather than an in-depth look at the performers, so the songs take center stage, which is the way it should be.
Music-lover Clint Eastwood adapts the long-running stage musical for the big screen with mixed results: it recounts a terrific true story but has an uneven pace.
A sepulchral adaptation of the 2005 jukebox musical based on the songs of the Four Seasons that has been stripped bare of any life or energy.
Jersey Boys comes to life only toward the end.
A somewhat plodding but still sporadically entertaining affair ...
Jersey Boys should stand the greater test of time and become a standard musical-story.
Ultimately, this is a movie that rests on the strength of the music and the screenplay, and both are impressive enough to paper over any other shortcomings.
It could be called Paint Your Jersey Boys.
The spark that would set the film on fire is missing.
"WB took the safe road, came in on time and budget (presumably, as Eastwood always does), and made a golem."
Just so suddenly, what has been a so-so opening turns into a solid attraction.
Clint Eastwood's Jersey Boys is based on the hit Broadway musical and is a crushing bore. But the music and the performances of the music, are great.
As Frankie Valli, John Lloyd Young doesn't hit all the dramatic notes, but, boy, can he sing. And when he does sing, the movie sings right along with him.
It's glossy and entertaining but also safe and conventional. If my father had lived to age 72, he would have loved this movie. This is your target audience.
The jukebox music is the thing here.
A movie musical with mediocre musical moments and meandering melodrama. It's not headed for No. 1 with a bullet.
Jersey Boys is an enjoyable but ultimately straightforward stage-to-screen transfer - over-polished and lacking in the raw energy that made its source material so enchanting.
Eastwood, a musician, pays the deference to the music it is due showing each song from beginning to end, and the result is a good story wrapped around a terrific concert.
Jersey Boys comes to life during the songs... but it's definitely one of [Eastwood's] lesser movies.
At times the movie version of "Jersey Boys" captures the electric excitement of the musical, but for every soaring moment, there are 10 minutes of bickering or brooding.
Jersey Boys brushes off the glitter of the typical musical and gives us a calming and languid experience that never soars, but gently entertains nonetheless.
Jersey Boys looks and feels like a Scorsese movie with a particularly brutal cold -- stuffed-up, slow, tired, muddy-looking, like it was shot through a new Instragram filter called "Diabetic Sunset."
The Four Seasons may have wooed listeners with their love songs, but the movie about them doesn't have a lot of soul.
Curiously moribund ...
Faggedaboutit, just throw on some of Four Seasons' many songs (including several excellent numbers that couldn't be pigeonholed awkwardly into this narrative) as a far better way of getting to what made these guys so memorable in the first place.
It's like a stroll through the park with your aging uncle as he recalls the good old days. I found myself antsy and wanting to move on almost as soon as the movie starts.
The wisdom of Clint Eastwood doing the film version of a Broadway musical seems questionable at best, but it works because, when it comes right down to it, he's a skilled storyteller and Jersey Boys has one heck of a good story to tell.
If you'd like to see a film version of the stage production of 'Jersey Boys,' then you won't be disappointed with director Clint Eastwood's movie.
[The movie] hauls out just about every showbiz cliché in the catalog.
Clint Eastwood suffocates the popular Broadway jukebox musical in this stiff, lifeless adaptation.
The actors, most of whom have appeared in the stage versions, are superb: GOODFELLAS meets DREAMGIRLS.
"Eastwood's got a feel for music (he composed the scores for most of his recent films). But he doesn't have a particular flair for musical staging."
The Eastwood approach works for Mystic River, but it seems a bit weird for a movie in which an emotional high point is a rendition of 'Can't Take My Eyes Off You.'
The film is a funny mix of formulaic and fresh. The numbers are too polished - there's no sense of discovery. But the songs and their harmonies are evergreen.
A sloppy, lazy, energy-free back lot production. Everything is wrong except the music. The dreadful "dee's," "dem's" and "does" are as shameful as the clumsy acting. Eastwood proves he has limitations.
Aptly if somewhat awkwardly, Jersey Boys finds its most soulful moment in a movie version of a curtain call. Only it's pretty complicated when a movie's most rousing moment comes as the closing credits roll.
Eastwood's film version is a classy affair that goes beyond schmaltz and nostalgia (although it has its fair share of both of these.) One of its pleasures is its recreation of post-war America.
The Four Seasons' tunes, many of them bubblegummy, up-tempo, and carefree, are at odds with the pseudo-Cassavetes emotional brutality of the characters' interactions.
[Jersey Boys] has two things going for it that no other musical has before: the words Clint and Eastwood.
The cast is convincing onstage and off... But there'‍s only so much they can do in a film that doesn'‍t give them much to work with.
Valli and the Four Seasons' story might well have been true, but as drama, it's thin and occasionally dull.
Clint Eastwood gets a movie version of a gold record for this terrific retelling of the Broadway play of the story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.
Old Man (Clint Eastwood, 84) makes movie about old musical group and manages to keep the whole enterprise from getting either stiff in the joints or whiffy with nostalgia
It's possible that no movie about music has ever treated its songs with more indifference than Clint Eastwood's Jersey Boys.
Those of you who have despaired of finding any major studio release amidst the flood of monster, superhero, fairy tale, and goofy comedy movies now have something to go see.
What makes Jersey Boys work is its Rashomon device of letting each member of the group tell part of the story from his point of view. And it's all woven together by those familiar, catchy songs.
... Only truly comes alive when it remembers it's a musical, yet even then it seldom gives us the performance of a song from beginning to end.
"Jersey Boys", the movie, is a real crowd pleaser, and if you don't experience some goose bumps along the way, you're probably too young to remember the songs.
The delirious New York music biz of the time, and all the other great music being made -- Eastwood captures none of that.
It's another example of how the finger snappin' urgency of live theater loses something when swallowed up by the bottled artifice of the movie screen.
Clint Eastwood's bland band biopic approach drains the energy from the stage version of this blockbuster razzmatazz jukebox musical.
The rise is enjoyable, but the predictable hurdles that come with fame and fortune drag down an overlong second half.
One of Eastwood's sloppier efforts.
Not just from a narrative sense as we're losing the antagonist of the piece, but the entire spirit and tone changes, making for a hugely tedious final act.
There's a lack of pizazz that only emerges in the film's dazzling final performance, and one can't help but wish Eastwood had gone for spectacle rather than his usual workmanlike direction.
The plot and execution of Jersey Boys demands a certain amount of momentum and zeal that Eastwood's restrained approach never quite captures.
Excellent performances by all four of the Jersey Boys, but uneven, with too much about the relationships and not enough music.
The film works for the most part, though that's certainly far truer for the first half than in the second when the pic starts to lose its way and momentum wanes in favor of greater dramatic conflict. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Eastwood's rough-and-ready style aptly reflects his young subjects, who are brimming with roguish charm.
Clint can do no wrong for some of us. As we worship, so we believe. Jersey Boys, however, strains our faith.
As deliberately, consciously old-fashioned as it sometimes is, Clint Eastwood's "Jersey Boys" is also often fresh, with a self-aware sense of fun ...
Trust me, you've watched condominium lobby channels that are more exciting than this.
The elephant in the room is Eastwood himself. He is the wrong director for this material, and this opinion comes from someone who loved "Million Dollar Baby," "Space Cowboys" and even those orangutan movies.
An emotionally numb movie.
"Jersey Boys" hits the high notes with ease, and offers the low ones for contemplation.
Eastwood, directing his 33d film, adds some keen-eyed realism to the showbiz schmaltz.
Neither theatrical fish nor cinematic foul...literalized on film, the theatrical reduction of the [Four Seasons]'s story has an anemic complexion.
It's an oddly factless piece of historical reenactment, and feels a bit mushy and insubstantial because of it.
It delivers a compulsive story, great performances and irresistible songs.
A solid, entertaining tale of how a musical paradise was gained and lost.
When it's not too busy talking, Jersey Boys sings.
Clint Eastwood found a way to make a musical for people who don't necessarily like musicals.
The film's wooziness wouldn't be disastrous if it swept audiences up in the zest of pop creation.
Chasing the Music - Jersey Boys a Triumphant Hit
One gets the sense that the movie ... likes the music of the Four Seasons but doesn't entirely respect it.
Here's a jukebox with no records in it.
It should be a match made in heaven, but sadly, the film adaptation of "Jersey Boys" doesn't live up to the success that the property previously enjoyed.
Can simultaneously be enjoyed as a fun summer musical set in a bygone era and a Gatsby-style American tragedy about the impossibility of escaping the past.
What saves it are those nostalgic, soaring doo-wop numbers ... and Eastwood's measured doses of directorial playfulness, such as when the actors cheekily break the fourth wall and talk directly to the audience, as they did on Broadway.
Moving, teen-friendly musical has magic and great music.
Engagingly lively, if not always graceful, and often surprisingly comic.
Eastwood, as always, has simply done things his own way, and the result is a leisurely old-school entertainment with a bit more edge than you may be expecting.
You can almost smell the meatballs Frankie's mother cooks for dinner.
A biopicture about the pop music group worth seeing for the playful and melodic songs.
Seeing as the musical was as ill-suited for film as Eastwood was for adapting it, it's no surprise that Jersey Boys settles for being a glorified nostalgia trip.
A dull film, and that betrays the doo-wop energies and disgruntled behind-the-scenes dramas that helped make Jersey Boys such a beloved story for countless theater audiences.
For all its faults, I found it relaxingly enjoyable and heartfelt.
the same old showbiz story we've heard time and time again, told in a tired, uninspired manner
Everybody loves a rags-to-riches story. The joyous new musical "Jersey Boys" doubles down on that favorite theme.
Why so cheerless, bordering on grim? Was Mr. Eastwood, a lover of music and a champion of musicians, so seduced by the bleaker aspects of the back story that he neglected the production's grace notes?
Eastwood animates the clichés by playing them for real, but he's still steering the movie to a foregone conclusion.
Clint Eastwood's stilted Broadway adaptation reeks of anti-art appreciation.
In adapting the Broadway musical to film director Clint Eastwood uses the old neighborhood brotherhood as his base note, layering in the conflicts among the original four members with the play's pass-the-baton, Rashomon-like, direct address device.
A flat-footed Italian-American theme park ride that's as far from rock 'n' roll as Newark is from Times Square.
Download the music instead.
Even the mightiest auteurist would flail about trying to find a reason [Clint Eastwood] accepted the job in the first place.
Despite all that crummy doo-wop, it's a universal, American "anyone can make it" success story that has uplifting appeal onstage, and in Mr. Eastwood's capable hands, the joy spreads like apple butter.
Clint Eastwood's version of the buoyant Broadway musical doesn't hit the same high notes, but it's a must-see for fans of Valli and the early pop era.
The catchy hits by The Four Seasons are indelible, but Jersey Boys, the drab movie based on the Broadway musical about those tunes, is sadly forgettable.
There are times during the film Jersey Boys when you want to say to the screen: "Just shut up and sing."
Loved it while I was watching it; it largely fell apart once I thought about. And why doesn't Christopher Walken get to sing?
Why is the Jersey Boys film a turgid botch?
Don't let the bizarre choice of Clint Eastwood as director sway you from seeing it. Let the fact that it is awful do that.
The film prevents their story from being obscured by second-rate Baz Luhrmann-isms and lip-synched performances by A-list actors cast to max the odds of a No. 1 opening weekend.
Your eyes may adore this film, but it can't lay a hand on a uniform approach to its pop culture subjects.
This isn't the movie it should have been, but it serves its purpose as a souvenir of the stage show.
Jersey Boys is entertainingly told, yet is a more traditional film than are many Eastwood-directed works.
Clint Eastwood turned a robust Broadway smash into a drab movie. No easy feat.
"Jersey Boys" is a strange movie, and it's a Clint Eastwood enterprise, both reasons to see it.
The film entertainingly recreates an acclaimed stage show that you can now see for the price of a multiplex ticket rather than a Broadway one.
Are there some strong performances and the occasional potent moment? Sure. The problem is that there is no joy or liveliness to what's been put in front of the camera.
While [Eastwood's] minimalist tendencies can be simplistic and reductive, sometimes they and the story they are telling successfully meet in the middle.
The worst thing about this multifaceted failure is the two-time Oscar winner behind the camera. Where there ought to be a director, there's nothing but an empty chair.
Not perfect, but still a fun ride through the Four Seasons' ups and downs. More of a straight biopic than a musical.
Young's bland Valli never really grabs us the way he should. But when Piazza smolders and glowers as Tommy, the group's fiery wild card, we can't take our eyes off of him.
However messy this overextended and oddly compelling work feels from moment to moment, the end result evokes the life of working artists without sentimentality or undue grandeur.
Jersey Bores is more like it.
Neither very entertaining nor especially enlightening...an old-fashioned rags-to-riches-to-rags show-biz melodrama punctuated by a few laughs and some musical interludes.
Moves confidently for 135 minutes, with bright performances (Tony winner John Lloyd Young as Frankie outstanding), catchy numbers, a sparkle-and-sepia period look and one sublime in-joke for moviemanes.
Not only comes with all the post-war style and Noo Joizee-ness you'd expect from the story of an Italian-American boy band striving to make it big in the 50s and 60s, it plays its musical numbers dead straight.
This is one song-and-dance that should have stayed stuck in the jukebox.
For those that love the Four Seasons' music but haven't made it to the play, you can put your fear of missing out to rest. This is a much more affordable way to very nearly re-create the experience.
Full of genial showbiz cliches and mobbed-up sweeties, it's an easy movie to take.
Between the high-gloss, desaturated prestige-picture look of the film and the visibly fakey soundstage sets of the Jersey boys' hometown, Jersey Boys feels plastic and artificial throughout.
Warts and all "Jersey Boys" is a film that's incredibly entertaining,
This is an age-old rise-and-fall story that we've all seen a hundred times before, so maybe embalming it in molasses is not the way to go.
A film so grey and musty, it should probably be inspected on public health grounds for mildew.
Reasonably entertaining; not that fun.
Always likable and often great fun, but it's an uneasy mix of stage and screen. It trips, fairly often, but never falls.
Eastwood's integrity puts the movie in a double bind; he wholly commits to an underdeveloped drama that was designed only to set up extended musical numbers, and, in the process, makes the songs seem intrusive and padded.
Makes an infectious stage musical into just another showbiz biopic.
Eastwood has created a cartoon to preserve the Broadway contact high, missing the vitality of the creative process and the combustible personalities involved with some of the biggest hits in rock and roll history.
We come away with a feeling for pop stardom as seen from the inside, the traveling and performing, the dealing with the same people all day and the worrying about the business end.
Jersey Boys tells a familiar story, yes -- but rarely told this well and with this much heart and soul.
"Jersey Boys" is a good movie, and the performances are first-rate.
Director Clint Eastwood's discomfort with his own material is enormous and obvious. Does he just not get pop music, or is he actively disdainful and suspicious of it?
Sure. We'll stay, just a little bit longer.
Solid adaptation of the Broadway hit shows how The Four Seasons became pop stars.
Defiantly dull
Clint Eastwood's big screen adaptation of the Broadway smash is not without its rewards; getting there, though, requires acceptance and patience.
The winsome cast and often tongue-in-cheek script still make for an entertaining, if overlong, old-fashioned musical.
Competent but unremarkable, an entertainment that evaporates from the mind the minute the credits roll.
Bracing drama with music based on the Broadway Tony-Award winning show.
A tone-deaf corpse.
Eastwood may never show us his boys discovering themselves under that street lamp, but he gives us a clutch of moments worth treasuring - and mostly without overdoing it.
No one could accuse Eastwood of having stars in his eyes, but I'm not sure any rock-era biopic has less vividly conveyed the narcotic rush of celebrity.
Entirely watchable, albeit disappointingly workmanlike at the same time.
Subdued, nostalgic behind-the-music story of this iconic jukebox quartet and Frankie Valli's parade of hits: 'Sherry,''Walk Like a Man,' 'Can't Take My Eyes Off You'...
A dash of showbiz pizzazz has been lost but some welcome emotional depth has been gained in the big-screen version of the still-thriving theatrical smash Jersey Boys.
It's entertaining musical biopic territory but rarely steps out of anything but caricature.
A nostalgic trip down Memory Lane designed with Baby Boomers in mind.
The relative dearth of prominent musical performances turns what could have been a dancing-in-the-aisles romp into a bit of a slog.
It works in the hits, and it casts singers who make those hits sound virtually identical to the originals. What the movie doesn't do is answer the question, "Why did I just spend 134 minutes watching the Frankie Valli episode of 'Behind the Music'?"
Eastwood's subdued period drama is undermined by a painfully familiar rise-then-fall biopic structure, which nullifies the story's potentially more interesting elements.

@highlight

Jersey Boys is neither as inventive nor as energetic as it could be, but there's no denying the powerful pleasures of its musical moments.