Pastiche rides the high frontier in "Sukiyaki Western Django", a film that strips the "Kill Bill" model of genre spoof down just to referents, quotes, and iconography, leaving strewn along its path the wreckage a blunt critic might call "the point."
The gimmicky gore fest quickly fell out of favor with me.
Ultimately not quite as clever as it thinks it is. Even the action sequences are more about Foley than choreography, and so the film largely rests on the oddity of its mix of styles and its parade of genre in-jokes
Molonoti agono thematika, alla kai aisthitika se megalo bathmo, to ekstremistiko kinimatografiko homage toy Takashi Miike, poy ston aksona toy Yojimbo (1961) pantreyei ta spaghetti toy Leone me ta samurai toy Kurosawa, einai ena diabolemena apolaystiko st
Miike's 'wild east' take on the western genre is a colourfully violent stand-off of pastiche, politics and punk.
Sukiyaki Western Django is a singular work of art that both celebrates those disjointed parts and synthesizes them into a strangely cohesive %u2013 and more amazingly, unique whole.
Although something of a confusing and befuddling mess, Miike's foray into the Western genre, Sukiyaki Western Django is another showcase for his playful and often gory style.
...everything that was supposed to enliven the picture perfect images just seemed to drag them down with lame dialogue and clichéd action.
... for all its virtues, Sukiyaki Western Django is a one-gimmick film that eventually wears out its welcome.
Clever costuming and production design set off an intriguingly off-kilter vision of a tiny western town in a "Nevada" out in the Japanese desert.
Miike knows how to film cartoonish violence with style, and the sillier the movie becomes in its mayhem, the harder it is to turn away from.
As much of a hoot as the movie is, it feels like just an exercise well before it ends.
Director Takashi Miike's dish of sukiyaki spaghetti ala Sergio Corbucci is badly seasoned with scraps of reservoir dogs.
Sukiyaki Western Django is Takashi Miike's frantic swirl of a spaghetti western, marrying eastern and western elements in what could be taken as either homage or parody -- or both.
The chaotic elements never really coalesce into a sensible whole beyond the idea that this is what, at that moment, Miike thought would be really cool...the film is cluttered and not very fun.
Japanese spaghetti Western that's both faithful to its Italian antecedents and way out on its own wacky wavelength.
A remarkably inventive yet referential Eastern Western, full of action, cinematic references, pop-cowboy lingo, bloody haute costuming, two warring clans and one carnage-inducing Gatling gun.
Cult director Takashi Miike's English-language Sukiyaki Western Django has style to burn but self-destructs like a wildfire as it attempts to spoof spaghetti westerns -- a passé endeavor -- and Sergio Corbucci's Django in particular.
The flick's a lot of sound and fury and dynamite that signifies nothing while paying tribute to everything
You haven't lived until you've heard a Japanese actor use the phrase 'Whistling Dixie' in a sentence
An homage to the concept of "more is less."
...one of those preening film-geek "tributes" to an old B-movie with which most people are, shall we say, not intimately familiar.
More action, gun fights and swords fail to make this a better film than the spaghetti westerns that came before. Tarantino is great but his small part is too little to lift this Eastern oater much above average.
It's a perfect execution of its genres and offers enough of a gimmick to maintain interest. Unfortunately, Sukiyaki never rises above its roots and, strangely enough, doesn't actually offer up anything new.
The lurid sets and savage and startling action will undoubtedly have cult appeal as the conventions of physics, history and genre are all ignored in this overblown fever dream.
Japanese suspense maestro Takashi Miike pays homage to the spaghetti western genre with a story born of Sergio Leone's "A Fistful of Dollars," which was originally inspired by Akira Kurosawa's "Yojimbo."
Utterly deranged.
It is, of course, a must for Miike's legions of fans, of which I am one. It also should serve as a way for mainstream audiences to become acquainted with Miike.
A lightweight goof that feels a little dashed-off, the latest from cult director Takashi Miike won't earn him any new fans, but might entertain the many he's already got.
Sukiyaki Western Django is comfort food garnished with aural and ocular delights. It's often quite moving, as well; though not the most nutritious repast, few will describe it as forgettable.
A loving and lurid pastiche of the spaghetti westerns that were themselves lurid pastiches of classic Hollywood cowboy pictures.
Sukiyaki Western Django is Sergio Leone on LSD. It's every '60s/'70s revisionist western riff supersaturated in stylized bombast and a purposed perversion of the motion picture mannerism.
Far and away the finest section is the final showdown, smoothly and swiftly shot with excessive violence and gore.
a western/samurai monstrosity consuming itself
[A] superheated stir-fry.
Miike's taste for boldly violent and darkly comic action finds glorious craziness in the splatter of blood and mixture of styles.
Sukiyaki Western Django is a blood-drenched, dynamite, often hilarious and uniquely weird big-screen entertainment.
For all the visual originality, Sukiyaki seems framed by quotes, a long string of self-conscious references to other films, notably the 1966 Italian Western Django.
While the presence of Quentin Tarantino in the cast invokes comparisons to Kill Bill, Miike's movie is far more self-assured.
The widescreen framing and saturated color make this one of Miike's most visually impressive features.
Though Miike is a visually accomplished filmmaker capable of staging simultaneous action on more than one visual plane, his knack for aesthetic inventiveness only surfaces in occasional moments of inspiration.
An all style and little substance post-Samurai, Wild West anger mismanagement outing, with Tarantino as a varmint spouting Japanese while boasting an impressive knack for shooting snakes, and eating their hearts out.
Miike's homage is devoid of pretention and teeming with insanity.
While the film felt rushed (or ignored) in certain areas, Miike excels to the top of his game in others (oh, the awesome eye candy!).... If you're looking for a Takashi Miike film, you've found it.
Yes, it's completely bonkers but that's what makes it so great.
Cult favorite Takashi Miike turns to the spaghetti Western for 'Sukiyaki Western Django,' a seriocomic genre homage-spoof.
Sem exibir qualquer intenção de ser um bom filme, o longa se resume a uma coleção de excentricidades que ora funcionam como mágica e ora caem como verdadeiras bombas sobre a platéia.
...oppressive and tedious and interminable.
Miike surprises for all the wrong reasons.
Basic joke wears off after five minutes, and many bystanders will start to head out of town.




@highlight

Inventive and off-kilter, the newest feast from J-Horror director Takashi Miike is super-sensory, self-referential and somewhat excessive.