A fun romp for girls of all ages.
Was there a point of a sequel to a movie that was just decent after all?
The larger message -- that you should marry for the right reasons only when you're ready -- is one everyone can applaud.
I'd like to, but than that would be lying, and if I've ever learned anything from Disney it is that lying is wrong.
In a typical big, crappy summer movie, you sometimes feel the filmmakers' disinterest in the audience, but in The Princess Diaries 2 the feeling is more like contempt.
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement is unapologetically aimed towards young girls, making this review virtually moot.
[The film] runs an insufferable two hours, leisurely chugging toward an ending most of the audience will have predicted 15 minutes in.
Saddled with the sort of dialogue that would fell a von Trapp.
A chocolate-box sequel whose rose-tinted view of constitutional monarchy will provoke hoots of derision this side of the pond.
Unlikely to appeal to anyone, regardless of their thoughts on the first film.
If you are a prepubescent girl with a five-year old intellect, this is a smash hit. If you're not, bring a good book.
Constantly opts for contrived cheesiness, slathering on the cuteness with a trowel.
This threadbare sequel takes a page from such revisionist fairy tales as Shrek and Ella Enchanted, movies that assume we've grown so weary of the same old Cinderella story that they go out of their way to invert the formula.
Sadly, the film leaves you with the feeling this was done just for the money this sequel would possibly bring.
[A] needless but charming sequel.
Dear Diary: Mia's return engagement is anything but engaging.
Follow the fun in this excellent sequel that I liked better than the original.
Toy tiaras for orphans! (the first one's always free)...Another day, another dollar for Disney's lucrative business of breeding...ever-longing dream princesses.
Simple romantic fluff that at least doesn't shortchange its target audience in the usual condescending manner.
Scenes end abruptly, laughs are as rare as yetis, and the overarching question seems to be: Can we turn this into a franchise?
I admit, I'm more or less hardwired to dislike this movie, but even by Garry Marshall's abysmally low standards, there isn't much to recommend The Princess Diaries 2.
Sure, the characters are very basic, the situation has been seen before and you can practically write the script from frame one. But that doesn't stop it from working.
Even the long-awaited Sound of Music coming from Julie Andrews is uninspiring.
Being neither 12 years old nor endowed with X chromosomes, all that held my attention was wondering what in the holy underwear Paul Williams was doing up there.
Despite all the excessive overlays of set-design, costuming and sugary sweet sappiness, this sequel is a dead artifact.
Obviousness is what does The Princess Diaries 2 in. Everything in this plot marches along to a prefabricated beat.
Marshall, working with a lousy script by Shonda Rhimes, amazing for its lack of wit, has mind-numbing tackiness oozing out of every frame here.
Bland and canned, the sequel disappoints repeatedly, not least in its uses of the first film's energetic supporting players.
Sometimes charming, sometimes a tad too silly and all the time predictable, Princess Diaries 2 gives you what you'd expect and doesn't take many chances besides allowing for the possibility that a princess might be okay without a husband.
Panders to the worst traits in the target audience of spoiled third-grade girls.
Fans of the first Princess Diaries will find enough laughs and diamonds in the rough to sustain them.
Definitely appealed to my inner 12-year-old self.
Either Marshall is tone deaf to punch lines or he thinks audiences are, for nearly every gag...gets underscored at least twice.
Would succeed with the pre-teen set; nothing here for adults.
It's the movie equivalent of a sticker scrapbook filled with rainbows and unicorns, featuring guaranteed girl-pleasers like a princess, a romance and a slumber party.
Lazily plotted Bachelorette for tweens.
Lumpish excuse for a contemporary fairy tale.
There's no spark of life in the story; nothing that will charm kids and their parents.
A prime example of the "sequel slump"
This Princess falters before getting to the altar. Once that near-magical event happens (especially, if you're a little girl), the kingdom is enchanted once again.
Blows through the better stuff quickly and settles into a routine romance.
It delivers the same bland adolescent fluff and feel-good family values its predecessor provided...This could get interesting--but it doesn't, not really.
The film had a goofy sense of humor, some deft casting...and, best of all, a genuinely charming, star-making performance by Anne Hathaway in the lead role.
Mia is still better suited to the sensibilities of 5 year old girls than anyone else.
Its royal claim is dubious, and if I were allowed to make proclamations, and I can't understand why I can't, I'd have to proclaim it seriously unfunny.
Princess Diaries 2 charts the selfish quest of a 21-year-old American to have-it-all.
There's not enough story in it to fill a shoebox.
Too blandly insubstantial to expand its appeal beyond its target demographic.
We all love a good fairy tale, but the enchantment is missing in this predictable sequel.
Good-natured but overstuffed.
[The movie tries] too slavishly to duplicate the original without taking it in any new directions.
Princess Diaries 2 has plenty of returning cast members and the same competent if bland direction. Yet why does it feel like an infomercial for the soundtrack?
The movie is undeniably cute. But it's also often a gooey mess, with a plot that manages to be both wearisome and preposterous (to grown-ups, that is).
Offers enough glossy good cheer to appeal to everyone.
All is Disney and cute and up.
Starts out rather awkwardly but succeeds almost in spite of itself.
Like the first film, this offers contrived preteen wish fulfillment with greeting-card sentiment and simplicity.
A cheesy-looking sequel to 2001's sleeper hit that lacks anything resembling genuine charm, wit, or heart.
It's an 8-year-old girl's fantasy of adulthood, right down to the purple-and-scarlet uniforms worn by the Genovian National Guard.
So lame.
[It's] unfair to allow grown-ups to wander into this alleged comedy without letting them know a few things first. One, that small children will be bored. Two, that they will be bored. Three: that they will be bored. Four: Zzzzzzzzzzz...
Though the picture is often trite and occasionally exasperating, the leading ladies give it a spoonful of sugar and a hint of enchantment.
A number of the goofy set pieces fall flat but tweens should be too busy swooning at midnight horse rides and bling-bling walk-in wardrobes to notice.
Ought to charm its loyal subjects, or at least their less demanding little sisters.
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement picks up right where the 2001 hit original left off -- not only in its story line, but in its appeal to young girls.
Too squeaky clean to be offensive but far too long to be entertaining.
Still going strong at the respective ages of 69 and 68, director Garry Marshall and his singing co-star Julie Andrews are the true royal couple of this straightforward sequel.
It's Hollywood hokum at its most glamorous and effective.
Hathaway makes it all seem more palatable than it really is, and the presence of Julie Andrews doesn't hurt either, lending the movie a regal grace it otherwise doesn't deserve.
The Princess Diaries 2 may not be quite fit for royalty, but it doesn't make viewers feel as if they've been sent to a dungeon either.
A royal pain.
Ardent fans of the first film will be royally disappointed in Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement.
The problem with this sequel, unlike, say, Spider-Man 2 or X2: X-Men United, is that no one was interested in making a better film.
Like the first movie, Princess Diaries 2 relies primarily on the chemistry and screen appeal of Andrews and Hathaway to elevate the storytelling above the level of mush.
The film's generic feminism pales beside its bloated sense of privilege, only underlined by a nonstop cabaret of sideshow acts.
Young girls will go bananas over this. The parents however, will find themselves quickly disengaged.
It's not the sweet gem the original film was. But it's still a nice shiny bauble of a movie.
The real treat, though, is seeing Anne Hathaway come into her own as an actress. Able to play both drama and broad comedy, she really carries the film on her shoulders.
There's perhaps 60 or 70 minutes' worth of material here at best. However, that hasn't stopped Marshall and the screenwriters from padding it out with nonsensical, often painfully unfunny attempts at humor.
Gentle fun.
While there's nothing in Princess Diaries 2 to offend your eyes or ears, there's plenty to insult your intelligence.
An improvement over its inelegant original.
The film is like a homage to the cliches and obligatory stereotypes of its genre.
Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews again star and Garry Marshall returns as director; the only things missing are a script, a pulse, and a reason why.
A movie that proves fairy tales can come true ... twice.
A movie with the appeal of a book of paper dolls.
You shed a tear that Andrews' good will has been so horribly misspent on this Disneyfied schlock.
This tepid sequel is a compelling argument for royal family planning.
The Princess Diaries 2 combines a classic storybook scenario, in which the former ugly duckling refines her swan standing, with the usual self-help uplift.
With the chemistry between Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews he discovered in the first film, Marshall would have needed superhuman effort to screw up their appeal.
The theme song and spirit was Diana Ross' I'm Coming Out. This time, the theme is more like I'm Running Out. Of ideas.
Made for all young girls who've ever had a princess fantasy. The charm of the cast keeps it mildly entertaining (or at least tolerable) for anyone else who tags along.
This movie is so intent on going nowhere that it introduces new characters just to give them nothing to do.
The entire exercise is about 'fun,' of course, but Marshall and Co. are so intent on shoving it down our throats that the first instinct is to rebel and be grouchy.
Director Garry Marshall continues his reign as Enemy of Women... with his depiction of Mia... as a naive child...
'Runaway Bride' moved from rural Maryland to the mock-European setting of Genovia... It's a triple-deluxe marshmallow sundae of a movie, and that's exactly as it should be.
Princess Diaries 2 gives you plenty of reasons to hate it ... However, the charming lead actors save the film from becoming dreadful.
Royal Engagement (the title alone suggests a "Wedding" installment cannot be far behind) is a plebeian affair that is unlikely to court any new fans
Doesn't measure up even to its mediocre predecessor; it's a shallow, predictable effort that evaporates as soon as the images hit the screen.
Who greenlit this lame script? And why?
A corny, dumbed down fairytale that garners pre-teen laughs from gags involving a disapproving poodle and a gay fashionista with a penchant for avant-garde hair.
If you only have one month to live - go see this movie (because every minute will seem like an eternity).
May have no objectionable material parents will find offensive for children, but just about every viewer will be offended by the patronizing hooey stuffed down their throat.
it's a spoonful of Julie Andrews that helps the melodramatics go down
contradicts and betrays its previously positive messages about feminine independence by making Mia settle for a man she loves only for his looks
When it's not annoying, it's cloying, and in both cases is so acutely irritating that one longs for the passive delights of mere tedium
Tiresomely plot-driven and unnecessarily drawn-out, Royal Engagement is the prim and proper cousin to its comparatively anarchic predecessor.











@highlight

Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews bring charm and elegance to the movie, but there's not enough material for them to work with in this sequel.