Unfortunately the movie isn't about Madea going to jail at all. That would have been a funny movie.
A half-silly/half-moralistic story about how it is never too late to turn things around, "Madea Goes to Jail" is as wispy as whipped cream, but also as easy to consume.
A tedious melodrama stuck on top of shrill comedy, and the two parts are both the worse off for the combination.
Perry clearly knows what his fans like, and he gives it to them -- by the shovelful. But for those not so tuned to his talents, Madea Goes to Jail is two excruciating hours of hard time.
Madea's antics held me captive.
Madea is the antithesis of the moralistic soapbox Perry's movies stand on, which is why she is usually the enjoyable ingredient in his films.
if it doesn't work quite as well as some of Tyler Perry's previous efforts, it certainly isn't for lack of trying.
I like Tyler Perry's movies best when the character of Medea isn't in them.
Perry knows what his fans want (that would be Madea) and so his fans should be well-pleased by his latest film.
It is, in short, not nearly as funny as Madea's Family Reunion, Perry's benchmark for freewheeling, low humour.
Pulliam lends the material emotional shadings that Perry does not write into the script himself.
[Tyler Perry's] talent, however heedless and untidy, is real...it's clear that he can make better movies than Madea Goes to Jail. The pity is that, with the enthusiastic audience he's already found, he may never feel the need to.
The predictable, even absurd twists that the movie takes to reach its happily-ever-after conclusion are amusing, as are the smart-ass quips and disposition of Perry's popular alter ego.
As ridiculous as his films frequently are, Perry, a shrewd yet benevolent showman, knows and loves his audience.
Hokey and ham-fisted, cheaply made and appallingly edited. Even good actors like Derek Luke and Viola Davis are at a loss to get past the dialogue and the characters.
Two movies for the price of one, but the comedy smashed against the drama makes the whole thing less entertaining
King of all media Tyler Perry gives fans what they want: irreverent, pistol-packin' big momma Madea, who's going to make those confused, disrespectful young people see sense if she has to slap it into them.
The women's prison dramedy I wanted never really happens.
Perry's playing-to-the-cheap-seats drag shenanigans hijack a morose street melodrama every 15 minutes and haul it into places even Flavor Flav fears to tread.
Adapting his own play, Perry has pared the plot way back while giving his law-breaking matriarch more room to run free.
Perry brings his own sensibility to every movie he makes and has enjoyed great success by following his own path. But he leaves you wanting more.
If the movie is a mess, it's a purposeful mess, cannily, if not artfully, pushing all the right buttons to ensure Perry will be back for another round.
The movie's titular matron (Perry in drag) is actually a diversion from the film's cornball melodrama, and will likely inspire jeers, instead of applause, even from his most dedicated fans.
Crowd-pleasing African-American filmmaker Tyler Perry has been heralded as an entrepreneur, a populist, and an expert on the wants of female audiences, but none of that would have been possible if he weren't also an expert drag performer.
As an alternative to the Hollywood mainstream, which doesn't provide many good roles for African-American actors, Perry's movies are at least a stopgap solution. It's just too bad they're not better.
The best parts of Madea Goes to Jail are the title character's motormouthed harangues. The rest of it is a fairly clumsy tale of sin and redemption.
Its comedy is from the do-anything-for-a-laugh school, without even the polish of the Three Stooges, and the melodrama evolves from rote characters and cliched situations.
Tyler Perry's latest soul operetta lives up to the mischief promised by its title. But that isn't nearly enough of the time.
The law of diminishing returns catches up with the mega-successful multihyphenate in this wildly uneven effort.
Same old Madea jokes served up in yet another morality tale.
Silly yet crowd-pleasing and forgiveness-themed.
Tyler Perry's roles as both populist entertainer and social preacher come into disconcerting conflict in the latest film.
Heaven help me, this Madea character is starting to grow on me.
Parental Content Review
Obviously Perry's fanbase will turn out to support his latest morality play, but don't expect Madea Goes to Jail to bring any new converts to the Church of Tyler Perry.
Perry's silly beyond 'belief' born again bully pulpit is thankfully upstaged by his former plus size stripper bully protagonist. But the big treat is anger shrink sessions with Dr. Phil, no less, though Madea/Perry's gender grudges get a pass.
Not everything Madea says is gold, and yet the storyline will literally stop so we can hear the crazed crone go off for no particular reason.
Stick Robin Williams in his Mrs. Doubtfire dress and have him join the cast of General Hospital and you'd have Madea Goes to Jail.
Tyler Perry has brought back the zest in the character that made him a household name.
Madea does go to the slammer in Tyler Perry's latest. Problem is, the time she serves isn't nearly as outrageous it might have been.
Tyler Perry knows how to push his audience's buttons. It's just disappointing that the most successful African-American filmmaker of this generation refuses to try any harder than that.
Tyler Perry continues to preach to the choir with his entertaining albeit stereotype-laced blend of melodrama and comedy.
Tyler Perry's best endeavor to date!
It's a patented Perry formula to cram as much as possible into one movie, but Madea Goes to Jail proves the strategy remains as artistically dubious as ever.
Wouldn't be Perry if the film wasn't outrageously irrational, flimsily edited, acted with rafter-quaking severity, and scripted with Magic Markers. I'd feel cheated at this point if he actually made a concentrated effort to maintain a steady dramatic tone






@highlight

Divided between sincere melodrama and populist comedy, Madea Goes to Jail fails to provide enough laughs -- or screen time -- for its titular heroine.