Oranges and Sunshine is a powerful exploration and its subjects should be proud.
Jim Loach's feature debut presents the horrific injustice of forced child migration in a calm, measured manner.
'Sunshine' a burning indictment of child abuse.
The sincerity of feeling is unmistakable. So's the flat-footedness of the writing.
A chilling tale? Not when made into a maudlin, completely predictable, mainstream narrative movie by filmmaker Jim Loach.
Earnest, heart-tugging, social problem drama.
Yet another reality-based tale of a lone crusader who takes on past injustice, but a fairly good example of this overused genre.
Emily Watson, who always brings a special grace to the screen, gives a multilayered performance to the role of Margaret Humphreys, who not only puts her own family dynamic at risk but finds herself physically threatened.
The story is a stunner, and the format, propelled by Watson's deepening investigation, gives the movie energy.
The result is a problem drama with more problem than drama.
Emily Watson, a delicate English rose, has never seemed more sturdy than here.
The script occasionally employs a clumsy voiceover, but later the same technique works wonderfully, pairing the most dramatic plot points with its most emotional monologues.
...a bit plodding overall, its heroine more perseverant than passionate.
A 'message movie' told in staid, blocky fashion, as if already edited down for a Hallmark-style TV presentation, and the lowest-common-denominator audience that medium occasionally implies.
How often have we seen well-intentioned movies become sanctimonious and lose their dramatic edge? No such accusations can be leveled at Jim Loach's Oranges and Sunshine, an impressive film that...
The most powerful sequences in the movie are the linked vignettes involving Margaret and the various grown-up children whom she attempts to help in their search for -- what, exactly? Closure? Catharsis?
Once, very early on, the secret deportations have been exposed there aren't many new places for the film to go - just more scenes of an increasingly tired-looking Emily Watson trudging around with an armful of file folders.
It's powerful, gut-wrenching stuff, and it doesn't need tarting up.
Making a true story of social injustice into a gripping narrative requires more imagination than is contained in this well-intentioned but uninspired effort.
Well-meaning but blandly executed, smothering potentially powerful scenes with earnest do-gooder-film moments.
As the story ricochets between Britain and Australia, the film often loses track of time and becomes fragmented as it struggles to integrate too many subplots. What holds it together is Ms. Watson's calm, sturdy performance.
It's all very stiff-upper-lip, when what the subject cries out for is a rant.
Sometimes the facts can get in the way of the drama, and that's the central problem here.
The extraordinary true story of a social worker who exposed the notorious forced deportation of children from England to Australia from the 1940s to the 1970s.
If larger truths have been overlooked, the subject is still wrenching enough to make Oranges and Sunshine an inspired work of dignity and purpose.
The movie belongs to Hugo Weaving and David Wenham, both playing what one newspaper dubs "the lost children of the Empire," men broken by the appalling conditions that met them in their new homeland.
Oranges and Sunshine is thrillingly efficient filmmaking.
The result is a plodding, overly tasteful procedural that holds up its hero as an incorruptible embodiment of goodness.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Oranges And Sunshine packs a serious emotional wallop in its story (based on true events) of a Nottingham social worker who uncovers a massive post-war scandal involving the British and Australian governments.
Oranges and Sunshine is an equally confronting and tender story about loss of identity of abuse of power, as told through the heroic actions of a secular saint who stood up to those who had no voice.
While director Jim Loach knows how to bring trying tales of deprivation and abuse to a piercing emotional pitch, more admirable is his uncanny ability to harness the power of understatement.
There are beautiful performances here from every member of the cast, and it's much to Loach's credit that he handles this potentially sensational material with such restraint.
Director Jim Loach has done a beautiful job capturing the heart and soul of these characters.
With Oranges and Sunshine Jim Loach has announced himself a distinctive cinematic voice who is able to handle complex and difficult subject matter with sensitivity and skill.
A film that very carefully and empathetically shines a light on this tragic chapter of British and Australian history.
A triumph of storytelling on screen and puts us through the emotional wringer - as it should
The revelation of mistreatment, abuse and lies is powerfully handled in this dramatic and moving true story
Oranges and Sunshines (so-named after the promise made to the children of their new life, far away) works best during its most intimate moments, when the actions of the past are put in context with the pain of the present.
[D]eeply enraging... yet before it's over it becomes the kind of powerfully inspirational story that saves you from total despair over the unconscionable things that humans can do to each other...
Rona Munro's script is a bit earnest and plodding, but Watson's blazing integrity as Humphreys ensures the story still leaves the viewer reeling in outrage.
Quiet moments of power ensue, but so too do the gently manipulative clichés - the plaintive piano score, the moments of false tension, the one-dimensional bureaucratic bad guys - that plague much issue-driven British cinema.
A powerful, deeply moving, understated account of a major social injustice that went unreported for many years...
The film rightly draws attention to a horrible event in history. But unfortunately that's all it does - and a decent documentary could have done exactly the same, much more nimbly.
Jim Loach follows in dad's footsteps with a compassionate investigative drama about the wave of UK-to-Australia child migration in the 1950s, and the many sundered families left in the dark.
Fundamentally dry and somewhat hamstrung by its own artful restraint, Oranges and Sunshine nevertheless works on the basis of its riveting performances.
A powerful, admirably restrained, real-life drama.
These stories of enforced separation could hardly be more upsetting, and Hugo Weaving, as one of the deportees damaged well into adulthood by his experience, gives a hugely affecting performance. Cinematically, though, the film doesn't really work.
While it's brimming with righteous anger, it rarely connects emotionally.
It tells a startling story of how one persistent seeker after truth triumphed despite everything put in her way.
Jim Loach's sombre, painful film packs a hard punch; harder than you'd expect from the soft-focus poster.
A shocking true story about child deportation to Australia is told with delicacy and restraint in Oranges and Sunshine, the directorial debut of Jim Loach, son of Ken.
It's a pleasure to welcome one movie that won't damage your brain cells and actually has a story worth telling.
This is a solid debut, but the hangover from Loach's TV past looks large on the big screen.
It's an earnest, straightforward film that's intensely moving and never sentimental.
A disappointing attempt to illuminate a dark time in Commonwealth history.
There are powerful moments, but there are also plodding ones, and too often one is left feeling that this might have made a rather better documentary than a drama.
As you'd expect from a man named Loach, Jim refuses to dress up the facts with melodrama and even keeps his landscape shots grounded in the reality of the emotionally unfulfilled.
Emily Watson gives the only believable performance in a film beset by clunky dialogue and torpid mise-en-scène.
Moving if low-key, Jim Loach's debut feature is proof that compassionate, socially conscious filmmaking runs in the family.
Loach has made a film uncluttered by an obvious director's stamp, peopled by sympathetic characters and driven by a desire to say something about the world without losing sight of human experience.
It's a moving and emotionally draining docu-drama...
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a powerfully emotional drama with a terrific central performance from Emily Watson.
It has a few dips here and there, and the first act is unfortunately the weakest, but overall this is a story worth-telling, well-told.
You want to be moved more than you are by a film that doesn't tap the emotions half as much as the facts. Loach shows promise, though.
Jim Loach (son of Ken Loach) has his heart in the right place for his feature debut, but a plodding script and muted staging strangely strip away the emotional punch.
A deeply moving study of emotionally scarred adults who were illegally deported as children to Australia from Britain in the 1940s and '50s.


@highlight

Grounded in a heartwrenching fact-based story, steered by Loach's sensitive direction, and led by a powerful performance from Watson, Oranges and Sunshine sidesteps its pacing problems and occasionally clichéd screenplay.