A história da paixão incontrolável do casal Vogel por arte contemporânea é algo não só tocante, mas educativo.
The movie gives us an eyeful, but the unexamined irony is that the nice old couple can't sell the rest of us on why it's good.
A solid and engaging documentary that shows the chasm between art and those that are removed, for various reasons, from its creation and most readily accessible exhibition to be a largely artificial construct.
Sasaki balances her subjects' yarns with insights into the cultural moment that shaped them and vice-versa, in particular the shift from abstract expressionism to the sparer gestures of minimalist and conceptual art.
As director Megumi Sasaki's leisurely yet absorbing documentary tells it, the crusty postman and the mild librarian emerged as the Fred and Ethel Mertz of modernism, championing the early careers of such artists as Sol LeWitt and Christo.
If Ripley's Believe It or Not! were still around, Herb and Dorothy Vogel would surely be in it for amassing a world-class art collection on the most ordinary of working-class salaries.
Herb and Dorothy, a documentary by Megumi Sasaki, grows on you just as its subjects do.
It's impossible to leave this movie believing that the Vogels are weirdos or naifs. A wealth of artists and curators testify to their strong eye, unwavering enthusiasm, and clear judgment.
You can't hate the film anymore than you can hate Herb and Dorothy. But this is lazy work.
When was the last time you saw older protags, or a happily married couple, in American film? In this charming docu, the Vogels recall vividly their experiences in life and art over the past four decades.
This easygoing movie fully captures the couple's charm and offers a unique look at the '60s and '70s New York art scene.
Megumi Sasaki's convivial Herb and Dorothy is both a double-portrait of the diminutive couple, now in their 90s and 80s, and a sketch of the art, and artists, collected by these vest-pocket Rockefellers.
As the film progresses, we become captivated by the enchanted existence [Herb and Dorothy Vogel] have made for themselves.
Herb and Dorothy certainly proves there's more than one way to be an art collector. It just doesn't probe deeply enough and ask thorny questions about the nature of collecting and the nature of art, and how they relate to one another.
Ultimately, the tale is inspiring: Why can't we all be like the Vogels and become great collectors?
Briskly and engagingly cinematic. ... [Their compulsive collecting seems] at once crazy, smart, generous and enormously endearing.
A fascinating, warm and delightfully charming documentary that finds just the right balance between entertaining the audience and provoking them intellectually.
As they share their views of modern art, director Megumi Sasaki's film feels like a cozy visit with neighbors whose insights are priceless.
The Vogels [Herb and Dorothy], sitting in their same old apartment, overflowing as ever, make for charming company.
Delightful, involving doc about an unlikely couple who became pioneer contemporary art collectors with working-class salaries.
Delightful, involving documentary about an unlikely couple who became pioneer contemporary art collectors with working-class salaries.
Herb & Dorothy describes and amply illustrates the extraordinary saga of the Vogels, who double-handedly built one of the most important collections of Minimalist and Conceptual Art in history with their modest salaries.
Former journalist Megumi Sasaki's warmhearted celebration of these adorable do-gooders cements their significance to the art world and introduces them to the rest of us.
First-time filmmaker Megumi Sasaki's documentary Herb & Dorothy is as simple and straightforward as the subjects of its title.



@highlight

While perhaps not as probing as it could have been, Megumi Sasaki's languidly paced documentary is as entertaining as it is inspiring.