It's in te reo but The Dead Lands never feels like it's trying too hard to say anything important. All the same, it may well become a very important film.
It certainly makes viewers reluctant to hassle anyone carrying a patu with authority, which is something the film can hang its hat on.
Situating death as the catalyst to action whereby legends, apparitions and spirits mobilize the command to vengeance, Fraser's narrative teems and trounces with relentless bloodshed, slaughter, violence and gore.
Seldom have I seen a more foreign film than this one. This is a story set, not only in a language, Te Reo, totally separate from Indo-European languages, but in a very different time and culture, as well.
A grisly, Maori revenge flick tailor-made for fans of high body-count fare.
Highly entertaining.
At once violent, exotic and compulsively strange: a fable of revenge with a haka vibe.
Powers away relentlessly and soon becomes numbing - except when Makoare waggles his tongue in traditional warrior manner, which is genuinely a fearsome thing to behold.
By the final stretch, the combat is pure tedium, with each skuffle filmed and edited in the same way each time and the makers refusing to scale things up in the name of idle spectacle.
An exotic and satisfying alternative to the average Hollywood punch-'em-up, an offbeat war story with a neat sideline in ancient magic-realist philosophy.
The Dead Lands is a distinctive tale that blends coming-of-age with some muscular action sequences.
This tale of a young warrior's blooding resembles Apocalypto in Maori instead of Mayan, although the comparison does it few favours.
A fun thriller that'll have you reaching for the travel brochures.
Neatly balances a folkloric coming-of-age tale with violent action thrills.
Although undoubtedly a worthy piece of indigenous action cinema - and how often can you say that? - The Dead Lands still feels like a haka without end.
The film's abundant visual splendor can't compensate for a clichéd screenplay that makes it difficult to invest much rooting interest in the characters.
Viewed in the context of its intense combat scenes, The Dead Lands is a more-than-serviceable actioner distinguished by its exotic backdrop, gorgeous cinematography and engrossing performances.
The Dead Lands may not feature the most original story, but its dedication to the Māori culture and handful of bloody action scenes make it worth a watch.
Runs a little long for such a simple tale, but still entertains.
The Dead Lands occasionally runs the risk of becoming too preachy or cheesy - most unironic martial arts films do - but it's still a thoughtful and exhilarating introduction to its subject matter
It feels like a typical action movie that's been sawed off and sanded down - its blunt edges sharpened, its soft center drained out. It's not particularly original, but it is mean, relentless, and bracing.
A fine example of how an indigenous culture can tell its stories on film.
The tale of warring tribes in pre-colonial New Zealand embraces Maori language and mysticism. Ethnography is its purpose, but a fine cast makes sure this modest movie has a pulse.
This bloody quest for vengeance becomes burdened by too much of a good thing, as brutal fight sequences become repetitive over The Dead Lands' all-too-long running time.
"The Dead Lands" doesn't add up to much, but it is always on the verge of becoming more than just a bed time story for guys that wish "Braveheart" had a biceps-kissing baby with "Ong Bak."
There's plenty you haven't actually seen in The Dead Lands, a blood-spurting martial arts epic that sets its ultraviolence amongst warring Maori tribes... It's a shame that everything else about it follows such a strict action movie template.
A fable about New Zealand's indigenous Maori people before the arrival of European settlers, "The Dead Lands" values entertainment over archaeology.
Action fans will enjoy the fight scenes while the rest of us may find the film perversely interesting from a socio-anthropological perspective.
It's a solid entertainment, in other words, and with some fine-tuning it might even have been great.
Honor and shame are frequently announced concerns in the story, and the staginess recalls Mr. Fraser's experience as a theater director.
Once you get past an awkward and artificial beginning and roll with the movie's crazy rhythm, The Dead Lands is also a blast, and one that delivers an unexpected emotional wallop along with gore, thrills and spectacular scenery.
Proof that action pictures are best when they forge a path all their own.
The Dead Lands too frequently fizzles when it should sizzle.
Abstract, synth-scored finale notwithstanding, it's another plodding take on the hero's journey, with New Zealand's rugged terrain cut into an indistinguishable mass of karst rock and dry grass.
The plot may not be the most original, but the specifics of the Maori culture are unique.There's also neat use of modern electric music, which helps make The Dead Lands come alive.
Because of some of the familiarity of narrative, I wasn't totally invested in the story of The Deadlands but when Hongi sprang into action I appreciated this take on the classic tale.
It's a mash-up of familiar genre elements-too familiar, frankly-given a welcome sense of scope and shading by the location.
Visceral and bloody, but too slow-footed to make it a genre classic
Essentially a single, overlong, wearyingly violent chase sequence with shout-outs to honor and maintaining traditions, the story isn't much more than an excuse to keep the artery-spraying war of attrition going.
A fascinating and frequently brutal tale of loyalty, revenge, and ancient tribal warfare.
A phony collection of storytelling clichés held under the banner of archetype and lent a modicum of weight by the splendor of the landscape.
The characters are all well-drawn and acting is tough, iconic and credible.
An energetic, glossy and exciting New Zealand Maori action-adventure.
Offers proof that a well-crafted, fight-filled revenge story is the type of pic least reliant on the English language to impress, which this does in spades.
A tediously clichéd, overblown, badly acted action flick full of bloody movie violence dressed up in Maori drag.
Expectations should be tempered, as the film defies easy categorization, and those expecting a simple action film may be disappointed. For those willing to take the journey, The Dead Lands proves to be a memorable, rewarding experience.
Lovely to look at but it feels long at just under 2 hours, and ends with a gory whimper rather than the anticipated spectacularly bloody bang.
Impressive scenery and action elevate a tale of pre-colonial Maori warfare that is nonetheless brutal to the brink of monotony.

@highlight

The Dead Lands doesn't add anything new to the primeval quest genre, but its battle scenes boast enough visceral thrills to carry viewers through the more mundane moments.