This is a documentary that will change the way you think about seafood and give you the power of knowledge to make a change.
As the final credits roll you feel like you've been on an emotional rollercoaster -- the same as you might if you'd just watched a moderately successful Hollywood disaster movie.
Revelations about the tonnes of wasted sealife caught and discarded annually and the destructive effects of practices such as bottom-trawling, are head-spinning in their immensity.
There are an irritating number of fish and ocean montages with plaintive music which makes the film longer than it need be, but there's no denying the impact of its content.
It's compelling viewing, and outlines the problem -- and the solution -- in minute detail.
Forget 2012. 2012. According to The End of the Line, the year right-minded folk should be dreading is 2048.
If the tone is occasionally off-putting, the message -- at least, the facts about the fish -- is harder to shrug off.
Informative and alarming, if a little dry in its singular message and barrage of statistics.
A gorgeously filmed cautionary tale about how industrial fishing is depriving little guys of their livelihood and depleting the once-vast supply.
With commendable clarity, it lays out the data.
This movie wants to cover every base without thinking very deeply about them. So while a lot of ground is covered in 80 brisk minutes, the information presented is only abstractly useful.
Plenty of fish in the sea? Time to learn a new adage.
It's hard not to feel that the vital information in The End of the Line may have been more effectively relayed by Clover's original book or by a movie whose methods were less pedantic and pedestrian.
Another day, another film about environmental collapse.
The End of the Line documents what threatens to become an irreversible decline in aquatic populations within 40 years.
As if we didn't already have enough signs of the impending apocalypse with which to contend.
..."Food, Inc." for fish.
The End of the Line, an eco-mentary that warns against overfishing, baits its hook with alarmist rhetoric and aversion therapy.
The exercise feels mass-produced and makes you think some books shouldn't be adapted unless given a new and fervent second wind.
An illuminating, provocative and important wake-up call for everyone young and old.
Except for lush underwater shots, the movie is dry and preachy. And it would not have hurt to give the other side a chance to respond.
The End of the Line is an apocalyptic documentary that is as beautiful as it is damning.
Sundance-screened documentary about the global depletion of fish stocks takes a premise both valid and shocking and delivers the bad news as a bombastic harangue.
This passionate ecological documentary, The End of the Line, spells out the problem in clear, urgent, prosaic terms.
Through graph-wielding scientists, picturesque seascapes and Ted Danson's voiceover, director Rupert Murray lays out the facts about the ongoing decimation of world fishing stocks, which could mean the end of tuna as we know it.
The End of the Line is a free-form splash of jaw-dropping graphs, impressively accredited talking heads, and sumptuously shot portraits of natural beauty and decay, overdramatically scored to symphonic and other intense musical attacks.
Sobering stuff, but presented with no more flair than a television news item.
Too long with Ted Danson telling me how bad things are at sea resulted in my buying a nice piece of halibut for dinner that night.
As if we didn't already have enough signs of the impending apocalypse with which to contend.
After watching this you may think twice before consuming another mouthful of tuna.
The End of the Line understates its case. If what it says is true, it does not seem angry enough. And does it really provide enough facts to underline its argument?
The poignant facts and figures are offered by a host of likeable marine scientists, local fishermen and activists.
A classical, stately documentary, that blends striking imagery with informed commentary to credibly present the facts of another human-shaped, greed-fuelled global mega-cock-up.
Everyone should watch this film, or at least familiarise themselves with the issues.
Murray's film is clear-sighted about the tough choices involved.
Some important questions are raised, but ultimately the insubstantiality of the film's arguments nags.
This documentary warning carefully balances measured analysis - from respected university researchers - against the more gung-ho exploits of tuna fisherman turned whistleblower Roberto Mielgo.
Director Rupert Murray brings the fear with disturbing stats'n'graphics.
A chilling exploration of how our love affair with seafood is devastating the world's oceans while pushing species after species to extinction.
The film, with its dramatic soundtrack and mood of high intensity, feels like a political broadcast. But it's a persuasive and very important one.
Are we allowed to love what we plan to kill and eat? Perhaps we are. Or perhaps it is the cunning sentimentality of the filmmaker, hooking the viewer in with heartwarming pictures before throwing him into the good-causes basket.
It serves up the science of this potential catastrophe in firm, digestible chunks, though it perhaps didn't require the gloopy New Age music as garnish.
Skimming lightly over graphs and in-depth investigation in favour of pretty shots of sunset-dappled seas, it lacks the smack of hard facts.
Important, decently made but also thoroughly depressing eco-doc that's high on facts and figures but fails to engage on an emotional level and can't quite deliver the required kick up the backside.
Does a very good job of laying out the argument that humans are the unrelenting reason for marine species being wiped off the face of the planet.



@highlight

A thought-provoking and insightful documentary about the dangers of commercial fishing.