It does suffer ... from actually having way too much heart and not enough soul, its identity lost far beneath its ambitions for affirmation.
Although Phat Girlz...looks to have been made on a shoestring, with muddy, unflattering lighting (by two cinematographers), there is nonetheless something to be commended here.
Almost stunning in its determination to be the ultimate wish-fulfillment fantasy vehicle for plus-sized African-American women...
Skinny on plot, story, directing and some of the acting.
looks cheap and falls apart after the first act.
Setting up a woman like Mo'Nique as a role model for overweight women may do more damage to their self-images than all the fashion magazines in the world could.
even though this movie is a bit of a mess, it turns out to be unexpectedly sweet and funny. Its very amateurishness gives it freshness and authenticity.
[Mo'Nique's] sassy forte may be talking so straight-up she sounds crazy, but she seems a little advanced to be doing 'yo mama' jokes.
While it's a pleasure to watch the likeable Kendra Johnson open up and come out of her shell, Phat Girlz belongs to Mo'Nique, a grating, belligerent woman who alternates self-deprecating fat jokes with drama-queen meltdowns and simpering pleas for
Uneven but lovable, "Phat Girlz" comes strutting on to the screen. As well it should.
Jazmin's so fat that the movie reduces her to a single discernible characteristic, which is a telltale mark of many a wholly awful comedy.
Outrageous comedy? damn right!!! I'm outraged that there's no comedy here AT ALL!!!!
The first word of the movie's title stands for Pretty Hot and Thick. The second word is never spelled out, but it could mean Good Intentions Ruined by Lousy Zingers.
I'm recommending it, barely, because I think it speaks pretty well to a certain audience and does so from the heart.
Just a protracted fat joke.
Barely written and stiffly directed by Nnegest Likké, Phat Girlz is an undernourished comedy about a sassy, overweight heroine.
A thin comedy about a size-plus heroine.
As the title hints, Phat Girlz is a plus-sized Cinderella.
A slapdash female empowerment comedy that's crudely executed on every level.
The film is amateurishly directed and sluggishly paced with an anorexic plot. Even the photography, sound and costumes are substandard.
Beneath the movie's broad humor and meanspirited put-downs lies an uplifting story about learning to like yourself for who you are, not what you look like.
If it weren't for Mo'Nique's fresh, appealing screen presence, Phat Girlz would fall flat.
This is a disarming and, in its own way, delightful vehicle for its star and executive producer, the comedian and actress Mo'Nique. Who could hate this movie?
God bless her soul, Mo'Nique even stays believable as the story requires her to finally fall apart and hit a new self-hating low.
First my dreams and now real life, why do you haunt me so, Eric Roberts?
I am allowed to say this, because I've been on both sides of the [fat-girl] fence: Phat Girlz, shut the f**k up.
If Phat Girlz is about desire, for viewers even more than actors or characters, it is also about how that desire is constructed by images.
Less a call to (flabby) arms than a simple turning of the tables on romantic comedy convention, proof that large women can have wishes cinematically fulfilled too.
For a movie about a triumphantly funny fat woman, the humor is woefully low on calories.
Likké should be applauded for tackling a subject that's bristling with socio-political thorns and raises some provocative questions, particularly about what we find attractive in other people and why.
It's a chick flick with good intentions about self-image and body size, yet it leaves an icky aftertaste.
If writer-director Nnegest Likke's booster speech in movie form were as funny as it is relentlessly on-message, it would be a world-class gut buster.
The cast is likeable, although they deserve a better movie, and at a lean 99 minutes, at least the plot hasn't been padded. But there's only so far you can go with fat jokes, as plus-sized comic Mo'Nique is discovering.
There's a lot to laugh at and cheer for in this rousing comedy.
The film starts with the kind of material you would find in Mo'Nique's stand-up routines, but settles down into more of a story and actually has something to say.
If first-time director Nnegest Likké would have cut down the ending in the editing room, the film may have retained some love from me.
First time writer/director Nnegest Likke has her heart in the right place, but the intensity of her inexperience blinds every scene.
Chooses contrivances over naturalism and sickeningly saccharine sermonizing over lighthearted moralizing.
outrageous, wish fulfilling fun






@highlight

Although Phat Girlz has good intentions, it is sloppily made and thin on laughs.