Blood is a nice antidote to your Twilight blues. No shiny vampires here, and all the girls have traded their mopey diaries for samurai swords.
The fight choreography is satisfying (if not revolutionary), the few dashes of CGI have a rubbery aftertaste, and Edo-era fetishists (quaint villages with everything made of rope and bamboo!) get their fix in an extensive series of flashback battles.
The dialogue is horrible (sample exchange: "Little bitch is out of control"), the acting is worse.
... a bizarre mix of sensibilities that falls apart into a mess of cultural cues. The result is as tone deaf as the confused accents.
Feels like one of those Underworld sequels, but with a samurai-wielding Japanese schoolgirl instead of the tight leather outfits . . .
I think this is a world-class film! It contains great martial arts and great storytelling, and it turns the vampire genre on its ear.
Really, is there supposed to be any entertainment value in this thing, or is it meant to be a ponderously stupid endurance test?
So laughably awful that it easily qualifies for so-bad-it's-good status.
Despite inserting a jumble of backstory into his live-action take on an action experiment from Japanese animation studio Production I.G, director Chris Nahon captures some of the visceral thrills of the nine-year-old anime.
The best thing that can come from this film is that it will be so poorly received both by critics and audiences that it will put a damper on Hollywood's current interest in remaking anime.
As good as any Hollywood movie, which is to say it's got lousy visual effects and generic dialogue. Since we're already forgiving that anyway, there's enough engaging action to make it plenty fun and entertaining.
Slashing swords, splashing blood, and flashy CGI - not to mention a hot chick in school uniform - sound like a cool combination, but the life bleeds out of Blood: The Last Vampire long before the final reel.
If you're not familiar with this kind of live-action anime in general, Blood isn't a bad place to start, but for diehard fans it's a lot of been-there-done-that.
An stew of international genre influences that plays like a Vietnam-era cross between Blade and TV's Buffy the Vampire Slayer, with elaborate martial arts sequences.
Ever wish for a cinematic slushie of Kill Bill, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and the cheesiest vampire movie ever made? Welcome to Blood: The Last Vampire.
Often-unwatchably dim.
Watch True Blood, Let the Right One In or Twilight instead. Or wait for Thirst or New Moon or Daybreakers or ...
Not only isn't the new effort up to the standards of the anime, it's bloody awful by any standard.
Blood: The Last Vampire feels both derivative and strangely amateurish, an awkward blend of Hong Kong-style combat set pieces and clumsy English-language dialogue scenes that verge on laughable.
This live-action update of a popular Japanese anime film from 2000 has a heart full of mythology, but its fangs are dulled by an anemic script and clumsy action sequences that are notable mostly for an excess of cheese, not blood.
The peculiar, comic-book-like computer graphics -- artful at first -- finally overtake Blood and make it look like a video game instead of a graceful, graphic martial arts movie.
Suffers from abusive close-ups, repetitive fight sequences and uninspired demon design.
If that sounds kind of hot, don't get your hopes up.
The best thing that one can say about this is that as utterly incoherent action extravaganzas go, it is at least an hour shorter than "Transformers 2."
Of direct-to-DVD quality, so you might as well wait until this one makes it to disc--and then skip it.
Don't let the subtitle of Blood: The Last Vampire alarm you. The finale of this tedious piece of Asian-ish action-schlock based on a popular anime series implies an intention to make more. One was plenty for me.
Blood: The Last Vampire might be described as Kill Bill crossed with Buffy, only that would make it sound like more than the slapdash, thrill-less dud that it is.
Apparently someone forgot to add an extra dimension in the process of adapting the film from anime -- the characters have the personality of cardboard cutouts and the actors deliver performances to match.
If you're willing to accept it for what it is - a hyperactive fantasy, pleasantly ridiculous and delivered with amusing conviction by director Chris Nahon - you should be suitably entertained.
It makes sense that Chris Chow's script is based on a manga series; this is a series of 20-minute episodes in search of an arc.
Every scrap of footage here has been done better somewhere else.
This isn't a great movie. But it's sincere as an entertainment, it looks good, it's atmospheric.
[It] turns its collection of overused action/horror staples into... well... a kind of fun collection of overused action/horror staples.
Boys in the audience may groan indulgently, but their dates ought to squeal with delighted pride.
The action is repetitive and unoriginal, but it at least offers a respite from the horrible writing and acting.
As the credits began to roll, I thought to myself, "I can't believe this was a theatrical release." Neither will you if you pay to see it.
Unexciting, incoherent, lamely acted, and carelessly written.
Blood is borderline incomprehensible.
Is there a word that transcends abysmal? BLOOD is the lowest form of cinematic garbage that carries not a single shred of redeemable screen time.
Shows a new level of filmmaking incompetence previously only seen in the films of Dr. Uwe Boll. It is just plain awful
BLOOD: THE LAST VAMPIRE is half a good film and half of a really bad one
It's the action that really suffers, the anime's dynamism fizzling out as every samurai duel falls back on fake-looking CG squibs and a blur of fast-cut, see-nothing camera angles.
Like Men In Blade - a cross between Men In Black, with suited secret agents covering up the existence of evil forces, and the sword-slashing Blade.
The action sequences are the prize attraction and even they leave something to be desired.
Stylishly shot and undeniably trashy, this is a strange mish-mash of a film that's actually surprisingly entertaining, despite the usual choppily-edited fight scenes.
If you go in expecting an amusing stinker, you may enjoy it.
If anything watch it for the cool vamps and powerful performance from star [Gianna] Jun...
'The world is full of bloodsuckers,' notes the lead vampire's handler; the only believable line in the movie.





@highlight

Based on a classic anime series, Blood: The Last Vampire is a tedious, shoddily acted, amateurish picture that loses all charm in the transition to live-action.