"Trust The Man" is an agreeable New York-centric romantic comedy about two couples on the brink of self-destructing.
Really when you cut through all the garbage, Bart Freundlich presents us with an illusion of originality...
This rickety empty-feeling production has a script & stars that deliver lots of edgy little subtle jokes. The dialogue is crisp and crunchy, but the romance is nearly absent.
An intelligent low-brow comedy for adults.
There's no feeling of weight or consequence in a movie so shapeless it has not one but two musical montage sequences...and a "one month later" card.
I saw this at a festival and hated it, then sat through it again a year later and decided it wasn't so bad, aside from the god-awful ending.
Over the next ninety minutes or so we are treated to a series of scenes that, while often funny, seem to exist because the cast was in the same room together.
Freundlich is a pretentious film-school brat who seems obsessed with making botched retreads of the kinds of thesis pictures that people in film school like to pontificate about.
It's winter in New York and two couples symbolically battle rain, wind and snow as their relationships skid on thin ice. There are some funny lines, novel situations and for the most part, the film is amusing, even though some of the laughs are contrived
Freundlich's intelligent, very funny take on male-female relationships manages the not inconsiderable feat of being both jaded and appealingly fresh.
Trust the Man has its moments but it's ultimately disappointing, despite strong performances from its excellent cast.
It's a pity, because few romcoms pull off the basically sympathetic mining of personal vanities and social embarrassment that the film manages in its opening hour.
A relationship dramedy wields little power without an emotional punch. And when the theatrical (literally) climax attempts bold emotionality, one can't help but wince.
The finale is a screwball sequence so out of step with what comes before that it feels like part of another (but not necessarily better) movie.
The fault for this flaccid comedy lies not in Freundlich's stars, but in the way he portrays his men and women as biologically-driven boobs.
Almost a good movie by Freundlich, in fact, his best yet. Keep making 'em.
[Has] an abundance of charm and wisdom and heart, thanks to the appealing cast and smart script...
Trust me, a Woody Allen film it is not.
David Duchonvy and Julianne Moore make an engaging double-act and an undercurrent of droll humour keeps things zipping along quite amiably for the most part.
Freundlich's insights weave through the bathroom en route to the bedroom, (and) conversations almost always return to excrement.
You know you're in trouble when an allegedly adult romantic comedy begins with a fart joke.
Freundlich's outstanding cast (including Garry Shandling, Eva Mendes, Ellen Barkin, Bob Balaban and James LeGros) -- his best since 1997's The Myth of Fingerprints -- glosses over miscalculations with sheer star power.
I got more questions than laughs from the Manhattan romantic comedy from Bart Freundlich, who is clearly a Woody Allen wannabe.
Two couples in trouble, one with kids, another considering them. Writer-director Bart Freundlich's challenge is to stress them and find a resolution to their conflicts in ways that aren't banal, predictable or witless. And he settles for one out of three.
Trust the Man has some good laughs courtesy of its cast -- but they're basically papering over a script that's masquerading as urbane and trenchant, when it's really self-involved and didactic and more than a little foolish.
The fact that Freundlich tries to put some thoughtful commentary into a formulaic story is commendable, but in the end either his faith wavers or the studio intervened.
The characters change personalities every time Freundlich gets an idea for a new gag, leading to bizarre, random behavior that is likely to inspire audience annoyance, rather than sympathy.
I wish the film were true to itself and its quartet of puzzled, struggling lovers; their collapse into sitcom idiocy felt uncomfortably close to betrayal.
A lot more smug and a lot less insightful than writer-director Bart Freundlich apparently assumes, and it's burdened even more by its surfeit of unsympathetic characters.
There is a free-flowing fluidity to the performances that can't help but feel warm and authentic, the quartet at the center of this crafting beguiling and believable human portraits just screaming of reality.
Far from perfect but still somewhat enjoyable, I suppose until Woody returns to making movies here, we'll have to settle for what we can get.
Freundlich wants a portrait of the non-committal man at play, but Crudup tends to act like he's in Scary Movie 5, and every new scene with him makes you want to grind your teeth to pebbles.
It's the worst of both worlds.
The project is defeated by a concept that is not very novel, a script that is not especially witty, direction that is neither sharp nor insightful and one-note characters that are simply not very interesting.
For people who enjoy watching smug, self-involved, upper-class New Yorkers complain about their problems, most of which are their own fault.
It has nothing new or remotely interesting to say about modern relationships.
Screenwriter and director Bart Freundlich fails to offer fresh insights into the problems of contemporary relationships, and many of his comic targets are easy and conventional.
There's nothing terribly wrong with this comedy about the romantic dalliances of four New Yorkers, but there's nothing terribly right about it, either.
Bizarrely obsessed with bathroom humor (this would-be sparkling comedy actually begins with a poop joke) and dumb gags at a meeting of sex addicts.
The people behind this film would not recognize complex, honest emotion if it hit them in the face with a frying pan.
Freundlich has some merciless fun at his gender's expense, holding up two best-pal schlubs, Tom (David Duchovny) and Tobey (Billy Crudup), for ridicule.
The movie can't decide if it wants to be a well-observed urban relationship drama or a madcap comedy.
A Big Apple production that's rotten to its core.
Has a few minor deficiencies in certain areas. Laughs, for one thing.
Shallow. Freundlich doesn't have a clue about being married to a famous actress. None of the dialogue sounds real.
Mopey Manhattan thirtysomethings sounding off might be Bart Freundlich's idea of a good time but it's not mine.
Bart Freundlich's romantic comedy substitutes overactive hormons for a love story, and settles for bathroom humor and guilty giggles.
A group of charming and talented actors are forced to portray some of the most smug, annoying and thoroughly unlikable characters ever seen in a film not made by Henry Jaglom or Ed Burns.
Is it possible to completely loathe the premise on which a film is based, while still kind of enjoying watching it?
Captures, with both accuracy and fleeting optimism, those domestic arguments that end in either irritataed silence or half-hearted, good-enough-for-now reconciliation.
The kind of cloying indie that's too precocious for its own good.
So don't come to this thing with high expectations for something new and different, because it ain't.
Trust the Maxim. Take a pass.
Trying to mimic the Woody Allen films is not a bad thing to do, but why not put a spin on it?
Trust the Man mainly feels like the work of a New Yorker who hasn't left his trendy neighborhood in ten years.
Is this farce, drama, satire? Who knows?
This comedy about two self-absorbed New York couples feels like wan Woody Allen.
Writer-director Bart Freundlich's third misfire after his acclaimed Myth of Fingerprints (1997) is really a loose assemblage of scenes depicting the changing romantic fortunes of two New York City couples.
Trust the Man has a sketchy overall feel, as if Freundlich didn't finish thinking it through.
Insufferably glib and blatantly contrived, Bart Freundlich's Trust the Man is a witless, charm-free snore that manages to be puerile and condescending, often simultaneously.
Trust the Man is a mildly amusing movie, but that's chiefly a result of its stars -- or, more specifically, its female stars -- elevating the material.
As faux Woody Allen movies go, Trust the Man is one of the more diverting recent entries in the genre, with a top-drawer cast, well-chosen Manhattan locations and a sharper script than Allen himself has managed in a while.
Trust the Man is primarily focused on women trusting men, because the men find it nearly impossible to trust each other.
In the end, you're left feeling a little empty, as if you've been eavesdropping on a conversation in a restaurant and neglected to eat your dinner.
The actors gamely keep up their spirits, but the male characters are too one-dimensional and the female characters too bizarrely divorced from reality to be at all engaging.
Trust The Man, sure. Just don't trust the director of this routine romantic comedy.
Trust the Man is one of those movies in which everyone is a writer, and all the writing sounds the same.
This is the kind of film that is a rip-off for the movie house audience and should have gone direct to DVD.
Trust isn't quite a movie. It's more like a gigantic tidbit, a Tic Tac of a film, minus the minty sensation -- minus any real sensation, in fact.
The real surprise is [Freundlich's] all-out Hollywood ending, with swelling music, crowds of strangers cheering the couples on, and rose petals tossed in the air ... he may have to turn in his indie card.
A movie about Manhattan yuppies whining about their love lives could have been a torturous affair, but Trust The Man is one of the funniest movies of the year.
for all that it is fluffy and simple entertainment, it's also very good.
A spicy romantic comedy about two emotionally illiterate men who wake up just in time and see the error of their stupid ways.
At one point Julianne Moore says to David Duchovny, 'I feel stressed.' She's stressed because she's trapped in a horrible movie!
If a movie that uses the word 'relationship' 7,000 times puts your teeth on edge, stay away.
Opening a film with a small child straining on a toilet and talking about poop isnt just a bad idea; its an invitation to unfortunate metaphor.
With its self-conscious literary references and trendy settings, Trust the Man quickly begins to feel hopelessly derivative of other, better movies.
Trust the Man could easily carry the following subtitle: Men Who Behave Like Petulant, Spoiled Children and the Women Who Decide It's Easier to Love Them As-Is Than To Try to Turn Them Into Grownups.
By the end, I felt empty and unconvinced that I'd spent 103 minutes with genuine personalities.
A touching and often very funny film about real relationships, with a sincere belief in love in all its swooning, complicated glory.
Pity the poor Hollywood husband, trudging along in the shadow of his famous wife while nursing underappreciated artistic ambitions of his own.
Like a few too many of this year's adult offerings, this one is a diversion. It's not unpleasant, but it doesn't offer a 'must see' night at the movies.
The film presents itself as a funny, insightful Manhattan relationship comedy in Woody Allen mode, but morphs into the phoniest of Hollywood rom-coms.
... A lot of big, dumb romantic comedies from name actors and major studios coast by on charm and charisma; why can't a small, dumb romantic comedy from lesser-known talents and micro-studios get the chance to do the same thing?
One of the least enjoyable romantic comedies of the decade.
Don't hate them because they're beautiful. On second thought, go right ahead.
Often falters in its attempt to find humor in the mundane lives of shallow New Yorkers.
For all the promise of a cast led by Julianne Moore and David Duchovny in an urbane, adult chronicle of love and marriage, the movie just strings viewers along through phony contrivance, like any other romantic comedy.
Aims to be more cultivated than the norm, [but] considerably more sour and shrill than most examples of the genre.
A movie of half measures and near-misses.
[The] characters don't mean anything because they don't say anything or do anything that feels rooted in the nitty-gritty of the everyday.
Woody Allen style and then some.
Unfortunately in this New York, no crisis is insurmountable, and no upscale downtown restaurant is deprived of product placement.
Until someone truly reinvents the stagnant romantic-comedy genre, trifles like Bart Freundlich's Trust the Man will have to suffice.
Sharp dialog, superb performances and a congenial tone all win us over, even if it feels somewhat simplistic.
...a cute but thoroughly underwhelming little romantic comedy...
Trust the Man is a wonderfully buoyant and engaging ensemble comedy about the frustrations brought on by love and marriage.
A romantic comedy by design, a form of torture in practice, and an atomic-strength antidote to the romantic impulse in effect.
A smart, sharply observed, highly affable look at contemporary relationships that finally injects a little life in the stagnating genre.




@highlight

What aspires to be a sophisticated, unconventional romantic comedy turns out to be a contrivance-filled pretender to other, better films of its genre.