I'm at a loss to say whether any of this is good or bad, and whether "good and bad" are meaningful words in the first place.
The lowbrow and highfalutin collide in an orgy of upscale disembowelment as director Darren Lynn Bousman gives uneasy birth to the gore opera.
The case for its quality is solid, the music is catchy, and "Repo!" may just destined for cult royalty.
Andrew Lloyd Webber meets SAW!
Repo! isn't like anything else out there, for whatever it's worth, or anything I've ever seen; between us, though, I'm going to hold out for a midnight staple more my speed.
This is a Grand Guignol science fiction rock opera. The plot is minimal and for a rock opera, there is too little real melody.
Falling somewhere between Rocky Horror, Moulin Rouge! and Eyes Without A Face (with songs!), Repo! The Genetic Opera is the filmic equivalent of what architects call a 'folly'.
somewhere between Nine Inch Nails and The Rocky Horror Picture Show
There is too much ambition on display for the film to be completely dismissed, but good intentions carry Repo! only partway toward success.
Truly, the movie doesn't gain a lot from being set to music; after about half an hour it starts to feel like a gimmick.
If you're looking for insight into the death and resurrection of Christ, look no further: I can think of no better means by which to experience the cumulative effect of three days in hell in under 100 minutes.
Repo! lingers long after it ends, due in great part to a handful of memorable tunes and its persistent funky attitude, marked by an impressive desire to savor oddity and unconventional displays of heartache.
No, fans of "Mamma Mia!" won't be too thrilled with "Repo! The Genetic Opera."
[A] gory, off-putting musical, which tries to combine Gothic rock stylings with the grotesque sensibilities of so-called, 'torture-porn' horror-thrillers.
Bousman's editing and camera angles are consistently inventive, and the production design (Blade Runner is a big influence, as is Disneyland's "Haunted Mansion" attraction) squeezes a lot of bang out of every buck.
clearly strives to defy description, which of course makes it fun to describe
As it has evolved from a 10-minute cabaret piece, through a short film Bousman made in Toronto, to the big screen, Repo! The Genetic Opera has gained in both guts and gusto.
Repo! is a bloody grotesquerie, not a delicious delight as was Rocky Horror.
David Cronenberg might have made a great movie with the plot to Repo! The Genetic Opera.
It's not often you come across a film as unique as this, and while my taste for liver, lights, and sweetbreads isn't what it once was, this is still a fine post-Halloween aperitif, with guts to spare.
All-out thriller with few Bond touches but plenty of high-octane action.
I hated this movie.
I don't know if words can describe just how awful and disgusting and insulting this movie was to watch.
People may want to label this emotionally cold curiosity piece as a cult in the making, but such claims might be jumping the gun. The picture doesn't hold nearly enough charm for that.
for all its mish-mash of genres and ideas, it's mostly just a confusing musical.
Gory, goofy musical is bloody and bombastic.
Like a compost of Rocky Horror and Sweeney Todd, but without the floridity or the savage wit.
Certainly in the future, depicted here so stylishly, Andrew Lloyd Webber is probably turning in his grave.
While I don't think it's a masterpiece, the music made it more than worthwhile for me. A sick, fun, and demented musical!
You've never seen anything like Repo! The Genetic Opera. Not that you'd want to.
The smudgy pall cast over everything by director Darren Lynn Bousman might work for a five-minute music video, but it quickly becomes as tiresome as the general air of bombastitude.
The film is bad -- not good-bad, tacky-bad or fun-bad, just plain awful and nearly unwatchable.
Not for all tastes, Repo! The Genetic Opera can boast a lot of imagination and some evident talent.
Bedazzled in blood and soap opera complications, this gothic rock opera features as many sets of on-screen intestines as it does plot points.
For all its glitches and oddities, Repo! impressed me on sheer force of strangeness, originality, and audacity.
Without question, Repo! The Genetic Opera will pop up on worst-movies-of-the-year lists.
Darren Lynn Bousman, the director of several Saw sequels, has devised an excruciating new torture with Repo! The Genetic Opera.
Repo! The Genetic Opera proves to be a rare work of artistic ambition and integrity even if the ultimately depth of its impact may be limited to the viewer's appetite for severed body parts, singing and a serious lot of eyeliner.
It's remarkable that none of this proves exhausting.
Repo! is definitely out there in the sci-fi stratosphere, like Philip K. Dick on a tab of Timothy Leary's acid ... but if you can dig it, join the GraveRobber and his fiends on the big screen.
A movie in search of a cult. Good luck.
In the hands of another director, Repo! might have achieved true midnight-movie status, but in this incarnation it's closer to a nine p.m. affair.
Bad-good in the way the Rocky Horror Picture Show must have seemed to nuns, except without the shock, musicality, or Meat Loaf
This goth rock opera features buckets of gore, a campy score and melodrama galore in a calculated effort to become a 21st-century Rocky Horror Picture Show. Its creative juices, however, are strictly anemic.
Repo! might have been an SNL or MADtv skit, but as a movie, it should be repossessed by its financiers.
Deserves points for showing some guts in a year of bland musicals ... It's just too bad the music's so one-note.
Check out the trailer before you commit to this one; if it's for you, you'll know instantly. And if it's not, you'll know that, too.
Talented actors are involved, and I will spare them by not citing their names.
Kinky, sexy, gory and campy, Repo! The Genetic Opera may be an unwieldy mess, but it's a fun unwieldy mess.
While it may be unfair to compare Repo! to Whedon's Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog, a vastly superior three-webisode-long comic- book musical, it's necessary.
If steampunk bloodbaths aren't for you, it's a long wait for the fat lady to sing.
So embarrassing that, for the first time, I wanted to avert my eyes from the screen, although that might have also been because Repo! appears to have been shot with a cell phone.
Rips off heavy metal and horror aesthetics to absolutely dismal effect.
Give me torture porn any day.
Delivers atonal music at an unvarying loud pitch and is directed by a fellow who must have been taking a nap throughout all of its volume.
If you're a fan of musicals, I GUARANTEE that this will become a cult classic in your collection, for everyone else this is a unique film that - whether it's good or bad - will give you a new theatrical experience. And that's something special in this day



@highlight

Bombastic and intentionally gross, Repo! The Genetic Opera has a unique style but lacks the wit and substance to be involving.