Highly involving revenge thriller featuring yet another top-notch performance from the great Denzel Washington.
Extremely violent; not for kids.
"Man On Fire" is remake of a notoriously dreadful 1987 movie, based on the same-titled novel by A.J. Quinnell, and it fares little better here with Tony Scott ("Spy Game") directing with a flamboyant use of flashy subtitles and camera techniques lifted f
Scott tries too hard to look like Ridley Scott's films with similar and derivative style, and hazy cinematography...
A down-and-dirty revenge tale that packs an emotional punch.
Visually the film is nice, but the images are in service to a violent and ugly film.
Un bon divertissement de masse, non exempt d'intelligence.
Mean-spirited; one of the year's 10 worst
[It suggests] that John Creasy -- J.C. -- is a Christ figure: scars, prayers, acting as savior. But where Christ overcomes evil with good, J.C. uses heavy artillery.
Serves up revenge, loud bangs, grisly deaths and heavy symbolism in Mexico with some relish - and extra cheese.
"One of those rare treats -- an original and ingenious take on an otherwise formulaic idea."
I couldn't help thinking afterwards how harebrained the whole adventure was. Yet Washington is so charming, so charismatic, and so heroic in his role, he makes the movie.
Shamelessly manipulative and sadistically violent a new low for both Washington and Scott, and one of the nastier bits of business in quite some time.
Giving credit to Mexico City as 'a very special place' after spending two hours depicting it as the worst hellhole in the hemisphere shows how clueless the director can be.
For those who flinched at watching Denzel go crooked in "Training Day," you may want to hide under your seat as he goes absolutely twisted here.
Em nenhum dos filmes de vingança produzidos recentemente a retórica eleitoreira e bélica de Bush tornou-se tão visível quanto em Poder de Fogo.
Helgeland's screenplay is too lazy to investigate Washington's viciousness. This promising movie winds up spinning its wheels in a conventionally dopey action plot.
The chemistry between Washington and Fanning is the main reason why the story works. Without it, Man on Fire would just be a big dumb loud violent music video.
Exemplifies a widely-held mindset of its era, one that calls for simplistic, brutal solutions to highly complex, awful things that are happening in the world.
It has just enough weight and depth to feel like it means something. I don't think it actually DOES mean anything, but it gives the illusion of it nicely.
[W]hat may take the jaded viewer aback is the amount of time [Tony Scott] dedicates to character development before heading down the inevitable trail of bloody revenge.
The simplicity of the story doesn't just make for a mediocre movie; it's designed to exploit the audience... The fact that audiences are so ready to embrace such torture and brutality should give us pause.
Because of Washington's superb gifts and stores of charisma, he can be casual in the way he exercises them, even in a method of interrogation never seen on NYPD.
Character development consists of sticking a bottle in Creasy's hand.
At an excruciating 145 minutes...just an extended-play version of Walking Tall. Instead of the Rock exploding after a slow burn, it's Denzel Washington's turn.
Overstylized and burdened by its chaotic, quick-cut editing. But its performances save it.
Suffice it to say nothing about this pumped-up, hyperthyroidal Tony Scott revenge flick makes sense, but it takes two hours to kill off as many people and demolish as many vehicles as Charles Bronson used to do in 30 minutes.
Fanning/Washington are a talented combo, but she leaves half way through
Heavy-handed and stiff, Tony Scott's film is longwinded and irritatingly reminiscent -- stylistically at least -- of the works of David Fincher.
Washington gives a strong performance in this otherwise distasteful piece of ultra-violent exploitation ...
Looks like it was shot by a cat having a fit in a bucket of catsup.
With every caption dancing across the screen to overstate the obvious, it plays like a feature-length PSA for thetruth.com - only this time, the drug is kidnapping.
[Director Tony] Scott's meaningless stylistics immediately grate on the nerves.
As the screen fades to black, we are left thinking about the characters, not the carnage.
By avoiding politics, Man on Fire avoids responsibility. It's without purpose.
Intentional or not, Man on Fire's over-the-top evocation of Christian retribution goes a long way to making this otherwise standard revenge fantasy watchable.
Artfully polished, but an inhumanely cruel, repetitive, murderous vendetta casts a dreary shadow over the last hour of the film.
...un drame solide, sombre, efficace et porté par une qualité de performances qu'on voit trop rarement dans ce genre de film.
Seriously, someone needs to stage an intervention, sit Scott down, and tell him that repeated jump cuts, slow-motion shots, and fiddling around with the exposure don't enhance the viewing experience, they detract from it.
I'm recommending Man on Fire for that bold style, its unapologetic comic book story arc, and the great performances from Denzel Washington, Christopher Walken and young Dakota Fanning.
If you need a Denzel-fix, Washington's got some piquant assassin-at-work scenes; otherwise the movie never rises above a slow boil.
A serious drama that spends careful camera time with its characters. Some plot problems, but this picture has a strong heart underneath a harsh surface.
Good performances, good story, but with stylistic overload... It should be called Man On Fire Who Won't Be Deterred By Gunshots Or Bad Direction.
When Man on Fire is good, it's really good.
Wow - what if Charles Bronson were around to see this? His "Death Wish" character would right in with these violent revenge-focused movies.
Man on Fire is the film The Punisher should've been.
It's a morally vacuous button-pusher with the soul of a sneaker commercial.
Instead of looking at the corruption of its location, Man on Fire is more interested in the chemistry between Denzel and Dakota. Cue up the AMBER alert.
Uncompromising and plausibly compelling.
Fine action-intrigue.
This movie isn't just about a kidnapping; it is a kidnapping, and we're the hostages.
It sure ain't deep and it certainly isn't unique, but Man on Fire injects a lot of new life into a simple old tale of ***-kickin' revenge.
A 'masterpiece of death'? I don't think so.
Incredibly revolting!
The only thing more nausea-inducing than [the film's] sensationalist bits of violence is Scott's macabre glee in fetishizing it.
Man on Fire is a project that should have been doused long before it reached its conclusion.
A notch above your average genre movie.
The irony of Man on Fire's success is that its premise sounds like just the kind of middle-concept idea that director Scott would normally bring low.
Despite a red-hot performance by Washington as the antiheroic, self-annihilating title character, the film as a whole, while possessing a kind of vicious beauty, feels as cold and as embalmed as a corpse.
A predictable, gruesome piece of business that tries to ennoble one-man vigilante justice with the star power of Denzel Washington.
Long and torturous.
This film is a good thriller that could have been toned down a couple of notches.
Overlong, off-putting and at times sadistic.
This is garbage, but it's entertaining garbage.
Denzel Washington is an actor of such magnetic conviction that he could read Schopenhauer to earthworms and probably hold their interest. But in 'Man on Fire' he has to haul around so much guilt and threat and doom that he seems ready to sag from rot.
Trash is trash, no matter how expensive or arty it looks, or how well-acted it is.
What should have been a tight, crisply told narrative becomes a lumbering bore under Scott's self-impressed direction.
The movie is in love with death, and even if that doesn't bother you, you won't be able to stomach the preposterous narrative and visual manipulations that director Tony Scott unleashes in this Tony Scottiest of films.
You'd have to call Man on Fire a mess, but at least it's an interesting mess.
A depressingly gory parade of vengeance.
Man on Fire awakens a genuine sense of bloodlust in the viewer.
As Man on Fire lumbers to its conclusion, the giddiness wears off and a certain tedium sets in.
A compelling, top-notch film that delivers all the thrills, twists and drama it promises.
This epic-length film delivers the breaktaking action and violence that genre fans require, and does it with gritty realism that drives it home with a thudding, visceral impact.
The movie appeals to baser instincts, and Scott's heavy-handed button-pushing stacks the deck.
If your idea of a bargain is two bad movies for the price of one, then shell out for Man on Fire.
Man on Fire lacks the depth to truly ignite the screen, so instead does a slow, steady burn. It singes beautifully, but never explodes.
Easily the best of the recent spate of cynical and violent revenge/vigilante dramas.
The movie sometimes feels as if it's at odds with itself.
Brain Hegeland's script offers a trio of endings, a bit much for a movie that lasts nearly 2 1/2 hours.
Punch drunk with sadism and sentimentality.
A highly watchable action thriller with one big flaw: It feels like two different movies aimed at two different audiences.
Tony Scott's Man on Fire employs superb craftsmanship and a powerful Denzel Washington performance in an attempt to elevate genre material above its natural level, but it fails.
Man on Fire is as ludicrous as John Q, Virtuosity and Out of Time, yet substantially more violent, artificial, self-conscious and dull.
With Man on Fire, Scott has literally blown the roof off his own indulgence, going so far over the top that even longtime defenders may begin to question his judgment.
Ponderous and bloated.
...based on its ratio of production costs to quality alone, [Man on Fire] may prove to be the worst movie of 2004.
a potentially absorbing thriller that Tony Scott demolishes with hundreds of unnecessarily arty effects... take along the extra-strength pain reliever of your choice...
That Creasy finds his motivation in the exploitation of American white girls by dark-skinned enemies is a complication this movie can't begin to outline.
Rampant with religious symbolism, and fueled by ... vigilante subtext, audiences will be hard-pressed to find another film this year which pushes any of the same hot buttons.
Tony Scott's thunderous action thriller sets the audience aflame
[T]he definitive sign that we have entered a new era of harsh vigilante brutality passing for entertainment.
Maybe the film should be called Man on Fire Whose Bleeding Gunshot Wounds Won't Stop Him.
For all of its 2 1/2 -hour running time, Man on Fire plays more like Man on Low Simmer.
Denzel Washington is walking death in Tony Scott's showy but chillingly real revenge film.
State-of-the-art Hollywood production...Unfortunately, it also represents the nadir of Hollywood pandering to audience tastes for ever more titillating violence.
Unlike the recent comic book adaptation, The Punisher, Creasy doesn't waste time and when he puts on his avenging wings WATCH OUT because he is going to PUNISH!
Such a talent pool on both sides of the camera makes much of Man on Fire well worth watching.
Washington's charisma and Fanning's old-soul charm hoist this revenge film above the rest.
The problem mainly comes when Man on Fire's vindictive rush starts to fade, leaving time to think about what's onscreen.
A vicious, uncompromising look at the effects of a kidnapping in Latin America.
Dakota Fanning's preternatural acting ability is almost frightening, and Fire takes a big hit when her character disappears with 90 minutes left.
Feels almost like two different movies, one after the other, but both entertain in their own way.
Tries to justify revenge by hooking it into the myth of redemptive violence -- it doesn't work.
Seventeen years from now, we may well remember this version of the story -- just as one remembers getting hammered on the head repeatedly with a 2-by-4.
Clint Eastwood and Charles Bronson made the vigilante the true urban cowboy. But I think even they would blanch at the hero of Man on Fire.
Director Tony Scott's visual style is very jittery and more expressionistic than it needs to be, but he succeeds in creating an appropriately nightmarish, apocalyptic vision of the Third World south of the border.
One of the longest, dumbest and most savage revenge fantasies extant.
Overblown, hyperactive.
While Washington has a sullen physicality, he is just too good and too smart of an actor to be credible as a character that is a bit more up Vin Diesel's alley.
At 142 minutes, Man on Fire is too long, but watching the mystery unravel is still jolly good fun.
A wasted opportunity.
At times, Man on Fire seems like it was filmed by a camera attached to a nervous hummingbird.
Watching one of our finest actors calmly torture and mutilate his victims makes Man on Fire reprehensible, not thought-provoking.
[Scott] cares too much about stylishness to let the festering ugliness of true vigilantism stain his carefully art-directed mise-en-scene.
Man on Fire is slick and handsomely made -- even the subtitles have a stylish energy -- but its slickness feels inappropriate because the movie is unsettling in ways it never grapples with.
A better-than- average example of a revenge flick.
Two hours and 20 minutes of the most out-of-control filmmaking you've seen since your Jack Russell terrier grabbed the Handicam off the coffee table, mistaking it for a tug toy.
[Washington] plays a cliched character in a by-the-numbers plot, but manages to make both acceptable on the sheer power of his screen presence.
A movie of two unreconcilable halves.
Starts off as a good example of super-glitz moviemaking, gradually turns into a movie on fire -- another helter-skelter, big-studio spending spree.
Think of it: Walken and Rourke in the same movie. That alone is worth the price of a ticket.
An over-big, over-loud, over-heated, over-long, over-everything mess of a story about this year's most popular movie topic, revenge.
...Scott's style is assaultive.
Man on Fire is a very good movie because [Director Tony] Scott sets the perfect tone and mood.
Features solid characterizations, interesting twists and turns, suspense, action, drama and about as many creative ways of accentuating the action as I've ever seen.
This is a dark but wonderfully created picture of friendship and love.
[E]xacts its most painful retribution upon the keisters of those assembled to view it.
Man on Fire shares plot, and plot twists, with Ransom, but it replaces that film's claustrophobic intensity with Michael Bay-style overkill that's unnecessary.
Man On Fire becomes riveting in (Washington's) calm, meticulous rage. But gradually it's also undermined by Scott's non-stop, hopped-up-on-crystal-meth-style editing.
Has moments of brilliance -- and by that I mean actual, best-of-the-decade-maybe genius -- but is hampered somewhat by a dreary and repetitive middle section.
Its callous fixation on violence is merely a lame pose meant to distract us from its soggy redemptive core.
One of the more absorbing and palatable entries in the rather disreputable Death Wish-style self-appointed vigilante sub-genre.
Man on Fire feels vaguely like something left over from the 1980s, when action heroes were one-note tough guys methodically picking off baddies.
The first (nonreligious) sure thing to hit the multiplex this year.
Despite its high craft level and Washington's participation in it, this movie's showy violence is finally as deadening as the over-emphatic violence in these kinds of films generally is.
A coldly violent revenge drama that tarts up scenes of wanton sadism with lush art direction, and a spiritual story that invokes serious struggle and prayer for atmosphere rather than content.
Cruelly underwritten but wildly overproduced, this latest Hollywood example of the vigilante vengeance movie is...at once sensorily fatiguing and intellectually dispiriting.
[Scott's] fondness for intrusive, fake-stylish camera tricks -- jump cuts, speeded-up montages, abrupt changes in light, color saturation and focal depth -- has overwhelmed whatever story sense he once possessed.
Scott's laudable attempt to push the envelope emotionally can't quite overcome the screenplay's limitations
Revenge films take another bump.
The film is always watchable, and the confrontations contain undeniable edgy excitement. But even if this weren't a remake, it would be a remake.
Movie is needlessly riddled with self-inflicted wounds.
Revealing of the seething core of terror, wrath, and provincialism in our America.



















@highlight

Man on Fire starts out well, but goes over the top in the violent second half.