Roman Polanski, adapting a play by Yasmina Reza into a Brooklyn kammerspiel, turns Buñuel's "The Exterminating Angel" into a non-fantastic comedic farce of banal bourgeois pettiness.
I doubt whether anyone will recognize elements of themselves within these characters, and without that, one can't identify enough with any of the protagonists to bring about the kind of discomfort that comes with the self-recognition of human failing.
"Carnage" is just another in a long line of improbable movie depictions of New York as seen in "Sex and the City" and other such drivel.
The funniest movie I saw last year. A short, tart, altogether delectable slice of misanthropy.
The acting marathon is adroitly blocked and paced by Polanski and impeccably shot by Pawel Edelman.
While the film, at a staggering and quick 80 minute runtime, plays exceedingly well off the energy of the performers, the downfall ultimately lies in a "loss of steam" vigor that is evident by picture's end.
Few recent movies have been this perceptive about such immediate human conflicts, much less this funny.
Running a mere 80 minutes, "Carnage" still feels longer than it should.
Statically filmed by Polanski the film version lacks punch and zest.
A veteran of stage-to-screen adaptations, the filmmaker in exile turns to Yasmina Reza's God of Carnage for his latest and shortest feature, but on this occasion, the translation harvests little from its perhaps meager source.
An intriguingly verbose film about adult arguments, which aren't that different from playground jousts.
This is an actors' movie, although it's not always pleasant. Waltz has the most fun, and is the most enjoyable to watch. He also exchanges dialogue with Winslet that best sums up the story's absurdist nature: "Why are we still in this house?"
[Polanski] has crafted a bizarre little film that runs only about 75 minutes, uses one location, and only four characters who spend most of the film sitting/standing around talking or shouting at each other, yet the film is engaging and entertaining.
Carnage is ... very accessible, really enjoyable and, thanks mostly to a brilliant cast with an undeniable talent for comedy, really rather funny.
Given the powerhouse performers involved, this thing should have gone off like a powder keg, but [director Roman] Polanski apparently directed the film by text...A terrible film.
Carnage is neatly directly, sharply scripted and outstandingly performed drama. It's voyeuristic, it's relevant and it's hilarious.
A delightfully uncivilised car-crash of a meeting.
I thought the highlight of the film was after the guests eat Foster's homemade fruit cobbler, Winslet vomits over hubby and Foster's precious coffee table books.
Carnage is ... more of a curiosity than a major experience - but it's fun and funny, and sometimes that's enough.
Parents and married couples, especially, will get a lot out of the biting commentary in Carnage. Not a cinematic triumph but a good way to flex the frontal lobe of your brain for a bit.
Each character seems to be rushing through their arguments and it's as if every single word has been over thought.
The only thing worse than watching good actors turn in bad performances is witnessing a good director go with the motions, which is exactly what Polanski does here.
Although the play isn't quite as successful or penetrating on screen, it works as an entertainingly vicious doubles tennis match between two pairs of terrific actors.
Polanski hasn't had this much fun in years and neither, by the looks of things, has his cast. A wickedly dark delight.
The screenplay develops beautifully as layer after layer of civilised behaviour is pared back. The awkward interaction of parents about their boys switches gear to become a hostile interaction of couples about their inner demons and relationship struggles
It's fascinating, confronting and often extremely funny in the way only real life situations can be
Foster and Winslet have to endure total mental breakdowns and disintegrate their characters' closely guarded personas. Although it hardly needs to be said at this point in their decorated careers, they're fantastic.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The characters' all-round unpleasantness, and the film's merciless mirth-making with their failings, keeps things buoyantly, bleakly funny.
The work of a master, this wickedly funny film is beautifully orchestrated and controlled.
It's ghastly but utterly riveting. Reza is merciless in her dissection of social hypocrisy and she finds a ruthlessly efficient accomplice in Polanski.
A short and trifling thing.
The film is well able to make us think exactly how we might have behaved in similar circumstances.
It's an acting tour-de-force, the tension heightened by the claustrophobic setting...
Roman Polanski's sharp, short and stagily-shot adaptation of the Olivier Award-winning play God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza.
It's difficult not to feel that this would be more enjoyable watched in a theatre.
Short and bittersweet, it actually feels a little too brief at less than 80 minutes - and I doubt the characters would get drunk so quickly - but far better that than it dragging on.
Tensions mount, tempers fray and platitudes are thrown out of the window but Polanski's comedy of spite is hilarious, cathartic and perfectly-portioned.
A tightly wound, enjoyably cynical little chamber piece that features four indecently entertaining performances courtesy of Kate Winslet, Jodie Foster, Christoph Waltz and John C Reilly.
Polanski directs with an alertness and mordant wit we haven't seen from him for decades.
Some serious injury here, but not carnage.
One suspects that Alan is the closest thing to Polanski's spirit on-screen, and indeed it is Polanski himself who is the God of Carnage here, overseeing a deliciously brutal assassination of bourgeois dishonesty.
Polanski's theatrical film is a breath of comedic fresh air at the box office, and a highly entertaining must-see.
When it comes to being stuck in an apartment, Polanski still knows how to make an audience squirm.
Polanski's craftsmanship makes this chamber piece one of his more accomplished films.
Under Polanski's direction, the subtle switching of allegiances and steady erosion of airs and pretensions make their middle-class meltdown a joy to behold.
Brief, brutal and barmy.
Roman Polanski and Yasmina Reza have adapted Reza's award-winning play God Of Carnage into a short, sharp, spare flick.
A shot of pure, exhilarating cinematic malice.
Is it outrageous to expect a Roman Polanski movie titled 'Carnage' to have a little more bite?
There is venom to be found in the words coming out of these characters' respective mouths, listening to it as frightening as it is entertaining.
An extremely black comedy of physical confinement and social breakdown from a man well acquainted -- in his life and his art -- with the shifting boundaries of accountability, culpability and freedom of expression and movement.
A four-way of furious awkwardness played with consummate skill.
The purging never ceases to illuminate the edges of jagged language and its impact on parents who thought they could avoid acting like kids.
The comedy is bitter and uncompromising.
A good chance to reflect on the considerable mechanical skill of the numerous people involved, which is a perfectly fine and not terrifically edifying way to spend 80 minutes.
...an overly neat, smug movie that, like the helicopter parents it pretends to satirize, is all about reassuring rather than instructing.
Polanski masterfully orchestrates all the mind-game mayhem, although he above all filmmakers constantly reminds us how important it is to separate the artist's personal life from his public offerings.
The scenery may be thin, but Waltz chews it with wolfish abandon.
The script is full of mean-spiritedness, insensitivity, hypocrisy and projectile vomiting, all of which was frightfully hysterical on stage. Though it should have been an easy transition to film, especially directed by Polanski, it fails miserably.
"Carnage", with a modest budget of $25 million, may well find its audience if for no other reason than the cast that Polanski has assembled.
Where previously we felt as trapped in Polanski's apartments as his characters, in Carnage we only ever peek in through the window.
Roman Polanski keeps things moving at a quick pace, so Carnage rises above its inherent cinematic limitations.
A pistol-shot paced comedy-drama featuring four outstanding performances. Loved it!
Fortunately, Roman Polanski has a dream cast to lean on in his brainy but talky comedy of manners.
Carnage is confined chaos and unusually short at 87 minutes, ending with the abruptness of a curtain dropping. It's very possible to wonder what all this hostility means when it's over, and not have an answer.
We could watch these people bicker for hours.
Given the Oscar pedigree of the people who made it, one can't be blamed for expecting a bit more from it, but there's definite value here, particularly in a pair of great performances.
As funny as 'Bridesmaids' and almost as gross...
The acting is sublime but you feel like you're eavesdropping on something that shouldn't really concern you and that you ought to tune out.
The actors seem to have fun, particularly Foster, working against type as the thoroughly unlikable Penelope. But "Carnage" isn't nearly as bloody as it thinks it is.
A slow disintegration of the thin veneer of social niceties, revealing the human animalism underneath. Like Reza's equally popular Art, God of Carnage isn't as deep as it would have you believe, but both plays are catnip for actors.
[A] near-total waste of time and talent.
One of those movies that tears back the curtain of civility to reveal what people truly think and feel, which leads to plenty of hearty laughs and some shocks.
What are supposed to be transgressive observations about the holy state of parenthood and matrimony instead come across as self-satisfied and shallow as the pieties Reza intends to puncture.
If we grant that "Carnage" is a low-impact exercise in stripping away the social veneer, it's nonetheless brisk and enjoyable.
Intelligent and quite funny -- sometimes savagely so.
As you watch "Carnage" you begin to feel trapped. You want these diatribes to end, but your curiosity is so aroused that you can't wait to see the next escalation in these battles of words.
In real life, hyper-controlling metropolitan parents would not waste this much time on people they loathe.
The astonishing Waltz steals the picture, possibly because he's the one with a rational perspective (despite his telephonic obsessiveness): He sees the whole exercise as pointless. Ultimately, so do we.
Foster is particularly impressive in a stridently unattractive role, as the pinched, angry liberal who's orchestrated the meeting but doesn't get quite the apology she wants.
A sly and ultimately devastating story about the thin veneer of civilization and its uneasy co-existence with the savage spirit within us all.
Skillfully acted by Jodie Foster, John C. Reilly, Christoph Waltz and Kate Winslet, [it's a] compact verbal slugfest.
Taut as a snare drum, Roman Polanski's claustrophobic Carnage is a tightly wound piece of filmmaking that crackles with tension.
An odd little chamber piece, "Carnage" plays out like a very tense meeting from which you can't wait to depart.
You may recognize the arrogance and anxieties, the class resentments and domestic bile, from your PTA's most recent talent night. More likely, they're as close as the nearest mirror.
Drives home an oft-observed truth with wit and style. It's thin, but then so is a knife between your ribs.
A brilliantly discomfiting comedy of frustration.
Think Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, but then think fun.
"Carnage" is subtly different from the play "God of Carnage," but the appeal remains the same: watching sharp actors yell at each other while civilization breaks down in a Brooklyn condo.
This has black comedy potential, but "Carnage" is less gruesome fun that it might have been, and for a surprising reason - the performances.
The entire point of Carnage is to poke fun at the fragile civility of the upper-middle class - they're all animals inside! - but how much more fun would this material have been if the story hadn't been about polite white people?
"Carnage" is an accident waiting to happen.
"Carnage" becomes a lesson in how to handle a willfully claustrophobic assignment with panache.
The point isn't the plot, it's the performances. Here four familiar actors seem ideally cast for their roles.
When cold apple-pear cobbler is enough to undo Jodie Foster's mother of the victim when everyone's still trying to be nice, there isn't anywhere else to go but down.
As befits someone with jail time hanging over his head, Roman Polanski does his best work in close quarters.
It doesn't have any real bite, nor does the verbal sparring between these four supercilious dopes amount to anything out of the ordinary.
Great material, and it's got a really great sense of momentum.
Embattled filmmaker Roman Polanski has always been drawn to the dark sides of humanity, so it's no surprise he'd be drawn to the play "Carnage."
A film that makes its audience feel as trapped as its characters.
A deeply uncomfortable yet very funny film, featuring a quartet of standout performances.
A comedy? Lazy, tedious Polanski. It's all about putting on and taking off coats. Moviegoers will not rush out to the theater after seeing this.
The thin veneer of civilization cracks fast in Carnage, a darkly funny comedy of manners about how we live now.
...a criminally undercooked piece of work...
The stage play origins are obvious in the stodgy, one set shoot that makes the film feel claustrophobic. At least "Virginia Woolf" went outside for a while.
Despite the efforts of an impressive cast, the film starts out stale and then just gets tedious.
Carnage is a comedy of claustrophobia and revealed truths, and Polanski knows both all too well.
"This is getting to be, like, who cares?" says one character toward the end of "Carnage." They couldn't be more right.
Enjoyable enough on the surface, but it's essentially meretricious--so much, in fact, that you'll be a bit ashamed at having had a fairly good time watching it.
...can be funny, but it's contrived and relentless.
Carnage smacks us in the face with our own contradictions.
Seeing these four actors launching Reza's zingers at each other at high speed is pretty much worth the price of admission all by itself, and one thing you always know about Polanski is that he won't waste your time.
Thanks to a few nice comic turns and a crisp final 10 minutes, this comedy of bad manners just barely manages to rise above its own calculated chaos.
Amusing as some of this is, after a while I wanted out.
Carnage seems to be a pretty good movie, but I have no way of evaluating it without comparing it to the play on which it's based, God of Carnage, which I saw on Broadway with a perfect cast...
Even as you admire the film's construction, it's hard to shake the thought that a lot of talent got thrown away on the wrong project.
The film version of Carnage hasn't just lost God from its title, it's lost the laughs from the play that brought it life.
For a great 4-character stage-to-screen adaptation see Jack Goes Boating. Or revisit Virginia Woolf. As for Carnage? Bloodless.
Eventually, the characters - and the film - find their belligerent groove.
Talky play-based film examines parental woes; some swearing.
Tedious and self-congratulatory. Wears out its welcome after about a half hour.
A great deal of Carnage's appeal lies in watching talented actors flip out on each other in close quarters.
Polanski is a master at shooting this sort of thing. Anyone who's seen his nimble adaptation of Death And The Maiden knows he can turn a static drama into a pulsing, unnerving endurance test.
A movie like this is an actor's dream, and all four players turn in excellent work.
If the original drama seemed designed to make patrons feel smarter than they were, its new director does the same favor for the playwright.
This awkward adaptation of the stage play comes off as an acting exercise but little else.
Polanski's tremendous skill with creating dramatic tension ensures that we're in for a gripping as well as a very funny ride.
While the talented quartet play these hypocritical sorts with finesse, the story grows tiresome, its cynical point made early and often.
This kind of material is never going to warm anyone's heart, but done as well as it is here, this pitiless verbal farce can provide bleak satisfactions of its own.
One of those instances where staying close to the enclosed action of the stage version is the perfect cinematic choice.
You're always aware that you're watching filmed theater.
For those who enjoy a tastefully decorated thunderdome of dehumanization, Carnage is captivating kick to the face.
I was put off by the acting, or more properly by the spectacle of good actors dutifully following leaden direction, and equally by the writing, which is as thin as the veneer of civilization it purports to peel back.
an actor's playground, with Winslet and Foster practically leaping off the screen with the fearsome ridiculousness of their performances
The craftsmanship is obvious - there's no flashiness here, just lots of micro-control. But the picture is less artistic than it is artisinal.
Often very funny and bitingly incisive. Yet, like a visit to friends you don't really care for, you kind of can't wait to leave.
As a portrait of anxious, status-conscious Brooklyn parents living in a chiaroscuro of self-righteousness and guilt, "Carnage" misses its mark badly.
Overall, it's not really the actors or the director who are to blame. It's the lousy material. The saving grace is that it's only 80 minutes. But even that felt too long.
Roman Polanski's agreeably, then gratuitously, nasty adaptation of Yasmina Reza's play God Of Carnage.
Polanski has earned the right to pursue his career-long demons of confinement and anarchy even in a minor film like this. But Carnage is not the word for what he's perpetrated here. Minor irritation is more like it.
No one makes sense in Reza's world of glittering mockery.
Carnage is satisfied to be an absolutely virtuoso piece of cinema craft, and to give its excellent cast multiple opportunities to show off their comedic chops, which are considerable.
Scathing and funny and cynical about contemporary society and the hypocritical way we live now, Carnage may not be the dream movie I expected, but it has a dream cast of pure, unimpeachable ensemble perfection.
It is not simply about the breakdown of civilized behavior. It's about the very untwining of the ties that shelter civilization from the dominance of self-interest.
In his crisp and beautifully composed close-ups, every strangled smile and impatient eye-roll is a mini-symphony of discomfort.
The whole enterprise feels slight, not exactly undercooked so much as lavished with unearned commitment.
Not even Polanski can find grit in its silly provocations.
Even as it successfully evokes the single location as a pressure cooker for heightened behavior, its take on the psychological and emotional side effects of such an airless situation never transcends the obvious.
A nasty spat between two couples over the course of an evening may not sound like a fun flick, but like any act of carnage, it's hard to turn away.
Carnage suffers from a common problem that afflicts many stage-to-screen adaptations: too much artifice and contrivance.
This acid-drenched four-hander never shakes off a mannered, hermetic feel that consistently betrays its theatrical origins.
Rarely have actors worked so hard to pull off such thin material, despite Roman Polanski expertly doing everything expected of him in the driver's seat.
What leaves me deeply uncomfortable is the purely cinematic postscript Polanski tacks on to Yasmina Reza's play... It suggests that any moral outrage that erupts over a wrongdoing is wasted energy and anger...
The actors (all likely to be in awards contention) are clearly enjoying themselves.
Sharply written and smartly directed, this is an enjoyable, blackly comic drama with terrific performances from all four leads, though it's also something of a one-joke movie.
Though repetitious, this photographed play is brutal, witty, funny and scary.
Totally overrated- just like the play.
Involving portrait of two couples meeting to smooth out the rough edges of a mutual problem who wind up letting loose all the anger, disappointment, and hatred inside themselves.
A taut, laugh-out-loud comedy with four powerhouse performances.
Yes, this is an adaptation of one of those plays where loathsome well-to-do socialites of various flavors come together to methodically reveal just how loathsome they are.
This brutally edgy, biting comedy is slick, simmering and scathing - with a suitably ironic conclusion.
A vast improvement over its source material. The movie is tighter, less literal/pretentious in its staging, and--most importantly for a comedy--funnier...Christoph Waltz is a particular standout. One of the ten best films of 2011.
In the mayhem-for-minutes stakes, few films can dream to live up to the sheer economy of Roman Polanski's deliciously acid-tongued 79-minute chamber piece.
Carnage is one of the funniest and most intelligent films of the year.
Foster, Reilly, Winslet and Waltz (four Oscar wins among them) share a preternatural gift for imbuing even the quietest moments with extraordinary, unconventional feeling.
Relatively light-hearted for a Polanski film (no one dies), Carnage is fun verbal warfare cleanly filmed.
Nobody makes a trapped-in-a-house-slowly-going-insane movie quite like Roman Polanski.
Great cast... all in the wrong roles. By singling out the characters and isolating them instead of letting them breathe as a group, Polanski kills the rhythm of the piece.
Polanski's interest in the play makes sense, but the real star of the show is the casting director.
... All is not as it seems and 18-year-old Scotch effectively loosens tongues and emotions. The movie is wickedly funny and Polanski clearly had a blast shooting it on a Paris set dressed to look like Brooklyn.
Offsets its familiar thematic arguments with deliciously nasty wit and fractured, tension-wracked visual framing.
Brief, explosively funny, and sardonic as hell "Carnage" is what you might get if you condensed three of Woody Allen's early films into a 75 minute one-act. This movie is a kick.
Fast, furious and often funny.
Roman Polanski ensures that Carnage's images, like its words, cut through us like a knife.
A quick and witty character-based piece showcasing four unquestionable talents.
Artistically, this farce is a minor film from Polanski whose ineffective effort to open up the play sacrifices its wit, tension, and tempo. Jodie Foster and John C. Reilly are miscast, but Winslet and Waltz are good.
Snappy, nasty, deftly acted and perhaps the fastest paced film ever directed by a 78-year-old, this adaptation of Yasmina Reza's award-winning play God of Carnage fully delivers the laughs and savagery of the stage piece...
The acting comes at full throttle while the pacing cranks up the tension in agonising, incremental degrees.
It's well-acted and giddily enjoyable, if slightly less so once the characters start to analyse their descent into barbarism.
Celebrates an old-fashioned, underrated cinematic pleasure: the chance to see an ensemble cast of fine actors sparring with each other, and at the top of their game.


@highlight

It isn't as compelling on the screen as it was on the stage, but Carnage makes up for its flaws with Polanski's smooth direction and assured performances from Winslet and Foster.