Son is a pretty entertaining little shoot 'em up, almost entirely thanks to McGregor. Grizzled but wiry, he has the presence of a coiled spring, ready to launch at any moment.
Even a vampish Vikander can't make the perfectly pleasant JR exciting. In truth he's more son of a nun.
When the focus is firmly on McGregor and Thwaites, the movie crackles; the actors rip into the toxic father-son dynamic between their characters, and their rapport gives the key action sequences a real kick.
Julius Avery wrote and directed with an eye toward a fast pace and grim atmospherics.
It's done extremely well and with a great deal of verve.
A reasonably engaging thriller, Son of a Gun is most notable for reminding us of that Ewan McGregor still possesses that irresistibly dangerous and edgy quality that propelled him to stardom in Shallow Grave and Trainspotting.
This may not be the brightest thriller in the cinema, but it's made with such a ripping sense of energy that it's thoroughly entertaining.
This is a film of tough men doing tough things, of shoot outs and car chases, and of backstabbing double crosses. This is what has been missing from action cinema lately, and it is refreshing and exciting to see something so propulsive.
The tension comes and goes and crime thriller cliches are dutifully observed (call it a B+ movie), but writer-director Julius Avery displays a muscular touch behind the camera.
The implausibility of the narrative sinks "Son of a Gun." And, the performances fail to heighten the experience.
A not-so-thrilling heist thriller that drones along mechanically between explosions and car crashes with Ewan McGregor, who is making entirely too many movies these days, none of them worth writing home about.
Part gritty prison drama, part hard-boiled gangster thriller and part crafty heist caper, Son of a Gun switches genres with profligate ease.
Unlikely discussions about the differences between chimps and bonobos provide sub-Tarantino laughs, and the heist is handled with stripped-down B-movie efficiency.
Although the hectic genre-swapping action should keep you marginally entertained, you'll be able to guess precisely what's going to happen long before it actually does.
A nerve-wracking thrill ride with surprises, wit and no small amount of heart, Son of a Gun's full of genre excitement and promise for Avery's future.
McGregor sails through the movie, obviously having great fun as a recidivist thief who won't let anything get in the way of his plans, and doe-eyed Thwaites is appealingly naive ...
From here, the film begins its rapid slide into absurdity, invoking every action movie cliché imaginable.
Son of a Gun is an entertaining heist thriller starring Ewan McGregor that takes the well-trodden territory of the prison break and the criminal afterlife and sets it in the gold mines, beach resorts and skanky motels of Australia.
McGregor, who is having a bit of comeback moment right now, is kind of great as the ruthless antihero, and the action set pieces have plenty of fizz.
Misogynistic, predictable, crammed with tonal shifts, and devoid of likable characters. Another young filmmaker has taken all the wrong cues from Hollywood.
Superficial pleasures aside, this sun-bleached buddy crime flick is too light for the long game.
The only issue with his film - and it's a minor caveat - is that, somehow, it still feels like a series of accomplished shorts.
There are some exciting set pieces and McGregor is unusually but effectively cast as a hardboiled lifer.
While not breaking any new ground narratively, Son of a Gun is a solid prison-heist-escape movie with a truly terrific turn from Ewan McGregor.
Both Thwaites and McGregor are fine performers, but JR and Brendan are drawn in such broad, obvious strokes that it's impossible to get under the skin of their dynamic.
It's all put together with a crisp confidence that suggests its writer-director will swiftly move on to bigger things.
Never sure if it wants to be a hard-edged character drama or pacy action-thriller, Son Of A Gun has plenty to admire between the tonal wobbles.
The formulaic tendencies outmuscle the scrappy ambition in this uneven crime thriller.
It's a little heavy on incident, and a little light on soul.
Another crime film that's learned all it knows about criminal life from better crime films.
"Son of a Gun" is a derivative crime thriller that sputters when it should propel, skims when it should probe.
"Son of a Gun" adds to the mystique that Australian crime films are meaner, nastier and more brutish than their American counterparts. But it changes style roughly every half-hour.
Son Of A Gun has the gritty, rough feel of 1970s heist/hit picture.
A talented cast is squandered in this derivative, far-fetched Australian crime action- thriller which misfired on home soil.
Son Of A Gun, twists together a surprisingly original heist story with a more commonplace meditation on the ugliness (and the sometimes inevitability) of revenge.
A thoroughly generic action flick in which a gang of thieves without much honor attempt to pull off one last big heist.
There's a pretty good prison saga here, one which gets rudely interrupted by an unimaginative prison break followed by a flaccid romance.
The film's trajectory is as predictable as a bullet's: There's crosses and double-crosses, clumsily inserted strip club scenes, and instant professions of eternal love
First-time director Julius Avery plays the action by the book. None of the plot twists - from the central heist to a distracting romance - is particularly persuasive.
Begins with an enticingly dark first act in jail, but descends steadily downward into a mass of clichés.
Aside from McGregor's turn to the dark side, rather humdrum and routine
While Avery handles the kinetic action set-piece with impressive swagger for a first-timer, his self-penned screenplay is a major weak point.
The film is a little hit-and-miss at times, but when McGregor is front-and-centre it has real energy and you are reminded just what a fine screen performer he is.
A strong change-of-pace for McGregor and well-worth checking out for action fans.
It looks the part of a great heist movie but doesn't compare to those that that truly are.
The film has the requisite iconography of a crime thriller, but no investment in any of it.
Son of a Gun is tough and vivid, and it's perfectly enjoyable in the moment.
Does a laudable job steering the feature away from outright cliché, pumping the picture full of action and heated confrontations, while the details of hood life are arranged interestingly
Aussie writer-director Julius Avery's over-plotted feature debut is a gritty crime flick that crackles with menace and explores the age-old question of whether there's honor among thieves.
A stylish brute of a crime thriller, all cocksure and action-ready and desperate not to be taken at face value. It is a stretch, considering it falls into stereotypes.
In the end, it's not a movie of character but plot. Its excitement is waiting for the next elaborate move and waiting to see how it plays out.
At best, the pic serves as a showy grab-bag of thriller varieties for which the helmer demonstrates equal aptitude; at worst, it points to a narrative attention span that hasn't yet evolved from his award-winning short film work.
Son of a Gun is Grand Theft Auto Western Australia in the best and worst possible ways.
Terrific, taut, tense, balls-to-the-wall action heist film by formidably talented first-time Perth writer/director Julius Avery.
The scripting here isn't clever enough (Russian mobsters yet again, really?) to keep us caring who might be holding the upper hand as the white lies and black eyes just keep on coming.
Well, I went along with it and I really enjoyed it and I thought there is a new talent here and I'm giving it three and a half stars.
There are worse ways to spend a couple of hours, especially if you're a fan of the film's Australian crime predecessors, but the film's forgotten almost as soon as the credits roll.
The screenplay offers no insights whatsoever into the characters, especially that of the young protagonist, the enigmatically named JR (Brenton Thwaites).
Despite diminishing returns, Son Of A Gun is still a chunky little movie with a lot going for it.
The action sequences are tense and well-executed and the performances are strong, but the film slips away a little in the later stages, caught up in too many plot twists, turns and somewhat unlikely contrivances.
Son of a Gun is silly but fun entertainment marred by slow patches, wonky writing and unempathetic characters.
The deliberately chaotic climax is smoothly sustained, and some adroitly applied plot twists revealing the final shape of things has the McGregor grin flashing and fading then doing it all over again.
Appropriately visceral, purposely cast and staged with memorable action sequences.
Avery fashions a gritty, authentic mood in the opening scenes among the prisoners in maximum security, and carries it through to the satisfying conclusion
The debut feature from director Julius Avery, this enjoyable Aussie crime thriller holds its own, largely due to the winning combination of Ewan McGregor and Brenton Thwaites as the master crim and his apprentice

@highlight

Gritty, stylish, and smart, Son of a Gun serves up plenty of genre thrills while offering a refreshing change of pace for Ewan McGregor.