In Idi Amin, Whitaker reaches his artistic zenith.
Captivating hyper-realism, a taut political thriller, and the performance of the year.
The Last King Of Scotland will no doubt be picking up an armful of gongs come award season, and rightly so; it's not only lovingly shot and acted, but it evolves into one of the best thrillers of recent memory too.
Pit stop for white liberal guilt and neocolonial pillaging
Whitaker pulls off a spectacular thespian coup that has Oscar-winner stamped all over it.
Its ultimate effect is that of shallow self-congratulation.
Whitaker portrays Amin as funny, vulnerable, tender and enigmatic -- all without ever letting us forget he was a maniacal monster.
film postaje daleko mra%u010Dniji nego %u0161to su to njegovi autori imali u plan
it's Whitaker that kept the film alive when everyone was handing him Best Actor statuettes
...Whitaker's superb work remains the highlight of an otherwise routine effort.
Historical fantasy rules in Hollywood's Africa.
It's a deconstruction of Idi Amin's persona, played with such dedication by Whitaker the surrounding narrative feels without purpose.
There is surprise in Whitaker's step, with a curtain of menace running beneath it. His is one of the fiercest, least predictable performances of 2006, so fully on edge that he becomes the movie's edge.
The four highly diverse leads are uniformly excellent.
Whitaker brings us close to Amin, yet he never allows us to actually become comfortable around the man. His Amin is capricious and unpredictable, a personality that can seem volcanic one moment and vulnerable a few minutes later.
La película vale la pena sobre todo por la imponente actuación de Forest Whitaker, igualmente encantador o amenazante en la piel de uno de los dictadores más sanguinarios de África.
Two terrific performances cap this interesting historical perspective on ruthless dictator Idi Amin.
Whitaker's incendiary and incandescent performance dominates this movie as much as Helen Mirren's performance defines The Queen.
Exalando um carisma mais do que apropriado ao personagem, [Forest Whitaker] busca seduzir não apenas Nicholas, mas também o espectador.
Having cut his teeth on documentaries, Kevin Macdonald acts as if a shaky-cam aesthetic alone is enough to fuel dramatic tension.
Whitaker's riveting and deserved Oscar-nominated performance pretty much dominates -- almost to the point of overpowering -- this fictionalized drama, based on Giles Foden's novel.
The horror, when it finally moves to the centre of the screen, gives us Amin's barbarity in close-up -- and he's still smiling.
Whitaker's riveting performance as the unraveling Amin is where this film wants to be; instead we're stuck with Garrigan's Jesus Christ pose, and the expected out that amounts to little more than, "Forget it, Nick. It's Africa."
Whitaker is electrifying (I hate it when critics use that word, but seriously, it applies), but the film itself is merely agur for his performance.
Compositions are dense with beautiful and brutal images; and when the camera wobbles and the cuts become frequent, the freneticism is justified by the increased fracturing of Amin's sanity and Garrigan's security.
Forest Whitaker's towering performance as Idi Amin is frighteningly realistic, in his portrayal of the larger-than-life violent, madman dictator president of Uganda.
A chilling story story of how men become corrupted by power and are capable of the most horrendous evil imaginable.
Though the film is mostly fiction, Idi Amin was the real deal, and Whitaker revels in the role.
The film itself is not as impressive as Whitaker's performance.
The Last King of Scotland, fitting its brutal subject, is not an easy film. Yet in the realm of movies that depict seductive, evil men of power who easily smile as they kill, it's a bloodstained achievement.
Forest Whitaker's intense, studied performance shows Amin not only as a madman responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of his countrymen, but as a charismatic figure capable of winning hearts and minds
Forest Whitaker's performance isn't worth the greatest-of-all-time hyperbole, but the actor is so evil, afraid and human in the role that he turns even a fart joke into nuance. His unpredictable, unstoppable force prevents the film from failing.
Whitaker ... supplies this pulp bogeyman with a human face and heart, enlisting - for moments at least - our empathy as well as our horror.
Whitaker shows him as a man who sees his own actions as perfectly rational. He is not a cartoon villain, but a dangerous madman...
Without the force of Whitaker's presence, Scotland is a mediocre, predictable and fitfully engaging tale.
Whitaker shifts from jovial teddy bear to maniacal bull in an instant, at once displaying the intimidation and charisma of an evil but undeniably colorful figure.
Forest Whitaker's portrayal of the blood-soaked Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in Kevin McDonald's The Last King of Scotland is mesmerizingly brilliant
[G]etting lost in all the well-earned love for Whitaker is his costar, James McAvoy, the primary focus through which Whitaker's starburst prisms into its brilliance...
A smart, searing thriller with blistering performances from McAvoy and Whitaker. Like the best Graham Greene script Graham Greene never wrote.
Whitaker's chilling, charismatic take on Uganda's General Idi Amin in The Last King Of Scotland stands up there with the great depictions of unhinged dictators like Antony Hopkins' Hitler in The Bunker or Christian Clavier in the 'Napoleon' mini-series.
Hard to believe that an actor previously renowned for his gentleness could play such a monster, but the transformation is seamless.
Whitaker commands his scenes as effectively as he did in Clint Eastwood's film about Charlie Parker.
Whitaker is mesmeric as the bombastic despot, perfectly capturing his oddly comic but ultimately brutalistic nature.
So often the gentle giant, Whitaker changes tack here with an intimidating display of girth and guile, mixed in with the outward signals of untouchable nuttiness.
Whitaker is astounding in this role, moving easily between the happy charm that made Amin champion of his people, and the madness that led this infamous dictator to kill almost half a million of them.
It seems certain Whitaker will get that Oscar nod for superbly conveying Amin's weird mix of buffoonery and cold-bloodedness.
Whitaker fully captures the menace of the man who murdered more than 300,000 of his fellow citizens, but also - and this is the difficult part - his humour, charm and charisma.
This is a thoroughly enjoyable, confident, dramatically satisfying movie from Macdonald, and incidentally another triumph for Peter Morgan, for whom the period now seems to offer any amount of rich material.
Amin, rather discomfitingly, is a marvellous monster.
There's a nihilistic and unmistakeable whiff of Apocalypse Now about the last wild reel, and the carnage left over by the Israeli raid on Entebbe airport.
Starting as a lively adventure, this film slowly twists into a haunting and unforgettable thriller, using real life events to tell a devastatingly powerful story.
Both an enthralling examination of a horrific time and an adrenalin-filled thriller full of wry humour.
As Idi Amin, Whitaker embodies the spirit of a smiling, deranged, murderous fool. Amin is a child with power and guns and a devastating to watch paranoia and inferiority complex.
Director Kevin Macdonald brings his experience as documentary filmmaker to bear on the film, giving us a burnished portrait of Uganda's descent into hell that is heavy on location photography, handheld jerkiness, and zooms.
Recommended for the work of Forest Whitaker alone, even if the gifted actor was restricted by a screenplay which squandered a golden opportunity to imbue his character with a complex range of motivations and emotions.
[T]he movie's emphasis on Nicholas's misadventures, as if the audience couldn't get into the story of Uganda without an educated, white, middle-class European as a protagonist, is a huge let-down in its own terms.
Mr. Whitaker and Mr. McAvoy head a first-rate cast that helps The Last King of Scotland to illuminate one of the many dark chapters in recent African history.
Last King powerfully explores the duality between congeniality and brutality.
Powerful Academy Award caliber performance by Whitaker.
The history of Idi Amin is an intriguing story, but this film tells us too much about its fictional European and not enough about the politics of Uganda under an all-too-real tyrant.
flamboyantly chaotic vision of Hell that certainly won't encourage African tourism
If this genius turn by Whitaker (he starred in Bird and The Crying Game) doesn't earn an Oscar nomination, then those little statues will lose what little meaning they have.
In The Last King of Scotland and through director Kevin MacDonald's contrived broad strokes, Amin is at first a sitcom character on the receiving end of sophomoric fart jokes, then a despicable villain.
Approximates through its fictional lead character (a white doctor who spins a globe, closes his eyes, and plops his finger on Uganda) what it might be like for, well, members of The National Board of Review to be air dropped into the middle of Africa.
With an unsympathetic Everyman as our stand-in and an evil despot at the center of the story, The Last King of Scotland struggles to win our hearts.
I would never sit through it again, but for those of you who want to see every movie nominated for an Academy Award, you'd might as well go ahead and see this one now.
Whitaker's boundless performance demands attention and the safest bet in town at this pre-nomination time is that it will earn one.
Whitaker and McAvoy inhabit their roles so fully that the film around them transforms into a major document of 1970's cultural myopia.
Amin's story is so thick with drama, terror and bloodshed, why create a fictional character to serve as a vantage point?
... if Whitaker doesn't get an Oscar nomination there is officially no justice.
Whitaker's dedicated, nuanced performance is excellent and lifts the film from some unsteady early moments.
In addition to a very engaging script, Forrest Whitaker and James McAvoy amazingly express the tension and the camaraderie shared by Amin and Garrigan.
Whitaker's acting resurrects the dictator and his deeds with stunning immediacy.
Better, thanks to Whitaker and his galvanizing portrait the film is never less than mesmerizing, which makes realizing that it could have been so much more all the greater a disappointment.
The Last King of Scotland, and especially Whitaker's performance, provide insight into the troubled psyche of one of history's most terrifying leaders.
It's Whitaker who grabs your attention and sends chills down your spine, as he twists seductive charm into depraved power. He's electrifying, a classic example of a performer who takes a moderately intriguing movie and elevates it to must-see status.
See the movie for Whitaker alone: He's possessed by evil and possesses it wholly, rendering the film (and everyone in it) his plaything.
A good movie elevated by Whitaker's pitch-perfect performance.
Graham Greene it's not....Whitaker's striking work aside, The Last King of Scotland is insipid, obvious movieland history.
A dominant Whitaker lords over this flawed mixture of history and intrigue.
...an intriguing hybrid of Robert Penn Warren's All the King's Men and Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness...
Forest Whitaker checks in with his most powerful performance since tackling Charlie Parker in Bird.
We are in awe not that the character is so wildly unstable, but that Whitaker has made such a wildly unstable character seem so natural.
A terrifically engaging biopic of 1970s Ugandan dictator Idi Amin, who is played with the sort of extraordinary yet restrained force that only great actors like Forest Whitaker can manage.
Through its very specific story, the movie illustrates how absolute power can corrupt those who wield it, resulting in a man who, once ensconced as a nation's leader, uses all his available resources to ensure his own survival.
Watching Garrigan squirm in his gilded cage has its charms. But Whitaker is the one to keep your eyes on, and his work is the stuff of Oscar gold.
Rare is the actor who can accomplish an instant transformation from beast to buddy, but Whitaker makes it look easy.
This is the sort of movie worth seeing for the performances alone.
The sheer force of Whitaker's performance guarantees that he remains the central focus even when he's not in front of the camera. Paradoxically, you can't take your eyes off him, even when he's not there.
Whitaker dynamically gets his teeth into Amin, capturing the schizoid conscience of a would-be king. Given Whitaker's dominating presence, it's practically a coup that Macdonald would keep him waiting in the wings for half the film.
A solid dramatic thriller in its own right is lifted into higher territory by superb performances, intriguing subject matter, and impressive direction
...may be seen as this year's "Hotel Rwanda," but...its viewpoint from inside the palace walls makes it more intimate, and therefore oddly, less devastating, drama.
The film belongs to Whitaker, who in a career best performance charms, rages and murders his way into the history books.
As Amin, the actor holds every scene he's in with a kind of explosive gravity.
Macdonald has delivered a masterful tragedy, told in his characters' wary eyes.
At its heart of darkness, the film is about the lure of power. It's a condemnation of all the dictators' men over all time.
The key achievement, in this vividly shot and superbly cast drama, is to make us fear for the slightly contemptible Garrigan but feel mostly for Ugandans, even (a little) for Amin.
The subject is really Garrigan, the embodiment of the West and its naive habit of looking at the Third World and seeing what it wants to see.
Whitaker is so good as to ensure that anyone who sees the film will never forget Amin again.
A fascinating look at a violent and disturbing chapter in Africa's history.
A compelling, though somewhat problematic, story set deep inside Idi Amin's brutal dictatorship in Uganda.
Macdonald knows how to hold our interest, and he gives his movie a dizzying sense of momentum, not unlike the mad whirl that surrounds Amin.
By the end of this remarkable, uneven film, we believe that through Whitaker we have come to understand the very nature of power and corruption.
This is director Kevin MacDonald's first feature film, yet along with cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle, he has produced a motion picture that will become an instant political classic.
Forest Whitaker gives a titanic performance as the general ... and as he seduces the naive young man into his murderous regime, director Kevin Macdonald unpacks the ignorance and arrogance that still characterize the West's attitude toward Africa.
Forest Whitaker that is nothing less than formidable and that most likely will merit an Oscar nomination.
The performances are universally strong -- though the documentary-like realism is hampered by the fact that the story revolves around a fictitious character like Garrigan.
[Forest Whitaker inflects] the character with a recognizably human complexity without soft-pedaling his essential barbarity. It's an arresting performance.
This is a powerful film. It is beautifully written and expertly acted. It should not be missed.
This role is the pinnacle of Whitaker's film career. It is the type of performance that belongs alongside classic characterizations from Hollywood's past.
It's a curious piece of work, part biopic, part history lesson and part Hitchcockian thriller. Unfortunately, Macdonald is not skilled enough to meld the three.
[Whitaker] puts in one of the most amazing acting performances of the year making Amin appear to be equally likable and detestable all at the same time
A shrewd commentary on misguided Western excursions into the 'dark continent.'
The movie uses a fictional device to get up close and personal, but I'm not sure the fictional device works.
Great as Whitaker is in this juicy slab of Oscar bait, Macdonald's movie doesn't have much to offer beyond a pair of stunning performances, propulsive editing, fantastic scenery and the heartbeat rhythms of African music.
Although Last King is faithful to the novel, it is superior in almost every way.
A devastating morality tale that shows just how easy it is for a well-meaning outsider to become lost in a culture he doesn't understand, and to find himself seduced and corrupted by taking very small and seemingly reasonable steps.
Whitaker is on fire, and as long as he's onscreen, King keeps you riveted.
A spellbinding safari into the mind of His Excellency the madman.
Whitaker doesn't so much play the Ugandan president and charismatic monster, deposed in 1979 and responsible for an estimated 300,000 deaths, as he lights a slow fuse on a highly complex bomb.
Whitaker is a commanding force as he navigates the line between charmer and monster.
An uneven film not entirely successful in juggling its very different tones, but...Whitaker's performance is so good that it makes the picture almost insanely watchable.
His sleepy eyes hinting at buried malevolence ... Whitaker's Amin will make you flinch in your seat each time he appears.
Powerful drama with Whitaker's performance a career peak.
Forest Whitaker has been one of our most interesting actors for 20 years, and he gives the performance of a lifetime in The Last King of Scotland.
Whitaker creates one of the most indelible screen portrayals of recent years.
As a metaphor, the fictional Nicholas makes clear the insidious means by which the West, and in particular, the Caucasian West, exploits and abuses its privilege.
Last King is a wonderful compendium of facts and greater truths. Also, a hell of a good movie.
It's only the brilliant performance by Forest Whitaker, which keeps this film from turning too maudlin.
The film as a whole measures up to Forest Whitaker's performance. That's high praise indeed.
Whitaker's performance is absolutely spellbinding -- and should land him his first Oscar nomination.
We see Idi Amin through Nicholas' eyes and it's a shocking transformation... he starts out as the people's hope for a brighter future and turns into the nation's nightmare.
There must come a reckoning, and in The Last King Of Scotland, the loss of innocence consumes the whole final hour, during which time Whitaker appears less often, his screen time stolen by an increasingly weepy McAvoy.
Whitaker's portrayal illustrates Amin's complexity -- a study on human nature, rather than an indictment.
It observes the insanity of Amin through the eyes of a corrupted soul, leaving just enough space between fact and fiction to flesh out a fascinating motion picture.
Whitaker's performance dispels most of one's objections. He is terrifying in a way that we recognize not from old movies but from life.
The Last King of Scotland belongs to Forest Whitaker. He is the key to making this Faustian bargain work.
This isn't a history lesson, it's Playing God co-starring Idi Amin with Scully instead of Mulder.
A tour de force performance by Forrest Whittaker makes this Idi Amin biopic a compelling, challenging, edgy film.
The colonialist spirit is alive and well in The Last King of Scotland, a return to the pandering celluloid depictions of African turmoil that insist on putting a white face on black suffering.
An adequate thriller redeemed by Forest Whitaker's sensational turn as Idi Amin.
The Last King of Scotland is wrenching to sit through, but in the end, it doesn't leave you with quite enough to think about.
In a remarkably restrained piece of acting, Whitaker gives us a likable totalitarian madman whose bluster appears more amusing than terrifying.
The compression of time is a stiff reminder that we are watching, after all, a movie.
Forest Whitaker shatters abstraction and replaces it with flesh, blood and unspeakable charm.
Forest Whitaker's mesmerizing performance as Idi Amin drives Kevin Macdonald's adaptation of Giles Foden's 1998 novel about the dictator's reign of terror, which left Uganda's once-thriving economy in ruins and at least 300,000 of his countrymen dead.
Whitaker is formidably compelling as a man whose quixotic temperament and larger-than-life persona both fascinate and repel.
Featuring vivid supporting performances from Simon McBurney and Gillian Anderson, The Last King of Scotland is one of 2006's best films to date.
Forest Whitaker, uncorking the power that he usually holds in check, gives a chilling, bravura performance as Ugandan tyrant Idi Amin.
The movie's real power, and true greatness, comes from Whitaker. Whether or not it's forgotten at awards season, it's guaranteed to be remembered for a long time to come.
The Last King of Scotland is a parable shocking in its truth, jolting in its lack of sentimentality, Shakespearean in its vision of the doctor's catastrophic flaw.
[Director Kevin Macdonald] captures the energy and exuberance of a young nation in the throes of optimism and works it into a foreboding frenzy.
It would all be for naught without Whitaker, who makes Amin fun, funny, vulnerable and poignant while never letting us forget his murderous monomania.
This is not hyperbole. This is how good Whitaker is: He actually makes you feel sorry for Idi Amin.
A thunderous performance by Forest Whitaker as Ugandan dictator Idi Amin informs and ignites The Last King of Scotland so far beyond its limitations as both a biopic and a political thriller that he becomes the movie itself.
I can't think of a better actor to toggle between media-savvy jester and stone-cold killer than Forest Whitaker, who, even dressed in a kilt, conveys serious menace along with mania.
As storytelling, it could use some fine tuning, but it keeps its dark premise close to its heart at all times.
Whitaker carries the film on his broad shoulders, creating a realistic and frightening portrait of one of the world's most elusive and notorious figures.
Featuring an extraordinary, Oscar-worthy performance by Forest Whitaker, this gripping drama interweaves historical fact with fiction into an edgy, eye-riveting tale.
Few films this year have been as suspenseful as The Last King of Scotland, which is due in large part to the tour de force performance of Forest Whitaker.
it's Mean Girls, with more bloody warlords
Kevin Macdonald's queasily enjoyable fiction film creates a portrait of the Ugandan dictator Idi Amin from inside the palace walls.
A masterfully skewed twist on A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court ... Macdonald has really made his mark as a filmmaker.
The Last King of Scotland isn't for everyone, but for those who can stomach its brutality, it offers a compelling look into how such a popular leader became known as one of Africa's most vicious dictators of the 1970s.
Idi's got da bling!
Forest Whitaker gives a masterpiece of a performance, the kind of incredible acting that crosses the line into just being.
The film is phenomenally well directed by Kevin Macdonald and edited by Justine Wright to bring out every bit of scary volatility in the most casual interactions.
Whitaker has done some surpassingly gentle and rueful work in the past, but for this role he has transformed himself -- he's either sprawled in a stupor or alarmingly mobile, throwing his big body around the room as if it weighed nothing.
Starts well, but trips over preposterous plot developments as it pushes toward its climax.
One of the best films of the year with its depiction of the dynamics of power in politics and the dangers that ensure when paranoia overtakes a leader and those around him.
Forest Whitaker shines in this high voltage portrayal of the maniacal and maniacally charming Ugandan dictator Idi Amin.
Forest Whitaker makes the case for a best-actor Oscar or, even better, a best-actor designation from NY Film Critics Online.
A stinging rebuke to both do-gooder white-man's-burden fantasies and the disingenuous, Africa-exoticizing movies that promote them.
Forest Whitaker's performance as Idi Amin is so good it's scary.
Provides a vivid snapshot of Uganda and a tour-de-force portrayal of a creature who is all the more horrifying because his evil is so recognizable, and so chillingly embracing and warm.
McDonald gets the relationship between the two central characters so right, makes it so fascinating, that more historical detail would have been a distraction.
This politicized Faustian tale is a provocative and shrewd blend of fact and fiction in the case of a naive doctor seduced into Amin's political apparatus, but film suffers from problems of other political-horror sagas told from strictly white POV.
An extraordinary piece about naivete caught up in terrible events.






@highlight

Forest Whitaker's performance as real-life megalomaniac dictator Idi Amin powers this fictionalized political thriller, a blunt and brutal tale about power and corruption.