It's a dark film, with a sicko sense of humor, that's not for all tastes. But the talented director knows how to keep things tense, taut and exciting.
Jeremy Saulnier's "Blue Ruin" is a small, quiet film brimming with smart directorial decisions.
Even though at some points it hints at dark humor in a Coen brothers kinda way, this movie is far from making you laugh. [Full review in Spanish]
Every shot in this film is carefully selected to bring the most out of this thrilling story. [Full review in Spanish]
An umpredictable journey that manages to build up tension and interest the whole time. [Full review in Spanish]
Brilliant stroke to have a nebbish carrying out a one-man vendetta against a gang of bad guys rather than a Charles Bronson retread.
A lean piece of thriller filmmaking with a potent human core.
Exponentially inspirational; Blue Ruin is a film that feels like intimate atomic fallout out from an event that radiates through the lives of two families. Filmmaker Jeremy Saulnier is irrevocably one to watch.
The world doesn't need another empty genre exercise. But as Blue Ruin reminds us, it can always use more filmmakers of Saulnier's resourcefulness, sensitivity and quiet assurance.
With the same brand of realist irony the Coens used to cool down Blood Simple, writer-director Jeremy Saulnier slows the genre's heartbeat to gripping effect.
It gets uglier. And as it does, the lessons become more apparent to you, if not to Dwight.
Blue Ruin belies its modest means to deliver gripping tension and an unlikely character study.
As the corpses pile up, Blue Ruin plays like an ever-expanding Mexican Standoff, death met with death in a sprawling network of violence that implicates a whole gun-crazy nation.
Visually arresting, impressively taut and enjoyably idiosyncratic, Saulnier - who did his own cinematography -- marks himself out as a director with a strong voice that we will, with luck, be hearing a lot more of in future.
Understated, atmospheric and compelling, Blue Ruin has an art house indie aesthetic reminiscent of the Coen brothers' debut Blood Simple, and that's high praise, indeed.
Blue Ruin is as tiny a movie as they come, but it packs a stinging punch.
It is a simple story, sparsely but stirringly told, and Saulnier uses it to make a statement about the terrifying ease with which Americans can arm themselves to the teeth.
Watching doe-eyed Dwight leave his car keys at a murder scene, bungle a kidnapping and miss shooting his target from 2ft away is a tense and unpredictable experience.
Blue Ruin starts promisingly with a hairy hobo living in a blue, rusty, bullet-holed Pontiac on a Delaware beach.
Blue Ruin is a brutal stripped back thriller that suggests more great things to come from Jeremy Saulnier.
The leading man of Jeremy Saulnier's mesmerizing Blue Ruin is not the kind of actor who usually gets to anchor a motion picture, let alone a violent revenge picture, and that's part of what makes the movie work.
We understand that Dwight's mission of revenge is juvenile and indefensible, but Blair manages to make us root for him nonetheless.
The everyday suburbs and wilderness of Virginia come to life as places of rustic beauty and grim reality.
A prismatically efficient thriller.
A hauntingly memorable, even thoughtful shoot-'em-up. [Blu-ray]
It's a smart, bloody thriller that keeps springing weird new directions on you.
[A]n atmospheric, elegant piece, a more delicate, intriguingly nervous piece of pulp noir.
... a quietly powerful low-budget revenge thriller that gradually reveals secrets about its characters to ratchet up the tension.
A crafty little thriller that will have you on the edge of your seat--in all the ways that are good and familiar.
...a genre film, but it's not an empty-headed one. It's accessible in the same way Jim Thompson's crime novels are ...
Blue Ruin redefines the revenge picture. It continually creates moments of hold-your-breath suspense.
Saulnier is also a cinematographer, and he's in complete control of the film's conflation of human-scale horror and tragicomedy.
Blair, an unheralded actor, carries the whole picture. He's in practically every scene, and his performance is fascinating because in his eyes you can see the character struggling desperately with himself.
Blue Ruin is violent but it impressively avoids the glorification of bloodshed; instead, [director Jeremy] Saulnier deftly shows just how terrifying, unnerving, sad and awful it is to take a life.
Saulnier works intelligent and engrossing variations on the revenge thriller.
Saulnier makes impressive use of silence and slow camera movements, allowing the suspense to simmer until violence seems practically inevitable.
A tight, taut, suspenseful little thriller...offering an effective series of tension-building sequences punctuated by outbursts of violent action.
Though coloured by indie sensibilities, Blue Ruin offers the momentum of hard-edged pulp and the viscera of full-on exploitation cinema.
...a rueful repudiation of the adage that revenge is sweet.
Upends genre expectations by placing an unskilled, often hapless and physically undistinguished Everyman in the violent 'revenge' role that a Hollywood movie typically would assign to an invulnerable tough guy played by the likes of Liam Neeson...
Saulnier spills a lot of blood, but he's an extraordinarily responsible and appealing craftsman.
A stripped-down tale of revenge with bloodied hands and a blackened heart, this viscerally intelligent thriller takes a new stab at an old genre with refreshingly distressing results.
Subtle and heartbreaking, this revenge drama will be hard to forget.
A sublime noir that deserves to be seen, such is its power and brutality.
Revenge thriller Blue Ruin has at its centre that stock cinematic type, the grieving loner on a mission of retribution, yet Jeremy Saulnier's low-budget film is a world away from the wish-fulfilment fantasy of the Death Wish movies and their ilk.
Does a great job of masking how little it has to say about the bloodshed it deals in.
You couldn't ask for a more unlikely avenger than the ill-equipped sort-of hero of Blue Ruin, and that's precisely why it's far, far more suspenseful than the typical violent revenge thriller.
A very bloody film noir, directed with tremendous ingenuity by Jeremy Saulnier, Blue Ruin benefits from its pared-down style and macabre humour.
Strong suspense levels help maintain good momentum and Blair anchors proceedings admirably. The conclusion is a tad contrived, but there are enough twists and turns along the way to ensure that genre fans will be suitably thrilled.
Darkly comic and frequently gripping, revenger's tragedy Blue Ruin proves Jeremy Saulnier is a director to watch.
Blue Ruin is an extremely polished revenge thriller, but it's been buffed so much that it begins to dull in the areas that should be more striking.
This crowd-funded sleeper recalls such genre masters as the Coen brothers and Sam Peckinpah. See this.
A thriller that feels natural and improvisational, even when you know it's so tightly plotted it will make you drive your fingernails into the armrests.
Blue Ruin is a taut, tight, incredibly tense but also laugh-out-loud funny revenge thriller the likes of which only come out once in a blue moon.
A riveting revenge thriller written and directed by Jeremy Saulnier and built around a singular performance by Macon Blair.
To call Blue Ruin a revenge thriller is to sell this barbed-wire-sharp and altogether surprising American indie short.
There's something extraordinarily ordinary about Saulnier's approach that cuts right through the thin skin of vengeance.
A riveting Southern gothic revenge thriller - a suspenseful reinvigoration of the genre - that seems to be over in the first 20 minutes, and then finds horrific new places to take you.
As an exercise in cinematic style, "Blue Ruin" is well worth seeing.
Essentially a lurid revenge story but filtered through an arthouse sensibility, peppered with stillness and deglamourised violence.
Blue Ruin is a low-budget yet highly accomplished revenge thriller although whether you have the stomach for it is another matter.
Much of the pleasure of Blue Ruin is letting its urgency coil around your heart, daring it to move.
"Blue Ruin" is a movie about revenge, but it reaches far past the bottom-shelf titillations of fantasy to tell a richer, character-driven story with a protagonist who's less avenging angel than ghost.
Fans of the darker side of the Coen Brothers ("Blood Simple," "No Country for Old Men") and Quentin Tarantino should take note.
The filmmaker works with economy and has a knack for creating a sense of foreboding, which is good because the plot is simply a working out of the old saw that violence begets violence.
This hard-boiled, unironic revenge thriller is held together by a mesmerising lead performance from Macon Blair.
The killings multiply. But so do the moments of kooky cinematic grace.
This is a filmmaking career you want to get in on the ground floor of.
It's special work, intelligent and measured, reviving the possibilities of the subgenre. Saulnier establishes himself as a major talent with Blue Ruin.
Deftly shot and dynamic to the end.
Saulnier's script avoids exposition...the filmmaker reveals each bit of truth only as necessary, turning an otherwise straightforward plot into an increasingly dense mystery.
plays into our primal urge for justice and isn't afraid to show us the spiraling consequences, physical and emotional, that come with acting on those impulses
The righting will be bloody, and he will be good at only some of it. Saulnier's work is behaviorally nuanced, vitally designed, framed and cut, blue-to-bruise blue-to-beyond-bruise and even at its leanest moments, rocking with brooding unease.
Saulnier and his best friend/star Blair have created an intriguing, inept antihero but the old crime that haunts him and the family behind it are so crudely drawn that the film turns into a genre exercise.
It's a taut, unflinching first act ... But as the bodies pile up and the plot circles in on itself, that beautifully constructed web of suspense begins to unravel.
Tightly focused and uncluttered suspense drama about a man on a tragic mission.... Jeremy Saulnier delivers a simple but gripping piece of somber entertainment.
One of the most masterful thrillers of the year.
A twitchily well-acted thriller, as well as a suspenseful and sometimes very funny examination of revenge.
A cunning, suspenseful thriller that bears comparison to the Coen brothers' Blood Simple, Blue Ruin is an impossible-to-ignore calling card from writer/director Jeremy Saulnier. Hollywood awaits.
A lean, tough, thoughtful thriller with depth, Blue Ruin establishes Jeremy Saulnier as a promising indie auteur and Macon Blair as an unusual leading man.
It's a brilliant, slow-burning American revenge thriller that hardly puts a foot wrong, a work of startling violence and profound conscience that announces the arrival of an exciting young director.
Dark and freaky, this brutal, low-key revenge thriller throws a bunch of relatively simple people into a moral quagmire, and drags us in as well.
It's uneven and underdeveloped, but Blue Ruin succeeds as a lean and unflinchingly brutal take on a familiar genre.
It's a dark trip that only grows darker with each stomach-turning twist, but Saulnier brings an elegant touch to the frame that makes the whole movie feel different from your average violence-laden revenge film.
Suspenseful and intense in parts, darkly comic in others, there's a brilliant tone to this memorable piece, as Saulnier manages to find the perfect middle ground between humour and morbidity.
Blair is excellent in the lead, but the filmmaking is the true star here.
Director Jeremy Saulnier has worked largely as a cinematographer, and "Blue Ruin" is marked by careful compositions and lighting.
Saulnier makes some interesting choices that reveal he has more on his mind than just indulging in mindless mayhem with spurts of dark comedy.
A lean, unsparing carousel of vigilante-style comeuppances, "Blue Ruin" brings newfound immediacy and quaking apprehension to a plot that, on paper, sounds as if it has been seen many times before.
A movie made with terrific filmmaking and storytelling technique, [that] solidifies Jeremy Saulnier as a director to keep an eye on.
Blue Ruin's fierce narrative momentum derives from the inexorable logic of eye-for-an-eye reciprocity.
"Blue Ruin" is an uneven film, and there are slip-ups along the way, but the tension that settles in slowly like a low-grade fever keeps you with it.
Mocking vigilante violence while slapping it on in gorgeous splatters, "Blue Ruin" is little more than an archipelago of attacks and retaliations that pay off only in blood spilled and vendetta advanced.
A gory instant-classic cult film about a maladroit revenge killer.
Blue Ruin is the rare film that is nearly consistently tense, the suspense only temporarily subsiding about an hour into the story. It's a welcome respite.
Blue Ruin succeeds on the strength of Saulnier's skill at slowly escalating the tension, even with a would-be action protagonist who is almost comically inept.
An effective regional crime drama in the key of Jeff Nichols, but lacking his emotional and thematic complexity.
Not much is said, but much is communicated in a blood-soaked film that acts as its own accuser.
Blue Ruin stands out because of the way it frames this revenge mission as a preordained conclusion, an unstoppable journey toward a brutal end.
Though the film more than fulfills its genre requirements as a tense, diamond-sharp 90-minute thriller, Saulnier never lets the action get cartoonish or detach itself from the flawed characters perpetuating it.
It has more of a kinship with 'Shotgun Stories,' Jeff Nichols' film on a bloody family feud that brings Hatfield and McCoys-esque tussling into the supposedly tamed present day.
[With] Blue Ruin, [director Jeremy Saulnier] muffles the humor with darkness and grounds the violence in a stumbling revenge fantasy enacted by a lost and fractured soul.
Blue Ruin is a confident venture that smartly doles out its story in pieces, leaving the audience to happily follow its trail of breadcrumbs.
A real trip.
As an action film - which, in small bursts, it is - Blue Ruin is disquieting and raw, like Commando turned inside out.
Blue Ruin is as visually striking as one might expect a film helmed by a talented cinematographer to be. But Saulnier has more than a great eye; he's got the soul of a natural filmmaker ...
Sparse of dialogue, terrifically ominous and full of low-key, high-quality performances, "Blue Ruin" is a vigilante tale even haters like me can get behind.
With its strong and singular sense of itself adding realness -- and real art -- to what could have been another revenge thriller, Blue Ruin stands apart.
Blue Ruin takes a simple premise and keeps the universal truth while ditching the universal cliches.
Blue Ruin may occasionally be midnight-movie lurid, but not at the expense of deeper questions about vengeance's diminishing returns.
Blue Ruin is more artful and evocative than any recent revenge picture, but it's still drivel.
The absolute antithesis of the standard cheer-on-the-wronged revenge thriller, Blue Ruin is a stripped-down take that unfolds much the way it might in real life.
Blue Ruin is a simple story well told; it marks promising work from both Saulnier and Blair, and delivers on its promises of a tightly-wound descent into hell.
Blue Ruin is a raw portrayal of revenge that refuses to glorify violence, as Macon Blair teams with Jeremy Saulnier for another punchy indie success.
Not just a solid Southern Gothic revenge story, but as vivid a depiction of homelessness as you'd ever want to see.
By reducing its principals to stock figures in an extended chess game, it ends up providing steady, neatly staged thrills, but little else of substance.
The principal character's conversations are so flabby that you cannot be blamed for wanting to avoid him.
A ripping-good revenge flick with a radically simple premise ...
Blue Ruin is a revenge film filled with enough unpredictability to keep your attention and violence that serves the story rather than being gratuitous - though it does, at times, make for difficult viewing.
My favorite revenge film since Chan-Wook Park wrapped up his vengeance trilogy.
Blue Ruin is an awesome and bloody thriller that also takes a good, hard look at the toll revenge can have on individuals as well as those around them.
A truly original revenge thriller.
Blue Ruin is distinguished by the way it allies solid storytelling to fine craftsmanship.
Odd revenge genre low-budgeter keeps the tradition of revenge killing all too alive.
A lean and suspenseful genre piece that follows a bloody trail of vengeance to its cruel, absurd and logical conclusion.
The true power of Blue Ruin is its ability to find tension in the little things, not showy acts of violence.
Excellently-acted, beautifully shot and deliberately-paced to nail-biting perfection, Blue Ruin takes a deserved place in the pantheon of no-holds-barred revenge thrillers.
The best Coen Bros. noir since they were making them.
A quiet, confident, and surprisingly excellent revenge thriller.
Blue Ruin is tragedy on an intimate scale, but don't let its tiny budget fool you. It looks far more costly, which is fitting as its emotional toll is higher than the norm too.
...an impressively spare thriller...
It may be the finest cinematic plea for pacifism since Munich, or it may just be a great thrill ride.
A feral and staggeringly well-conceived revenge saga.
A taut, atmospheric and darkly comic revenge thriller.
The violence is unfailingly nasty, the humor suitably dark, and the human center holds due to Dwight's endearingly short-sighted, continually fallible, yet understandably just mission against those who squandered his own happiness decades before.

@highlight

Smart, stripped-down, and thrillingly grim, Blue Ruin proves that a well-told revenge story can still leave its audience on the edge of their seat.