A light entertainment, superficial and with few moments of inspiration. [Full Review in Spanish]
The entire cast is winning, but Hahn is a comic force of nature who deserves superstardom at the level of Melissa McCarthy
Like the original, Bad Moms 2 is saved by an admirable and likeable cast, and an inkling that somewhere underneath all this lightweight nonsense is a very sensible idea.
A Bad Moms Christmas is a comedy with better casting than jokes, a sequel sticking to the formula of using twice as much of whatever worked before.
A hollow film that feels rushed and insincere, A Bad Moms Christmas is far from the festive satire it purports to be.
It's a limited storyline that doesn't provide as much room for humour.
... an unforeseen series of advertisements - a supermarket, an amusement park, and so on - included in the major propaganda: American Christmas, a franchise as exportable as Valentine's or Halloween. [Full review in Spanish]
At the end of the day, A Bad Moms Christmas isn't a pretentious film and it gives us what it promises... [Full review in Spanish]
Highly predictable, and yet is able to act as a good sequel to a successful comedy thanks to the charisma of the actresses. [Full Review in Spanish]
Words are not easy to come by when it comes to describing the experience of sitting through and watching A Bad Mom's Christmas. Adjectives such as agonising, laborious and torturous definitely spring to mind...
A Bad Moms Christmas, much like its predecessor, has an admirable idea of paying tribute to all these unsung female heroines; it's too bad the filmmakers are only concerned with vagina and d*** jokes
...no matter how much they mess up, everything will return to normal when the third act ends. [Full review in Spanish]
Just as funny and, even though I never thought it possible, raunchier then "Bad Moms..."
The whole thing is entertaining enough, just, but you have to wonder why Lucas and Moore made a film. What they essentially give us is a series of unrelated "overbearing mother" comedy sketches which would be better suited to a festive TV special.
[The stars], having soiled themselves with last year's loathsome Bad Moms, wade into more of the same, this time dragging Christine Baranski, Cheryl Hines and Susan Sarandon ... down into the muck with them.
Wilder but not better, A Bad Moms Christmas is a mediocre bridge between the original film and the inevitable Bad Grandmas.
Takes the easiest route - upping the raucousness, adding even more mums to the mix, and eschewing nuance, depth or any real comic commentary about the expectations placed upon women.
A Bad Moms Christmas is not an absolutely terrible movie, but it's just very uninspired.
This present is akin to a lump of coal in all our stockings.
The film's raucous humour is just rude enough to seem transgressive, even if it isn't.
Calling it a broad comedy would be like fat-shaming an entire genre.
Clearly aiming to cash in on the (undeserved) success of last year's Bad Moms, this slapdash sequel is even more dispiriting.
It'll entertain you while on the verge of a turkey coma, but it will never rank among the Christmas classics.
For a movie that pretends to be against excess-three exasperated moms are going to "take Christmas back", dammit-this sequel really doesn't know when to stop.
The plot is slapped together, with an excess of music montages used to pad everything out. Seriously, A Bad Moms Christmas has enough music montages to make Rocky IV jealous.
The less said about the performances, the better. The three main leads seem to be going through the motions with barely any investment into their characters.
It's really not 'Bad' - just average.
Made with Chinese money, the Bad Moms sequel may be the most effective attack on Western culture by a foreign power in my lifetime.
This shoddy, superfluous sequel is like trashy tinsel.
"Why can't my husband buy his own mom a Christmas present?" is this sweet sequel's thesis statement.
It was a mediocre concept to begin with, and Lucas and Moore made it worse. Merry Christmas!
Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, who wrote and directed Bad Moms and The Hangover, know their audience, and in A Bad Moms Christmas, they balance the nasty with the poignant.
... a stale old chestnut.
Sure, it's lazy at times. But here's a film that knows its audience and exactly what to give them.
I think the big issue is that the script was written by two men rather than one or more women. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
It helps that Baranski, Hines, and, especially, Sarandon are perfectly cast as the mothers to the mothers, while the original trio again inject a palpable enthusiasm through their camaraderie and innate comedic timing.
The cartoonish approach the franchise takes to serious topics like self-worth and societal expectations suspends most of both movies in a kind of comic limbo.
Letting the ladies stagger through a shopping mall isn't an improvement over having them crawl through a supermarket in the first film.
Bad Moms 2, in that it could have been so much worse, winds up not being bad at all.
It's very silly and more than a little sentimental, but often really funny.
The seasoned cast sells the one-liners, and while there's probably at least one slo-mo montage too many, the promise of a sequel involving the trio of grandmas seems like a movie worth anticipating.
There's sometimes a perverse pleasure to be had in seeing fine actors slumming it in crass movies. Not here.
Please don't give this movie your money.
It may be the season for giving, but I've already given this film two stars (one for Baranksi) and that's enough.
Kathryn Hahn delivers another standout performance in A Bad Moms Christmas, which is nonetheless a disappointingly uneven comedy.
I'll give it five stars for the laughs but only one for the plot.
For festive fun, A Bad Moms Christmas is right up there with coal in your stocking.
Like most sequels, the film fails to reach the heights of its predecessor, but offers enough fun to make it worth your while.
And what the hell is this phenomenal cast doing in a movie that encourages such self-loathing in women?
Moore and Lucas are content to serve up the same strident, careless vulgarity, mixing up a batch of this expired nog as quickly as possible before audiences have a chance to reconsider their fondness for the original film.
It's understandable that the conflicts need some type of resolution. It's just that I was expecting something a little less over-the-top, a little less shiny, and not so neatly packaged.
Like the original, this is a slack and lazy script that pretends to be all "you go, girl" empowerment but in reality has contempt for its intended audience.
"I have heart cancer," Ms. Hines's character says at one point in a vain attempt to halt her daughter's complaints. I think I know exactly what she meant.
A lot of noise, but not many jokes.
Apparently, Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, working the distaff side of their Hangover sensibility once again, have no better idea for a plot than a visit from grandma, so they simply repeat it three times.
Quickly produced sequel is the right tonic for the season providing a double mother lode of laughs - and what is wrong with that?
Like the original Bad Moms, there is such a positive message in A Bad Moms Christmas that the fairly generic comedy is good enough.
The pressures of Christmas prove too great to fight off and the need for feel-good holiday cheer inevitably veers the film toward half-hearted, sentimental drama that seems purely obligatory to its seasonal milieu.
Bad Moms 2 chugs along as entertainment and is quickly forgotten.
Although it offers occasional chuckles and even a few solid, laugh-out-loud moments, the picture as a whole seems redundant and superfluous.
Despite what the trailers and marketing suggest, there's very little boozing, dirty dancing or men stripping in this movie.
This rushed sequel is an insult to its progenitor movie. A cheap knockoff that doesn't understand what made Bad Moms so smart, funny, and feminist-wise.
A puerile, sentimental R-rated farce -- for kids -- masquerading as "adult" entertainment.
... Christine Baranski's Ruth (Amy's controlling Mom), Cheryl Hines's Sandy (Kiki's clingy Mom) and Susan Sarandon's Isis (Hahn's feckless Mom) nevertheless get all the best lines and deliver plenty of hearty laughs.
Each performer brings something endearing to the mix, a blessing in the second half of the movie, where sluggish pacing means it goes close to outstaying its welcome.
A Bad Moms Christmas is a case of filmmakers having the right idea for a sequel but losing what made the first film work.
While it may lose some of its punch in its drive for comedic set ups, it still finds its heart at the end.
The trademark irreverence keeps proceedings likeable, and in the face of such an onslaught of swearing, casual drug-use and cheerful excess, it seems churlish to complain.
Few films know exactly what its audience wants from it as much as this sequel to the raunchy-schmaltzy Moms Go Wild (And Learn About Themselves in the Process) hit comedy from last summer.
Maybe they should take a lesson from the movie itself: Stressed out moms deserve better.
I found myself fixated on the lack of apostrophe in the title A Bad Moms Christmas. This isn't for moms-it's merely about them.
If you desire something light, occasionally surprising, and ultimately unchallenging, then A Bad Mom's Christmas is for you.
A Bad Moms Christmas finds the sweet spot of staying true to the original characters while adding in new dimension that may not be entirely original, but works well enough.
No, the movie doesn't go anywhere you couldn't have predicted from the beginning, but it's fun, and funny too; particularly for viewers who know exactly what it's like to be overworked and underappreciated.
Female audiences deserve better movies than this.
A Bad Moms Christmas has an entirely predictable storyline, but the laughs are consistent throughout. A few are real gems that will have you rolling.
A Bad Moms Christmas is thin and silly, like an overlong Christmas episode of a sitcom you pair with some reheated lo mein when you can't figure out what else to do on a stray weeknight.
Fans can best enjoy the movie the way the bad moms make the best of the holiday: lots of alcohol, lots of forgiveness.
What does it say about "A Bad Moms Christmas" that the funniest line in it is uttered by Kenny G?
IIt's kind of funny the first time a cute kid drops an F-bomb out of the blue; the fourth time, less so.
The adjective is part of the title, but it also serves as a pretty fair description.
Bad Moms Christmas takes everything that was wrong with the original Bad Moms, and inflates it with holiday cheer.
Has the shoddy look and frantic feel of a slapped-together, cash-grab sequel, because that's exactly what it is.
It is too bad that they get so little screen time because the snarky scene-stealing grandmothers are the only ones who are mildly funny in the movie.
I'm being generous by saying A Bad Moms Christmas is like getting socks as a gift.
It's hard to overstate just how awful - really, truly, unabashedly dreadful - A Bad Moms Christmas is, or to exaggerate the many levels on which it disappoints.
"A Bad Moms Christmas" is predictable and ridiculous and lame, but here we are, cracking up at the moms twerking with a department store Santa Claus again.
"Bad Moms" may have leaned pretty hard on its R-rated material, but "A Bad Moms Christmas" uses it as a crutch, piling on expletives and out-there situations without considering the toll they take on the film's emotion.
The holiday season has barely started and already we have our first lump of coal.
The success last year of Bad Moms made a sequel as inevitable as Christmas overindulgence. The combination of the two may lead to indigestion.
The movie has a good heart when it isn't constantly trying to outgross, say, the Billy Bob Thornton "Bad Santa" franchise.
Memories of this bawdy but ultimately cheesy comedy will be as stale as Thanksgiving leftovers before the Macy's parade starts.
Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, who jointly wrote and directed, are hacks whose sheer ruthlessness makes them effective to a degree.
Just about everything that is not Christine Baranski in this sequel to the 2016 comedy hit Bad Moms is unmemorable.
There's a regrettable lack of comic ingenuity in how this installment mines the well-worn trope of coping adult daughters and set-in-their-ways matriarchs not getting along.
You know a comedy is in trouble when it resorts to the Funny Montage multiple times.
Another slapstick dose of hard-R ridiculosity with a soft-nougat center, but it also passes the Bechdel test maybe better than any other film this year, and its older generation of stars are too smart not to go to town on their stock roles.
Adds star power but unfortunately downshifts the craziness to dive into full Hallmark Channel schmaltz.
"A Bad Moms Christmas" is pretty typical of Hollywood seasonal fare: a fine cast and a few passable moments, but the material is more miss than hit.
A movie can be unreasonably formulaic and still be reasonably diverting, and "A Bad Moms Christmas" is the proof.
The broad, sitcom-y material has inherent limitations that no amount of shameless, gleeful silliness can overcome.
Female audiences deserve better movies than this.
A Bad Moms Christmas is louder, busier and more pandering than the original - an exhausting spectacle of skilled performers gamely mugging their way through a cash grab.
The new film, while just okay enough to get by, takes a step back from the audacity of "Bad Moms" to something more cautiously conventional.
There is something depressing about how scenes of adult women merely having fun with each other in public is seen as almost taboo and/or hilarious.
embargo
An above-average comedy sequel/ heartfelt Christmas story kept afloat by the charm of the returning leads and their family dynamics.
It's painful to watch a talented cast grimace their way through this stuff.

@highlight

Featuring twice the moms but roughly half the laughs, A Bad Moms Christmas is a slapdash holiday sequel that falls short of the original with a disappointing dearth of good cheer.