Once the fight-for-their-lives plot kicks in, unfortunately named director Nimród Antal keeps the action intense and well paced.
An unpleasant and hardly entertaining creepy horror road movie that comes up as vacant as an empty room.
[Director Nimrod] Antal does such a good job that you almost overlook the absurdities built into the screenplay.
Vacancy is a no-nonsense, no ambition thriller, but sometimes that's more than enough to please.
Very creepy.
All things considered, not half bad. Indeed, it's much less than half bad.
Un pasatiempo eficaz que recupera parte del espíritu de la clase B al servicio de un relato tenso y por momentos perturbador, sin mayores pretensiones.
Vacancy isn't a commentary, just another graphically violent horror movie, traveling a well-worn path -- urbanites wandering into the countryside and being accosted by rural weirdos.
It's only in the last act that things begin to get a bit flaky but up till then VACANCY does what it sets out to do without any pretenses.
Vacancy may not be the most wholly original thriller but it has some heart to it and is directed with gritty, old school style by Nimród Antal. Coupled with the good work done by the leads, Vacancy is worth checking into.
Vacancy is an enjoyable, pleasingly old-fashioned thriller with strong performances and some expertly handled suspense sequences. Recommended.
This more than slightly familiar scenario doesn't give the principals much scope for acting.
Vacancy's an audience divider - a predictable yet occasionally classy film. Depending on your mood it's an efficient exercise in popcorn frights, or a cynical B-movie...
director Nimrod Antal settles for a more generic horror-ride as the imperatives of stalk-and-escape take hold. For a while, though, this is first-rate second-hand material.
Terrific turns by all make this a tense, if slightly predictable, treat for terror fans.
With shades of Psycho and The Birds, Vacancy sure isn't up there with The Master's finest work but, given that we haven't had a decent horror all year, it's a pleasantly creepy surprise.
Kit out the Bates Motel with surveillance cameras, replace Anthony Perkins with the ineffectual Frank Whaley, and you'd have the location for this irritatingly cheapjack snuff-horror thriller, starring Luke Wilson and Kate Beckinsale as a depressed couple
well, however much I wanted to love it, the same old sorts of things happen, and the rigorous plausibility and consistency on which everything depends are thrown away.
I know, you couldn't make it up. But someone did.
An effective assembly of familiar chills diminished by its unfortunate mainstream feints.
This stripped-down chiller has some decent jump-frights, but a dearth of memorable moments.
It's not pretty, but it's certainly vacant.
Vacancy enjoys a cracking pace, all thrills and no frills, leaving viewers barely enough time to catch their breath let alone to dwell on the odd hole in the plot.
Check in to "Vacancy" if you want to see the acting chops on "the other Wilson."
The movie is 80 minutes of mostly entertaining tension, punctuated by violence engineered by a creep using criminally outdated technology.
Watered down studio schlock.
Starts well but never goes anywhere with its grisly set-up.
Replicates the horror movie experience by placing its leads in a dark, boxlike room where they are menaced by loud surprise noises and scary images on a screen...
What starts out as a slick but generic urban legend meets slasher film turns into a surprisingly enjoyable thriller
Nothing in Vacancy manages to come anywhere close to the quiet and steadily mounting dread of the real thing, much less the purview of Norman Bates or his beloved mother.
A nastily effective, rough-edged gem of a horror-thriller.
Trite and opportunistic in its feints at intellectual weight... Best, in fact, to mine from the crumbly ore of Vacancy a drinking game plated in gold.
Snuffed.
Vacancy is a fun and violent ride, in the best possible guilty-pleasure sense of course, that suffers from only minor flaws. If only it ended 4 minutes sooner ...
My expectations were met early on, but fell flat in the end.
A paint-by-numbers affair that is not only tired, but looks as if it was written by a computer program.
Every cheap trick in the slasher-flick book is crammed into the movie's measly 80 minutes, and pretty much bungled.
While initially resembling the "victim porn" of Hostel, Vacancy into a nice, well-done Psycho riff.
Though Vacancy plays as gruesome horror in its own right, it's also director Nimrod Antal's criticism of how suffering has become the selling point in recent horror films.
The best that can be said is that it is what it is, and is competent at being that.
Short, scary and suspense-filled, it's a taut cat-and-mouse game set in a rundown motel.
That the thrills are genuine and executed with a sure hand is what makes the film work; that the characters are sympathetic makes it work better than it should.
A frightening and highly intense ride that doesn't let up for a minute.
Suffice to say there's not much genuine debauchery behind the check-in desk in Vacancy.
'They kill people who stay in this room and videotape it!' Luke screamed to Kate. 'In that case, I hope there's a free breakfast buffet,' she replied.
... every scene... add(s) to the film's running time instead of adding to the story. The real Vacancy... (is) the sum total of all the holes in this plot.
B-Movie goodness
The terror in 'Vacancy,' a pleasantly frightening little tale, comes from interesting characters and psychology rather than action and blood.
I'd call Vacancy a 'guilty pleasure' -- only I don't really feel any guilt about enjoying and recommending a fast-paced fright flick like this one.
Luke Wilson, Kate Beckinsale and snuff films... what can go wrong with that?
Vacancy may be trying to bridge both worlds, but it ends up straddling the fence.
Just the ticket for genre fans starved for a movie that actually thrills.
...a good old-fashioned scary film...
Vacancy, in the end, simply offers a particularly aggressive brand of couples counseling.
Even for a trashy little hide-and-seek movie, "Vacancy" is a disappointing excursion.
Well engineered if hilariously less than airtight even within the parameters of its own dark, sinister premise.
It's welcome to see another movie that relies more on apprehension and suspense than torture chambers. Vacancy might not get Mr. Hitchcock smiling from above. But he won't be spinning in his grave, either.
The rats are huddled in a neat little herd, obviously awaiting the next signal from a Hollywood rat wrangler. That's horrifying on a whole different level.
You'll start to wonder if anyone grasped the irony of making a movie about snuff films that actually kind of feels like one itself.
Packs a lot of old-fashioned shocks into its taut 80-minute running time.
From the nifty Saul Bass-inspired opening credits until the end, Vacancy is persistent in streamlining its thriller tropes.
For a thriller about torture killing for fun and profit, there's actually very little blood compared to say, the plasma-drenched Hostel, although it's plenty scary and the videotapes are appropriately nasty.
The point of Vacancy is the terror, not the torture. Horror is vastly more effective when left to the mind's eye and it is what we can't see in Vacancy that truly frightens.
It wants to be Hostel for nice, respectable folks, an objective that ultimately seems to be rather pointless in spite of the obvious talent behind and in front of the camera.
Strictly by-the-numbers horror.
Short, sharp and to the point, Vacancy has a single goal, and that is to scare the hell out of you. It's not as gleefully sadistic as, say, Hostel, but it will give you one very rough night's sleep. Naturally, I mean that as a compliment.
Lean, mean and without a single frame of self-conscious, aren't-we-cool humor in its 81 minutes, Vacancy is exactly the movie the bloated Grindhouse should have been.
Not too disgusting, but not very imaginative or suspenseful, either.
It has that kind of stupid energy, unhindered by logic, and it does eschew some of the more by-the-numbers crap you see in corporate horror films today.
Someone should've snuffed out all the clichés in this film.
Passable spook-show nightmare scary fare.
An insufferable, poor-taste thriller devoid of substance and almost completely free of scares, not to mention original ideas.
A quick and dirty job, a mean little movie ripping off the atmosphere and decorations of Psycho and a half-dozen other horror-thriller classics.
You start to think you're going to get a first-rate psychological thriller and instead you get third-rate schlock, with some legitimate scary moments but no insight into the motivation behind [Frank Whaley's character's] psychosis.
Considering the movie gets sillier as it goes along, relying on car stunts and gunplay to get to the ambiguous, unsatisfying finish line, it's unclear why [director] Antal wanted Vacancy to be his American debut.
There's no agenda in Vacancy other than to keep you in a state of nervous collapse for 85 minutes, but [director] Antal fulfills it honorably for the most part.
Antal is a little too gleeful in showing the dank motel and the seedy snuff films, suggesting the movie's biggest vacancy is in its makers' souls.
Your run-of-the-mill motel-from-hell slasher film.
We are given time in the beginning to understand the situation [the main characters] are in, but there's no real identity beyond what they mean to each other.
At a fast and furious 80 or so minutes, director Nimrod Antal drops viewers into a feverishly pulsating meat grinder and then refuses to let them go.
Vacancy is yet another example of that tedious pop-cinematic phenomenon, the genre 'tribute' movie -- a film in which the proud-geek director gets to demonstrate how much of his life he's wasted watching crappy old horror or action flicks.
Vacancy will prove vacant for the vast majority of filmgoers who drop in.
For a terror tale about snuff torture porn, Vacancy is actually rather subtle.
...the film achieves exactly the sort of fun, fast-paced vibe that both Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino were undoubtedly going for in [Grindhouse].
This banal horror retread involves a couple of critters flailing inside a sticky trap for what is, in effect, the big-screen equivalent of a roach motel.
Uses the simplicity of its premise to its advantage, reducing the story to its purest elements and using them to scare the poop out of us.
It's a problematic in-and-out kind of thriller that is more fascinating as a missed opportunity to be a true commentary on the genre even as it occasionally backs into it almost by accident.
Vacancy is bracing, blissfully succinct, and rip-the-armrest-off terrifying; it's worth every blood-smeared minute of your time.
Director Nimrod Antal has made a movie that is OK enough with never being horrible, and never being great.
There are some genuine thrills in Vacancy that make it a decent bill of fare for the horror fans.
Vacancy becomes a critique of sadistic thrillers, at the same time still serving as a crackerjack example of the genre.
Routine exercise in New Millennium movie mayhem.
Doesn't make a great addition to the register of motel-based horror movies.
So little is going on in it that you might as well be watching a sadistic lab experiment performed on mice.
Efficiency isn't everything, and [director] Antal sacrifices too much in order to sustain tension: Imagine what Michael Haneke or Brian De Palma would have done with a premise like this one.
It's the best big-budget Hollywood horror movie I've seen in years.
80 minutes of formulaic unpleasantness isn't even close to my idea of a good time, and I doubt that Hitchcock himself could have done very much with Mark L. Smith's script.
What drives Vacancy is its ingenious premise, from which director Nimrod Antal wrings every ounce of tension.
An all-night cat-and-mouse game, conducted with antic drive by director Nimrod Antal and carried along with conviction by the cast.
An economical (less than 90 minutes) and often brutally effective scare machine that sometimes, somehow, manages to feel less derivative than it is.
[Director] Antal's slickly edited, fast-moving style is the best thing about this otherwise-cliched movie.
Director Nimrod Antal works with razor-sharp skill, amping up the horror with suggestion and anticipation rather than flashy embellishments.
The kind of sleazily effective horror/genre movie Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino were trying for in Grindhouse. Vacancy catches you by the throat and puts you through the wringer.
A riveting little shocker in which a viewer buys into the entire grisly premise.
A near-toxic mismatch of script, cast and director.
A quick and dirty grind-house movie of its own...
A nicely compact, tense thriller that loses a little of its punch as a result of a rushed, generic ending.
No worse than your usual 'torture porn' horror movie, Vacancy is no better either. Diehard fans of the stars will be pleased with their performances, but the fence-sitters might want to the wait for the DVD release on this one.
Vacancy is a schlock surprise: a no-frills motel-hell slasher film -- with a bit of soul.
Antal's array of sleek cinematographic arrangements succinctly link his villains to his viewers as likeminded voyeurs turned on by scenes of torture and mayhem.
[Director] Antal smartly adheres to the no-frills demands of B-movie horror, eliciting impressive chills from old-fashioned suffocating dread rather than the now usual gore.
Feels tired, derivative and lackluster.
The way in which it gets off on the violence -- and, ostensibly, hopes the audience does the same -- is especially distasteful and, frankly, misogynistic.
If Psycho and Peeping Tom are the seminal killer-as-voyeur movies, Vacancy is the nasty little runt offspring with no other purpose in life but to gnaw on you. This it does uncommonly well.
Too bad the gifted Hungarian helmer Antal (Kontroll) makes his American debut with this sleazy thriller. Is it coincidence that the femme in this "original" tale is Amy, the heroine's name in the far superior Peckinpah's Straw Dogs and Mostow's Breakdown?
What Vacancy lacks in originality, it more than makes up for in pure and unadulterated scares.
Seldom has criminal violence been so unabashedly used for entertainment, in a story in which the criminals are perpetrating violence to be sold as entertainment.





@highlight

Vacancy's restraint with gore is commendable, the thin characters and B-movie cliches less so.