Pretty but tends toward dullish
The sequences are staggering in beauty, but they lack whatever secret ingredient Miyazki and Takahata were able to capture. [Full Review in Spanish]
Gorgeously detailed pastel interiors, watercolour landscapes and imaginative grotesquery make for suitably magical spectacle. As transporting as any witch's broomstick.
It's a beautiful film, expertly done and, although seemingly derivative of Harry Potter, offers a charming look at a Japanese version of England.
It's likeable and finely wrought, but not as adventurous as Ghibli's best.
loved the attention to English period rural detail but the pace is sluggish, the story distinctly unmagical...
There's nothing here we haven't seen done before -- and better.
It may lack the originality of the best Miyazaki films, but with its heart-swelling score and exquisitely realised worlds, this is a must for Ghibli fans.
The fantasy world is wildly imaginative and beautifully realised.
This art-form has long been thought to have reached its twilight years, but Yonebayashi's film brims over with the bounce and spark of childhood.
Harry Potter meets Spirited Away in this richly inventive Japanese animation about an English girl.
If you're after some colourful fun this'll do the trick, but let's hope Ponoc's next film offers as much for the brain as it does for the eyeballs.
Kate Winslet and Jim Broadbent fill out the impressive voice cast but it's the fantastical visuals that'll wow you - try to picture Hogwarts meets The Yellow Submarine. The hand-drawn imagination is truly eye-popping.
It is another example of that remarkable way in which Japanese animation is reviving the memory of classic English children's literature from the 1960s and 70s - otherwise forgotten in its native land.
As in all the best Studio Ghibli films that inspired it, the film also offers a sensitive and nuanced portrayal of its troubled young protagonist as she learns how to transcend her own insecurities.
Still working the Miyazaki playbook, if not quite with the maestro's level of expertise.
The result is a film every bit as emotionally engaging and downright wonderful as any Ghibli effort, and proof that Studio Ponoc may grow to become as universally beloved as the animation powerhouse that preceded it.
Yonebayashi pays perfect tribute to Miyazaki and Studio Ghibli with this bewitching and visually dazzling adventure. Studio Ponoc is off to a flying start.
Themes of transformation and passing the baton on sit nicely as subtext in a gorgeous animation that empowers its protagonist to find power in her weaknesses.
Most importantly, it has the same kind of charm and wonder, and the same simple message that being yourself is the best thing to be.
It's thrilling to have any semblance of Studio Ghibli back in our theaters and "Mary and the Witch's Flower" will momentarily satisfy that hunger, but will leave you wanting more.
...a fine animated feature that carries a good, strong message for its younger femme audience. Mary is a good role model whose promise and loyalty to friends is the most important thing.
Mary and the Witch's Flower isn't trying to be anything big and sprawling, and it shouldn't have to be. What's missing isn't a bigger picture, it's one that's more consistent.
This is still a compulsively watchable film with a strong female hero and a deluge of gorgeous images.
In the long run the film was disappointing -- because I just didn't care that much about Mary, the main character, and her hero's journey is strangely murky.
Mary and The Witch's Flower is a colorful and visually stunning spectacle, a film that packs plenty of detail within its frames.
... Mary and the Witch's Flower lives up to Ghibli's famously high standards...
When the film eventually embraces the razzle-dazzle of magic and adventure, it's a thrilling ride.
Predictable though Mary's flight path may be, she soars through gorgeously, intricately realised territory.
Te fluidity of Yonebayashi's filmmaking exceeds the occasional clumsiness of his dialogue.
A terrific work of character animation, world-building, and adventure filmmaking, 102 minutes of visual bliss.
Cowriter/director Hiromasa Yonebayashi ("When Marnie Was There")...was an animator on Miyazaki's "Spirited Away" and it shows...adult animation fans may find it warmed over Ghibli, its visuals and storyline all too familiar.
The animators invoke worlds upon worlds in Mary and the Witch's Flower.
A marvelous display of imagination and a visual feast of hand-drawn animation - an enchanting start to a new chapter of [Studio Ghibli].
The story is full of surprises and twists. It's also a sound reminder that this world includes some things that can never be harnessed.
Compared with most so-called family entertainment, Mary and the Witch's Flower deserves to be ranked high.
While he's rightly seen as carrying the anime torch for the now-retired master, Yonebayashi lacks that certain something-the edge of offbeat experimentation, perhaps-that made Spirited Away and My Neighbour Totoro international hits.
With this English-dubbed version personally supervised by the director, Yonebayashi's film also offers non-computer animation that's mostly lavish, lovely and only occasionally shuddery. There's also plenty of fantastical, even surreal inventions.
[Hiromasa] Yonebayashi has crafted a stunning movie with genuine heart and humor, and one of the grumpiest cartoon cats you've ever seen.
With Mary and the Witch's Flower, [Studio Ponoc has] come both too close and not close enough, resulting in an adventure that can never climb out of the uncanny valley it digs for itself.
The setting and premise allow Studio Ponoc to show what it can do.
The familiar story and underdeveloped characters aren't nearly as magical as the animation, but there's still a lot to enjoy in Mary and the Witch's Flower, even if it's not Hiromasa Yonebayashi's best.
As the story moves into familiar territory ... Mary and the Witch's Flower doesn't lose its sense of wonder ... What it does lose is its sense of discovery...
It shows tremendous promise, even if the movie exists so obviously at the mercy of its influences, and Yonebayashi at his.
... a thrilling and enthralling film and I would recommend any Studio Ghibli fan to check it out.
"Mary and the Witch's Flower" doesn't reach the heights of the best Studio Ghibli film, but it shows the studio's magical influence is alive and well.
A gentle, sweet story, told with painterly artistry.
Fans of Harry Potter-and there sure are enough of them-will love this magical broomstick ride from a gifted bunch of Studio Ghibli artists.
What Mary and the Witch's Flower lacks in dimensionality, it makes up for in wonderment.
The spell Mr. Yonebayashi casts is effective, but also ephemeral. It's minor magic.
The ending may fall a bit flat, but you'll remember the journey.
A gently refreshing change from the hectic plasticity that now dominates Hollywood computer animation, and even from most other anime.
The world is not so full of beauty that one can wave away Mary's visual majesty, especially now that its hand-drawn style is nearly a thing of the past. But the flaws in its writing are harder to overlook.
Ponoc's Mary possesses the same strong female protagonist, weird and wonderful beasties and slightly surreal charm as Ghibli's best.
The animators clearly love detailing the English countryside; it's rendered beautifully here, with the forest's greens, blues, and browns a lovely backdrop to Mary's earth-bound action.
And I'll admit that by that point, despite whatever creaks and lags had preceded it, I felt a compulsive urge to see it through and follow Mary and her little barking broomstick wherever they went.
This is a film about the adolescent pangs to belong that also mines its tale of magic and malevolence for an imaginative allegory about the excesses of scientific inquiry.
...a wonderful children's film full of fun magic and breathtaking imagination...
Enough to sweep audiences up in a journey that poses some good simple questions about science and ethics.
Sadly, this film struggles to escape the long shadow of Ghibli's past achievements, not least Kiki's Delivery Service - also about a young witch in training - as well as that of Harry Potter.
Yonebayashi's unwavering faith in the clear values and direct narrative structures of a good storybook energize his rousing entertainment with sweep and drive.
The film is filled with lots of familiar tropes, but it's done with such a bright, contagious innocence, you can't help but fall in love with it.
While there are plenty of small humorous and wondrous beats that work (and the film still easily surpasses the work of most major American animation studios), Mary and the Witch's Flower can't escape seeming Ghibli-lite.
Director Yonebayashi clearly fetishizes the romantic countryside setting of such European stories for Mary's time with her family, the school itself is quite unlike anything we've seen, making it easy to understand why Mary might think she's dreaming.
There's a sincerity to Mary that younger viewers, so often patronised by animated films, will welcome, and she also has plenty of spirit, but none of the supporting characters has enjoyed the same level of attention.
Magic flows freely if not infinitely in "Mary and the Witch's Flower," an effortless animated charmer from the gifted Japanese director and Studio Ghibli veteran Hiromasa Yonebayashi.
A stirring adventure most suitable for tweens and teens.
What deserves much applause is how endearing Mary is, the stunning visuals and lush backgrounds that are painstakingly hand-painted, a Ghibli trademark.
... at heart, the story is about excitement, wonder, and exploring the world.
A whimsical, winsome world of invention, gorgeously translated on screen by the animation team.
The perfect comfort movie for Miyazaki lovers who miss the way his movies made them feel.

@highlight

Mary and the Witch's Flower honors its creator's Studio Ghibli roots with a gentle, beautifully animated story whose simplicity is rounded out by its entrancing visuals.