A spellbinding film that charms with its quirkiness in almost every sequence.
This is the kind of personal filmmaking that could only have come together through a chance set of inspirations. Maybe you could call it fate.
The more love changes the more it stays the same. History itself falls prey to love in this delightful retelling of the Ramayana.
... beautiful and often densely detailed images ...
The brilliance of Paley's achievement is both graphic and structural-she has not only given Sita the visual specificity of a museum-grade gallery painting but also the intricate and inimitable voice of a classic Modernist novel.
A very creative and poignant animated film about the heartbreaks experienced by a Hindu goddess and a contemporary woman who share the universal pain and sadness that accompany the end of an intimate relationship.
It's akin to watching creativity just explode onscreen -- part abstract, part musical, part improvisation-style comedy, and, most compellingly, all inspired by real-life pain.
The story makes little sense to those unfamiliar with Indian culture and literary traditions, but it is made accessible for westerners by the use of a kind of Greek Chorus of shadow puppets who help interpret the story.
[Filmmaker Nina] Paley adapts the original 1922 story, The Ramayana, by Valmiki and, wearing many hats, produces a work that is fun, entertaining, educational, colorful and imaginative.
Charming indie animated film that doesn't insult anyone's intelligence.
And the ingenuity of Sita -- which evokes painting, collage, underground comic books, Mumbai musicals and "Yellow Submarine" (for starters) - is dazzling. Not busy, or overwhelming, or eye-popping. Just affecting, surprising and a lot of fun.
Paley's beguiling, consistently inventive visuals and sly yet melancholy tone are about as warm and winning as heartbreak-fueled empowerment gets.
Romantic breakups have provided inspiration to artists through the ages, but never have lemons been made into such a sparkling lemonade as Paley's done here.
The story shifts effortlessly between the two-dimensional collage style of the narrator segments, the classical artistic design of the Rama-Sita story, the pencil sketch style of the modern story, and finally Hanshaw's musical numbers in a two-dimensional
An infectious, dazzling and poignant story about love and loyalty in both mythical India and modern America, and perfect proof that animation can work for adults.
Even if its audience will be about 0.01 percent of that of Coraline and Up, Nina Paley's hilarious, effortlessly cross-cultural and utterly original animated feature should be considered with the same lofty regard.
Nina Paley's animated marvel mixes a personal tale of romantic woe with a fabulous, often hilarious, recounting of the Sanskrit epic fable The Ramayana.
Captivating, mesmerizing, spellbinding -- I'll throw everything in the movie-critic book at this animated feature by Nina Paley
Nina Paley's delicious Sita Sings the Blues finds solace in autobiography and an animated gold mine in the caverns of an ancient Sanskrit epic.
Sita Sings the Blues uses the supposed 'handicap' and 'limitations' of traditional animation to its advantage.
How does heartbreak become art? Just like this.
Startling in its delightful originality, it heralds the arrival of a major new talent in filmmaker Nina Paley.
It's a staggeringly brilliant, astonishingly imaginative feature debut from a cartoonist turned filmmaker.
The fact that a film this bold and adventurous can even exist in a time when even the independent filmmakers are less likely to find themselves experimenting with concept and form in the hopes of scoring a distribution deal is a cause for celebration
One of the most vibrant, thrilling animated works I've ever seen.
All the various visual styles come together perfectly. It is rare to find a film that can be enjoyed from start to finish.
An almost indescribable pleasure from Brooklyn-based cartoonist and animator Nina Paley. The film, dazzling and poignant and five years in the making, retells the ancient Indian epic The Ramayana from a gentle but insistent feminist perspective.
Avoids becoming pretentious or 'artistic' through a lively sense of humour that vies with the graphic design and Hanshaw's performances as SITA's main asset
To get any film made is a miracle. To conceive of a film like this is a greater miracle.
Among the most visually distinctive movies of the year.
Constitutes an irrefutable argument for classic 2-D animation as a viable, vibrant low-budget arthouse medium for adults.
It's an infectiously personal work...a sterling example of animation meant resolutely for adults.

@highlight

A tour de force for filmmaker Nina Paley, Sita Sings the Blues gives the Ramayana its animated due with a visually vibrant, dazzlingly imaginative triumph.