Geoghegan shows a healthy love of gore as he smears the quiet landscape with red.
A wonderfully weird, gory and full of heart and poignancy, We Are Still Here is an assured and well-crafted debut from Geoghegan that's clearly a heartfelt love letter embracing what genre fans enjoy most about horror movies.
Those who can spot a Fulci reference will likely embrace this creepy, bloody haunted house movie more than mainstream viewers. But if you like your horror, it's a treat.
A love letter to Fulci and the Italian masters, this retro horror tale recalls his House by the Cemetery by way of Sam Raimi's Evil Dead.
Full of smart and not always subtle references to horror film classics, especially those of European origin, and to New England literature, We Are Still Here is a treat for educated fans.
Geoghegan does a great job in keeping the tension high, teasing his ghastly ghosts with escalating bouts of gore infested violence to make We Are Still Here a film that will satisfy both haunted house and gore horror fans.
Offers a few good scares and some moments of high tension... Leads to a raucous and bloody finale.
Geoghegan manages to craft a film that works both as a modern horror film and as a love letter to the kinds of films he grew up with.
Mounted with a meticulous, mood-drenched sensibility. An old-school throwback with a classy, savage edge.
Really stands on its own as a memorable and utterly creepy genre offering that deserves to be seen by horror fans that appreciate something out of the ordinary.
It mixes stylish, subtle filmmaking with sudden gore effects to deliver a twisted take on the stale and anemic haunted house formula.
"We Are Still Here" has a long, slow fuse that sets off a wallop of a climax.
Geoghegan's debut is a stylish, assured and highly entertaining horror throwback.
Ted Geoghegan's We Are Still Here (2015) is a fittingly gruesome tribute to the halcyon days of 1980s splatter movies and the cosmic horror mythos of H.P. Lovecraft.
It's a captivating and remarkably assured achievement for first-time director Ted Geoghegan.
You'll notice all sorts of horror movie DNA floating through We Are Still Here, but it's also sort of novel and even a little bit unique in its own right.
Showcasing juicy performances by its actors who tear into their stock roles with admirable conviction, the film looks terrific.
Though ultimately a bloody, gory affair, full of sinister citizenry, country conspiracies & revengeful revenants, what makes WASHere stay burnt into the brain is its special brand of irrationality, not so much resolved as perpetuated in the end.
Demonstrates how homage can provide the undercurrent for a films visual and narrative language, yet go beyond simplistic checkboxing of references...Plays like a cold winter storm with occasional gusts punctuating the biting, incessant frigidity.
We Are Still Here is equally a great scary story and a great movie in general, showing how one has to go back to the drawing board to find out what really scares people.
It's old-school horror done on a meager budget with an intention to scare you in real ways.
Teasing routine, the endeavor instead spins off into its own strange world of poltergeists and family drama, supported by a full-throated moviemaking effort that gives "Here" cinematic authority, punctuated with a killer third act.
[One of an] unlikely duo of films in which folks way beyond their teens fight hauntings [which] injects a bit of the unexpected into a genre now tediously predictable.
More than a mere homage, "We Are Still Here" is the kind of movie you wish you could take back in time with you and project in your favorite 42nd Street grindhouse.
Once "We Are Still Here" unsticks itself from hommage mode, it finds something cathartically funny inside the fearsome.
"We Are Still Here" will make you scream and make you laugh, and possibly leave you speechlessly gesticulating at a charred zombielike ghost in the background. But the peak moments are too few ...
The movie never wants for scares. It might actually be the single most terrifying movie of 2015.
Think of it as an "unmake": an effort to make the new old again.
We Are Still Here is the latest iteration of people unwittingly stumbling upon an ancient menace, and it succeeds more than it fails, thanks largely to the nice work of first-time director Ted Geoghegan.
Geoghegan's directorial debut has enough decent scares to push it past pastiche.
Tautly paced, beautifully acted, and insanely unsettling.
We Are Still Here is a macabre throwback to isolated haunted house flicks that sports an explosive, pulse-pounding and genuinely intense third act.
Geoghegan has a knack for framing and a finely-placed prop.
Pays tribute to a wide range of films, old and new, while staking out its own distinctive territory, one that's equal parts melancholic family drama and supernatural shocker.
The haunted house genre has been done to death (pardon the pun) but this one has some genuine chills. The plotting is aggressive.
Early scenes overplay the shock of these phantasms, but just as you expect Geoghegan to crank up the effects, the film mixes in some subtler scares.
Add Ted Geoghegan's name to the list of filmmakers rejuvenating the horror genre of late...features a cracking cast, cinematography that invites one to peer into corners and a unique score featuring wooden wind chimes that calms and unsettles in one go.
We Are Still Here is familiar in many ways, but a clear love for the genre and a ridiculously bloody third act go a long way towards making it a memorable entry in the haunted house canon.
We Are Still Here is the first incredibly scary and pure horror film of 2015.
The movie is intermittently sad and funny, and always inscrutable, and then the climax is just pure, unqualified carnage. It's 84 minutes of hypnagogia that wakes itself - and its audience - mid-massacre.
The lumbering ghouls are a bit too hokey to be taken seriously as objects of terror. But they fit into a general thematic and design scheme that faithfully echoes a seminal era's often garish horror convention
We Are Still Here is more or less a 90-minute tribute to the superior haunted house features that came before. Great poster, though.
[An] entertaining, if schizophrenic pastiche.

@highlight

Smart, powerfully acted, and devilishly clever, We Are Still Here offers some novel twists on familiar territory -- and heralds the arrival of a major talent in writer-director Ted Geoghegan.