The film overcomes the central miscasting of Samantha Morton.
The way Ian Curtis blocked his onstage movement mirrored isolationism in his home life. He clasped the microphone stand like a drowning man would a life preserver, but he couldn't stay afloat in dreary waters of his own creation. A seamless rock biopic.
Film %u0107e stoga biti shvatljiv samo onim gledateljima koji detalje povijesti "Joy Divisiona" i Curtisovog %u017Eivota imaju u malom prstu, a to su, dakako, najokorjeliji fanovi.
Control never gets any closer to the mystery than when the music plays. Too bad it cuts the songs short, returning to the banalities they were meant to shatter.
The film leaves you with the impression of an almost painfully innocent young singer, for whom alienation was, alas, far more than a pose.
Control does justice to Curtis' legacy but fails to make any further grasps for significance.
Um filme repleto de planos magnificamente compostos e que se tornam ainda mais impactantes graças à impecável fotografia em preto-e-branco de Martin Ruhe.
Positioning art as a necessary surrender to a creative force which removes the self dangerously from existence and society, Control intimately connects in tragic yet euphoric ways to the mixed blessing of the radically unleashed musical imagination.
Some of Riley's musical performances are electrifying. This would not be a bad movie at all, except for the infuriatingly romantic portrayal of suicide.
Ian's trapped between insurrection and guilt, and so is Corbijn's film which mires itself in the artist's bourgeoisie dramas without figuring out how they influenced his music.
Smashes the music biopic mold by portraying the star at its center not as a mythological creature, but as a real-life, messed-up kid in over his head.
More expressive than Gus Van Sant's "Last Days" about a tragic music figure, but incrementally so.
Tells me more than I care to know about the ill-fated singer with a personality like talcum powder and songs fit to make the depressed even more depressed.
Part of the reason this film works so splendidly is that, given its ending, it doesn't have the luxury of pretend redemption.
Riley gives a great performance, and director Corbijn's direction is deceptively perceptive. One of the year's best.
The monochromatic palette suggests the kitchen-sink heyday of 1960s British cinema; fittingly, 'Control' is at its best when it concentrates on the quotidian.
Control humanizes Curtis while acknowledging that he could be remote and even cruel in his selfishness and despair.
Joy Division fans have already embraced Control, a film biography of short-lived lead singer Ian Curtis. Those of us who didn't follow the 1970s English band or the post-punk scene around it may feel less invested.
[An] absorbing and ultimately harrowing look at Ian Curtis' short, unhappy life.
A wobbly construction of facts, but as musical bio-pics go, it has real cinematic personality and avoids most of the painful clichés that tend to shadow these productions...you can sense Deborah's script-approval fingerprints all over the material.
Sam Riley is fascinating as Curtis, a hypersensitive young man hobbled by his incurable disease, and Samantha Morton is poignant as his put-upon wife.
Though the skeletal structure of the film is flawed, it ceases to matter -- after all, the point is MUSIC.
Even if you have no interest in Joy Division, this picture is worth seeing for the unsentimental empathy and passion of the moviemaking.
Control is easily one of the finest films ever made about the collision of music, madness, and the human heart.
Where many biopic actors simply dress like the subject and re-enact his or her life, Riley truly conveys Ian's heart and soul.
The film's examination of Curtis' seeming passivity "from a distance" grants his mythology%u2014as damaged, resistant rock star%u2014a kind of nostalgic weight.
Corbijn creates an extremely empathetic atmosphere, and Riley ranges richly and deeply over a whole world of emotions -- which, yes, includes massive continents of depression and hopelessness.
The movie has the same emotional directness as a Joy Division song.
Film is a powerful historian, especially one as compelling, dazzling and emotionally riveting as Control.
It's not as overwhelmingly dark and depressing as might be expected. Control is not particularly sunny, but there is some well-timed humor and it's well-acted.
Curtis' story is scant and unremarkable, filled with every rock 'n roll cliché save for drug addiction, but Corbijn treats it as though it's some sort of epic.
The film nails both the malaise and creative vigor of Curtis' short, bruised and chillingly relatable life.
Sam Riley, a newcomer to the big screen who portrays Curtis with eerie accuracy, has the stringy, underfed looks of a schoolboy in the midst of a sudden growth spurt.
Control is a brilliant feature debut by Corbijn, and a compelling portrait of the life and art of the late Ian Curtis.
Even if you're not a Joy Division fan, it's a compelling movie by a new director worth keeping an eye on.
Though Curtis is hopelessly dysfunctional, photographer-turned-filmmaker Anton Corbijn makes us achingly aware of the singer's talent, the haunting poetry of his songs and how, living in the gloomy culture he did, his passing was virtually inevitable.
Riley delivers a tremendous performance, not so much a mimic as a wholesale recreation of another human being.
A film that perfectly captures the essence of the legendary and influential cult band Joy Division and its tragic lead singer, Ian Curtis.
There is nothing here that fans of the genre won't have seen many times before but some of the elements are so brilliantly done.
Control" has an unmistakable pulse: a wiry, electric tension between the extraordinary spectacle of Curtis at maximum surge and the dented ordinariness of which his undear life, like ours, was mostly composed.
A work of art disguised as a rock-star biography, it's an evocative portrait of an iconic outsider and the place that he tried to transcend.
Curiously flat and unrevealing.
Joy Division has the movie that, for better or worse, lives up to the myth.
Control suffers a bit from a touch of dry art-house-movie self-consciousness. But that's easily offset by the deeper soulfulness through which the film patiently reveals Curtis' full, almost oracular gifts and the cost of his ordinary burdens.
Director Anton Corbijn seems determined not to let the music get in the way of the human story, and his fervor goes too far.
The movie examines a life -- and a death -- without getting deep about it. The result is oddly exhilarating.
Control is never less than completely engaging. The film is visually mesmerizing.
A good movie that falls short of greatness by aping too well the behaviour of its subject -- occasionally brilliant, sometimes mundane.
Riley gives a star-making performance as the complicated Curtis, and gets more points for convincing director Corbijn, who has shot the film in moody, monochromatic wide-screen black-and-white.
The extraordinary achievement of Control is that it works simultaneously as a musical biopic and the story of a life.
A steady and moving memorial to a man who rarely felt comfortable in his own skin.
Though it follows the usual biopic formula, Corbijn's stark, black-and-white widescreen visual scheme restores some of the story's real power.
Corbijin understands the essentials of the story. He succeeds, with Riley's help, in exhuming a flesh-and-blood person from the myth that Ian Curtis has become.
Methodical and cool, this film is more artful sonnet than fanzine rave.
Cinematographer Martin Ruhe's stunning black and white photography recalls the early Beatles days, Stuart Sutcliffe's doomed artist reborn in the post punk era.
A tragic and overtly personal story about an ultra-sensitive artist of the 70s who finds his instincts push him beyond his comfort zone, and where guilt overtaxes his innate sense of decency.
Credit the filmmakers for not mythologizing Curtis. However, he just might be a bigger enigma after watching Control.
Control honors its subject's eternal self-doubt by honing in on that truth and leaving the legend to others.
Control is that rare greatest-hits package that makes you want to go back and explore a band's entire discography, and moreover, that razes the cliches and renders their history as new, fresh and interesting as when it originally happened.
Though it comes off as a rather familiar and superficial story of a rocker's rise and fall, it has enough style-- and...intensity--to compensate for its paucity of substance.
The dull, obvious ending doesn't quite erase the successes of the first half, but it's a close one.
It simply rocks. In every way, an exceptional film. This is one of those rare gems you must not miss.
Riley makes a perfect Curtis, and Corbijn's finely shaded recreations of classic Joy Division performances are so exciting that the movie could've been nothing but fake concert footage, and it would've been every bit as moving as the filmmakers intended.
Corbijn's film serves as an undeniably powerful vehicle for newcomer Riley; his looks and his vocals are a dead ringer for Curtis', and the anguish he brings to bear on the last weeks of Curtis' life is frighteningly palpable.
Control is a haunting, evocative drama that stands as a fitting homage to the performer, his music, and his era.
Newcomer Riley is a revelation himself. He's the physical spitting image of Curtis, thin with fragile features, and his impressions of Curtis' violently jerky stage mannerisms are dead-on.
Story-wise, this picture doesn't break new ground; this is a tale that one can find littered throughout the pages of history both recent and long ago, but the way Corbijn has presented it gives it a freshness and fervor that makes it worth sampling.
At least Control does right by the doting wife, typically given the shaft in these movies as simply victim and toss-away, here played as heartbreakingly courageous by two-time Oscar nominee Samantha Morton (third times the charm?).
Control keeps you riveted in ways that 24 Hour Party People doesn't; primarily because of the investment of craft and conviction by all concerned.
Where Control might have been literal-minded and sentimental, it is instead enigmatic and moving, much in the manner of Joy Division's best songs.
Instead of painting a tiny, cramped picture intended only for the elite, it opens up one small corner of the world for everybody. Control is proof of the way the music of someone else's life can suddenly and magically become your own.
Control seems an honest tribute to a haggard ghost. It'll inspire many a young viewer looking for tips about the workings of self-torture and famous doom.
A gorgeous and well-acted movie that doesn't have quite enough substance to sustain its two hour running time.
Commits the crime of turning Curtis into just another music legend.
Control is like a wake where the guests forgot to bring the booze and, for the most part, have nothing very nice or even particularly interesting to say about the deceased.
You don't watch this movie, you live it.
[An] intimate look at a tragic footnote in entertainment. A moody yet strangely melodic concoction about creativity and confusion in an overwhelming abyss of artistic isolation
Parades so many smart, savvy strategies for avoiding the typical music-bio pablum that it's particularly dispiriting when the middle and end of the film so dully and incorrigibly embrace those very clichés.
Far from the fierce social consciousness of Mike Leigh, Control's images, if not its equally arresting performances, suggest a kitchen sink scrubbed clean.
One of the finest character studies of the year.
The exquisite images are continually underscored with an almost Lynchian creepiness.
Beautifully shot, superbly directed biopic with a great script and a terrific performance from newcomer Sam Riley.
The film is touching because it is very honest.
The grim black-and-white grain that director Anton Corbijn shoots in is both beautiful and intimate. And the performances are spot-on - none of the cast put a naturalistic foot wrong.
Curtis recalls a time when pop music was about more than ring tones, digital downloads or social networking. A time when there weren't thousands of cable stations and games consoles, and music played a huge role in shaping imaginations.
Control is a tremendous memorial.
The film ends, as it begins and largely unfolds, in a blaze of affectlessness. This is anomie as art.
A quiet, intelligent, beautifully shot yet oddly distant biopic of post-punk's dark prince. The legend remains intact.
As touching a biopic as you'll see all year, Control is about the loss thereof. Riley and the band excel, as Corbijn essays a mood both timeless and period-precise. At two hours, it (just) outstays its welcome, but rarely misplaces a beat.
Gripping and desperately moving.
Tender and heartfelt, Control is a technically accomplished and emotionally poignant portrayal of a modern icon made human again.
Suicide and the lives of artists are two of the toughest subjects for cinema to grapple with, and 'Control' squares up bravely to both.
Truthful, tragic and utterly compelling, Control is a must for any film or music fan.
A film about creative and emotional burn-out that says more about the fragility of the soul than any montage of ticket sales and 'sold out' signs could ever muster.
A terrific film about a complex human being.
Control goes past the clichés of punk rock-god gloom to offer a snapshot of alienation that's shockingly humane.
Has some trouble taking off before finally finding its way to a haunting conclusion.
Renowned photographer, graphic designer and music video director Anton Corbijn makes an auspicious film-directing debut with a stunning biopic about Joy Division singer Ian Curtis that is irreproachable.
A stylized biopic of Joy Division's Ian Curtis (poignantly played by Sam Riley), which captures the punk and post-punk eras, centering on the singer as a tormented, romantic man, who loved two women equally.
A film that must be seen by any true Joy Division fan, but also entertaining enough as an introduction to this influential band and its troubled singer.
Distinguished by its close connection to its subjects, coupled with unexpected flashes of irreverent humor, the film is as emotionally charged as the music it celebrates, which has been cited as an influence by everyone from Nine Inch Nails to U2.
Corbijn has done his research during 30 years as a photographer, striking a realistic balance between farce and tragedy.
Corbijn's movie is shot in a stunning high-contrast monochrome, perversely turning Macclesfield's grimness into grandeur. It effortlessly revives a British cinematic style that you might call beautiful realism.
After decades of acclaimed rock-and-roll photography and music videos, it's not surprising that Anton Corbjin's first feature film is about a musician; what is surprising is how well-crafted, sympathetic and good Control ultimately is.
It features lots of music from that time, and it has decent performances, but it fails to make the case for its fallen star.
Somber, sad and compelling.






@highlight

Control is a work of art, thanks to its evocative black and white cinematography and sensational performances from Sam Riley and Samantha Morton. Even those not familiar with Joy Division can still appreciate the beauty of the film.