The film turns out to be a sprawling disaster, something that not so much lacks direction, but actively opposes coherence on principle.
Any good stuff is counteracted by the redundant and pointless miserablism of the whole exercise: drifting awkwardly between several genres, from coming-of-age story to comedy to melodrama.
Nicolas Cage has decided to remind himself - and all of us - that, yes, he can act, That, in fact, he's a helluva an actor when he puts his mind to it.
The burgeoning relationships may be clichéd in this type of story, but each resonates when gritty portrayals form them.
The way director David Gordon Green uses Cage, and the way the actor modulates the performance, seems a quiet commentary on who he's become onscreen, and how to draw upon it.
A real movie, for grown-ups, fighting for table scraps in a marketplace dominated by spider-men and x-persons.
Nicolas Cage, in 2014, gave about 15 horrible performances and one great one
For two hours, Cage's bad-thriller past doesn't catch up with him.
A fantastic story of destiny finally calling for a drifter ( ... ) except that Gary Poulter was found dead two months after shooting wrapped, a victim of the alcoholic, hard-living, cancer-ridden existence he had somehow put behind him while on set.
Powerhouse performances from Cage and Sheridan and Green's engaging direction assure Joe is a film that will rattle around in your mind for days.
It's fascinating watching Cage play a man who is constantly trying to restrain himself, when as an actor he's best known for throwing caution to the wind.
Generally as raw as the steaks that Cage manfully cuts from the carcass of an impaled deer, the high whiff of which seeps through every frame of the film.
Nicolas Cage dials down the craziness to deliver a performance of true sensitivity and depth in this absorbing American indie drama.
There is a pleasing synchronicity between Joe's attempts to stem his temper and the effort made by Cage to keep his own actorly excesses in check.
Bearded redneck turns out to be a good look for Cage, who puts in his best screen performance since Werner Herzog'sBad Lieutenant
Nicolas Cage gives a rare internalised performance in this atmospheric drama, which has a stronger sense of its location than it does of its story.
With a bolder script, Joe could have been a Texan masterpiece to rank alongside Badlands.
The character could so easily have encouraged him to chew the scenery or lose himself in eccentricity but Cage responds with understatement and a sense of a man fighting to master his fate.
Green specialises in a soulful naturalism, and Joe contrasts moments of Malick-style lyricism with scenes of extreme brutality.
Joe is a gripping drama with a powerful moral core, that has sympathy for those trying to make their way alone through the world, but doesn't give them much of a chance.
David Gordon Green returns to his indie roots to create a world that is sordid, dirty, cruel, and whose only hope comes from the same place as the badness does, human nature.
An understated Nicolas Cage - there's a phrase you don't get to write too often these days - anchors a superbly realised film, which, like its eponymous hero, has a brittle outer shell concealing a surprisingly warm heart.
Exudes a quiet determination that American cinema could use more of.
After running a few fool's errands for Hollywood with the likes of Pineapple Express, Your Highness and The Sitter, director David Gordon Green makes a serious return to indie business with a full-blown case o' the Mississippi blues.
The plot griddles its right-on themes. Deforestation; social deprivation; child abuse; alcohol abuse . . .  It's a long menu and the food isn't any good.
Here is a seething piece of social-realist Southern gothic, featuring a powerful performance from a big and broodingly bearded Nicolas Cage.
Moody, melancholy and well-intentioned, Joe works better as a character study than the melodramatic parable that it eventually embraces.
Green's soul-baring Southern noir has much to say about those who speak with their fists and is a masterwork of threatening melancholy.
Green doesn't take the obvious route, looping in and out of a series of incidents instead of chaining them too tightly in cause and effect, creating real intrigue around Joe and his impulse to destroy.
What lifts Joe above similar stories, besides the acting, is Green's intense attentiveness to setting and atmosphere.
Nicolas Cage is as if the question "Turn down for what?" took human form and then starred in a bunch of direct-to-DVD thrillers. For him, there is no such thing as a 'phoned-in' performance.
Joe is elegiac and wistful, but it also is loose enough to let Cage run a little free.
Cage gives us a complex portrait of a formerly bad man trying to do the right thing in all his imperfect and messy glory.
a beautifully, painfully wrought drama about violence and redemption
Green is as observant as ever, and he not only conjures up a vivid, self-contained universe, but peoples it with fascinating, damaged characters. No matter how lowdown they may appear, Green seems to understand their humanity.
One of Nicolas Cage's great performances.
Joe may be too bleak and unsparing for some tastes, but it's an adult, accomplished drama that elevates an ordinary story to near-operatic heights.
Joe has just about everything right on the surface, but without anything for the audience to get engaged with, it merely results in an empty film and a waste of two hours.
Nicolas Cage doing some of his most focused, deepest work.
Both Nicolas Cage and director David Gordon Green get back to doing what they do best in this backwoods Southern yarn.
It's a classic redemption narrative where the ongoing temptations of violence culminate in a sort of justice.
A Nicolas Cage movie that turns out to be more than just another Nicolas Cage movie.
The shifting tones keep the movie both buoyant and firmly grounded, and playing out in a sphere pitched somewhere between the mythic and the muddy.
A tough rural drama by David Gordon Green that digs deep in all the right ways.
Joe is a shaggy killer-dog story. It has the trappings of reality, but it fakes it.
It is set in a South that feels like the South, and Cage's Joe isn't a caricature like some of his other Southern characters have been.
'What keeps me alive is restraint,' Joe comments, and perhaps Cage should adopt that motto for at least a couple more movies.
Director-writer David Gordon Green's quietly intense character study is a movie that reminds us that Nicolas Cage can still be a great actor when he wants to be.
Nicolas Cage finally gets away from his shouty, cartoony madmen, but it's hard to shake the sense that this was laboriously constructed around him as a showcase.
A tender, lyrical slice of underclass drama that also exercises a certain metaphorical connection to the low-lying fog of economic desperation that presently holds so many in its grip.
... a dynamic examination of masculinity and redemption about complex characters whose macho posturing masks an inner vulnerability.
Leaves an aftertaste of toxic horror.
Finally, a worthy Nicolas Cage performance
It's young Sheridan's Gary who makes the film work, with his mix of earnest ambition, stubborn courage and hopeful endurance. He gives "Joe" the honesty it needs.
A small-scale, expertly acted character study in which Cage plays an ex-con trying to make a quiet living in a backwater Texas town and trying, above all, to keep certain troublesome character tendencies in check.
What happens along the way isn't particularly surprising to those familiar with Southern gothic sensibilities. But if the path is predictable, the acting is not.
If only we knew the movie's title character a little better. But maybe being left wondering is another victory for Cage. When was the last time you were intrigued by a Cage character?
Joe is the Nicolas Cage comeback I didn't realize I was waiting for.
Joe hands Nicolas Cage his most ideal part in ages.
...when Cage's two selves collide you wind up with performances like his unjustly overlooked brilliance in Werner Herzog's Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call - New Orleans, or, if he takes it down a few hundred notches, in something like Joe.
Green shows a comfort with the people and the land in this rough-edged drama.
What ought to be bleak is instead a report on the tender dramatic attentions of one of our most generous contemporary filmmakers.
The film as a whole is a bit underwhelming but based on the strength of it's cast, and the joy in seeing Cage not do a role just for the cash, "Joe" will be a worthwhile watch once it hits Netflix.
After seeing "Joe", one wouldn't seem so crazy if they suspected Cage could be the next McConaughey to crawl out of the Straight-to-DVD doldrums and get back to the A-list.
For Nicolas Cage, whose dumb, rant-for-hire projects have lately been making audiences forget how good he can be, Joe is more than a rescue - it's a re-birth.
"Joe" paints a rich, multilayered portrait of a hardscrabble existence in this community, not unlike the world we encountered in Debra Granik's "Winter's Bone."
Cage is marvelous as reluctant father figure; the late homeless man-turned-actor Poulter is riveting as bad father.
Nicolas Cage returns to form in this harsh but eye-opening drama that also features a great performance from the late Gary Poulter.
The film belongs to Cage. You can feel his compassion as Joe defies the reduced options of his life. There's not an unfelt moment in Cage's performance. Or in the movie.
This is not just the best performance that [Cage] has given in ages-this is one of the very best performances of his long and strange career.
"Joe" ties up the audience emotionally.
This world feels studied in its "authenticity": the rusted GMC pickup, the tumbledown shack, the boozy brothel, and angry Joe Ransom guttin' deer and tending to his own gunshot wounds with a grimace and a bottle of alcohol.
A false start for both Cage and Green, two singular cinematic voices who have drifted too far into the seas of commercialism.
Gripping and at times agonizing.
If you've missed Nicolas Cage and the special qualities he brings to movies, "Joe" is a good place to get reacquainted.
Poulter's intensity matches Cage's, note for note. The frightening verisimilitude of his portrayal lends the film a cinema verite realism that nicely mutes some of Cage's star power.
Though "Joe" occasionally slips and falters, the filmmakers and actors get all the hard-luck details right. Besides, it's nice to see its star out of the cage for a change.
Whatever you call it, it's not quite right.
Nicolas Cage and Tye Sheridan can't save this story -- about a righteous ex-con becoming the surrogate father to an abused boy -- from turning into an exercise in rural wretchedness.
Mr. Cage gives his most committed performance in years as this divided soul, but it still looks like acting when compared with Mr. Poulter's embodiment of pure evil.
Nothing happens that you can't see coming, and while that doesn't mean it's unsatisfying, it makes "Joe" feel like a foregone conclusion.
Cage surprises you with his portrayal of a man who doesn't care whether the world likes him but discovers he's capable of taking an interest in someone who desperately needs help but can't bring himself to ask.
The film may take one too many detours on an overly familiar road, but it's been crafted with real feeling.
While Green deftly brings us into this small Texas town, perfectly capturing its inhabitants and their humid surroundings, the script by Gary Hawkins (adapting the novel by Larry Brown) overplays its hand.
"Joe" is not handsome or especially smart, but like its namesake, the film has enough rough humor and respect for hard work to qualify as average.
The characters are rich and round with human contradictions. Joe, despite his police rap sheet and outlaw temperament, has a core of tenderness and humor.
This Southern Gothic story is overwrought and, despite its beautifully decayed deep South setting and flawed characters who might be interesting underneath all their angst, is actually kind of boring.
A beautiful film, shot by Tim Orr, that is elevated by Mr. Cage's stirring portrait of a violence-prone man who can't restrain himself from doing good.
This kind of character could be deeply unappealing, but Cage appreciates the soulfulness of the story, as well as the swamp of backwoods Americana from which it springs.
Joe loses some of its focus when it delves into an undercooked revenge plotline, but the film uncorks its subtle beauty when it compares and contrasts the connections between Joe, Gary, and all the film's secondary characters.
Ultimately, the plot feels second to a well-executed, beautifully shot look at various struggles around class, opportunity and crushing rural poverty.
At a certain point, the backcountry stories become a blur. In its own, rugged landscape, though, each film carves itself into the tree.
It's messy and crude, but Joe has meaning that breaks through eccentricity, finding a tale of bruised compassion to help balance out all the sticky Greenisms.
If there is a point to it all, I couldn't find it.
What's commendable about Cage's performance, given his usual tendency to go as far over the top as possible, is the way the actor downplays even the occasional surge of violent emotion.
Joe is Cage's periodic reminder that he's one of his generation's great talents. Perhaps he's reminding himself.
"Joe" works better as a study of character and environment than as the thriller it tries to become in its final act. But it's still a valuable testament to the talents that lie within the sometimes inexplicable, always interesting Cage.
They may be all too rare these days, but there are still occasions when Nicolas Cage can surprise us, flashing hints of his old acting-without-a-net self.
...has a real feel, at once dreamy and doomed, that's hard to shake.
[...]Joe is paradoxically brutal yet tender, populated by hard men who wear the scars of difficult lives inside and out [...]
When Cage doesn't grandstand, you can see what made him so likable once: his boyish earnestness, his touching lack of cynicism.
Joe is a miserably perfect portrait of a culture on the brink of collapse.
Cage's best role in over a decade, his best performance in even longer.
Green, as is his wont, too often strains for poetic effect through flowery voiceover and tone-deaf interactions-like those between Joe and his latest short-term girlfriend-that undercut the genuineness.
A whiskey-slugging melodrama that wears its considerable heart on a tattered sleeve that smells of last night's cigarettes, Joe is David Gordon Green's most dramatically assured story to date.
[Nicolas] Cage balances moments of grace with classic Nic Cage freak outs.
A powerful piece of Southern gothic that gives Nicolas Cage his best role in years.
Powerful and crushing. Joe is another profound achievement in David Gordon Green's career.
Director David Gordon Green finds a balance between symbolism and realism in his storytelling that allows the film to be many things at once.
A reminder of director David Gordon Green's knack for atmosphere, and of 17-year-old Tye Sheridan's status as one of the most promising young actors in the movies today.
This is how Cage became a movie star in the first damned place -- by being a remarkable actor.
The film begins with a beating and doesn't let up.
I was much impressed by Nicolas Cage's atypically controlled work in Joe, which sees David Gordon Green make a welcome and mostly assured return to his roots.
There's a point at which it crosses the line into inadvertent hicksploitation, with cartoonish blood feuds, forced prostitution, dogfighting, and other Southern-fried horrors. But Cage (and Sheridan) does what he can to bring it down to earth.
If "Joe" marks a new beginning for some of its characters, the same description applies to its director and star.
Rough-hewn and sometimes too garrulous, Joe may not be quite the equal of Green's earlier films. But it's nicely judged and, like Joe's bad dreams, can't be ignored.
oe is a strikingly well rounded story of a hot-tempered man trying to deal with his demons and whose attempt to help a down-on-his luck teenager turns into a tender-but-tough protector but also takes him on a course towards violence.
Joe serves up a bloody cut of Southern Gothic and a bullish portrait of masculinity in crisis, perfectly embodied by Nicolas Cage.
The whole thing makes Winter's Bone look as cheerful as a Li'l Abner strip, and there's something distastefully condescending about it.
Where it really works is in Cage's bone-deep characterization of a man at war with himself, as tightly leashed as the badass bulldog that guards his house.
The fluency of the storytelling isn't always up to snuff, and Green is prone to inserting in spurious single-serving scenes which feel like they're there to artificially bolster the character motivations.
A patiently observed, often unsettlingly violent drama that can't help but feel overly familiar in some of its particulars, rich in rural texture but low on narrative momentum or surprise
Another strong movie from David Gordon Green, Joe makes beautiful use of its Mississippi setting and reminds us that Nicolas Cage can still do great work.
A great piece of southern gothic storytelling. A return to form for both David Gordon Green and Nicolas Cage, in his best performance in years.
Ultimately comes together as a striking character meditation.
Before you can say it's a dog-eat-dog world out there, Green serves us with a tawdrily obvious scene in which one dog does indeed eat another.
Green may not have found a distinctive voice quite yet, but Joe suggests he's getting closer.
Cage excels as Joe here: amongst all of the larger-than-life southern characters in the film, Cage's performance seems almost subdued and he is completely convincing.
It's not exactly doing anything new, but it's a muscular and textured piece of work that shifts assuredly through tones and genre, and features a rich and rewarding performance from Cage, and another excellent turn from his young co-star Tye Sheridan

@highlight

Rich in atmosphere and anchored by a powerful performance from Nicolas Cage, Joe is a satisfying return to form for its star -- as well as director David Gordon Green.