Both a classic and underrated Disney film, if that's possible.
With its marvelous mixture of an engaging story, beautiful animation, loveable characters, and unforgettable music, Pinocchio remains a grand adventure that both kids and adults can still enjoy today.
Expertly balances whimsy, adventure, terrifying perils, music, comedy, and warmth on the way to a reassuring worldview of moral order, of virtue rewarded and the bosom embrace of familial figures. [Blu-ray]
Pinocchio is the greatest, most terrifying film in the Walt Disney Animation Studios canon.
Walt Disney has waved his magic wand over Collodi's world-famous fairy story, "Pinocchio," and presto! he has changed it into the most enchanting film ever brought to the screen.
Although it may lack the heart-tugging appeal of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the consensus among animation fans is that 1940's Pinocchio remains the most perfect animated feature Walt Disney produced.
Some films you think you know well, until you revisit them, and are struck all over again by that sense of wonder that moved you in the first place.
Even in our cynical age, it still manages to impress.
At the heart of this art is the thrill of the then-new: when Pinocchio hits sea-base and gushes "Gee! What a big place!", we share a sense of joy at the filmmakers' creative adventures.
One of the crown jewels of American cinema, and arguably the most beautiful animated movie in history.
Dreams are something we all need to have, irrespective of age; this uplifting fable reminds us of that.
Continues to shine bright as one of the most magical and delightful films in the Disney animated library.
Pinocchio is above all a cautionary story of the dangers that lurk beyond the comforting arms of the family.
In spirit a classical European fairy tale, full of wonder and terror … a pinnacle of artistic achievement that, after Bambi, classic Disney would never even try to match again.
The original Scared Straight!
It's still amazing to watch the sheer delight in movement and the sheer joy in decorating the frame with colors and shapes.
Nope, no perverted subtext here.
Pinocchio is a substantial piece of entertainment for young and old.
The charm, humor and loving care with which it treats its inanimate characters puts it in a class by itself.
It still is the best thing Mr. Disney has done and therefore the best cartoon ever made.
Probably shows Disney's virtues and vices more clearly than any other cartoon.
A witty, touching, beautifully composed fable with strong biblical undertones.
The moral lessons include a literalization of metaphors about lying and other forms of misbehaving, and the grasp of a little boy's emotions and behavior often borders on the uncanny.
Can be enjoyed by both the young and old for its fine detailed craftsmanship and pleasing fairytale story.
For today's knotty kids, Pinocchio's tale still has a few lessons, especially for little boys who lie, ditch school and go to amusement parks.
Possibly the best Disney animated feature
gorgeous
Maybe the best Disney of them all--and that's no wooden compliment.
Clearly the high-water mark of Disney's animated features; very nearly the high-water mark of American commercial film.
Perhaps the high water mark for Walt Disney Pictures. Sixty-five years still haven't produced its equal.
arguably the greatest of the studio's hand-drawn animated films, a technical and emotional marvel that has lost none of its charm, humor, or horror in the nearly 70 years since its initial theatrical release
It's an exciting and sometimes, for younger kids, scary adventure.
Pinocchio is truly a frightening tale that parents need to carefully consider whether to show their children.
Was there ever a scarier, more exciting animated feature than Pinocchio?
Not up there with the very top echelon of Disney classics, but Pinocchio will still work its magic on younger viewers.
A marvel and a joy to behold, it's the real thing. It's the stuff that dreams -- and nightmares -- are made of.
One of Disney's greatest triumphs.










@highlight

Ambitious, adventurous, and sometimes frightening, Pinocchio arguably represents the pinnacle of Disney's collected works -- it's beautifully crafted and emotionally resonant.