Gyllenhaal can, in fact, act, so the blame must fall elsewhere for his dim performance, all topless tears and soulful voiceovers. The same goes for Peter Sarsgaard, Chris Cooper and Jamie Foxx, three good actors forced into contortions of theatrics.
Slick military faux-criticism
For some it's an anti-war message, for others it's just a non-biased portrait of a man who never went to war despite being in the military during war time.
Sporadically entertaining, and ultimately pointless -- although that seems to be its agenda right from the start.
As a depressive riff on Generation X's first war...it's exceptionally well-crafted.
What little statement the film makes revolves around the absurdity of these men, trained to shoot with ultimate precision, and never given the chance to fire off a round.
As time passes, waiting for orders becomes like waiting for Godot, an absurdist tragicomedy of frustration, madness and masculinity gone awry.
A series of disjointed, shocking, and often unintentionally-humorous vignettes designed to celebrate boy-boy camaraderie while fomenting anti-Arab sentiments in the name of God, mom, and Apple Pie.
The first 20 minutes of have masterpiece written all over them, unfortunately, that fire peters out quite constantly until the film comes to a near flat lining ending.
As usual, when the US makes war against the rest of the world, it's the artist who steps up to the plate to expose the lies and senseless tragedy, not the faint of heart or soul politicians and media.
full review in Greek
Jarhead is simultaneously audaciously original and so mired in the clichés it knowingly acknowledges, sends up and honours that it has little new to say.
Thanks to its poignancy and expert crafting, Jarhead could become a classic war drama -- one that speaks for a new era of soldier and worldliness.
Swofford has said he doesn't mind the movie's alterations, but the real issue is how it dulls the intimacy and idiosyncrasy of his voice, which was the book's compass.
if not a classic war film, at least a top-notch and engrossing imitation of one.
It's another fine Gyllenhaal performance, but not really enough, because his suffering doesn't amount to a hill of Kuwaiti sand in the end.
The film's strong suit is vagueness, presenting combat as a semi-surreal state of ignorant expectation and dislocated experience: these warriors loll in the desert awaiting action or trying to make sense of its consequences.
All the absurdities of the human condition are compressed into experiences of war, or at least that's the impression we get through Jarhead, Sam Mendes' fascinating film based on a real memoir by a Jarhead.
Jarhead takes a perverse pleasure in confounding your expectations of what a war movie should be.
All talk, very little action.
Stunning to look at and to listen to, with elegantly chosen pop songs unspooling on the soundtrack under each fresh new horror.
Gripping, intelligent and amazing to look at, here, at last, is a combat film that's not to be missed -- even if there's no combat in it.
Gyllenhaal effortlessly carries the film, making an engaging lead, even if his character's lust for the pink mist is a little disturbing.
Perigosamente dúbio do ponto de vista ideológico. Se viesse com bula, este filme deveria trazer o aviso 'Deve ser mantido fora do alcance de crianças e de pessoas imaturas'.
A good movie, but definitely not for everyone, as much like the marines starring in this show, most of your time watching the film is spent waiting for "something" to happen.
Jarhead gives voice to the humor and horror of military service during wartime, the things that those who served will not and cannot convey to civilians.
Jarhead is utterly predictable (boys endure tough training; boys encounter another culture and are baffled), studded with first-rate performances.
Screenwriter William Broyles, Jr., a former Vietnam pilot and Newsweek editor, connects reasonably well with the material, but American Beauty director Sam Mendes has a tendency to smooth out the rough edges, and the film goes flat as month-old soda.
It is clear, fairly early on, that David O' Russell's vastly superior Three Kings is still the definitive opus on the first Gulf War.
...as a memoir "Jarhead" is fantastic, as big budget Hollywood entertainment, the film is a failure.
It uses [its] influences as thematic shorthand, not adding anything of its own, and it doesn't stick to any of them long enough or consistently enough to really draw you in.
Swofford's funny, poetic prose ignites the meandering, anticlimactic narrative; Mendes struggles to find his own voice. Why does such a personal story seem like so many other movies?
Many expected Jarhead to be this generation's Platoon, but it's not; it's actually better.
It's not a pretty picture, but it is a lovely film.
It's a masochistic exercise in bottled-up potential energy just primed to explode.
For those bemoaning the lack of "action," I'm sure whatever flicks come out after the end of the current Iraq War (whenever that turns out to be) will be much more, uh, "entertaining."
For all the interesting aspects of Jarhead, there's way too much filler for it to be more than a so-so picture.
Atrikingly visual and thematically stirring, but it doesn't say anything terribly revealing.
Sam Mendes' movie is more about how training for war affects a man than the war itself.
In large part, Jarhead is a retread of [Full Metal Jacket] but with all the interesting stuff %u2013 thematic and stylistic %u2013 taken out.
Few films have made military life, especially in wartime, seem so unappealing. But its achievement is also its detriment: soul-killing routine rarely translates to compelling art.
This is the new kind of war, where you don't see the enemy until you stumble across his charred body. This is Jarhead. It's not epic. It's really sort of a cat-and-mouse game.
I came. I saw. I didn't do anything. I went back home.
Jarhead makes you consider the frequently harrowing conditions of those men who put their lives on the line for our country, doing what they're told, without question.
"Sands of Iwo Jima" (1949) in the style of "From Here to Eternity" (1953), updated for the Gulf War.
For Swofford, the war was one long and losing battle against boredom. For anyone caught in the draft of this blustery movie, the experience will be much the same.
We should all hope that our personal frustrating dead ends are directed by Sam Mendes...beautifully realized and sobering.
..."thank you" for your service.
The film's mixed messages about war and the Marines may be an attempt by director Sam Mendes not to provoke his audience, but it leaves Jarhead weirdly unresolved.
Think of Jarhead as "Waiting for Godot" with sunscreen.
Grippingly flirts with peeling back the layers of truth on these subjugated capital-I issues...
So many films have concentrated on the horrors of war, but none in my recent memory has dealt with the tedium.
A fine, sometimes genuinely tense war movie that doesn't deify war or the Marines at its core.
The worst recruitment tool the Marines could have hoped for.
Not about war, but about training, camaraderie and the awful psychological toll on the men as they wait for war.
Like the marines in this movie, we are forced to deal with the boredom as well as the excitement.
Performances and images from 'Jarhead' will stay with you long after the houselights dim.
Jake Gyllenhaal, after a string of astonishingly mature portrayals of adolescents, turns in his first great adult performance as Swofford...
Jarhead suggests that today's armed forces are not exactly flush with the best and the brightest ...
Basically, (director Sam) Mendes and (screenwriter William) Broyles paint too big a canvas and cannot adequately cover it all.
A pointless picture, [it's] a boring meditation on the boredom of war.
Jarhead is a powerful, darkly funny look at the toll that comes when preparedness collides head-on with boredom.
A war movie that defies the genre by expressing that even without heavy combat, the war remains a part of these men forever.
The result is much like the movie itself, as well-trained men perform an exercise that is noble in purpose but, ultimately, devoid of larger meaning.
given the director's pedigree, it has to be considered as a serious disappointment.
Forward momentum is constantly at risk of running out of gas or thrown a monkey wrench by frat level interaction.
Don't walk in to "Jarhead" and expect to see an editorial for or against war. This isn't that kind of movie.
This is a very strong film with really good performances.
...some may be disappointed Jarhead isn't a typical war movie. But make no mistake, the film is about war--and it'll still get under your skin.
Ultimately, "Jarhead" is pretty pointless but the film does look wonderful, and the performances are very solid.
Perhaps no Director is Better at Illuminating the Pitfalls of the American Working Man than Sam Mendes. Plus, his third effort Jarhead is not bad, either.
Jake Gyllenhaal turns in a solid performance.
Too heavy-handed, muddled, and simplistic to completely succeed as either drama or in its anti-war message.
Jarhead isn't an easy film to shake off - and that's a good thing.
there's no hook, no intimacy beyond the obsession by the characters with bodily functions of all kinds and a memorable dance by Gyllenhaal wearing nothing but two Santa's hats
Jarhead is one of the most reflective and meditative military melodramas to be conceived from the point of view of the weary trigger-happy Marine.
Sniper-like precision has become old-fashioned. More effective weapons only deepen the despair of war.
Jarhead is a frustrating piece of craftsmanship, a fantastically made movie on a technical level that leaves viewers with nothing in the end.
Gyllenhaal is remarkable, especially in his Christmas Eve scene, dressed only in two Santa hats......
Jake Gyllenhaal attains acting heights here that are not even hinted at in his earlier roles.
The mundane and the tedious take precedent over insight and polemics.
What's so good about the movie is Gyllenhaal's refusal to show off; he doesn't seem jealous of the camera's attention when it goes to others and is content, for long stretches, to serve simply as a prism though which other young men can be observed.
Director Sam Mendes' third screen outing pretty well nails Swofford's tone, which was mordant without being disrespectful, and, in fact, is begrudgingly reverent of the Corps.
English director Sam Mendes drains Anthony Swofford's scathing, hilariously profane memoir about his stint as a Marine Corps sniper during the first Gulf War of much of its righteous anger.
Jarhead makes its points less obviously than most war films, and with more brains than blood.
The best war movies -- and this one, despite its being overlong and repetitive, is among them -- hold that men fight (or in this case, are ready to fight) not for causes, but to survive and to help their comrades do the same.
Jarhead is often a film about boredom, but it's never boring; full of unexpected touches and detailed character turns.
It's a powerful experience that measures the human cost of its war -- and all war, really -- less in terms of battlefield statistics than in the subtle, degenerative psychological effect that it sends rippling through a generation and a society.
The invigorating thing about Jarhead is it makes us encounter the truth in its undigested form.
Jarhead is not a blank, but it never quite pulls the trigger.
Gorgeously shot and flawlessly acted, Jarhead readies the audience for a dramatic wallop it never delivers.
As hard as the actors work, Jarhead feels false right down to its seductive visuals.
Gyllenhaal is the heart and soul of a darkly funny and ferociously intense movie that sets its sights on soldiers under the gun of doing nothing.
The film itself feels a little boring and tedious.
...war film as allegory for an unfinished sex act...
In creating Jarhead, the filmmakers opt for a segmented, episodic style that befits the narrative's origins in a book. On film, that style generates few connecting threads or smooth flow.
Unlike [other] war films, this one's not about what it's like to fight, but rather what it's like not to fight. And that alone gives this exceptionally produced and directed drama its own unique place on the cinematic battlefield.
Although the picture suffers a narrative letdown in the third act that leaves its central characters -- and, alas, its audience -- in the muck of anticlimax, Jarhead has moments of real glory.
[Jarhead] is interesting, entertaining and sobering as it shows a war where the men fighting and dying didn't have a clue as to why
As much as Jarhead seeks to break new ground, the movie feels calculated.
Jarhead can't shoot its way out of its own cliches.
Appropriately obscene, violent and graphic, Jarhead gives a real taste of military life: the grueling training, the harsh physical conditions, the adrenalized masculinity, the undercurrents of aggression, sexuality, fear and death.
The movie is so good you wish it were even better, particularly in its characterizations.
Instead of overwhelming you with the brutal violence of war, this debilitates you with the tedium of life near the trenches waiting for something, anything to happen.
Do I quibble over details? Details are all the movie offers.
The movie has some of the washed-out look of David O. Russell's excellent Three Kings, but none of the edge.
Jarhead is a chaos of seemingly abstract moments arranged into a triptych.
The people you feel most badly for in Jarhead are not the men played by these talented actors, but the marketing department at Universal Pictures, saddled with the impossible task of selling a war movie that doesn't contain any actual war in it.
The film's lack of meaning seems all the more egregious, particularly since even wartime inaction contains large doses of political consequence.
Jarhead, taken from the book by Anthony Swofford, a veteran Marine sniper from the first Gulf War, takes what might seem the easiest soldiering job in the world and tells you something profoundly different.
I dare anyone to watch this bold exercise in postponed gratification and not come away with a new, disturbed sense of the genre.
A war picture that, trying to pass off fidelity to the book as objectivity, sacrifices any voice of its own, and ends up not knowing what to think.
Mendes does sacrifice a tighter plot and some character development in order to cram in a lot of cool scenes from the book. But in the end, viewers will be discharged with a clear view of war: Even boring ones really do suck.
Nicely acted, beautifully shot and pretty much devoid of action and context, Jarhead has to be considered one of the year's biggest failures, simply because so much talent went into a film so empty.
In the end, Jarhead is more of a training exercise than a meaningful mission, one that hits some targets without drawing any blood.
... keeps the focus squarely on the embattled title characters, valiantly struggling to survive the only war they know: the one inside their heads.
It's not easy to make an interesting movie about men who are bored, and Jarhead can't quite rise to the challenge.
Jarhead does an impressive job of articulating the weird, often volatile convergence of the antisocial with the utterly loyal that seems to be the M.O. of a lot of men not yet grown.
Based on the acclaimed memoir by Anthony Swofford, Jarhead presents a no-holds-barred testimonial from the scrambled and ribald perspective of a 20-year-old Marine sniper.
As a study of one man's war experience, Jarhead has its moments. But if you want a great movie about the Gulf War, rent David O. Russell's Three Kings.
It's a unique vision of war from the point of view of a Marine who never pulled a trigger against a foe.
The film evokes Three Kings, Full Metal Jacket, Catch-22, and other touchstones of the genre without ever establishing its own identity.
A visual masterpiece.
There's not a whole lot going on. This is a war movie without a major battle. ... Mendes, a director of indisputable talent, just can't seem to find his footing.
Full of humor and biting satire that never drowns in sentiment.
As fascinating, funny and shocking as those waiting moments can be, the audience is also left waiting for [the filmmakers] to finally declare themselves.
Gyllenhaal gives his strongest performance yet, perfectly balancing the frat-like bravado and utter cluelessness of young guys riding out their terms in the military
Some criticize Jarhead for ambivalence and ambiguity. But that's what Swofford's experience was about.
A meandering, confused, frustrating film about a meandering, confused, frustrating war.
I expected detached, exacting precision from Mendes, but Jarhead is as volatile as its characters.
This is not a war film; it's a lack-of-war film.
When you make a film about the tedium of war, you run the risk of making a boring film - and Sam Mendes falls into that trap.
[T]he movie swiftly takes us through the brutalities of basic training, turning its characters from... civilians into trained fighters and killers. Then it asks them to wait.
The tag line for this film is 'Welcome to the suck.' Consider this your warning.
...an effective, haunting new spin on a well-worn genre.
[Gyllenhaal's] face isn't saying war is hell -- it's saying war isn't everything it's cracked up to be.
Regardless of how lush and fully realized the imagery is, Jarhead as a movie is stuck permanently in basic training.
Stylistically stunning and performed with conviction, 'Jarhead,' nonetheless, leaves the viewer emotionally unconnected.
Jarhead is like the prologue of Heaven's Gate; a long and unnecessary setup to the real meat of the story which is Three Kings.
Jarhead is a personal story about one Marine that helps give us insight into a world most of us will never experience.
War is hell, and some war movies are hell to watch - such as this one
Although it's well made and entertaining enough to recommend, the actual point of the film is...well, hard to find.
...manages to avoid clichés...and present a side of war never offered before by Hollywood: a side that hundreds of thousands of American troops are experiencing right now.
if not a classic war film, at least a top-notch and engrossing imitation of one.
Beautiful tedium is still tedium.
From nightmare landscapes of endless oil-soaked sand and charred bodies to the small confines of a testosterone- and liquor-soaked Christmas party in the tent.
Have you seen that trailer that precedes the movie, the one urging people to join the Marines? This tough pic is an antidote.
Jarhead feels detached, and the internal turmoil of its protagonist (played by Jake Gyllenhaal) lacks urgency -- even with first-person narration to fill in some of the gaps.
works on a pure entertainment level, but it is dealing with subject matter that demands more. It's about as thought provoking as an episode of M.A.S.H.
It's a good thing Jarhead features strong acting; otherwise the uneven ratio of exposition to action would become unbearable.
Mendes paces his picture with military-like precision, aided by master editor Walter Murch (Apocalypse Now).
[A] sweltering and pristine portrait of one Marine's experience of the first Persian Gulf war.
Jarhead will leave many viewers satisfied and others scratching their heads. But everybody will be asking questions.
A film about one of life's most primal experiences that's completely devoid of any sense of urgency.
Jarhead is a movie that walks up to some of the most urgent and painful issues of our present circumstance, clears its throat loudly and says nothing.
As much as we intellectually admire Jarhead, it's a cold film that only sporadically makes the kind of emotional connection it's after.
While beautifully crafted from a purely visual standpoint, the film remains structurally chaotic and emotionally remote.
Jarhead is a minimalist epic -- a grunt's eye view of the 1991 Persian Gulf War that, in more ways than one, never lifts its gaze higher.
By showing deadening boredom on screen, Mendes nearly bores his audience to death.
It is not often that a movie catches exactly what it was like to be this person in this place at this time, but Jarhead does.
A good, not great movie.
A disappointing war movie with not one shot fired, no visible enemy, and soldiers standing around in the desert. More gay than "Capote."
A humor-tinged but ultimately haunting drama that examines the psychology of a Gulf War veteran as carefully and insightfully as any film has done.
The tagline for Jarhead is 'Welcome to the Suck.' Truth in advertising must be making a comeback.
Jarhead leaves you with an empty feeling, and it is supposed to.
Only a first-rate cast -- headed by Jake Gyllenhaal, and made memorable by the performances of Jamie Foxx and Peter Sarsgaard -- saves Jarhead from looking like a dead duck, covered in oil.
It's the cinematic equivalent of marching in circles.
While Jarhead, based on Anthony Swofford's best seller about his modern-day experiences in the Marines, has its moments, it never quite attains its loftiest goals.
Yet one additional reason we need to stick more magnetized yellow ribbons onto the back of our SUVs.
An impeccably well-made piece of Oscar bait that tells us almost nothing we haven't heard before about the dejection and disillusionment of men in war.
...moves you the most when it pauses to listen to the whimper of a grunt.
This is not a film that wrestles with itself to determine whether it's anti- or pro-war ... it doesn't even try.
We don't know, but we've been told... Mendes' new film is far from gold.
Puzzlingly hollow .... Although its portrayal of war as tedious hell scores points for novelty, the lack of a discernable point of view considerably limits the film's impact.
Never comes close to expressing the insanity of war itself.
A strong military drama that will entertain [you] regardless of which side of the war debate you fall on.
We can't argue with the film's tagline: 'Welcome to the suck.'
So, um... when does the movie start?
'The performances are first-rate across the board, with Peter Saarsgard, who plays Swafford's spotter, almost certain to pick up his first Oscar nomination.'
Sam Mendes' Jarhead is the perfect companion piece to Clint Eastwood's underrated Heartbreak Ridge.
Watching Jarhead, these unvarnished snapshots of what can really happen among U.S. combat troops all but slap you with their observational force.
Shows in an odd and low-key way the absurdity of war and how Americans can be undone by their inability to wait.
Jarhead is the most unconventional anti-war film ever made...
The movie is oppressively heavy even when mischievously lighthearted.
Jarhead might be Sam Mendes' first honest film.
Spurns a war movie's expected bloody confrontations for a dry, hot exploration into the ability of the human spirit to survive, scarred but whole.
A voice-over'd, meticulously- bleached and postured still-life.
Jarhead is compelling in the way it presents a new facet of a genre that some would argue was mined out long ago.
Jarhead has an oddly amorphous and inconclusive feeling to it.
Sam Mendes' third feature has numerous arresting moments but never achieves a confident, consistent or sufficiently audacious tone.
Given how strongly the film insists on striking its testosterone pose, Mendes might say he's too cool for political thought.
The filmmakers clearly wanted to avoid the politics surrounding the first Gulf War even as they pay tribute to the Marines, the jarheads, who went to Saudi Arabia to fight. But the result is a movie rife with ambivalence.
In all respects, Jarhead is straight from the horse's mouth. See it.






@highlight

This first person account of the first Gulf War scores with its performances and cinematography but lacks an emotional thrust.