The joy of the new film is found in the journey through a multicolored jungle island populated with mutant food beasts.
There's little subtlety or character development and the plot is thin, but if the snappy psychedelic visuals and fanciful storylines captured your kid's attention first time around then it should do once again.
To enjoy Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 you'll need to relax and just enjoy the colors and creative visuals. The animation is eye-popping and the menagerie of food critters is truly inventive.
Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs 2 is an example of a superior animated sequel that builds on the ideas of the first film and enriches its mythology.
Man cannot survive on puns alone, but it seems kids will happily eat them up.
It's competent and looks delectable but fails to capture the same bright and breezy flavour. It's a cheeseburger to the original's prime cut.
The film is missing the originality and jokes that Phil Lord and Chris Miller brought to the first one, but it has one killer trick up its sleeve in the shape of the foodimals.
Should be re-titled Periods of Satire, Broken by Scattered Jokes of Varying Quality, Sun-Burning Colour and Sudden Storm-Surge-Pacing.
If you think the food metaphors and similes I've whipped up in this review became increasingly tiresome and childish, then that perhaps is the best analogy of all for describing Cloudy 2.
Ravishing, magnificently silly sequel to the nutty 2009 animated hit...Bizarre creations run amok in a world that looks like a gigantic tossed salad. It really is a delight to behold. Perfect family movie fare.
Visually extraordinary, this rainbow-coloured 3D animated sequel set in an eco system of living food, is as whimsical as the original 2009 film, even though its plot is lumpy enough to cause indigestion
The script is brimming with knowing puns, some of the technical terms, though, are so incomprehensible it's an effort to stay with the verbal inanity.
The comedy is far too post-modern this time to truly engage us, but it's such a riot of colourful mayhem that we're never bored.
For anyone wishing to tickle the tummy-buns of a Double Bacon Cheespider, there's a menagerie of colourful mutants to distract your attention from the absence of anything more substantial.
The original Cloudy didn't have the warmth of Despicable Me or the snark of Shrek. But it did have more humour than this new film.
This film runs on cute ... and the result is a trip that goes nowhere at all.
This second helping isn't quite as fully cooked, but it's a fun sequel that dares do a few different things.
Obligation rivals inspiration in this passable sequel to 2009's zappy, gastro-themed digimation.
CwaCoM2 definitely provides enough laughs to warrant a watch.
Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 doesn't stray too far from the mold, but the screen practically spills over with visual marvels, and there's a kid-friendly self-awareness to the humor.
Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 is a fun romp rooted in the idea that "goofy is good," especially when it's a tasty treat done with a knowing wink and a smile.
The witty and fast-paced animated Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 is a lot more than leftovers.
Thankfully, what the film lacks in suspense it delivers in plain old fun. Whether it's a favorite dish, a ragged stuffed animal, or an animated movie, sometimes the comfort that comes along with fun is sustenance enough.
Just as the first film was funnier and more inventive than it needed to be, the second helping makes more of the same surprisingly satisfying.
Here is another happy, psychedelic digimation for kids, its two-dimensional characters delirium'd into 3D.
With new writers and directors, this frenetic sequel indulges in silliness with less substance than last time.
It's no triumph of screenwriting or subtext. But it's a feast of ingeniously rendered gastronomic insanity - and that'll do.
Brightly animated with likeable characters and a strong voice cast, but the plot feels weak and, some inspired animal-food gags aside, it lacks the wit, invention and pace of the first film.
Madder than a box of chocolate frogs.
With no real plot to bind them, the pile-up of chaotic chases, repeat-on you leek puns and noisy dust-ups gradually kills the appetite.
The production design is so imaginative and amusing that it makes not only most live-action fantasy films but most computer-animated features -- with their paradoxical insistence on photorealism -- look conventional and timid.
With jokes for every level of sophistication, not all hit the mark. But with so many visual twists and deliciously surreal turns, there's something fun going on in every frame.
Rich and strange, although its trippy, LSD vibe becomes almost overwhelming in places.
a pleasingly surreal - if slightly hit-and-miss - sugar rush that younger viewers will swallow hook, line and sinker.
The clever one liners and the loveable characters make this a sequel that works
Imagine a Jurassic Park constructed entirely out of whatever foodstuff best satisfies your appetite for a pun.
Loveable - especially if you're as fond of a pun as we are - and extremely silly.
Despite a few disappointments here and there, the team responsible for Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 have done themselves proud.
New directors Cody Cameron and Kris Pearn have hatched a sequel that, while never matching the inventiveness and originality of the first movie, still has plenty to offer in terms of aesthetic delight.
Audiences who appreciated the first film will enjoy the silliness, but uninitiated viewers may find a second serving of Meatballs is hard to swallow.
The animation is inventive and elastic, the dialogue zippy and shamelessly punny, and the tone lighthearted and fun, even if on a whole it's not quite a full meal.
Suspend your ideas about what is logical or truly real and just have a nice 90-minute escape into the brightly colorful world directors Cody Cameron and Kris Pearn and their team have created here.
Your kids might like 95 minutes worth of malicious cartoon food, terrible puns and a lesson in the importance of friendship. You'll be done at the 45 minute mark, moms and dads, but they didn't make this movie for you.
Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 captures the goofy fun of the first course, while offering some completely original giggles.
The wordplay zips back and forth, never stooping to smarmy innuendo. It's the kind of clever that parents will enjoy as their little ones focus on the brightly colored, energetic "foodimals," friends they'd never think of devouring.
Even with new cooks in the kitchen, Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 is a completely delicious dish, as it adds a handful of great new ingredients to a familiar recipe.
The filmmakers have done an admirable job of branching out from Meatballs 1, and making a new and different, and exceedingly entertaining, follow-up.
"Tripping meatballs."
'Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2' is a serviceable sequel that's not as tasty as its predecessor.
As a sequel, Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs 2 doesn't fully stack up to the original, but it's impressive just how close it actually gets.
Like its predecessor, it's not a bad film by any means, but you can feel how hard the filmmakers are trying as they attempt to stretch out a simple story into a feature.
With more puns than any one movie should be allowed, this is a decent sequel that should appeal to the younger members of the family.
As these types of cautious cash-ins go, it's quite entertaining, while once again offering an eye-popping visual experience that supports the saggy screenwriting.
A fresh and charming delight.
Silly, imaginative and noisy - it's a tasty second helping that's filled with family-friendly fun.
An Undercooked Concoction.
A dazzling and delightful sequel every bit as charming as the original!
The little guys [the filmmakers' target audience] are going to be thrilled with the adventure, the plethora of critters and their bright colors.
I was pleasantly surprised. Where I expected a dullard of a sequel, this is a charming and fun film that kids can enjoy and adults will still chuckle about.
If you can't laugh at a screaming leek in a boat, you don't deserve to live!
The world of "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2" is a cleverly-conceived one, the design of the film is engaging on all levels, and the voice cast is great. It's the story that fails to engage beyond the glittering surface.
Not as fresh as the original but offers more than just re-heated leftovers - with an entertaining adventure that justifies a second helping of Flint Lockwood and friends.
The movie picks up where the last one left off, but the sequel bears little resemblance to 2009's "Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs."
Kids should be entertained by the visuals, and adults can at least take solace in the fact that they're in a dark theater where no one can catch them snoozing. Just make sure you're not a snorer.
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 is all carbs with no protein to be found.
The movie works thanks to its brisk pace (it seems as if animated films these days are far better paced than their increasingly bloated, lumbering live-action counterparts), cheerful humor, and awesome visual ideas.
Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 is full of cute food puns and enough on-screen action to keep kids amused. Whatever your age, it's really hard not to enjoy this film.
I ate this one up. Five writers and directors Cody Cameron and Kris Pearn, have produced one of the most clever, and funniest, animated sequels ever.
A humorous yet unfocused romp, so unwilling to settle on a single theme that hyperactivity medication should be handed out with the 3-D glasses.
Directors Cody Cameron and Kris Pearn give the film the frantic pace and bright colors needed to keep the attention of kids. Adults who are looking for more will be left cold.
For both kids and adults, CWCM2 is little more than a vague memory as soon as it's over.
This scrumptious sequel follows the same recipe as the 2009 original.
It's visually impressive. However, that script just doesn't have the unexpected magic of the first one.
It's all very cute and awesomely disgusting, like a 9-year-old stuffing his face full of food and then pressing his cheeks to make it all explode out. (Nine-year-olds still do that, right?)
Sequel gives new meaning to playing with your food.
I think you and yours will find this movie very entertaining and worth the extra outlay of cash for theaters showing it in 3-D. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 is a sequel that wasn't needed and feels like it.
The makers of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 spend the first five minutes of their subpar sequel recapping the original, a handy reminder just how inferior Flint Lockwood's second cinematic outing is to his first.
Like its predecessor, the sequel is paced like a triple Skittle-and-espresso cocktail.
Its brilliant idea of foodimals and striking images will capture the audience's attention and keep them enthralled.
It's cute. It's funny. Kids will want the toys in a major way. And yet it slightly unsettles me precisely because of how strange the message is by the end of the film.
The film had the right idea with Barry the strawberry, who poops jelly when he's afraid. But "Cloudy 2" is relatively simple, too straightforward and forgets that kids are smart, too.
Undiscriminating youngsters may be diverted, but even grownups who were somehow charmed by the original movie will have a hard time swallowing this sorry stew.
Like its predecessor, the film is silly for the sake of being silly, and ... it buys into that premise wholeheartedly, which is the film's most significant charm.
Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs 2 overwhelms with frantic action and lame food-related puns, as character development and story depth become leftovers
An obligatory also-ran missing the edible magic that made the one before it so delectable.
Honestly, anyone who can pull off a running joke about leeks that does not make you gag, and is in fact a silly delight, deserves props.
There's not a surprise or moment of tension to be found here, but the film is all energy and color that makes the discomfort of 3-D glasses seem worth it.
It's another brightly rendered effort, but, as the title indicates, a lot of the real creativity seems to have been used up the first time around.
Sometimes so strange, colorful and wildly cute that it may end up becoming a "Yellow Submarine" for a new generation.
Mostly, "Cloudy 2" relies on the usual noxious recipe for junky kid flicks: loud noise, pop music and poop jokes.
The many nods to "Jurassic Park" will more than likely fly over the heads of the film's target audience while hitting adults over their noggins and the Apple/Google-like Live Corp with its Steve Jobs inspired CEO skirts over parody rather than mining it.
Whelk, I hope the makers of "Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs" earned a nice celery, but I'm afraid they made a hash of things. A hash seasoned with oy sauce.
Kids will chuckle, for sure. But parents who were pleasantly surprised by the original film's intelligence will miss Lord and Miller's guiding hands, as what once felt so funny now leaves a stale taste.
An innocuous time-waster, "Cloudy 2" will surely be a family smash.
a pleasant enough diversion
A second helping of sugar rush cinema, wholly dependent upon food puns and pretty colors whizzing by. But it's the only chance for small children to drag parents to the movies until November, so knock yourself out, kiddies.
Some might find these tiresome, but let's just note here that this is a kid movie, and KIDS LOVE PUNS. So they laugh at ''There's a leek in the boat.'' And they laugh even more the second time.
Loud, weird and chaotic - just as kids like it.
"Cloudy 2" is witty and vibrant, full of strange sights and nifty punch lines. But it also has some cogent things to say about our "enterprising" society that are anything but cloudy.
It's the rare [sequel] that takes the spirit of the original and runs with it, coming up with something uniquely good in its own right.
It's almost as delightful as the first one.
Better in every respect than the original "Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs."
By the time a marshmallow blinks its goggle-eyes, you may be convinced you've wandered into the ultimate Japanese grocery store - or perhaps snuck in a very special brownie
The film retains much of what worked about the first film, and it brings a similarly smart, patient, visually striking approach to the gags.
At its heart, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 is fun, even if it is occasionally so chaotic it tramples the movie's flow like a herd of stampeding Buffaloafs.
Kids will like it because it's animated. Adults will like it because it's the kind of movie that includes the opening credit, "Another film by a lot of people."
It's fantastic to look at, but it's all sizzle, no steak.
Trippy in one sense but trite in another...contains some genuinely gonzo eye-candy, but the weirdly imaginative images are wedded to a tired script.
This sequel strenuously works to form a total inversion of the first movie's relationship with food.
Like too many sequels, this second helping of Meatballs confuses bigger for better, piling on the action but misplacing much of the original's charm.
Pretty to look at, but inferior in every other important way.
"More of the same, but less of it."
While not as delightfully breezy as the original, an engaging voice cast and hordes of "Foodimals" still manage to serve up a tasty sequel.
If nothing else, the pic's zany tone and manic pace are good for a quick-hit sugar high.
There's a serviceable framework to the narrative, but almost everything stands in diminished contrast to the first film.
A cinematic food coma.
It aims to entertain, to offer a few tame chuckles for parents and children to enjoy in a purely Saturday-morning way. And it accomplishes that.
A worthy follow-up even if there's less creativity involved once the central premise is introduced.

@highlight

While not as clever or inventive as its predecessor, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 compensates with enough dazzling visuals to keep younger viewers entertained.