'San Andreas' is the kind of movie one sees with the biggest bag of popcorn available; it's pure and simple escapism, fun without pretensions. Watch it in 3D, and watch it with little expectations, and you'll have a good time. [Full review in Spanish]
Another genre, another set of shameless clichés. San Andreas is, nevertheless, a much more enjoyable film.
If you are going to sell audiences a disaster movie starring The Rock, it's probably not wise to have him flying a helicopter doing nothing for the majority of the running time
The end result might be a melange of scenes taken from other films, but in a summer season groaning with sci-fi and superhero sequels, this survival epic must be given credit for striking out on its own.
... San Andreas is perfectly acceptable mindless weekend cable fare.
The plot is implausible and the situations even more preposterous.
There is a lot here that is absolutely atrocious and yet it is entirely enjoyable throughout.
At least if the big one does hit, we can't say nobody warned us.
This adrenaline-pumping movie turns a nightmare into big screen reality as it takes the disaster film genre to a whole new level.
Heaven help me, I had a great time.
San Andreas turns horror on an unimaginable scale into light entertainment. Pass the popcorn!
All the moving parts are expertly juggled by director Brad Peyton and, yes, the special effects are impressive. But the disaster stuff is laid on way too thick.
Maybe, if this film has any purpose at all, it's to make us stop for a moment and think about the reality.
Empty, cynical destruction porn that's twice as dumb as it should be and not half as enjoyable.
San Andreas typifies the modern Hollywood disaster movie - for better and for worse. The visuals are quite something, but it's all a bit hollow and there's little satisfaction in its conclusions.
It's an unintentionally comedic look at mankind's selfish disinterest toward anyone in danger -- except for family.
Best Performance by a Semi-Retired Professional Wrestler in an Irwin Allen-styled Disaster Movie? That'll be the day I go back to Annandale...
So, I suppose, I would recommend this movie, provided you know exactly what you're getting yourself into.
Who'd have thought that the demise of several cities full of unnamed people would act as a perverse sort of marriage counselling for a couple in nuptial distress?
The plot, the beats, the character arcs? They all seem like they come from a Hollywood build-your-own-disaster movie kit.
It's enormously entertaining, thanks to the undeniable charisma of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and the wanton CGI destruction of all of the West Coast's greatest landmarks (in 3-D, no less).
What Johnson does best, probably better than anyone else right now, is to draw attention to the absurdity, even the impossibility of himself. In a movie so invested on making him seem possible, that performance, so endearing and so smart, gets lost.
Summer's upon us, and you could do worse than watch the undeniably appealing Johnson try to save the day while uttering the silliest dialogue imaginable.
You could certainly do worse and should be entertained enough, despite its many faults.
How much you enjoy the movie depends on how much mass destruction you can deal with and how much cheese you can stomach.
The main problem is that the film can't decide whether it wants to be a proper disaster movie or a Dwayne Johnson action vehicle.
San Andreas is nowhere near the best movie made this year. Indeed, it might be one of the worst. But it is, without a doubt, one of the most unapologetic, self-aware, and entertaining romps of 2015. And that counts for something.
San Andreas picks its humans so carefully, it starts to feel Calvinist in its approach to salvation as Ray Gaines becomes deus ex heli, using the taxpayers' equipment to save his own family.
This movie didn't take much time escalating from realistic depiction of a disaster to giant, numbing CGI spectacle.
San Andreas may have impressive special effects, but without a well-developed human element or an emotional core, it becomes a rather empty experience that fails to pull the audience into its tale of epic destruction.
Delivers what it promises: unrelenting entertainment and pure action. [Full review in Spanish]
Earthquakes hit California, and The Rock teams up with his estranged wife to save their daughter. That's pretty much it, and that's all there really needs to be.
There are a couple of nice shots, including one of a BART hurtling out of its tunnel and another of a naval vessel wedged between two skyscrapers, seemingly lifted straight from the concept art, but the real order of business here is destruction.
Propelled by a continuing series of quakes spread out over the entire state, San Andreas is all forward momentum and non-stop action, but with enough narrative focus to avoid letting the calamity totally engulf the picture.
It's clear from the get-go that the filmmakers have more commercial than creative motives here, and their plot has the cracks to prove it.
San Andreas stands out as a better-than-average endeavor that, at the very least, boasts one of Johnson's most charismatic performances to date.
Director Brad Peyton keeps the story focused on a handful of compelling, resourceful people to keep us rooting for their survival while they race through increasingly complex set pieces.
By the end--a seismologist told "You did good" as reports come in of California's devastation and corpse-littered cities--it's clear just how tone-deaf, context-insensitive, and death-denying this blockbuster is after all its bombast and bomb-blasts.
Set up as an old-style disaster movie with only a fraction of the plot, this earthquake action adventure is preposterous enough to just about work as a guilty pleasure.
If you're caught in a movie between a rock and a hard place, choose the Rock every time.
...dispenses with ridiculous complications like those employed in 2012 and The Day After Tomorrow. This is a pure popcorn flick sanitized for family viewing: enjoy and forget.
A mindless, over the top plot with equally over the top performances from everybody involved. [full review in Spanish]
It doesn't hurt to drop the intellectual pose and let yourself enjoy a good old destruction movie. [full review in Spanish]
Completely unrealistic. [full review in Spanish]
It's not The Rock's fault.
its disaster spectacle and sense of moral reckoning is hung on exactly the same narrative backbone as Emmerich's world-shattering "2012"
When a foolish woman separates from the world's manliest man in favor of a cowardly architect who builds wobbly skyscrapers that rudely scrape the heavens, is it any wonder the angry gods smite her home state from top to bottom?
Preposterously effective special effects and almost tolerable storylines.
a whiz-bang of a disaster flick brimming over with close-calls, near misses, and the answer to that age-old question, "What would a cruise ship drifting through Chinatown look like?"
It's a snooze enlivened by regular orgies of heavy stuff falling on people.
A disaster movie that isn't a complete disaster. This one offers up some great special effects that compensate for some of the story's sillier moments.
It's dumb, but at least it has a smile plastered on its face the whole way through.
Say what you will, the movie is critic-proof, and even the most cynical will have to admit it delivers what you bought your ticket to see.
My resistance to summer blockbusters crumbled like a collapsing skyscraper in the face of this big, loud, exuberantly destructive movie.
As disaster epics go, "San Andreas" works. ... It's not genius filmmaking, but it's undemandingly entertaining.
Exactly the movie you suppose it to be, except in one, absolutely crucial regard: it's weirdly allergic to fun.
I was in the mood for a big, dumb disaster movie when I saw this, and this one delivers on both counts. A lot of time is spent on feelings and relationships in this movie. This is like a Jane Austen earthquake disaster movie.
Has a massive heart and makes the right choices at the right moments, and manages to skilfully avoid the many inherent pitfalls with this sort of material.
Sets out to prove that The Rock can go toe-to-toe with two earthquakes and a tsunami and come out on top by the sheer power of his biceps and a helpful screenwriter.
Visually well-executed, shiny and seat-rattling, and completely useless otherwise. It does the one thing it set out to do, though, and so here we are.
Campy but never campy enough and far too numbingly artificial to ever drum up any real suspense or sense of awe, the film has a scale that's squandered on visual witlessness.
The allure of San Andreas rests entirely on the calibre of its pandemonium, savored, ideally, with a brawling audience on a Friday night.
At least marks a technological progression from the days when directors of earthquake movies just shook the camera and dropped painted chunks of Styrofoam on the set.
There's nothing here to shake off genre clichés or provide added marquee value.
Another green-screen spectacle that demands you turn your brains off at the same time you turn off your mobile phone... a terrific popcorn time-killer...[but] pitted with way too many plot holes and movie coincidences.
Big, Dumb and Fun' should almost be its own genre by now, and San Andreas is nothing but.
The lack of acting and screenplay is hardly a bump in the road for this hyperventilating 3D quake-a-palooza.
It's like Planes, Trains & Automobiles, only with a catastrophic body count.
It illustrates once again the movie law that the bigger the apocalypse, the less it means.
It's as dumb as can be, but it's also the epicenter of the sort of thrills that'll have you shouting "geo-whiz!"
The 1974 disaster flick Earthquake is notorious for the casting of 52-year-old Ava Gardner as 59-year-old Lorne Greene's daughter, so rest assured there's nothing THAT daft in any aspect of San Andreas.
Nothing makes sense, yet it's possible to overlook all of this ridiculousness because you're busy rooting for The Rock to save his family.
San Andreas is a blue ruin of borrowed elements that even The Rock was unable to save.
There are things on-screen worth looking at, so if that sums up your criteria for a theater-going experience then you're in luck.
The kind of movie that one watches to clear the mind after a hectic day. [full review in Spanish]
This is the worst movie "The Rock" has done in the last few years. [full review in Spanish]
Disaster porn suitable only for fans of the genre. [full review in Spanish]
Like a tsunami, the special effects are omnipresent and overwhelm the weak story line. They are absolutely, definitely worth the price of admission, regardless of the totally erroneous science. But see it in 2D not the color-muting 3D.
Every attempt to develop the plot disappears amid the visual spectacle. [full review in Spanish]
The earth of San Andreas cleaves itself open to us like the devil's sunroof. Who are we not to leap into the void?
Like 2012 jacked up on both steroids and meth, there are no surprises to be had, no shades of grey, only the epic, the over the top and, at its brain-bursting best, the rollicking escape of a popcorn disaster flick.
The CGI effects in this film, directed by Brad Peyton, are quite remarkable and help take one's mind off the cornball disaster-brings-families-together underpinnings.
One can fault the film for lacking inventiveness, but in terms of its entertainment quotient, it's an enthralling treat for those who have the appetite to digest mass-destruction in movies.
San Andreas ticks off all disaster-movie requirements as it runs its characters through a mill of ever-escalating challenges. But if you're looking for a challenging film, San Andreas would itself qualify as a disaster.
It may be big, loud, and pretty dumb, but San Andreas is a fun (albeit fleeting) piece of summer blockbuster escapism.
The fault isn't in the earthquake in SAN ANDREAS, it's in the script. Dwayne Johnson's heroics may be able to save everything else in this by-the-numbers disaster (movie), but not that.
Maybe if Giamatti and Johnson had switched roles, we'd have had a full course instead of eye candy for disaster buffs.
[The] visuals are freaky as heck. But they can't distract from a plot that's lazy and kind of offensive, barely batting an eye as thousands perish.
San Andreas is essentially the filmic equivalent of Disaster Movie Bingo. Well, not entirely. It doesn't have the dog. But the rest is there.
The characters - including Ioan Gruffudd, playing a slimy propetry developer - might be a trifle two-dimensional, but San Francisco has never collapsed so convincingly.
When the story is as weak as the film's fault lines and the character development never develops, the problem with blowing $100 million mostly on special effects is all you're left with is unintelligent disaster porn.
Hell, I'm as up as the next guy for a dumb summer epic with special effects that fire up audiences. But did San Andreas have to be such a monument to stupidity?
Over the top, ridiculous, but an acceptable popcorn movie thanks to an amiable cast led by Dwayne Johnson
San Andreas doesn't aim very high. It's nothing more than a popcorn movie, designed to offer two hours of mindless thrills. On that level, it's quite passable. Then again, there have got to be some new ideas that disaster movies can be infused with.
Johnson can rappel out of a helicopter and leap from a plane, hotwire a truck and pilot a boat through a tsunami, and even bring someone back from the dead. He's the Rock AND the Man.
"The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic," Joseph Stalin is alleged to have said. That philosophy applies very nicely to the modern disaster movie
The Rock can't quite save clichéd, violent disaster movie.
Top-notch effects and a bottom-scraping script make this disaster flick a spectacular bore.
[T]he film never convinces us that these people exist for any reason other than generic stand-ins to be threatened so that we aren't merely watching two hours of footage of buildings falling over.
Succeeds at exploiting a proven disaster-movie formula without troubling itself much with little things like plot, character, and dialogue.
San Andreas doesn't hit a single beat you don't expect, and there's comfort in that.
San Andreas just wants to show destruction and it wants you to revel in it. That's nearly impossible given the timing of the release and the fact that reveling in nothing but glorified destruction got old at least five years ago.
San Andreas may CGI-shake the digital earth, but it's really stray bits inside a hollow shell, and the Dolby howl of the sound design is just to mask the empty rattle of the film, a flimsy shell filled with cliches and summer-dumb spectacle.
The Rock delivers big, dumb disaster fun. San Andreas asks you to check your brain at the door, sit back, and enjoy CGI buildings toppling like Legos
San Andreas is lightweight, crowd-pleasing summer entertainment that knows its place and delivers the goods.
Objectively, "San Andreas" probably shouldn't work. But you don't enjoy a roller coaster by thinking about it.
Mid-movie Dwayne Johnson's Ray is told if he can't save his daughter no one can. He saves her but can't save the movie. A disaster of a disaster movie.
seems to have its tongue firmly planted in cheek, screenwriter Carlton Cuse's take...hitting every genre cliche so relentlessly it all adds up to preposterous entertainment.
There are things in San Andreas that no one would have dreamed of seeing 40 years ago, when Earthquake (with its tacky, plaster-cracking "Sensurround") represented the state of the art. But nothing means anything.
It's hokey at times, definitely too long for such a thin premise, but "San Andreas" is never jokey, displaying an endearing determination to take catastrophe with the passable seriousness.
The Rock gets to emote! You better bring some tissues.
...a refreshing but cheesy take on the natural disaster genre.
I just like seeing skyscrapers, which I loathe, smashed to bits. On this front, San Andreas delivers in spades.
"San Andreas" never pretends to be any less subtle than the Rock's physique. It's a hulking mass of wanton destruction, and a stupid-fun carnival of carnage.
San Andreas lacks backbone. Between its steroidic CGI and emotionally vacant plot line, the movie is all flex, no muscle.
Ridiculous, but often in that guilty-pleasure, disaster-movie sort of way, wherein we all laugh at the portentous cliches.
Quite literally the blockbuster of the year.
San Andreas is competently assembled and teeming with impressive spectacle but is also emotionally stale.
For connoisseurs of unintentionally terrible movies, San Andreas delivers more than a few hearty belly laughs.
I've seen some pretty good comedies lately that didn't make me laugh this hard.
If all you honestly want out of it is to watch 'stuff blow up good,' you could still do a lot better than this uneven entry in the already overstuffed disaster porn genre.
This particular disaster film is in shambles and it seems even The Rock cannot rescue it.
There's really nothing in San Andreas we haven't seen before in other disaster films, with the exception of The Rock as the hero.
Audiences who choose to seek out "San Andreas" will get exactly what they came for. Undeniably silly but riveting when it means it most, the film delivers the goods. Snooty cinephiles need not apply.
Schlock disaster porn...disaster as family therapy.
The Rock, you could say, is caught in a hard place here: lumbered with a powerfully stupid script and drainingly repetitive special effects. But as so often in his career, he makes the best of it.
Nothing is subtle, and Ioan Gruffudd's cowardly tycoon is a copy of Richard Chamberlain's engineer from The Towering Inferno, but Johnson, a human edifice, is more than equal to the preposterous destruction.
[A] yawning fun vacuum ...
In the end, though, it's like the aftermath of any large earthquake: You'll be glad it wasn't any worse while noticing its many faults.
Paul Giamatti is perfectly cast as the rumpled scientist and his scenes are by far the most interesting. It causes one to wonder if San Andreas might have worked better if the entire film had focused on his character.
Sure, the CGI and the VFX are impressive, but the characters aren't, and rather than trying to break any sort of new ground, the movie simply churns it up.
As a helter skelter, fairground ride, San Andreas is often exhilarating but the fault lines in its screenplay become more and more apparent.
It doesn't bode well when a movie that will sink or swim entirely on its CGI technology can't even manage a convincingly Photoshopped family portrait.
For all the unabashed cliches and straight-faced silliness delivered by Johnson, Paul Giamatti, and their generally capable castmates, they're doing something right.
The cringeworthy dialogue and unmoving earnestness are the biggest disasters in this mostly forgettable action flick
There are several requirements that must be met by any disaster movie not wanting to qualify as a disaster itself. San Andreas ticks off all the boxes; this doesn't make it a great film, but it does qualify as a fine disaster flick.
Here is a fantastically silly spectacular about San Francisco collapsing into the juddering and shuddering San Andreas fault.
This is why we can't have nice things.
San Andreas fulfills its promise of providing massive quantities of disaster. Ultimately, though, we're left wondering if that alone is a promise worth keeping.
The movie values neither human life nor audience entertainment, which is simply a lose/lose situation.
Helo-flown and hella-dumb, the movie delivers what its ads promise and not a particle more: Semi-convincing digital erasure of infrastructure.
"San Andreas" delivers a collection of harrowing set pieces where the sets inevitably go to pieces.
San Andreas does exactly what it set out to do: Satisfy the thrill-seekers with a popcorn movie. If you want something more serious about earthquakes, you have to watch the nightly news.
Manages to inject enough pathos to stay engaging.
When you think about it, is there anybody else you'd want looking out for you in times of trouble than Johnson?
When the filmmakers take such mayhem to an absurd level and then pile on the dangers and obstacles, the film finds the right sort of guilty pleasure tone and appeal. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
Hahahaha. Really, that's about all there is to say about "San Andreas" ...
It's not the best summer blockbuster you'll see this year, but San Andreas offers solid entertainment thanks to big set pieces, simple storytelling and, of course, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.
An action hero with a rare kind of gravitas, Johnson has a stabilizing influence on all the silliness that surrounds him.
"San Andreas" changes all too quickly from satisfyingly foolish to dismayingly dumb to genuinely stupid.
It's all big, distant, unfathomable wreckage - shattering skyscrapers and rippling cityscapes - with no sense of the human cost
"San Andreas" plays as if the four screenwriters shopped at the disaster-movie supermarket, grabbing all the clichés they could from the clearance aisle and stuffing them in a cart.
Considered as pure spectacle, "San Andreas" is gripping and effective, as well as a somewhat interesting form of counter-narrative: A vision of near-term apocalypse that has nothing to do with climate change, monsters or alien invaders.
Some movies are easy to mock, but hard to resist. This is one of them.
"San Andreas" is an action film that hits viewers over the head. Again and again. But isn't that exactly why you'd want to go see it?
There's enough spectacle and entertainment onscreen to nudge the satisfaction needle in the right direction.
The movie nicely delivers the computer-generated goods - the destruction of the Golden Gate Bridge is pretty spectacular - and if Johnson doesn't quite make it sing, at least it growls suspensefully.
Stuff go boom. Stuff go BOOM.
When the earth is roiling and rippling like an angry ocean, it's an impressive sight. It's when the shaking stops though that San Andreas is a different type of disaster.
An unabashed throwback to the simple-minded disaster movies of decades ago...[and] a ho-hum affair.
As patently preposterous, scientifically dubious, and unapologetically corny as director Brad Peyton's orgy of CGI devastation is, its popcorn prophecy of the inevitable is a blast of giddy, disposable fun.
So who's to find fault with a film about faultlines, where one is simply supposed to revel in the seismocalypse and enjoy the tectonic fury?
With a final line of dialogue that will reverberate across the eons as one of the worst in Hollywood history, San Andreas marks itself as a film that's so awful it's actually pretty great.
Nice to know that billions of dollars in property damage and the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people took place in San Andreas just so Ray and Emma could avoid a no-fault divorce.
On the positive side: impressive special effects. On the negative side: pretty much everything else.
I enjoyed large chunks of San Andreas, largely because the actors give it a full load of sincerity, and there's some bizarrely effective comic relief thanks to Hugo Johnstone-Burt and Art Parkinson as Brits who picked the wrong week to visit the Bay Area.
The dialogue is inappropriately jocular throughout, which undercuts the genuine terror it attempts to muster.
Silly and stupid, but lots of fun.
San Andreas is such a programmatic, by-the-numbers film, genre-savvy viewers could practically recite along with the script.
San Andreas is the epitome of a summer blockbuster - hollow and empty on the inside, but for all the script problems, there's plenty of eye-popping industrial carnage to behold.
What truly ruins "San Andreas" is that a lot happens in the plot that makes no damn sense- and that characters keep making decisions that are all but indefensible.
"San Andreas" is a disaster - literally.
San Andreas doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is... VFX-driven disaster porn at its finest.
Most natural disaster movies are dated because the effects age so badly. San Andreas is a movie with careful CGI that will still look powerful as the years go by.
Scary disaster movie, revealing spectacular devastation along the California coastline....
The action is bracing, Johnson's performance is solid and, within its extremely narrow parameters, entirely convincing, and Gugino and Daddario are both gritty and attractive. The result is a pretty exemplary popcorn movie.
In San Andreas, The Big One finally hits California, and not even Dwayne Johnson's mutant biceps can keep those infamous tectonic plates from separating.
Not the highest praise to say it reinvigorates the genre when the genre is "dumb Roland Emmerich movie," but it turns out, watching The Rock's muscles get bigger while Alexandra Daddario's outfits get smaller is a pretty good foil for CGI.
Pretty scary and only moderately stupid.
It clocks in at less than two hours, only about half of that taken up with a mix of models, computer-generated effects and various other explosions and loud noises. The other half is people saying and doing stupid things.
It's hard to appreciate San Andreas as much more than a series of special effects vistas: impeccably detailed, completely plastic.
It's hard not to shrug, stifle a yawn and reach for the popcorn when the Golden Gate Bridge once again buckles and sways and drops vehicles into the bay.
A by-the-numbers disaster flick featuring passable special effects, thinly-drawn characters, clunky dialogue and predictable plotting.
Cornball disaster-porn melodrama... in 3D! Dumb, insulting, and bloodless. It's Hollywood's subconscious death wish brought to life, in more ways than one.
When you're watching the impossibly charismatic former wrestler on screen, you'll not only forgive the movie around him, you'll want to throw Pulitzers, Nobel Prizes and even Miss World crowns at it.
Thousands of people may die, but the most important thing is that Ray is reunited with his family.
In Brad Peyton's San Andreas, the biggest earthquake in recorded history is less natural disaster than divorce negotiation process.
A disaster.
San Andreas is predictable fun, but with Johnson swinging in to the rescue it also delivers plenty of muscular thrills.
In particular, a collapsing car rescue shows creative build, and the fact that a tsunami is not the biggest obstacle in a tsunami sequence shows screenwriter Carlton Cuse worked overtime to provide some clever disasters.
Johnson continues to impress with his roles. He tackles this film head on with a wry smile.
It is relentlessly over the top and relentlessly, ridiculously fun.
The special effects aren't bad for a lower-budget ($100 million) blockbuster, though director Brad Peyton and his writers often deploy them in downright laughable ways.
As for the story line, there are faults and cracks aplenty. But "San Andreas" does know where its epicenter must be: overdone, loud, anything-but-realistic and enthusiastic destruction sequences.
A basic, moderately engrossing old-school disaster movie.
A fair amount of intelligence has gone into San Andreas -- but not into the extremely corny dialogue, which seems designed to make the audience groan.
This is a film that's pure scale and spectacle, and in that regard it does exactly what it says on the tin.
You already know what's going to happen, but at least you get to watch Johnson do it.
Hugely entertaining, sensational tosh, the sort of thing moving pictures were made for.
Does for San Francisco what Jaws did for the Ocean!
By the end, you will be exhausted by all of the digital destruction, but you'll still somehow want to see more of Dwayne Johnson.
Formulaic, but well-cast, well-played with well-executed earthquakes by the world's best effects houses. It works.
The disaster sequences are competent; the writing, not so much.
There's zero tension here. You'll just spend two hours admiring the work of the sound technicians and visual effects artists.
Compared to Roland Emmerich behemoths it's downright minimalist. That's not a compliment.
A less-than-basic disaster film with no emotional weight.
This film doesn't need a director, which is fortunate because it has Brad Peyton..disaster porn..a listless, heaving mess of a film.
At times, San Andreas is so bad it's funny, but most of the time, it's just bad.
Together with cinematographer Steve Yedlin and VFX supervisor Colin Strause, director Brad Peyton achieves a persuasive blending of practical shots and superior CG techniques for the most complex sequences.
The film frames [Johnson] like a saviour, and bathes him in so much morning sunlight you have to squint, but as he insists to the news crew on board: "I'm just doing my job, ma'am." That's about the strength of it.
Less a Rock-buster than a quake'n'bake reheat of post-Emmerich basics. The cast's likeable work falls right through the script holes.
The very earnest human drama fits awkwardly into the action and isn't helped by some unconvincing performances and weak dialogue.
California crumbles spectacularly in an action movie that quickly degenerates from blissfully stupid to fatally stupid.
As far as disaster movies go, they don't come much better than this: heart-stopping action with ginormous stunts and a story that touches your heart. It also helps to have the rock-solid Dwayne Johnson on your side (pun intended)
A film that deviates away from sentimentality, and while we may crave more profundity, Peyton's commitment to pure entertainment is unwavering.
The special effects may look real but the relationships are made of much less sturdy stuff - it doesn't matter how impressively a building collapses ... if you don't believe the scriptwriter is prepared to kill any of them in the name of tension.
... a classic case of spectacle over story that'll largely slip from the memory the second Sia's 'California Dreamin' kicks in over the end credits.
Thankfully, the action set pieces are exciting enough, and come at such a successive clip - "Oh, s-t" may be the film's most repeated line of dialogue - that it's only afterward that you have the chance to pause and ask questions about the plot.
You spend the entire movie willing the earth to open up beneath their characters' feet and swallow them for the good of humankind.
I can (and will) nitpick storytelling choices and character development, but those merely wanting "Look out, earthquake!" will get their money's worth.
The worst disaster movie since Disaster Movie.
This is a film that knows what it is and makes no excuses, happily owning its more cringe worthy moments while standing proud by its action spectacle.
If you crave Emmerich-esque disaster-porn with a mega body count, there's plenty here to OMG at. But when it comes to character depth or plotting, San Andreas is a sadly familiar wasteland.

@highlight

San Andreas has a great cast and outstanding special effects, but amidst all the senses-shattering destruction, the movie's characters and plot prove less than structurally sound.