While his performance here is perhaps not as introspective as it had the potential to become... it is off kilter from his more usual fare these days making it that much more memorable and compelling.
Robert Zemeckis' Flight is worth seeing for Denzel Washington's Oscar-nominated performance as well as a marvellously tense plane crash - but the rest is disappointingly soap opera-esque.
Not since Paul Greengrass sat us in coach for his 9/11 drama United 93 has a filmmaker so effectively summoned up the primal fears that, for the less air-worthy of us, lurk beneath every lurch, every "fasten your seat belts" warning.
Between Washington's singular performance and Zemeckis' extraordinary direction, "Flight" sees one of the more revelatory actor/director combinations in recent memory.
The best movies concerning addiction are about the characters and not the Problem. Flight is about the Problem.
Zemeckis has enough control as a filmmaker to overshadow Flight's structural problems, thus making the film both crowd-pleasing and emotionally involving.
An ordinary drama about addiction and recovery, made somewhat noteworthy by Denzel Washington's firing-on-all-cylinders performance.
Until the last 10 minutes, Flight in large part resembles one of those tough, dark character studies they used to make in the '70s.
About all the film accomplishes is instilling a fear that the next time you fly, your pilot might be an irresponsible lush.
Not the most compelling portrait of addiction, but it's a satisfactory one.
The powerful pull of the bottle is conveyed with considerable force...The character fits Washington like a tailored strait-jacket, possibly because he's worn it before.
Robert Zemeckis boldly returns to live action with a soaring drama that exceeds expectations thanks to Denzel Washington's Oscar-nominated performance.
If you've got the nerve, buckle up.
In John Gatin's script not only have Robert Zemeckis and Denzel Waashington found an outlet to profess their spirituality, but they also deliver some of their best work.
An extremely entertaining watch, if not a wholly empathetic experience.
[E]nds up saying, [Expletive] those people who want more than a nice risk-free complacent ending.
Zemeckis - who hasn't directed a live action film since 2000's Cast Away - shoots the film as straight as possible. But that's not to say it's without wit.
In Flight Zemekis and co. have achieved something braver than the familiar "drugs are bad mmmk" chestnut, creating one of Hollywood's most vivid portrayals of a functional alcoholic character, and asking us not to judge him not by his addiction.
There's no doubt that audiences used to him as Malcolm X or 'Hurricane' Carter will be appalled by the sight of him completely off his face.
A borderline farcical approach to addiction that's so heavy-handed it could be added to the weight program at a gym
Flight may begin on a glorious high, but the long hangover that follows is a prime example of mainstream Hollywood dramatic filmmaking at its most cartoonish.
Zemeckis generally sustains the tension, though the movie is overlong and the full implications of the drama are never fully confronted. But Washington is always there, a substantial antihero with a genuinely tragic dimension.
t is hard to think of a film as weirdly paced or as oddly structured as Robert Zemeckis's largely successful return to live-action drama.
...isn't true to the hard work of confession.
Here, after the truly alarming crash sequence, there are no special effects, just deft and committed film-making, letting us see steadily in long takes.
"God help me" cries Denzel, as he contemplates his ruinous addiction but it might have been better if he'd helped us by instructing Zemeckis and Gatins not to be so heavy handed in the religious symbolism department.
With another deeply committed performance, Washington brings badly needed complexity to what is otherwise a contrived, overstated drama about addiction.
Thankfully, anchoring it all is Washington.
Flight is fair in the air; on the floor it's a bore.
It veers between wonderfully tense and grippingly intelligent and is brimming with a series of terrific performances.
Some of the plotting is a little neat and simplistic but this is finely-made, adult filmmaking that makes you think.
However hampered it is by its own beery bloat, Zemeckis's film is morally provocative and bookended by genius; perhaps it is the first psychological disaster movie.
Denzel Washington's natural gravitas seems all the more fascinating when tainted by sins and secrets in this tale of a functioning-alcoholic pilot.
Watchable addiction drama anchored by an Oscar-nominated lead performance from Denzel Washington, though it never really tops its terrific opening half hour and it's at least twenty minutes too long.
It proves that Washington is the greatest black actor of them all.
Brace! Brace! Smart entertainment from Zemeckis, superior acting from DW.
The entertaining comic interludes keep the audience periodically interested at the expense of a sense of cohesion.
It's never less than watchable and confidently made...but you get the impression there is a bigger, better story waiting to take off.
'Flight' is predictable in its plotting and soft in its conclusions. But thanks to that dynamite opening and Washington's effortless performance, it's also an enjoyable, compelling slice of old-school melodrama.
[Washington is] painful to watch in the very best sense, first portraying a man who can function only within aggressively-held layers of denial, and making it impossible to look away as the psychological house of cards begins to fall.
Denzel Washington's pilot Whip Whitaker likes to fly high - just not in the manner sanctioned by the airline industry.
Denzel Washington's face says more in the first ten seconds of this film than Zemeckis managed with over five hours of dead-eyed computer imagery.
Every time Denzel eyes up a hotel bar, Zemeckis puts another coin in a jukebox that's stuck permanently on Now That's What I Call Addiction
Denzel Washington and Robert Zemeckis jettison their bad habits like so much frozen human waste from the back of a soaring airliner with their collaboration Flight.
Alas, director Robert Zemeckis opts for the least exciting arc - a voyage into the Days Of Wine And Roses.
Denzel Washington single-handedly steers director Robert Zemeckis's lesson in substance-led evasion with stunning precision and depth.
A welcome return to live-action filmmaking for Zemeckis, who hasn't lost his knack for a brilliant shot or for extracting great performances.
As each new chapter of Flight unfolds, you expect it to take a turn toward the generic and schmaltz. Thankfully Zemeckis, Gatins and Washington don't let up this liberating free-fall to rock-bottom.
While this is not based on a single true story, it draws on many true stories .. and the authentic profile devised for Whip Whittaker (Washington) rings true
Washington's layered, nuanced take on the anguish and blindly self-destructive spiral of Whittaker is some of the actor's best work.
One of the more sophisticated studio offerings of late.
Denzel Washington's one-note character is a prisoner of a one-thought plot.
One would be foolish to expect anything less from one of our great humanitarian mainstream artists.
More than anything, the film seeks to capture the anguish of a man trapped - not struggling with, not dealing with, but TRAPPED - by his own vices.
...a stepping stone back to bigger and better things for Zemeckis.
Whip (Denzel Washington) is a familiar alcoholic type; not believing he is one and believing that he is in control even when he's hammering himself into stupors each night.
Flight flags when it defers to the more conventional elements of an addiction drama, but Denzel Washington's rousing portrayal gives the picture the fuel to succeed.
Despite a strong lead performance from Denzel Washington, the uneven redemption tale stumbles down the stretch and ultimately fails to soar.
This may be the most heavy-duty, and finest, Oscar-worthy performance yet from Denzel Washington.
Denzel Washington's performance as an alcoholic in denial is worthy of awards, including an Oscar.
As excerpted in the trailer, the harrowing crash sequence suggests a revamp of the disaster genre. But this is more 'The Lost Weekend' than 'Airport,' with a spiritual emphasis typical of such past Zemeckis films as 'Cast Away' and 'Contact.'
As A-list substance-abuse melodramas go, this one lands safely enough.
Washington and Zemeckis should be shoo-ins for Oscar nominations. Washington comes as close as an actor can to sabotaging audience allegiance. It's one gutsy turn.
A rich portrait of early-21st-century America, for better or worse.
Compelling story about the curse of addiction.
a story about the question of redemption--not just whether the protagonist-in-crisis can be redeemed, but whether we want him to be redeemed, at least in the manner that is most likely to result in true justice
A very effective and positive exploration of the time-honored Twelve Steps in overcoming addiction. Denzel Washington is award-worthy as the denial-plagued pilot, and it is great to have Robert Zemeckis directing flesh & blood characters once again.
The Plane may crash but Denzel and the movie soar.
Washington, already the winner of two Academy Awards, does more exceptional work in Flight.
Denzel Washington flies a plane upside. But most of the time he's high on drugs and alcohol. "Flight" gets you through the door with the promise of thrills and chills. There are a few. But mostly it's just a crash-and-burn soap opera.
Unpersuasive and uncompelling. Mostly, it struck me as slightly tedious and utterly predictable -- and it felt even longer than it was.
Minor cinema lifted up on the shoulders of one of the year's best movie star turns.
I have to be honest...the plane crash is by far the best part of this movie. All of the other stuff is just okay.
At a certain point, great actors want to show us the truth of something that may be far from their lives but that somehow they understand, intimately, all too well.
Plenty to ponder: God & faith, fate & choices, broken families & broken people, cover-ups & coming clean, & the grey area between the culture of drugs & the devastation of addiction.
After the tremendous opening, just like the ex-girlfriend in that Visa commercial, I raged at my expectations by admitting that this movie is boring, boring, boring.
One of Denzel Washington's finest performances. And that's really saying something, considering everything he has accomplished on screen.
Think twice before buying the hype. This Flight wouldn't be a tragedy to miss.
"Flight" is a must see that gives new meaning to flying the friendly skies.
There are some flaws --- actually one major one, but I shan't give a hint because it would give too much away. But despite that, "Flight" is a riveting piece of filmmaking.
"Flight" is Denzel's show all the way. And come next February, don't bet against him winning something else --- an Academy Award.
Except for the scintillating first half hour on the plane, Blake Edwards told the story of an alcoholic much better in 1962's 'Days of Wine and Roses' with a more realistic, non-Hollywood Ending.
One of the strongest adult dramas to come out of Hollywood in a long time.
Washington keeps a firm hand on the controls
An Oscar worthy performance by Denzel Washington.
Flight is a well-made motion picture, but not a fun or entertaining one.
Denzel Washington gives one of his most nuanced and impressive performances.
Robert Zemeckis directs unevenly from an erratic screenplay by John Gatins. Flight basically is a shaky character study, but its strength is a terrific action sequence, as the pilot struggles trying to control his plummeting plane.
Fooled me into thinking it was going to be smarter and more honest than it turned out to be.
Denzel Washington is at his best playing a man who is at his worst.
Why does the black Captain Sullenberger have to be a drunk? Every illogical thing that screenwriter John Gatins had in the script can be chalked up to the Afroman song "Because I Got High."
Flight depends almost entirely on Washington's central performance, since the movie emerges as less a drama about an airplane crash and more a character study about a man who won't admit his problems to anyone, including himself.
It's easy to focus on Denzel Washington's acting, but equally important to Flight is director Robert Zemeckis' storytelling and camera work. They give Flight its lift.
Zemeckis sometimes gets in the way of John Gatins' screenplay, telegraphing the emotional cues.... But "Flight" is at heart Denzel Washington's show, and he makes the most of it.
Alcoholism remains a serious problem, but it's hard to take seriously when Zemeckis and Gatis have drenched their story in such rank sentimentalism.
Shows how much Robert Zemeckis's well-balanced expertise in the technical elements as well as in story and character have been missed in the live action cinema the last ten-plus years.
a morose, moping, cliched movie-of-the week plucked from the Lifetime cable network
This is Washington's movie from beginning to end, and full of little layers.
No doubt whatsoever that Denzel Washington will be Oscar nominated, and likely win, for 'Flight.' His performance is a stunner.
Riveting as both character study and morality tale. Another milestone performance from Denzel Washington.
It succeeds as a carefully balanced cocktail of uppers and downers, of the type favored by its hero. You'll have a good night out, even if you don't remember it in the morning.
All aboard.
Gripping and sentimental, Flight puts one man's downward spiral on display to show that one broken man's journey can be pure intoxicating entertainment.
A confident supporting cast fills in the gaps with memorably cracked personalities, yet attention is always pulled back to Washington and his full-bodied portrayal of man convinced he has two steady hands secured on all his problems.
A funny, touching, and occasionally-shaky tale, with some sermonizing thrown in for good measure.
FLIGHT stumbles along for a punishing two hours and twenty minutes, barely ever making any nods in the general direction of drama beyond the intense opening plane crash.
Although the film has a strong supporting cast, this is essentially a star vehicle for Washington, and he runs with it.
Adrenalin-rush thrills, sex appeal, a drug-rush zoom on retina dilation, courtroom sermonizing ... Oscar buzz, children, it's just a shot away, it's just a shot away.
An old-fashioned drama and all the better for it.
A straightforward morality play crossed with a pretty good nail-biter.
Aided by Washington's memorable performance and a thrill seeking, edge-of-your-seat, nine minute action sequence, "Flight" is an emotional roller coaster that will have audience holding their stomachs.
Goes out of its way to ask intriguing questions, and then goes out of its way to answer them in a pat, cloying manner ... That doesn't fly with me.
Posits a delicious, high-concept question: What if Sully Sullenberger, when he landed in the Hudson, had been drunk and high?
Robert Zemeckis' return to live-action filmmaking after nearly a decade of animated films, is mostly a slick and smooth ride, marred by only a few unnecessary jolts of turbulence.
It has one amazing sequence in the beginning and a fine performance from Washington, but the way it deals with alcoholism is like a glitzy afterschool special.
With career-best work from Denzel Washington and a fascinating, personal story, Robert Zemeckis' Flight offers smart and mature commercial drama at its very best.
If you leave after the first 20 minutes, you'll see a great nude scene and a harrowing plane crash without being subjected to the after-school special about alcoholism that comes later.
Some viewers might be surprised where it goes, like they bought a ticket for a flight to New York and ended up in Philadelphia. But, trust me, "Flight" is worth the trip.
Cinematically, the best moment is a terrifying plane crash scene that is sure to haunt frequent travelers - what 'Psycho' did for motel showers is what 'Flight' will do for the 'friendly' skies.
Washington may save a planeload of people, but he can't save this manipulative, predictable, cliched film, so typical of Zemeckis' sturdy, unoriginal style. A well-made sham.
It's a testament John Gatins' screenplay that the movie finds it's own voice and repeatedly asks tough questions, even if it has a tacked-on happy ending.
A sturdy adult-oriented drama that depicts the toll taken by alcoholism without turning into a public service announcement about the dangers of flying while drunk.
Instead of portraying addiction as yet another bleak-as-night, Leaving Las Vegas, one-note affliction, Zemeckis and Denzel give us an addict that is as charming as he is belligerent.
Washington is as good as ever and could easily earn various award kudos for his work. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Despite Washington's monumental performance, Flight doesn't get enough mileage out of its addiction drama.
Almost perfect
In an outstanding, raw performance, Washington never strays from Whip's rough road of addiction and psychological turmoil.
This movie is captivating until it gets uplifting - Flight soars when it crashes and crashes when it soars.
It's a well-made movie. But after its opening, harrowing action sequence, the film turns into one of the most familiar stories of our time - a downward addiction and denial spiral.
Zemeckis reins in the story's potential for moralizing and melodrama, instead delivering a refreshingly sophisticated, mature human drama.
Talk about your Hollywood endings...Flight could be held up as a textbook example.
Casting Denzel Washington as an airline pilot who performs heroically under stress in the air-but can't control himself on the ground-was a master stroke.
'Flight' flies high due to Washington who rescues the film twice, as both the fictional hero and as the superb actor, etching a character awash in palpable guilt, denial and helplessness. He is Sky King, circa 2012.
It's not without a bit of turbulence, but with its weighty subject, award worthy acting and steady, competent directing, 'Flight' easily sticks a landing worthy of Oscar consideration.
John Gatins' script certainly has good intentions, but as we all know, that is what they used to pave the road to hell.
This is not an ambiguous portrait of a man; it's a schizophrenic one.
It's 150 minutes long, goes by in a shot, and for at least 135 minutes, it's a thoroughly engrossing experience.
A highly pedigreed Lifetime movie about a heroic pilot who's also a raging alcoholic.
The moments that dazzle are not so much visual as conceptual, thus harking back to Zemeckis's Used Cars days.
Becoming preachy, heavy-handed and patently predictable, the film fully transforms into the "Afterschool Special" it's been flirting with all along, trading tough complexity for strained, unrealistic patness.
Flight reminds us of what Washington can do when a role hits him with a challenge that would floor a lesser actor. He's a ball of fire, and his detailed, depth-charged, bruisingly true performance will be talked about for years.
Flight is a fine drama with some very gripping moments, but there's something strangely disconnecting about it, enough so to keep you from fully investing in it.
Flight is amazing while it's airborne, but much less so on the ground.
Shameless, though effective, melodrama.
A solid, often engrossing film that doesn't engage us overall the way Denzel Washington's work does.
One of the big reasons Flight is so satisfying is that it moves with the no-frills, meat-and-potatoes conventions of a first-rate procedural while being awash in ambiguity.
While the film around him is generally cheesy and obvious, Washington is to-the-bone real.
The image of the heroic he-man, so entrenched in Hollywood mythology, takes an intriguing detour with Flight.
The film sheds much of the life and complexity it shows in the beginning, devolving from a morally ambiguous story to a story all about its moral.
Washington sells the hollow confidence of a practiced dissembler, and he conjures enough vulnerability and pure charm to make us wince as he circles the drain.
...a good film anchored by a terrific performance and that early, orchestrated-to-a-fare-thee-well, flight sequence.
The film tackles serious issues of addiction, legal intrigue and personal responsibility, with Denzel Washington in top form as a heroic yet morally compromised protagonist.
It's Washington's propulsive first-act portrayal of Whip Whitaker, a substance-abusing pilot, that breathes life into that first act.
Washington is compelling and dominant.
Just a couple of hours with Washington reclining within the contours of a role until a piece of cardboard becomes a character.
[Its] muddled message and some storytelling cliches prevent "Flight" from being a great film.
A movie that resonates deeply. Its moral autopsy of a crash and its aftermath of butt-covering and blame-shifting is ideally suited to our time.
"Flight" never soars, despite the often persuasive best efforts of Denzel Washington.
"Flight" performs a daring wing-walk between politically incorrect comedy and gut-wrenching drama, and it succeeds partly thanks to Washington ...
There's a lot of talk of "miracles" and "acts of God" in Flight, but it's completely human deeds that make this movie soar.
To watch Mr. Zemeckis working fluidly in consort with Mr. Washington's ferocious performance is to regret this director's last, technologically determined decade.
Flight isn't a bad movie, but it isn't a good one either.
Despite...misguided commercial instincts, Flight offers much that's productively unsettling, anchored by Washington's old-school movie-star performance...
Denzel Washington has fought like hell against the Sidney Poitier syndrome; for every movie in which he's played Mr. Noble, there are more in which he's played a heel.
Zemeckis shows he still has a vivid visual sensibility and a finger on the zeitgeist. But the script by John Gatins leaves nothing up in the air and returns all the tray tables locked in their upright positions.
Zemeckis focuses on surfaces but never discovers what lies beneath them.
A gripping, deeply engaging and emotionally powerful drama that features Denzel Washington at the top of his game.
It's the kind of provocative, character-based drama Hollywood almost never makes anymore.
We can quibble about the punitive punchline of John Gatins' script, but keeping complexity aloft for so long makes "Flight" a miraculous feat.
Washington delivers a devastating performance in Flight.
A mostly gripping character study of a man who's half hero and half villain [that] gives you the opportunity to enjoy watching Washington again at the top of his game.
But while a movie as grim as Flight could use a moment or two of levity, does it have to be in service to the antithetical idea that drug dealers are awesome?
An adult-oriented drama that is so consistently entertaining and fascinating that it plays like a thriller even if the thrills aren't produced from traditional devices but from the sense that you're watching masters at work.
It's an engaging picture, and not for a moment was I ever bored. But I never quite got viscerally hooked into Whip's dilemma, or felt like we ever get to really know him.
Awfully superficial, focusing only on the need to recognize you have a problem and suggesting that it's smooth sailing from there.
John Goodman -- drug dealer, comic relief, hero of "Flight"
The first act of Flight is as engrossing as any film I've seen this year. It's when the film starts pandering to Washington's performance that it loses steam.
"Flight" is Washington's show, and he's marvelous in it. But Zemeckis and his team put everything in place so that Washington could run with it, with unnervingly good results.
In Robert Zemeckis' "Flight," we watch a master actor play a character who's always acting.
The film makes it clear that every choice matters. On Earth as in the air, one wrong move, and everything can slip away.
Not often does a movie character make such a harrowing personal journey that keeps us in deep sympathy all of the way.
A typically compelling lead performance from Denzel Washington buried in a muddled, overwrought story about addiction and redemption.
Slowly but surely, "Flight" degenerates from a tale of moral paradox and wounded romance into a mid-1990s after-school special about addiction and recovery.
"Flight" is neither a simple story of heroism, nor one of a fallen hero. Things are more complex than that -- and it is its complexities that make the film all the more rewarding an experience.
For the most part, "Flight" manages to achieve the tricky balance of functioning as a serious, adult drama that's also crowd-pleasing.
Denzel is so vulnerable and damaged in this movie, and that's what makes it a stand-out performance.
Whenever a film surprises you by taking you on a different path that you were expecting AND manages to surpass those expectations, it is worthy of praise.
For Zemeckis, Flight is still a spectacle, with Washington's ability to emote as the magical special effect. Instead of using it sparingly, he once again goes big. Too big.
AA, God, and prayer are invoked by various characters with various religious convictions in John Gatins' unflinching screenplay, each time with a seriousness, modesty, and ease rare in so many movies about drunks and their journeys.
It is probably more than a little reductive to say that this movie is The Lost Weekend with highly superior special effects. But there's something to that, honestly.
There's something in almost all of Denzel Washington's performances, a calm in the midst of a storm, that separates him from the rank and file, that elevates him to a status among the truly gifted actors of any generation.
Flight doesn't quite soar past its narrative limitations. There's plenty of virtuosity to go around here-just precious little transcendence.
Denzel Washington's boldest, against-type role since Training Day... a tightly wound production, Zemeckis' first live-action work since Cast Away and, after admirably failing to make motion-capture animation the next big thing, one of his finest.
It's almost harder to tell which is more frightening: the remarkable crash scenes in this thriller or the self-delusion of Denzel Washington's heroic addict.
A character study disguised as a thriller. The near-crash is just the beginning of the story - and the story is not what you think.
Mr. Zemeckis has forgotten nothing about how to stage the kind of breathtaking live-action fireworks display that keeps an audience paralyzed.
Denzel Washington's is brilliant in a tailored-made role. In his first live-action film in over a decade, Robert Zemeckis doesn't miss a beat.
The only thing Zemeckis could have done to make Flight more of a chore to sit through beyond its stunning opening sequence, have a kid kick your seat-back for the protracted remainder of the flick.
Intense and serious, it redefines 'flying high.'
No actor is as brilliant, or as cunning, as Denzel Washington at portraying superhuman coolness and the scary prospect of its loss.
Even when many of his characters big binges and corresponding redemptive moments stretch credulity, Washington makes you believe them.
An instant screen classic destined to be deemed among the very best of Zemeckis, alongside Forest Gump, Back to the Future and What Lies Beneath.
For all the in-flight fright, the end is a comedown to Hollywood earth.
Enjoyable in the Hollywood-popcorn fashion that director Robert Zemeckis is famous for - see "Who Framed Roger Rabbit," skip "Forest Gump" - "Flight" is a drama that would have been better without Zemeckis's kneejerk proclivity for cheese.
Washington spins for us the wreckage of a life strained by the tension between achievement and defeat, a person who thinks that he can master the odds. But, the mastery is in the actor's fine portrayal.
An absorbing, intelligent character study anchored by one of Denzel Washington's most layered performances.
Zemeckis drives the drama with strong performances and enough moments that keep the overly long movie from turning into a complete snoozefest.
Washington's nuanced performance is a tightrope walk between the Denzel whom people expect and the character he's boldly burrowed into.
A unique, audacious studio movie, kicking off as a star-driven spectacle before whittling itself down to a raw and riveting character study.
This is one of the movies where the audience enjoys the parts more than they feel the sum of those parts.
Zemeckis' last R-rated movie was Used Cars and what was that for, language? In Flight, he covers all the taboos before the plane even takes off.
It has been too long since we've seen Robert Zemeckis swing for the fences, and his return to live-action turns out to be one of the most heartfelt and human movies of his career.
Character study about a veteran pilot whose skills in a disaster makes him into a hero but whose alcoholism sets him on a course of self-destruction.
The crash sequences are nothing less than visually and viscerally electrifying. Along with Denzel's complex portrayal of a boozed up cokehead caught up in a complicated moral quandary, that is simultaneously dramatically explosive and nuanced.
A film of individually fine scenes that at best add up to a good, but not a great, movie.
Flight is a messy return to live-action filmmaking for Zemeckis, but its strongest scenes -- and especially that plane crash -- are reason enough to be glad he's back.
Like Cast Away, Flight's narrative is set in motion by a wreck, a foundering, but this time there's a sort of genius behind the wheel.
Flight's true downward spiral is its own loss of momentum.
Appearing in every scene, Denzel Washington renders his most impressive performance since Training Day in a film that's effective as thriller, morality tale, and above all character study, likely to get the attention of Oscar voters.
Audiences buckle up for one kind of movie but end up strapped in for another in Flight, director Robert Zemeckis' welcome return to live-action after a dozen years away.
[Washington] fires on all cylinders, running through a range that marks his most accomplished performance in some time, one certainly rating higher than the two that brought him Oscars in the past.
Next to Gump, the film has the moral force of a George Steiner essay, but what lends it that force are not the carefully calibrated moral ambiguities of the script, but the bruised, defiant soul that appears to us in the form of Denzel Washington.
This absorbing drama provides Denzel Washington with one of his meatiest, most complex roles, and he flies with it.
Washington makes Whitaker's nose-dive almost unbearable to watch in his cocky, self-gnawing shamelessness.
...fully realized calibration of suspense, entertainment value and emotional payoff.

@highlight

Robert Zemeckis makes a triumphant return to live-action cinema with Flight , a thoughtful and provocative character study propelled by a compelling performance from Denzel Washington.