It isn't the film's style-over-substance approach that prevents it from being as engaging and entertaining as it desires; it's the lack of cohesiveness and discernible rhythm.
The most amazing silliness I've seen in ages.
... a madcap chase for a treasure map filled with double crosses, crazy escapes and lots of black humor.
This film was a total blast from start to finish! It's more than Good, has little that is Bad, and is filled with the Weird.
This is an object example of every dollar being on the screen.
Imagine the sparseness of classic oaters matched with the energy of martial arts movies and you've got what Kim Jee-won has wrought.
'The Good, the Bad, the Weird' offers a bizarre but intoxicating synthesis of silliness and awe.
The production's blend of traditional cowboy tropes and 20th-century elements give it an out-of-time feel that's appropriate for what is basically a teenage boy's extended fantasy.
For the most part, an enjoyably wild ride that may do for what you might call the 'noodle western' what Leone's classics did for the pasta variety.
Did you really just watch 50 guys on trucks and horses blast one another to bits while chasing one guy on a motorcycle? You did. And it was awesome.
Pours a ton of genre influences into the archetypal Cuisinart, pureeing everything from chop-socky cheapies to The Road Warrior in a gargantuan, cheerfully anachronistic romp.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird - When Tarantino met Leone ... and Spielberg, too.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is little more than a series of anonymous, elaborate shoot-outs. Like its title, it's just a goof.
Thrill-seekers, rejoice. Here's the summer blockbuster you've been waiting for -- no, dreaming of. The Good, the Bad, the Weird is to Hollywood's puny efforts what the Large Hadron Collider is to a Hula Hoop.
This film starts with a real bang, with a thrilling and lengthy train heist, chase and shoot-out sequence that would be the highlight of many movies. But there's still more to it than that...
You don't feel the mad passion of Sergio Leone behind it, but a steadily spreading grin that never stops growing
With a nod and a wink to Sergio Leone, South Korean filmmaker Kim Jee-woon delivers a slam-bang western set in Manchuria after the Japanese invasion in 1931.
It grabs viewers right from the start, carries them along at a breakneck pace for more than two hours and then sends them off into the lobby feeling dazed, dizzy and delighted over what they have just experienced.
Kimchi Westerns, anyone?
If you're going to attempt an ambitious action epic, you'd better have the directorial chops to pull it off. Kim clearly doesn't.
Hollywood will try to sell you all summer long on their latest blockbuster being the thrill ride to beat this season. It will be a movie miracle if any of them are as straight-up entertaining as The Good, the Bad, the Weird.
A giddy mashup of Sergio Leone's spaghetti westerns and Lucas and Spielberg's Indiana Jones romps, this guns-a-blazing wide-screen Korean hit offers a nuttily staged, beautifully filmed, but kind of brainless homage to old-school Hollywood.
Director/co-writer Kim certainly enjoys ransacking genres. We're holding out for his remake of Gone with the Wind.
A better kickoff for the summer movie season is, frankly, difficult to imagine.
As vigorously staged as it all is -- sometimes confusingly, occasionally with camera-torqueing flair and impressive stuntwork -- the urge to thrill grows wearisome.
Can you imagine "Raiders of the Lost Ark" directed by Sergio Leone? If you can, or if you think it's a bizarrely fun idea, check out "The Good, the Bad, the Weird."
Goes for shallow pop instead of narrative depth. It's a lot of fun before it wears you out, and it wears you out sooner than it should.
... the whole, as they say, is more than the sum of its parts. The result is sheer invigoration.
Kim fills up his vast Gobi Desert location with stunts and chases where Leone in his wisdom knew when stillness and empty space were required. But be patient: in the final, triangular showdown, Kim does justice to the master.
Much too long and doesn't always seem to know what it's doing or where it's going, but for an hour at least it carries a serious bang.
An entertaining mashup of genre and style.
An old-fashioned entertainment of the kind that Hollywood no longer knows how to make.
[Director Kim Jee-woon] hits a new low with The Good, the Bad, the Weird, a hyper-violent action movie that takes the form of an Asian western.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird may owe a lot to other films, but it is always fresh and never boring.
It's hard to knock any movie that opens with an eye-popping train robbery, followed by a balls-out siege, and then a super-cool heist.
A frenzied action movie, strangely seriocomic piece, and large-scale theme park stunt show all rolled into one bizarre oater, riding a unexpectedly epic arc of heroism and villainy
A slavish, supercharged riff on Sergio Leone's epic three-the-hard-way spaghetti Western, Kim Ji-woon's all-star spectacle wastes little time in lighting a fire under its unholy trinity's derrieres.
Kim's filmmaking is generally cartoonish in a bad sense, as he squanders his set pieces, flashbacks, and other attention-getting with sometimes downright wretched staging.
...made the old-fashioned way relying on skill, art and craftwork, using real stunt actors instead of Hollywood CGI-laden fabrications.
Fast-paced, relentless, and almost too hyperactive for its own good, it stands as a perfect example of a filmmaker making a genre his own.
Imagine if Terry Gilliam decided to make a spaghetti western by substituting some Asian noodles and leftover beats from Quentin Tarantino and Takashi Miike
A lighthearted, low-budget remake likely to work well for those capable of approaching it more as a novelty than a knockoff.
To say that the film, a love letter to Sergio Leone's spaghetti westerns and to the Manchurian action movies popular in South Korea in the late '60s, is problematic would be a vast understatement.
The entertaining non-stop action has the potential to give the film wide cross-over appeal and cult status.
It's technically impressive, and entertaining in a cinematic bubblegum way, but, hardly ever varying its madcap tone, the film lost my attention.
It's a picture of ferocious energy and excess, consciously influenced in its plot, music and visual style by Sergio Leone's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as by the Indiana Jones movies. Over-extended, but extremely enjoyable.
Some fancy setpieces here and there, and gunplay just about everywhere, but none of the principals can begin to rival the sacred trio of Eli Wallach, Lee Van Cleef and the other one.
Filled with shoot-outs, knife fights, amazing stuntwork and striking colours, this breathless yarn feels completely bonkers at times.
Not for the fainthearted, certainly, but it has an unembarassable elan that helps it avoid the pitfalls of campness and silliness.
With a plethora of incredible stunts and gunfights, plus the inevitable Mexican stand-off, it all adds up to a fistful of fun.
A tangled narrative and damp-squib ending detract from an otherwise joyous Spaghetti Eastern.
This is filmmaking as rodeo ride: bruising and ultimately pointless, but thrilling as hell while it lasts.
Wild, crazy and packed with memorable moments, this South Korean homage to the western may not be thought-provoking or particularly deep, but it's also one of the most genuinely fun and inventive movies to hit the screen in quite some time.
If Sergio Leone could see The Good, the Bad, the Weird, a gleefully deranged Korean homage to his spaghetti westerns, he would probably envy the resources available to director Ji-woon Kim.
The Good The Bad The Weird is as scattershot as his second and third movies, but is well-staged, handsomely designed fun that never threatens to take itself seriously.
Kim Ji-woon's Sergio Leone-inspired Korean Western is riotous, stylishly directed and frequently funny but it's also at least 30 minutes too long and runs out of steam before the end.
It's flawed, without question. But it also has more originality and invention than any given half-dozen films.
It's like every favorite movie you've ever loved, and like nothing you've ever seen before.
The movie raises the bar yet again for South Korean tech expertise and ambition, as well as launching the K-oater subgenre.
A jaunty, happy-go-lucky adventure that packs a fistful of dynamite in the spectacular showdown.
It's exciting, funny, thrilling, and as entertaining as hell - and proves, if proof be needed, that genre knows no borders.
Though Kim's western pastiche may be insubstantial, it's anything but a drag. It's masterfully directed, legitimately funny, and legitimately fun, thoroughly enjoyable even at an excessive 129 minutes.




@highlight

Whilst never taking itself too seriously, this riotous and rollicking Sergio Leone-inspired Korean Western is serious fun.