The unnecessarily embellished storyline and dreadful acting unfortunately trump any notion of Doom being a classic film.
Just feels like The Rock marking time and paying more dues until the more interesting and challenging offers come his way.
The long, long in development film adaptation of the classic video game shooter, Doom is a decent enough action film as long as you don't expect too much out of it.
Just your basic Aliens rip-off with the name of a formerly popular video game franchise tacked on it.
A bland lifeless piece of science fiction fodder that really doesn't pay homage to the game.
Roger Ebert put it best, "Doom is like some kid came over and is using your computer and won't let you play."
A nifty piece of low-ambition entertainment that knows exactly what it is, and delivers fairly well on its promises.
for a movie based on a video game, it brings what it promises
If gaming is about playing, why would a gamer want to watch movies like this?
There's no rule that videogame movies have to be idiotic. And there's no rule that action-horror flicks need be dumb.
Who knew that a life-and-death struggle in the dark with psychotic hybrids could end up being so bland?
The filmmakers produced a mindless action movie that isn't mindless enough.
Doom is irritating enough to make you blow off some steam by spending a couple hours gunning down demons.
This actually isn't as bad as it could have been. That's not high praise.
What might have made for exciting action scenes tend to become mechanical exercises in first-person-shooter monster-blasting.
the final act is worth the price of admission for fans of the game. All things considered, though, I'd much rather just be playing the game.
I kept expecting the "Game Over" message to flash up, but it never did.
This is fun, but not as much fun as just playing Doom.
Charmless and brainless.
if you're going to make a video game adaptation this boring, why not just call it Myst and be done with it?
Will never be any better than average, but we were always promised unapologetic, violent, action-oriented fun and so if you go in with that in mind you'd have to have a stone-cold heart not to have a blast.
... a guilty pleasure.
I'm sitting here shakey of hand and bulgey of eye, trying to convey just how pitiful this film is. Yet no words I can think of do justice to this dross. It is just awful.
[A] dark, violent, nerve-wracking, trigger-giddy waste of time.
Shlocky, brainless shoot-em-up fun that's almost as much fun as playing the game it's based on. Probably.
So busy trying to look steely and hip that it forgets to engage us on any other level.
Shows, once again, that most [video games]... are best left in their original form, allowing people to get their visceral thrills in the way they're accustomed -- with a control pad.
After something goes horribly wrong at a science lab, Martian monsters get to smell what The Rock is cookin'
Well...I've seen worse. And that's about the only recommendation I can make for "Doom," yet another movie that's based on a video game.
Is one aspect of this film really worse than the others? No. They're all equally bad.
A blasting,blood-splattered shoot-'em-up, it minimally utilizes the game's first-person, role-playing perspective - and there's no interactivity.
It really just makes you want to play Doom.
... shows less human dimension than the new Wallace and Gromit movie.
So niche-marketed to gamers that it might as well not be considered a film at all: It's a marketing tie-in, albeit one with some exceptional production values.
Doom plays like a third-generation knock-off.
For the rest of us, let me suggest we do what I suggested earlier, and that's return home, turn on our computer and boot up the game. We'll certainly have more fun than those paying full price to see this will.
Director Andrzej Bartkowiak wants to give us the ultimate sugar rush, but all we get is the rush with none of the sugar and the come down is headache inducing.
With uninspired fight choreography and sequences so dimly lit the viewer has a hard time deciphering where and what anything is, director Bartkowiak reveals he's no Ridley Scott when it comes to tension and buildup.
A rip-off of the Alien movies and George A. Romero's far superior zombie flicks, Doom is doomed to be awful.
Yes, Doom is a bad movie but you already knew that.
The level of trouble you're in when you're down to stealing from Uwe Boll flies right off the scale.
Doom may not be a sure-fire hit, but it's certain to satisfy its target audience.
What the movie lacks in story, it makes up for in cost-cutting: It's mostly shot in dark, endlessly redressed hallways, and its advertised beast is never fully shown.
I'm not ashamed to admit that I like director Andrzej Bartkowiak's DMX/Jet Li movies, but he's out of his depth here
Gamers would be better off playing Doom or sitting in front of a blank screen than wasting time with this incredibly dull Aliens rip-off.
You're supposed to watch a movie and play a videogame; they want us to watch a videogame (which is not fun) and feel like we're playing a movie (which is not possible).
It's a loyal screen version of the game. That's to say it fulfills expectations without actually being good.
The Rock's version of the gung-ho zombie marine is nearly as gnarly as Dolph Lundgren's (in Universal Soldier), and definitely more personable
The performances are awful, the action sequences are impossible to follow, the violence is gratuitous, the lighting is bad and I have my doubts that catering truck was even up to snuff on this project.
"Our mission is to find our necks," Rock tells his ornery platoon. "I left mine in a locker at Gold's Gym in 1985, and I haven't seen it since."
The best thing I can say about Doom is that it isn't nearly as bad as the vast majority of video-game-to-film adaptations.
As a grand big screen video game brought to exaggerated life, Doom is about as flexibly entertaining as a needlessly squeaky joystick...an over-extended misfire.
As far as I can tell, no one is at the controls of Doom.
Just an Alien knockoff, albeit a serviceable one.
The movie takes itself so seriously; it has eliminated all possibility of fun. You'd be better off going back to the video game and skipping the doomed movie version.
Videogame geeks and LAN-party enthusiasts everywhere, prepare to meet your Doom -- because it's really not all that bad.
[A] gory, shameless ALIENS (1986) rip-off.
This movie proves that the best place to enjoy a video game is in your living room with a cordless precision controller iron-gripped in your sweaty hands.
There's never a dull moment in this surprisingly clever imagining of one of the most popular video games of all time, especially considering that the murderous mayhem and extreme bloodletting that are its hallmarks remain intact.
It takes someone who has actually played the game to explain what a colossally bad idea the Doom movie -- and most films that use video games as source material -- was from the start.
Doom is a standard science-fiction/horror film that threatens to be substandard before perking up considerably in its final half.
Botched experiments unleash drooling monsters and zombies, and there are many chases through grimy industrial corridors, and if you think this sounds just like a rip-off of Aliens and (gulp) Resident Evil, you are correct.
This isn't worth turning off the PlayStation to go see.
Beyond a couple of cool guns and one long, gory, clever first-person shot, Doom is something the video games have never been: dull.
Another sorry chapter in Hollywood's infatuation with video games, Doom is basically a deadly dull rehash of Resident Evil, which in turn was a third-generation clone of Aliens.
Not only do we rarely get to participate in the fun -- fun being the chance to watch demon guts splattered across the walls -- but there's barely any to be found.
Doom becomes tedious in a hurry.
Doom isn't doomed, but the movie doesn't let loose and really rock until its final third.
It doesn't feel like you're in outer space, nor even cyberspace. It feels like Ohio.
Doom borrows gimmicks from other sci-fi/horror movies -- and not very well -- without creating enough of its own to do the trick.
Doom is, hands-down, the best video game-based movie ever -- by far.
Doom has some good jolts and action sequences, and never takes itself too seriously. However, watching the squad roaming around the dark corridors and sewer system of the research station starts to get repetitive.
When the video game-to-movie thing becomes this literal, it only makes you wonder why anyone would want to see a big-screen Doom at all.
Unlike the game, this gore-heavy and moronic science-fiction thriller doesn't feature a player-control aspect. So there's no way to skip past the early dull moments, or to end the game -- er, movie -- early.
No one's got their game on in Doom.
Doom is like some kid came over and is using your computer and won't let you play.
Doom is a treat for sadists, an empty time-passer for people who need only continuous noise and action, and a bane to the rest of us. Be warned or encouraged accordingly.
The only way this movie becomes any fun is when it stops impersonating a game and simply becomes one.
...about 15 minutes of action, violence and thrills diluted in about an hour of watching large men roam small, pipe-filled corridors holding absurdly large weapons.
It's possible there's not a single moment in the movie - in terms of dialogue, plot or design - that can't be directly attributed to another flick.
You know a video-game-based movie is bad when making it look more like a video game is an improvement.
...a thoroughly mediocre Aliens ripoff.
While it doesn't necessarily break much new ground, its makers are also smart enough to not try to do more than they have the means to convincingly accomplish.
Even for a movie based on a splatterrific shoot-'em-up videogame, Doom is doomed.
Fans of the game would rather play it themselves than watch someone else do it for them.
If this had been made as a spoof of 1950s black and white sci-fi horror films, it might have been fun, what with the clash of zombie and sci-fi and mad scientist elements.
Forget dumb, stupid, loud, and endlessly derivative. I can live with those. But boring? I just didn't see that one coming.
During the obligatory explanation scene in Doom, I was quickly disinterested. I kept thinking, 'Okay, enough talk. Let's start blowing things up.'
Hollywood has rarely produced a series of films as consistent as those based on video games: A dozen of them now, and not one has been any good.
If he's not careful, the fact that The Rock's characters - except for his comedic turn in Be Cool - are dreadfully similar is going to take its toll on his popularity.
It comes as no surprise that the director blunders the material badly, if you can even call it material to begin with.
Isn't half bad because you sense the filmmakers approached a limited concept with the right amount of fun and dedication in mind.
Too bad we didn't have Bill Paxton's Hudson to relentlessly shout out 'Game over, man. Game over!'
It has its strengths, but it's clunky, awkward, and repetitive every step of the way.
Try this on for size, "Everyone else's chances at an Oscar are DOOMed." I don't mean it, but it is a cool quote, putting Earl Dittman to shame!
DOOM Fans, rejoice! The movie might not be intellectually stimulating, but it's huge fun.
[K]nows it's a videogame movie and knows it's an Aliens ripoff and still can't muster up enough winkingness or snark to at least be clever about it...
However low your expectations are for the movie take on the videogame Doom, lower them more
The phrase "worse than Super Mario Brothers" should not be tossed around lightly when it comes to feature film adaptations of popular video games
It's surprising The Rock's latest is as bearable as it is.
When a movie is based on a video game, we expect it to kick butt and take names, and Doom does.
There's so little to go wrong that those who like their entertainment mindless and violent will find little fault.
The only downside is that you can't use cheat codes to reach the end of the movie.
In this formulaic, claustrophobic shoot'em-up, based on a video game, soldiers quell a mutant uprising on Mars.
A good movie version of a video game as opposed to, say, an actual movie.
Doom may be by the numbers,...but those numbers add up to the most cleverly engineered video-game movie made to date.
Too often Doom is mindless entertainment minus the entertainment.
[I] wonder how the respected cinematographer Andrzej Bartkowiak (Prizzi's Honor, Terms of Endearment) came to direct such muddled, derivative crap.
Game over.
Despite some solid moves against viewer expectations, Doom ultimately embraces the cliched doom of all video game movies.
Doom ain't Shakespeare. But it's not bad.
It's a deadly bore.
Like the sci-fi horror action adventure game upon which it based, Doom is an unapologetically big, loud, raucous adrenaline rush.
...mainly works as a celebration of very big guns -- one guy walks around with what appears to be a rototiller -- and the sort of holes they can put in living flesh.
A mostly standard-issue Marine fetish festival and also a regressive role for the Rock. He should never have to drop an F-bomb once, let alone 15 times, to seem tough.
Those who step up to the box office window and request "Doom" will get what they asked for.
Just call it 'Aliens for Dummies'--dark, murky, loud, gory and incredibly dull.
It's unfathomable how many times Hollywood has struck out in attempts to convert popular video/computer games into movies. This is the kind of misfire that reinforces negative stereotypes.
...it surprised me by actually being a lot better than it deserved to be.
The predictably heavy metal-scored film's primary directive is to recreate the mindless mayhem of its joystick-controlled roots.
High art and smart sci-fi it is not, but you have to hand it to a film that plays its cards right, lays everything out on the table, and goes for broke.
I've already seen enough of everything that Doom has to offer.
The painfully long and insufferable last act is like being stuck in a bad first-person shooter video game nightmare.
It's pretty clear by now that characters in sci-fi movies have never seen a sci-fi movie.
A lot like sitting next to your buddy, looking over his shoulder while he plays an old first person shooter on his computer. Watching isn't as fun as playing.
Doom fans, this is the movie that you've been fragging for!
I recommend Doom with a lot of hesitation.
Easily the best videogame-to-film adaptation yet.





@highlight

The FPS sections are sure to please fans of the video game, but lacking in plot and originality to please other moviegoers.