A fun, lighthearted, energetic (if insignificant) romp that features fine work from Ledger, Platt and Irons. I was grinning for most of the running time.
Gets funny once it enters farce mode. Nothing special by the cast, including Ledger.
One of those smart pictures that transcends genres, a costume romance inspired by Restoration comedy, French farce and vaudevillian slapstick.
There's no edge in Ledger's performance, only a lot of cutesy moments.
Casanova is just a farce, true, but there's a smugness to the proceedings that leaves a bad aftertaste.
While not quite as irresistibly seductive as its title character, Casanova is the perfect cinematic one-night stand: charming, romantic and awfully easy on the eyes.
even I - a product of the American public school system - am able to recognize that much of this film is complete bollix
A horndog who deserves a swift kick where the Venetian sun don't shine.
Call it an arthouse guilty pleasure if you like, but Casanova is a visually stunning, slyly amusing, and sweetly enjoyable little period-piece of a comedy.
Tom Jones or Shakespeare in Love it's not; pleasing fizz it is.
Surprisingly for a movie about a legendary womaniser there's hardly any sex in it, let alone any nudity. This is a criminal oversight from which the film never really recovers.
The combination of love, lust, music and Venice are the compelling ingredients of Casanova, a swashbuckling tale about matters of the heart and the masks we wear.
Even if Heath Ledger were the only thing worth seeing in this movie, the movie would be well worth seeing. Happily, there are many other things to recommend the picture.
Those who grew up with Three's Company reruns will recognize the story
Hallstrom reduces history's most notorious cad to a plot device, forced to jump through so many narrative hoops it's impossible to keep up -- and even harder to care.
Overall, Casanova is silly but amusing.
Forsooth. Thou art better of at another show.
Flaccid.
... plunders from Shakespeare, panders to feminism and offers puns and one-liners as if the setting were a vaudeville stage, not 1753 Venice.
The whole point is a film that's stylish, witty and romantic -- three things that Casanova most definitely is.
a tongue-in-cheek sex romp that barely hides its Mel Brooks-inspired puns under powdered wigs.
[A] frantic farce that shows off [Ledger's] comic charms to glorious effect.... he's got Casanova's gift of seduction, no question.
Where's the passion? Where's the heat? Where's the sex?
In the hands of this fine ensemble cast, the ordinary period piece is turned into a light and breezy bit of entertainment with clever dialog, action, and a touch of romance.
Enlivened by a few moments of boudoir slapstick that resemble a Benny Hill skit as produced by Merchant Ivory.
Hallström's latest is fine but unambitious, content with what it is -- an arthouse trifle for the masses.
Casanova is such a sheer delight that every fault gets swept away by the stubborn glee of it all.
...a luscious three-ring circus, with comic twists among the gorgeous Venice locations, leading up to a grand finale...
If you want history, visit a library. See Casanova for the visual feast.
At times ridiculous, at others touching, it's an entertaining cinematic frolic that both men and women can enjoy.
Casanova leaves us with the beautiful-but-bland Miller and the emasculated Ledger, who, frankly, was more manly and more magnetic making out with Jake Gyllenhaal in Brokeback Mountain.
Ledger, if less memorable than Donald Sutherland in Fellini's Casanova or Mastroianni's old rake in La Nuit de Varennes, is a virile, enjoyable addition to the Casanovan collection.
The whimsical plot, involving Casanova's seduction of a cross-dressing feminist, isn't helped by director Lasse Hallstrom's leaden hand.
Casanova's tale has been told many times before, but seldom with such light-hearted flair and puckish humor.
Pleasantly undistinguished, this movie rests on a handful of crowd-pleasing plot points about true love, and on a few strong supporting turns: Oliver Platt, who plays an obese Genoan fop, has now saved two movies in as many months.
The sticky sweet stuff in the middle traps history's greatest lover and slows the whole affair to a crawl.
The film, written by committee, is a pastiche of Casanova's life and times more unreliable than the real fellow's notoriously self-serving memoirs.
The irony of [Sienna] Miller co-starring in a film about the world's most notorious lothario aside, there's not much to love about Casanova.
Lasse Hallstrom's costume comedy Casanova is pretty flat. In fact, it's leaking air all over the place.
Despite its oh-so deviant title character, Casanova is a harmless bon-bon, a breezy period farce that mimics lesser Shakespeare and a look that recalls Amadeus or Shakespeare in Love.
A ribald, witty costume comedy filled with delightful performances and wily plot turns, this is the sort of film that makes you wonder why more films like this aren't made.
Casanova finds [director] Hallstrom more inspired, or at least lively and engaged, than he has been in years, and he's in the company of the actor of the moment.
It's watchable and is occasionally entertaining, but there's very much a split personality here.
Aside from having little to say, the new edition of Casanova tries so hard to serve a crowd-pleasing buffet that it turns into a scattershot series of unrewarding nibbles.
There's less sexiness in the awful Casanova than in the downbeat, doomed gay love story featuring Ledger in Brokeback Mountain.
Consider how marvelous Casanova could've been had it committed not just to the look and sound of the 18th century but to the ways people really talked, thought and behaved.
The whole thing feels too mindlessly cheerful, far too airy to be remembered.
What's meant to evoke Shakespeare in Love ends up more often evoking Saved by the Bell.
A standard period romance, the movie spends all of five unconvincing minutes on the womanizing side of the man. If you walked in late, you might wonder if you're in the right theater.
Although Casanova is far from a stinker, I can't join in the chorus of praise for what is essentially a coy farce replete with arch performances and even archer dialogue.
Lasse Hallstrom, whose previous movies, such as Chocolat, have not shown a light touch, has one here, making the movie witty and romantic.
Casanova is a forgettable, dopey enterprise, with what can already be declared the most wasted R rating of the year.
This is easily the liveliest Hallstrom has been in almost a decade.
The great discovery of this Casanova is Hallström's recovered capacity for play.
Delightfully sophisticated and just plain fun.
This is a sexy, loose, lively and completely intoxicating performance, and as much as I like Donald Sutherland and Bob Hope I'll take Ledger's take on the iconic character over theirs any day.
I admit that the picture is handsomely designed in gold and pale blue, but none of the tumult and pomp have any dramatic, comic, or erotic effect whatsoever.
It tries to be a mildly post-modern version of a very traditional door-slamming farce, with a headache-inducing mish-mash of false identities and near-misses, all of which seem more of a distraction than an entertainment.
In "Casanova," director Lasse Hallstrom wants us to suspend fact for fiction in order to enjoy a light-hearted sexual romp through 17th century Venice.
Is it Oscar bait? Not in the least. But it's a great date flick and perfect for a time full of all those 'serious' films.
The plot is a litany of false or mistaken identities and opportune coincidences; it has the mechanics of farce, but none of the buoyancy.
Had it not been full of sex jokes, the plot would have been the kind of those after school specials or a straight to video kiddie flick starring Hilary Duff or the Olsen twins. This is almost...wait a second, it IS Disney, and not very good Disney at tha
Might have been called American Pie 4: Vacation in Venice.
This is the very definition of an entertaining period piece romp. It's a romp, I tell ya!
With a vacuum in the lead, uninspired direction, mediocre sword fights, and about as much sexual content as an episode of "The King of Queens," if you feel you have to check this one out, await its DVD release.
lively, lusty and eye-appealing... has practically everything a costume picture needs: bustiers, courtly dances, masquerades, toppled tea sets -- and a pig in a ruff.
A handsome chunk of widescreen entertainment that's as nimble as its rakish hero.
Ledger and Miller fail to supply the fire: He's only adequate and Miller is so vapid she hardly needs taming.
Pretty as the picture is, only Platt's engaging performance keeps it from fading out.
Ledger is no Casanova, and the movie is not what it should be, but once that is accepted, the movie can be appreciated for the jolly, lightweight thing it is.
Sure, it is full of empty calories, but oh are they tasty.
One would expect Casanova, a movie about the storied loverboy of 18th-century Venice, to be wicked, ribald fun. One would be wrong.
It's a breezy fling that showcases the lighter side of Ledger.
Had the filmmakers aspired to match Ledger's sensibility, Casanova might have been something more than a frothy, forgettable diversion; as is, many should enjoy its carefully calculated manipulations.
For those looking for a lighthearted romp, this handsome Casanova proves pretty seductive.
A forgettable movie but a memorable celluloid poster for Venice.
Casanova is just plain ordinary.
...silly...an almost total waste of talent and money. The color and settings are beautiful and sumptuous... (but) this is brain candy, a trifle...entirely without substance.
Ledger has more chemistry with his co-star and object of affection in Brokeback Mountain than in this movie
By the time they make double entendres about a rich man being "well endowed" (get it?), the film is trying way too hard, like the kid at the dinner table who just learned dirty words and wants the adults to laugh.
A romantic comedy that only elicits a few sporadic chuckles; we like Lasse Hallstrom's dramas much better.
As the infamous womanizer, Heath Ledger stars in what seems like a French farce.
Casanova takes the story of history's greatest self-professed lover (not counting Wilt Chamberlain) and drains it of all sexuality or sensuality.
a giddy, good-natured romp with lust on its mind and romance in its heart.
surprisingly avoids anything that resembles a trite, tiresome, period-piece romance
A modern romantic comedy movie transplanted to 18th Century Venice...Hallstrom's fleet-footed romp is impossible to take seriously, but that's largely the point.
A period romp that tries too hard.
Don't confuse the 18th-century Venetian setting in Casanova with sophistication.
A farce is supposed to be witty, fun and funny. Except for some Oliver Platt outbursts in a supporting role, this farce falls flat.
The movie treats trysting as comedy and yet is stingy with the laughs. An action-packed life is now the chaste story of a rake whose romantic reformation is supposed to make us swoon. Must love dog? No thanks.
In the exhilarating Casanova, giddy shenanigans effectively set off the dangerous, darker impulses of human nature.
The movie contains so little sexual content, it seems pre-edited for viewing on airplanes, or perhaps balloon rides like the fake one taken high above Venice by stars Heath Ledger and Sienna Miller.
Casanova relies heavily on charm, and it's not a case of misplaced confidence. The legendary rogue's saga, at least in this fresh incarnation, is indeed a charmer.
Hallstrom gives us a genial interpretation and a supremely good-humored film.
Raucously ribald, lushly romantic romp, aimed at the same audience who enjoyed the wicked wit of "Shakespeare In Love"
Casanova is a role that should be performed with fire and charm (Johnny Depp would be a bowl of candy here). All Ledger can muster is a slight wink and a grimace.
Hallström crosses the line from irreverence into bigotry by using Pucci as an instrument to attack the Catholic church.
Has the best quote of the year: 'Well, she's hardly a novice!'
Few pictures in recent memory have worked as laboriously as Lasse Hallstrom's new romantic farce to be a featherweight lark.
I have long praised Hallstrom's ability to bring life to material that should have been dead on the screen, but here it's the opposite. He has never directed rapid-fire door-slamming, disguise-switching comedy before; and it turns out he can't.
In its sheer desire to entertain, the film takes whimsy to levels normally outlawed by the Geneva Convention.
Like an 18th century Wedding Crashers.
Casanova works because it gives in to its nuttier impulses instead of fighting them. It's an absurdly joyous bit of fluff.
Unfortunately, the goofiness never quite finds its groove.
Randy flirtations and elaborate masquerades to evade the sanctimonious powers-that-be are the cornerstone of this exuberant film.
This delightful, spirited romp is like a comical Shakespearean rewrite of the Zorro legend...if Zorro's sword were more, er, symbolic.
Casanova was such a genuinely fascinating person, so tireless, seductive, brilliant, revolutionary and daring, that Hallstrom's Casanova hardly does him justice.
Lasse Hallstrom's tale of an uncomplicated lover is a delightful respite from awards-season seriousness.
The movie Casanova, starring Heath Ledger, not only fetters the randy Venetian in political correctness, it condemns him to dwell inside the modern equivalent of a bad Shakespeare play.
The movie sidesteps modern-day issues of political correctness raised by a story about a rogue who shamelessly uses women for his own amusement. This is all done for our amusement.
It requires imagination of a certain kind to transform the tale of the legendary lover Casanova into a bland romantic comedy.
What it gets instead is the same dispassionate 'professionalism' that has made Hallström a steady fixture in a Hollywood that could do with an infusion of Casanova's own virile lifeblood.
Ho-hum.
Full of weak whimsy, woefully unsuccessful tries at humor and awkwardness from first scene to last, Casanova must have been a disaster from the script stage, and Hallstrom's unsteady decisions only speed up the free fall.
It's worth noting that producing a farce in a way that's funny is a lost art, and director Lasse Hallström hasn't found it.
The clumsy staging might not grate so much if the tone weren't so self-congratulatory.
A good-looking picture that should especially satisfy upper-middlebrow adult audiences--a high-toned crowd-pleaser, if you will.
Never more than a trifle and a lifeless trifle at that.
Sloppy and corny, and rather enjoyable if you like this kind of thing.
A delightfully silly romp.
Nothing short of a complete stylistic and thematic renovation would improve Hallström's tediously conventional treacle.
Casanova will seduce comedy-hungry audiences who need only be receptive to its handsome, farcical charms.
A shrivelled little romantic comedy.
In sensibility and style, this version recalls the decadent fun of Dangerous Liaisons, vivid spirit of Shakespeare in Love, and frivolous camp of Lester's Musketeers films
At last, a stylish and sexy comedy for grownups.









@highlight

This frothy, oddly bloodless film does a disservice to the colorful life of the real Casanova.