It starts slow, and a bit confusing for those not familiar with the novels, but builds to intensity, creating a taut, sinister spy story for grown-ups.
Tinker, Tailor is a smart-but-hardly-heady genre piece which picks a handful of influences and boils them down to into pliable notions that can then be used to form a style; as far as utterly derivative filmmaking goes, it's pretty damn good.
From top to toe this is one of the best crafted, best acted, most tautly presented thrillers I've seen in a really long time.
This is a fantastic spy film through and through...
If I were to apply a rating system to this film, it wouldn't be stars or thumbs. It would have to be four elbows, as in the number of times I had to elbow my husband to wake him up during the movie.
Unlike the Bond films, this movie reminds us that being a British government agent is always a job, and rarely an adventure.
Tinker Tailer Soldier Spy reminds us the past is never past, even when it seems like it's all over...except the Russian caroling.
I think I eventually put it all together in the end, but the picture makes this task neither easy nor particularly rewarding.
Even an ensemble cast of a very high pedigree can't overcome a plot that's been compacted into near-incomprehensibility.
"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy," with its meticulous Cold War details and labyrinthine plot, is like a smoky 25-year-old single malt scotch whiskey. It hits you hard, but goes down smooth.
The movie is riveting in the exact sense of the word: We feel nailed to the screen in the impossible task of working out what is going on-let alone why it matters.
A masterful adaptation of John Le Carre's 1970s spy thriller about the secret British hunt for a high-ranking KGB mole.
For all those that look at the films of the golden age and chide that "they don't make them that way anymore", here's a fine example that a film can be fresh, intelligent, drawing from the past while carving out its own unique and very contemporary vision
Majestically directed, masterfully acted and brilliantly written, it's not just the best British film of the year but the best film of the year - full stop.
It's of massive benefit ... to have many of the best British actors carrying this dense, convoluted plot through its many twists and knots.
From watching the film, it ends up feeling like maybe reading the book should be a prerequisite, or perhaps viewing the five-hour miniseries would be a good idea.
A very gripping, brilliantly directed character driven genre film, with top class performances from a flawless ensemble cast headed by a perfect performance from Gary Oldman.
Alfredson's marvelous precision in showing how an agent might do difficult espionage work is as thrilling as any overblown James Bond setpiece.
an ultra-realistic view of the spy game
With its hushed and methodical approach - similar to that of Smiley himself - the movie rolls on toward its big reveal with workmanlike exactitude.
The film has intrigues, shootings, infidelities and clues -- lots of clues -- which we ponder, along with the poker-faced Smiley, played with Oscar-nominated perfection by Gary Oldman.
unfolds with maximum perplexity, ensuring that we will never, despite being able to grasp the stakes and gravity of individual scenes, be sure exactly what is going on.
Outstanding performances and fascinating visual design are somewhat marred by a slow pace and a dry narrative.
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy can assert a serious claim to be the best espionage film ever made.
like watching a large candle burn down to nothing and then wondering why there weren't any fireworks. Maybe I was expecting too much? Considering the cast and the subject matter it may be a case of too much of a good thing
No es una película "agradable" ni "entretenida"; es una película incómoda y cerebral apenas perturbada por pequeñas alteraciones en sus personajes. Como las de George Smiley, en la brillante composición de Gary Oldman.
full review at Movies for the Masses
There has always been this ultra-cool tendency in British spy movies, but I don't ever remember seeing one this emotionless. There probably have been some, but few have combined emotional detachment with such technical mastery of filmmaking techniques.
With its austere atmosphere, glacial pace and longwinded plot, it's not a film for everyone.
Alfredson maintains an admirable lightness of touch, and the performances are fine, but narrative cohesion was the first victim of the cross-over and structurally the plot flies helter-skelter.
It begins and ends with Oldman. This is a superlative performance, the renowned actor perched on his chair like a wise old owl overseeing his domain.
Intelligent Tinker rewards patience.
This is a thick, heavy, dense movie that will require your full attention and concentration for two hours. Probably best left for the really hardened spy and intrigue fans.
Criticizing or belittling the film is sort of like taking issue with a cup of tea or a navy business suit from Men's Warehouse.
The film's Cold War setting is part of what makes it work.
This is the kind of movie you'd want to watch with a rewind button handy. Actually, at 127 painfully paced minutes, a fast-forward button might help too.
If you enjoy an intelligent, realistic spy thriller, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is not to be missed.
... conveys a rarefied moral atmosphere, a high, cold place above politics and conventional morality... where aesthetic concerns - the elegance of a given move - might seem as sound a reason to act as ideology or love of country.
Swedish director Tomas Alfredson brings his austere Scandinavian aesthetic to proceedings, and it blends wonderfully with this very British tale.
The deliberate pace, the underplayed naturalism of the settings, the closely observed details and the silken threads of relationships all combine to turn the spy thriller into character driven drama
Le Carré is a master of the genre and under Alfredson's dense direction, the revitalisation of this classic is elevated to new heights as well as a new audience
Swedish director Tomas Alfredson delivers the same diffused visual style and melancholic atmosphere in this new adaptation of John le Carré's 1974 novel that he so successfully employed on Let the Right One In.
Alfredson wraps a riddle inside an enigma and ties it with a big gray bow, as disloyalties are exposed and flashback clues can't come fast enough... boldly dull in protest to modern tastes, and that alone may earn it more praise than it deserves.
Densely plotted and edited with the assumption that fickle, easily distracted audiences will keep up and not lag behind. And woe be to the moviegoer who answers the call of nature.
Put another way, if you're expecting Oldman or Hardy to go all Jason Bourne on some Russkies, you'd be better off staying home and watching Rambo.
You expect a spy thriller to be complicated. However, it shouldn't be so much work that remembering the clues and following the story is a struggle.
Agora sabemos o que teria acontecido caso Bergman houvesse dirigido um exemplar da franquia Missão: Impossível.
As drama, Tinker struggles to make an impact. [It's] far better as a slow-burning study in blank-faced paranoia ... a surprisingly humane portrait of people who regularly engage in acts of inhumanity.
To get through 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,' it really helps to be as observant and discerning as Smiley.
Some great performances, style to spare, a sense of moody menace ... Sad to say, then, that it's virtually impenetrable, and possibly downright boring.
Alfredson is interested in more than just relating a not-so-simple mystery. What the director is after is the very character of the Cold War itself.
A deliberate, cerebral, grim and utterly absorbing film that makes covert operations appear as unsexy as the Bourne films made them seem fast-paced and thrilling.
Bret Easton Ellis Tweeted about the awfulness of this movie. Le Carre vs. Ellis -- considering that's the mental and literary equivalent of a brawl between Godzilla and Jar Jar Binks, I'd say it's safe for discerning viewers to give this a shot.
Ultimately, though, it is very much Oldman's film, thanks to a restrained tour de force performance. Smiley is weathered, worn and beaten down by life, but he's also a quiet, sure force of something that resembles good.
Director Tomas Alfredson has boiled the story down skillfully to a third of that length and infused it with the wry, energy-sapping dread so often found in modern Scandinavian cinema.
Hitchcock once said 'What is drama but life with the dull bits cut out? Tinker Tailor is hellbent on creating drama out of only the dull bits - and as interesting as the movie is to look at, it's not very suspenseful at all.
The busy production design, which takes full advantage of the spacious horizontal emphasis of Alfredson's widescreen compositions, is a marvel of authentic 1970s period detail and meaningful geometry.
Gary Oldman's graceful understatement as Smiley makes his slow-burning performance all the more smashing.
No fancy gadgets, no big fights or gun battles are necessary. Instead, you witness whispered conversations, feelings of anxiety and paranoia and a cold, dreary, rainy world in which it is nearly impossible to discern whom to trust.
Gary Oldman is quietly wonderful as John le Carre's George Smiley. But this subtle and sly film lacks dramatic punch.
There's a fine line separating complex from convoluted, and -- with limited time to tell le Carre's sprawling tale -- Alfredson often comes down on the wrong side.
"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" unfolds inside its own impenetrable environment, with director Alfredson turning a cold shoulder to the audience.
It's as engrossing as any action-packed espionage thriller, and more rewarding in the end.
A nod to the dense, cinematic page-turners for adults they just don't make anymore.
A nearly affectless espionage tale, a Cold War spy thriller that's chilly and boasts few thrills.
Eventually, Tinker Tailor unpacks its chilly distance and spy-versus-spy narrative for an effect that's grand in its intricacies but sparse in its telling.
It's this bleak sensibility that makes it so effective as a thriller.
One of the best arguments for there being a Best Ensemble Oscar I've seen in some time.
Not for everyone, but rewarding for those who know how to look and listen.
"Tinker" radically -- superlatively -- condenses John Le Carré's classic novel, which could scarcely be bounded by seven hourlong episodes in the 1979 BBC adaptation.
May not always be crystal clear, but has plenty to recommend it
As with his international breakout, the exquisite Let the Right One In, Alfredson proves his mettle in authenticating an atmosphere.
It's a well-crafted film that wears its old-fashionedness with pride.
Whether coolly dispatching a fly or eating a Wimpy burger with knife and fork, Oldman carefully makes every gesture part of his quiet revelation of character.
The intersection of three masters of their craft has resulted in a magnificent treatment on the perennial subject of lying for gain.
"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" has a murkiness to it that perfectly fits a spy film; you need to pay attention, or the story will slip away into the shadows.
The atmosphere of secrets and betrayal among the power elite is thrilling because Alfredson never overplays it. "Tinker" is a cool-and-calm movie about cool-and-calm characters who are frantic beneath the surface.
Measured, muted, controlled - a style that is ideally suited to le Carre's brainy, subtle narrative.
Just watching Gary Oldman and his trenchcoated brethren march down the damp, ill-lit streets of Cold War London is enough to make you shiver.
If it's not a byzantine or sprawling as the novel, it's nevertheless a smart and engaging entertainment.
These guys make proper English diction as compelling as a gunfight, and "Tinker Tailor" as satisfying as any shoot-'em-up using real bullets instead of words to get its point across.
Not one performance is wrong, and the casting is as eclectic as it is perfect.
Like its protagonist, the whole film moves at a steady, determined pace, cramming in personalities and events neatly, but with an attention-demanding density.
This superb remake has the inevitable look of a period piece, a smoke-filled rendering of things past. However, thanks to Tomas Alfredson's direction, a taut screenplay, and a uniformly brilliant cast, the film also retains its contemporary relevance.
A movie of chain smokers and whisperers, of grey skies and glum expressions, of rattling tea cups and rotary-dialed telephones.
Catch this Cold War thriller.
...a meticulously conceived and executed adaptation that is, unfortunately, dramatically inert virtually from start to finish...
This is a smart and ruthlessly efficient drama that is complex without being convoluted and refreshingly adult in its approach to boot.
James Bond is the face of British super spies, but Gary Oldman might be the only guy cool enough to challenge him for the crown.
It's a 1970s story told in 1970s style, an unrepentant un-reboot so old school that it feels subversively new.
Does the identity of the mole even matter?
The atmosphere is the most important character in the film.
Irony and amusement flavors the disappointment and failure in spy country.
In its attention to detail and awareness of betrayals both political and human, "Tinker Tailor'' is a movie for grown-ups.
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy begins to seem phlegmatic after a while.
The movie certainly puts the cold in Cold War, but our curiosity needs a hook to hang from.
Alfredsen made the excellent vampire thriller "Let the Right One In," and his knack for brackish, enveloping atmosphere is rare indeed.
"Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" looks, sounds and feels exactly right.
Dramatically dry as toast, Tinker Tailor remains a potent, heroically detailed visual experience, worth a look just to linger on the background details while the characters gradually slip into comas.
If the best thing about a spy movie is the wallpaper, perhaps you've miscalculated.
A superb adaptation of a brilliant book, made with...fidelity, care and intelligence.
The screenplay is a marvel of exposition, offering a parade of characters (and their code names), international incidents, and alliances and double-crosses without ever leaving viewers baffled as to who's doing what to whom, and why.
Gary Oldman as Smiley? The actor who 25 years ago embodied the anarchic, addicted Sid Vicious in Sid & Nancy, now as the donnish defender of the realm? It works for me.
The chilling methods of cold war espionage and betrayal within a fraternity of spy's take centre stage in the absorbing, ever patient and heartbreaking Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
The contemporary version of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy doesn't seem to give a tinker's damn. It's le Carre for Dummies.
Bolstered by a superb cast and ... a very subtle, sly black-humor drollness, Tinker Tailor generates tension from both its aesthetic and narrative stillness.
Le Carré's extraordinary work is reduced to a dreary and incomprehensible shadow.
It's a treat to be back in Le Carré's world, where amid the tangle of plots and counterplots there are moments of lucidity when you sit up and say, "I've got it now!"
A well-crafted, harrowing whodunit of Hitchcockian proportions!
Boasts one of best casts in recent memory. It's like the anti-Bond or Mission: Impossible. A ruthless and realistic look at life in the spy game. Easily one of the best films of the year.
Puts in a strong bid for being the best adaptation of le Carré ever made.
This is a thriller that you have to pay attention to. You will be rewarded for your efforts.
The filmmakers don't try to jazz up the proceedings with a lot of then-and-now equivalencies. At the same time, it is implicit here that spy operations today are essentially the same, with only the names of the players and antagonists changed.
Right in line with Le Carre's books, this is long, slow, and convoluted, although it picks up a little in the last hour.
While the easily bored may find it hard going, those attuned to more cerebral entertainment will likely be hypnotized.
Director Tomas Alfredson has a feel for the downscale look of London during the period that the novel depicts, but little else. Stick with the Guinness version.
You either sink or swim. By osmosis, you'll become an active player, forced to keep the spider web plot in your head. Don't count on any bathroom breaks.
A film that's so judiciously composed and art-directed, it can barely breath.
This is a terrific film, arguably one of the best spy movies ever made.
A person could be smart and attentive and still be hopelessly lost in this thick labyrinth of espionage. Right? I mean, it's not like I failed to grasp Mr. Popper's Penguins.
From the casting of Gary Oldman as veteran MI6 agent George Smiley to the depiction of life in the espionage community of the 1970s, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy delivers the goods.
Carried by the excellent Gary Oldman, rendered in a steel gray and blue palette and impeccably shot, this throwback to British Cold War films is a rewarding, slow-to-boil intrigue.
Cynical and sinister, it's a dreary, confusing, ambiguous, retro glimpse behind the Iron Curtain.
The film emphasizes subtle, sly character details at the expense of flashy, straightforward storytelling.
The spy movie that refused to come in from the cold.
A lot of potboiler is stuffed into these 127 minutes. Some plot is lost but the creepiness of the Cold War comes through loud and clear.
In this slowly paced, dirty-minded adaptation, director Tomas Alfredson is faithful to the painstaking part of le Carre's baroque and cynical fictions, almost to a fault.
Stakes more personal than political [keep] Alfredson's chilly approach from leaving viewers out in the cold entirely.
A cold, dispassionate mystery that finds its thrills in period details and workman-like process.
Swedish Tomas Alfredson's first English-language try comes up short against the spy novel's 1979 U.K. Alec Guinness miniseries.
The cast is uniformly excellent, but as the ringleader of the Circus, Oldman owns the proceedings. In his limitless constraint - his commanding torpor - he is the equal of the magnificent Alec Guinness in the miniseries.
A story about friends selling out friends, of wives betraying husbands, of everyone lying to anyone to gain an edge, an advantage, an extra bit of cash.
The BBC production ran nearly five hours; this new movie runs a bit more than two, which just isn't enough time.
An incredibly smart and well-acted throwback to classic 1970s spy thrillers that le Carré himself would be proud of.
Alfredson offers no concessions to hindsight, no lessons for today. Instead, he's kept faith with le Carre's bleak, romantically elegiac vision of a moment in 20th century history at once glorious and doomed.
Even Alberto Iglesias' old-school symphonic score and Hoyte Van Hoytema's chiaroscuro cinematography aren't quite enough to provide cover for Tinker Tailor's rushed incoherence.
The story, skillfully mined from Mr. le Carré's labyrinthine book and set in 1973, is a pleasurably sly and involving puzzler - a mystery about mysteries within mysteries.
Tinker Tailor requires close watching, but viewers are rewarded with a moody, layered and involving thriller.
The film's production design is a key component of the shadowy world Alfredson creates, one of old men living in dusty old rooms piled with books where color is so muted it makes institutional green look lively.
This is a film to which very close attention must be paid, but the rewards of doing so are considerable.
This version of "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" turns on the presence of Mr. Oldman, and he is an actor of great experience and accomplishment who has finally found a film that fully deserves him.
Oldman's solemn, fixed expression registers a tremendous degree of complexity, especially in light of his character's trained ability to remain withdrawn.
feels like an extended quiz on your ability to put names to faces, codenames to other faces, and nicknames to important intelligence organizations
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy emerges as a tale of loneliness and desperation among men who can never disclose their secret hearts... It's easily one of the year's best films.
A failed attempt to revive John le Carre's espionage novel for a new audience.
Alfredson - taking an impressive step into the mainstream after 2008's wonderful Swedish thriller "Let the Right One In" - remains faithful to his source in both subject and spirit.
...espionage drama as existential horror flick.
The film takes some shortcuts in the storytelling department that end up undermining the drama.
Director Tomas Alfredson's ability to establish mood and place turns out to be an effective way to tell a complicated tale.
The movie's intricacy, and the way it finds its way into the emotional lives of its characters via (and not in spite of) that intricacy, is what makes it extraordinary. Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy challenges audiences to believe in craftsmanship again.
Alfredson lets this story unfold with great care..This movie forces you to either pay attention or lose your way.
After establishing an atmosphere of nearly unbearable dread, Alfredson keeps thickening and chilling it.
... what they've built here is a powerful reminder of the virtues of a smart script that treats its audience like they're smart as well.
The dazzling spy games of Tinker, Tailor remain magnetic even at their most mysterious.
This is an elaborately constructed, sometimes maddeningly convoluted but brilliantly layered thriller.
A dense spy mystery without any clues for the audience.
Each scene in this wonderfully mounted production is so near perfect, Tomas Alfredson's adaptation of John LeCarre's classic Cold War espionage novel can almost be forgiven for not tieing it all together as well.
Alfredson's take on John le Carre's seminal 1974 espionage thriller is intelligent and absorbing, both thematically and visually, benefiting from the passage of time since the fall of the Berlin Wall.
This is a grim, methodical world ruled by drab, mistrustful geeks who have come to relish their power, but Alfredson navigates it fluidly and keeps the many complicated pieces moving with quiet ease.
Immerse yourself in the world Alfredson creates, a paranoiac's nightmare of cautiously opened doors, enigmatic glances and soundproofed rooms inhabited by men in suits with shady motives.
Best known for Let the Right One In, the bleak tween vampire drama remade here as Let Me In, Alfredson is strong on chilly atmospherics.
Tomas Alfredson's Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy may be the best possible movie version of the story, but it illustrates that the big screen is not the ideal medium for a tale of this complexity.
A perfectly condensed, carefully calculated game of chess.
Something in the drama has been dulled, and I was almost bored.
A frustrating film to review as it's a piece of immense quality with impeccable performances, a strong tone and stellar score, but, there's just no denying that it simply isn't for me.
A rich film, packed with detail and deceit that will surely reward multiple viewings.
A top-level Le Carré espionage thriller.
This is the kind of movie where the lead character gets involved in a narrative so labyrinthine that he should eventually suspect himself at some point. That said, Alfredson manages to create a nightmarish atmosphere
While Tomas Alfredson's film is rich in ambiguity and a generalized sense of apprehension, it almost entirely avoids that spy-movie staple: the explosive set piece.
A meticulously visualized anatomy of melancholy, this challenging movie freezes you to the edge of your seat, adrenalized with terror and pity.
Its frustrating miasma of a plot doesn't necessarily translate to a single film, and trying to keep track of what's going on tends to detract from generally solid performances from some of Britain's finest.
It convinced me that the Cold War provided the hidden playing field for one of the greatest shows on earth.
Director Tomas Alfredson peels back myriad shades of atmospheric gray that contribute thoroughly to his British Intelligence characters' consciously modulated mannerisms.
A movie of deceptions within deceptions and clues that glide by in a murmured flash. It turns the very process of figuring things out into a vision of the world.
The intellectual action flick of your dreams.
Many thought the 1979 BBC production of the novel precluded the need for a feature film, but Le Carré himself has commended the efforts of all involved in this adaptation, and he was right to do so.
It's thrilling to encounter a movie that doesn't dumb everything down and is clever enough to not need to, because it isn't all about explosions and instant gratification: it has other things on its mind.
As always with le Carré, the quarry matters less than the hunt; and the hunt is gripping.
A riveting version of a classic book, one that stands as an equal alongside its television forebear.
Alfredson may not deliver palm-dampening excitement, but as his spies conduct their feints and betrayals amid a world of beige-brown, tobacco-fugged drabness, the prevailing mood of prickling unease will keep you no less on edge.
This is a movie that surprises and satisfies in unexpected and pleasing ways.
A classy story of duplicity and paranoia from an uncompromisingly gifted filmmaker.
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy is intelligent filmmaking of the highest calibre, distinguished by tour de force performances from the predominantly British cast.
Feels like the work of a man who knows what he wants rather than one responding to a committee or even a meddling author.
It's quite cheering to encounter such narrative complexity in a mainstream movie.
Unglamorous, yes, and, as we shall see, unreconstructed. But certainly not unexciting.
As a piece of filmmaking it's impossible not to be impressed. Whether you'll be entertained is another matter.
One of the best-looking, best-acted spy movies we've seen in a long while.
The casting throughout is sumptuous, nothing less.
A beautifully crafted period piece that could have been made in the 1970s, albeit with the benefit of modern, sophisticated filmmaking techniques.
It packs a huge emotional punch.
[An] exceptionally classy adaptation of John le Carre's 1974 novel, starring an impressive collection of British actors.
This bloodless, bloodthirsty John Le Carré adaptation doesn't hang together.
The sense of place and time is perfect: a pre-swinging London, rain-drenched and as cold as the war being fought.
Completely absorbing and a more than worthy companion piece to the 1979 BBC serialisation.
What a treat this film is, and what an unexpected thrill.
Features great performances and terrific Cold War detail...
It's rare to see a film in which writers, director and cast all respect the intelligence of their audience. So when it happens, it's something to savour.
Impressively directed and brilliantly shot, this is a gripping spy story with a satisfyingly intelligent script, some superb production design work and terrific performances from a wonderful ensemble cast.
This spy story is all about the journey - the process - and the byways of the route, not the grand finale. This film's superb cast, script and direction threaten to make that journey equally as thrilling as Le Carré's book.
Cinema-goers who like their movies to be full of action should give it a miss. But this is still a hugely compelling, brilliantly acted, intelligent and classy British film.
The air is as eerily thick as it was in Let the Right One In, painted in the same muted colors, drawing attention to blank spaces that seem to close in on the characters.
John le Carré's 1974 novel - most famously served in the BBC's seven-part series with Alec Guinness in the Smiley role - is machine-tooled down to a lean two hours by Swedish director Tomas Alfredson.
A platform of acting greatness that defines British cinema and novel writing as world class. It is a nostalgic tour de force that demands due diligence.
Utterly absorbing, extremely smart and - considering this is a sad, shabby, drably grey-green world of obsessives, misfits, misdirection, disillusionment, self-delusion and treachery - quite beautifully executed.
At two hours, the film version is a third the miniseries' length, requiring severe compression by screenwriters Peter Straughan (The Debt) and Bridget O'Connor, which they've accomplished smartly.
Whatever else, Tinker Tailor underlines the strength of British character acting.
This isn't the breed of spying popularised by James Bond, full of glamour and girls, this is the brass tacks end of the market, where commitment to country comes with a sheaf of paper and a public school briefcase.
Prepare to lose yourself - in every sense - in a labyrinth of double-agents, deception and damn fine acting from the year's best British line-up. Oldman at least deserves the Oscar nod he's been long denied.
This exquisitely directed, wonderfully acted old-school thriller is a major all-rounder Awards contender, and just might secure Gary Oldman that nomination he's been deserving for so many years.
Diligent, honorable, astute, a carefully executed whodunit that captures the stark drabness of early '70s Cold War Britain and features a razor-sharp turn from Oldman. - Matt Mueller for TOH.
An inventive, meaty distillation of Le Carre's 1974 novel, pic turns hero George Smiley's hunt for a mole within Blighty's MI6 into an incisive examination of Cold War ethics, rich in both contempo resonance and elegiac melancholy.
It is one of the few films so visually absorbing, felicitous shot after shot, that its emotional coldness is noticed only at the end, when all the plot twists are unraveled in a solid piece of thinking-man's entertainment for upmarket thriller audiences.
A superb adaptation of John le Carré's brilliant, intricate Cold War spy novel, the film is a triumph.
An effective celebration of Le Carré's artful story-telling, acted by one and all with a quiet panache that strikes home.
A marvellously chill and acrid cold war thriller from Swedish director Tomas Alfredson.
A classy, very British affair.

@highlight

Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a dense puzzle of anxiety, paranoia, and espionage that director Tomas Alfredson pieces together with utmost skill.