Still, sometimes you won't notice the bland dialogue or storytelling when getting lost within the swirling, colourful frames.
Loving Vincent is a triumph in animation.
The film contributes little to what is already known about [Vincent Van Gogh], however, this impressionistic visual delight is something you don't often get from cinemas. [Full Review in Spanish]
Don't miss it. [Full review in Spanish]
The film both engenders new fans for Van Gogh, who had so few supporters during his lifetime and satisfies those aficionados long familiar with his work and life story.
Loving Vincent is stunning in a whole new way, although the amount of work and length of time taken to produce it may render it a one-hit wonder.
Entirely hand-painted by a team of more than 100 specially-trained artists, this animated historical mystery is a breathtaking achievement.
Van Gogh's paintings already shimmer and swirl on canvas. Here, because of the animation, the painter's images of postmen, farmers and country doctors come to life in glorious squiggle-vision.
The film shines with an overwhelming originality. [Full Review in Spanish]
The great affection of the filmmakers and their technical team for the work of [Vincent van Gogh] manifests without any doubt. [Full Review in Spanish]
... in Loving Vincent the artifice itself is a masterpiece... [Full review in Spanish]
Loving Vincent is, as the title itself reflects, the closing of a letter of love and passion to art... [Full review in Spanish]
Deeply interesting as a visual experience, Loving Vincent is a movie that deserves to be seen.
...the perfect movie for those with the soul of an artist; a work of art that I doubt will be imitated any time soon. [Full Review in Spanish]
The sheer ambition and scope of this labour of love is an astonishing achievement. The screen shimmers as a living organism befitting and indeed resembling the work of its subject.
As labours of love go, it's peerless and the way the co-directors slip some 130 Van Gogh canvases into the action often feels inspired. But, as biography, this audacious project is somewhat unreliable.
Even when the story starts to wane or betrays its occasional clunky set-up, the experiential effect of being absorbed into a living painting should keep viewers intrigued.
...puts you inside Van Gogh's paintings, and lets you walk around in them.
Standing as the world's first fully-painted feature film, Loving Vincent is a masterpiece must-see for the beauty and a plot that's worth the wait until it's hit the cheap theatres.
Loving Vincent is the definition of a one-of-a-kind animated feature, and a competently crafted untangling of the mysteries surrounding the death of Vincent van Gogh that also celebrates his life work
The most beautiful and most impressively hand-made achievement in animation (which arguably makes it the most beautiful film of any sort) in 2017.
From $3 refrigerator magnets to Louis Vuitton's $4,000 purse, Van Gogh's iconic images are ubiquitous today. In fact, they are so familiar that it's hard to believe he sold only one single painting in his short and tortured life.
It's so resplendent with rich colors and textured and vibrant brush strokes that at times it overwhelms the film's narrative, which concerns the troubled artist's death in 1890.
The film is a labor of love for its creators, a tribute to an artist who was neither appreciated nor understood until after he was gone.
... despite the precarious development of the characters and their anecdotal plot, it is impossible not to fall in love with the artist... [Full review in Spanish]
The supposed mystery and the narrative structure... is the pretext, as I noted before, for the irrefutable technical boast... [Full review in Spanish]
A great visual experiment. [Full Review in Spanish]
Simply fabulous. [Full Review in Spanish]
The storyline is mediocre and uneventful, and the film is just a tad too long, but the reason to see the film is for its sheer visual merit and innovation.
The result is breathtakingly original, a reminder of both van Gogh's unique vision and the tactile pleasure of hand-drawn animation.
Loving Vincent" is an emotional and spiritual mystery of sorts, an existential examination into a life and the art that sprang from a truly tragic figure.
It is those works, flowing with life, that set "Loving Vincent" apart from your standard life study. And they are what underscores that film title's very meaning.
There's so much to do in life and so little time. Should I go out to a movie tonight, or visit the art museum? "Loving Vincent" is the closest you can get to doing both simultaneously.
The effort might outweigh the impact in this unique tribute to Vincent van Gogh, but what an effort it is.
Loving Vincent is made up of visually lush, gorgeously coloured, constantly moving surfaces, but the narrative underneath remains awkward and static.
Aided by a fine score courtesy Clint Mansell, your patience will be rewarded as long as you focus on the presentation beyond the slow pacing and all the conjecture.
A beautiful piece of the puzzle in understanding creative genius.
A film that one can already guess is overwhelming... [Full review in Spanish]
A crime of cinematic passion, a daring attempt at replicating a famed artist's visionary style in animated form, and a somewhat plodding detective story told in wheezy old narrative tropes that violate an often ravishing technique.
It is a phenomenal technical accomplishment, elevated to dazzling heights by a stunning cast, gorgeous score and touching story that unleashes the artist inside us all.
There is so much going on in every frame that it's hard to stop thinking long enough to become emotionally involved. But it hardly matters. This time it really is a case of art for art's sake.
It's impossible not to be swept up by the artistic achievements on show. Van Gogh's distinct brush strokes, lovingly recreated frame by frame, bring this animation vividly alive.
A labour of love that has taken nearly seven years to finish, Loving Vincent raises the bar, and then some, for animation filmmakers.
This lavish production from Dorota Kobiela and Hugh Welchman was created using oil paintings for each of the 65000 frames, and the effect is at times absolutely dazzling.
A creative animated feature exploring the mysterious death of Vincent Van Gogh.
An ethereal hybrid of biopic, drama and investigative mystery, Loving Vincent is quite unlike anything seen on screen before.
The point of Van Gogh's style on the canvas was always its dynamism, its motility, so to see that style in motion is a curiously over-literal treat.
Opting to use a very peculiar art form in a full-length feature film has come at the expense of variations in how the narrative's drama is projected over the course of the entire story.
A hypnotic visual experience, but it's not enough to be a good movie. [Full Review in Spanish]
The result is hypnotic and emotional. [Full Review in Spanish]
A rather convention "Kane/Rashomon" investigation into Van Gogh's last days, vividly rendered in the painting style of the impressionist master.
the film's formal triumph is astounding and utterly unique, but its narrative is incontrovertibly rote
Loving Vincent may not be unique but it's very special.
Loving Vincent is one of the more remarkable movies you will see in theaters this year, with a particular emphasis on the word "see."
Loving Vincent features the beauty of Van Gogh's art and the monumental achievement of the artists bringing it to life.
For the love of God, why did this need to be a feature-length production?
... the reproductions are made with such skill that the Dutch oil paintings really seem to come alive. [Full review in Spanish]
...Van Gogh's oil paintings really seem to come alive. [Full review in Spanish]
Loving Vincent -- the title comes from the way Van Gogh signed his letters -- is a living, breathing tribute to Van his genius and his struggle to create. Anyone who appreciates art, or wants to learn how, will find delight in it.
Loving Vincent is a call to reconsider the narrative and dreamlike capacity of painting, its ability to absorb our attention and propel imagination and dreams. [Full review in Spanish]
Much more than a technical curiosity. [Full Review in Spanish]
Van Gogh's masterpieces come to startling, vivid, and enchanting life in a film of enormous beauty and sharp insight.
Loving Vincent takes us beyond the myth.
The beauty is in the process, of course, which mixes the art of melancholy Vincent van Gogh with a mystery yarn about his death that becomes compelling in spite of some sentimental goings-on.
There is something psychedelically exciting about seeing the action unfold, so wild are the colors and designs.
... a visual approach that sounds, on paper, like a thin gimmick is consistently compelling on-screen-sometimes breathtakingly so.
The amount of effort that went to this movie is mind-blowing.
By adding hand drawing to every moment of the story, the team hoped to add an unusual dimension to the story. They did. It feels unforgivably gimmicky.
The animation style helps the movie humanize its subjects in a manner that mostly eludes traditional animators...It's a wonder to behold and the movie amounts to a work of art in and of itself.
An innovative, vibrant film that seems to spring from the screen in the same energetic brush strokes as the iconic Dutch artist who took his own life in 1890.
The resulting movie is stunning-a dream-like vision that flutters and vibrates with energy.
Loving Vincent may look beautiful, but it sure is boring.
"Loving Vincent" is almost too beautiful for its own good; I found myself, too often, so dazzled by the form that I quite forgot about the content.
Might I suggest a nice glass of wine (or three) while you soak it in. I think you'll find that that will accompany the film like it would with a fine meal.
Eleanor Tomlinson and Aidan Turner shine through with a realism that few artists - and certainly not van Gogh - could ever hope to capture.
Framed as a kind of detective story, the film seems rather pedestrian, ambling from one talking head to the next, but the portrait of the driven, eccentric wastrel at its centre is indelibly drawn.
Declamatory dialogue is a little too on the nose, but the animation is a mercurial wonder; a snaking, vibrant vision in the golds, ochres and cornflower blues that sing of the artist's most famous work.
Loving Vincent is a gorgeous, inventive work of art, but some will take more value from it than others.
The roiling landscape scenes betray the redundance of animating images that already sizzle with energy, but the portraiture works beautifully, especially because the actors who supply the characters' voices and visages are first-rate.
A poignant portrait of a revolutionary artist.
There's lots of love (and loveliness) on display here: the color paintings are rendered after the manner of the modern master, and there's a stubborn refusal to either glamorize a suffering soul or demonize those who may have helped to seal his fate.
Same old same old, you might think, which is to sell short the visual ravishment. Now if only Loving Vincent had applied some tough love to its script.
It's wonderful. It's also corny, weird and a little cheesy. It would not be out of place as a commission to accompany the recently acquired trophy art in a Las Vegas casino.
The movie's painting proves inconsistent, perhaps an inevitable result of using hundreds of artists. That, however, wouldn't have mattered had the story lived up to the stature of the artist.
A remarkable stylistic achievement, then, but Loving Vincent has its flaws, and I can't say that its script is equal to the triumphant visual technique on display.
[A] mad, marvelous enterprise...The sheer beauty of the individual frames goes far to compensate for the narrative bumps.
There's a lot here to love.
It relies on forced exposition to push the story forward and often recalls bad dinner theater, and is certainly the least interesting way to tell van Gogh's tale.
By tapping into the innate power of great art, Kobiela and Welchman's drama adds up to more than the novelty of its sumptuous parts.
A sensationalist approach to the artist's final days which ultimately illuminates little.
It's a novelty, really, for better and for worse.
Gasp as The Starry Night swirls and moves. Swoon as the Café Terrace at Night bubbles into life. And be only mildly interested as the Polish animator Dorota Kobiela tries to concoct a narrative to justify all the bravura stylism.
Corn fields shimmer and rustle with slight flickers of the impasto. The night sky sparkles and swirls. And faces - even the recognisable ones of a noted British cast - pose for a set of portraits that are rarely short of captivating.
The worst thing by far about Loving Vincent, at least emotionally, is that it does little to dispel the tortured artist mythos, though really that theory is wound around Vincent van Gogh himself. The plot is also a concern.
As a piece of handcrafted animation, it provides a welcome contrast to all those movies full of cutesy talking animals turned out by the Hollywood studios.
Visually, it's spectacular. Conceptually, it's jaw-dropping to simply considering the effort that went into this. The story, however, doesn't always hold its own.
As beautiful as Loving Vincent may appear, there is nothing behind the brushstrokes.
The images are dazzling. The words and voices are clever enough, and sensitive enough, to do the dazzle justice.
The gorgeous animation alone makes "Loving Vincent" worth the price of admission. And the narrative, if a bit paint-by-numbers, is interesting enough.
Part mystery, part visual experiment, 'Loving Vincent' is a reverent ode to the 19th century painter Vincent van Gogh.
Here is an oddity: intriguing and yet weirdly exasperating, like a sentimental tribute, or a one-joke epic, or a monomaniacal act of stylistic pedantry.
Despite dialogue and accent issues, this is a breathtaking homage to van Gogh. There has never been a film like it.
A triumph of painstaking technical prowess and stunning visuals over storytelling and dialogue. See it for its nuanced take on a huge cultural figure and to applaud its astounding audacity.
Reportedly the first fully painted animated film in history, this seven-years-in-the-making effort is often breathtakingly beautiful.
The beautiful, novel movie takes viewers into the paintings and, with them, the life of the postimpressionist Dutch artist.
Loving Vincent is gorgeous. It's a film of immersive beauty.
A visually arresting and worthy tribute to a genius.
Loving Vincent is a visual marvel, but this animated homage to Van Gogh doesn't have much narrative pull.
In the end, Loving Vincent feels more impersonal than other recent (and arguably more truly handmade) animated films, such as The Girl Without Hands or especially My Entire High School Sinking into the Sea.
The style of one conversation after another, intercut with black-and-white memories and recreations of events in Van Gogh's life, makes the story play out like a televised police procedural.
By the final scenes you may feel like you're overdosing on a cake that's all frosting.
See it and be exhilarated.
Taking seven years to complete, this labour of love makes for a rewarding experience for viewer, for it's an indelible visual experience.
It took them and a team of more than 100 artists over six years to hand-paint the film's 65,000 frames. The wait was worth it, as their creation is the best animated film of the century.
It's the kind of folly that demands a measure of respect, for the effort, if not altogether for the result.
A revealing story animated in the style of van Gogh, everything you see could have been painted by Vincent himself... truly a wonderful dream to sit through and enjoy.
Animating Van Gogh's bold impasto, already kinetic on the canvas, could have been merely superfluous. As moving pictures, though, the brushstrokes have an unexpected pull in this uneven but deeply felt homage.
You will marvel at the art in this labor-intensive labor-of-love.
An engrossing exploration of the artist's final days rendered in his signature painting style.
One would quite possibly glean more about the artist from simply looking at his canvases than by seeing them in this obsessively reproduced form.
One of the most lunatic labors of love to appear on movie screens this year. And in that sense, a fitting, miraculous tribute to its subject.
... the most visually stimulating feature film to be released in years.
"Loving Vincent" is utterly transfixing.
If you are hungry for dazzling eye candy and don't mind a less-than-meaty narrative, this might please your palate.
It's a sideshow curiosity: The Incredible Bad Idea; the Graduate Art School Project Gone Wrong.
There's no denying that Loving Vincent, as a curated and curious homage to the beloved Dutchman's work and the fragility of his soul, is a one-of-a-kind accomplishment. But only in its thoroughness.
Dorota Kobiela and Hugh Welchman's film is driven by an off-putting and oxymoronic fusion of reverence and egotism.
As the story limps and drags, the viewer also becomes accustomed to the images, and astonishment at the film's innovative, painstaking technique begins to fade. But its charm never quite wears off, for reasons summed up in the title.
The titillating theme is that Van Gogh's gunshot wound was not self-inflicted, but what makes this movie sui generis is that it is the first fully painted feature film.
The splendour of the artwork is not matched by the tale being told, which is of the paint-by-numbers variety.
An extraordinary (and entirely demented) labor of love that makes for a wan and uneven viewing experience, "Loving Vincent" takes the phrase "every frame a painting" to very literal new levels.
Brings a poetic sense of tragedy to the last act of van Gogh's life, and fresh insight into the kind of man he was.
There are enough traces of the artist himself in the movie, from his many paintings to the famous letters he wrote to his brother and benefactor Theo, to please both experts and newbies, who should enjoy watching his work come to life on screen.

@highlight

Loving Vincent 's dazzling visual achievements make this Van Gogh biopic well worth seeking out -- even if its narrative is far less effectively composed.