Bigger, more ambitious, and more raucous, Machete Kills stands as a film that proves more can, sometimes, be less.
Maybe... 'neo-grindhouse' has become a 'genre' because Tarantino's Midas touch turned grindhouse into ... art? Grindhouse sort of sounds like 'art house.' On the other hand-nah.
The stunt casting is so poorly realized that actors pop in and out of the film at random, the story apparently stitched together according to actors' schedules.
"Machete will return in: Machete Kills!" boomed the gritty voiceover dude at the end of Robert Rodriguez's 2010 Mexploitation parody. Three years later, we're reminded that it was a threat, not a promise.
Everything looks artificial and achieved in post-production. Every shortcut is met to save money on budget and time.
Danny Trejo is as far from stale whitebread as you can get. He's the real deal.
An absolutely absurd action extravaganza. It's doubly crazy, chaotic and all kinds of ridiculous fun.
The meta parody of Machete Kills is a self-congratulating exercise in overkill. Its onslaught of gags try so hard to be outrageous they become banal. It looks like it was way more fun to make than to watch.
If nothing else, Robert Rodriguez's Grindhouse homage manages the herculean feat of making us feel sorry for Mel Gibson.
'Machete Kills' is 'Spy Kids' Meets 'Moonraker'... with Blood. Machete Cortez is back... and so over-the-top, he literally floats away.
An interminable bore.
Guns and explosions aren't that exciting when the plot hasn't sucked you in, and lacking the imaginative, spunky spirit of the original, Machete Kills just feels so much more laboured.
It's a questionable gig that may become an endearing one by 'Machete X: Machete Goes Hawaii.'
Loud, fun, ultra-violent sequel to Machete, with unsmiling crater-faced Danny Trejo as the Mexican hero slashing and slaughtering his way to justice. Director Robert Rodriguez does what all good, trashy sequels do, which is to deliver more of the same.
Multi-tasker Robert Rodriguez sequelises his Machete, originally a joke trailer in Grindhouse, and manages one of his most messy and (even for this sort of nonsense) ludicrous efforts.
Uncompromised in its goofy cartoon vision of an insane world that doesn't realize it's reached a state of post-apocalypse, even though the bombs have yet to fall.
Machete don't text, but he does seem to have jumped a shark. The first film was great fun, but Machete Kills seems to have misunderstood its own joke.
Machete was arguably Rodriguez's best movie, but MACHETE KILLS -- while still passable -- comes nowhere close.
Over the top in every area and making good actors look bad at every turn.
"Machete" was fun. "Machete Kills" gives me a headache.
The market has well and truly rejected the Machete franchise, as if it were salted toothpaste or phlegm-flavoured soda.
For those who enjoyed the surprise TV hit 'Sharknado' this summer and/or the original 'Machete,' here's 'Machete Kills,' a parody of old-time drive-in and generally sleazy movies that's a sequel to 'Machete' from a few years back.
An obvious improvement over its virtually unwatchable predecessor...
The film is often very funny, even though the pacing is extremely slack, wasting far too much time with pointless exposition and misogynistic smirking.
Trivial and tedious...enough already!
If you liked the first film, chances are you'll have a good time with this one. (If you sit through the new Romeo & Juliet remake, it's easy to mistake Machete Kills for genius.)
Machete does, indeed, kill. This time around, he also sucks.
Machete Kills is a film in which style sardonically routs substance, a cloying gag built around the iconic quality of Trejo's matchlessly craggy face, which resembles a plate of sundried corned beef.
Basically, take a Screwy Squirrel cartoon, and replace the titular rodent with a unfailingly snarling Mexican.
Grindhouse and Machete were satires of exploitation films -- Machete Kills is simple exploitation -- both of the cast and the audience's goodwill.
Not funny enough to be a comedy, not weighty enough to be a real B-movie thriller ...
This ignores the first rule of proper B-movie exploitation cinema - that anything over 89 minutes is just excess baggage, of which Machete Kills has plenty. Still, at least it's authentic in one respect - the trailer is better than the film.
It's the gleeful combination of junk dialogue, "you've saved the world's ass", and inventive cartoon violence that gives the enterprise an oddball labour of love-feel. The affection's contagious.
Rodriguez seems to forget what the actual joke is behind the Machete franchise.
Dull where it should be demented and reluctant when it should be raw.
Of course Machete Kills is supposed to be "bad," but it's also supposed to be entertainingly dumb and loony - which is where it falls short.
If you don't like outrageous lopping off of heads and splitting of torsos, then don't see "Machete Kills".
The bludgeoning can only go so far, and after the first hour, I'm thinking enough already.
Lazy writing, who-cares acting, klutzy fight sequences, and Seventies-style rack focus give us a headache.
Hack work any way you look at it.
It's unfair to say Machete Kills is boring and stupid, but it flirts with both of those adjectives far too often to be considered a good movie.
This movie skips the grindhouse era and goes straight for the meth house dynamic.
Machete Kills plays like a joke that's been told a few times too often.
The mind boggles, the stomach turns and the heart sinks. You have been warned.
A self-aware exploitation picture that winks as it picks your pocket.
When a celebrity chef like Rodriguez is just going through the motions, we can smell that the grindhouse fad is way past its expiration date. It's time to put a fork in it.
"Machete Kills" is barely a movie. It's an inside joke wrapped in a fanboy fantasy, pieced together through a haze of ironic detachment.
Doomed to join the ranks of the very schlock it presumes to upend.
The decision to put a trailer for Machete Kills Again... in Space! at the beginning of the film might have been a mistake since that looks better than this one.
The casting free-for-all promises more freewheeling fun than "Kills" actually delivers.
Endless assault weapons, exploding helicopters, crashing cars and floors splattered with blood, limbs and entrails, all adding up to nothing.
A fearlesss exercise in rampaging WTF that may exceed your gaudiest expectations.
Machete kills, sure. Unfortunately, he overkills.
Just don't expect a classic of American independent cinema.
Machete Kills aims for 'so bad, it's good', but ends up just plain bad.
I found it to be an improvement over the original. The energy is higher, the action is crazier, and the humor is more evident. I had a hell of a good time with this.
It's a step in the right direction, at least, and the trailer for the third movie at the start of this one suggests an even bigger step into absurdity.
A tongue-in-cheek exploitationer that manages to be batshit-crazier than the first, but only about half as diverting.
For all its testosterone and bravado, Machete Kills won't leave you with much to remember about the film that the title doesn't already tell you.
Machete Kills dulls more than anything.
If there are boundaries of good taste to be followed, Machete Kills leaves them in a bloody heap
Preposterousness, thy name is Rodriguez.
Until your eyes glaze over after about a half-hour, "Machete Kills" might put a twisted smirk of guilty amusement on your face.
Uses a dull blade to hack away at the same targets that the first film so deftly eviscerated, namely B-movies.
"Machete Kills" is exploitation cinema, in the same way that a teen who pays $28 at the mall for a Sex Pistols T-shirt is a punk rocker.
Machete Kills is what happens when you stomp - or slash - a good idea to death.
The result is like a Funny Or Die sketch that goes on for way too long.
It's saved by an enjoyably loopy script, several surprisingly strong performances, and the inventive direction of Robert Rodriguez, whose low-budget creativity is a performance in itself.
The odd vivid shot reminds you of Rodriguez's dynamic visual imagination, but also what it's wasted on here: a project as indifferent as some of the trash that inspired it.
Rodriguez knows his audience and how to pander directly to it
Where the first film reflected its simple roots by not reaching for too much, here it too often feels like Rodriguez is trying too hard to impress.
It's the kind of movie you pause to watch when it's on TV, but after half an hour, you'll click over to something else.
A conceptual throwback, to days when Roger Corman and other low-budget mavericks gleefully deemed any crazy idea worth tossing into a movie.
Guns don't kill. Machete Kills!
Robert Rodriguez is America's most frustrating filmmaker.
Many heads roll in Robert Rodriguez's violent, comedy action sequel Machete Kills. Considering how brainless this motion picture gets, that might actually be a clever metaphor.
Look, it is as silly as it gets but it's a fun preposterous ride and I was locked in for the whole trip.
"Machete Kills"? "Machete Bores" is more like it.
I think that this "Machete" may have killed any desire I had to see yet another B-movie homage.
"Machete Kills" is just plain bad in a way that is in no way good.
The strongest example yet of the corner [Rodriguez] seems to have painted himself into, a sad funhouse of bad movies made in thrall of bad movies.
Even a movie where Sofia Vergara wears a strap-on crotch gun is less crazy than our national conversation about immigration
"Machete Kills" runs its one joke into the ground, murders it, and murders it again and again.
The appeal of this kind of campy excess is limited, especially when you're making a copy of a copy of a copy of something whose original appeal was in its low-budget enthusiasm rather than in anything that might be called artistic merit.
A major disappointment.
"Machete kills," U.S. President Rathcock says during, um, Machete Kills. "That's what he does." So, no false advertising here, folks.
Teases for future war remain, yet the first sequel doesn't color outside the lines, presenting itself as dependable mischief with a giddy sense of humor and a satisfying appreciation for B-movie bedlam.
Robert Rodriguez returns to Grindhouse territory with this B-movie spoof sequel that mixes hilariously knowing jokes with painfully stiff storytelling.
A bad film in tired inverted commas is still a bad film.
Throws a ton of fun-seeking ideas at the wall in hopes that we'll enjoy the splatter.
Machete Kills has its moments and is more fun than the disappointing original but it also outstays its welcome, overplays all its jokes and weirdly underuses its central character.
Robert Rodriguez offers up reliably lame sequel to an original which already felt conceptually stretched.
Its tongue is jammed so far in its cheek that it scans, at least in parts, like an Austin Powers movie, albeit one with multiple beheadings and disembowelings.
What started as a one-joke fake trailer became a one-joke real movie, and now this one-joke sequel. It isn't a bad joke, but it isn't much of a movie.
Not quite as good as the 2010 original nor quite as bad as most cheapo genre sequels.
We heard the joke. And we got it the first time.
Rodriguez's only real sin as a filmmaker is that he wants to give you way too much of a crazy ultraviolent good time.
Even at 107 minutes, it outstays its welcome...and it's difficult to see Machete Kills cutting much ice with an audience that doesn't consist of damp-palmed teenage boys.
Machete Kills is a blast of bad taste that entertains for the majority of its run-time.
Despite a raft of A-list cameos, director Robert Rodriguez fails to serve up enough laughs to justify a second helping of Danny Trejo's Mexican hardman.
I'm not exactly a Machete cultist - but I'm cultish enough to admit I had a lot of fun watching Machete Kills.
Intestines tangle in helicopter rotors, heads pop in spring-loaded decapitations, and there's even a new fake trailer up top. Little is believable, and that's exactly as it should be.
Like a meal made entirely of chillies, Machete Mk II is spicy to start with, then unpleasant, then numbing - before it all starts to repeat.
Much as we want to relish the shameless parade of cartoon violence ... the soggy plotting and slack comic timing are downers.
Good, silly fun. Works better than the first one.
Violent, silly, embarrassing, clumsy, confusing, juvenile, occasionally offensive, occasionally a little bit fun.
Machete may kill, but on the second time around his repetitious, deadpan brand of humor really doesn't so much.
Forget about the socially conscious core that fueled the exploitation engine of the first film. This one is flat-out, no-message action comedy, outrageous and hilarious.
The films that Robert Rodriguez emulates here are known for similar unexpected narrative turns, but the crucial value that he misses is their actual cheapness.
The sequel Machete Kills opens with a fake trailer for a not-yet-produced third installment, then spends the next 100-plus minutes making a case for plunging a knife into the franchise's heart.
A surprisingly long-lived gag finally runs out of gas in Robert Rodriguez's noticeably duller, less outrageous sequel to 'Machete.'
Without the original's clever set pieces and humorously excessive violence, director Robert Rodriguez's follow-up actioner is a surprisingly dull affair straining to harness the pulp appeal that made Machete a disreputable treat.
All of the silliness would be a bit more fun if it weren't so exhausting.
Robert Rodriguez creates a sequel precisely as gratuitous as his fake trailer-turned-real movie deserves - which is to say, it's both excessively graphic and utterly pointless.
It's sexy, goofy, absurd, and full of bonkers performances
A movie so lumbering and unnecessarily stupid that it has rid this reviewer of the desire to see Rodriguez continue the Machete saga.
It breaks my heart too, because I am totally behind the concept of the Machete movies.

@highlight

While possessed with the same schlocky lunacy as its far superior predecessor, Machete Kills loses the first installment's spark in a less deftly assembled sequel.