Ultimately, Holly might have been more effective as a documentary.
Despite its best intentions, Holly never achieves the dramatic clarity it needs to put its human suffering into galvanizing perspective.
Well-meaning but terminally dull.
It's realistic enough to admit that there's probably no way to ever completely eradicate an evil for which there seems to be such an eager demand.
Moshe and co-screenwriter Guy Jacobson use their white protagonist not cynically to exploit white guilt, but to excavate it and examine its possibilities and failings with an anthropological eye.
...it's easy to imagine how another director might have felt the need to switch to slo-mo and cue the violins.
While Yaron Orbach's camera repeatedly evokes Patrick's naïveté and yearning, the setting also remains resolutely "foreign."
Despite a strong performance by Livingston, the film is sunk by sluggish pacing, straight-ahead plotting and an unresolved ending -- not to mention its inability to convince us that anything much can be done about sexual slavery.
Half drama, half social tract, Guy Moshe's feature debut is meant to illustrate the horrors of child prostitution in Southeast Asia. The intentions, unfortunately, are more notable than the execution.
Gritty and wrenching, Holly is fiction with the heart of an expose.
A grittily realistic picture of a very unpretty world.
There's a riveting story lurking inside Holly; It's just not the one the filmmakers want to tell.
An unsparing look at child prostitution is a hard sell for audiences, but this movie is a memorable achievement.
Even if it's the story of a white guy trying to save the day, it's also just a man looking to rescue an innocent girl from a life she never chose.
A dawdling, myopic drama.
Though the storytelling is haphazard, artistry often transcends mere good intentions.
The almost amateur impression of 'Holly' allows for emphasis on what this urgent tale is about, rather than on any neat, packaged film-ness.
The movie is not a great piece of filmmaking, but it shines a light on a perverse and sordid part of the world few people have ever seen.
The dramatization of child sexual slavery comes across more involved in education than entertainment, its tone less melodramatic than what we found in 'Trade.'
Newcomer Thuy Nguyen, only 14 during production, holds her own with natural aplomb.




@highlight

Despite some execution problems, Holly remains a realistic and gritty look at child sex slavery.