Shot in HD and wholly embracing the technology, Piano Tuner makes bold leaps into visual domains previously untrodden by filmmakers, even the Quays, but incorporates plenty of their animation and their trademark density of decor. Absolutely entrancing!!!
The narrative fails to be as colorful as the title.
blends live action and animation to create a surreal hermetic vision that is as beautifully seductive as it is chillingly inaccessible.
What the movie lacks in acting and coherence, it more than makes up for through imagery.
The story proves to be elusive, and the robotic performances of the cast make it hard to care about any of the characters -- or to try to figure out what's supposed to be going on.
It's one thing to make an audience sweat a bit to ferret out a plot, or piece together visual clues in order to comprehend a film. But it's quite another to dunk such richly imagined pictures in such a thick coat of shadow.
It's a hauntingly effective, poetic mood piece but an exasperating drama.
Beyond that? Not much.
It is a bold step into a mainstream realm for its ancient fablelike theme, agile storytelling, magnificent design and sure grasp of long-form narrative structure.
The Quay brothers have created a gloriously gorgeous filmwith wondrous set pieces that have been beautifully shot inburnished tones by cinematographer Nic Knowland. It's a dark and disturbing fairy tale that fans of the brothers' work will embrace.
This opaque tale offers meticulously crafted atmosphere, but rather less passion or drama.
As in most of the Quays' fantasias, the narrative is oblique and slow moving but the florid visuals are rife with sexual and psychological overtones.
Like a dream, this film is wispy and ethereal; like a nightmare, it lodges in your hindbrain and gnaws away with gleeful abandon.
Exquisitely detailed, difficult to grasp hold of, and always obscured by molds and corrosions. The Quay Brothers are distinct oddities in the landscape of contemporary cinema.
Characters slowly whisper their dialogue to one another in scenes that would put the dead to sleep.
The whole movie feels filmed through the wrong end of a stereopticon: stiff, fascinating, riddled with secrets it doesn't care to divulge.
The music is gorgeously classical and some of the images are memorable and haunting, but experiencing the film is near-torture.
... those who can surrender to the Quays' poetic logic will find "The Piano Tuner" to be nothing short of a masterpiece.
However much The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes wants to haunt your dreams, it has a better chance of production-designing you to death.
What if David Lynch had directed The Abominable Dr. Phibes? The result might well have been something along the lines of this Quay Brothers horror art film.
'The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes' is a semi-animated, human-acted fantasy that plays sweetly but takes too long to say too little.
What we are seeing is the most rational irrationality-and all sheer artifice anyway.
The second feature from Quay Brothers, an uneasy, often intriguing foray into live-action from a tesm known for their animated shorts, is a risk-taking experimental film, but despite startling visuals, it's difficult to follow the unclear narrative
"Eraserhead" without the yucks.
[Piano Tuner of Earthquakes is] one of those rare examples of a completely original environment created for the screen. Then people start talking, and the snoozing soon commences.
[The film] combines live action and their trademark animation into a creepy, glittering object whose dreamlike quality are mesmerizing to a particular kind of sensibility.
While longtime admirers of the brothers' animated shorts and music videos will undoubtedly love it, there's an airless, oppressively stylized quality to the film that ultimately proves more wearying than exhilarating.
Mainstream audiences will be put off by the lack of a straightforward narrative, but adventurous moviegoers will find pleasure in the hypnotic originality of the images.
It's probably best to approach the Quay Brothers' dreamlike fantasy (which they call 'poetic science-fiction') with the understanding that you'll never quite know what's going on.
While The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes is a handsomely mounted production and not an unintelligent one, it's also emotionally cold and too familiar by half.
Stephen and Timothy Quay merge live-action and animation to create a tragic fantasy about a beautiful opera singer, a lovesick piano tuner and the mad scientist with plans for both of them.
That something as elusive as this gothicized, imagist romance from the curious Quay brothers should be considered their most accessible film might be considered odd. But so might they.
Brilliant in style but empty in substance.
Is 'Piano Tuner of Earthquakes' a tease of an anti-movie or, for most, an exercise in empty technique?
Snow globe visions and gnarly mouth nightmares swirl together in this darkly lyrical fantasia.
Ingenious use of colour and light, but dramatic inertia makes this an infuriating experience.
The film's poetry, playfulness and pictorial contrivances would perhaps work better in a short film, or sequence of short films. Conventional feature length somehow robs [the Quay brothers] of their lightness and digestibility.
There's much here to enjoy.
One for fans only.
It's a surreal experience, maddeningly incomprehensible and dull, but with an evocative beauty.
A finely crafted horror film with a devious storyline and hauntingly beautiful production design that together are the stuff of nightmares.

@highlight

Though visually stunning and brilliantly original, the film fails to resonate emotionally.