The coolest thing about this sequel is the use of dinosaurs.
An improvement over its massively forgettable predecessor.
When the story does get underway, the incident that sets it into motion seems thrown in%u2014precisely what you'd expect for the third installment in a series that was already tired by the second.
Scrat-astic!
I'm mystified by those who find these characters appealing.
The quality of the stories has gradually declined in each succeeding sequel since the original film was released in 2002, but the technical quality of computer animation has improved during that same time.
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs works on its own terms, as a distraction for the children and an inoffensive, if unfulfilling, time at the theater for their parents.
The manic pace quickly grows tiresome, as does the influx of cloying baby animals.
Those who complain about the feeble jokes and contrived situations should be forced to watch the first two films and defend them.
It is not the year for pre-historic comebacks.
There's not much for audiences over the age of 10 to warm to during this third, and hopefully final, Ice Age.
A baby's on the way, a new acquaintance adds to the fun/confusion, and some old friends are back.
...the dinosaurs, especially mama T-Rex rival anything you'd find in "Jurassic Park."
...never properly invites the audience into its messy world of familial trust.
The Ice Age series' creativity is clearly melting.
The most reliable laugh-getter in the past Ice Age films, the acorn-seeking Scrat, is saddled with a dull subplot in which he meets a lady Scratte.
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs alters the pattern established by the previous two films, focusing not on the herd but on action-packed, 3-D adventure.
Same cast of characters in another fun and heartwarming story - love those possums!
I can't figure out how a character as great [as Scrat] keeps ending up in movies like this.
Certainly not terrible, but ultimately forgettable and that means you should skip it.
The whole movie is more of the same and I'm afraid the franchis is running out of steam.
This third entry in the animated kiddie series appears to be more, um, fair and balanced.
if you want some jokes that aren't prehistoric, you're better off letting this Ice Age defrost.
None of the Ice Age movies have been particularly brilliant... Fortunately, Dawn of the Dinosaurs has one big advantage over its predecessors: it has dinosaurs.
The jokes don't always hit like they should, but there is a pleasant familiarity that mixes well with the sense of adventure to underscore the film's warm-n-fuzzy proclamations about the nature of family and togetherness.
Who knew... a delusional, swashbuckling, one-eyed weasel... (and) a lost world of dinosaurs would not only make another Ice Age more interesting but actually enjoyable?
Frigidly sluggish yet familiarly diverting
...you'll likely be underwhelmed by this kinetic film, which feels like the product of screenwriting software that has yet to become self-aware and develop a sense of shame.
Ice Age 3 is wittier than Kung-Fu Panda, certainly as slick as Toy Story. The Ice Age franchise shows no signs of thawing out. Come on 4!
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs needs injections of cartoon merriment and orneriness to cure the blandness afflicting the plot and characters.
...again stale sitcom stuff with lame pop culture references...
Has enough crisp sight gags, character moments, frantic mayhem and musical interludes...to box the family crowd into a state of punch-drunk love.
UP or CORALINE didn't necessarily need the 3D to make it work, it most certainly helps ICE AGE 3.
Marks Blue Sky Studios' descent into the kind of crude and suggestive humor they once left to DreamWorks.
As with the two earlier films, it's all a mite disorderly in tempo but often highly amusing and great fun in the main.
Children will probably enjoy Ice Age 3, but adults may find the script a little over-sophisticated, not to say conflicted in its attitudes towards women.
Whereas the previous chapters were sweetly anarchic, full of wisecracks and narrative digressions but also curious about eco-issues such as global warming and the extinction of species, this effort is dramatically inert and uninspired.
Ice Age series comes fully endorsed as a safe ride for all ages.
Sure, this threequel is more plasticine than Pleistocene, but as a zippy summer diversion it'll do more than nicely - in fact, it's comfortably the best of the series.
With derring-do and a bold spirit, Ice Age 3 rockets along nicely, even if character concessions are made.
Fantastic animation, lively dialogue and some terrific new characters spice up this franchise. It'll delight existing fans and probably win over some new ones too.
The Ice Age animators, who have always successfully managed to reinvent the series with each fresh instalment - expand their considerable range with this third offering.
3D heats up a cooling franchise nicely, alternating the familiar friends-forever 'aw' factor and chucklesome comedy chases with some ace in-your-face visuals.
This is the coolest film of the summer as far as family fun goes.
It's not unusual for a film like this to be full of post-modern, sarcastic dialogue, but Ice Age 3 has a sharper sabretooth than 99 per cent of its contemporaries.
It's a pacey, enjoyable yarn for the most part, but the franchise's key strength is its characters and the relationships, tired by part two, are seriously running out of steam.
Ice Age part three - a competent water-treader which use a cast of cutesy animals to disguise their lack of ambition.
The laughs are balanced with some outstanding action sequences.
Ice Age is cool and if you want to shield your kids from the sun for a while, this is one diversion they'll love.
Even the little boy in the second row, dragged along by a parent for a treat, was frozen in silence, victim of that cyclical ice age that affects audiences powerless to fend off the cryogenic effect of a sub-zero digimation romp.
It's not nearly as funny or as cute as it needs to be, but it will do as holiday entertainment for children who liked the first two and have reasonably short memories.
It isn't as fresh or as funny as the earlier Ice Age animated features but then it doesn't embarrass its predecessors either.
The trademark Loony Toon-lite slapstick undeniably compensates for a bitty, unmemorable plot that stampedes along like a mammoth through chewing gum.
Though there's not much of a story, the animation is expert and imaginative.
This is beautifully animated and stays watchable thanks to its likeable cast of characters, but it's never as funny as it should be and the 3D effects are under-used.
An hour-and-a-half feast of laughs and slapstick action that only the most jaded film snob could resist.
After a bit of a slow start the film certainly picks up the slack with a boundless sense of fun and visual energy.
Ice Age 3 has the pacing of a glacier and the warmth of one too. That's something an extra dimension just can't overcome.
The mix of knockabout humour for the kids and more sophisticated stuff for grown-ups is spot on and the major strength at the centre of it all is a witty script.
Thaw out in Jurassic Park with the fun-lovin' Ice Age gang %u2013 and throw all logic out the window.
Reminded me of the simple fun of old Bugs Bunny cartoons. And that's what Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs is able to accomplish%u2014a sense of good old fun.
The lack of real wit in this became a bit tedious.
The animation, by Fox's Blue Sky studio, still impresses, especially in the care given to the fur on the creatures; but the humour seems even more aimed at the very young than before.
And that overriding air of cuteness is a problem that seems destined to get worse in the sequels which will surely follow. Battle fatigue has definitely set in.
Look it won't do much for your children's ideas of natural history, but it's fun. It's proving quite a durable animated series.
A fun-tastic adventure that virtually guarantees enjoyment for the whole family.
Dawn of the Dinosaurs so successfully reinvigorates an already solid franchise, while simultaneously broadening the fan base, that you can already see the fourth film gathering on the horizon.
Rather than evolving, Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs treads on familiar and infertile ground.
There's a sense of ineptness in a script that constantly reaches, with only modest success, for amusing things that the mammoths and their friends can do.
Director Carlos Saldanha finally gets it right and is able to give some life to an animated concept that really should have died out with the last ice age.
There are chases and escapes, morals and messages, comedy and character... but when the fur stops flying, it still feels more frozen than fresh.
In a year that has produced the likes of Up and Coraline, Dawn of the Dinosaurs counters with nothing but energetic mediocrity...
Returning to the core basics that made the 2002 original a surprise smash, by and large this pleasing third chapter in the popular franchise hits a lot of right notes which kept me more or less amused.
This fun and exciting crowd-pleaser generates lots of laugh-out-loud moments. Kids will be able to identify with the distinct personalities of these familiar lovable characters.
Has stunning animation and manages to be mildly amusing, but it fails to entertain kids and adults simultaneously and feels mostly lazy and uninspired with insufficient laughs and thrills.
The film's story is so dry and unimaginative that it appears to have been preserved in amber from an earlier era.
It's not utterly without charm. Only here, that charm feels less earned than manufactured, a product not of evolution -- or even intelligent design -- but of cynical, soulless opportunism.
A return to form from the original Ice Age. That makes it a disappointment. The first one was okay. Ice Age: The Meltdown was pretty good, and now we're back to the original mediocrity.
It's not much more than a ride; the plot is thin, the characters aren't very engaging, and it just lacks that storytelling spark that Pixar movies have year after year.
Remember how terrific the original Ice Age movie was? That was then. This is now. Alas.
This rambunctious outing -- the third in the franchise -- is cute enough to engage kids and just smart enough to keep the chaperones entertained.
Countless escapades through logs, massive dino-rib-cages, and cracks in the frozen tundra never quite justify the movie's use of 3-D, however. The children sitting next to me in the theater jettisoned their cumbersome glasses right away.
If the third Ice Age were a bit better, there would be little need to dwell on the inconsistencies.
About as exciting as watching snow melt.
Nobody seems to be working too hard in Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs.
The third time's less of a charm and more of a thin attempt to cash in on the success of the previous installments.
With its three-dimensional action and two-dimensional feelings, Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs is warmed-over nonsense.
There are so many confusing things about the title, Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs, that your best bet is to forget it and enjoy.
Nice, sweet, safe.
The finest idiosyncratic pleasure of this franchise remains the ongoing relationship of hapless squirrel-rat Scrat to his beloved acorn.
This is true family fun. Not the two-tiered sort where there are potty jokes for the kids and pop culture references for the parents. Not only will everyone be laughing at the same time, they'll be laughing at the same things.
What follows: crude jokes, sweet lessons, Simon Pegg as an adventurer gone insane, and a bunch of decent animation, which select patrons will see in impressive 3-D. Ideally they'll be about 8 years old and hopped up on Junior Mints.
Lacking even the briefest flicker of a joke not culled from the fart-gag, pop-cultural-reference grab bag, the latest installment in Fox's most durable kiddie franchise offers unreasonably devoted parents less than usual to look forward to.
This third trip to the Ice Age cooler should delight families with its amusing new dino buddies, even as it risks terrifying tots.
Doesn't come close to the emotion, imagination or entertainment value of something like Up.
There's no breathing life into a formula that ought to have bowed out gracefully while the going was good.
Action-driven 3-D sequel is an icy treat for young kids.
This is by far the worst film in the series and the 3D is a complete waste of money.
Parental Content Review
Enough is swiped from Pixar to render this adequate kiddy fare.
A film that will amaze the under-10 crowd and keep their parents distracted (and, surprisingly often, entertained) as well.
Not bad, not good.
Serves its target audience well enough and offers a series of pleasant smiles, if not a lot of gut-busting laughs.
The movie equivalent of a B-side, a film filled with jokes, characters, and set-ups that weren't deemed interesting enough for the first two films. Don't buy the leftovers.
There's more action, more humor, and more Scrat in Ice Age #3. And, let's face it, you can never have too much Scrat.
The sweet nature of this film is engaging and the adorable characters designed by illustrator Peter de Seve make this movie both satisfying and fun.
Does there need to be an Ice Age 4? Not really. Will there be an Ice Age 4? Most likely. As long as the quality and entertainment bar never drops below this level, that's not such a bad thing.
The filmmakers are content to give viewers nothing that they haven't seen before in the previous installments and even those who enjoyed those are going to come away from this one feeling bored and disappointed.
Director Carlos Saldanha has introduced an exciting new story which, while it doesn't amaze, is an enjoyable adventure.
Will probably keep the franchise humming along profitably, despite its persistent mediocrity.
A sweet little comedy, both family-friendly and centered on a nontraditional family — and so suitable for pretty much everyone.
The 3D effect is a plus, giving volume to the routine adventure. Familiarity may breed contempt, though, and the franchise grows tired.
The third and easily most haggard entry in the disposable franchise.
A lively, lightly humorous, and appealing 3_D animated feature about an extended family of animal friends who bond even closer to each other on a rousing adventure.
Why does the third installment of this animated tale often feel so glacial it's a wonder Ray Romano's Manny the mammoth doesn't freeze in his tracks?
What? Dawn of the dinosaurs? In the Ice Age? You've got to be kidding.
There's little evidence of creativity either in the paint-by-numbers time-travelling plot or the sort of ad-libs you associate with gag writers sitting around a boardroom table.
The cast of characters for these films is already too jam-packed as it is. Yet the filmmakers find time to introduce a new one -- a crazed, one-eyed weasel named Buck.
Yes, dinosaurs are cool. Just not cool enough to save this sequel.
This is how far cartoons have descended in the last decade and a half: The Lion King was Shakespearean. Ice Age is Everybody Loves Raymondean.
I don't know if Timex or any of the major timepiece manufacturers gives out a Most Glances at Wristwatch award for movies, but if they do, this achingly monotonous cartoon has a lock on at least a nomination.
Beyond pointless.
...Sid meet Buck (voice of Simon Pegg, "Shaun of the Dead," "Star Trek"), a weasel who acts as tour guide and helps 'buck up' the flagging series.
Director Carlos Saldanha did such an excellent job infusing the second installment with energy that it's a shame he was unable to do the same with Part 3.
Even the antics of little Scrat fall flat this time. The rodent whose pursuit of an elusive nut was the highlight of the first movies are tired and strained here.
Prehistory repeats itself in this dispiritingly slothful third installment.
Kids will go crazy, as most of the humor is pitched at their level. Mom and Dad might wish they'd gone to the pool instead.
Let us thank the producers of Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs for remembering that adults sit beside the youngest viewers.
Some of the jokes work. The story seems concocted by a committee of Blackberries. But the 3D CG animation is quite an improvement from the first two films.
I never thought I'd get tired of watching Scrat, but Ice Age 3 proved me wrong.
While entertaining, this series is definitely ready for extinction.
A relaxed mood, a playful cast, and a plot that doesn't sweat itself into a pointless sense of importance, "Dawn" is mild sauce but tremendously entertaining, with an easy-peasy celebratory attitude that extends to the picture's lively 3-D visual scheme.
This is pretty silly stuff, even for a children's movie, and it sort of sells out the one original point the series used to have: Here was a prehistoric adventure that refused to go the yabba-dabbo-do route.
Most of Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs is pedestrian kiddie fare. At least the 3D helps counter the film's prevailing dullness.
The relentlessly gimmicky use of 3-D in Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs helps reduce what could have been a genial piece of slapstick into a cartoon that's not just in-your-face, but in-your-eyeballs.
Treacly and barely amusing.
Even new scenes involving the once-hilarious Scrat, the hapless critter who can't hold onto an acorn, feel worn out. That's when you know it's time to go.
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs is the best of the three films about our friends in the inter-species herd of plucky prehistoric heroes.
The animation is first-rate, and the first look at the lost world beneath the ice is stunning, particularly in 3-D.
Going to the well for the third time and adding tons more action and razor-sharp 3D, the Ice Age series proves it is far from extinct as it hits its stride with an irresistible and enormously fun third entry that earns dino-sized laughs.
Unless you're young enough to still pronounce dinosaurs 'Minothores,' you're too old for this movie.
Never representative of more than mediocrity from a technical or story-based standpoint, the Ice Age series has reached a new nadir with its third entry.
click the link for the full review
Despite the novelty of its 3D visuals and lost world setting, Dawn Of The Dinosaurs pushes the Ice Age franchise ever closer to extinction.
A most excellent adventure, built on the fun foundations of new characters and worlds which aren't just exhumed or lazily unleashed.
The 3D effects are not over-done, nor do they detract from the film. They are actually quite enjoyable.
The film has an appealing energy and is abundantly cute, although its target market may become restless and some of the sequences feel repetitive. For me, if you've seen one Ice Age you've seen them all
A slightly more adventurous story breaks the trequel curse: this film is actually better than its predecessors. In addition to astoundingly eye-catching animation, this one also has a driving (albeit corny) narrative and some snappy new characters.
Ice Age 3 is an exemplary marriage of precise, well-paced storytelling enhanced by 3D effects in an adventure-packed ride.
With appreciably greater emphasis on action than its predecessors, and clever use of 3-D trickery to enhance storytelling as well as offer spectacle, Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs could prove the third time really is the charm.
Lazy, transparent, disposable and at its worst, boring.











@highlight

Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs boasts some excellent animation -- in particular, the dinosaurs are wonderfully realized -- but its story is tired and monotonous.