Haynes struggles to connect to the story's sincere emotional core, his exquisite style and experimental tricks too often feeling like meticulous technical exercises.
As always, Haynes' painstaking film history references are deeply meaningful, speaking to the characters' desire to reach for the stars.
Sadly, the only wonder about this messy, overstuffed film, is the bewilderment of seeing so many talented people attached.
Profoundly anemic writing.
Wonderstruck feels like a serious misfire, mired in the sort of sentiment we might expect from Disney or a Nicholas Sparks adaptation rather than one of art-house cinema's favourite sons.
An enticing mystery in the early scenes, but the story's ending is weak.
The links between the stories seem tenuous and the overall enterprise feels contrived.
I enjoyed the unconventional structure, plus the unfussy approach to disability in a film that is aimed at younger audiences.
Even this visionary director can't make shots of people looking at things (books, museum exhibits) feel compelling, or pass off coincidence as drama.
The plot is so reliant on coincidences and contrivances you'll want to throw stuff at the screen.
[An] immaculate magical mystery tour through the hyper-sensitive observations of the deaf.
A charming adaptation of the Brian Selznick children's novel.
Haynes' film has lovely performances from both actors, and a keen sense of time and place help, but the story is a little too shaggy and unformed to entirely hold the attention.
It's a unique mixture of the experimental and the sentimental.
It tries to be an intellectual puzzle, but ends up being a self-indulgent humdrum mystery, that forgets to connect the dots.
Visually it's a dream, yet unlike its young, expressive leads, this experiment fails to strike a chord.
The plot unfolds like a bad Victorian novel, where the coincidence monster waits at the end of Sentimentality Lane.
This is all executed with real verve, showcasing a range of filmmaking styles and all at the service of a sweeping, even cosmic, story. Yet it also, despite the many emotions on display, feels a bit stuffy and soulless...
A thoughtful movie about children, family, and love that will stay with you long after the end credits.
Haynes' fastidious cinematic diorama of New York emerges as a tedious and self-indulgent folly.
Todd Haynes establishes a parallel narrative dissociated by half a century... [Full review in Spanish]
Relationships between people from two eras should be important in a story, but to make it a device feels like a cheat and not a very good one either.
The plot may be a little thin, but director Todd Haynes creates a rich and gorgeous film.
A set dominated by melancholy. [Full Review in Spanish]
... the cinematographic patina of the decade in which the action is set... and the sets and costumes add to the wonders of the museum. [Full review in Spanish]
Another major work of Haynes that did not find all the love it deserves... [Full review in Spanish]
... pays homage to the silent film narrative... [Full review in Spanish]
Personally, the film does not covince me, especially after that blow called Carol. [Full Review in Spanish]
Less effective as an emotional odyssey than as a brilliant formal exercise. [Full review in Spanish]
This is the only film by Haynes I didn't care for.
Todd Haynes' Wonderstruck is a childhood fable brimming with lush visuals yet too wispy to bear them.
The scenes in the museum are overextended to the point of viewer frustration.
Despite all of the eventfulness, there's little dramatic tension, and lots of footage of kids walking around a museum.
Like Rose and Ben find, with Wonderstruck, the journey is the more engaging aspect.
Everything about this film is a disappointment. It is, by far, Todd Haynes's weakest effort to date.
It's an ambitious project that misses the mark, but it certainly deserves points for creativity and attempting to defy conventions in a manner that would please both young and old.
A weakly structured plot and unfocused motifs bog Wonderstruck down from what could have been a striking exploration of childhood and the joys of discovery that come with it.
...an engaging, often exhilaratingly off-the-wall piece of work.
I'd watch a cut of Wonderstruck that was solely the black-and-white portion of the film. Simmonds is so remarkable - a movie star in the classic sense, in how much she can do with just an expression - that even the most mundane details seem compelling.
"Wonderstruck" is a cinematic delight because Haynes creates images and set pieces that carry the story along silently.
The structure is so ill-conceived that most of the final half-hour gets devoted to the characters reading handwritten notes that fill in all the plot holes.
All the pieces are in the right place-the marketing is brilliant, the cast is talented, and director Todd Haynes is a treasure. So how could something set up so perfectly be so tonally uneven?
In honor of the non-hearing community that inspires it, Wonderstruck features open-caption subtitles throughout. It's a thoughtful touch for a lovely movie whose message of family, friendship, and tolerance strikes a particular chord these days.
A Carter Burwell score nicely wraps around this slowly charming telling.
Enthralling story, weaving a cosmic web of whimsical enchantment...
...one of Haynes' most experimental films-which is saying something.
Wonderstruck is a truly wonderful film
"Wonderstruck" is a delightful, rapturous film whose love of cinema - of telling stories visually - spills out onto the screen in exciting and moving ways.
Although it struggles to become something deeper and more profound, as the title might suggest, it scores according to its modest ambitions.
The result - other than the sights and sounds, or lack thereof - is rather ordinary, leaving us feeling a few explosions and superheroes might actually have been welcome.
Wonderstruck may be more of a matinee than a full-price outing, but there's nothing wrong with a good matinee.
What was magic on the page comes off as overly opportunistic on the screen, the sort of wish fulfillment that works in a fairy tale but seems silly in a story set in a recognizable real world.
Aims for whimsical, but lands well short of its goal.
What makes Wonderstruck so magical, so deserving of its title, is how Haynes keys into its young characters' view of the world. Through Rose and Ben, the movie shows us familiar things like New York City in ways fresh and fantastic.
There is a gentleness that permeates the film, which keeps Wonderstruck from sliding into sentimentality; all of the young actors handle the responsibility of grounding the narrative admirably.
If there's any justice in the world of cinema, Wonderstruck will prove the type of unexpected, unhyped film for young adults that becomes a generational touchstone.
Wonderstruck is one of those movies that comes around maybe once a year, if we're lucky, which so exceeds my poor powers of description that I'm compelled to ask you to just go and see it without reading anything I have to say about it.
Thankfully, skilled direction and a knockout performance from newcomer Millicent Simmonds save Wonderstruck from being yet another forgettable YA adaptation.
Those who are merely looking for a flick that goes well with popcorn may be bored, but true cinema buffs will be in heaven.
Haynes and his talented young actors capture the overwhelming joy that can come from discovering the secrets of the world.
A charming, magical story, full of simple surprises and innocent beauty.
Wonderstruck is a shining addition...
Slow, dawdling even, but magical.
With its daring, audacious spirit, coupled with elegantly shaped themes and aesthetics, it will strike you with wonder.
Wonderstruck is an atypical cinematic experience, a refreshingly engaging one.
The idea that distant heavens lend awesome perspective to the shocking meagerness of our lives certainly carries weight, but in Wonderstruck the message can be more stated than felt. Enchantment is only half achieved.
... the constant cutting back and forth for two hours grows tiresome, and there's nothing in the script to match the wonder of what's on-screen.
This is a film to cherish, and it's one of the best movies about New York I've seen.
Wonderstruck doesn't pretend like it can lift us out of the gutter, but at least for a little while, it can point our gaze at something more beautiful.
The longing for interpersonal connection, which is so central to Wonderstruck, reverberates throughout Haynes's work.
Affonso Goncalves' editing at times resembles that of an old movie serial, as he cuts from one story to another just as a big revelation - that will advance each story - is forthcoming.
It's a swelling, patient picture, filled with reverence, melancholy refinements and joyful bouts of celebrations, and even if it doesn't touch upon greatness, it is so insistently good, and good-hearted.
Wonderstruck is a thing to behold, even if it seems at times that the parts don't quite add up to the whole. Screw math: Sometimes the sum total isn't the totality.
Wonderstruck's finale finds [Todd] Haynes in top form, depicting loss, memories, and hope in a way I don't think I've ever seen before.
I wanted to love this movie about young people lost and found in Manhattan in two different eras; I wanted to explore it, just like the more modern of its children pores over a mysterious book he's found. But, it turns out, there's nothing to discover.
A visually rapturous puzzle without very many pieces.
A sweet, gentle story of two children connecting across time.
Haynes struggles to connect all the dots. Wonderstruck reaches for the stars and falls short.
Wonderstruck is a goldmine of emotional purity, its cabinet of wonders one I cannot wait to open again as soon as I can.
While cinematically rich with breath-taking production design for two distinct time periods, the title turns out to be misleading.
While the younger audience may not come to it in the droves that it might have inspired if the Disney name had been behind it, it's quite likely that those who do get to see it will not only adore it but will one day pass it on to their own children.
If you can surrender yourself to the movie's charms, there are rewards to be found in this cinematic cabinet of wonders.
It's the sort of poetic conceit that needs a filmmaker far more rapt and intuitive than Haynes, whose jeweler's precision keeps everything at an emotional remove.
Wonderstruck feels like an old-fashioned movie with story values from another time. It talks to the audience straight up and treats viewers, young and old, as if they were intelligent beings.
Here, finally, is a children's film for real children, a sincere and humane work that is absent any franchise concerns or daydreams of ancillary product.
[T]he beauty of director Todd Haynes' film is in its intangible connections.
There's a layer of feeling running through the picture that builds as the narrative unfolds, and when everything falls into place it's almost overwhelming.
The intersection point of the children's respective time lines is predictable and slow to arrive, but the movie is handsomely mounted like all of Haynes's work.
It takes some patience, but eventually "Wonderstruck" delivers real awe.
There's hardly a moment here that isn't gorgeously framed, and Haynes seems to take particular pleasure in meticulously re-creating the Manhattan street scenes of two such distinctive decades.
Wonderstruck is a smart and interesting and well-acted film. We're just never really struck with ... wonder.
Wonderstruck, for all of it's child-in-danger plotting, has a warmth that points (along with the title) to a safe and sentimental conclusion.
Cinematic artistry of a high order...This deliciously artificial, intricate tale of lives intersecting in surprising ways will leave most viewers moved and delighted.
Haynes has always favored a quietude in his movies, and he's extremely well-suited to this material. It's a fairy tale full of earned sentiment.
Gradually it begins to dawn that the movie's beauty is in itself an attempt to distract from the film's basic barrenness.
If you're the right impressionable age - 9 or 10 or 11 - "Wonderstruck" may possibly strike you as the best movie ever made.
Wonderstruck is an evocative movie with a vaguely disappointing narrative that, although it reaches a conclusion, doesn't justify the patience viewers must exhibit to reach that point.
Wonderstruck is successful only from the narrowest of perspectives.
overly simplistic, an obvious and sentimental tale whose greatest assets are Carter Burwell's score, used in the silent black and white 1927 setting until the stories merge, and Mark Friedberg's production design celebrating museum and book curation.
Wonderstruck delivers on every element of story, craftsmanship, and talent...weaving an intricate showcase that is sure to satisfy.
"Wonderstruck" fails to convince, so intent is Haynes on banishing loose ends and slotting each coincidence into place. The result is itself a kind of diorama: exquisitely detailed, assembled with infinite care, but lacking the breath of life.
Movies are above all experiences. Every good director knows that, but Wonderstruck is a movie by the rare filmmaker gifted enough to show it.
Fans of the book will have little to complain about.
Like "Far from Heaven," it's a great movie about movies, and about other things as well.
Ben's and Rose's stories aren't as enchanting as one wants them to be, and cutting back and forth between the two timelines gets clunky.
Wonderstruck strikes a curious emotional tone, alternating between suspense and quiet wistfulness, with sudden surges of operatic intensity as the two timelines begin to connect.
It's the work of a filmmaker who understands how to convey the magical possibilities of this art form - the rich interplay of light and shadows, the metaphysical nature of the world of dreams and cosmic connections.
Despite what the title suggests, Wonderstruck represents a rare disappointment from master filmmaker Todd Haynes.
Thoughtful, arty take on excellent Selznick novel.
Flawed as it is, like any of [Todd] Haynes' films it soars into a weird empyrean nobody but he can reach.
It's a sweet story about tough little folks determined to find what they need in the magical art all around them.
In this role, 14-year-old [Millicent] Simmonds is striking a small victory for deaf women who have gone too long without seeing themselves and their stories told on a big screen.
In its quieter moments, Wonderstruck occasionally approaches the transcendent, sublime quality Haynes is aiming for-but those times are frustratingly few and far between.
It's a beautifully crafted story about love and acceptance and the powers of child-like curiosity.
It's always discouraging when I don't care for a film that was clearly a labor of love for the talented people involved. I was anticipating an emotional and immersive experience and didn't get it.
Wonderstruck offers much to occupy the eyes and minds of movie buffs and Haynes fans. Yet there's little room left for insight and emotion in this overstuffed cabinet of curiosities.
Perhaps out of excessive loyalty to author Brian Selznick instead of his own creative instincts, director Todd Haynes creates an extraordinary film that adds up to less than the sum of its parts. But, oh, it gives a lovely light.
Wonderstruck is full of ache and of loss, and each stings just a little differently.
Like Hugo, it's a children's book for grown-up movie lovers...
Haynes folds in so many eras and visual styles, it's hard not to be dazzled - and why should you resist? - even if, as usual, he keeps your emotions at arm's length.
"I need you to be patient with this story," a key character says to young Ben, and it's good advice for those of us in the audience as well.
Wonderstruck may not reach the same emotional heights as some of Todd Haynes' previous work, yet the film is still a magical achievement.
Even as he follows Mr. Selznick's narrative lead, Mr. Haynes quietly and touchingly makes "Wonderstruck" his own because the wonder of the film isn't in its story but in its telling.
The only truly amazing thing about Carol director Todd Haynes' children's fable is its wholesale lack of authentic humanity.
It feels a little like a very expensive and ornate frame - without a picture in the middle.
There are few directors better than Haynes at adopting varied voices and vernaculars and then blending them to create something intoxicating and new.
For a kid in this age of digital devices and content disconnected from experience, Wonderstruck could be its own sort of treasure.
Wonderstruck works best as half of a great silent film and, with Simmonds, the showcase of a star being born.
Yes, there's a sweet payoff. But "Wonderstruck" tries one's patience.
If there is one work that will almost certainly be understood as Haynes' biggest disappointment, it's going to be Wonderstruck.
"Wonderstruck" is Haynes' most conventional picture
What is it about Brian Selznick's ornate illustrated fictions that leads good directors to make their worst films?
Wonderstruck is a beautiful film from its opening frame right to its last, and it takes you on a powerful, emotional story between them.
The tech efforts overshadow the film's tiny premise...
Wonderstruck is probably the biggest disappointment in Todd Haynes' entire career. How one can go from the masterpiece that was Carol or any of his other films to this is mindboggling.
For all its lovely locations, neat parallels, and winsome performances, it feels lightweight. It feels like kids' stuff.
You can easily be drawn into its magic, as it exquisitely draws up your cinematic mind with class and refinement. Sublime and subtle, "Wonderstruck" is a dazzling movement.
The film is a paean to the 20th century's moving image as well the invisible, Oz-like figure of the collector-as-curator.
The story has a lot of mystery to keep the viewer interested while film aficionados will surely appreciate Haynes' superb direction and Edward Lachman's remarkable visuals.
I liked Wonderstruck a lot because it gave me a sense of hiraeth.
A thoroughly self-aware object, full of unexpected marvels one might not consider for eternal display, Todd Haynes's Wonderstruck, is a thoroughly self-aware object, full of unexpected marvels, and which takes both museums and film itself as its subjects.
I cannot call this a bad movie, but one that I'd definitely define as a minor Todd Haynes' film.
Haynes ... puts a kid-friendly spin on his usual themes of isolation and frustrated longing in "Wonderstruck," an ingenious and often captivating adaptation of Brian Selznick's 2011 children's novel.
Haynes lends the film an air of childish magic and Carter Burwell's magnificent front-and-centre score adds energy and character.
This is an intricate, high-reaching piece of film-making, and there are places where the mechanics don't run as smoothly as they should. But the film's beauty runs so deep, it doesn't matter.
Wonderstruck tries to strike a balance between sweetness and drama, yet feels very much like a film that fails at living up to its name.
[Wonderstruck] is a blend of the graceful and the garish that reaches for magic but ends up more of a cabinet of curiosities than one of wonder.
Wonderstruck has its grace notes but there aren't quite enough of them.
While Carol's power was built on incremental emotional development, Wonderstruck stacks the deck so that it lives or dies by revelations in the last 15 minutes.
Undoubtedly, Wonderstruck is well filmed, but the sweetened and is the exact opposite record to that of Zvyagintsev. [Full review in Spanish]
Haynes applies his powerful aesthetic sense, an exquisite setting and abusive music to tell two parallel stories. [Full review in Spanish]
An optimistic moral that allows us to look at the world with other eyes. [Full review in Spanish]
Wonderstruck ratifies Haynes as a director who believes in the evocative power and beauty of cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
Confusing and unable to find the right tone, navigating between two stories as erratically as disappointing. [Full review in Spanish]
Wonderstruck is a film of beauty and unparalleled detail, without a blunt narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
Wonderstruck doesn't look anything like what Haynes has given us over the years and I say this as a flaw. [Full review in Spanish]
The end result is a real wonder that is sometimes too wonderful. [Full review in Spanish]
The audacity and difficulty of the structure seem almost an incentive in the hands of this great creator of forms and narrative models that is Todd Haynes. [Full review in Spanish]
Its first hour is an authentic symphony, with hardly any dialogue, where the sense of wonder seems inexhaustible. [Full review in Spanish]
Haynes' cabinet of wonders is exquisitely carved, inlaid and varnished, but it has precious little inside.
The meticulousness of Todd Haynes's execution overburdens his work's conceptually exhilarating sense of wonder.
A delicately crafted film that continually references the process of turning the written word into elegant visuals and vice versa.
While the story of stars aligning and destinies repeating themselves and overlapping is appealing, in this story they align a little too neatly, leaving you less wonderstruck and more dumbfounded as to the story's credibility.
Gorgeous, moving, and innovatively told, it may even be too smart for some adults. Kids will get it just fine, though.
Carter Burwell's utterly captivating, wholly necessary score. It's the true star of Wonderstruck, a strange and varied piece of work, swells of orchestral strings giving way to electric guitar, alternately soaring and lilting.
In attempting to manipulate the audience as he manipulates his characters, Haynes overdoes it. By the end, I believed in everything except the story.
Todd Haynes's glorious celebration of a boy's own and a girl's own adventure really does leave you wonderstruck -- and in my case, weeping discreetly during the final scenes.
Not surprisingly, Haynes encourages his adolescent actors to give unfussy performances.
A soul-stirring and fiercely uncynical film.
Skilfully crafted by director Todd Haynes, this is a film of many beautiful parts rather than a cohesive whole.
This is a film-maker revisiting childhood with great glee and mixed results.
Todd Haynes has made a lovely wish-fulfillment movie, and you do not have to believe it, to be struck by wonder.
Judged just on craftsmanship, Wonderstruck earns its title.
The film's finest sequences reach for the skies, achieving something like a Haynes-Spielberg alchemy in their consoling tenderness.
For the first time in memory, Haynes is working with a story whose plot outweighs its concept, as lovely as that concept often is.
With Haynes' deft eye Wonderstruck feels like you're looking out your own window into another time.
Cinema is fundamentally a visual art, and silence is golden in Todd Haynes' Wonderstruck - but also a little drab.
A touchy-feely cabinet of wonders which occasionally enraptures but also drags.
While some might question the key role that serendipity plays in this story, more will respond to the immaculate period work, the engaged approach to disability and the gradual swell of emotion which builds to a belter of a tear jerking climax.
t abounds with moments to cherish. But it doesn't quite earn the emotional payoff that it conspicuously seeks.
Disappointmentstruck and even rather boredomstruck are reasonable descriptions of my emotional state, having sat through this contrived, self-conscious and twee YA fantasy from director Todd Haynes.
Alive with the magic of pictures and the mysteries of silence, this is an uncommonly grownup film about children, communication, connection and memory.
An ambitious doohickey impersonating a work of art.

@highlight

Wonderstruck 's efforts to juggle timelines and tonal shifts aren't always smooth, but the end result still adds up to an emotional journey whose visual thrills live up to its title.