Blood Ties, despite pumping out some exhilarating action sequences, ends up becoming a cliché-ridden work.
Canet delivers a character-centered thriller that doesn't break so much as an inch of new ground.
Everything is in place to have created a truly sensational piece of cinema, and yet you can't help feeling somewhat cold towards this film, despite the memorable, impactful finale.
While the story centres on twisted moral dilemmas, this 1970s-set thriller takes such a hesitant, internalised approach that if never lets viewers under the characters' skin.
The film is too sprawling and unfocused to deliver real emotional clout, but there are are some gripping stand-offs along the way.
In its lesser moments, the film is overwrought and derivative but, at its best, it has a real flavour of Friedkin, Coppola and Scorsese.
It starts out feeling like too many stars in search of a story, but Owen excels as a charismatic brute, and the tautly handled set pieces drag you back in for a solid payoff.
As much a family drama as a crime thriller, Blood Ties is character-driven, so sparing in terms of action, although the regular eruptions of violence pack a genuine punch.
Blood Ties is the kind of film that Martin Scorsese or Sidney Lumet might have made back in the 1970s.
A cunningly chosen soundtrack featuring the likes of Ace Frehley, Al Wilson and the Isley Brothers attempts to paper over the cracks withcool, but it's not convincing.
Not quite an unimaginative crime film, not quite something better.
Blood Ties has a heart of plastic. Yet there's a sturdiness to the script, and the performances are real enough to crackle.
If you hear an unearthly sound during Blood Ties, it might be Sidney Lumet's ghost attempting to contact his lawyer.
There are scenes, moments and performances that all burn brightly but the sprawling Blood Ties never quite lets rip, or manages to connect up all these promising dots.
Canet's sprawling saga is overlong and overfamiliar.
Canet, who showed his aptitude with the gripping Tell No One, can't bring this dull period piece to life.
Wade through all the flares and flare-ups and you'll be rewarded: the ending is absolutely killer.
feels like an over-adapted novel
A familiar crime yarn of strained familial bonds, but it manages to find an emotional truth and urgency in between the editorial streamlining of its various story threads.
If you want a good film that covers similar ground, just revisit Gray's We Own the Night instead.
more of a slow-burn familial drama, although its plot, which revolves around two brothers living on opposite sides of the law, presents plenty of opportunity for gunshots and squealing tires.
Seems to be the continuation of a narrative that only exists in its characters' heads.
Reaches for an epic sweep of criminal desires and tortured decisions, and while it doesn't quite achieve everything it sets out to do, the basics are handled with care by Canet, who has a clear affinity for the actors and the era.
Visually a throwback to the era of Sidney Lumet's NYC crime dramas of the 1970s, the slow-moving Blood Ties features fine performances from Clive Owen and Billy Crudup, but wastes Marion Cotillard, Zoe Saldana, and Mila Kunis.
Blood Ties, a long-reaching crime epic, possesses all the earmarks of a mellowed-out Scorsese, complete with its bracing, grimy aesthetic, slowed down pace, gentle meting of information, and occasional explosions of extreme violence.
Some excellent performances - by Clive Owen and Billy Crudup - can't disguise the fact that there's absolutely nothing here we haven't seen too many times before.
I share Canet's affection for Sidney Lumet films full of scraggly sideburns and big brown Fleetwoods the size of the QE2. But if you really appreciated those movies, you'd use your memories of them to jumpstart something new.
If you're an ardent admirer of pretty much anyone in the cast (OK, except Emmerich), you'll find something worthwhile here.
The performers carry on - Owen is particularly good - but this bird doesn't fly.
An ambitious, if disappointing, period crime drama featuring Clive Owen and Billy Crudup as warring brothers on opposite sides of the law.
[A] his laborious, tonally wobbly attempt at an American crime epic.
This is a deeply flawed, easy-to-write-off movie. But one day in the future it might even be viewed as very good.
Intriguing performances, and a sense of '70s American cinema that seems to have been preserved in a lava lamp.
Jame Gray and the ghost of Sidney Lumet are just along for the ride, adding a grimy layer of old-school New York scuzz to a film that's too overstuffed, fractured, and redolent with cliché to every compellingly hang together.
Canet fills the screen with wonderful performances by a terrific cast and keeps the pace and tension on a high level compensating for the over 2 hour length, shocking violence, and dark and depressing story.
It all feels so familiar, from the beleaguered female characters, to the scene-setting anthems ("New York Groove" is well-used, admittedly), to the predictable eruptions of violence.
Likeable cast can't salvage this adaptation of a French thriller.
There's a lot of sizzle with this steak, but it can't hide the fact that this particular hunk of meat has been chewed a hundred times before.
Fine actors are let down by a comatose script and wayward direction in this retro crime drama.
Blood Ties comes off as a weird, misshapen version of a '70s-style thriller-almost as if it's lacking contemporary examples to follow.
Instead of building to a climax, it simply rolls to a stop.
The film exhibits strong character interplay and resides in an unconventional milieu, in effect turning rote material into something that feels decidedly eccentric.
"Blood Ties" not only convincingly recreates its era, it seems like it could have been made then.
Over the top and over-familiar criminals and cops thriller. And it's a period piece...why, exactly?
There's a heft to the proceedings that keeps us invested even when the story's various strands start to unravel.
There's ultimately no denying that Blood Ties, despite Canet's epic, Scorsese-like sensibilities, just isn't as affecting (or effective) as one might've hoped...
A great, exceedingly well-cast, throwback to seventies cinema. Clive Owen's best part since CHILDREN OF MEN.
The busload-full of skilled actors Canet has brought with him damn-near ensures a compelling sit, even if the film's ponderous pacing and resulting length do detract somewhat from its finer qualities.
Blood Ties is a curious film where if you were to remove any of the crucial parts, it would splinter, yet put all together, it kind of works, in its own wildly uneven way.
A sluggish, dramatically undernourished saga.
Blood Ties is too sprawling, its fractured narrative cut far too many ways for the film to succeed.
This overlong and anemic drama features an impressive cast but is too inert to catch on with critics or audiences.
Blood Ties, in the guise of a crime thriller, creates a panorama of broken lives trying to put themselves back together.
I'm not convinced that this hoary, hackneyed old cop-opera is entirely to be trusted ... although it is served with such relish that the fun proves infectious.

@highlight

Blood Ties boasts a fine cast and palpable period detail, but ultimately fails to do much of anything new with its formulaic story.