Last Witch Hunter is basically nonstop fun, with a fast pace and a total willingness to laugh at itself. And not only is there nothing wrong with that, there's everything right with it.
The Last Witch Hunter might be the worst video game adaptation not actually based on a video game
I was cursed with having to watch this buttock-numbing twaddle, through which you spend most of the time wondering which is worse -- the truly appalling script or the dreadful supporting performances.
A movie like this really needs a more charming lead that can play the badness for laughs, like Bruce Campbell, but instead we're stuck watching Vin Diesel take his weekend LARP tournament very, very seriously.
A bunch of bizarre-for-the-sake-of-being-imaginative stuff happens in The Last Witch Hunter, much of it making little sense, and some of it that probably made sense but I hadn't the energy to figure it out.
Although it's doubtful that The Last Witch Hunter will become a cult favorite like The Chronicles of Riddick, it's still a fairly enjoyable way to spend 98 minutes.
Diesel is definitely not the kind of actor who can effortlessly coast through a film by dint of his rakish wit and charm. He needs a vehicle (ahem) that plays to his strengths. The Last Witch Hunter is definitely not such a vehicle.
Even the considerable talents of Elijah Wood and Michael Caine cannot make this any more than another flick in which biceps give black magic a beatdown.
The film's world-building suffers from too much ambiguity in the characters' motives and history (presumably saving them for a possible sequel), and the intricacies of the world are glossed over, making it all feel lifeless and fabricated.
The often incoherent and repetitive plot doesn't have enough thrilling action to redeem its other shortcomings.
Not that you should be surprised by the cliché-riddled dialogue in this tiresome fantasy film - a world of spells, incantations, necromancers and meaningless mumbo-jumbo meant to pass as exotic.
It may not be a good film, but it's made -- or at least, acted -- with a bizarre affection that goes a long way toward being endearing.
Picture Harry Potter for Emo kids. No wonder there's already a sequel in the works. Brood on, Vin.
Exposition, backstory, and action-dialogue cliché are all tossed into the pot and stirred up real bad. A hocus-pocus hodge-podge of balderdash and humbuggery. The only smells wafting from this cauldron are the odour of silliness and stench of stupidity.
The greatest disappointment of all is that the ending promises an unfortunate sequel. That comes off like a threat.
The Last Witch Hunter has some great production design and digital effects, but the movie directed by Breck Eisner is an interminable bore, which foolishly places the weight of the film on Vin Diesel's broad shoulders.
A yarn that is just entertaining enough for you to walk out of the theater satisfied, but not enough to have you begging for more.
The special effects are poorly designed and the laughs are readily found, though probably not intentionally
Vin Diesel makes a bid for yet another franchise with a supernatural action romp that's both deeply ridiculous and enjoyably entertaining.
Ho-hum, except that it's all set up for a sequel, and I wouldn't bet against it. Vin Diesel is a hard man to kill.
An abortion, and one we can blame on the success of the dimwitted "Fast and Furious" hits.
This is all too bland, too serious. The characters needed a significant injection of charisma.
It is terrible. It is fabulously entertaining.
It's not even a letdown because you could see from the start it was going to fail. [Full review in Spanish]
Vin Diesel delivers on his leading man role in this action packed film. [Full review in Spanish]
The plot is a bewildering blunder, expecting you to jump right into it even though you're never sure you understand the story's progression.
... Essentially consists of everyone involved hoping this is successful enough to make sequels.
Not only has Diesel plopped the mantle of Cage on his shoulders, he seems to have borrowed one of Cage's justly celebrated hairpieces.
If you're willing to put the faults in the script aside, you'll have an entertaining movie with good action sequences and humor. [Full review in Spanish]
As one random and chaotic supernatural brawl follows another, the decision to keep the lead villain on the sidelines becomes increasingly puzzling. Why make a movie about a witch hunter without a memorable evil witch?
Well manufactured but no strokes of genius here, the best thing of it is that Vin Diesel and Micahel Cane are in it. [Full review in Spanish]
[A] honking heap of humourless hokum.
Maybe the flaws are proof that audiences are, we can hope, becoming better at sniffing out a fizzer and refusing to encourage mediocrity.
...for those looking for something slick and supernatural and just a bit goofy, it's an enjoyable treat with a few tricks up its sleeve.
Elijah Wood, Rose Leslie, Michael Caine and Diesel are all wasted -- and so is our time.
An all-but-incomprehensible supernatural action mish-mash in which Vin Diesel plays an immortal modern-day witch hunter... A passable time killer that will lose nothing once it hits the vending machines.
The Last Witch Hunter has no idea what its promise is -- and thus totally fails to live up to it.
A predictable and failed attempt to create a new franchise for Vin Diesel. [Full review in Spanish]
This movie is a waste of time, not even the special effects save it. [Full review in Spanish]
Like that other witch hunter movie, "Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters," this is a film that is completely looney tunes, and it only half knows it.
This is a $70 million movie with A-list stars who really should have known better and fails to deliver much more than the odd bit of interesting monster design and frequently unintentionally hilarious dialogue.
Devoid of much fun, and therefore pointless.
This mad (yet never quite maddening) experience actually goes quite OK.
On paper, this sounds like ridiculous and fun. Perhaps it should have remained on paper.
The Last Witch Hunter starts off with traces of sly humour, but gradually collapses into a unwieldy combination of special effects confrontations and ponderous exposition.
Does it work? Yes, mostly because of Diesel and Leslie, who clearly love this kind of loony fun.
A cavalcade of weird and pixels.
Tries with all its might to be no fun whatsoever.
Unfortunately, a film needs more than Diesel's Stallone-ish appeal to succeed and that's where The Last Witch Hunter is found lacking.
I was hoping for a kind of modern day Highlander. Alas, it's closer to a modern day Warlock, the 1989 turkey with Julian Sands.
Most will find this a rather too brassy affair, handicapped by incontinent plotting. But there are probably just enough references to shape shifters, dream walkers and secret brotherhoods to keep the geeks happy.
It's hokey as hell, but The Crazies director Breck Eisner plays it like a video game and keeps the teen fan-boy market onside by ensuring that you can't throw a rune stone without hitting a member of the LOTR/Game of Thrones/Dark Knight cast.
It even fails to enter the so-bad-its-good club.
An adequate straight-to-video time waster that seems to have accidentally been given a blockbuster budget and A-list stars.
A ridiculous fantasy with some imaginative world-building but muddled and uninspiring action.
Dazzling visuals and fun supernatural brawls can't save The Last Witch Hunter from a cliché plot and uneven Vin Diesel performance.
Yes, it's as preposterous as it sounds -- possibly even more so -- but the rampant hooey is kept stylish and relatively fleet-footed by director Breck Eisner.
And so we are disappointed, not because "The Last Witch Hunter" is bad (we sort of expected that), but because it's not even the enjoyable kind of bad.
The Last Witch Hunter is so drenched in CGI effects, it looks as if it's been dunked in a vat of lacquer.
A feature film that feels like a longish TV pilot.
The Last Witch Hunter is an unwieldy mishmash, pitched between sword-and-sorcery epic and modern-day action movie.
If The Last Witch Hunter was an artifact of the 1970s, it would be a bona fide cult classic among certain segments of horror fanatics.
[Diesel] has been a dab hand with hit points and 20-sided dice since the Eighties... This, sadly, has convinced the 48-year-old that it was OK to produce The Last Witch Hunter.
The Last Witch Hunter isn't really scary or exciting or engaging. It's not quite bad, but it isn't good either.
When did Vin Diesel start making Nic Cage movies?
Watching The Last Witch Hunter is like sitting by while someone else plays a game whose coolness eludes us.
[T]he basic skeleton of the story is at obvious odds with itself and not all of the charismatic actors in the world will keep the outcome from feeling like it lasts forever.
Decidedly cheesy, and let down by disappointing action sequences, a script that's full of half-baked ideas, and an over-reliance on CGI-heavy effects.
One of those flicks that if I wasn't called upon to take extensive notes on it for Screen It, I might very well have nodded off. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
It's as dumb and bad as it sounds.
Diesel centres the magical mischief with his winning muscular charm, while priestly advisor Michael Caine adds a welcome touch of charismatic class.
The CGI becomes oppressive, and the story leaks energy like a gut-stuck peasant.
Seemingly at every juncture, the finality so necessary to up the stakes of this story is quickly snatched away in order to tease a sequel or two, leaving you wondering what the point of this supernatural exercise was in the first place.
This sounds like trashy fun, but it's not.
Despite the presence of a cathedral among the settings and a couple of priests in the cast, this hapless disaster doesn't have a prayer of getting past a first installment.
A witch would have to cast a spell over me to make me sit through this big, dumb, dull, dud again.
One of those artlessly restless, exposition-dialogue fantasy-action slogs ...
Eventually, it lumbers to an entirely predictable conclusion but never manages a feat of black magic that would convert it from ham-fisted clunker to guilty pleasure.
On the whole this is dismal fare ...
The special effects are noteworthy and then of course, there are Vin Diesel's heroics.
'The Last Witch Hunter' has a promising occult plot and great visual effects, but is derailed by poor acting and disjointed action scenes.
Surprising Vin Diesel vehicle: first, for the initial switcheroo from supernatural action-adventure to supernatural whodunit; second, for a sturdily built storyline; third, for a somewhat lively and lighthearted turn from its often somnolent star.
A smorgasbord of empty calories, the Vin Diesel vehicle "The Last Witch Hunter," for all its overstuffed visuals, leaves you hungry. But not for more.
[A] dismal and dull film ...
The dependable Diesel and a fine cast keep this hokey action flick mostly entertaining.
In need of a major tonal and aesthetic makeover, The Last Witch Hunter is as bland as bland can be.
Some action heroes take themselves too seriously, or think they're making popcorn fun when they're really filleting us with endless rounds of ammunition. Not Diesel ...
Even with Diesel's oblivious self-miscasting - he's a producer on the film - "Witch Hunter" feels like genre material that might have found a way to work.
The Last Witch Hunter manages to be both overly complicated and painfully predictable at the same time.
I say from some experience that there's a lot to recommend in a good ol' game of Dungeons and Dragons, especially if you have a little imagination. There's absolutely no reason to sit down and watch someone else do it, though.
It is not even bad enough to be good camp comedy.
The screenplay by a trio of writers is muddled and goofy and riddled with clichés.
The special effects are pretty neat, and the filmmakers utilize them smartly, delivering imaginative set pieces that are more visually compelling than the usual series of digital explosions.
It's titled "The Last Witch Hunter" for goodness' sake. Fantasy fearlessness shouldn't be this boring.
offers nothing of value
This PG-13 movie has been made for 12-year-olds who prefer frenetic action sequences to genuine emotions and real romance in a game-inspired fantasy heavy on dungeons, light on the dragons.
Vin Diesel may not run smoothly, but he runs with purpose and conviction, and any line of dialogue processed through him comes out sounding like he believes it, even the sentimental ones.
Director Eisner helmed the excellent remake of George R. Romero's The Crazies back in 2010, but this film shows none of the lunatic flair for the ghastly that the previous film so easily served up.
The only thing The Last Witch Hunter will successfully eradicate is insomnia.
The movie left me amazed - amazed that Nicolas Cage wasn't in it.
Diesel is comfortably watchable as the unstoppable immortal (when not chewing on hand-me-down Wookiee chin fuzz) but even his rumbling charms can't save this, nor justify its sequel-bait sign off.
The special-effects-laden fight scenes are ho-hum, incoherent and badly lit. It's often hard to tell what some warlock or scorpion-like beast is doing and to whom.
The Last Witch Hunter remains inexplicably mundane and monotonous throughout, even when Vin Diesel swings a flaming broadsword at his supernatural nemesis, which should say something about how utterly devoid of cinematic magic it really is.
You ... have to swallow a by-the-numbers plot buried under an avalanche of fast-and-furious but underwhelming CGI effects.
The Last Witch Hunter ends up crumbling into another generic showdown of murky fantasy effects and snatched artifacts, with a final shot that is literally framed around a door to possible sequels.
...no matter how hard he's tried, Vin Diesel continues to struggle in movies where he's required to do more than drive a car as fast as he can.
The film has all the building blocks to be a great fantasy ride, and Diesel is clearly enthused to be a part of it. As it turns out, though, passion isn't everything.
This playful endeavour is undoubtedly an entertaining one, but is too stony-faced in parts, which is to the film's detriment.
There are very few action stars who can convincingly mansplain their way through a scene where mystic rune stones that control the elements are used to stop and start a thunderstorm, and Diesel is on that very short list.
It's the kind of roller-coaster Hollywood churns out seemingly in its sleep, oversaturated with effects shots and plot implausibilities. Ten minutes after you've seen it, you'll have forgotten all about it.
To work through the many layers of exposition that The Last Witch Hunter unloads would take longer than this review has to get to why the film isn't very good.
This one's dead in the water.
The Last Witch Hunter delivers a lackluster fantasy plot and bland, one-note characters.
Imagine a parallel universe where Harry Potter got pumped up on steroids and you'll have an idea of what to expect from The Last Witch Hunter.
stumbles out of the gate, falls, and never rights itself. For the Halloween offering that its studio hoped it would be, it's all trick and no treat.
It has enough ingredients for a reasonably entertaining fantasy adventure--except, that is, for an interesting lead character with an emotionally compelling hook.
If this were Law & Order: Black Magic, which it almost seems like it wants to be, it'd be a helluva lot more interesting than it is.
Fans of Game of Thrones will love this because it's like all of the silly parts without any of the rigorous thinking.
"The Last Witch Hunter" aims for pulpy, comic-book fun, but it's never as fleet, funny, or detailed as it needs to be. If you're looking for something above middling in terms of plot, characters, [or] world-building, you'll need to seek it elsewhere.
Vin Diesel proves he can't tell the difference between good and bad movies.
What The Last Witch Hunter really has going for it is Vin Diesel. His character isn't particularly layered and he takes few to no risks with how he plays it, but the result is extremely likeable.
It's a shame that the original concept is so bad it doesn't even warrant polite applause.
It isn't based on a book series. But it feels like it is. And perhaps it should be.
Fast and furious on the surface, shallow and conventional beneath, Diesel's bid to carve himself another billion-dollar franchise is off to a good start with this mainstream crowd-pleaser.
Diesel fails to convince in his role. His delivery is mostly flat and rarely do any of the one-liners hit their mark. It's a story of sorcery seriously lacking in cinematic magic.
What an ugly, idiotic mess this is.
Like its star, The Last Witch Hunter is big, overblown and frequently incomprehensible.
Too drab to succeed even as defiantly unvirtuous trash ... stifles Diesel's rough-hewn charisma via a sludgy, impermeable oil spill of CGI effects - in the service of largely unspectacular hocus pocus.

@highlight

Grim, plodding, and an overall ill fit for Vin Diesel's particular charms, The Last Witch Hunter will bore and/or confuse all but the least demanding action-fantasy fans.