Roger Stone is a very charismatic character... [Full review in Spanish]
If someone wants to understand what the concepts "dirty campaign... or "junk politics" really mean, Get Me Roger Stone provides several blunt clues and answers. [Full review in Spanish]
Succeeds in chronicling the transformation of American conservatism throughout the years since the arrival of Stone's generation.
You get the sense that Stone recruited these guys to help him pitch a package to general audiences.
An immersive journey to Trump's presidential campaign portraying Roger Stone, a figure without a paragon in Washington. [Full review in Spanish]
A frightening and fascinating story. It's the realization that politics is a fine art of deception where the last thing that matters is the public good. [Full review in Spanish]
It is illuminating, if unedifying, viewing.
Edited with brisk energy, Get Me Roger Stone is a good example of a certain kind of documentary - one that will appeal to opposing sides.
The single most useful insight of Get Me Roger Stone is that men like Stone are driven not so much by ideology as by an overweening thirst for power and celebrity, propelled by absolute antipathy for their enemies.
An important film that will change nothing.
To win the rounds to come, we need to understand how and why Stone and Trump triumphed this time. To do that, watch Get Me Roger Stone.
Like its subject, Get Me Roger Stone is enormously and effortlessly entertaining.
Get Me Roger Stone may well infuriate you, but it's never boring. Kind of like the news, every single day in 2017.
Life of Republican politico; language, sex, drug references.
Roger Stone is a compelling figure. That's an understatement: He's a dandy, a dynamite interview and utterly brazen.
Roger Stone is quick, clever, and has survived through so scandal that you can't help but admire him...and hate him. It doesn't really matter what I think. Roger Stone doesn't care. But watching the documentary is a necessary evil worth undertaking.
Lively, fun, sickening, and essential.
Get Me Roger Stone... ought to come with a bottle of Purell-not just because it immerses the viewer in squalid politics, but because the filmmakers seem so shamelessly infatuated with their subject.
Stone himself would revel in the fact that so many people will be watching and seething silently at this documentary. There's no such thing as bad publicity, after all.
Get Me Roger Stone offers its audience an unblinking, if disappointingly straightforward, look at the infamous operator.
As for examining the pathologies on the right side of the spectrum, it's hard to imagine any film this year will surpass the astonishing Netflix production Get Me Roger Stone.
An incisive portrait of how Stone's brand of dirty tricks -- in which the only motivating factor in politics is to win -- came to dominate the current state of disarray.
Endlessly fascinating, bracingly up-to-the-minute ...
A sometimes illuminating, often slapdash and frustrating affair ...
Amusing if also dispiriting film.
The man's a black hole of self-interest and hatred. Get Me Roger Stone is never more effective than when staring directly into that hole, drowning its audience in the black.
An engrossing portrait of a real bag of garbage, whose accumulation of power tells us much about how we've ended up where we are.
Get Me Roger Stone never asks you to root for its eponymous agent of chaos, but he's a more compulsively watchable villain than any Marvel or DC movie has ever had.
A lively look at a character who doesn't mind if you think he's destroying America.
Get Me Roger Stone is absolutely informative about the smiling Slenderman lurking in the darkest corners of Republican politics for decades. And...gut-wrenchingly terrifying.

@highlight

As informative as it is entertaining, Get Me Roger Stone offers a close-up look at the right-wing gadfly who helped shape the 2016 presidential election.