And it is then that Sherlock Gnomes ends up being a minor film within the animation genre. [Full review in Spanish]
Innocuous but vanilla, needlessly convoluted and thoroughly forgettable animated sequel.
The ideal starter or appetizer to begin reading Sherlock Holmes... [Full review in Spanish]
Animated London is great but the story is so-so, despite some nice Holmesian touches.
Kung Fu Panda director John Stevenson keeps the plot moving at a jaunty pace.
Absurd. [Full Review in Spanish]
Sherlock Gnomes doesn't aspire to be Pixar. Instead it creates an identity based on the lump sum of winks and appropriations. [Full Review in Spanish]
While the movie shines at times - it's colourful, beautifully animated and sufficiently fun -the meandering subplots and sporadically funny, pun-fueled dialogue means the mystery quickly wears thin.
The wait is long and confusing, and this spoils the appeal of the film's bright visual attractions.
A mirth-free adventure involving characters from the earlier movie.
Sherlock Gnomes lacks crowd-pleasing appeal.
Actually more fun than the original and guaranteed to make under-10s shudder with delight.
Whether anyone really yearned for a sequel to Gnomeo And Juliet, I'm not sure, but a seven-year interval seems about right.
It's nowhere near as bad as it sounds...
A flimsy treasure-hunt plot, a sexy song-and-dance number, and more of the same Elton John songs deployed with trite, lazy tedium. They mean to keep cranking out these dumb, dull movies, don't they?
After two films, this still looks and feels like a franchise driven more by commercial calculation than creative inspiration.
It is perhaps time to let the sun go down on this mediocre franchise.
The film is a declaration in favor of clean humor and adventures without larger concerns. [Full Review in Spanish]
Some children's movies can be enjoyed by the whole family. This is not one of them. The tired, uninspiring and convoluted story means that its unlikely to sustain even the kids' attention.
A passable, and very-kid friendly, animation which doesn't break the mould, nor overstay its welcome.
A lot funnier than it should be.
A sweet but bland diversion for little ones that doesn't offend but won't exactly enthrall anyone either.
Solid, but unspectacular school holiday entertainment.
Sherlock Gnomes is all but insufferable for any viewer old enough to differentiate between breezy popcorn entertainment and a flagrant cash grab.
Most of Sherlock Gnomes just feels like B-side filler, built on a weak idea that can never really justify the effort. This one might keep the kids occupied in a pinch, but parents shouldn't have a tough time finding better options.
The initial surprise fade shortly after. [Full review in Spanish]
No one was crying out for this sequel; let's hope the creators don't cannibalize any other literary properties.
As a presentation for the young audiences about the British researcher, Sherlock Gnomes offers timely and basic references, as well as a few creative sequences in 2D. [Full review in Spanish]
Fast paced and flimsily staged, Sherlock Gnomes is a sub-so-so sequel to the 2011 animated hit Gnomeo and Juliet.
The only person who can possibly feel good about this whole mess is Elton John, who inexplicably once again licenses his songs for the soundtrack. Hope the checks cleared, Rocket Man.
Cynical
Short and largely inoffensive, unlikely to do any significant harm if you find yourself obligated to watch it.
Sherlock Gnomes is the second movie in a kids' franchise that seems to exist solely to make the lamest puns imaginable.
If you're scratching around for something you can bear to sit through with your kids, this is ― to quote another British classic ― mostly harmless. Otherwise, it's one for the gnome buffs.
Although this tale of detection is too straightforward to interest adults, the animated story about ornamental gnomes is solid enough to intrigue children.
The film isn't 'bad', so much as it is flagrantly mediocre.
Let's just say it's not exactly the most high brow adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's work to come along.
"Sherlock" is Johnny Depp, quite possibly voicing one of the most obnoxious heroes in cartoon history. Thank heavens his less self-serving sidekick, Dr. Watson (Chiwetel Ejiofor), saves the day. (But, alas, not the movie!)
Elton John's punny sequel is flimsy and forgettable. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle must be spinning in his grave.
Sherlock Gnomes isn't as fulfilling for the parents in the audience, but appropriately it meets the entertainment needs of the elementary crowd just fine.
Pretty anemic.
There's some potential for literary humor among the kid-oriented jokes here, but alas, "Sherlock Gnomes" doesn't have nearly the wit or charm of the original.
Is any of this destitute child's Toy Story especially funny or exciting? Oh my, no.
It might be elementary, my dear Watson, but "Sherlock Gnomes" is a limp follow-up to its fun and charming predecessor. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, etc. - also Available)
The pace is neither as frantic nor the writing as clever as in the first film, and I'm knocking half a star off right here for the screenwriters' misuse of the word "wherefore."
"Sherlock Gnomes" is a more leaden creation, and while not without a few highlights, the sequel tends to abandon what made the first feature somewhat unique and lively.
It contains nothing that is offensive, challenging, or complex, nor does it contain any great deal of wit, color, or imagination.
It feels like an afterthought, and the characters we liked before are also treated like afterthoughts.
Simply put, Sherlock Gnomes is a dreadful bore.
More peril, action in sweet but unsurprising sequel.
As directed by John Stevenson, it's a mildly amusing matinee adventure, and superior to Gnomeo and Juliet in every way.
Sherlock Gnomes doesn't quite have the originality and spark to make it a pop-culture phenomenon. Yet it's still an enjoyable family adventure with a solid message.
No one's bothered to figure what this movie has to offer beyond terrifically tactile stone figures going through the motions of what might be called Generic Animated Action Rescue Plot ...
Robbing Mr. Depp of his indispensable physical presence only highlights the ceramic stiffness of the jokes.
With little wit to its name, Sherlock Gnomes becomes far more tedious than playful.
Arthur Conan Doyle's legendary characters feel as if they've been air-dropped into a universe where they don't belong.
Like its predecessor ... Sherlock Gnomes doesn't do anything subversive or imaginative with its material.

@highlight

Sherlock Gnomes is sadly, utterly stumped by the mystery of the reason for its own existence.