The movie seriously goes on too long, with the last five minutes designed to be a twist in the story but really just left me scratching my head.
Ryan tries too hard to reestablish her professional reputation and turns it into a meaningless, annoying film destined for oblivion, right alongside her other recent efforts.
...tart, frequently goofy...
Sadly, something seems to have gotten lost in translation.
I appreciate that talented people wanted to honor Shelly by making this film. They likely would have better honored her by mounting her script as a play.
Adrienne Shelly deserves better.
More strident than funny, the film illustrates that old French proverb, "Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out."
Meg Ryan's Louise is problematic. It's not so much that she chooses to hold on to her man, as it is the man who she chooses to hold on to.
Small indie that has all the ingredients of a typical Hollywood Meg Ryan romantic comedy from the 1990s, including Meg Ryan, but lacks the spark of the best of her genre.
A dreadful and unappealing comedy about a couple whose marriage is in jeopardy.
Serious Moonlight has its flaws, but then what marriage doesn't?
it is nice to see a film made for adults, with fine acting and the amusing last-minute twist that pulls the film together.
Meg Ryan really needs to steer clear of embarrassments like this.
The movie conversely feels disengaged and misdirected, a forgettable reminder that every clever idea does not a good movie make.
It's a tribute to writer Adrienne Shelley and first-time director Cheryl Hines that, despite the film's flaws, it ultimately pulls off its unlikely tone.
Serious Moonlight suggests an unholy, watered-down hybrid of The Ref and Funny Games, played as a chirpy screwball comedy.
Plays out like a sitcom version of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
It's difficult to say whether the script itself is a serious misfire or if the problem is Cheryl Hines, an actress making her directorial debut.
Serious Moonlight is meant to be both funny and painful, but manages only the latter.
Ick.
Hines can't twist the story into a sympathetic whole, leaving the film a mess of tartness and insensitivity that's difficult to endure. Adrienne Shelly deserved a friendlier farewell than this crummy picture.
Amusing black comedy about an avenging wife features a strong cast directed by Cheryl Hines.
Many women would probably like to duct-tape their unfaithful mates to a toilet bowl, but watching it happen isn't quite as funny as it sounds.
The formulaic shortcomings of Serious Moonlight are redeemed by the glow of a group tribute to a fallen friend.
The problem is clearly the screenplay. Unfortunately for the cast and director Hines, the script was obviously sacrosanct. And that sinks the movie.
Amusing black comedy about an avenging wife features a strong cast directed by Cheryl Hines.
There's a lot of yelling, cracking wise, and cooing in this creepy rom-com.
Serious Moonlight has a backstory much more intriguingly dramatic than what's onscreen.
Hines's strict fidelity to her late friend Adrienne Shelly's excessively theatrical script takes precedence over everything else.
Hopefully Serious Moonlight will not become Meg Ryan's Trog: an embarrassing, final starring role in an otherwise respectable movie star career that has sputtered to a halt in recent years.
Its claustrophobic setting prevents these two talented performers literally from strutting their stuff.
a solid directorial debut for Ms. Hines, that does ample justice to the legacy of its gifted architect %u2013 slain actress-cum-filmmaker Adrienne Shelly





@highlight

Serious Moonlight jumbles a comic tone with tragic circumstances and the result is confused performances from its stars.