jThe script has no deep meaning and the film does just what it was intended to do: take an audience on a fantastical journey with loads of action.
Push is an empty calorie extravaganza and demands a crooked concentration it doesn't earn to sufficiently piece this mess together.
Set and filmed on location in bustling Hong Kong, the tight urban street and winding alleyways suit the film perfectly, but this is not enough to save Push from the Oscar season garbage dump.
Light fixtures are the true stars in "Push," constantly reflecting, twinkling and popping. Its best moments are when guns levitate and fire themselves. When you don't even need actors to hold pistols, it's the ultimate in autopilot filmmaking.
Push is a chase film dolled up with supernatural powers and chintzy retro design motifs.
McGuigan's saving grace is a willingness to slow down and savour his own images. At best, a moody inconsequence takes over and confusion feels like part of the plan.
The premise is promising all right, but it's a movie over-stuffed with talk and actors with a glazed look as though they too aren't sure of what they're doing.
There isn't a single word in the English language that could justly convey the sheer stupidity, and impenetrable complexity, of Push.
The most amazing thing about this by this idiotic sci-fi thriller is that the actors do not crack up when delivering their lines.
Pushing ideas into other people's minds is what this sci-fi fantasy thriller is all about, and Paul McGuigan's film looks great. The cast is good too. But there's a problem. The story doesn't make sense
I was at first intrigued, and then bemused and confused.
This entry in the superhero sweepstakes isn't without charm
A pleasant time-waster with non-abysmal performances and a few interesting concepts.
The film is likable, but not lovable. All of the pushing can't compete with other sci-fi thrillers. Still, it's worth the ride if you keep an open mind for the unrealistic.
A movie I enjoyed watching with a huge smile on my face and will assuredly endure scorn for liking...
Dashes from genre to genre in search of a reason to exist.
A sci-fi thriller with a lot of science fiction and zero thrills.
...suffers from an uneven sensibility that essentially holds the viewer at arm's length virtually from start to finish.
Between the unwieldy load of back story and the painfully underdeveloped characters, this infelicitous combination of Jumper, X-Men and TV's Heroes manages to be dull and exhausting at the same time.
A dull trudge, the sort of popcorn movie that gets released in February rather than during the summer holidays.
Falls into the clumsy trap of being the presumptive first installment of a franchise.
Makes viewers feel as if they're watching a movie from inside a spinning clothes dryer.
The violence is incessant, the portentousness constant, the opacity rarely penetrated.
Totally watchable, totally forgettable.
Director Paul McGuigan serves this up with a flashy swagger but there is no disguising the fact that it is an incomprehensible mess.
an overheated stewpot of divisions, sects and subsects of extra-special, special and quasi-special mentalists, all running around like their pants are on fire ... maybe in search of a viable plot?
Kinetic and convincing, this uses a limited budget to thrilling effect, giving us a sort of X-Men-meets-Trainspotting twist. We hope a sequel follows this early promise.
In time this would-be thriller comes to rest with a fist fight, a hanging ending and the implicit promise of a sequel. Of all the calamities that Fanning predicts, Push 2 is one she missed.
It's fun teen stuff but wrecked by director Paul McGuigan's confusing use of constant flashbacks.
Sci-fi hokum to give you a headache.
No amount of local colour and effects-heavy fisticuffs can save Paul McGuigan's film.
What it lacks in out and out originality it makes up for with some pulsating action, vibrant cinematography and good performances from a decent cast.
Silliness rules the day: plot holes abound and are plugged with techno-pounding action sequences and more nonsensical guff. As a TV pilot, this might have worked; as a film, it's loud, confusing and inane.
Though ostensibly action sci-fi, McGuigan's film pushes the boundaries of genre, playing out its paranormal parameters like a game of multi-dimensional chess.
"What if nothing we did made any sense. Would that throw them off the scent?" Nick asks. You bet.
At no point do you care if these dough-eyed buffoons live or die.
The lack of any convincing over-arching plot, the muddled use of alternating futures and squashed-together gaggle of wafer-thin characters renders the project a near complete failure when it comes to thrills and entertainment.
British director McGuigan clearly hoped to make more than a dopey, effects-laden actioner. Unfortunately, he's made an uneven and pretentious one instead.
If the words "A bit like Jumper but not as good" strike fear into your heart then you might want to avoid this turgid superpower stinker.
Sloppily conceived but directed with flair, Push is bound to split the vote. Look closely and its disparate pieces fit clumsily together; step back and the overall effect has an undeniable allure.
Stylishly silly but oddly cool all the same.
Going to see this film doesn't make much sense. It's obviously been cynically conceived as a franchise starter, but abruptly flicking to the end credits seemingly mid-movie is not a good way to start one.
This obviously Heroes-inspired cash-in promises much but delivers very little, thanks to a confusing plot, uninspired direction, poor dialogue and a curiously lacklustre performance from the normally reliable Evans.
A movie so bland, it might as well have been filmed in Hounslow.
Director Paul McGuigan does his best, but this is just a slog that mistakes earnest detail for engaging narrative. Shove.
Why would a psychic 'tec need to sniff a toothbrush to locate its user? Does spearmint freshness have a spooky vibe?
A kick-ass soundtrack, sexy imagery, and the ghost of a narrative to string it all together.
Great ideas, rotten execution.
... a rather bland and hard-to-follow knock off of the trendy Heroes/X-Men template.
Oh, to have my brain wiped of Push. The smell of desperation on the part of filmmakers to create their own superhero franchise is rancid.
This would be sci-fi action-thriller feels like a failed television pilot... or better yet, a demo version for something that could be much better with a lot more production value and polish.
Movers, pushers, shadowers - whatever! The script was insane and the characters were inane.
If you want to see a movie about mutants with superpowers, watch any of the X-Men movies or the "Hellboy" movies or "Wanted," any of those six movies is far superior to this.
It's the kind of film you wish had no sound - perhaps the studio should have eliminated the dialogue and replaced it cue cards every few minutes like the silent films of old.
Except for the cast, 'Push' reminds me a little bit of last year's 'Jumper.'
This is the kind of film where nothing makes sense, it's one huge plot hole. And if that wasn't negative enough, it's witless, boring, shallow and too talky.
Absolutely derivative, but nonetheless of interest.
'Push' suffers from a baffling script, but Dakota Fanning delivers a very watchable performance in this sci-fi thriller.
Push is this year's Jumper. 'Nuff said.
Long on style, short on substance and logic, it's baffling and frenetic, defeated by its own chaotic cleverness.
...your understanding of just what is happening will correspond to the amount of time you spend watching the Sci-Fi channel and TV shows such as Heroes.
It would take some pretty powerful mind control to convince audiences that Push is a winner.
I thought Hayden Christensen in last year's Jumper would be as bland a mutant as the screen would ever give us, but that was before I saw Chris Evans in Push.
In plot, it meanders. In character development, it implodes. In action, it plods. In effect, it numbs, but, alas, not quickly enough.
Push has amazing special effects and production design, but that doesn't compensate for the messy, incoherent plot and lack of truly palpable Sci-fi thrills and excitement.
Belle... is blank as a page, and the intended romantic chemistry between her and Evans is never in evidence.
Push has vibrant cinematography and decent acting, but I'm blasted if I know what it's about.
Push has an interesting premise, but it just doesn't manage to translate it into a great movie.
A better-than-average sci-fi thriller with genuine jolts and unexpected texture.
One of the better recent attempts at cashing in on the superhero film craze without having an actual comic book to adapt.
Pure escapist fun.
The best thing about the movie is that you can never predict exactly where it's going.
Sci-fi thriller has more style than story; some iffy stuff.
There are many problems with Push, and most are the usual boring things: unnecessary plot loops; long, dumb musical interludes; a charmless script; and ostentatious action sequences in which the only person excited is the cameraman.
When Push comes to shove, don't expect to care about any of it.
A silly movie that is partially engrossing and plenty convoluted.
Evans and 10,000 BC's Belle shuffle through a turgid romantic subplot, and though the two characters are very, very pretty, they've got the chemical spark of a banana.
A grubby cut-price sci-fi thriller.
Just as it's getting impossible to tell the superpowered humans without a scorecard, along comes Push to muddy the waters.
It should give us the willies, but it's willy-nilly.
By the time the credits roll, your most fervent wish is to run into a 'wiper' (one who can erase memories).
A bargain basement melding of clichés from the X-Men franchise and TV's Heroes.
You know a sci-fi script is in trouble when it spends the first five minutes narratively briefing you on its Byzantine plot -- and you're still not sure what's going on.
Suggestive of X-Men, The Matrix and the television show Heroes, Push is one of those time-mangling thrillers that manages to seem both complicated and superficial.
One long mistake from start to finish, this is a film that never gets its rhythms or bearing right.
It's like watching an X-Men movie that doesn't feature the leather costumes and which doesn't have enough in the way of requisite thrills or action to keep anyone interested in it for very long.
It goes nowhere new and offers nothing we haven't seen before, and while it's nice the filmmakers put so much stock in building their characters three-dimensionally the fact they give them all nothing of interest or merit to do kind of defeats the purpose
It does the job it sets out to do: providing engaging entertainment centered around an interesting idea that it respects enough to think through properly.
Parental Content Review
Too much explanation, of the sort Cassie is inclined to provide, only slows down the nonsense Push is pushing.
With mediocre expectations going in, the flick's cleverness, great score and wicked fight scenes lead me to recommend this to anyone looking for a good time.
As a whole, Push feels unfinished, its ultimate destination accounting for nothing more than a shrug. There is a fair amount to like here, and just as much to resent for how much better it could have been.
You have to be clairvoyant to follow the particulars of this overly complicated, unconvincing thriller about folks with paranormal abilities.
[D]isappointingly generic shoot-'em-up dressed up with a few paranormal frills...
As far as I can tell, the only ability in short supply is acting.
What really struck me more than the plot itself was McGuigan's amazing use of location and space; it feels as if this movie and these characters are really living in Hong Kong.
It's not great, but it's a perfectly fine version of psychics on the run versus the bad guys.
Push is supremely elegant, even beautiful; you can get lost in the visuals even as the narrative implodes. If ever there were a triumph of style over substance, this is it.
The scenes focused on lukewarm dialogue outnumber the action scenes ten to one, giving the film a listless, low-energy vibe.
Even with all its idiosyncratic elements, Push feels like something we've seen before. Unfortunately, said memory is of something far more fascinating and definitely more engaging.
Push falters not in trying to add its voice to the genre, it falters in not having anything compelling to say.
Movies don't get more headache-inducing than Push.
The ending left me scratching my head, unsure of what had happened, but certain of one thing: The giant pile of loose ends means somebody intends to make a sequel.
A trippy, nonstop action fest, with the feel of a really good episode of Heroes.
Eventually buckling beneath the girth of its own mythology, Push ends with less a cliffhanger than really just a cliff.
It's the perfect brain vacation for those overtaxed by Oscar-nominated movies.
An ambling, broody concoction along the lines of Strange Days.
Not much of it makes sense. The rest isn't terribly interesting.
... delivers the requisite spectacle... but skimps on character and story.
Push is NBC's Heroes, if anything ever happened on Heroes besides oh so mysterious prophecies and a litany of excuses to avoid action sequences.
A great premise is marred by disastrous execution in this disappointingly un-heroic take on the comic-book genre.
...a fun thriller that has a couple of tricks up it's sleeve.
Imagine if the X-Men had spent most of their time sitting around talking about how they were going to fight Magneto instead of ever actually doing anything and you'll have a good sense of what is wrong with Push.
An unholy mixture of Heroes and Jumper...'What if nothing we did made any sense?' says the inept hero, apparently reciting the credo of the moviemakers.
Push barely measures up to even the worst moments on "Heroes," and it makes 20th Century Fox's weaker superhero efforts look much better.
It's an ambitious attempt to shove the whole of a fairly complex comic book universe into a single messy and garish movie.
A weightless, style-driven thriller set in a photogenically chaotic Hong Kong.
The film is blessed with a frenetic pace that simultaneously accomplishes two things: it keeps the energy level high while obfuscating some of the most obvious logical flaws in the plot's structure.
A clutter of worn genre elements stitched together with superficial stylistics.
A harrowing mindbender which successfully blends elements of X-Men, The Matrix and Memento while adding some of its own unique sci-fi flava.
Director Paul McGuigan and screenwriter David Boula are content to rely on the usual suspects, taking their visual and dramatic cues from other, more clever and involving sci-fi capers.
Engagingly photographed but dramatically inert.
A confused jumble of parts in search of a whole.





@highlight

The sci-fi thriller Push is visually flashy but hyperkinetic and convoluted.