That's essentially what this movie is: ugly. It's characters are deeply unpleasant.
"House at the End of the Street" is so thoroughly unpredictable that it will even have you actively rooting for the villain and against the victims at one point.
A "sleepover night" horror movie made for young people who haven't seen many good horror movies.
An uncommonly tedious effort...
It's made for - and presumably by - people who haven't ever seen a horror movie. What's even more frustrating is that its inherent ineptitude doesn't ever become entertaining in a "this is hilariously horrible" fashion.
Ninety minutes of melodrama for ten minutes of a very derivative surprise ending.
A clunky, run-of-the-mill horror flick written by the same guy who penned last year's similarly themed disappointment, Dream House.
It isn't very scary, but it does pile a bunch of really tasteless twists on towards the end that make no sense and it almost becomes a comedy. On one hand, is a failure as a horror film, but as an exercise in desperation, it's kind of a hoot
exactly what you'd expect from a PG-13 horror movie dropped in September. There's really nothing particularly scary about it, and the story ranges from shaky to thin
House at the End of the Street reveals itself to be merely another forgettable PG-13 thriller banking on the brain-dead mall crowd to tweet their unending love for a crummy feast such as this.
The screenplay has a nice twist that could have supported a stylish giallo-style thriller; unfortunately, director Mark Tonderai delivers a mess -- an almost random tangle of choppy edits, handheld camera, 'shock' sound effects and other horror cliches.
Formulaic, unoriginal suspense thriller aided by a plot twist and good leads, that might delight the less-gore-is-more teenage audience.
A routine 'Don't go down to the basement' thriller, but watching Jennifer Lawrence go through her paces makes it enjoyable.
The filmmakers elect to emphasize every plot point and telegraph every plot twist with the delicacy of a train blaring its horn as it approaches a crossing -- and yet that isn't even their greatest sin.
Borrows so liberally from other movies that it could have been fascinating, but due to confused direction and a mishmash of acting, it's ultimately bland and forgettable.
Lawrence is fine as the solo-parented teen and Thieriot does a mean Tony Perkins (circa Pretty Poison, but on downers), but the sheer tedium of the storyline means you never really care about any of them.
[T]he scariest thing about [this] is that this sort of junk is considered a good career move for a young actress who's just come off a small film from a respected indie director...
Saying that House at the End of the Street is contrived is an insult to contrivances.
Shockingly uneventful, this horror film marks time until dropping its big, dumb reveal.
... Typical of modern horror movies, jump-scares (which are startling, not scary--there is a difference) sprinkled throughout deflate the suspense before it builds much.
Clearly designed as a downbeat, character-driven psychological thriller, not a shock machine...but it never really pays off, in part because it relies too often on the very clichés it aspires to avoid.
Don't be tempted to put in an offer; this house is built on flimsy foundations.
You've seen every twist and turn before and it's all played completely straight. A Scream-esque knowing wink would make it all far more palatable.
Its talented lead is reduced to being just another scantily clad babe getting stalked by a psycho.
This is the type of run of the mill, cookie cutter, PG-13, piss poor excuse of a horror movie that horror fans always complain about over the internet.
A choppily edited, poorly timed mess with little continuity, overloaded with aural shocks in a desperate attempt to compensate for its minimal suspense.
Tonderai steers the story cleanly around its queasy hairpin turns, perversely toying with one of pop cinema's most cherished clichés: the audience's inculcated desire to side with the underdog.
Jennifer Lawrence and Elisabeth Shue are trapped in this banal, formulaic, low-budget horror thriller.
There are one or two clever plot twists that are subsequently followed up by a cavalcade of ridiculous, credibility-stretching ones.
You can tell Lawrence knows she's in a lost cause. Her performance is often rendered in one disinterested facial expression.
What could be so bad about a new Jennifer Lawrence movie that its distributor opts to keep it away from critics and release it with minimal ad support? Please, allow "House at the End of the Street" to answer that question.
This is the rare horror film so bad you almost wish it had turned into a good old connect-the-gory-dots slasher movie. The only mystery at work is how Lawrence's agent ever let her sign on.
Goes flat and generic, substituting jump-scares and visual twitchiness for the psychological complexity that might have sold the horror.
I hope Lawrence takes some time today to hug her Catching Fire producers for her good fortune.
Originality, or lack thereof, isn't really the movie's problem. Execution is.
There's nothing original at all about House at the End of the Street, yet another ineffective, training-wheels-attached, PG-13 horror movie.
Not even Oscar nominee Jennifer Lawrence's presence can hold your attention while you wait for her to complete the paint-by-numbers steps you already created in your head for this retread.
A schlockly spin on the girl-in-jeopardy genre.
Feisty girl + troubled young man + house full of ugly secrets = hackneyed horror movie you've seen a hundred times before, even if Jennifer Lawrence keeps it watchable.
All the condescension of a Lifetime Original Movie and only half the ironic entertainment value.
House at the End of the Street is what it is: a teenage version of Fatal Attraction (1987) with a dash of The Collector (1965).
House at the End of the Street is a thoroughly awful and unpleasant horror film, one that attempts to affect its unlucky audience by trading in abuse, sadism, and general human misery. It is a dreadful experience.
By the third act, you or someone sitting near you will be whispering, muttering or just plain shouting at the screen.
Bland, bloodless babysitter bait.
It's made strictly for the under 18 crowd with low expectations and a high enthusiasm for formulaic "horror" movies.
The movie requires the characters to act stupidly to help move things forward, and if they had seen any other movies, they would know not to do these things.
A soulless, uncreative, cliché-laden anger generator disguised as a horror thriller, Mark Tonderai's film undermines itself at every turn and infuriates its audience.
Slow, has zero inventive kills or any set pieces for that matter, is constantly tripping over its own narrative and, worst of all, it isn't scary.
Like a street shyster looking to make a score with a shell game, the director keeps trying to play with your expectations. Unfortunately, you're likely to end up feeling ripped off.
While its not bad-bad, it's just so poorly conceived that it should have premiered on Lifetime...It very well may be the most generic horror film ever made.
This PG-13 scare-fest is more psychological terror than blood and guts, and should satisfy-not repulse-young genre fans.
This convoluted psychological thriller unravels as it should be tightening.
The film is essentially toothless, but it never stoops to humorless torture-porn theatrics.
A thriller with a twisted ending that feels clumsy, laboured and unconvincing throughout.
Though The House at the End of the Street is smarter than most films of the genre, it still has some fairly predictable plot turns.
Lawrence is perfectly in character yet somehow outside it too, floating above Elissa and the weak movie alike.
See, good talent can still make bad films.
It's too soapy and problematic to really work, but I guarantee you've seen worse this year.
The final act of House at the End of the Street makes almost no sense in the moment and even less in retrospect.
Marred by all the mistakes of a novice who has watched a lot of horror movies, but never quite figured out the key ingredients that made a good one effective.
The location really has nothing to do with it.
Ultimately it's just an old-fashioned shocker--'Psycho' crossed with 'Jane Eyre,' and reworked for the teeny-bopper crowd. But it lives up to neither of its exalted models.
The kind of bland, mediocre thriller that's tough to review in the sense that it's difficult to put a shoulder shrug into words. How can I turn "meh" into a full review?

@highlight

Poorly conceived, clumsily executed, and almost completely bereft of scares, House at the End of the Street strands its talented star in a film as bland as its title.