As Usher says in the movie, the Biebs won't be 16 forever. In fact, I think he just turned 17. The clock is ticking, but we'll always have Never Say Never.
A light-hearted and fun look at the life and achievements of the young superstar.
Something strictly for those stricken with Bieber Fever.
A fun, feelgood way to spend a couple of hours, and actually has an inspiring message of what might happen if you follow your dreams.
Currently I am disinterested in his music, but once he ages and is forced to start expanding on his talents, I think we might see something interesting.
...the thing it documents best is how music producers and press agents market a product.
Though billed as a 3D film, it only applies to the concert footage, though it's difficult to imagine any of his fans complaining.
Just turning the camera on gives us a sense of the madness surrounding Bieber, who seems to have risen faster than anyone in pop music history.
In spite of its airy brief as a panting PR puff piece, this engaging concert-doco takes a semi-revealing splash inside the fishbowl through which its subject sees the world.
It's a mass-marketing effort sure, but a surprisingly entertaining one.
If you are at all curious about Justin Bieber the phenomenon, Never Say Never is a fascinating, eye opening and eerily emotive film.
Justin Bieber's story is that of a regular kid who is living his dream. Rest assured, it is no small dream to be the headliner at New York's prestigious Madison Square Gardens, taking just 22 minutes to sell out
Ultimately, the film is for the fans and they'll find plenty to love here. If you're not a fan, it's going to be painful.
We are introduced to the alchemists who looked at a talented little kid, saw dollar signs, and turned him into pure gold. Somehow, director Jon Chu is able to make their success not seem exploitative.
If you were wondering what the fuss is all about, check out this high energy 3D concert film which documents how Justin Bieber, the teen singing phenomenon, has rocketed to superstardom through social media.
It's 50% concert film and 50% hagiographic promotional video and 0% documentary. But that doesn't mean it's not a reasonably interesting look at how the ridiculously busted music industry functions.
I have to admit I like him, enjoy his music and, more than that, I enjoyed watching his fans in 'Justin Bieber: Never Say Never.'
A marketmentary trying to be canny but coming off canned. The one truth slipping out of this 105-minute ad is that, at this stratospheric level of social-networked stardom, the star and his entourage float along in a bubble of total self-delusion.
I think this movie is creepy.
A blatant promotional and marketing tool, it's a curiously sanitized, if sycophantic documentary, examining the Bieber phenomenon from a bland, 'authorized' viewpoint.
Basically an unimaginative concert movie about the days leading up to the 16-year-old Justin Bieber's appearance at New York's Madison Square Garden...
Underneath the bubblegum exterior is a surprisingly engaging and entertaining look at a megastar created by the internet.
In two years the swooning tweenies on screen and in the audience will feel embarrassed about their reactions; anybody else going should take ear plugs for the shrieky bits.
It has come to this: parents who have recorded their children's lives since infancy can see their home films edited into their child's very own 3-D concert documentary.
It's a given that Justin Bieber's millions of prepubescent girl fans are ill-equipped arbiters of taste. So it goes that this faux documentary is nothing more or less than a 105 minute marketing campaign for the latest teenybopper flavor.
Although this film has not exactly made me into a full-fledged Belieber, it has at least shown me the wisdom of never saying never.
Grown-ups will still struggle not to picture a post-puberty sequel featuring DUIs and rehab trips.
Concert footage attests to Bieber's ability to sing live including U Smile with backing from Boyz II Men, a duet of Overboard with Miley Cyrus, a remix of Somebody To Love featuring Usher and the infuriatingly catchy Baby.
Chu has called Never Say Never "the origin story of a hero". Which is cobblers, obviously. But the film did convince me that Bieber is a dramatic figure.
If you're over 15 and semi-intelligent, you'll want your money back.
There are few insights into his pressured existence and none into his creative process.
The encouraging aspect of this musical documentary is that it proves the 16-year-old Canadian does have the talent to go with his precocious self-confidence.
I walked into the cinema with the cynicism you'd expect from a grown man and then... something strange happened.
I like Justin Bieber. There...I said it.
What makes the movie bearable - if you are not a fan because if you are you will obviously love every second of it, especially those moments when Justin's hand seems to come out from the screen and draw you in - is the fascination of his actual story.
He's the moppet from another planet: I defy anyone to watch this docu-lite promotional tour video about Justin Bieber's live show (back when he was 16) and not be sort of impressed, if only at an anthropological level.
Surprisingly engaging. Biased, but by no means a bad film.
Have we got the Bieber fever? We certainly don't have a rash from watching this film - more a warm glow of enlightenment.
Accompanying adults might be surprised by how cheesily enjoyable it is. They may suddenly feel rather old, though.
Director Chu keeps things moving briskly, even if the film is far too long. But the 3D is playfully deployed.
Squeaky clean fun for the youngsters in the family. Everyone else hide.
Before seeing Justin Bieber: Never Say Never 3D, I honestly couldn't have cared whether Justin Bieber lived or got mown down by a lorry. But now, I'm unapologetically sold on the guy.
Why Justin Beiber and not the thousands of others on the Internet doing basically the same thing?
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never has an engaging back-story that captures Bieber's meteoric rags-to-riches rise to stardom.
Gives an eye-opening account of the creepy mania that surrounds the star, while inadvertently hinting at the dependency of those around Bieber on their fresh-faced cash cow.
It's a decent pop spectacle: big songs, adorable backstage horseplay, and some genuinely surprising demonstrations of talent.
Nicely balances the live performances with the documentary footage, creating a movie that moves briskly while simultaneously explaining and showcasing its subject.
It really is an astonishing story.
I find him such a bland, pious, profoundly unthreatening little Furby of a pop idol, but little girls' celebrity crushes are not to be trifled with. And this sensationally engineered promo film makes Justin Bieber look like a true force of nature.
This surprisingly captivating documentary about the floppy-haired one just might convert the Biebz haters.
A surface look at the life and times of teen idol Justin Bieber. Fine for his adoring fans and adults will be entertained too.
A spirited documentary highlighting the natural talents and show biz success of a youngster who was born to perform.
If Never Say Never was merely just a gigantic commercial for the fans, it would be easy to dismiss especially as the cult of Bieber begins to fade with age. But this is an infomercial for the lottery mentality we have in this country.
I went in with the best intentions. I wanted to succumb to Bieber Fever and the movie never got me there.
While I don't quite buy the conceit of Bieber as the Second Coming of pop idols, I did walk away convinced of him having the "it" factor on stage.
Compelling docu about a young star's rise to the top.
Let the shrieking commence: Jon M. Chu's documentary, although a mite extended, makes you realize exactly why Justin Bieber is King of the World.
The movie remains so sanitized, so authorized that it never gives us credit for being able to make up our own minds about him and what he represents.
"Never Say Never" is clearly designed for fans, but there's something for us newbiebers, too.
Bieber's unquestionably gifted, and if he's smart enough to listen to the grounded, talented folk around him, there's every reason to hope that he'll turn out to be just fine when he grows up.
The movie is cunningly woven to show the tension between his insane success and his determination to remain a sane, normal 16-year-old.
Part biopic, part concert film and all crowd pleaser, Justin Bieber: Never Say Never is a big, glossy celebration of the musical phenom that knows exactly what it needs to do to send its target audience of 'tween girls into a tizzy of giddy screams.
Whether Bieber's wowing the fans at a concert or spontaneously hugging his grandfather, his enthusiasm and exuberance are impressive. And all that comes through loud and clear in Never Say Never.
An interminable documentary punctuated by perhaps half an hour of heavily edited 3-D performance footage.
Never Say Never is a 3D concert film to delight the shy 13-year-old with braces that lives in all of us, but after a while the movie starts to feel like lethal injection by bubblegum.
The hour and 45 minute concert film "Justin Bieber: Never Say Never 3-D" makes a strong case for more strict child labor laws.
Equal parts biopic, concert film and pep rally, the movie's 105 minutes do a good job of conveying the pleasures of pop, courtesy of the very real talents of Justin Bieber.
What the movie lacks in genuine insight it makes up for in what fans really want: gazing shots at the Biebz whipping his hair back and forth.
It is canny and well-made and genuinely emotional. It is, by any standard, a good movie.
"Never Say Never" is sort of like the featured piece of a political nominating convention. It's a fluffy, mildly inspiring, celebration of the hero leading up to his big moment.
You don't have to be a lovesick tween to get in tune with the Justin Bieber doc, but it certainly doesn't hurt.
Young fans will lose their minds, although that would have happened if the film consisted of an hour and 45 minutes of Bieber brushing his teeth. Adult chaperones who care nothing of the star's music will find the film surprisingly tolerable.
That Never doesn't work as a biopic isn't a surprise. Bieber's too young to paint a picture with much context.
Will Never Say Never change your opinion of Justin Bieber? Probably not. But it does offer an interesting look at exactly what Bieber fever is, how it spread so fast and who is behind it.
While viewers already afflicted with Bieber Fever get plenty of reasons to scream their heads off, even the haters may succumb to his charm attack.
What the 3-D film lacks in cinematic charm and ingenuity is compensated for by its subject's high-wattage charisma and low-key earnestness.
Even the most skeptical viewer would have to agree: He comes off as a decent, funny and respectful kid, one who minds his elders, especially his surrogate mother, vocal coach Jan Smith.
Far more interesting is the movie's careful, clever way of showing how 21st century social networking (most notably YouTube) was just as important in creating this kid as his smile.
No one is looking for a hard-hitting expose on Bieber's life, but it would be nice to at least hear the guy speak.
A surprisingly compelling window into a phenomenon that, at its core, is as old as pop itself.
A sweetly entertaining, canny celebration of the pop heartthrob du jour.
It may not give you Bieber Fever, but you may not be so adamant about finding a cure either.
[Bieber is] the perfect first crush, and this is the perfect movie for someone currently experiencing that crush.
Somebody on screen - you forget who all the adults are; they're not important - describes Bieber as "the Macaulay Culkin of music," which seems right, if a little sad.
The film's premise-that Bieber achieved his superstardom through years of hard work overcoming towering obstacles-is so ludicrously flawed that everything built upon it borders on self-parody.
It's vaguely like the fascinating Michael Jackson performance documentary, "This Is It.''
a calculated big screen infomercial
At 105 minutes it's exhausting, even though it has been expertly cut together.
Strictly as a piece of filmmaking, Never Say Never is a bit of a mess.
The degree of hero-making in effect is unintentionally hilarious -- much of [it] plays like a campaign ad, or a career-highlights montage you'd see for someone's retirement
You don't know whether to damn Bieber and Chu for manipulating our emotions or praise them for trying to put some essence into this effervescence.
With talent, drive, and 75 dubious handlers who stand to profit wildly from success, anyone can be a star. You just have to follow your heart. Or something like that.
"Never Say Never" is about as revealing as a Canadian snowmobile suit.
Never Say Never is a legit documentary made for the fans and the haters. I dare anyone to watch this movie and tell me they weren't inspired. The 3D was fantastic!
This concert film is designed as a marketing tool to make Bieber a bigger global star, but given that, you can observe his charm, ambition and talent, and recognize that he is the first teen idol totally created by the new technologies and social media
The surprising thing about the new behind-the-scenes documentary Justin Bieber: Never Say Never is that it should have appeal well beyond the star's young, adoring female fan base.
It's all about a quick cash in and providing instant gratification for the singer's army of hardcore fans
An undeniably engaging musical portrait that delivers major bangs for the buck.
Though anyone who needs convincing won't touch this one with a 10-foot pole, Justin Bieber: Never Say Never makes a persuasive case for its titular star as a far more talented-than-usual teen idol.
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never may be the concert film as glorified promotional product, but it captures a genuine youthquake.
Never Say Never pinpoints, celebrates, and then channels that indescribable feeling that fans gets from loving their idol unconditionally
Its insistence on furthering the Bieber brand makes the movie feel more like a well-honed presidential campaign than an insightful look into the teen sensation.
The music itself is easily digestible pop...His self-assurance is a little disconcerting - but, as the home videos show, he always had that kind of natural confidence.
There's no scrimping on the Bieber here, but he's a curiously vague presence, obscured in the shadow of this monument to his brand.

@highlight

As a tour documentary, it's rather uninspired -- but as a 3D glimpse of a building pop culture phenomenon, Never Say Never is undeniably entertaining.