Could surely be a lot better, but there's much to enjoy in the film that exists, with its organic mixture of comic tones, and generally upbeat attitude of breezy fun.
. . .there is something crucial missing from the mix. Some heart and soul that might make you care more about the plight of plebby Arthur and his gang of intergalactic pals.
While it won't win any awards, it's fun as a time killer.
Fans of the book will probably be a little disappointed, but anyone encountering the Hitchhiker's Guide for the first time should be thoroughly entertained. It is very strange and very funny in a way that Adams' work exemplified.
"The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy" is an enjoyable sci-fi romp with a strong twist of self-effacing British raillery that children of all ages will get a charge from.
It's hard to dislike a movie in which one of the heroes gets brain power from lemon juice.
Considering all the things that could have gone wrong in the making of this picture, it's a minor miracle that it turned out as well as it did.
full review in Greek
A lot of fun and something different, poised to reach a broader audience with its silly and spirited tour of space -- which is vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big, by the way.
"Mostly Unnecessary."
Devotees of the original stories are going to be frustrated that their favorite bits have been truncated or excised outright, while newbies will likely wonder what all the fuss has been about these last few decades.
Adams fans will have to content themselves with the fact that, while the film is not perfect, it is indeed the best they could realistically have hoped for.
Cute, science-fiction adventure that has inspired moments. Just not enough of them.
Given this fan's worst fears, The Hitchhiker's Guide is a minor pleasant surprise
...proves that some novels just aren't filmable...
On the grand scale of adaptations, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy falls...closer to Lord of the Rings than it does The Shining, or I, Robot.
For all its huge sets, high-tech glitz, and CGI effects, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy fails to capture the deadpan drollness of the Adams novels
The world (the Universe, and Everything) is divided into fans of Douglas Adams, and those who have never read anything by the man
This film is a pleasant experience but a throwaway one. It is hard to be harsh on a film with as many smiles as this one. For many of us the jokes will be just too familiar.
...character interactions and relationships have been jettisoned in favor of wild gesticulations, frantic emoting and a heap of commotion.
I'll never be able to figure out how they can turn words like "go" and "no" into two-syllable words.
The big problem with Hitchhiker, and it is a crucial one, is that the middle section of the film really isn't that interesting.
Even those who love British humor (a la Monty Python) will find the script tedious and unimaginative.
Divertido, irreverente e recheado de efeitos visuais que contribuem para a história em vez de simplesmente se limitarem a funcionar como espetáculo à parte.
Like a good Brit, Hitchhiker's brings up something important but then gets distracted by silly names and puppets. Like Parliament.
I wasn't amazed or stunned by this movie, but I felt like it would be nice to hang out with.
The net effect is something like watching NBC's disagreeable rehash of The Office. They got most of the words right, but the music is all wrong.
Despite the perfect cast, fantastic book animations, & superb production design, this latest adaptation of Douglas Adams' novel is just not very enjoyable.
The layers of dry wit that are supposed to engage the grownups don't work ...
You don't have to love the book(s) to love this movie.
Overall, the film is enjoyable, but it is never exactly brilliant and is certainly less worthy than the novel.
A mixed bag, crammed with many inspired bits but never coalescing as a whole.
The film version truly captures the whimsical cynicism at the series' heart.
Yeah...but you have to read the book first.
Galaxy Quest succeeded by its story as much as by its stars and effects. Hitchhiker's feels more like a string of skits linked by awkward transitions.
You might not get it - whatever it is - but you can still have a good time.
Once you get past all the impenetrable dialogue exchanges and meandering plot twists, what you have is, at the core, a film with solid vision and heart.
Small, really small...Adams' sci-fi cult favorite lands on the screen minus a hyper-drive.
Adams would be pleased.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has inspired moments, but it becomes a conventional boy-meets-girl, boy-loses-girl -to-the-president -of-the-galaxy sort of tale.
A must-see for Hitchhiker's Guide devotees, an offbeat warm-up for those who devour everything intergalactic and a bit of a puzzlement for general movie fans.
Flawed-but-fun.
A disappointingly potholed ride.
Adds up to a movie that's very easy to like, but somehow not so easy to love -- no matter how hard you try.
...'Resistance is useless.' It's best to simply surrender to the movie's barrage of dry humor, bizarre characters and wonderfully twisted, Monty Pythonesque ideas.
I'm sure not everyone will be happy with this interpretation, but in all honestly, you can't please everyone.
"Golly bum, it's so darn ... good natured that I wanted to like it - until it became obvious whimsy can reach toxic levels in the human bloodstream. La da di, la di da.
An amusement starship.
The movie has its share of clever touches, but not much of a soul.
This movie is "Sin City's" evil twin. Disguised to look clever but underneath boring as hell.
The problem is not that the film debases the book but that movies themselves are too capacious a home for such comedy, with its tea-steeped English musings and its love of bitty, tangential gags.
Sam Rockwell puts a lot of comic energy into the Zaphod Beeblebrox character, but the payoff is surprisingly slight. That sums up the problem with the movie.
[It has] visual goofiness and flights of thespian bravura.
Has a delightfully human quality.
As the film unfurls you keep thinking, Boy, what would Terry Gilliam have made of this?
Strictly for Douglas Adams fans.
Like the novel, the film version is quirky and original using Adams' ideas and characters with top-notch special effects to create an organic science fiction adventure.
Fans of the novel can exhale, finally; panic is unwarranted.
An amusing, if disjointed, ride.
The fans are gonna love this movie.
It was easy to the spot the diehard fans of the novels. They emerged from the theater sulking like Marvin the Robot.
This is science fiction as envisioned by Preston Sturges or the Marx Brothers. It jumps from slapstick to wordplay to repartee at the speed of light.
We're not talking Star Wars here; we're instead talking Disney-like cute.
Hitching a ride, even one in space, has never been less exciting and adventurous.
Now comes English video director Garth Jennings theatrical take on Douglas' surreal outer space head-trip and I'm happy to say, for fans at least, this is one comedic deadpan adventure worth signing up for.
Capturing the wry absurdist logic of Adams' comedy, Jennings' movie delivers more laughs than a single viewing can tease out.
It all works, and is in fact, one of the best popcorn movies of the year so far.
Martin Freeman is perfectly cast as Arthur Dent and Zooey Deschanel is rather brilliant (not to mention drop-dead gorgeous) as Trillian.
The major problem is that the subtle, quirky humor of Douglas Adams' novel doesn't translate well to a big, expensive, special effects-laden production.
...not quite as consistently funny as I had hoped, but sporting an amazing visual sense and a shiny new heart of gold.
[The movie] captures the quizzical, quasi-spiritual nature of [Adams'] book and manages to nail a surprising number of his dry little jokes, even some that you think could work only on the page.
I can see why this mix of science-fiction, satire, existentialism and plain absurdity would appeal to some, but it didn't add up to much for me.
Unlike the postmodernism and half-formed words of Lucas' universe, this world functions without needing a handbook on the history of cinema, much less a toy store catalog.
Although Hitchhiker starts out a total gas, it doesn't have enough fuel to sustain the ride, ultimately amounting to little more than some amusing gags strung together in search of a story.
Galaxy is good enough to keep you rooting for it, but the mode of transport needs fresher points and plugs.
An eccentric, mind-bending head trip.
The long-overdue screen adaptation of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is likely to amuse and vex fans while leaving casual observers mildly baffled.
Audiences will be won over from the first sequence.
It's a pure mood picture -- in the mood and you may love it, out of the mood and you might want to scratch your eyeballs with toothpicks.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy never reaches the whimsical brilliance of the late Douglas Adams' beloved sci-fi novel, but this long-awaited film adaptation splits the difference by bringing Adams' story to vivid visual life.
Garth Jennings makes an impressive and very amusing directorial debut.
For all its bells and whistles, the search for meaning, much like a colorful traipse through Oz, takes you back to the mundane.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy succeeds mostly in evoking a memory of the book, though in this case that might be enough, given how funny the book is.
They've finally gone and made a Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy movie. And they've blown it. Not completely. Just enough to break an interstellar hitchhiker's heart.
A smart, swift and entertaining adaptation.
It's a mutant piece of entertainment that's bound to leave fans feeling betrayed and everyone else befuddled.
It will be enough of a triumph for some fans that Hitchhiker finally got made. But anyone truly interested in Arthur and Ford and the gang -- anyone who wants to laugh a lot, anyway -- needs to migrate back to the books.
The movie gets right Adams' peculiar voice, that blend of genuine intellectual inquiry, deep cynicism and Brit-twit silliness.
The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy was created in different times, humour-wise, and some of the laughs in the movie seem dated.
It's worth hitching a ride on The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, but it's a jerky, uneven voyage.
A beautifully odd duck and a faithful-in-spirit adaptation of Douglas Adams' iconic sci-fi ramble.
By the film's final third, you begin to wonder when, or if, it is going to reach a conclusion.
[A] modestly amusing and at times very clever movie.
Hitchhiker is a one-off parody of a certain moment in arrested adolescence, but it's a charming way to look at the world.
A good-natured space romp for the whole family.
The film bursts the bounds of the first book and stuffs in chunks of narrative that don't belong.
Enjoyable despite messy subplots.
It's impossible to dislike a film where the hero, a mild-mannered Englishman named Arthur Dent, traverses the universe in his bathrobe because Earth was destroyed before breakfast.
Although there are differences, Hitchhiker's maintains the spirit of Adams' writing and the incredibly imaginative world he created.
An ingenious spectacle that dares its audience not to get sucked into it's wildly imaginative world.
Ever wonder where Radiohead got the title 'Paranoid Android'? Meet Marvin the robot... he's a real party.
The pace is so slow that die-hard fans will be using their towels for pillows.
A mind-blowing trip, smart and funny and well worth the ride.
Adams' wordplay and irreverence are aimed roughly at the level of a sharp 14-year-old, but the movie is so engaging, it just about makes everyone feel 14 again.
Whimsical and episodic, the feature needed more coherent comic hyperdrive to really blast through.
The target audience seems to be the many fans of Douglas Adams' absurd-intelligent, quantum-physics, sci-fi comedy-adventure.
Given the movie's peculiar context, [the book] should be required reading before anyone is allowed into the theater.
A movie that's clever, packed with dry humor and afflicted by occasional patches of dullness.
The droll has been made dull, a most inexplicable and unfortunate turn of events for so adored a genius, goofball work as this.
A lively blend of epic silliness and very droll British humor, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is that rare sci-fi comedy where the special effects complement, rather than overwhelm, the story and characters.
The film is way too goofy for all but the most thumbstruck Hitchhiker.
Reasonably reverent in its droll eccentricity but terribly Americanized in its comic delivery, the feature-length H2G2 is an enjoyable mess...
Its greatest fault is that it simply doesn't live up to the reputation - not to mention the radio programs, novels, TV series and text-based computer game - that precedes it.
The Guide's entry for this movie would read - Mostly entertaining.
Often wry but rarely witty, the film never feels like anything but a pleasantry.
Amusing to experience, but forgettable... an organic Hollywood behemoth that merely hitchhikes on the fame of Adams' celebrated novel.
A film as boundless in its creativity as the human imagination.
A wry, satirical spin on outer-and-inner-space. It's absurdist, inventive and intelligent.
Enthusiastic, respectful, amusing and fun.
What should have been a bitingly Gilliamesque Men in Black comes off as a hit-and-miss Britcom Galaxy Quest.
Not a perfect film and instantly forgettable. But for the two hours you are watching it, you'll enjoy at least 80 percent of it.
Like The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou, but with much less visual charm, it is a conceit with little to be conceited about.
Whether a fan or a newbie, you won't feel over the moon (and beyond) after seeing it.
Those who'd welcome a crazed and colorful concoction of strong British wit and interstellar insanity should have a real hoopy time with the Guide.
The movie is never dull, but it does seem to wander a bit, with an odd, almost delirious storyline that will probably put off viewers who are unfamiliar with Adams' books.
...fails for all the reasons fans feared and a few reasons nobody would have predicted.
A great film it's not, but in the 'Dear God don't screw this up' department, it passes with flying colors.
Guide is a gigantic, bizarre, science fiction, philosophical, slapstick comedy. And it's an extremely entertaining one at that.
With its heart in the right place but its mind functioning in the the wrong galactic sector, this movie feels only halfway there.
Mark Twain said, 'the human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.' Perhaps that page was torn out of the filmmakers' used copy of The Hitchhiker's Guide
A quirky, wacky comedy equally smart and silly with plenty of the Monty Python influence
Featherlight spoof loaded with grand CGI visuals...amusing, gentle satire... [but] never attains a real zaniness
Does a fine job of capturing both the wit and the heart of the books, and makes us, for a moment, miss Adams just a little less.
It's a pleasure to see and hear so much wit in a big-budget comedy, and the fine British cast of supporting actors makes every bon mot a tasty verbal morsel.
There are some inspired off-the-wall moments, but they are more than offset by a pervasive aura of tedium and the lack of any sense of the forward momentum necessary to sustain an adventure of this kind.
One is regularly bemused and broadly entertained, but never quite thrilled or seduced in the way one would be if making a discovery or encountering invention.
A pleasant surprise.
They mostly get it right, and that's enough for me.
The long-awaited film adaptation of Douglas Adams' wildly popular 1970s radio series turned book series turned British television series keeps most of the concepts and humor intact.
...it takes the pithy and subtle British wit...and dumbs it down for us poor, obtuse Americans who wouldn't known a satiric barb if it poked us in the eye.
Lost in a time warp of its own doing (or non-doing), Hitchhiker's Guide just doesn't seem terribly original.
Hugely likable.
This very funny, very British movie has sci-fi effects that are impressive yet appropriately cheesy.
Given the whole cosmos to work with, plus all of Hollywood's high-tech trickery, first-time director Garth Jennings and his collaborators have come up with nothing but a superficial sci-fi romp poking mild fun at human foibles.
The BBC did a better job with 1/10th of the budget in 1982.
Academy of Motion Pictures and Sciences take note of a rarity - a really good Best Song nominee.
An extremely pleasant, consistently amusing diversion that is never as uproarious as you might hope.
...mired in just the sort of unnecessary explication that likely would have driven (Douglas) Adams nuts.
If you haven't read Hitchhiker, I doubt if watching it will work for you.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy does prove there's nothing more painful than antic comedy that isn't really funny.
Purists may miss their favorite bits or raise eyebrows over the somewhat altered ending, but the book's goofball -- and very British -- humor survives intact.
Features a dapper young Englishman who learns to treasure his towel, to leap at love and never rest on his laurels as a member of the human race.
For the most part, this big-screen re-telling of Adams' inaugural book plays it safe, offers some solid performances and nice special effects, and provides some chuckles along the way.
Stays reasonably close to the story's whimsical rudiments.
Although clever and zany, the pacing is problematic.
Even if this new version of Hitchhiker doesn't quite capture it all, you'll still want to stick your thumb out and catch a ride.
One of those tone-deaf adaptations where they use the characters, parts of the plot and even some words from a famous book, and create something that feels nothing remotely like the book.
Fun and amusing, but somehow not quite quenching. Alas, I fear that I'm biased.
a lot of fun for fans and non-fans alike.
theater of the absurd, a Buñuel film for the zeroes
The picture is a mess... a disorganized hodgepodge of skits that generate more groans than laughs.
[W]on't make any sense to the uninitiated -- beyond the obvious nonsensical sense of frenetic action and weird aliens and laser guns going zap and such...
A movie you can't help admire, even if you, like me, end up slumped in your seat, just staring at it.
Adams would have been flattered by Jennings's lavish film debut. The graphics are fabulous. The aliens are deliciously grotesque, and Martin Freeman is inspired casting
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a mind-blowing visual and mental extravaganza that leaves you in utter awe...
That's not to say that the film sucked, just that...it wasn't my kind of movie or humor.
Along with screenwriter Karey Kirkpatrick, Adams is credited with the screenplay, which is just cruel.
It's not good enough for an audience that doesn't know anything about Douglas Adams, and it's most certainly not good enough for an audience that does.
Audiences can be grateful for the unique absurdist dimensions and freewheeling irreverence of Adams, which place the film in its own category of science-fiction comedy.
The filmmakers, while offering a completely original take on the material, are clearly disciples of the author's daffy spirit....Douglas Adams would be proud.
You don't need to be a rabid follower of the source material to know that the movie messes much of it up.
Disjointed, sometimes clever and funny satirical fantasy that is on the cusp, but just falls short.
Inheriting baggy source material, talky pic remains more smile-inducing than laugh-aloud funny and has pacing and coherence problems. Thankfully, strong visuals and sight gags punch up the package.
While the long-awaited movie version has some trouble sustaining the blissfully ironic, witty irreverence that was the Adams sensibility, the fact that it hits the nail on the head to the extent it does should come as great relief to the legions of fans.
Director Garth Jennings doesn't sustain any momentum in Hitchhiker's Guide because everything that happens is completely arbitrary...and zany!
Studiously harmless, Disney's long-in-development film rendition pasteurizes the book's renegade verve with typical means: special effects and gooey romance.
there are flashes of the old style, particularly when . . . it becomes apparent that this Zaphod Beeblebrox is none other than George W. Bush, only with a bit more panache
Jennings has delivered a film bordering on classic.
DON'T PANIC! It contains enough action, humor and memorable characters to please newcomers, without disappointing longtime fans.
The frantic action keeps us watching, although it's exhausting--like watching a feature-length trailer.
I loved this film. It's faithful, irreverent, fun, funny and in no way the disrespectful waste of celluloid Adams fans had secretly been dreading.

















@highlight

A frantic and occasional funny adaptation of Douglas Adams' novel. However, it may have those unfamiliar with the source material scratching their heads.