It's a movie for masochists, and for the most part enthralling.
The low-key thriller is as much a study in obsession and detail as it is a murder mystery, and Fincher is appropriately obsessive in his attention to detail...
The crowning achievement of its director's career, a masterwork stubbornly faithful to its source material even while transcending it.
[It's] a story about the elusive nature of evil in a world that thinks information ... will eventually solve our problems.
Among a plethora of skillful thrillers about repeat offenders in the realm of mass murder, David Fincher's wonderful film has easily become the benchmark of the modern era.
Beautifully poised, slow and sinister: a trance of expectant menace in which Fincher holds his audience until the movie's finale.
A complex crime drama that limits its action, opting to save it for the times that bring the greatest impact.
So insistent, and successful, is David Fincher at duplicating real-life hypervigilance that you may try writing a "k" in two, not three, strokes to see the difference - damning and admiring how this indisputable masterpiece drags you down the rabbit hole.
Zodiac is a great film that many true crime buffs would love due to the treatment given to the subject, and that many movie fans will admire thanks to David Fincher's direction and the performances of its cast.
Ultimately the lack of tautness in the storytelling, seemingly stemming from a desire to be as faithful as possible to Graysmith's book, costs the film dearly.
An enthrallingly unsatisfactory film, worth watching and deciphering
Zodiac is a marvel of moody photography, as it tries to capture the funereal pall hanging over a metropolitan city in the grip of fear.
...an effective reenactment of some chilling real-life events.
There are no tidy, last-minute plot twists to make you feel good in Fincher's Zodiac, just focus -- to keep an audience focused -- and the most disciplined filmmaking you've seen in forever.
[W]here Se7en, with its stygian gloom and theatrical executions, inflated the serial killer genre to gothic proportions, Zodiac lets the air back out. It is methodical rather than macabre, clinical rather than cruel.
Zodiac does a great job of showing three different paths (reporter, cop, cartoonist) in trying to capture a serial killer.
Zodiac has us ponder the frustrations of a case that won't close up tightly like your weekly CSI.
Gone are the emphatic jumps and the flying-camera-through-the-keyhole style of "Panic Room". By avoiding the superficial scares he ends up creating a more devastating dread
It is not its lack of resolution that makes Zodiac a poor film, it is its stupefying dull progression.
An all-star cast delivers in David Fincher's look into the investigation around one of history's great unsolved serial killer cases.
What makes this movie special is that really, not much happens. ,yet it's insanely gripping, even if someone is explaining discovery or flipping through a file.
Fincher, more subdued ... and aching for a return to smart suspense films from the likes of Sidney Lumet and Alan J. Pakula, pulls us by the collar into the frame and cranks the sense of menace taut without cheap tricks or cop-out gimmicks.
... with this film [Fincher] detours from the graphic violence and depravity of Se7en and Fight Club to a more psychological realm of terror.
David Fincher presents an intriguing and intelligent puzzle of a film.
Not until well into its second hour does it settle on a theme: the need to know the truth, and the dismal toll of that futile obsession.
Director David Fincher is an absolute master of psychological terror.
Fincher, the neo-Kubrick-nerd, has lost his bearings.
David Fincher's sixth feature potently blends the dynamics of the newsroom drama with those of the police procedural.
A gripping true tale of attrition and obsession.
Zodiac is, as everyone says, an unusually complex and ambitious true-crime story, and (more important) a deeply engaging study of three obsessed men.
It is a fascinating snapshot of the efforts of those who devoted their lives to solving this haunting mystery.
Gyllenhaal always manages to present a person of some sensitivity without leaning on actorish resources.
You'll leave the theater wishing it were even longer!
Zodiac is that marvel and rarity, an adult Hollywood murder thriller.
I think this is a great film.
Zodiac is a must-see.
Still, the Zodiac case remains open and continues to fascinate and intrigue. As will this film, if you let it take its time to uncover the clues.
The attention to detail in the film is remarkable.
The 158 minute running time is not only earned but vital, stretching out the years and reminding us of the sheer man-hours invested in this colossal dead-end.
I'm impressed with Fincher's delicate formal and tonal control in Zodiac's best passages...but sometimes this restraint feels like a gag in the movie's throat, or a damper on its affective potential.
A psycho-killer detective story with a less-than-thrilling pace and length.
A film of flailing loose ends, an epic of frustration. The suspense lies not in when the murderer is going to be caught, but whether, and how.
Encouraging the audience to draw their own conclusions, this moody masterpiece is up there with David Fincher's best.
It is riveting from the start, a compelling stranger-than-fiction story that feels satisfyingly resolved despite the lack of a definitive ending.
Downey steals the show with yet another inspired performance, while his co-stars deliver solid turns aided by Fincher's meticulous direction.
You sense that inside this meaty, 157-minute opus there's a six-hour mini-series just itching to get out.
Lucid and forceful, Zodiac is sensational in the right way.
Represents a bit of a departure of sorts for David Fincher, since this chilling crime saga is surprisingly understated in tone in comparison to some of his earlier, highly-stylized productions.
Rich in period detail and dripping with style, the two-and-a-half-plus hours movie holds one's attention throughout.
A stuffed package, a densely woven tapestry of data and entertainment.
More realistic-feeling than David Fincher's previous films, yet equally tense and fascinating, Zodiac is the work of a mature, sure-handed director.
It's a deceptively rich film.
The director has made his most -- and maybe his first -- personal film.
This is an intelligent, persuasively acted, superbly photographed film, with a subtle score by David Shire, who was chosen because Fincher admired his work on The Conversation and All the President's Men.
Fincher creates a righteous epic about San Francisco's Zodiac killer and in so doing offers a cathartic close to the exact kind of serial tomes that made his name as an a-list moviemaker.
Zodiac is a thoroughly engrossing, brilliantly directed and superbly acted thriller that is quite simply one of the best films of the year. Unmissable.
Fincher manages the pace brilliantly, making the viewer feel as frustrated, paranoid and, most importantly, driven, as the film's characters.
Un thriller fuera de lo común, que prioriza la investigación y la acumulación de pistas sobre la acción y el suspenso.
Fincher's most mature work to date will earn respect over time.
Mais um esforço brilhante de um diretor que inexplicavelmente ainda não alcançou o amplo reconhecimento que já merece há muitos anos.
It is impossible not to enjoy Zodiac: if enjoy is the word for a picture so often scary and stomach-turning.
... this gripping character study becomes more agonisingly suspenseful as it gets closer to an answer that can't be confirmed.
I don't expect to see a better crime movie this year.
Several bravura suspense sequences - can't help but recall slasher convention.
Fincher is on top form: this is his best, most mature film yet.
The visuals and the performances (excepting my Gyllenhaal quibbles) are across-the-board fantastic, and there are both scares and suspense aplenty, even for those already fairly familiar with the case.
Leave it to Fincher to reinvent the serial killer thriller.
Zodiac s'inscrit dans une nouvelle lignée de grandes productions hollywoodiennes mettant finalement l'emphase sur l'élégance et l'ingéniosité plutôt que les effets tapageurs.
Worth seeing more for its thoughtful attention to detail than its satisfying completeness.
Fincher's second foray into serial killer territory...is purposefully low-key.
As Zodiac imposed a brutal truth on communities of past and potential prey, he was also and always a horrific fiction.
Zodiac is never anything less than completely enthralling.
That was cool!
The investigation and the film are both long and the final conclusion the film reaches is dubious. Still, it makes for a tense if grim true-crime thriller.
A welcome change from the witless murder-mysteries that usually clog our multiplexes.
Missing the operatic sense of doom that helped characterize 1995's Seven, Zodiac's effort to avoid sensationalism conversely becomes disrespectfully unemotive.
It's a movie that, like the case it is based on, builds your interest and retains it with its immaculate attention to detail.
A clinical but ominous approach, weighing the hunted against the hunters in a world where unhealthy obsessions rule.
The story is built beam by beam, but Fincher tweaks the final design of what we expect in the architecture of a serial killer movie.
Any honest neurotic could probably tell you: the emotional payoff of an obsession is not attaining some longed-for goal -- it's the obsession itself, which fulfills certain needs.
...sturdy performances from a pedigreed cast...
The best film of the year so far.
'Panic Room' director David Fincher's latest movie is a fact-based thriller with little action and frustrated heroes who can't quite bring a serial killer to justice. Believe it or not, these are the film's strengths.
The implications of the Zodiac murders ... still hold bearing today.
For someone to conjure up such a bitter, impotent, darkly frustrated, and ultimately mystified picture of contemporary society, trusted domestic institutions, and individual agency in such a time of external unrest and mistrust is stifling and powerful fe
The mesmerizing journey of the investigation is rewarding if not completely satisfying.
The 'stars' definitely aligned to make this picture work.
easily the best film of the year so far.
You don't need a tidy ending when the payoff is the whole film.
Zodiac crackles with a kind of corrupt electricity, an overriding feeling of discomfort that makes even the conversations between couples ache with an aura of unease.
the performances are dang-on across the board, and even though the formal protagonist shifts around a bit, the major characters played by Gyllenhaal, Downey Jr and Ruffalo have fascinating arcs.
There's something to be said for a 158-minute movie that manages to hold your attention; still, it's just not the great accomplishment it's been painted as.
Maybe the movie is less about finding the answer than the intricacy of the mystery itself, in the remarkable -- outright shocking -- persistence of those determined to bring a guilty man to justice.
The all-star lineup of actors is impressive without a shadow of a doubt.
The definitive movie on the Zodiac investigation.
A Slow Burn of Fincher Goodness
Even though Zodiac doesn't tie itself into a tight knot of grisly finality after two hours and 40 minutes, David Fincher fans can look forward to a meticulous, intriguing case study.
From Dragnet to Cops, pop culture loves to enforce the myth that the police always get their man. In a sign of our skeptical times, Zodiac reverses the equation: It's the bad guy who gets the police.
Zodiac is long -- over two and a half hours -- but when it's over, you almost wish it had gone on for another 20 minutes.
At over two and half hours and spanning nearly four decades, David Fincher's "Zodiac" is a sensory overload of information that, though frustratingly inconclusive most of the time, manages to maintain a tight and steady pace
As the Zodiac case fizzles out, the movie appears to contort itself.
The film's interest is in the tireless legwork of detective work, which is accurately portrayed, though which also is so tedious, the film can't help but follow suit.
Lots of sick things were creepycrawling through the zeitgeist back then ... It's there ... in the flashing hard eyes of Gyllenhaal's Graysmith, a young artist discovering, not exactly to his horror, that his metier is murder.
Revisits the infamous serial killer known as the Zodiac.
Fincher deftly combines art and commerce by providing some violence with a principal interest in narrative detail.
As ungainly as Zodiac is, it never loses your interest.
This movie just goes on and on and on, with a marked lack of dramatic tension. Two hours forty minutes, but if you blink you miss the guy they blame for the killings.
Exquisitely crafted, with 3 or 4 kick-ass set pieces and remarkable casting, but rather bloated at 158 minutes and ultimately somewhat hollow.
Despite Fincher's gritty atmosphere of ominous dread, the characters are simplistic and sketchy, there's little fear and suspense and no satisfactory conclusion. Tedious!
Low-key but all the more compelling for it, Zodiac is the first must-see movie of 2007.
Zodiac, the latest film from director David Fincher, is among his best
These days, TV overflows with crime dramas done as police procedurals, but no movie has gone further in portraying an investigation as an unpredictable organism than Zodiac.
Zodiac is the rare serial-killer movie in which the psychosis stems as much from the pursuers (and the filmmaker) as the pursued.
A modern American masterpiece.
The performances are quite good across the board, if a tad downplayed.
When it's over I can't help feeling as disappointed as the cops must have been -- which might actually be a testament to the film's proficiency.
David Fincher has taken this puzzling case and fashioned it into a taut police procedural.
Zodiac is an exhaustive (and exhausting) tale, made compelling by strong performances from Ruffalo and Downey and by a more restrained Fincher
[An] absorbingly sadistic psychological whodunnit. Fixating in its gripping hold, Zodiac is convincingly haunting in its head-scratching mode.
David Fincher proves that you don't need resolution to make a compelling serial killer movie.
Zodiac works as a depiction of a criminal investigation, but even more than that it works as an examination of how a tough-to-catch criminal eats away at those who seek to apprehend him.
Technically, Zodiac is as flawless a film as you may see all year.
I'm certain I'm not the only one who'll make this comparison, but Zodiac could be the All the President's Men of serial killer movies.
A chilling exercise in soul-eroding anxiety.
It makes you want to study it even more closely, in search of things you might have missed, trailing after leads that flash by in the relentless momentum of going nowhere fast. If you're not careful, it might make you obsessed.
David Fincher's grim but mesmerizing Zodiac offers the puzzle-solving addictiveness of a detective story, the shivers of a thriller and the allure of a character study, all presented with a dash of newspaper drama.
For all its dramatic flaws, Zodiac deserves praise for not choosing the easy route.
At more than 2- 1/2 hours, Zodiac is like a deep, involving book, a page-turner that you can't put down. You keep reading and, in this case, you keep watching.
A less-skillful director might, say, up the fog quotient for a film about murder and San Francisco. But you get the feeling that Fincher researched the old weather reports for every day depicted in the film.
Even though this odyssey fails to reach its destination, you'll be grateful you took the fascinating and sometimes frightening ride.
The director has taken a depressing topic and used it as the basis for the most exhilarating movie so far this year.
Zodiac doesn't have a 'make my day' hook, but it may capture the mood of a country that faces a sadistic, implacable adversary just beyond its reach, and is destined to remain so.
You have Fincher's amazing technique.
For a director whose earlier films include the influential Seven and cult-fave Fight Club, the results are merely good -- not great.
Without a persuasive ending, Zodiac is an exercise in frustration.
In stripping Zodiac down to just-the-facts-ma'am basics, Fincher has made a film in the inscrutable image of the very case it explores.
Reminds us what great filmmaking is all about. There isn't a false note anywhere.
Fincher and screenwriter James Vanderbilt, who spent more than a year researching the script, have made one of the most detailed, factually scrupulous crime dramas to ever come out of a Hollywood studio.
An obsessive, ambiguous movie about obsessives struggling with ambiguity. And, yes, it's as fascinating and frustrating as that sounds.
It's an existential thriller in the most literal sense.
Fincher has made what may very well be his masterpiece.
The most perverse thing about Zodiac isn't that its Hollywood's umpteenth serial-killer flick, when such crimes are rare in reality. It's that Zodiac, though based on actual crimes, is one of the dullest of these films to date.
The most provocative aspect of this compulsive riddle is how it resists closure.
The realistic tone should get him critical respect, but fans will still recognize the handiwork they love.
The Zodiac killer was never found. Dealing with a murder mystery that's still unsolved gives Fincher shaky enough ground for drama. Add in a protagonist who seems driven by a vacuum, and you pretty much have a movie about nothing going nowhere.
Zodiac is not only smart and calculated -- it's in it for the long haul.
Fincher has told a sprawling story about crime and fear and those whose lives are transformed by both.
Have no doubts, director David Fincher makes movies that rattle. Even when they're not wholly successful.
Fincher keeps us at arm's length from the detectives and journalists driving themselves to distraction as they trail an elusive serial killer.
The movie feels like a giant canvas that has been painstakingly crafted. It's murky in atmosphere -- shooting entirely on digital video nicely realizes Fincher's predilection for dark and gloomy -- yet rich with detail.
What makes Zodiac authentic is the way it avoids chases, shootouts, grandstanding and false climaxes, and just follows the methodical progress of police work.
A sprawling, unfocused film that nonetheless retains viewer interest due to arresting performances by a cast of indie heavyweights and the visual virtuosity of thriller auteur David Fincher.
A long work of completely sustained suspense and dark humor.
At over two-and-a-half hours of dead-ends and bedevilment, there isn't enough intrigue to justify the empirical extents Fincher is intent on mapping.
The film is a remarkable achievement, and for audiences so used to the ordinary watching something as fantastic as this might just be a revelation.
By showing us the details in carefully-wrought, exacting fashion, Fincher and screenwriter James Vanderbilt turn the hunt for the Zodiac killer into thrilling, exciting cinema -- and the best true-life tale of detection we've had on the big screen since A
The workaday grind of its heroes gives it a unique feeling that few thrillers can match.
...it leaves us not with a satisfying moment of vengeance, but with a new respect for the hard and often unrewarding work of police detectives and journalists...
"Zodiac" bears little resemblance to Fincher's hyper-violent 1995 serial-killer hit "Se7en." This film is more ambitious and far more subtle %u2014 it's an essay in ambiguity. And while it's a long picture, it doesn't feel long at all. I wanted it to keep
The corpus delicti that motivates Fincher's fact-based body count epic is as large and sprawling as Goliath and as undead as a vampire: It's America's obsession with serial killers, and the fear of chaos that this fascination represents.
These [types of] films are often fascinating to those with patience, and Zodiac is no exception.
[A] confrontation with evil that isn't quite like anything we've seen on film before...
The best film of its kind since All the President's Men.
It is at once a police procedural and an epic look at the ruined lives of the men who hunted the Zodiac killer down until they reached a breaking point.
sometimes agonizingly intense... Some of the sequences here... are as nerve-wracking as the scariest moments in 'The Silence of the Lambs' or any other fictional serial-killer shocker.
It's a long, confusing ride, but that was the nature of the case. That's what made the film seem so real.
David Fincher's magnificently obsessive new film Zodiac is part police procedural, part monster movie, a funereal entertainment that is a testament to this cinematic savant's gifts.
Zodiac dramatizes the search for the serial killer, the lengths to which amateurs and professionals pursued the case and the toll that exacted.
I would recommend giving this one a look. Just don't plan on being home early.
It sounds maddening, and it sort of is, in an exhilarating way -- much like hunting for a serial killer you can't catch.
Zodiac gets under your skin to the point you'll be dying to know who the killer is.
Reverent docudrama...to those completely unfamiliar with the case, Zodiac should be every bit as satisfying as a true-crime paperback.
David Fincher's Zodiac begins by announcing itself as being based on actual case files. Then it spends the next two-and-a-half hours proving it.
even if you do know how it ends, this movie still reaches thrilling and fascinating heights when it most needs to.
Zodiac is a meandering, bland film that clocks in at nearly three hours and feels like at least eight.
Director David Fincher wisely makes this story not about the monster, but about our fascination with monsters.
Methodical and mesmerizing
It may not be his [Fincher's] most groundbreaking film, but it is one of his most important ones.
Fincher shelves his usual bag of tricks and shoots the picture like a distanced classic Pakula film from the mid-1970s, down to the severe emphasis on character dimension over the sexual allure of thrill-based options.
Overlong and lacking dramatic focus, the film nevertheless captures the dark allure that the unsolved crimes had on the region over a 22-year period.
...uses the best elements of Fincher's previous work...to service a mature investigative thriller with a distinct creep factor.
Zodiac is all about Fincher's personal enthusiasms and obsessions. It takes a mighty big ego to steal the show from a serial killer. Apparently, Fincher's just the guy for the job.
Zodiac has perhaps the most perfect tagline for a movie of its mannered intricacy in years, and an evocative, metaphorically-on-point poster to boot.
Fincher has crafted a completely engrossing "true" crime saga that holds our attention consistently for more than two and a half hours.
Robert Downey Jr. in particular thrives as an old school, cocky newsman who appears to be auditioning for a Leaving Las Vegas sequel.
David Fincher's sprawling, lavishly produced Zodiac is, in my estimation, more than a good movie.
Obsession is the real subject here, and obsessing about anything briskly doesn't count. Yet the film also feels self-obsessed, an intriguing drama that slowly devolves into a bleak meditation on the absence of dramatics.
You'll feel a chill in the theater, and in your blood.
Above all else, Zodiac is a dazzling period piece that manages, in almost every scene, to eerily capture the mood of its principal era -- the '70s -- and shrewdly comments on how the computer has made it as distant to us as the Middle Ages.
With its unhurried pace and cerebrally engaging plot, Zodiac is an unusually haunting and compelling horror film.
Zodiac's exhaustive attention to minute facts and theories forms a parallel not only with Graysmith and Toschi's fanatical need to nab the killer but also the director's own perfectionist filmmaking methods.
Zodiac is fascinating and engrossing and realistic and every bit as unsatisfying as real life and real police work often are.
A film that is both emotionally and intellectually unsettling.
The doggedness of the pursuit, the painstaking accumulation of clues, has its own inherent drama.
Fincher leads us down little dark alleys and side streets, and we're never quite sure who might jump out to be the killer. After three decades, details of the case have faded from public consciousness, so the movie is surprising at times.
An absorbing, hugely ambitious, richly textured entertainment, and one of the better releases of a still-early year.
It's fascinating and unexpected both in its simple, looming images and its storytelling priorities, which may not intersect with the priorities of audiences who couldn't get enough of Se7en.
The movie, directed by David Fincher, is not without value, if it's largely without drama.
Although Zodiac is not what most people want or expect, it is a fairly fantastic work of slow-burning eeriness.
The characters' need to know the truth is contagious, and you'll leave the theater feeling inquisitive and desperate to read the book.
Without due process or a culprit to wrap up the story line, Zodiac needs a more solid center on which to hang its story.
Quite simply, this is a great, great movie.
The movie provides a crackling chase narrative that should please fans of the dozen or so police procedurals already on TV, but it can't deliver what it doesn't have.
Zodiac runs long, about 21/2 hours, but it also runs fast, at a heart-pounding pace over four major characters and 22 years. There's not an ounce of fat on any sequence or performance.
Overall, the movie's a sprawling mess. But its twitchier particulars dare you to hold them up for further, if cautious, scrutiny.
Fincher does keep this bubbling along, ably assisted by a cast that includes Mark Ruffalo, Robert Downey Jr., Chloe Sevigny, Elias Koteas, and Philip Baker Hall.
[Zodiac packs] a quarter-century of scrupulously observed detail into its length without repeating itself or wearing out its welcome.
Staying true to its real-life scenario, the film gets mired in the inevitable red tape of police investigations, [and it] switches focus enough times to make you think it's three movies instead of one.
There's definitely the potential for a crassly manipulative gore-fest here. But Fincher's near-epic-length film is instead a complex, multi-layered, two-pronged account of the case.
When even David Fincher can't make a compelling, innovative Zodiac Killer film, it's time to hang up the old ciphers.
A long movie with lots of suspects and details but no pay-off.
Though Zodiac is structurally unwieldy and sags at times, as a whole it's still a procedural with kick...an atmospheric and mostly absorbing film.
At every level of production and execution, Fincher meticulously crafts the true-crime mystery as a social phenomenon that touched the lives of many and ruined the lives of more than a few.
The fixated cop is a thriller cliche, but Fincher helps us understand how you could become addicted to the prospect of finding just one more clue around the next corner.
Very little of it works as well as it should, but somehow the strength of his obsessive, single-minded direction makes you overlook all that.
Patient viewers will be rewarded; others may wish for something with less subtlety and more verve.
Make no mistake, you will be hooked and creeped out big time.
"Zodiac" is an exceedingly long film that earns every bit of its length, hypnotizing the audience in its sticky procedural network.
Zodiac feels a lot like a masterpiece... [it's] like quicksand, inexorably drawing you deeper and deeper into itself.
The film is just as creepy as any slasher-fest, but without the facade of fantasy, it resonates much more deeply, violating the audience's sense of security and its illusion of a world with happy endings and a guilty party made to pay.
Welcome to reality mainstream film!
[Fincher's] most impressive monolith to date, a sprawling, three-decade-spanning infodump that, for all its virtuosity, occasionally feels like being locked in the file cabinet of a conspiracy junkie.
Mr. Fincher's flair for casting is the major asset of his curiously attenuated return to the serial-killer genre.
[A] stark, terrifying and magnificently directed and researched crime thriller.
Zodiac leaves us haunted by the knowledge that he's looking for something that can't be found: a way to make the monsters go away.
... a methodically paced and fascinatingly cerebral piece of work that had me on the edge of my seat the entire time.
Deftly maintains a methodical rhythm of fear and anxiety.
Fincher...meticulously avoids cinematic hyperbole, which is what gives Zodiac such uncommon authenticity.
A brilliantly sustained aria of obsession and failure, Zodiac is an absurdly entertaining, two-and-a-half-hour, $75 million shriek of alpha-male OCD impotence.
David Fincher has achieved a new level of filmmaking to create a true crime thriller that's surprising in how thoroughly it reveals the facts and details of the case without ever being tedious or exploitative.
At nearly three hours, and without a single hobbit in the cast, Zodiac is the sort of vast, richly involving pop epic that Hollywood largely seems incapable of making anymore.
This relentlessly swift film super-charges every minute with a maximum of minutiae. Dizzyingly dense, intricate in the extreme, Zodiac is the most information-packed procedural since JFK.
The movie holds you in its grip from start to finish.
Zodiac certainly has its moments, but it's no masterpiece.
I don't think Fincher can relate much to moral outrage. What occupies him is how to send you home antsy, unsure of what you've seen but sure it was worse than you think. He gives you the existential willies.
The exhaustive detail of psychological combat against a clever and elusive madman pays off with all the drama of a mental cat-and-mouse-game thriller.
Conveying an astonishing array of information across a long narrative arc while still maintaining dramatic rhythm and tension, this adaptation of Robert Graysmith's bestseller reps by far director David Fincher's most mature and accomplished work.
The stars align in David Fincher's chillingly effective hybrid thriller.
The second film in the last 12 months about the never-solved Zodiac killings...Fincher's is the more ambitious, thorough and better of the two.
Fincher's best work since Se7en is a sprawling American masterpiece that combines epic-scale psychological thriller, suspenseful procedural policier, and poignant newsroom drama, with a splendid ensemble headed by Robert Downey in an Oscar-caliber turn.


@highlight

A quiet, dialogue-driven thriller that delivers with scene after scene of gut-wrenching anxiety. David Fincher also spends more time illustrating nuances of his characters and recreating the mood of the 70s than he does on gory details of murder.