The plot and casting call for so much suspension of belief it makes "happily ever after" seem a realistic proposition.
Normally, I'm not keen on comedies that resort to old-fashioned slapstick... And The Big Wedding certainly falls into that category... Yet it just about gets away with it, rescued by a genuinely funny, if deeply contrived, script, and a top-notch cast.
Peculiarly set on proving that puerile gags aren't just for youths, this gross-out comedy, presumably aimed at oldies, is just about watchable thanks to [its] cast...though why they signed up remains utterly mystifying.
The unnecessarily complicated plot would have been tough to squeeze into any movie, let alone a 90-minute one. Needless to say, it is quite choppy.
Some scripts can be saved by a good cast that delivers the material with as much chutzpah as possible. And then there are some that are simply unsalvageably dreadful.
Não é apenas uma má comédia; é mau Cinema.
The goofy characters waltz through plenty of offbeat situations, but that's not enough because quirky and funny are not synonymous.
What it desperately needed was more originality. I suppose Zackham thought that if he just got a great cast and sprinkled enough humor into it, then those would be enough to cover up all the flaws in the script. Unfortunately, he was very much mistaken.
Behold the unholy matrimony of hack-job romance and whack-job comedy. Witness the blindingly bleached marriage of house-porn and cocky Caucasian privilege. Suffer the union of former A-list stars and express-cashed paycheques.
Built on chaotically disparate tones and extremely broad jokes that never hit their mark, The Big Wedding is completely devoid of laughs.
Sinks to new levels of horrid.
At least somebody does fall in the swimming pool. It's Robert De Niro. Unfortunately, he resurfaces.
With De Niro inexcusably using what is for many people the single most obscene swear word, this is well off target.
An all-star cast very nearly goes down with the ship as filmmaker Justin Zackham (The Bucket List) indulges in relentlessly farcical silliness.
Big wedding? Big fat nothing, more like.
"Oh God, this is humiliating," trills Diane Keaton and she never said a truer word.
This is not so much Meet The Fockers as meet the shockers. The jokes are something old, nothing new, mainly borrowed and sadly blue. De Niro is a shadow of his former shelf, not so much Taxi Driver as taxidermy.
Disappointing, poorly conceived comedy that's both emotionally unconvincing and depressingly low on laughs, though the performances ensure that it remains watchable.
Pure claw-your-eyes-out cinema.
This is one of those farces you come away from thinking the French would have done better. Then you discover that the French have already done it, and better.
It's not the sheer predictability of the ensuing frolics that's hardest to take, or even the dismal attempts at humour ... but the sheer misery of watching actors you once respected demean themselves in such utterly worthless fodder.
A frothy and harmless confection that squanders the on-screen talent.
You'll run out of appendages on which to count the clichés.
While it's nice to see talents like Keaton and Sarandon in The Big Wedding, it's ultimately frustrating seeing their talents wasted in Zackham's paper-thin excuse for a rom-com.
We don't.
The jokes are squeezed from the ragged plot with the grace of an arthritic senior citizen trying to get milk out of a coconut by hand.
One can only assume there was a big fat paycheck involved for the likes of Robert De Niro, Susan Sarandon and Diane Keaton to negotiate a script with such lack of ambition, laughs and insight.
Involves four Academy Award winners, all cruelly wasted on roles unworthy of them.
Weddings can often be occasions of trauma, as well as joy, and so it proves with this ensemble comedy. Well - minus the joy, that is.
The film is only endurable to those who can blank out the memory of what [De Niro] did when he was young and what he once meant to us.
The beigest film ever made.
Absolutely every character ends the movie on an upbeat note, proving that weddings are the best situations for solving peoples' problems.
Wedding isn't telling a story so much as selling a lifestyle - one that, rather like Heigl's morning sickness, makes you want to vomit.
As bland as a box of beige rocks.
It's not a bad film by any means, and there is some fizz seeing Sarandon, Keaton and De Niro bounce off each other, verbally and physically. Yet the film seems stuck in first gear, seemingly reluctant to dial up its screwball potential.
Barring a few off-color jokes, though, the movie feels like a Carol Burnett sketch dragged out to feature length.
"Big" is an awfully ambitious modifier to affix to this pale wisp of a film.
All of the actors, young and old alike, look plastic, and the characters' big revelations -- pregnant, lesbian, had an affair, etc. -- all feel plastic.
Vulgar, witless, and an insult to its stars and its audience.
It simply takes all the things you've seen in other wedding movies and recycles them, all while pretending you're dumb enough not to notice.
The Big Wedding is not a classic, or even really memorable, by any means, but considering the pit it starts at, it gets off light. And that's better than usual.
Can I just say that The Big Wedding smells from herring and be done with it?
It's tired and dated with too few laughs to justify the stultifying attempts at drama and the impossible-to-swallow plot contortions.
For a movie ultimately about what freaks we all are behind the fronts we build for the sake of normalcy, the apathetically performed The Big Wedding couldn't possibly be more square.
Ten minutes into this one and I was all set to hack off my arm "127 Hours"-style in order to escape and I wasn't even pinned underneath anything but a mounting sense of dread.
An incoherent string of crude skits, including one where Robert De Niro sheepishly sports a substance-eating grin after being caught performing cunnilingus between a widespread pair of naked legs. Look! A falling star! Make a wish!
Katherine Heigl puked on Robert De Niro, and he still had a better time than I did at The Big Wedding.
Looks great, some terrific ingredients, but when you slice it up, what a disappointment.
I'm... pleased?... not sure if that's the right word... surprised or relieved, maybe, like finding out you get to be the front part of the human centipede... to report that this not-very-good wedding farce is also not the worst film of all time.
It's a movie packed with purportedly smart characters making the sort of absurdly contrived decisions that haven't been seen since "Three's Company" went off the air.
What was once an amusing French farce has become a crass, crude, mean-spirited, smarmy mess.
Sarandon, Keaton and De Niro mesh beautifully, fully convincing as a trio of old friends and carting in lots of characterization that would be otherwise lacking in Zackham's rote screenplay.
Their idea of a minority is, in all seriousness, a British dude painted orange.
When Robert DeNiro says things like "poon job," it hurts our ears and probably leaves a bad taste in his mouth.
Makes 'Meet the Parents' look like 'Ninotchka.'
De Niro, Keaton and Sarandon seem genuinely interested in developing their characters' complex relationship history into something that overcomes mindless cliché.
Though the seasoned cast are certainly game, the heartfelt nature of Zackham's screenplay and the message that sometimes we must lie in order to protect our loved ones combine to make this one strange stew in which the various ingredients clash.
There isn't a single component of this entirely tedious exercise that hasn't been seen before, including the plot itself.
For all its surface amiability, The Big Wedding might be one of the more frustrating films of the year.
The Big Wedding is a would-be screwball comedy that forgets to throw in the screws.
The Big Wedding is an occasionally charming and, overall, strangely watchable variation in the dysfunctional wedding comedy subgenre.
Yet another comedy about a wacky weekend wedding for wealthy WASPs.
Award-winning actors wasted in forgettable, racy comedy.
Many Hollywood films are founded on privilege, but few are as open and nasty about their racism, misogyny, and homophobia. It's a feel-good movie for people who only comfortable around people who look and act just like them.
An extended sitcom with a particularly raunchy streak that grows more and more artificial and hard to stomach as it proceeds.
How one could employ the talents of such major stars as Robert DeNiro, Diane Keaton, Susan Sarandon and Robin Williams, and then provide them with such wretched dialogue, is beyond me.
Outside of a chuckle here and there, I didn't laugh. Neither will you.
Without going back over my notes, the flick has already begun to slip from my consciousness and undoubtedly will soon meld with any number of other wedding-based films from the past few decades. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
Unlikable, unthinkable, and unwatchable, The Big Wedding proves that bright stars and a reliable romantic event is no match for an ugly and tone-deaf screenplay, chased by amateur direction.
The Big Wedding aims low and achieves every aspiration.
I suppose it's always nice to get an invitation but please, this "Wedding"? Send back your regrets.
This is like a bad eighties-sitcom, with the characters acting in a way that suggests the film was written by aliens who've only ever heard humans speak though watching DVDs they found in a trash bin outside a suburban Wal-Mart.
I didn't laugh at the racist jokes about brown-skinned Colombians or gasp at the revelation that a prissy woman is gay, though those tacky moments did at least break the torpor.
If we're going to continue to make French comedies into American films, then we must insist France write something original. Please.
It's best not to use your brain when watching The Big Wedding.
It has no value other than to remind us that these people have made better, similar films that we can rent.
A shining example of a dull studio comedy.
Imagine a terrible TV sitcom stretched, horribly and inexplicably, to 90 minutes, and you've got the general idea of The Big Wedding.
It never feels real, and its only saving grace is that it clocks in at a mercifully short 90 minutes, which is just about the amount of time you need to realize you never want to see these characters ever again.
"The Big Wedding" doesn't have a single moment of recognizable humanity.
Sadly, superior talent can propel a movie only so far. Bad scripts beget bad movies, even when four Academy Award winners are involved.
[It]makes one wonder what kind of salacious info writer/director Justin Zackham has for blackmail purposes to get a cast like this to agree to appear in a movie this bad.
We appreciate the cast and Zackham's attempted avoidance of cliche. Too bad it's just not very funny.
The Big Wedding is the kind of movie where casting Christine Ebersole as a woman named Muffin is seen as the height of comedy. No thanks.
It's a mess, and not in a good way.
Like many big weddings - a lot of things go wrong and not much goes right.
This movie plays like an episode of "Gilligan's Island" done as straight as an episode of "Lost."
Broad, coarse and crude -- but bottom line? A lot of good actors land more than a few laughs.
The screenplay is chopped up into smutty sound bites constructed around the notion that casual obscenity delivered by respected actors of a certain age is hilarious. But it's just embarrassing.
A game cast and lots of gamey R-rated shenanigans can't compensate for the silly comic contrivances that dominate The Big Wedding.
It might take a glass of champagne or two to get through The Big Wedding.
The film isn't so much funny as it is merely amusing - a laundry list of inappropriate and potentially embarrassing moments that strive mightily, but never quite manage to land the laugh.
Comedy about a wedding where the groom's divorced parents must pretend to still be married. The production should have been annulled.
The quiet moments feel just as contrived as the manic flailing that repeatedly sends characters tumbling into swimming pools and other bodies of water.
An ensemble comedy with a tonal cluelessness as surprising as the name cast that signed on for it anyway.
"I'd rather gouge my eyes out with hot spoons!'' De Niro exclaims at one point. I'm not sure exactly what he was talking about, but I'd like to think it referred to the prospect of being forced to watch "The Big Wedding.''
In order to pull off this sort of business, the pace should be breakneck, there shouldn't be an extra second to contemplate the moral lapses and betrayals. Alas, The Big Wedding, which inches along like a stoned snail, gives us all the time in the world.
It's almost impressive how the moronic new ensemble comedy The Big Wedding manages to cram three hours' worth of nonsensical subplots, extraneous characters, and implausible plot points into 90 minutes of streamlined idiocy.
Movie-family weddings are like real ones. Some faces are welcome, some you dread and others have had work done. But they all get tiresome quickly.
There is only one thing to do when you set up a comic machine that doesn't fire -- and that's to go sentimental. But if everybody is behaving like a stock comic type, that's not going to work, either.
This is an American movie trying, strenuously, to "swing" a little. The slapstick is broad and generally awkward.
The movie is bland hackwork; its crime isn't incompetence, but indifference.
A film without any true concept of what it's trying to accomplish.
The film was delayed from the fall, assumedly so if the Mayan apocalypse really hit, the cast could have a silver lining.
Lines such as, "Who do you have to lynch for a Cosmo around here?" pass for a version of humor that only a Mississippi slave owner in 1858 would likely find funny.

@highlight

The Big Wedding 's all-star cast is stranded in a contrived, strained plot that features broad stabs at humor but few laughs.