Rosi instils "Fire at Sea" with a naturalist rhythm that echoes the ebb and flow of the tides, with their waves breaking over Lambedusa's minimally-lit shoreline.
Italy's treatment of refugees shows that the country of pasta and pizza has more soul that our current administration here in the U.S.
The film raises more questions about collective coping than it answers, yet it's the deft contrast between these parallel blades of Rosi's double-edged sword that ultimately pierces.
Despite the grim nature of its subject, Rosi's film is starkly beautiful.
Eritrean-Italian filmmaker Gianfranco Rosi shot his fifth documentary, Fire at Sea (Fuocoammare), with such care that it often feels more like a narrative feature than a nonfiction film.
Rosi celebrates the harsh beauty of the island in many long shots, as well as the humanity and patience of the islanders.
Fire at Sea is a powerful, and beautifully shot, look at the migrant crisis-one that manages to subvert viewer expectations of what has become for many a familiar news subject.
The ongoing crisis is mediated by technology, but those involved have the simplest of rituals and hopes, and the film's observational focus - stripped of narration and a score - builds into a compelling experience.
A documentary structured as a warm and avant-garde album of glittering images to slow political-poetic fire. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a stirring testament to humanity when the patient voice of the marine patrol addresses the panicked refugees on their boat's radio.
Who needs voiceovers when a director's camera has this much to say?
A fascinating study in contrasts, "Fire at Sea' shows how the normal and painfully abnormal exist side by side - the horrific and the serene, the tragic and the mundane, global crisis and daily humdrum.
The end result is transporting, but also moving; it's a wake-up call, asking us to think about how much attention we really pay to what's around us, and - perhaps more importantly - what to do about it?
A current, unmissable and noisy film, not because of what you will hear, but because of its outrageous repercussions, that maybe someday they will reach the right ears. [Full review in Spanish]
A reflexive and hard critic that becomes a necessary instrument to show the prevailing level of dehumanization in society. [Full review in Spanish]
Demolishing and poetic, hard and intelligent. Rosi's work moves away from sentimentalism and obvious narrative resources to build a free and unconventional documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
A film in which the aesthetic probably devours some of the impact but the serious, inmediate and mortal problems are clearly exposed. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a documentary about two different things, connected by a single thread. The only thing connecting these two stories is a doctor, Pietro Bartolo. He treats both the residents of Lampedusa, and he treats the refugees as well.
A film that manages to establish a dichotomy between the peaceful life of the inhabitants of Lampedusa, and the tragedy of whole families who desperately seek a better life. [Full review in Spanish]
[A] potent near-parable of a documentary.
Rosi offers a simple, stark contrast between quiet moments of everyday life and tragedy as mass fleeing results in sunken boats, horrific injuries and death.
Fire at Sea is the kind of film that, without ever seeming to harass or harangue the viewer, could well change minds and save lives; a small film, certainly, but no mean feat.
Though conceived as a humanitarian statement, the movie wouldn't be as memorable or challenging without its quotidian aspect.
An uncommonly observant film.
We feel the bewilderment of the parochial yet decent residents, the helplessness of the well-intentioned yet overwhelmed rescuers, and the anguish and disorientation of the refugees.
Rosi moves in and out of stories. The pastoral life of the island is apart from the humanity crashing to the shore. The images he finds are bold, from the gentle to the dire. [H]ope is in limited supply,contrasting with the seawater that seems limitless.
Observant and poignant documentary.
The relatively normal lives of the locals are contrasted by the frantic attempts of the desperate refugees to reach the "promised land."
It looks and moves like a clearheaded observational drama but is devastatingly, inescapably real.
Sea sounds alternate cries for help and mercy and the timeless songs of a culture changing too fast.
Fire at Sea meditates on how life can go on even with a front-row seat to unspeakable misery and injustice. After all, someone still has to make the pasta and take listener requests.
Unspoken but suggested by the subtext and title of Fire at Sea is that some First World countries profit from war, while other First World countries -- hell, sometimes the same First World countries -- are left to clean up the mess.
A heartbreaking look of one of the most complex and sad phenomena of our times. [Full review in Spanish]
What makes the movie worth seeing, is the sequence with the Africans chanting in the detention center about making it from Africa, through the scorching Sudanese desert and Libya, to Lampedusa.
If you think you know how a documentary about the European migrant/refugee crisis will play out, Fire at Sea will surprise.
Fire at Sea is a shining example of journalism fueled by outrage and shaped by free-ranging curiosity.
What "Fire at Sea" appears to be and what it is are not the same thing, and it's that difference that makes it a masterful documentary.
Rosi films the migrants empathetically but sentimentally; he depicts helicopters and ships with bombastic grandeur. What's more, half the movie has nothing to do with migrants ...
As horrifying as the scenes of suffering and apparent if not imminent death are for these migrants, Rosi situates them as backdrop to the ordinary or humorous lives of oblivious locals. And continuing a Western tradition of exotic rendering of the Other.
Brings viewer along an extended stay on European front line in refugee crisis...The very visceral scenes...will hopefully help bring the migrants' plight to wider attention.
Rosi completely fails to connect the two sides of the story together.
As laudable as the movie is, it does not quite achieve greatness. That's the fault of both its indirectness and its obviousness.
Harrowing, heartbreaking and humane ...
"Fire at Sea" occupies your consciousness like a nightmare, and yet somehow you don't want it to end.
How do you reconcile trauma like this with the easy rhythms of ordinary life? You don't, Rosi's film tells us, and to do so would be obscene.
"Fire at Sea" contains nightmarish footage of unspeakable misery. But it's not the straight-arrow film human rights activists most desire.
Here is an island. Things happen on and near that island. Some of those things are heartbreaking. Others are banal. The end.
A heart-rending documentary about a small island between Libya and Sicily where illegal immigrants from Africa stop on their way to Europe.
A film full of unforgettable pieces where the viewer becomes witness to the African migration that flows to the coast of Lampedusa for survival. [Full review in Spanish]
This film is to portrays the double life of an island: on one side, the daily life of the people of Lampedusa from the perspective of a boy; the other, the tragedy of inequality. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is a respectful portrait of a community of men, women and children who fail at trying to find elsewhere what has been denied them in their own world. [Full review in Spanish]
A neorealist approach to the life of the people of Lampedusa and the abstraction of a landscape that resists being marine cemetery. [Full review in Spanish]
While Rosi certainly manages to jolt the viewer out of complacency, his strategy towards this end is so ethically dubious as to border on repellent.
Constructed as much as reported, Fire at Sea is a beautiful artifact presented for your contemplation. It is also an act of conscience. And it is harrowing.
Fire at Sea initiates a narrative that probes the fundamental gap between wanting to help and actually being able to do so.
Rosi captures it all with balance and dignity, allowing a bit of humour in an impromptu game of soccer among the refugees and letting the immensity of the sea and sky at times dwarf the human experience.
Lampedusa's solidarity in the film is as evident as the indifference around this tragedy. [Full review in Spanish]
The author portrays this endless drama with moving simplicity. [Full review in Spanish]
Rosi disguises the urgency of these unfolding horrors with a stately, procedural crawl. There is no political grandstanding or direct campaigning, but this is a call to arms from those left to ferry the corpses.
Never preaching, Rosi leaves it for us to soak up these revelations. The result is sometimes wayward but peppered with images that sear the brain.
[A] restrained, humane documentary.
This impeccably photographed film doesn't quite manage to reconcile its two narratives, but should be required viewing for those who think anyone but the desperate would willingly board those fetid coffin ships.
Sometimes real life provides us with symbolic imagery that is every bit as potent and sophisticated as anything you would find in a fictional narrative.
Moral courage and filmic artistry exist side by side in this essential offering from a director gradually earning the right to be thought of as one of the greats of our era.
As timely as it is timeless, Gianfranco Rosi's portrait of a year on the Italian island of Lampedusa is stunning.
Made with the rigour of the best journalism and haunting emotional artistry, Fire at Sea deserves to be seen as widely as possible.
Lampedusa is barely eight square miles in size and some 400,000 souls have passed through it over the last 20 years. But Rosi makes it abundantly clear this is an emergency that affects everyone.
Poses no direct questions, but leaves your head and heart overflowing with them.
Fire at Sea is masterly film-making.
What role can cinema play in making sense of Europe's migrant crisis?
Mixes political and observational documentary to profound effect.
It's an amazing film. Life and death; mundanity and mortality; growing up and growing old; family and country; conflict and concord. Each is made more vivid, more complex, more intricately human, by its interaction with the other.
Rosi's subjects appear totally at ease with his presence.
Poetic and powerfully affecting.
Rosi shows the tragedy unfolding before our eyes through a cinematic gaze that is both patient and urgent, empathetic and horrific.
Despite all the craft and care it seems just slightly deflating that "Fire at Sea" can elicit a relatively complacent reaction when it is such a thoughtful, deeply-felt and exquisitely observed film, set right in the eye of a raging storm.
Where Rosi's previous work has been accused of offering scattershot portraits of disparate characters, this one feels more focused in its overall edit, while open enough to encourage personal reactions.
The European migrant crisis has found its cinematic Pietà in Fire At Sea, Italian director Gianfranco Rosi's powerful, at times shocking but also intensely human documentary.
This is quiet, unflashy film-making, that nonetheless packs a powerful punch.
Samuele's story is told with a resignation and deep sadness that testify, more than mere images ever could, the scale of human tragedy.
Where journalism leaves off, Fire at Sea (Fuocoammare) begins. It takes a unique documentary filmmaker like Gianfranco Rosi to capture the drama through the periscope of his camera focused on the small Sicilian island of Lampedusa.
The selection of characters is small, precise. The dominant personality of the film is Samuele, a nine-year-old boy and a terrific bundle of good humor and contradictions
The film provides no commentary, no text or context, it just shows.

@highlight

Fire at Sea offers a clear-eyed yet empathetic look at a corner of the world whose terrain may be unfamiliar to many, but whose people's story remains universal.