Every Hollywood screenwriter should be tied to a chair and forced to watch this.
For a movie filled with funny moments and low-budget, puppetish aliens, the film packs a lot of insight into its premise.
Independent cinema with a retro touch. [Full review in Spanish]
Writer/director Joe Cornish chooses snarky attitude over genuine personality and scrambles the script by adding an ineffective side story about a drug deal gone bad.
Attack the Block is a prime example of what Kent Jones perceptively noted regarding John Carpenter's They Live, the B-movie's ability to penetrate working-class strife while working within unpretentious genre frames.
As a debut feature film for Cornish, as the first break for its young star Boyega, as a throwback creature-feature and as a genre/comedy, Attack the Block just works.
Not only is Attack the Block wickedly entertaining, but it's also well-written, suspenseful, whip-smart and moves rocket fast.
Kudos to the extremely clever writer-director Joe Cornish, who understands that the only way that action/horror films have an impact is when the audience is made to feel something for the people getting obliterated on screen.
The premise is outlandish, the special effects simple, and the cast largely unknown. But Cornish has kept his film short and sharp and given us characters we want to see survive. The result is a blast.
Attack the Block lingers with you. Cornish is a formidable filmmaker and Boyega is an outstanding talent.
Poses a tongue in cheek question - "What's scarier, hostile extra-terrestrials or black youth?" - and then riffs on the sad reality that many people would say the latter.
Attack the Block is essentially an action thriller and as such is effective.
Attack the Block isn't a great movie, but it's fueled by a sense of energy that still makes it somewhat irresistible regardless of its (sometimes far too obvious) flaws.
Skilled, heartfelt entertainment done well.
A creatively unconventional invasion movie let down by its utterly unlikeable heroes.
Attack The Block balances scares with laughs incredibly well and features solid performances from everyone in the cast. Gruesome aliens and a great setting that features outstanding action scenes all make for a very fun ride.
There are some parts of London that maybe aliens shouldn't be too eager to invade.
While all signs point to 'culty' for this film, it actually has all the mainstream appeal of a brilliant comedy and a terrifying supernatural horror.
An adrenaline thrill ride cult action film that gets over as an unlikely sci-fi film.
Fish Tank meets Skyline in this hilarious and arresting British sci-fi comedy.
A solidly executed example of the genres and conventions it intelligently satirizes.
There's a lot more going on than meets the eye in this slick, exciting, UK monster movie.
Attack the Block is the best popcorn flick of the entire summer, and I mean that as one heck of a gigantic compliment.
One of the year's smartest and most giddily enjoyable films.
Fighting aliens with these diverse, street-smart, slang-slinging little criminals is all the more fun for fighting them in the Block: a fantastic funhouse of a battlefield, providing plenty of room for extremely witty and well-shot action sequences.
When the going gets tough. Attack the Block hangs as tough as any modern thriller should.
Writer/director Joe Cornish has young wannabe gangstas battling aliens in a hilarious, action-packed combination of monster movie and underclass teenage story. Trust!
This pitch perfect blend of sci-fi action, comedy and social commentary winds up a gleeful delight.
Cornish and his effects team work magic with the creature designs. I won't spoil their look here as their eventual reveal provides quite a payoff, but it's an ingenious, scary, and memorable movie monster they've created.
The story unfolds visually for the most part, and the body language is enough to keep us informed. It just doesn't quite meet expectations for a movie that has an interesting premise
Attack the Block is a fast-paced and inventive action/science-fiction film with an unconventional set of heroes.
Deserves the praise it's received.
This wonderfully talented filmmaker will get to the serious stuff later in what is sure to be his long career. Right now, he seems far more interested in crafting a good-time scare, which he achieves superbly.
It successfully combines action with wit, social commentary and comedy.
Cornish raises the stakes and the emotional investment of the characters, making Attack the Block more effective in all of the different genres its trying to pull off at the same time.
The best science fiction movie of 2012.
There isn't a single thing I would change about the film's brisk 88-minute running time.
This year's best tribute to E.T.
Pits street kids against aliens in a fast-paced battle
Like a Brit Joe Dante, debuting writer-director Joe Cornish both respects and rattles the genre, and he transforms his low budget into a virtue.
(I)t's the ready reinvention of the whole alien invasion conceit that becomes Attack the Block's greatest artistic contribution.
Employs its sci-fi tale to wrestle with issues of race and class structure -- the sort of deep thought lost on Hollywood kingpins like Michael Bay, whose idea of sensitive racial exploration was to create Amos 'n' Andy robots for that Transformers flick.
Few movies this year have been as all-out fun to watch as this one.
The coolest part of "Attack the Block" is how it does a switcheroo with the thugs, initially encouraging us to think they're rotters and then showing us there's more to them than meets the eye.
Cornish makes a feature debut here that's almost as stunning as when his pal (and executive producer) Edgar Wright invaded the cineplex with "Shaun of the Dead."
Attack the Block wants us to believe that its heroes aren't all that bad . . . once you've given them your wallet.
A throwback monster movie made by people who clearly adore the films they're referencing.
So if you only go see one movie this weekend, please make it Attack the Block. See it twice in fact. Let's encourage good filmmaking.
t's a nice change of pace from films about misunderstood aliens threatening suburban tranquility and cute kids saving the day. On this block, kids don't play nice and they can be just as scary as killer aliens -- except when they are on your side.
Here is a shaggy monster movie that pulls double-duty as a satire of class and ethnic barriers, and how those barriers quickly disappear when we are forced to fight for our simple survival.
While it lacks originality, Attack the Block zooms along with energy and deadpan humor.
One of the greater imports to hit America since "Shaun of the Dead."
Attack the Block has a cast of nobodies, the cheesiest special effects this side of Velveeta, and it's the best sci-fi movie you'll see this summer.
The inky, somewhat shapeless beings aren't any scarier than your typical Muppet. Which is kind of a problem when you're offering an R-rated thriller.
Attack the Block attacks the alien invasion genre with wit, energy and a cheeky insolence that makes it out of this world.
An energetic genre ride with social ambitions about race and class.
This is the UK version of Super 8.
This is a snarky, humorous movie about blasting aliens to bits, but if you're looking for more, you won't be left hanging.
The 'hood, the Bad and the Ugly
"Attack the Block" demands to be seen simply because it is a thrill - a pulse-raiser whose perfect construction and pointed wit make it one of the year's most exciting films.
The movie's amateurishly made. But the script is full of little surprises.
Has energy and some laughs, but in the end suffers from a familiar threadbare quality.
It's exciting, and there is plenty of gore for fans of that sort of thing, but one wishes the mix of horror and comedy leaned a little more to the horror side of the equation.
An impressively energetic directorial debut, bolstered further by [Cornish's] own remarkably efficient screenplay.
Even though Cornish is a noted comedian in England, the focus here falls squarely on the action. Sure, there are a few laughs, but they're born of the characters and their situation, as their 'hood is transformed into an extraterrestrial war zone.
The British film's quick humor, stunning visuals and a story that's entertaining, dense and timely make it the year's best extraterrestrial invasion.
It's a doozy, offering tight and imaginative camerawork, electric thrills, and a sharp, twisty script that plays like a social satire.
...an entertaining monster versus man actioner but it is not new or fresh. And, the monsters are nondescript, making them a simply an obstacle for the street fighters, not a threat to the world.
Points for thinking outside the slimy-gooey-monster box.
The power of Attack the Block comes from smacking down cinematic clichés, not just the ones we're familiar with but the ones its protagonists know well, too.
A blast of imagination and wit and sheer nerve, an alien invasion movie twice as entertaining as the ones Hollywood has churned out all summer, made at a fraction of the cost.
On its surface, "Attack the Block" is about unlikely heroes saving the world from an alien invasion. But those aliens...are a metaphor for all the obstacles Moses and his mates face every day...
It's wall-to-wall sci-fi pop-culture bric-a-brac, yet it feels organic. There's something more at stake than the fate of a movie-ish Earth.
Science-fiction buffs seeking a change of pace and fans of British pop culture shouldn't miss it.
The line for this future cult hit starts here. Get in it before your friends tell you to.
Apparently, British comedian/writer Joe Cornish was paying considerable attention while he played bit parts and hung around the sets of his friends' films Shaun Of The Dead and Hot Fuzz.
Perhaps one of the highest compliments I can pay Attack the Block is that it feels like a movie that might have played on a double bill with Gremlins back in the early '80s.
Reprises scores of films, but despite an unusual combination of story with setting and characters, adds nothing in the re-doing and sports hokey creature effects.
Irreverently funny without ever being spoofy...The one-liners are hilarious, and Cornish has a deft touch at weaving social commentary on urban gentrification into the narrative.
Unfortunately, "Attack the Block" makes two crucial mistakes: It doesn't have great monsters. And it doesn't have great heroes.
This spunky, low-budget British action-comedy proves once again that a smart script can breath new life into even the most tired of subjects.
A genuinely great film.
Exciting, entertaining, and rewarding.
It plays like the rabid love child of John Carpenter's Assault On Precinct 13 and Stephen Herek's Critters... and I mean that as the highest compliment.
It's a mash up of Gremlins, E.T., a stoner comedy and a monster B-movie, delivered with a visual nod to 1970s teen gang films and reflecting the comedy smarts of, well, Joe Cornish.
The cast is splendid, the script quick-witted and the action satisfying.
A hilarious, slam-bang series of chases and battles that cross "Gremlins" with "Assault on Precinct 13"...
Too goofy to be frightening and too lame to be funny or amusing, the picture ultimately turns into an interminable waste of time.
a bit like Goonies and War of the Worlds filtered through the original English version of Skins
This fabulously inventive debut feature, written and directed by the British comedian Joe Cornish, never flags.
It's surprising this thing ever got released.
A clever blend of sci-fi and comedy, which pits toothy furball space invaders against young South London thugs.
Pulsing with a rowdy energy, the film works as both a sci-fi horror flick and a teen adventure film.
Overall, the movie's low-rent British specificity is a plus because the unique milieu provides a unique set of problems for the earthlings to overcome.
In the vein of "Shaun of the Dead" but a lot less fun...
Entertaining tale of London housing-project youth battling vicious aliens should emerge as a cult hit.
That the film treats marginalized youths with real respect while delivering such a raucous and inventive spin on horror comedy is the most welcome kind of cinematic miracle.
A perfect genre gem, a movie that works a crowd the way a great song works a crowd. Paced beautifully, written smartly and shot with style and energy.
A playful approach to the genre can be far more satisfying than Hollywood's tendency to play it safe.
Joe Cornish directed his own script, which suffers from thin characterization, weak dialogue, and a confused ending.
This movie wants and needs to come at you like a beast in the dark. Allow it.
If Attack the Block doesn't cut quite as deeply as Cornish, in the movie's first third, hints that it might, at least it's powered more by modest smarts than by excessive, wasteful amounts of dough.
Minor characters strive to be known as Props and Mayhem, and Attack the Block deserves the former for the wicked way it creates the latter.
Attack The Block has an agreeably scrappy early John Carpenter Dark Star/Assault On Precinct 13 vibe, rich in moral ambiguity and gleeful, smartass genre-mashing.
An entertaining thriller in the tradition of 1970s B-action films, with an unknown cast, energetic special effects and great energy.
It enhances a sense of the world rather than peddling distraction from it.
There could be a few more scares and laughs, but it's a blast to be drawn into this urban ecosystem that is, to us Yanks, itself a bit alien.
A low-budget adventure with propulsive energy and plenty of laughs.
An elegant, deliciously wrinkly action film loaded with humor, racial tension and gloopy violence.
Evokes far more childlike Spielbergian wonder than this summer's similar Super 8.
Ideal moviegoing material. Sheer entertainment, but also boasts an impeccable amount of novelty and heart. You'll be itching to see it again right when the credits roll. Believe!
Attack the Block strains somewhat to deliver a climactic moral, but the way it slyly shifts our sympathies to Moses and his crew (at the expense of another species, granted) without overplaying their deprivation puts more serious-minded indies to shame.
Attack the Block distinguishes itself from its genre compatriots by prizing theme and place over referentiality and hip, out of the box "grindhouse"-ness.
Snappy and confident, funny and exciting - an alien space-horror comedy that will engage even those who think they're beyond this sort of thing.
Attack the Block is exactly the kind of distinctly homegrown product that the British film industry should be making.
While I enjoyed the film, I did leave the theater feeling it's been slightly overrated.
Attack the Block is quite a brilliant debut by Joe Cornish, the type of fun genre flick that we just don't see that often anymore.
The monsters of the popular imagination are called upon to save us from imaginary monsters.
An infectiously larky extraterrestrial invasion movie that respects the genre conventions while spicing the brew with distinctive local flavor.
Inevitable comparisons with J.J. Abrams's similarly themed "Super 8" favors writer/director Joe Cornish's seemingly effortless ability to extract laughs and shocks from an alien invasion.
Cornish's film stands on its own and also fits comfortably into a proud cinematic tradition; it owes nothing to any antecedent, and yet feels like the latest in a lineage of crowd-pleasers.
A fresh and funny twist on the alien-invasion epic.
Writer-director Joe Cornish's charmingly zippy debut wants to be taken seriously while evoking a childlike sense of marvel, or at least early-blockbuster nostalgia. (Is this the inner-city companion to Super 8?)
Attack the Block may emerge as one of the summer's sleepers.
These are the kinds of indie movies we want to see, where it's the ideas that stand out.
Delight.
...the filmmaker keeps things moving to such an extent that the incoherence of the dialogue eventually becomes a non-issue...
A slick horror comedy, Block contains a few fatal flaws that weaken its sense of cheery violent fun. It's difficult to root for a bunch of alien-busting kids when they all deserve prolonged spankings.
There are enough laughs to qualify as black comedy, but it's also scary enough to be thrilling.
Cornish has made a very accomplished debut; an exuberant genre mash-up, part sci-fi, part action movie, part comedy, executed with tremendous energy and flair.
Films this cine-literate are rarely this unpretentiously enjoyable.
A mainstream film that refuses to pander to audiences, but instead works hard to win them over. As the kids probably no longer say: respect.
A familiar situation is cleverly exploited, the characters gradually become individuals, and the admirable moral is that actions have consequences.
Boldly innovative while still flashily acknowledging those that have come before - this is a movie that should (and deserves to) foster a cult audience.
Attack The Block is a mini marvel, and the most promising sci-fi debut since Moon.
I kept hoping Michael Caine's Harry Brown would appear ready to teach them a lesson or two the hard way.
Cornish plays loose and fast with conventions of the genre and he doesn't think twice about sacrificing some of his young protagonists to the creatures to underline the clear and present danger.
This isn't just a bad film, it's a film that's plain wrong. Shame on everyone involved.
Balancing big laughs and big shocks, Attack the Block is a brilliant first film by anybody's standards.
Attack the Block is enthusiastically yoof.
This has the smarts of the best sci-fi and the action to go with it: It's Aliens meets Assault On Precinct 13.
The picture is a little unpolished - characters get lost, tension slackens off - but Cornish pulls off his preposterous premise with flair.
There's some OK dialogue when the kids aren't talking gangster and a well-shot, pretty exciting climax.
Attack the Block's attempts to straddle horror and comedy are doomed: it's neither scary nor funny enough.
With tremendous assurance and utter lack of condescension, Cornish puts his young cast playing the council-block kids at the very centre of the action. He directs them tremendously well and they reward him with performances of charm and energy...
The argot, drugs and council-estate setting may put some audiences off, but they would be missing a socially conscious, energetic horror comedy that's scary and very funny.
First-time feature filmmaker Cornish invests plenty of energy and humour into this alien invasion thriller
There are stylistic flourishes reminiscent of both Steven Spielberg and John Landis but this is firmly Cornish's show, a smoothly crafted sci-fi comedy horror that cleverly walks the line between laughs and scares.
Joe Cornish's entertaining feature debut is an intriguing idea and has some nice moments but it also suffers from a problematic approach to its characters and is neither as funny or as scary as it should have been.
There is much to commend in this genre-bending first feature.
Does require a huge suspension of disbelief at times - alien presence aside - and a massive dollop of absolution...
With knowing nods to such genre classics as Critters and Gremlins, The Warriors and Assault on Precinct 13, Cornish has created his own gang-banging, creature-feature gem.
A very strong British monster movie and a great idea, and ode to South London, to base it all in a council block.
It's a blistering debut.
Blending laughs, thrills and sci-fi chills with aplomb, Cornish's debut is nothing less than - yes! - the new Shaun Of The Dead. Believe, bruv.
Utter blocks.
This energetic mix of Kidulthood and Critters is insanely entertaining; we can't wait to see what Cornish will direct next.
However much goodwill you chuck at it, this isn't quite the instant cult classic you want it to be. But now and then it's as blinding as those alien gnashers.
This is, in terms of its central plot, a pretty straightforward monster movie, but it has a very distinctive character.
A fun slice of nostalgic geek cinema that effortlessly blends action, comedy, horror and sci-fi to create an instant genre classic.
It is one of the purest film pleasures I've encountered in a while, and the only real problem I have with it is that I want a new Joe Cornish movie tomorrow.
Snarling alien monsters are up against a teenage gang of South London hoodies in Joe Cornish's pacy, amusing and at times frightening action-adventure romp.
Brit comedian-TV presenter Joe Cornish emerges fully formed as an exciting new writer-helmer with his enormously appealing debut feature.
Cornish deconstructs our preconceived notions about the people we live with and around, and then he blows them all up, figuratively and literally.
Some may complain about Cornish's readiness to assault your eyes and eardrums with zero warning, but a few loud bolts from the shadows still shouldn't result in anyone walking away unimpressed.
One of the year's most dynamic, stunning and timeless blockbusters.
I've seen this year's District 9 and it is called Attack The Block.
It fizzes and sparks, but sputters too much to really catch light.
Employs a terse set-up and sparse characterisations to rein in any sentimentality and stress the ambiguities of its rich political and allegorical depths.


@highlight

Effortlessly mixing scares, laughs, and social commentary, Attack the Block is a thrilling, brisky-paced sci-fi yarn with a distinctly British flavor.