Mariana and Ricky's stories develop separately but are solidly linked by a mother's love for her child.
...seems simple on the surface but it makes us think about so many things - the power of maternal love, the unique perspective of autism, the limited resources available to illegal immigrants, the isolation of a crowded urban city.
Cinematographers Adam Jandrup and Ethan Palmer use a variety of thoughtful camera techniques like point of view, soft focus, lens flares, closeups and reflections to show how an autistic child might see his environment.
This is one of those movies that shakes you up with its muted tension, never reaching for effect, constantly leaving you damp with worry.
Each of the threads works on its own, but the combination becomes problematic.
The director's view of the wider world is flat and schematic; the mother's dealings with an indifferent school district, the ineffectual police, and her aloof ex-husband lack complexity, and the maudlin tone overwhelms any social insight.
Sam Fleischner's Stand Clear Of The Closing Doors, shot guerilla-style, captures a rare, teeming intimacy while also invoking the real-life, larger disaster about to hit.
As the boy alone is surrounded by noise and movement, impressions that are alternately thrilling and frightening, weird and familiar, so too his family sees their environment and each other in new ways.
This movie is an unmatched combination of an insider's view of the true, unvarnished underbelly of the largest city in America and a gritty essay on the nearly impossible task facing an undocumented Mexican family raising an autistic child.
A copy of it should be stored in a climate controlled vault, for the benefit of future generations who want to know what life in New York looked, sounded and felt like in in the early 21st century.
Although it never holds much interest in emphasis, it's a striking, riveting feature that showcases Fleischner as a refreshingly observant talent.
A film that demonstrates that there is hope for independent filmmaking in the USA. A humanist masterpiece that eschews market gimmicks like mumblecore or "edgy" sexual perversions.
"Stand Clear of the Closing Doors," a small miracle of a film, captures the grass-roots swirl of New York City with an extraordinary sensory attuning to urban life.
Finding a shape for this amassment of observations is a challenge Fleischner doesn't quite lick, but the overall effect is [...] autist's point of view that a more conventionally constructed film could never achieve.
Stand Clear Of The Closing Doors stubbornly resists a sense of intimacy, the film determined to express how communication can always be inclusive, even in whispers.
Richly textured, fully engaging.
This is the sort of movie that gets called "hallucinatory," but it is strongly grounded in the New York in which 99 percent of us live.
The film achieves the improbable feat of depicting a world millions of New Yorkers experience each day in a unique way.
Artful, sensitively observed drama of a mother's anguish when her autistic son goes missing.
Stand Clear of the Closing Doors becomes dedicated to showing us everything millions of people glance at each day but don't actually regard.
Like the film itself, the character are initially unremarkable but slowly and modestly begin to assert themselves, rewarding our patient attention without ever demanding it.
Ultimately, Fleischner's virtuous intentions, his sidelong hints at political questions, are undercut by their maudlin tone; the panorama veers to caricature.
We're simply presented a person in trouble, and we're allowed to recognize his problems as extreme embodiments of universal issues of terror, confusion, and loneliness.
Action takes a backseat to local color in well-acted drama.
Even if the characters aren't fully conceived, the perspectives are. With Stand Clear, Fleischner has delivered a great "New York movie," because he shows us his New York.
Terrifically conceived and executed.
The sincerity and earnestness of Stand Clear of the Closing Doors are brave and true and I applaud not only the actors, but the screenwriters and director Sam Fleischner for putting so much on the line and in the open.
Director Sam Fleischner shapes an observant account of a child's interior life.
Though a good deal of its running time is spent on passive observation, it's a film in which tension mounts almost unbearably, in part because it's so believable.
An indirect tribute to the 1951 independent landmark The Little Fugitive

@highlight

Unassuming yet irrevocably absorbing, Stand Clear of the Closing Doors uses a refreshing perspective to explore universal themes.