This movie outsources its biggest moments of narrative intensity to random YouTube vids, which is a filmic choice so incomprehensible, I'm tempted to intrepret it as some kind of grand statement of Dada anti-meaning.
This movie doesn't give you anything different and it doesn't honor the nostalgia property it was based on. This movie was clearly made with no heart at all.
It's incredibly true to the show's iconography and narrative themes of female empowerment
This is a really bad non-movie, alienating to pre-existing fans and mystifying to everyone else.
If you enjoyed the 80s animated series this film is based on, be warned that it is nothing like its source material.
Jem and the Holograms is a satisfyingly goofy, girl-power band movie that's totally unembarrassed by its own ridiculousness.
It preaches an important maxim -- love yourself for who you are -- and then immediately contradicts it by masking its characters and everything about them in artifice without artistry.
Overall Jem and the Holograms is a confused mess that will leave previous fans of the show isolated by its insistence on being 'hip' and 'with it', while newer audiences are unlikely to appreciate its premise in a post-Hannah Montana world.
Hobbled by inept storytelling and drab visuals, itll leave toon fans wishing theyd stuck with their hazy childhood memories.
Somewhere at the heart of this movie is a kind of charm, despite its heart-on-sleeve quality. But who would you pitch it at?
One forgets tweens have choir practice and like to unabashedly break out into song. They think this is normal. It's very cute. Bad for dads; I give 'Jem' three tween stars.
An unrealistic representation of the music industry.
This live action dud is basically what you imagine a bargain-basement Star is Born would be like if it was directed by the chap who did a Step Up sequel, a horror producer and Justin Bieber's manager.
A highly flawed, occasionally dumb, but fascinating blast of neon, revisionist girl power, and social media wanderlust.
Every line, every twist and every note of music feels painstakingly focus-grouped.
Chu was responsible for the shambles that was G.I. Joe: Retaliation, and proves that was no fluke through his uncertain handling of the conflicting material.
Utterly implausible on every level, and ultimately rather insulting: a bit of glitter and lots of hugs are the sum total of its 'girl power.'
It's hard to imagine a movie this year more sadistically boring and bland...
For a movie about someone learning to come out of their shell, Jem and the Holograms is utterly confounding about what it even means to be authentic.
...a shallow, glittery girly-girl fantasy that, unless you have a high tolerance of cute and the ability to laugh at how stupid this whole thing is, may make you put your head through a wall.
The movie is trite, cheap and shoddy, designed to be watched on an iPhone instead of in a theater-plus, there's no way this assortment of bland nice-girls would ever become superstars. Not even on YouTube.
Sure, Peeples has a nice (if unmemorable) voice, but the vapid storyline with fantastic overtones transports Jem and the Holograms into another dimension, one that's utterly flat.
Jon M. Chu's weaksauce adaptation of the 1980s Hasbro toy turned cartoon not only fails resoundingly as a film, it also fails as a nostalgia piece -- which, honestly, might be the greater sin in today's pop cultureverse.
How can a dressup party with this much glitter makeup and hair dye preach the importance of being the real you?
Everything about Jem and the Holograms seems specifically designed to be annoying. The film is deeply misguided and not half as clever as it thinks it is.
Though there are some light sci-fi elements, the story remains largely grounded and based in the real world, focusing on the characters rather than the spectacle.
'Jem' has less in common with its neon-drenched '80s source material than with the real-life Internet-to-red-carpet trajectory of Justin Bieber - a similarly generic teen idol with moves dully modeled on superior artistic predecessors.
In the end, this awful movie is an adaptation of the cartoon about as much as Steven Spielberg's Jaws was an adaptation of Emily Bronte's Wuthering Heights.
As silly and sometimes nonsensical as it is, the movie is surprisingly sweet and well-intentioned.
The music is peppy enough, but the spoken dialogue feels like it was written with emoticons.
A predictable, drawn-out and cheesy story about remaining true to yourself in the face of pressures to sell out.
A magpie would make right away with this thing: it's shiny, it's colorful and it's very lightweight. But it's got a message that the girls who will watch it can't hear enough: be yourself.
What good intentions Jem and the Holograms has are weighed down by its cheap aesthetic and thinly-drawn storyline.
Avoiding a true directorial challenge, Chu plays it dispiritingly safe, trying to make a cartoon about a cartoon that wants little to do with the original cartoon.
What it lacks in humor it makes up for in sheer weirdness -- it's a master class in How Did This Get Made? It feels focus-grouped to within an inch of its life, but it's so strange that it's impossible to imagine what process led us here.
Jem and the Holograms is a movie about sisterhood, which is cool, and to be honest it nails a kind of easy, natural interaction between its four characters, which is one saving grace, because the movie looks pretty cheap.
Not being part of the generation that watched the show, I can't vouch for its merits. But it's safe to say that it must be miles ahead of this wan, bloated screen version which forgoes the original's sci-fi and thriller aspects.
In his book Outliers, Malcolm Gladwell suggests that it takes about 10,000 hours of practice to become an expert in your field. Jem and the Holograms figures it takes about a month.
Hardcore fans won't find much of the Jem they loved under the movie's achingly hip millennial trappings, while young newcomers will be left wondering what a robot has to do with a rock band.
Strong messages can't save otherwise so-so adaptation.
It made me want to listen to some head-banger heavy metal just to knock the senseless plot, bland songs and cookie cutter girl characters from my noggin. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
When a Saturday morning cartoon involving a woman literally projecting a different person on top of herself handles this metaphor better than you do then you've got serious problems.
It's the screenwriting equivalent of Ryan Adams sucking the pop vitality out of Taylor Swift's deliriously produced tunes.
There's hardly tension, barely any drama and the sugar high you might expect from an eighties redux is replaced by a dull aspartame buzz.
I never saw the cartoon this is based on, but surely it was at least FUN, right?
Jem and the Holograms seems pleased enough with itself, to the point that audiences may be amused by it as well.
Intercutting the story's action with eclectic performance clips from YouTube delivers the film's most intriguing point. You're going to find much more raw talent online than anywhere else in this movie.
It's funny how Jem And The Holograms speaks volumes about individuality, yet, at its core, comes across as generically lackluster as any Disney Channel special might.
In revisiting the pop rock quest of a multiracial group of adopted sisters in suburban California, Chu has made a stylish and self-aware musical fantasy for the YouTube generation.
"Jem and the Holograms" is one of the weirdest big screen adaptations of a cheap TV cartoon that I've seen. That's praise.
It seems to be merely tossing ideas into the pot that it thinks might appeal to 9-year-olds.
Director Jon Chu stretches "Jem" to a ridiculous 2 hours, via endless amateur-musician YouTube clips. Anyone can be a star, they attest - and always be yourself! (Except when you're Jem. I guess.)
Ryan Landels' script has its weak moments, but the acting of the four lead sisters is so sincere that it's hard to fault Jem and the Holograms for its big heart.
[T]here's a little bit of music. There's a lot more of the other stuff.
Jem and the Holograms is Mac and Me to Josie and the Pussycats' E.T.
After a few crackling, resonant digital-age scenes in the opening act, the filmmakers settle in and make Jem into a mediocre Disney Channel movie -- with, for no good reason, a pet robot.
2015's Jem feels as if it was made by a studio and producers obsessed with mini-millenial ticket buyers, whom they believe will relate only to sanitized, no-nonsense vibes and constant shout-outs to digital technology.
Jem has lost her outrageousness and gained a robotic sidekick in an overlong, low-budget big-screen reboot of the 1980s toy-selling cartoon series.
Jon M. Chu, who directed the concert doc Justin Bieber: Never Say Never, maintains a lively pace, and there's some cute business involving a robot that communicates through music.
Bright and enjoyable despite (and sometimes because of) its flaws.
This new live action attempt at Jem and the Holograms only goes to prove that, sometimes, revisionism is just another way of ruining a viable property.
Jem and the Holograms is a top-notch example of a direct-to-DVD Disney movie. As a theatrical release...not so much.
The movie's poky and confused, never clearly setting up its conflicts and blowing far too much of its running time on a National Treasure clue-hunt for messages Jem's father programmed into a sassy dancing robot.
This movie sure means well, and it's just entertaining enough to (slightly) slip off the shackles of the great cultural conformity factory it ultimately represents.
Jem and the Holograms is so cheap it makes Masters of the Universe look like Transformers.
No action, no adventure, no warring bands, no production value: this micro budget Jem isn't really Jem at all.
Its one saving grace is that Chu's direction is so wildly inconsistent that it manages to produce a handful of genuinely gorgeous images alongside all of the cruddy ones.
The message of the movie is "everyone is special." At one point Jem tells her concert crowd, "We are all Jem" ... I am not Jem.
Even though I wish the songs themselves were stronger, there's an energy and a vibrancy to the movie that its young target audience will appreciate.
A shallow, lifeless semi-musical propped up by YouTube videos from fans who will surely be mortified to see what has been done with their favorite '80s pop icon.
A straight-faced 'Josie and the Pussycats,' but with a robot.
Excitement? Adventure? Glamour? Glitter? Fashion? Fame? The 'Jem' movie contains not these things.
The film seems inexplicably embarrassed by its roots, instead serving up half-baked and self-consciously contemporary drama that no one in the sure-to-be minimal theatrical audience will remember quite so fondly some 30 years on.
In a world where anyone can upload a video of themselves, this old-fashioned and inauthentic model of stardom just isn't going to fly with the kids today.
The worst adaptation of a Hasbro property yet, and that's saying a lot.

@highlight

Jem and the Holograms ignores its source material's goofy charm in favor of bland by-the-numbers drama.