[Director John] Crowley guides us through the narrative with precision but it's a performance-driven film and the ensemble cast, especially the chemistry between Ronan and Cohen, deserve any and all accolade.
[Brooklyn] goes back in time and deals with immigration in a very delicate manner, and without this subtlety detracting in any way from the importance of the film's subject.
Yes, we have seen this story countless times before, but the execution here is on-point and will warm your heart while simultaneously making you chuckle frequently
It's this fact that makes Brooklyn so relevant. As our country debates whether to allow refugees in, we need to reflect upon our own histories and recognize so many common dreams and goals. We're all Eilis.
Brooklyn undoubtedly has a sweetness and sincerity that will melt the heart for those with a fondness for this kind of thing, and the period production design, on both sides of the Atlantic, is lovely. But the best reason for seeing it is Ronan.
Emotionally rendered by an attractive cast and crafted in the best traditions of mainstream filmmaking ... Brooklyn is a captivating and rewarding moviegoing experience the kind that at best comes along once or twice a year.
Brooklyn arrives duly hyped, and disappoints just as reliably.
[Brooklyn] dares to dream an old dream, and we are reminded of the powerful allure of home.
Brooklyn is one is for the romantics, and those who appreciate finding beauty in the simpler things.
It's refreshing to see this largely internal, cerebral journey of an introverted young woman play out onscreen.
Former child star Saoirse Ronan - the girl in Joe Wright's masterful 2007 film Atonement - shines.
Although Brooklyn occasionally felt like a Hallmark special, Saoirse Ronan, who played the lead character in the film, possessed a clarity and directness that was singularly refreshing, not unlike a splash of cool water.
[Brooklyn] is a modern romance we can root for rather than a relic of the past.
[Brooklyn] echoes the persona of the young woman eager to make her own life but admittedly scared of the quest itself, taking each step away from her old life at her own unique pace.
Saoirse Ronan stars, and it's her best performance to date, which is really saying something.
There are many reasons to recommend Brooklyn - its relatable story for one, its glowing visuals and performances for another.
Based on Colm Toibin's novel, and starring Saoirse Ronan as an Irish immigrant in 1950s New York, this genial drama about leaving home welcomes you in.
Starring Saoirse Ronan in a career-defining role (even more so than her first Academy Award-nominated performance in 2007's Atonement), it may just be among the finer historical period pieces in recent memory.
Brooklyn is one of the best films ever made about leaving one's homeland in search of a better life, and forging a new path. [Full review in Japanese]
Simple, sublime perfection.
Brooklyn is marvelous, watching it as close to pure bliss as any cinematic confectionary treat as I could possibly have imagined myself.
Crowley's unpretentious drama has a sensitivity for its protagonist's emotional journey that's richly rewarding throughout.
Brooklyn is heart-warming, funny, and thought-provoking. It also looks just ravishing.
The lack of dramatic tension is startling.
Brooklyn is the very essence of a simple story, beautifully told.
An old-fashioned kind of drama in the best way, where the filmmakers espouse a full and abiding affection for all of their characters.
'Brooklyn' might sound like some sort of starchy period piece, which couldn't be further from the truth - it's vibrant and warm and funny.
The movie lacks any semblance of a dramatic pulse.
Brooklyn is an old-fashioned, beautifully measured story about family, independence and the pain of separation.
It doesn't sound exciting but it is really well done, with a great cast, understated but powerful, it's genuinely affecting, atmospheric, often funny, and very accessible.
This is Saoirse Ronan's film. She's given a huge amount to do, and asked to transform before our eyes from a callow, floundering girl into an assured and confident woman. She does so brilliantly, and talk will turn to Oscars.
Wistful and Charming this romantic coming of age drama is ably carried by Saoirse Ronan's finely drawn performance.
Brooklyn is a superfluous romantic film that's entertaining but nothing more; its dramatic parts aren't captured with enough intensity to break down the audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
A film as understated but radiant and layered as its protagonist, Brooklyn succeeds with a simple storyline whose emotional impact aptly hits home.
"Brooklyn" is a well acted and visually competent drama ... but also an "old school" movie. [Full Review in Spanish]
Everything seems to be in place, without being memorable even once. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film is certainly lovely and well-acted, but the nerve it has obviously hit is not immediately obvious. Perhaps it's the film's very modesty - its lack of pretense, grandeur and histrionics - that accounts for its appeal.
An impeccable, romantic, and realistic film. [Full review in Spanish]
A soft movie when it comes to immigration themes that allows her leading lady to shine. [Full review in Spanish]
The immigrant story is one that has been told countless times over, but director John Crowley's moving and funny Brooklyn brings a degree of empathy to this particular tale that is rare.
While she's surrounded by a name cast, this is Ronan's film, and while she's made big impressions before (from Atonement to The Grand Budapest Hotel), this is her most assured and moving characterisation yet.
Sincere, emotional and even touching, but it's far from being a great film. [Full review in Spanish]
A subtle drama that work because of Saoirse Ronan's acting work. [Full review in Spanish]
[Brooklyn] doesn't just look back wistfully at the past, it also transcends the period setting with powerfully timeless questions: Where do I belong? What can I make of my life?
Part of the film's charm is the way that Irish director John Crowley manages the mood, without compromising the momentum. His direction is impeccable.
Brooklyn is an excellent film for many reasons. While it may take its title from one small part of the world, it works so well because of the universal nature of its themes.
It tells one woman's tale beautifully. The rest of her new country's story, however, is left unfinished... and unseen.
A beautiful story about love and self-discovery, a great production with great direction. [Full review in Spanish]
Saoirse Ronan creates an unforgettable character. [Full review in Spanish]
Brooklyn lacks any real conflict. The ingredients are what make it atractive, however, outstanding manufacturing and notable acting work by the it's leads are not enough to save it from Crowley's bland directorial work. [Full review in Spanish]
Subtle and insightful at first, and sweetened as it approaches to the end, the film, directed by John Crowley, benefit from the impressive performance of Ronan. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film is a deconstruction of individualism, asking whether a person is bold enough to resolve the concept of cyclical-maturity and determine the self in the absence of our blood families and other oppressive forces.
A touching tale originated by a simple story. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Brooklyn deals with universal themes, but through the most intimate prism of a young woman who is starting to shape her life, uncertainly, walking into the future without a handrail
Superbly told, this engrossing 50s romantic drama captures our imagination in all things - big and small
It features first-rate performances, a beautifully designed production and a script from the experienced author Nick Hornby. [Full Review in Spanish]
Brooklyn is a sweet, moving, gorgeously-shot tale about a woman trying to find where she belongs. If I see a better film this year, I'll be surprised.
Ronan's accomplished performance provides the heart of the film, and, despite the mistakes she makes, the viewer comes to care deeply for this young woman and hope for a happy outcome to her dilemmas.
We have an impeccable product, with heart and Irish eyes. [Full Review in Spanish]
Lives or dies on Ronan's performance, and it definitely lives, with energy, beauty and grace. Hornby has done a brilliant job adapting Toibin's novel ... as have art departments [with] an Ireland and Brooklyn of the 1950s but also of the romantic mind.
Not only significant as a smartly written piece of social and historical commentary, but it's also just a great, well-crafted movie that warms the heart and is a lot of fun to watch.
Just because you can never go home again doesn't mean you can't make a new one.
Engaging, entertaining and emotional, Brooklyn is unashamedly old-school.
There is an enjoyable lightness to the film that is easy to mistake for simple-minded nostalgia.
The film should satisfy those who love the book as well as newcomers.
There's nothing [characterization] here for me
...the sort of movie that any decent person ought to enjoy. It is full of heart and longing, and if it fails to stir something inside you perhaps you should consider that it is you, and not John Crowley's exquisitely crafted movie, that is at fault.
Brooklyn at heart is a women's picture, that staple of mid-century cinema in which a woman must choose her path in life, and the film adapts the genre's traditions splendidly.
If you leave this film without a smile on your face, you must have done something wrong. Go back and watch it again.
A flower named Saoirse Ronan grows in Brooklyn
... expertly mixes humor and poignancy into the dilemma of its protagonist, while Ronan and the supporting cast bring resonance to familiar coming-of-age themes.
It mixes open-hearted sentimentality with star Saoirse Ronan's sublimely subtle performance
I could have hung out with everyone in Brooklyn for hours: It's a world you won't want to leave.
Definitely one to watch if you like raw emotion and romance.
If there is a more uplifting film making the rounds, I'm not aware of it ... Conditioned by so many misanthropic melodramas, we assume, cynically, that the worst will befall Ronan. When this doesn't happen, we're pleasantly surprised, touched.
I can't spot a single thing wrong withBrooklyn. An Oscar-caliber package; start betting on victory for Ronan, at the least. Heart-warming, light-hearted, and perfectly poised. Simple. Beautiful. Lovely.
The key word in Brooklyn is restraint. Director John Crowley keeps things impressively under control in this quietly moving Irish immigration tale that is already garnering well-deserved buzz as a serious Oscar contender.
Ronan dominates virtually every scene she's in -- and she's in virtually every scene -- with a maturity well beyond her years.
From a dramatic standpoint, the film's biggest asset is also its biggest challenge: Brooklyn eschews showy conflict in favor of small character moments and a leisurely pace
Screenwriter Nick Hornby and director John Crowley join star Saoirse Ronan in creating a united front against the clichés of romance, comedy and coming-of-age tropes.
It satisfies with the nourishing warmth of a cup of sweet, milky tea Eilis may find herself longing for in New York, a comforting taste of home in an unfamiliar land.
With sure but small gestures, Ronan manages to suggest both luminous innocence and reserves of strength that Eilis is only beginning to understand. It's a quietly commanding performance.
It's a movie you can take Grandma to - and one that might induce Grandma to reminisce about the dark passages and tough choices of her youth.
After a week of shameful anti-immigrant rhetoric, Brooklyn is the big-hearted bear hug of a movie a lot of folks could use.
Like so many prior films about immigrants looking for a better life on these shores, Brooklyn lays out a wondrous, overwhelming and romantic vision of America's past -- the same vision that brought people here in the first place.
Saoirse Ronan plays the role of the Irish girl who comes to America, with determination and personality.
"Brooklyn" is a wonderful romance, a nice change of pace in which people are permitted to act like real people instead of caricatures that serve as manipulative plot devices.
Movies this charming don't come around nearly often enough as they should but it helps make gems like Brooklyn shine all the brighter.
The sterling visual qualities Crowley brings to Brooklyn pale next to its casting. Ronan, perhaps, is the most obvious choice to play Eilis, but that's because she's perfect. Is she the best actress of her generation?
Brooklyn is escapist entertainment that also is full of depth and turmoil. As such, it is a rare find in movie theaters nowadays.
The plot of BROOKLYN is simple--perhaps too simple to justify the high production values.
Of all the qualities a movie can have, lyricism is one of the hardest to achieve, and Eilis' journey toward making herself a home in this strange new country is as beautifully realized as the resolution of a great symphony.
Brooklyn passes in front of the eyes, yanks hard on the heartstrings, sings a few lines of 'Danny Boy,' and then falls out of the mind an hour later.
Expertly directed by John Crowley and adapted (equally well) by Nick Hornby from Colm Toibin's novel, this is one of the smallest, most intimate and best movies of the year, with an aching suspense that bigger, brasher movies can only dream of.
Touching and one of the year's best films
Brooklyn is a beautiful period drama and rich piece of romantic storytelling that boasts great performances.
Ronan emerges here as the quietest spellbinder in movies. She is in every scene, and she is so appealing that Eilis becomes every viewer's ideal: an ideal daughter, sister, employee, girlfriend and confidante.
This exquisite film is one of the year's best.
Ronan certainly does drive it into solid holiday material for the big screen, but there's also much to cherish about its look, feel and meaningful contributions from just about everyone else involved.
The camera never strays too far away from Ronan, who connects this young Irish woman's faraway journey to all of ours, evoking the trauma, the sadness and the joys of change.
A beautifully staged and acted immigrant drama.
A heart-affecting immigrant love story with a genuine and poignant performance by Saoirse Ronan.
Zzzzzzz. Wonderful performances but do we really care about a teenager from Ireland trying to decide between guys, one on one continent, the other on another?
No other film of 2015 has dared to suggest something so simple, or do it with such painstaking brilliance.
Saoirse Ronan does exceptional work as Eilis. Her subtle expressions keep the character interesting even when she appears withdrawn from those around her.
An engaging and winning pic. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
Brooklyn is a fine serving of comfort food, innocent and successfully operating at a deeper level when exploring the difficulties of leaving home.
Central to the story's theme are love, family and homesickness, ingredients perfectly blended and served by director John Crowley. What a truly lovely film.
Ronan brings Eilis to life in every small gesture and interaction.
... a lovely, classically constructed reminder of our best melting pot instincts.
With compassion, a touch of melancholy and a sense of wonder, Brooklyn reveals the profound truths in a simple, familiar story, ending on a note that's achingly bittersweet, no matter where you're from.
It's a witty, dreamy love letter to independence and self-discovery - no matter where you call home.
Pleasant and polished and well-played. But sentimental, cliched...the most over-praised film of the fall?
Director John Crowley and writer Nick Hornby never even try to temper the flood of emotions that this story elicits, instead wading straight in.
Ronan lights the way as our guide back in time, to a place where immigrants found opportunity, as well as open arms, in an America that looks so lovely in Brooklyn.
Ronan's subtle performance and guileless gaze make the movie more than a stereotypical immigrant story.
A touching historical drama featuring an elegantly understated performance by Saoirse Ronan likely to land the 21 year-old ingenue her second Oscar nomination
A film of quiet beauty, 'Brooklyn' reminds me of classic movie gems from the past. It also imparts a sense of place and loving hearts.
Although not without moments of sadness and tragedy, Brooklyn is sublimely uplifting and life affirming.
Despite the obvious plot problem near the end of the film, it benefits from some fine performances and gorgeous location cinematography by Yves Bélanger.
Saoirse Ronan plays this interior drama with intelligence and a sincerity that seems true to the film's era. In some ways she's an innocent abroad, but she's nobody's patsy. What a refreshingly authentic character to root for.
Simply put, I loved this movie. I can't wait to see it again, and it's easily one of my favorite films of the year.
It's a fine film for mainstream viewers seeking quality escapist entertainment.
An effective (and affecting) period drama...
Fans of the novel, of which I'm one, may find the film sweeter and more romantic than Toibin's original conception.
How, with so little surface abrasiveness and such an absence of apparent conflict, does "Brooklyn" maintain its strong emotional hold?
The lavish set design and warm love story, the earnest performances and the movie's unflinching, optimistic tone could make Brooklyn one of the finest films of the year.
Ronan, in every scene of the film, creates a reserved young woman who seems to mature before our eyes, quietly revealing Eilis' open, yearning heart.
Saorsie Ronan's immigrant girl undertakes an arduous sea voyage from her Irish homeland to America. Just like Ronan's own odyssey, it's the journey from teen to woman that fascinates.
How to define Brooklyn? In the plainest cinematic terms, it's a female coming-of-age story, though that belies the richness and depth of the leading character, on screen for almost all of the film's 111 minutes.
Brooklyn is a simple story affectingly told, bridging the emotional gulf one feels when ambition and home are an ocean apart and love is uncertain in either place.
Brooklyn is that rare period drama that doesn't lose itself in its dogged re-creation of another time.
It's hardly subtle or incisive, but works as an old-fashioned tearjerker bolstered by a strong lead turn from Saoirse Ronan.
"Brooklyn" builds a touching, moving, crowd-pleasing delight from quiet, unassuming material.
It's such a beautiful film.
Brooklyn should please crowds of all ages and tastes. It's quality filmmaking.
Buttressed by Nick Hornby's literate script and an unforgettable performance by Saoirse Ronan as a young Irishwoman adrift in 1952 New York, Brooklyn is a perfectly judged journey in time and place.
Big, romantic and as sweet as wedding cake, Brooklyn is a bi-continental love story that proudly wears its heart on its well-crafted sleeve.
If you're yearning to take a sentimental journey, Brooklyn is the perfect destination.
If you think they don't make movies like they used to, "Brooklyn" is glorious proof to the contrary.
Brooklyn is an unabashed immersion in the warmth of an earlier view of the big city.
Ronan is a fresh new star whose performance as an Irish immigrant in the 1950s is one of the best of the year.
Moviegoers often caught complaining that "they don't make 'em like they used to" should make attendance a priority, as failure to support such endearing, achingly human filmmaking only hastens its obsolescence.
John Crowley creates a hauntingly beautiful tale of love on two continents in his period film Brooklyn.
What sets this apart from lesser romances is the minor characters. Nick Hornby's script (working off Colm Tóibín's best-selling novel) gives the supporting cast plenty to do. Every face fits the part perfectly.
In the end, of course, Ronan completely owns this movie.
For most of its length, Brooklyn is an enchanting, intelligent mood piece.
An exquisite, classically crafted story that conflates the romance of the journey to the New World with the tenderness of a woman's first love.
Even if you don't like the film--though it's a fair bet you will--it will prime you for a spirited discussion about the choices of its hero, a resilient Irish lass who strives to sort out her best judgement from her impulses, her hope from her naiveté.
A beautifully filmed coming of age story.
A beguiling screen presence as a teenager... Saoirse Ronan comes of age as an actress with her richly nuanced and deeply affecting portrayal of a young Irishwoman torn between countries and suitors.
"Brooklyn" is sure to keep you engrossed from beginning to end.
"Brooklyn" is intelligent, warm, funny and endearing.
Brooklyn is one of the best movies of 2015.
Composed and powerful filmmaking that makes the complications of life seem poetic, beautiful, and integral.
Brooklyn is a conventionally structured but uncommonly affecting film that demonstrates the dramatic power of simplicity, honesty and decency in cinema.
The entire enterprise, a 1950s-era struggling immigrant's tale, rests upon Ronan's shoulders, and she triumphs.
It's like some lovely modern fable -- a warm embrace of a film, full of compassion, pain, and hope.
This could feel like an airport romance novel about a girl whose life is transformed by love, but Ronan complicates Eilis's otherwise simple story arc as much as she can.
The film is suffused with the sense that a person is just about to bloom.
A cinematic snow-globe of nostalgia, a portrait of two worlds that aches with family lost and freedoms found. It is a beautiful film to experience.
A story about having to find the world in order to find one's place in it, Brooklyn recreates an immigrant experience that is separated from us by 60 years in time, and perhaps an eternity in sensibility, but that feels immediate and true.
"Brooklyn" may be unapologetically old-fashioned, but it's also utterly of its time.
It's one of the most satisfying films of 2015.
Something in the richness of its relationships puts an essential truth before us - the brevity and immensity of life. We know all about that, of course, but that's the beauty of great art: It takes what you already know and makes you feel it.
Director John Crowley has fashioned a film that feels like a natural evolution from the Victorian novel, one in which the circumstances are deceptively modern even if everything else feels somewhat old-fashioned.
The kind of movie that makes you want to hug someone you love, and thankful you've got them close enough to do so.
Brooklyn is about more than choosing between lads. This is about choosing between fates in an era of newly won independence.
This is a deceptively complex story, arriving in the guise of simplicity. And what drives it is Ronan's beautiful performance.
Beautifully portrays a very universal experience - not only of immigration but of growing up - via an elegantly nuanced performance by Saoirse Ronan.
Brooklyn is full of life, color and contrast. Every scene has a crisp vibrancy used to enhance the film's natural effervescence.
Its virtues are understated, powerful, genuine.
It's the sort of film where apparently minor decisions have changed everything before you know it. A bit like life.
Well-acted, well-directed and well-shot, Brooklyn is one of those flat-out "good" films it's nigh-on impossible to dislike.
It's a film with few real surprises but plenty to savour, particularly in the performances of its young cast ...
There's a basic emotional truth about the material which stays with you.
I am sure admirers of the book will feel justice has been done.
Those who discover the film, whether by design or accident, will be wooed by its subtle spell and enriched by its deceptively low-key charm.
Although at heart an old-fashioned romance, Brooklyn is also a chick flick in another sense: The film is dominated by women.
"Brooklyn" is at times swooningly romantic, but it's so much more than just a love story. It's a coming of age tale woven into America's coming of age.
The atmosphere's charming to be sure, but the drama sags from the weight of its mildness. Still, Ronan is unforgettable.
The Irish expat experience, a poignant mix of aspiration and nostalgia, pervades Brooklyn, sensitively adapted by Nick Hornby from Colm Tóibín's 2009 prizewinning novel.
I hesitate to call Brooklyn heartwarming because that usually implies something overweeningly tender. But it's possible to be heartwarming and tough-minded, as this wonderful film demonstrates. And it's possible to be both old-fashioned and vibrant, too.
Poignant immigration drama is romantic, thought-provoking.
The really good decision taken here is the constant close concentration on the face of Saoirse Ronan, still only 21. The film lives in her.
Armed with an utterly mesmerising performance by Saoirse Ronan, this is a beautifully made, achingly romantic drama that packs a powerfully emotional punch.
It's a simple tale, elevated by superb writing and acting, and I shouldn't overlook John Crowley's splendid, unshowy direction.
It's hard to write about it without resorting to cliches, because here are some good descriptors: luminous, poignant, poetic, heartwarming, elegiac.
Some films you look at. Others are so immediate that you live and breathe and dance with the characters. John Crowley's incomparable Brooklyn is a movie of the second kind, and what a privilege it is to live there, however briefly.
Most insistently, the film focuses on Ellis' search, her stunning pale blue eyes, her look over a shoulder, he walk away from the camera down a sidewalk.
Saoirse Ronan, who must be among the front-runners for the Best Actress Oscar, gives a remarkable performance as Eilis Lacey, a young woman who moves from small-town Ireland to New York.
Warm, wistful and perfectly cast, it's like hearing your gran bang on about the old days after a couple of sherries. Grand, just grand.
It breaks no bounds, offers no edges. But it's a hugely likeable piece of old-fashioned entertainment ...
Saoirse Ronan's expressive face carries this tender romance across the Atlantic, from small-minded Enniscorthy in Ireland to big-hearted New York.
A joyous crowdpleasing experience that's both witty and sweet and way more than the 'chick flick' it sometimes pertains to be.
Unashamedly romantic and achieved with a beautifully subtle, old-fashioned elegance, it's a graceful coming-of-age tale ripe for awards.
It's a measure of her power and of the spell cast by this lovely movie that for hours, maybe days after you leave the theater, you'll want to stick around and find out what's around the corner for this now voyager.
It summons up a full life in a fable about happiness-pursuing it, achieving it. And bestowing it; the film made me happy too.
There isn't a wrong moment in "Brooklyn," a film to get lost in, to mull over. To experience it is like revisiting old family photographs or snuggling up on a cold day with a good book.
Although Brooklyn is technically a love story, it's unfair to stop there. It's about discovering who you are regardless of where you find yourself.
This is old-fashioned, traditional storytelling at its most exquisite and moving; a tearjerker that doesn't put a foot wrong, and doesn't make you feel as if you've been had.
Without Ronan's performance, Brooklyn might have left a sugary taste. But she is the ingredient that brings everything together: her calm poise anchors almost every scene and every shot.
This is an old-fashioned entertainment, but one so masterfully crafted and heartfelt that it's hard not to love.
Brooklyn has an old-fashioned perfection so incandescent, and so winning, that it's almost spooky. It could have come from an alternative, postmodern universe.
Like 'Carol,' another new retro-style melodrama about a cross-culture romance that should play out as normal but for many reasons can't, it takes a view of love from the purely but no less loaded side of the practical.
"Brooklyn" delivers pure enjoyment in its storytelling, visuals, characters and, most of all, its leading lady.
This calm, spellbinding movie is the rare literary adaptation that rewards a book's fans with unexpected insights while taking on a vibrant life of its own.
One can't help but...imagine the more resonant and insightful film it might have been if it had aimed to elicit more than longing sighs.
Saoirse Ronan lights up the screen in the year's best and most beguiling love story. The surprise is that it also goes deeper, sadder and truer.
Brooklyn is one of the best movies of the year and something of a miracle. See it on the big screen or you don't get to complain about anything ever again.
Its beating heart is 21-year-old Saoirse Ronan, once the bright-eyed teen from Atonement but now, on evidence here, the most quietly expressive actor of her generation.
Brooklyn is an elegant testament to the dream of first experience, relatable to everyone, regardless of where you're from-elevated to no small degree by the blue emerald eyes and creamy complexion of its star ...
A triumphant blend of social history and reined-in melodrama. It is meant entirely as a compliment to say that Maeve Binchy would have got on well with it.
Brooklyn doesn't quite capture Brooklyn, but its ambivalence about being Irish is gloriously epic.
If I may be utterly, unabashedly frank, I admit that the first time I saw this picture I started crying about forty minutes in and never really stopped. They were not all sad tears, I hasten to add.
It's unashamed old school style and charm evokes the era of Classic Hollywood, and its characters are beautifully written and portrayed and worthy of our heart and time.
There's great humor and touching, tentative romance. And gradually the film turns its very specific story of one immigrant into a moving group portrait.
It's certainly a compliment to director John Crowley and screenwriter Nick Hornby (adapting the novel by Colm Tóibín) that the film calls to mind Steven Spielberg and even John Ford in its willingness to commit to the grand gesture.
Ms. Ronan uses everything - her posture, her eyebrows, her breath, her teeth, her pores - to convey a process of change that is both seismic and subtle.
A godsend for audiences who hunger for rich emotion presented with wit, grace and not a trace of sentimentality, "Brooklyn" illustrates the power of restraint in dealing with poignant, impassioned material.
Brooklyn appeals as a love triangle, with charming, old-timey romances befitting the era it depicts, but it's more powerful as a story of one young woman's identity.
Ronan's big talent, the sweetness and resilience of the characters, and the film's big heart, are almost irresistible.
Brooklyn is a story for anyone who has ever left home. It's a story for those who've waffled in indecision, for those forming their identities and forging their own paths. And it's one of the loveliest films to grace cinemas this year.
Set in the 1950's New York borough, this especially charming, beautifully made story of an Irish newcomer sweeps us all off our sensibly clad feet.
Saoirse Ronan makes a grand case for herself as the millennial generation's finest leading lady in Brooklyn, an immaculately crafted, immensely moving character study about a 1950s immigrant struggling to find her place in the world.
An old-school, emotionally soaring take on an Irishwoman's new life in America, interrupted by the lure of the old sod, featuring a star-making turn by Saoirse Ronan.
This is a film that never insists or over-stresses its effects, but works its way quietly and irresistibly into our emotions.
Led by Saoirse Ronan, the earnest 1950s-set Brooklyn weaves an enchanting love story into the tale of an Irish immigrant's American assimilation.
Brooklyn is a touching romance and nuanced exploration of how perceptions of home and family shift as life throws us new opportunities.
A timeless movie.
Director John Crowley and screenwriter Nick Hornby take the story from Colm Tóibín's brilliant novel in a much more conventionally satisfying direction -- but boy do they ever succeed at conventional satisfaction.
This is undoubtedly Ronan's coming-of-age role, and she conveys Eilis's quiet strength in the face of huge emotional turmoil without a hint of melodrama.
Sweetly poignant assimilation story, enhanced by a superbly confident ensemble...
The allure of the road not taken and the power of Saoirse Ronan's performance exert a powerful pull.
Director Crowley, in partnership with Oscar-nominated scribe Nick Hornby, create a beautiful and sensitive love story that is everything a Nicholas Sparks film adaptation wishes it could be.
A treat for anyone who likes adorable Irish people and trying super hard not to cry.
A very likable, romantic take on the immigrant experience with an award-caliber performance by Saoirse Ronan.
In the tingling chemistry between two of her young leads, Saoirse Ronan and Emory Cohen, Weir and the film's director, John Crowley, achieve something close to a miracle ...
An awards-caliber performance by Saoirse Ronan, as a shy and awkward Irish immigrant who struggles to fit in when she arrives in the Borough of Churches in 1952.
A quiet, old-fashioned yet utterly heartfelt film.
With old-school romance pumping through its veins, fans of the genre will find this a pleasing indulgence.
A romance that hits those with a heart hard.
As for Ronan, this is perhaps her best work to date. The way she plays Eilis' transformation from the beginning to end is completely convincing, moving, and beautiful.
Saoirse Ronan shines, but relative newcomer Emory Cohen is the true breakout in this tale of a young woman torn between two men on opposite sides of the Atlantic.
Handsomely shot and beautifully constructed, Brooklyn is a truly great American story.
It's a wonderful film. I was describing it later in the day to someone who hadn't seen it. And I gave HER chills.
A heartbreaking and poignant story about choices, country, commitments, sacrifice and love, "Brooklyn" is a superb, luminous and bittersweet portrayal of who we are, where we've come from, where we're going and the places we call home.
Brooklyn is a sweet movie, and its time-capsule quality is its real sell.
An earnest, wholesome and stirring drama, Brooklyn has all the makings of an indie-film darling.
It's the sweet sincerity of "Brooklyn" that stamps it as both refreshing and nostalgic. The film is as welcome as a photo you just discovered of your mother before you were born, in which she looks prettier than you ever imagined.
A superb, emotionally turbulent account of a young Irishwoman's attempt to become an American in the early 1950s.
I'm not sure where it turned me. It could have been a look in Saoirse Ronan's eyes or a musical cue or just the right image, but I was helpless. It worked its magic. And, yes, this movie is magical.

@highlight

Brooklyn buttresses outstanding performances from Saoirse Ronan and Emory Cohen with a rich period drama that tugs at the heartstrings as deftly as it satisfies the mind.