An uneven yet frequently heartbreaking documentary...
Tense, twisting crime docu is deeply disturbing.
Know as little going in as possible. The film's tragedy predates Facebook and Twitter, but the rapid-fire way in which its memorials are edited and the scope of those offering them feels like social-network expression of grief - fast, immediate, unifying.
A powerful home movie about real-world evil and good
Filmmaker Kurt Kuenne set out to make a memorial about his best friend, Dr. Andrew Bagby, with the intention of giving the tribute to Dr. Bagby's son, Zachary, so the boy--unborn at the time of Dr. Bagby's brutal murder, would know about the father whom h
The most ambitious work of its kind.
Emocionalmente exaustivo. Não, mais: devastador. Profundamente devastador.
After it's through, a lot will have been said about friendship, injustice, and both faith in and letdown from the legal system, along with the intriguing thought that moral fortitude provides both its own punishments and rewards.
A documentary that never should have been made, this film is maudlin tabloid journalism thrown onto the screen. All we get in the end is a cry for revenge.
Long after the credits roll one will be rendered both empty and lifted by a bewildered family's sudden forbidden journey into the abyss of emotional darkness.
It's a brutal emotional experience.
Just take our advice and bring tissues. You're going to need them.
The phrase labor of love is so often tossed about, but Kurt Kuenne's emotionally wrenching documentary is absolutely that.
A slick account of ancient crevices in the human psyche rendered in cutting-edge cinematic style.
The most emotionally powerful film of 2008... as deeply personal as any film you will ever see.
A sincere heartfelt documentary about life, death and murder.
You have no idea how much harder Dear Zachary ends up hitting.
One of the best films of 2008.
a documentary of wrenching pathos
While it truly is a sad tale of friendship and loss, it is far more unexpected, anguished and absolutely sincere. You may see it coming, but you will feel the emotional impact that will haunt you for days.
An emotional roller-coaster of a movie, one that touches your heart and brings you to tears in some scenes, then enrages you in others.
A manipulative, tearjerking thriller that, functioning as a sustained, anguished primal scream, is as emotionally devastating as any film, fiction or non-, released this year.
This is one of the most emotionally transparent films ever made, and its gallery of heroes and villains trumps most of what you'll see in a multiplex this year.
Raw, powerful, haunting, and unforgettable.
A searing heartfelt tale.
An undeniably shattering story, if forgivably shaky in its impassioned, therapeutic unfolding.
Kuenne uses ingenious montages and judicious pacing tactics to drive through reams of evidence, legal codes and other data that, in most documentaries, would leave viewers' eyes glazed over.
Dear Zachary is a very difficult film to review or rate. This video missive from a man to his murdered friend's son is harrowing and heartfelt but also overemphatic. It seems cruel to criticize a loving, low-budget video production, but the fact is
This is a North American tragedy not of epic proportion, but of a deeply personal one.
Flaws aside, Dear Zachary is an impressive piece of work that easily ranks as one of the year's best documentaries.
Dear Zachary earns its right to engage us on a primal level, but it comes on the heels of so many films that don't, movies that...prey on modern fears and inflate third-rate material to the plane of tragedy.
A four-handkerchief documentary if there ever was one.
He documents an undeniably affecting personal story, and patches it together like a short attention span scrapbook with his fingerprints intact, but there's something about it which feels false enough to undercut some of its potential power.
It is impossible not to be fired up by Kurt Kuenne's incendiary cri de coeur, Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father.
Dear Zachary will break your heart -- but don't even consider missing it.
Anyone who does not cry during Dear Zachary: A Letter To A Son About His Father is inhuman.
One of the most powerful and moving films this year, a personal film that perfectly captures the feelings of anger and loss that accompany a loved one's untimely death.
Dear Zachary's emotional intimacy is its greatest strength, and enough to get it through sections that seem more manipulative than meaningful.
This film will knock you flat, extracting a range of emotions from the viewer with superb skill and fervor.
A true-crime story so gripping, devastating, and ultimately unforgettable that it easily trumps any thriller Hollywood has to offer this year.
The facts are so awful that Dear Zachary can be forgiven much of its antsiness -- as a memorial, as a condolence to Bagby's parents (who became activists for judicial reform in their late son's honor), and as a howl of grief.
When Kuenne picked up his camera and set out to make a love letter to a tragically lost friend, he had no idea what he would find. With Dear Zachary, he found the best documentary of the year.
One can hardly watch what an unimaginable breakdown of Canadian law enforcement and protection of the young cost in loss and sorrow as the tale turns almost too painful to bear.
Dear Zachary is not just Oscar-worthy material, but Oscar-requisite. If the Academy's documentary branch can't find a way to nominate this film (and then promptly reward it) then there's more than one corruption of justice that needs to be investigated.
One of the best documentaries I have ever watched in my entire life.
It is almost indescribably painful, yet just as powerfully inspiring, a mix of good and evil and victories and setbacks that are sure to move even jaded viewers.
Prepare to be equally angry and emotionally drained as you watch real, so-called justice in action. This film will be one of the best you're likely to see this year.
What begins as a poignant tribute to filmmaker Kurt Kuenne's dead best friend snowballs into a gut-wrenching true-crime story.


@highlight

Dear Zachary is a both a touching tribute to a fallen friend and a heart-wrenching account of justice gone astray, skillfully put to film with no emotion spared.