Written and directed by Jerome Sable, Stage Fright is a clever, gory and wickedly fun time that truly celebrates everything we love about horror musicals with an unabashed enthusiasm that you can't help but fall in love with.
Clear evidence of filmmakers who love musical theater and slasher flicks in equal measure.
Stage Fright mashes the gory whodunnit set-pieces of every slasher you've ever seen with the let's-put-on-a-show glee of, well, Glee, while throwing in easter-egg allusions to, inter alia, Psycho and Carrie.
Stage Fright almost works as a pitch-perfect parody of '80s b-grade slashers, but succumbs to many of the genre's same weaknesses.
Sable's slasher entry delivers a devilish wink and is surprisingly spirited in its gruesome gumption.
With such broad comedic targets, the film would have been better off poking fun at its disparate elements instead of paying tribute.
Strangely straightforward for being an episode of Glee attached to a paint-by-numbers slasher flick, Human Centipede-style.
Stage Fright tries too damn hard to sit with theater kids at lunch but secretly considers them losers.
Likely to inspire much exiting stage left and right.
...a pointless and often interminable mess.
It might not spawn a new series of masked killer movies, but it certainly shows its adoration for them throughout the movie. It also has a beat, and you can dance to it.
More contrived than clever, "Stage Fright" wants to be the musical version of "Scream." It isn't.
Writer-director Jerome Sable, who co-wrote the songs with Eli Batalion, has a sharp ear for musical pastiche, from Andrew Lloyd Weber to heavy metal. But he comes up flat on the horror-musical spoof.
Starts out promisingly as "Friday the 13th" meets "Glee," complete with musical numbers...(but) sadly becomes way too serious as well as excessively gory.
By mashing up so many genres, filmmaker Jerome Sable has made a thoroughly entertaining romp that's impossible to categorise.
"Stage Fright" could have been so much fun.
Writer/director Jerome Sable fills his script full of so many leftover plot elements and references to other movies that it chokes the life right out of it.
The world needs more campy rock musicals starring Meat Loaf. But not this.
No matter how hard it's trying to be a satirical high-school production of Phantom of the Opera, it's trying to accommodate too much horror cliché in its execution, and too many winking musical allusions in the script, to really succeed as anything.
Give the movie some zip, a few memorable songs and a stronger third act, and (to paraphrase Mr. Sondheim) something good's just out of reach.
The tunes (co-written with Eli Batalion, who's got a cute cameo) are clever, the final reel is filled with lots of gruesome, unpredictable fun, and the killer's screeching theatre-related bons mots are to die for.
This horror musical has about 20 comically inspired minutes before devolving into increasingly moribund genre-spoofing territory.
A film with this title and this plot description should be frivolous, but it should also be fun.
This twee yet gory musical-horror mash-up is just a horror.
The final kills are pretty spectacular, but they come so fast, and make so little dramatic sense, that it's hard to enjoy them.
Whether it's being sexy, jokey or homicidal, "Stage Fright" doesn't deliver the goods with sufficient spirit. It lacks the sparkle to be a truly killer show.
Too bad Stage Fright isn't a better movie.
It's too silly to be scary and too gory to be a romp.
Playing like a very special slasher film-themed episode of Glee, Stage Fright mixes horror and Broadway-style show tunes to decidedly mixed results.
Stage Fright has a weakness for predictability; it practically revels in it.
"Stage Fright" starts out as a funny musical mashup - "Glee" meets"Friday the 13th" - but winds up indulging slasher-flick clichés instead of spoofing them.
Once Meat turns up the heat it's hard to look away, although plugging your ears is always an option.
This singing-and-dancing genre mash-up actually has some good, bloody fun.
Horror movies can get away with inconsequential plot details. Musicals aren't as lucky. The two can play nice, but in Stage Fright they're like two halves of a schizophrenic psychopath's inner monologue.
There's nothing lovable about a musical that leaves poor Meat Loaf to grasp lustily at low-hanging fruit.
It starts with great, giddy promise, and then bleeds out
Surprisingly lighter in touch and less reliant on violence than you'd expect, "Stage Fright" is an entertaining mash-up.
Jerome Sable's debut feature couldn't be further from De Palma's delirious cinematic essays on vision and genre.
The film is sick, silly and entertaining. It's got a daring sense of humor and admirable earnestness.
With the horror genre always chasing repetition to secure hits, it's nice to see a feature that's a little loopy and imaginative, delivering the goods with some hostility and a sense of humor.
A fresh look at the subgenre of musical horror show, a promising entry from freshman director Jerome Sable.
Director Jerome Sable really creates a unique and genuinely raucous horror musical that takes Phantom of the Opera and builds a very refreshing revenge story from its roots.
If you're a sucker for singing and slashing, you're likely to like Stage Fright.
If you check out Stage Fright looking for a fun, smart mashup of Glee and Scream, you'll likely be slayed by its charm.
Predictability stands out as the most horrific thing about 'Stage Fright.' Still, there's lots of blood for horror fans and a couple of musical numbers that are fun to watch.
The best unconventional operetta since South Park: Bigger, Longer, and Uncut.
Stage Fright strikes a balance between its song-and-dance theatrics and the grisly business of those same kids being slaughtered by a masked killer. The songs are fine; the slaughter is sub-standard.
For an enthusiast of horror and Broadway like myself, it is disappointing to root for "Stage Fright" and keep getting let down by the scattershot results.
Stage Fright rocks hard, sings proud, and leaves audiences begging for a wild, bloody encore.

@highlight

There might be a good movie to be made from mashing up the slasher and musical genres; unfortunately, Stage Fright isn't quite it.