If the lazy filmmakers don't care enough about their movie to offer at least one single original idea, then you shouldn't care enough to go see it.
This film plays it too safe and brings you only a smidgeon of charm and laughter.
An uncomfortable journey for everyone involved.
Though mixing espionage and family values in unraveling dysfunctional behavior among a bratty brood of siblings may be a stretch, Jackie Chan makes the most of it in his latest caper targeting unruly kids.
This is the broad, silly kiddie exercise it appears to be.
Lame.
If you're still awake by the end credits, Chan's out-takes are sadly the funniest thing in this inane, silly and below-par effort. This one is for kids only.
The woeful screenplay, the mundane direction, by Brian Levant, and the indifferent acting all combine to sink a stupid plot which should never have got off the ground.
[The movie] is [likable], bringing a peppy energy to Bob's segue from international spy to babysitter.
The slapstick comedy will amuse a young audience, but their parents will find it tedious.
Definitely one for the kids to watch on their own when it comes out on DVD.
Chan has just enough friendly charm to transcend this rubbish.
Tongue-in-cheek entertainment...
[It] may be a sign that age has finally caught up with this once most agile of action heroes.
A movie that posits Billy Ray Cyrus as a techno-genius and allows the baddies to get away with Russian accents that would put most meerkats to shame.
It starts slowly and ends very predictably. In fact, the bloopers which come before the end credits are probably the best thing about it -- and that says a lot.
The results are always less than hilarious.
Only Chan's charm saves it.
The closing credit outtakes are the best part of this feeble effort.
When people moan about the world's worst film-makers, the names Uwe Boll and Joel Schumacher invariably come up. If Brian Levant has escaped such infamy, it's only by sticking under the radar with kiddie-litter.
This is hewn straight from the same, rickety old domestic-crisis formula which was never funny the first time round.
Even the outtakes barely raise a smile.
When even the out-take bloopers over the final credits are weak, you know you've got a pretty under-par Jackie Chan movie on your hands.
Jackie Chan always guarantees a good time with his friendly manner combined with intricate fight stunts inventively choreographed and smoothly executed and this is no exception
Filled with hilarious set ups, impossibly executed stunts plus an engaging central story about family and being loved, this funny action comedy is great entertainment for the whole family
It's low on laughs and is almost undone by an irritating child performance from Will Shadley.
Just normal, common- or-garden, ready-salted bad.
Filled with slapstick guffaws, dodgy accents and copious pratfalls, Brian Levant's light-hearted action comedy succeeds because it stays true to what it actually is: a kids' movie.
You have been warned.
Chan is still likeable ... but he's on his own.
Not as good as it should be but not as bad as I thought it would be, "The Spy Next Door" is an average actioner geared toward kids.
The Spy Next Door is inane, but Jackie Chan manages to make it bearable.
Chan's action moves are becoming a little rehearsed looking but the man still has charm
When Jackie Chan gave up on acting and decided to retire, he didn't issue a press release, he made The Spy Next Door.
The movie is, understandably, an incompetence pile.
Tedious and tiresome, it's not surprising that the gag reel over the concluding credits is funnier than the 90 minutes that preceded it.
This is not one of Jackie Chan's best films, but it's still fun to watch Chan pull out all the stops to entertain us at an age when many actors have stopped trying.
The Spy Next Door is bland, unassuming stuff for the kiddies. But few family films have Jackie Chan at their disposal.
won't give the kiddies nightmares, but might make their parents long for a triple-feature of some of Chan's greatest hits once they get home
Those old enough to resist can expect to be impressed anyway by the on-screen energy levels of both Chan and Valletta. They make their work look like fun.
At some point, the social mores that functionally banned most other forms of ethnic stereotyping will catch up with the Slavs, a sad day indeed for middling screenwriters.
Jackie Chan family flick high on stunts but low on laughs.
Chan's comedic gifts and still-nimble moves are wasted in a string of unimaginative household calamities and practical jokes.
As for Mr. Chan, he has some passably choreographed bits with folding chairs, a bicycle and, later, some pots and pans at Gillian's house. But it's hardly enough to redeem -- or even make bearable -- this half-hearted hodgepodge.
It seemed as if all of the actors were reading their dialogue from a cue card. The Spy Next Door is already one of the worst films of 2010. Horrible.
One wonders what sins Jackie Chan could have committed in a single lifetime to warrant having an abomination like this pathetic excuse for a movie weighing down his karma.
Still fit and doing quite a few of his own stunts, Chan is an action hero with considerable charm.
The script -- which took three people to write -- is barely coherent, and it's unclear whether Brian Levant was even on set when he directed. All that's left for us to enjoy are the action scenes, and frankly most of those are a little depressing.
Chan is actually a fairly likeable hero and his elocution, never great, is at least passable in this latest romp.
Duller than a Monday night at the cobweb museum...
Yet another lazily kid-pleasing comedy about a man unprepared for fatherhood who's suddenly saddled with children who hate his guts and whom he must win over in order to make time with their hot single mom.
Never mind Chan, this is a comedown for even director Brian Levant, who's no noob in the sucky filmography department
There was no good reason for [Chan] to sign on for empty product like this.
The plot may be forgettable, but the execution is frantic and funny.
Chan and Valletta have the opposite of chemistry.
Nobody of Chan's legendary stature should ever have to play second banana to George Lopez, and certainly not in a film that was already made five years ago with Vin Diesel (see: The Pacifier).
Jackie Chan, the most graceful and acrobatic of men when it comes to action scenes, is also one of the most clumsy when it comes to dialogue.
Parental Content Review
a mindless waste of time
There isn't much more to say. My gut tells me kids under the age of ten are going to like it, everyone else going to want to be spending their time and money elsewhere.
An entertaining comedy loaded with action and laughs for all ages. It's forgivably silly, cartoonish and far from a classic, but nonetheless feels fast, funny, fresh and harmless.
Cornball and always predictable, but also generally cheerful and good-natured. For the less demanding, The Spy Next Door could be a lot worse.
Chan's traditional gag reel that rolls with the final credits offers the most entertainment.
The Spy Next Door is so hokey that I couldn't help but wonder if I was watching a campy sendup. It opens with "Secret Agent Man," for god's sake!
Chan's strong suit now is his skill as a comic actor, and Levant and his writers don't know how to tap it.
the charm of Jackie Chan is a powerful thing...Survive the first half and you may just enjoy yourself.
The Spy Next Door makes The Pacifier look like Citizen Kane.
The film's so formulaic your 6-year-old will be ticking off the plot points as they lope by.
The Spy Next Door follows Brian Levant's long track record of pandering, PG-rated family comedies that look like bad TV (and sometimes are adapted from it)...
In all, The Spy Next Door won't be regarded as anything but a minor effort in Chan's stateside repertoire, though its better moments should go a long way toward winning the ageless Chan a new audience of adoring youngsters.
The fight sequences (with obvious doubles) are anemic, and Chan's traditional outtakes over the closing credits wear pitifully thin.
Same old Chan routine of 1-2-3 staging, only tweaked here with a distinct Hanna-Barbera tone that keeps Door safe for children, but less invigorating for Chan purists or, and God bless 'em, parents forced to accompany their kids to this thing.
Undemanding action farce aimed squarely at the PG crowd.
A kid's film that's distressingly short on both wit and action. Obviously, Jackie Chan isn't immune to making one for the paycheck and phoning in his performance.
Chan's new all-ages vehicle is smooth like oatmeal. It's hard to imagine anyone being offended, except fans of good comedy.
This corny action comedy isn't just lame on the Jackie Chan scale. It's lame on the George Lopez scale. That's bad.
The Spy Next Door is precisely what you would expect from a PG-rated Jackie Chan comedy with that plot. If that's what you're looking for, you won't be disappointed. It's not what I was looking for.
It's pitched at a pre-teen audience -- the only kind likely to enjoy Levant's cheap misfire.
This sad little movie is built entirely to set up Chan's stunt sequences as he fights with pots, pans, ladders and other found objects or hurtles stairways to chase bad guys. The action stuff is more tolerable than the jokes, but barely.
As matinee fodder for desperate families, it could be worse. But not much.
Everything about the movie is sub-sitcom level.
Limp and lifeless, this Next Door neighbor should be evicted to DVD.
Following in Mr. Nanny and The Pacifier's turgid footsteps, Brian Levant's film mushifies Chan into a comedic parody of his rock-'em-sock-'em big-screen persona.
The Spy Next Door is immediately forgettable family entertainment, suitable for release only in the dung-heap month of January.
A mirthless, unimaginative piece of entertainment.
It's a sad day for Jackie Chan fans when the action-comedy star is reduced to a vehicle as lame as The Spy Next Door.





@highlight

Lacking a script funny enough to cover up for Jackie Chan's fading physical gifts, The Spy Next Door fails on every conceivable level.