[Tony] Gilroy directs with a cool hand and an underplayed sense of drama, letting the words and the performances carry the film.
There's a lot of skill involved in Michael Clayton and an understated, ambiguous hero that's becoming rare in modern film. Even if under its subtle surface there isn't really much there, the surface is good enough to make it worthwhile.
Michael Clayton is a chilling, intense conspiracy thriller, filled with intriguing characters and great performances.
Equates serious inquiry with inert filmmaking
Clooney's latest venture into panache is thriller style in Michael Clayton.
If I had to sum this movie up with one word, it would be tense.
[A] smoldering corporate thriller.
Grisham for exceptionally bleeding hearts
Michael Clayton definitely has its heart in the '70s.
Malo je gledatelja koji od prve ne%u0107e shvatiti tko su u filmu pozitivci a tko negativci.
A killer voice-over by Tom Wilkinson sets the tone for this dramatic thriller, and you're willing to go on the journey even if you don't understand it all the time.
The cast is outstanding, with Clooney giving the strongest performance of his career, which says a lot since he already has an Oscar
A serviceable drama/thriller that starts a little slow, but ultimately gets into a nice rhythm.
Clooney's glamorous intelligence is deepened by his constant hints that slickness, like corporate integrity, is just an act.
A straight-ahead suspense melodrama, complete with villain and a climax with satisfyingly clean lines. But Gilroy constantly elevates the material with surprise gifts. [Blu-Ray review]
Each new viewing brings something fresh and insightful with it.
a thriller of the most sophisticated type, playing the macrocosm of Clayton's professional problems against the microcosm of the soul he thought he had conveniently compartmentalized
Michael Clayton, The Re-Release: Suits in deadly combat may not sound like the ideal setup for an action thriller, especially if the labels are of the pricey designer variety. But hey, this is George Clooney, who isn't half bad no matter what he's wearing
Clooney is just one of a stellar cast perfectly suited to their roles, with Tilda Swinton, Tom Wilkinson and Sydney Pollack sharing his command of the material whenever they're on screen.
Un drama en clave de thriller sobre la corrupción corporativa, a medio camino entre El Informante y Erin Brockovich. Estupendo debut en la dirección del guionista Tony Gilroy.
Gilroy demonstra segurança invejável na condução da narrativa e na concepção estética do filme.
...a success because the actors work hard (but not too hard) to convey a sense of genuine investment in the onscreen problems, and because the rest of the behind-the-scenes technicians do immaculate, invisible work
"Man, I could be doing my laundry," I groused, as Clooney looked deep into the camera's eyes and gave me nothing.
Michael Clayton is that scintillating and rare pop-culture creation, a thriller about character.
Cut from the same cloth as "The Pelican Brief" and "The Constant Gardener", it is much more of a psychological study than a "whodunit". Clooney is excellent in the leading role.
Gilroy's goal is to create a smart, literate thriller, and while Michael Clayton is smart and literate, it isn't thrilling.
Think of this intense drama about corporate shenanigans as the capper to a George Clooney trilogy about duty, ethics and professionalism.
The story of some nice lawyers who give dozens of pro bono hours working to adopt puppies for orphans before Christmas. George Clooney plays the headmaster.
The film doesn't disappoint. It's an enveloping thriller with a cool intelligence, the kind of film Redford or Newman would have jumped at 15 or 20 years ago.
This is a crackerjack story with sharp writing, genuine twists, perfect whip-smart acting and a subplot for Clooney's character that actually works instead of just feeling like padding.
Out-Grishams Grisham at his own game, thanks to an engaging plot, fine acting and a pleasing twist at the end.
Michael Clayton simultaneously punches you in the gut and in the cranium because it never sacrifices the thrust of the narrative to its moral posturing.
Michael Clayton wants it both ways. It requires smarts to understand what's going on, and a lack of smarts to care and not be able to predict the outcome.
Clooney delivers a performance that demands what only a few in the industry can deliver--a critical, grounded turn that allows the film to savor its well-earned commercial overtones.
The strength of the film is Tom Wilkinson's performance as a bipolar lawyer who stops taking his medication and has an epiphany of sorts.
Smart and thoroughly entertaining.
The perfectly cast Clooney gives the term 'star vehicle' a good name.
As mesmerizing as Michael's journey is throughout the film, and as much as the film is focused on his essential masculine recovery, Karen's plot is equally compelling.
The movie requires patience from the audience. In return, it doesn't cop out with a cheap twist or turn at the end.
When Clooney is onscreen, he is magnetic, pure and simple.
George Clooney wastes nothing in his best performance, and the film is as breathtakingly efficient. Specifics and surprises unfold with methodical care, and attentive adult audiences can savor one of the smartest, classiest legal thrillers ever made.
This isn't a thrill a minute. But "Michael Clayton" is indeed an entertaining thriller, although it's a slow-paced one that's told mostly in flashback.
I've seen a lot of legal dramas over the years; this is one of the best (if not the best) of them.
Further proof that George Clooney is quite simply the movie star of our age.
In some scenes, Clayton is the kick in the pants the whodunit genre desperately needs
The multiplex needs more movies where life, work, morality, and debt comprise the constellation of adult experience, unimpinged upon by concessions to youth audiences and unameliorated by any whiff of romance.
Erin Brockovich (2000) meets A Civil Action (1998), but featuring a flawed hero with blood on his hands and an ace up his sleeve.
Audiences, beware you will be drawn in by Clayton and will be wondering days later why films are not all this good?
The dialogue may crackle, but the characters are standard-issue.
What elevates it above the depressingly familiar storyline are the performances.
This is a tense thriller even if the basic plot turns out to be a little overly familiar.
Although we've seen many films about high-profile law firms versus the average Joe, watching Michael Clayton becomes more compelling every minute.
Confident in the story's power and the moviegoers' intelligence, Gilroy uses only one explosion to own our rapt attention.
The acting is top-notch across the board, with Clooney and Wilkinson putting on a clinic.
Filled with wonderfully conflicted characters, Michael Clayton is a masterful legal thriller that never misses a beat. A true diamond in the rough.
Tasty mix of crowd-pleasing action and whip-smart storytelling.
A throwback to trim, intelligent moral thrillers like The Verdict and Absence of Malice.
Shot and edited well, featuring a large, talented cast, Michael Clayton should provide entertainment
This gripping jigsaw puzzle of a movie about ethics jump-starts our pulses, luring us into the world of corporate lawyers, big business and how the dirt gets swept away
It barrels through its formulaic story and clichéd elements with its outstanding cast leading the way.
...a good last scene can redeem a lot of tedium, and [writer-director Tony] Gilroy provides a doozy...
The film is stealthy, like its characters; it creeps up on you.
Michael Clayton is -- hands-down, no-question, make-your-toes-curl-with-a-creative-crush -- the absolute best, most surprising, most devastating performance Clooney has given us yet.
Gilroy has crafted a smart thriller that revolves around a corporate cover-up but doesn't burrow into hair-splitting details and stays away from cliché.
There's too much drag time in the beginning to say that this movie lives up to all the hype it's getting, but it is still worth going to see.
[Gilroy] ratchets the tension so imperceptibly... that you don't notice how taut the action is. That is, until you notice your fingernails are embedded in the armrest.
A deliberate and measured look at what happens when you wake up one day and realize you can no longer recognize the man staring back at you from the bathroom mirror.
Clooney makes a poor replacement for Julia Roberts.
George Clooney just keeps getting better and better. His performance here is rich and deep and layered, and seeing him work through his range of reactions is enormously moving. It provides a strong center for the legal thriller swirling around him.
...a top-notch film that entertains, thrills, and - if you'll let it - makes you think.
[A] mostly decent '70s-style paranoia-fest.
Another contender for the award season, surely, and a fantastic turn from Clooney.
Michael Clayton is a lot of things - somber, menacing, heartfelt, and heroic. It tells an intriguing tale in a wonderfully evocative manner. Unfortunately, there is one thing that it's not - and that's great.
Broad in its characterizations and message but subdued in presenting them through a complex plot.
Hate the rest of the film, but I can't imagine anyone stepping outside of the theater and thinking Clooney's monumental work lacks absolute fire.
The story is elaborate and demands the utmost of patience, and the final confrontation is one that won't soon be forgotten -- particularly if you're George Clooney at the height of awards season.
Some of the strongest performances this year ... [including] a rarely better George Clooney in a performance likely to be remembered at Oscar time.
Clooney's lined, unshaven world-weary face, graying hair, dark circles under his eyes and wary gravitas all deepen the cautionary tone of a film that would be considerably less engaging without him.
This doesn't begin to deserve the Oscar nominations it's likely to get, but I had a good time with it nonetheless.
Smart and exciting, Michael Clayton takes the audience on a ride whose pleasures almost sneak up on you and are all the more satisfying because of it.
Despite all the film's plentiful talk, it never feels overplotted or convoluted ... or really all that talky. In fact, it's a rather taut, well-plotted and directed feature.
Stop printing the ballots. Don't waste money on those "for your consideration" Oscar ads. There is but one contender for best supporting actor this year, and it is Tom Wilkinson in Michael Clayton.
Keeps you involved and in suspense until the last moment.
With Clooney in the driver's seat, the film tumbles forward in a snapping elastic band of tension and shuddering revelations. The movie starts off grippingly and only grows more intense and thrilling.
Michael Clayton may be his first film as a director, but here's hoping it's not (Tony) Gilroy's last.
Michael Clayton is an intelligent thriller that takes time to explore little crevices of character along the way ...
As important as it is entertaining.
There are no real surprises in Michael Clayton, just the awareness of a job well done.
Dude, there's a bomb in your car.
It's The Insider remade and rechristened with all the coiled, white-hot intensity of a crime thriller like Heat.
An engrossing intellectual thriller with a shrewd grasp of crowd-pleasing storytelling ... the kind of Hollywood movie we could use a lot more of.
a mystery-thriller that is truly delightful to savor.
Full of plausible characters who are capable of surprising - and surpassing - your expectations.
made my jaw drop as I realized I was in for something special
A resonant throwback with deep roots to the political thrillers of the 1970s; slick, smart and saturated in dramatic paranoia.
One of my favorite movies of the year.
Some might see the dark cinematography, the protagonist pursued by demons, and the slow, wordy, incoherent story-telling as tense. I looked at my watch a lot.
Literate and convincing.
...an intelligent thriller that does not have an axe to grind. Sure, there is the evil corporate entity and its pitiless lawyers but they are relative fodder to feed Michael's story of redemption.
Once the narrative edges toward meeting up with where it began, Michael Clayton becomes riveting stuff all the way until the gratifyingly acidic ending.
A dense trip into the gray areas of the legal world that film fans will go back to again and again like the classics that inspired it. Don't miss it.
With his focused, charismatic manner and a character whose control is challenged by a colleague's principles, Clooney sustains the tension in a case of corporate corruption.
This is unequivocally a thriller for adults
And while Gilroy deploys the occasional exploding car, the film's climax is all words -- angry, carefully sharpened words -- with the stopping power of large-caliber bullets.
While the plot is complex in the telling, it unfolds onscreen with propulsive fascination.
This is Gilroy's first film as director; I can't wait to see what he's got next.
The ultimate showcase for the defining male lead of our time.
In an accomplished directorial debut, Gilroy gives the film a shadowy, autumnal hue and combines image and sound in sometimes surprising and ingenious ways.
It's about issues of personal responsibility and moral duty.
There are more than ample rewards for discerning adults: Some of the best dialogue in a recent movie and a gallery of unforgettable performances.
Every performance in this film is spot-on.
The movie's plot may be familiar, but its hero is a unique and memorable creation.
...contains several great scenes that will stick in your mind long after the credits roll.
Ace work from all involved...
Michael Clayton is an assured, intelligent thriller, the kind that never depends on clunky exposition and differentiates its heroes and villains only by the choices they make during the film.
If Michael Clayton's particular mix of law and commerce gets a little murky, that murkiness also gives the film a shadowy aura.
Clooney, for his part, allows his movie star looks to go flabby and soft (all things being relative, of course), and he buries the performance way down in his gut.
...sharp writing from Tony Gilroy and an intelligent, subtly powerful performance from George Clooney.
Michael Clayton is a riveting, suspenseful, rip-roaring entertainment.
The pieces come together into a stirring portrait of a man reclaiming his soul from a scrap heap of discarded principles.
There's nothing sadder than a prestige picture that just doesn't work, because these kinds of films so rarely allow themselves to have fun.
The film is terrific, and for fans hungry for an intelligently constructed pot boiler reminiscent of The Parallax View and All the President's Men this one should ease their starvation perfectly.
Just when you thought Hollywood might have forgotten how to make a smart adult thriller along comes a film like this.
It is just about perfect as an exercise in the genre. I've seen it twice, and the second time, knowing everything that would happen, I found it just as fascinating because of how well it was all shown happening.
Failing fixer Clooney is great but has to fight for center stage next to supporting actress Tilda Swinton as the ethically maimed corporate attorney. Add Tom Wilkinson, Sydney Pollock and a dynamite screenplay and we have the thriller of year.
The film's denouement is without question one of the best exercises in sustained and controlled excitement I've seen in a movie in a long while.
George Clooney does something unusual in Michael Clayton. He looks uncomfortable.
Dark in color, mood and outraged worldview, Michael Clayton is a film that speaks to the way we live now.
Instead of the typical John Grisham-style connect-the-dots legal thriller, we get a film that's idiosyncratic, with a time-shifting structure, a surfeit of subplots and characters.
Michael Clayton is the adult antidote to a torrent of monotonous gobbledygook devoid of poignant messaging.
Unlikely and eerily realistic at the same time.
A taut, exciting and thoughtful legal thriller that is so smartly conceived and executed that to merely call it a "legal thriller" almost sounds demeaning.
[Gilroy] shows that it's interesting to see how much suspense can be generated when one decides to do the right thing, simply because the forces at large will do everything they can to prevent it.
Despite an exceptional performance by Clooney, Michael Clayton is like watching a drawn-out third act that left the really compelling stuff back in the first two.
gripping and complicated
Tony Gilroy's Michael Clayton feels so fresh, so smart, so different from the standard-issue legal thriller that it isn't until nearly an hour in that you notice how conventional a movie it actually is.
Though the film ultimately bows to the smiley-face demands of the New Millennium box office, it manages to be a spellbinding action-drama, skillfully built upon a scary corporate conspiracy, chock-full of enjoyable downbeat performances.
With the George Clooney-starring Michael Clayton, [Tony Gilroy] has not only saved his best script for himself, he's also turned out a smart and suspenseful legal thriller that comes completely alive on-screen.
Without [Clooney], and without some fine playing from Wilkinson and from Sydney Pollack as the firm's lead partner, Michael Clayton would be glossy claptrap.
A poignant and powerful thriller about corporate malfeasance that reveals what it is like to face life-shattering moments.
The filmmaker, best known as the scribe of the Bourne trilogy, wears both director and writer hats here, and the results are electrifying.
This uncommonly intelligent thriller evokes the great films of the 1970s (All the President's Men, Klute, Three Days of the Condor) that managed to elicit gritty urban realism while maintaining a suave sense of style and moral complexity.
It's such a skilled job of directing and writing that the pages and pages of technical talk and lists of names and numbers all sound like actual dialogue.
It's one of the most satisfying films of the year, recalling a classy breed of studio film more common in the 1970s and the early '80s.
It's invigorating and impressive on a formal level, but ultimately wearying.
Brilliantly precise in its deconstruction of dirty work and dirtier secrets, and a surprisingly subtle story of people who often can't tell if they're talking to a friend or an enemy.
This loving throwback to the paranoid thrillers of the '70s is a beauty.
There's a good deal less to the movie than meets the eye--and the ear. But there's still just enough to make for a close verdict in its favor.
Solid, complex character study from the team that's single-handedly championing the genre. This one finds the ever-improving George Clooney as a legal "fixer".
When critics complain about the dumbing down of movies into franchise popcorn, what we're really doing is yearning for a terrifically engrossing, tethered-to-the-real-world drama like Michael Clayton.
Michael Clayton literally knocks its brains out trying to be clever, but it ends up being the same kind of smart-alecky filmmaking most of Mr. Clooney's movies are famous for.
Hipster filmmakers keep looking backwards to the 1970s, hoping to disguise how ill-equipped they are to deal with contemporary social issues.
While in the theatre seat -- I had a great time -- didn't want the film to end. But, when it did end, the aftertaste wasn't as sweet.
Deliberate, demanding and character-driven, Michael Clayton flies in the face of what sells at the multiplex.
This, ladies and gentlemen, is a Movie Star.
There's sincerity in Gilroy's belief in man's aptitude for recognizing the error of his ways, as well as in his acknowledgement that realignments of one's moral compass often require great application.
It will no doubt be said time and again of Michael Clayton: best John Grisham adaptation ever.
An engrossing, character-driven, multi-layered legal thriller.
Michael Clayton builds to a fitting conclusion and doesn't need surprise twists or cheap theatrics to get to that point.
So: the crazy people are the truly sane ones. Does this sound more like a complex 70s thriller or a dizzy 60s dream?
Clooney looks a little worn, and the shagginess becomes him. He gives a beautiful, modulated performance, and he's never been more likable. Nor has he ever had better lines.
Clooney is as good as he has ever been.
Insinuating and extremely clever, this insightful, low-key thriller takes a provocative look into the life of a man whose world begins to unravel around him.
Clooney has seldom been better as Clayton, a man beginning to feel that his skill is not exactly being put to good uses.
The real triumph is Clooney's, his award-worthy work confirming his status as this generation's most watchable leading man.
Melodramatic in tone, complex in thought, this 'Clayton' is a thinking person's John Grisham.
So bogged down in plot that it has little in the way of suspense.
A potentially corny plot is stylishly executed, abetted by a perfect cast.
Expertly paced, tautly written and superbly cast, it may turn out to be the most auspicious debut of the year.
Not a bundle of laughs but a brilliant and compelling drama. This is Clooney at his very best.
A somewhat far-fetched, melodramatic ending restores some self-esteem to Clayton. But not before we have seen the weariness and anger chip away at that handsome face.
There's a great George Clooney film in here somewhere, but you have to look mighty hard to find it.
Gorgeous George is wonderfully jaundiced as Michael Clayton, an amoral corporate lawyer who has made his name by defending the indefensible.
A good fix from a good fixer.
A dark, engaging drama that asks some difficult moral questions, Michael Clayton is a classy piece of filmmaking with yet another in a long line of fine performances from George Clooney.
Continuing to seek out writer/directors with something to say, Clooney's latest pair-up packs its anti-corporate agenda with enough meat to keep you hooked.
It's all very smooth, but the problem is it's also a bit anodyne and unlikely to hold up in comparisons to Clooney's other 'serious' films, whose stories have more to offer underneath the polish.
Think old chewing gum with a masculine flavour.
It's a cool, intelligent thriller and boasts a closing confrontation between Clooney and Swinton that is truly stand-out.
This offers moments of suspense, some pointed scenes and star charisma, but it's also a touch confused. Heads will be scratched before they roll.
Impressively directed, superbly acted thriller, but it moves too slowly to really engage the audience and ultimately works better as a character study.
...a very effective first effort from a promising new filmmaker.
...the kind of smart, crisp, 'serious' mainstream entertainment that gives Hollywood (or the part of it influenced by George Clooney) a good name.
A slow, moody and insomniac thriller which wears its social conscience very much on its sleeve.
"Michael Clayton" is an up-to-the-minute allegory about the devastating power and malicious intent of a corporation that conceals its unethical actions with television commercials featuring close-ups of verdant nature.
Tightly plotted, expertly acted, Michael Clayton is a challenging, satisfying corporate thriller
George Clooney's subtle, affecting performance is the chief reason to see this super-sincere social drama.
Michael Clayton's only real shortcoming is its name -- seldom has a more complex and interesting story been given a simpler, less appealing title.
Michael Clayton is at its best when it sticks to hard-bitten, this-is-how-the-world-works scenes between employers and employees, fathers and sons, executives and lawyers.
A story rich in ideas that doesn't blow valuable time proselytizing its message.
Money hungry men in nice suits stopped being cool in 1982, and Michael Clayton doesn't do enough to bring it back again.
A brilliant debut by Gilroy, it takes its time to grab you but [then] keeps you riveted to the screen. No one should be surprised if it brings [Clooney] back to the Oscars.
Modeled after intelligent, character-driven paranoia-conspiracy melodramas of the 1970s, feature debut by Tony Gilroy, who acquits himself more impressively as writer than helmer, is compelling if also familiar.
Legal miracle workers or "fixers" hide simple truths behind a calculated barrage of extraneous smoke and mirrors, which is exactly the tactic screenwriter-turned-director Tony Gilroy employs for his directorial debut Michael Clayton.
[A] lack of fireworks makes Michael Clayton refreshing in a sense, eschewing traditional white hats and black hats for more realistic shades of gray.
As with the Bourne films, Gilroy has a knack for creating strong characters and situations that resonate with tension.



@highlight

Michael Clayton is one of the most sharply scripted films of 2007, with an engrossing premise and faultless acting. Director Tony Gilroy succeeds not only in capturing the audience's attention, but holding it until the credits roll.