Though plot-wise nothing much happens, Smith elicits strong sense of place and teases out the film's themes ...
It's a subtle, truthful, moving story of class, ambition, friendship and romantic yearning, extremely well acted by a largely non-professional cast.
[A] wholly unobjectionable, likeably performed but faintly soporific drama ...
Shot with a level of realism we rarely seen in Indian cinema, this film combines sharply engaging characters with an involving story that really gets under the skin. A
Told with real warmth and charm, this is a confidently handled tale boosted by natural, engaging performances from Venkatesh and Jahangir Badshah as his young friend.
It tells you a lot about South India, its essentially rural culture and the stifling poverty of its underclass.
Smith's film is natural and unforced, with a winning fluency and calm observational style.
Hopefully Smith will make more movies in this laid-back, poetic style.
Here are filigree detailing, pure-and-simple performances (especially from Venkatesh Chavan as the boy) and a subtly lambent moral tale ...
A fascinating narrative set in modern-day Indian and full of insights into a class-riven country.
It tells a tale so sweetly elemental and classic that it could pretty much have happened along at any point in storytelling history.
Satisfying tale of marginalized youth struggling to survive alone in a cold world and dreaming of success despite all odds against them.
Shimmers silently. A quietly remarkable film, for its seeming simplicity, its careful rhythms, and its interest in a place and its spirit.
The Pool is beautiful to look at, and, for what it conveys about human nature, to experience.
Patekar's ability to convey stoic forbearance with so little apparent effort, is one of the marvellous rewards of this intricately textured and compelling film.
A miraculous, American-made Hindi film that is every bit as tranquil as the blue-green reservoir that serves as its abiding metaphor.
worth seeing, primarily for its beautiful Goa setting
Reality and fiction fuse like watercolors in this quietly compelling narrative feature.
It's a movie about a time, a place and a situation that isn't going to change soon. [Director] Smith takes his time to establish the people, the landscape and the striking contrast between the lives of the very rich and the very poor.
Based on a story by Randy Russell, The Pool is a low-key film that often feels like a documentary...
It's a bit schematic and sweet-natured, perhaps to a fault, yet the faces linger.
It's a beautiful little movie.
By pushing himself far outside his Midwestern comfort zone and working with non-actors in a language he doesn't speak, Smith has created a fable with universal appeal.
The Pool takes viewers on a journey to Goa that is startling not only in the lush physical beauty it reveals but also in the subtle, finely wrought emotions it stirs.
The Pool is as quietly pleasant as its namesake.
Many directors claim to value local color, but few have gone as far, or achieved such impressive results, as has Chris Smith in The Pool.
It doesn't sound like much, but in the hands of director Chris Smith, this setup makes for a good small-scale observational picture about young people finding that the world is a larger place than they imagined.
For his keenly observant narrative feature debut, documentary filmmaker Chris Smith and writer Randy Russell have deftly transposed Russell's short story The Pool from Iowa to the Indian state of Goa, in the small city of Panjim.
A film that is a kind of counter-film, which sets expectations in an environment that supports unexpected results.
Documentary filmmaker Chris Smith's feature debut is startling, original and quietly winning.
The resonant, beautifully naturalistic drama The Pool is a return to the familiar subject of haves and have-nots for director Chris Smith.
A lovely, warm, unforced film that gives you time to get to know its characters and isn't propelled by any artificial narrative conventions, or for that matter by any Dickensian social outrage.
This unassuming yet hugely ambitious undertaking reveals a filmmaker with an impressive range and depth of feeling that is only now becoming apparent.
A charming and enjoyable movie.
A quiet, quirky, well-observed fiction about aspiration and connection.
The film has a refreshing sense of proportion without seeming as determinedly minor or mannered as other indies. It's a vivid piece of sketchwork.
Instead of a collection of souvenir-tchotchke exotic vistas, The Pool is an album of observed human minutiae.
It's hard to think of a more welcome piece of American filmmaking.
Chris Smith's low-key coming-of-age film/slice of contemporary Indian life takes forever to get where it's going, which turns out to be pretty much nowhere.
The Pool takes a look at the lives of the haves and the someday might haves in Goa.
Such a different movie from the Americana Chris Smith has covered in his previous films ... but it's a refreshing departure that gives us a different glimpse at the people of India than we've seen in common Bollywood fare.
The Pool conveys a sense of having been made, not found, but Smith avoids mawkishness and has an ear for how young people speak and relate to one another.
The entire film is shot in static shots, creating a cinema style that evoles into an extension of reality.
One of the many pleasures of The Pool is watching how these culturally opposite people find common ground, and become involved with each other through such simple acts as home gardening and conversation.
One of the weirdest, most original entries in this year's dramatic competition--American indie set in Goe with Hindu actors--The Pool should divide film critics, but a closer look beneath the surface reveals consistent themes in Smith's growing oeuvre



@highlight

Beautifully crafted with loosely drawn characters and a lilting, natural pace, Chris Smith's The Pool features a universal message to which everyone can relate.