If nothing else, I can say that Aardman's latest is one of the best-looking movies I've seen in 2012...Oh, and the movie also happens to be very funny, a spoof on Pirate pictures without getting all that much weighed down with pop culture.
The Pirates! relies more on wit than on double-entendres, and for parents who appreciate quirk, it offers a clever respite from the bathroom gags that populate many family films these days.
Solidarity is one of the many values ​​that the film offers to children. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a smart film, no doubt about it, and it doesn't skimp on the fun.
Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.
This is one of the few times I watched something from Aardman and found myself watching the clock...
This is a good Aardman Animations feature, from a studio that's proved itself capable of being better than good.
The Pirates! Band of Misfits is cinematic booty that shines like gold.
The Pirates! is the first truly great animated film of the year: a painstakingly-modelled laugh riot that boggles the mind while tickling the funnybone.
It's got great vocal talent and well-done animation, but it proves once again that the story is the key ingredient.
A rollicking good time that offers enough broad comedy mixed with more cerebral sight gags to ensure this will be a family favourite for years to come.
It's full of jokes for adults that will fly right over kids' heads, but retains just enough plot conflict and slapstick to keep younger audiences involved as well.
The Aardman folks might not have created a pirate film to rival the big screen's best, but they've created a subtle parody of pirate movies that's well worth watching.
Yes, the film feels childish, but in the best possible way.
There's comic treasure in this animated feature
... enough amusing throwaway gags to keep us entertained.
The Pirates! Band of Misfits deserves two doubloons up. It shivered me funny bone.
It's a fun frolic young and old alike should enjoy equally, filled with sights and sounds so richly rewarding one almost has to see it twice to be able to appreciate them all.
The fun, infectious tone is set early on and never peters out. The humor is kind of like Monty Python for kids.
Droll and charming, and will probably appeal more to fans of Monty Python and 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' than to young kids...
This is a very funny, very good looking movie getting lost in the fray.
Warning to all ye who enter: drollery, Pythonesque absurdity, and some smartly silly swashbuckling with history ahead. The dark corners of wooden ships and buildings ground the zaniness in Victorian atmosphere, so even modern jokes sail smoothly along.
The action is beautifully staged, delightful, and exciting.
The best laughs come around the fringes, with great throwaway gags and Grant's usual self-deprecating way with dialogue.
A few funny lines and a great vocal turn by Hugh Grant. All else is unexciting. Can't see the kids going wild over this one.
A first-class Aardman Animations comedy.
Gadzooks, is this movie bonkers. I mean, really.
Deserves no small amount of credit for being an absolute delight... and for never acting like the viewer is an idiot even as it never requires that the viewer be a genius.
As a running gag, the man-panzee is pretty predictable, but as an observation of how cute creatures are perpetually manipulated and abused in family entertainments, it is rather rich.
...as sprightly and bright as the studio's cherished favorites, such as Chicken Run, though the sheer volume of gags hurled here leads to a slightly lower hitting percentage.
It's hard to emphasize enough just how intricate it is, abundant with rich details... At the same time, it's also warmly human, with characters so expressive you'll want to join the crew.
The wonderful folks at Aardman have created another deliriously silly stop-motion animation delight, filled with giddy pleasures and so many witty details flying by that you wish for a pause button.
The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
At best a picturesque pantomime, it is ultimately a plodding pastiche that represents a whole lot of effort for very little return.
A whimsical confection that effortlessly puts a smile on the lips of the harshest cynic.
Another winner from Aardman
I wish I could call the plot about a dodo bird 'whimsical,' but there just wasn't enough laughs from these 'Pirates.'
The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel. They needn't hurry. Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.
Sly jokes come as fast and furious as the imaginative visuals that overflow like an exploding booty of goofy action. Every nook and cranny of the movie seeps with humorous purpose.
The Pirates! Band of Misfits, succeeds in spite of a faint but persistent sense of factory settings and finishes.
The Pirates! Band of Misfits fares OK against most modern toon flicks but pales next to other Aardman releases. How a person chooses to rate its success depends on whether one looks at a glass of water and views it as half-full or half-empty.
Frequently funny and layered with humor to suit all ages.
Even when Band of Misfits is struggling to find its storytelling groove, the hand-crafted puppets and sets are a pleasure to watch.
Many of the clever, rapid-fire one-liners might be over the heads of some kids, who can enjoy the broad slapstick and colorful characters while their parents are laughing.
To paraphrase a certain man with a certain luxuriant beard, it's only impossible to enjoy if you stop to think about it.
a gem of a movie that deserves more praise and audience than it'll probably get
Delivers all of the laughs, giggles and guffaws land lubbers like us want in a silly film like this.
Pirates are right up there with vampires, werewolves and people saying "LOL" out loud on the list of Played-Out Pop Culture Phenomena, but leave it to Aardman Animation to find the remaining reservoirs of fun in a bunch of seafaring scalawags.
There is a lot to like about The Pirates!, especially for those of us who watch a lot of BBC America.
Young and old alike love a good pirate yarn and the stop-motion specialists at Aardman Animations deliver the goods.
Pirate adventure blends Victorian history, high-seas fun.
Not many films aimed at kids would also make room for radically bastardized versions of historical figures Queen Victoria and Charles Darwin as prominent supporting characters
Pirates haven't generated this many laughs since Johnny Depp's first dip into the Caribbean.
Even with all the enormous pirate ships, detailed cityscapes and dazzling action, Pirates! is at its best when it focuses on the sillier, calmer moments.
The artistry in this Aardman effort is most evident in dizzyingly acrobatic sequences evoking traditional action-movie mayhem and classic slapstick comedy.
The lovingly crafted sight gags are plentiful and the lightly Pythonesque dialogue is cleverer than your average live-action comedy.
You're guaranteed originality, wit, impeccable artistry and attention to detail and, most of all, a plain old good time.
Never mind the awkward title. The Pirates! Band Of Misfits is as energetic and fearlessly goofy as anything bearing the stamp of Aardman Animation.
While it looks nice, it ends up being more "meh" than "arrr."
The Pirates! Band of Misfits is one of the funniest animated films in years.
The figures, materials, and sets are beautifully and intricately designed, so polished it's difficult to tell the models and puppets from the computer-animated figures used to fill out the frame.
This pirate tale is a misguided adventure that doesn't fully set sail.
Of interest to anyone keen on laughing outloud at a charming comedy.
Designed to please all generations of irreverent humour-lovers, The Pirates! Band of Misfits may not be heart-warming (it is about nasty, scurvy pirates!) but it's breezy rollicking fun.
Like all of the other Aardman films, it is utterly charming.
You may laugh more than the child who brought you to "The Pirates! Band of Misfits," a subtly screwball animated comedy with a distinctively British wit.
The joyfully silly gags in "Pirates!" often feel old-fashioned in a "Looney Tunes"-esque way...
It makes for an experience that, while geared toward younger, more fidgety audiences, has enough humor to keep Mom and Dad from falling asleep.
...an entertaining piece of animated nonsense that shouldn't be left to just the kids.
The humor is both broad and sly, existing in a mutually non-exclusive arrangement that brings to mind the best examples of symbiosis to be found in nature. While the appeal of lichens, one of nature's best symbiots, is limited, that of this film is not
This is a movie where the key to enjoying it is how much you get into the spirit of it. I did and was rewarded with some fine movie booty. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
While the movie manages to retain a unique feeling, The Pirates! Band of Misfits still loses much of its unruly spirit as the plot continues in earnest.
Sure-footed, witty and zany fun.
That the film happens to be in 3-D, with digitized settings and backgrounds, doesn't detract from the timeworn charm of watching blob-like characters lurch erratically through harebrained comic pratfalls.
It's a special treat for anyone who's lost their pirate verve in recent years, returning to a realm of endless seas, bearded men of dubious character, and delicious ham dinners.
Another deliriously silly stop-motion animation delight from Aardman, filled with giddy pleasures and witty details.
The majority of the movie's quirky humor is more chuckle than guffaw, but it's consistently fresh and, in general, surprisingly gentle.
The movie ... is a cheerful entertainment, suitable for kids and parents of the brighter stripe. It's just not Nick Park great.
If you crave an animated adventure that isn't dumbed down, this is for you -- a pirate adventure in the spirit of Wallace and Gromit.
Pirates is just what audiences have come to expect from Aardman: smart, adventure-driven comedy with all-ages appeal and an affinity for clever sight gags.
The movie looks meticulously crafted, of course, and is consistently, drily amusing.
A clever piece of business that is a complete pleasure to experience.
The science competition gives the filmmakers another chance to add a dash of Wallace, but pay attention as some of the film's best gags lie around the edges of the screen (make sure to read business signs both on Blood Island and the streets of London).
This splashy sendup is a dead man's chest of laughs.
As it races frantically to its conclusion, "Pirates" becomes more mean-spirited than funny, undermining any attempts at a positive message about loyalty and friendship.
It's smart, funny, and, most importantly, entertaining for multiple generations.
The result is indeed a rollicking good time, even if Aardman's ambitions don't quite dazzle as usual.
A curiosity cabinet of visual pleasures but so breezy and lightly funny that you may not realize at first how good it is. (You're too busy grinning.)
It starts out as a fairly easy spoof of the pirate-movie tropes resurrected by Depp and Disney but quickly finds humor in Victorian science, awards shows, Jane Austen and Elephant Man cameos while mostly avoiding the easy pop-culture gag.
Aardman's first stop-motion feature in 3D doesn't overdo the now-ubiquitous special effects, but the added dimension refreshes the studio's signature chases without dampening its endearing drollery.
Offers fewer innuendos about 'sparkling booty' than might be found in an American animated effort or a Kim Kardashian mall appearance. [Still], my timbers remain unshivered.
Swashbuckling, family-friendly frolic on the high seas, subtly referencing evolutionary science with an insidious spoonful-of-sugar.
Purists can rest easy. This marriage doesn't scupper Aardman's classic clay-based animated heritage and the script is still filled with the kind of dry laughs only the Brits can conjure up, with many of the jokes of the visual variety.
A few hours after seeing the 3-D version of "The Pirates!" I was smiling at the memory of the best bits, some so fleeting they practically dare an audience to catch them on the fly.
My 7-year-old guest tugged my sleeve midway through the screening and whispered, "This is a good movie." I'll second that.
Pirates! comes with all the usual Aardman strengths intact, particularly the sense that its characters and creators alike are too good-hearted and sweet to nitpick.
A worthy addition to the Aardman stop-motion canon.
The film is content as it is to run clever one-liners and 19th-century pop-cultural references into the same comedic whirlpool.
I wouldn't use it as a study guide for Victorian history, though it would be fun to see the reaction on the teacher's face when the test was graded.
Even when the whimsy in The Pirates! Band of Misfits's history-be-damned story (which also ropes in Charles Darwin) feels a bit forced, the magic of the medium never does.
For all its posturing (it's based on the books by Gideon Defoe, who also wrote the script) and visual élan, Pirates never really raises anchor.
Droll, delightful...[and] jovial enough to redeem the whole pirate genre, which one might have thought had been tarnished irredeemably by the last two dreadful 'Caribbean' movies.
"Pirates" plays like a fussy film made by fussy little fussbudgets, clever chaps all wrapped up with making perfect Plasticine trees, but who lose track of the forest - the funny movie that is supposed to be animated around all this detail.
Exactly how much wind is left in the sails of pirate movies after Capt. Jack Sparrow is an issue. There are only so many ways to buckle a swash, or shiver timbers. When Veggie Tales beats you to an idea for animation, you know rough waters lie ahead.
Anyone still doubting that the Claymation studio behind Wallace and Gromit deserves a seat at the grown-ups' table only needs to see its pitch-perfect collaboration with author-screenwriter Gideon Defoe...
A script that consistently finds fresh outlets for its running gags makes for a sufficiently rollicking pleasure cruise from Britain's Aardman Animations...
Harmless fun, with the occasional inspired gag.
The Pirates!, like previous Aardman productions, is not just for kids.
This is the first time I've gone to an Aardman film and left feeling that there wasn't anything in it for me.
Feels perfectly of a piece with everything else the studio has made-- daffy, self-assured, willing to try pretty much anything, and utterly unique.
[Not] just a hoot and half -- funny, clever, and wittily animated, basically pure delightful perfection -- but perhaps the sneakiest educational film ever... [F]riends are an excellent sort of booty, but... knowledge is the bestest booty of all.
Pirates' attention to detail and determination to give the audience a rollicking good time is worthy of acclaim.
Forget the rum; it's the fun that's running dry in Aardman Animation's The Pirates! Band of Misfits.
Pirates... is a visually appealing film, and there are moments of adventure and comedy spread throughout which will entertain. But enthusiasm can only take a film so far, with Pirates... an enjoyable yet middling animated tale.
The Pirates! does feel a tad slight, but as with Arthur Christmas, Aardman have hit on a pleasant winner that appeals to all ages.
Silly, stylish, inventive and enchanting, The Pirates! Band of Misfits is simply good fun.
There's not a lot of wit involved. And the film, despite its 88 minute running time, seems to run out of puff early on.
It has a very English kind of daffy humour, absurd but good-hearted, and it is pitched at adults as much as children.
Pirates and Scientists alike should enjoy it, even if the young Darwin is reincarnated as a humourless, prestige seeking weasel. Remember, he wasn't really like that, kids. He was probably a hell of a lot worse.
A funny, thoroughly enjoyable and oddly subversive film: at a time when CGI reigns in family films and Elizabeth Windsor celebrates a jubilee, here's a film where puppets battle a fiendish regal villain.
The frequent use of slapstick works a treat for smaller kids, and the assorted fruitcake characters work for everyone
A splendid romp liberally peppered with chuckles and crammed with surprises. The genius of the film is that it works on every level for every age
The graphic work is charming, the voice casting excellent, and there's a small part for the Elephant Man.
The Pirates! has so much loving attention invested in it, and there is a lot of naughty fun to be had.
The loving, thumb-printed claymation and an anarchic spirit mark this out as top-flight Aardman, over and above the comparative disappointments of Chicken Run and Flushed Away.
With its mix of ingenious chase sequences, hilarious fights and jokes, Pirates! is a real gem and not to be missed.
Beautiful animation from Aardman and brimming with swashbuckling gags and delicious moments.
Backgrounds are crammed with detail and sly visual gags that warrant a second or even third viewing.
It is effortlessly and unassumingly funny - and terrifically smart.
After 30 minutes you start to hanker for Wallace and Gromit.
It is, by rapidly-twisting turns, enchanting, surprising, predictable, eccentric, chaotic, confusing and, even though it has a U-certificate, rude.
This is a quintessential Aardman production that's as hopelessly endearing as the Pirate Captain himself: well out-of-sync with the mainstream and quite bonkers.
Awash with jollity and drollery in equal measure, Gideon Defoe's Pirates! book series was sailor-made for Aardman Studio's brand of sophisticated, stop-motion silliness.
Slick, sharp, funny and thrilling. Pirates! is never less than tremendous fun - but never quite a masterpiece.
A hugely enjoyable and frequently hilarious family adventure with a witty script, a terrific voice cast and a high enough gag rate to ensure the film will appeal to both adults and children.
Those old salts at Aardman Studios have come up with a rollicking comedy adventure that more than lives up to the company's tradition of teeming visual invention and quirky fun.
A brilliant mish-mash of styles and genres, crammed with ideas and intelligence and carried off with a sense of rebellious fun and breathtaking invention not seen since, well, 'The Wrong Trousers'. Glorious.
The Pirates! no doubt will play well to the whole family and with such enchanting visuals and astonishing attention to detail there's still much to treasure here.
Plasticine pirates wreak havoc on the high seas in a gloriously silly caper from Aardman's Animations.
After dipping its toes into pure CG animation for Arthur Christmas, Aardman integrates its feted old-school stop-motion technique with top-drawer visual effects to create the irrepressibly amusing The Pirates! Band of Misfits.
A delightful romp whose varied pleasures should please kids all along the age spectrum.
Another Aardman triumph.
Congenial and unpretentious, the storytelling could be tangier, but it isn't a bad bet for kids.
It doesn't look expensive; nor does it look cheap. It just looks the way Aardman films should, which is glorious.
Despite a little sag in the middle, where the script could have used some extra punch, this wonderfully imaginative movie succeeds in being that rare thing: a family film that the whole family will enjoy.
It'll be worth a case of doubloons to anybody with little ones to entertain over the Easter hols.




@highlight

It may not quite scale Aardman's customary delirious heights, but The Pirates! still represents some of the smartest, most skillfully animated fare that modern cinema has to offer.