The feelings Sheridan evokes in the last scenes are earned: they encapsulate the whole story. And they stay with you long after it's over.
Moving but slightly graphic; mature teens only.
"In America" serves as a peaceful reminder of the simplicity and clarity with which kids can stare down death and help adults come to a place of comfort - earning its cries as cathartic cleansing.
Sheridan's semi-personal immigration drama is simple and modest to a fault but it's sporadically touching and well acted, particularly by Samantha Morton, who deserves an Oscar nod.
Such a lovely film I couldn't help but flip over it.
The result is a blend of kitchen-sink and magical realism: sentimental, but well acted and freshly observed.
A sappy, self-congratulatory tale of triumph of penniless newcomers over every sort of adversity, and a close brush with death every time they set foot outside of their apartment.
Lovingly shot, with a remarkable debut from Sarah Bolger, who along with sister Emma, gives one of the greatest ever child performances.
The pairing of two brilliant, loose-cannon actors gets the film a long way.
A solid, if unspectacular family film.
In America contains enough magic and sincerity to cover the proverbial multitude of cinematic sins.
Superbly evokes the depression, anxiety, joy, misery, and aggravation of family life.
A genuinely touching movie about a family that doesn't condescend to audiences or wrap its lessons into neat, tidy packages.
Sheridan should also be applauded for keeping the film going at a nice pace, sprinkling it with many lighter moments, as well as one of the more suspenseful scenes from any movie last year.
...a scrapbook of family history that has gained poignancy through the showing and telling but remains recognizably a family story rather than a myth or epic.
Sheridan finds room to examine the experience of immigrants, AIDS patients, struggling artists, pregnant mothers, and fathers losing faith in both themselves and God
At its best, the movie has a supernal glow that you can practically warm your hands by.
In America gets better after a muddled start.
The film's blend of heartbreak and hope is perhaps Sheridan’s greatest achievement, and it gives us a work that’s as lovable as it is challenging.
In America es, hasta el momento, la película más personal del realizador más importante que ha dado el cine de Irlanda en los últimos 15 años.
Two child actors provide the strongest sense of realty in a disjointed tearjerker, where there's a disconnect between what is said and what is shown.
A saddening but simultaneously uplifting look at contemporary immigrants, "In America" is bound to make you shed a tear or two.
What could have been an exercise in saccharine schmaltz is saved by the powerful performances of the adults and natural energy of the girls.
A rock steady beauty of a picture, this is a delightful holiday film season surprise.
In America is another gem from this great Irish director, and it deserves to be seen no matter what country you're from.
In America is a rose-colored sepia toning of the family's hard-knocked life...But the film has the warmth of the director's passion.
'Una gratísima sorpresa, una conmovedora historia sobre la vida y un ejemplo de que el cine puede ser tierno de manera inteligente. Una verdadera delicia'
Sheridan manages to maintain the delicate balance between the gritty realities of the story he's telling and the almost fairy-tale-like mysticism
Sheridan has found a way to make the audience part of his family - like we are going through the same struggles and the same joy.
...To play the two Sullivan daughters, Sheridan casts two real-life sisters, Sarah and Emma Bolger. These moppets are as cute as buttons, and Sheridan uses them to push ours.
Even the woeful lot from Frank McCourt's "Angela's Ashes" wouldn't be able to compete in a misery contest with this cursed clan
...says far more about the American experience than any of the jingoistic anthems on the radio or the pre-packaged patriotic speeches on the campaign trail.
Rather than bury the material, Sheridan's fairy tale approach uses myth to find deeper truth: navigating strife with human faith.
Click to read review
A wonderful family achievement, not overwrought or too sentimental, but a powerful example of the contemporary immigrant and American experience.
Although Sheridan is working with modest, intimate material, the outcome of In America couldn't be more majestic.
Jim Sheridan's sentimental heartwarmer of a story about an immigrant Irish family in modern New York is frankly manipulative and contrived.
As good as the Bolger sisters are, it's the hard-edged performances of Considine and Morton that truly bring urgency to the material.
It is a spiritual film but not a preachy one.
Move over the Coen, Wachowski, Farrelly, Polish, and Hughes brothers. "In America" belongs to the Bolger sisters.
Has some of the best acting in it I've seen in any film in 2003.
Title implies the immigrant experience in modern America; but such a plot is only a backdrop for a bitter/sweet story about a close family dealing with the death of a child.
Sheridan rightly points out how often pretend can turn on a dime and become deadly serious.
Keepsake childhood secrets and family tales that grow longer with every retelling: that's the warmth that envelops even the moments that are stormy or scary...
The word that keeps coming to mind is "beautiful." It's a beautiful story, beautifully written and directed, beautifully acted, and beautifully realized.
It's hard not to be swept away by it -- at least while it's onscreen. Afterwards, you may slightly resent that you were so skillfully manipulated.
For a small movie it has all the makings of a big epic of American storytelling.
Seeing [Times Square] through the eyes of Christy and Ariel (and the camera of cinematographer Declan Quinn) makes you believe in the enchanting power of the American dream.
One of the two or three best movies of the year, In America is easily the most emotionally satisfying.
It's refreshing that nearly all the tears here have been well-earned, with material that feels all too real, all too vivid and all the more moving as a result.
The acting is superb and the moral is touching, but I don't understand why this movie is inspiring such reverence.
A sentimental gem that makes you believe in magic.
In America really is the perfect holiday film, a celebration of the power of family, even if it's at the expense of a little bit of reality.
A beautifully wrought, emotionally charged, dark-edged fairy tale of a film.
One the most lovable, moving films I have seen in recent years.
Since the film's intentions were good, I guess I'm supposed to overlook all the contrivances and naïveté.
These characters are so likable, the young girls so engagingly delightful, that we root for these survivors to succeed and overcome.
In America is a movie that believes in magic
About feeling at home in your surroundings and in your own skin, and Sheridan bastes his characters' healing processes in an appealing mix of grieving and optimism.
Lovely and unusual -- a fresh, genuinely moving story populated by fully realized characters.
It humbles its audience and engenders a sense of empathy.
A richly emotional story of a family's salvation, told with heart and surprising humor.
The American family is made up of many, many such stories.
There’s nothing quite like a movie with characters you fall in love with, characters you actually miss when the lights go up.
There are so many beautiful, tender moments in In America ... that it's easy to forgive Sheridan's manipulative ploys.
It's largely thanks to the remarkable Bolger girls that this tale of illegal immigrants looking for a new life in the Big Apple plays as well as it does.
Deeply moving and funny.
... Oscar voters should reward Sheridan (and his co-writing daughters Naomi and Kirsten) with nominations for picture, director and original screenplay.
Too precious, perhaps, but there's no denying that it has a magical sweetness.
Contains moments so pure and precise that they take us by surprise.
One cannot help but get emotionally involved with this movie.
A deeply personal, wishful film from Dublin-born and -based director-writer Jim Sheridan, In America is easily one of the year's best features.
There are many better films on the immigrant experience.
In America is a too-tidy movie about a very untidy subject (families), and it is rescued by the untidiest of things: children.
In America, on paper, sounds dangerously close to sentimentality, but Sheridan keeps the movie's tone just off-kilter enough to avoid it.
It's too pat.
In a season full of movies about families and tragedy, this is the class of the bunch.
Heartfelt, fresh and touching, it doesn't quite all come together but it's consistently engaging.
Has a simple, undeniable power.
An achingly intimate and beautifully observed account of the immigrant experience.
In America may not be great, but it's sweet and deeply human, and it demonstrates that when someone speaks from the heart, it can be next to impossible not to listen -- and to feel.
Jim Sheridan's In America doesn't just tear at the heart strings. It rips them out, cuts them up, sets the pieces on fire and pours cold water on the ashes.
Sheridan can't pull off Mockingbird's trick of playing the cocooned magic of childhood against compromised adulthood in a poignant way.
If the film is manipulative, at least it's subtly manipulative.
Warm, funny and painful, it is beautifully written, acted, shot and directed.
A genuine, refreshing film about embracing life's challenges and rewards.
A wondrously emotional film, one that sneakily dismantles your defenses and purges grief you didn't realize you had.
The love that permeates every frame of this comic drama quickly makes it apparent that this is something dear to the filmmakers' hearts.
Redeemed by the joyousness of family life that Mr. Sheridan captures from his agile and resourceful foursome.
A limpid, lovely fantasy.
Sheridan's heart and soul are evident in scene after evocative scene.
a little bit of magic
Even better is the slow, almost languid friendship that develops between the family and the angry African artist living a life in the shadows behind the closed doors of his apartment.
New York is as magical here as was Steven Spielberg's everywhere suburbia in E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial (1982).
As lovely and inspired as so much of the film remains -- the delicate camcorder images, the girls' perfect performances -- In America is troubled and limited by against the specter of race in America.
Jim Sheridan's latest effort is a ghost story, a personal epic, a celebration of family and America -- and one of 2003's best films.
Insightful, joyous and positively heart-stopping.
...a winning immigrant story that is rich and eloquently realized. It's always an advantage when you can tap into your own experiences and express them so beautifully
After watching everything they go through in the movie, I was reduced to a blubbering mass.
Might not entirely transcend its roots, but it's entrancing enough that you're not likely to notice them overmuch, or be irritated when you do...a very sweet, hopeful tale.
A sentimental tear-jerker that failed to make me cry.
...truly one of the richest movie experiences this year.
This is worth going to the arthouse to see.
The three miracles that occur over the course of Jim Sheridan's In America pale next to the miracle of the movie itself.
Not everything is possible in Sheridan's America. But with this cast, In America, everything is beautiful.
Although the film's episodic structure sometimes relies too much on contrivance to propel the narrative, In America's charms ultimately outnumber its flaws.
In America is the most touching film of the year - for those of us that still appreciate a good old fashioned personal tale.
Comes across less as childlike and more as a parade of saccharine cliches.
A big little movie, a fictionalized memoir that transcends the personal to become universal -- its grubby verve touched with a sense of wonder and magic, its mundane actions given an all-too-rare spiritual resonance.
It is kept watchable and empathetic by the energy of the superb performances and the sense of complete freshness.
Too sweet to ever worry us that things might not pull together in the end, and yet too odd to be overly lulling, In America keeps itself just on the far side of familiar.
There's no questioning the director's ability to wring moving moments from potentially sentimental and decidedly familiar material: the story of penniless immigrants trying to make it in Manhattan. It got to me.
The movie stumbles.
It's a wistful yet penetrating film, shot through with magic realism and life-affirming humor, that gets you deep down where you live.
The casting of real-life sisters Sarah and Emma Bolger is the stroke that gives In America its buoyancy.
A mostly enjoyable hunk of immigrant exuberance.
Because the film is so beautifully acted, and so deftly woven into a timeless tale, we are enlightened.
[Sheridan] stages it with a deft specificity and understatement.
The cast features two of the most engaging little girls ever to grace the silver screen, and they come with a flat-out guarantee: The hardest of hearts will melt before them.
The movie is so lovely and gently nostalgic that you're likely to regard it with the same loving patience you do Uncle Willy after he's had a few glasses too many of the old eggnog.
It is perceptive about the countless ways in which it is hard to be poor and a stranger in a new land.
Lesson-laden, tear-jerking fairy tale.
Despite Halle Berry and Denzel Washington's celebrated 2002 Oscar wins, the career of Djimon Hounsou proves that the notion of Hollywood equality remains fleeting.
A definite tearjerker, but it's one of those feel-good cry movies where you leave the theatre with a smile even while you're wiping away those last salty tears.
This is a compelling fairy tale that will leave you reaching for the hankies by the end of the movie.
A soulful and buoyant portrait of a poverty stricken Irish family's winning battle to move beyond the wrenching, contradictory, and chaotic emotions of grief into a new life.
Exquisitely tender...The story may be predictable, but thankfully it is messy and episodic enough to capture the attention and even the heart.
Bewildering at times, sentimental at others, but never treacly, it shows us America filtered through memory and perception, and a troubled family filtered through America.
An agreeably uplifting movie that doesn't cheat its way (too much) to its life-affirming conclusion.
The girls' playfulness, their inquisitiveness about new friends and surroundings, and their youthful hope and innocence give the movie its fundamental, irresistible appeal
It isn't a very good film but it does contain moments strong enough to make you forget that fact.
There's a hokeyness that's hard to escape yet one that creates an emotional current that in the end is impossible to ignore.
Funny, emotional and affecting.
The film is marvelously acted -- the Bolger sisters are a delight -- and Sheridan captures New York City's crazy energy as only an newcomer can.
A classic story of losing and finding faith told with heart, humor and emotional heft.
From its first frame to its final fade-out, In America is about her family's passage into the land of dreams, a place where wishes do come true, but only if you understand how to make them.
Thanks to Jim Sheridan's graceful, scrupulously sincere direction and the dry intelligence of his cast, In America is likely to pierce the defenses of all but the most dogmatically cynical viewers.
[In America] is particularly adept at dealing with the immigrant experience, with lives lived on the knife edge of hope, poverty and despair that is in many ways this country's quintessential situation.
For his part, Sheridan places his bets on the healing power of magic and the transformation of bad blood into good. As pipe dreams go, this one couldn't be timelier.
The Bolger sisters are the show. It's as though everything else is the packaging for the gift of their performance.
Like a kid playing make-believe, In America is blithely confident of its own contrivances; it only benefits from a certain unselfconscious naivete.
Forceful, funny and impassioned.
A unique and moving look at the so-called 'immigrant experience' that is as much about family dynamics as it is about the struggle to survive in an unfamiliar country.
Ostensibly, it's meant to be part family drama and part love letter to New York. But it feels like a movie made by a tourist.
Sheridan's labor of love becomes a testament to love, presenting the triumph of spirit over circumstances.
The inherent warmth is enough to tip the scales in the drama's favor.
A poignant, heart-warming, timeless tale of faith and hope.
... a film brimming with honest sentiment and infused with the spirit of Frank Capra's best work.
Award-winning caliber performances from the entire cast and stellar writing/direction from Sheridan. What a wonderful film!
Laughter, tears, madness, magic, and E.T. ... moving ...
A slow story which offers little to reward viewers' patience and one with a serious credibility problem.
Director Jim Sheridan proves himself as an expert storyteller once again.
a warm family tale that has the heart to become an annual holiday viewing.
In America is a terrific immigrant saga so well told that its few cliches never feel manipulative. It's got the soul of an Irish poet.
No one has ever told an immigrant story quite like this.
After 30 minutes, the plot takes over. And it's embarrassingly easy to see where truth ends and Sheridan's invention begins.
It's flawed but still wonderful.
Storytelling at its best.
Brilliantly acted, well directed drama that's both extremely moving and full of warmth and humour.
If you only see one movie this year, make sure it's something as sweet, as memorable and as moving, as the excellent "In America". One of the best films of the year.
In America has some of the most beautiful, hilarious and uplifting moments of any movie this year. It treads on that fine line between heartfelt sentiment and unbearable whimsy, miraculously never falling into the latter.
In America is simple and unpretentious but its humanity and message of inclusiveness is evoked with heart-warming profundity.
The Irish are great storytellers, aren't they?
It all makes for a curious and uneven mix of social realism and childlike whimsy.
The story has too many trite moments, but strong acting and a good-hearted attitude keep the picture afloat.
For a story about normal, everyday life (and death), this is an extraordinary film, really.
For much of the movie, mundane, authentic details are ignored, which stretches credibility.
This is Francis Coppola level filmmaking... It is driven by that rarest of commodities in America film today... real, unabashed, unashamed emotion.
A sweetly benign look at the immigrant experience.
Richly observed, beautifully written and performed.






@highlight

A rich and moving story about an immigrant family adjusting to life in New York.