Its conclusion can be viewed as a major disappointment.
Gory European gothic horror doesn't come any grittier and weirder than it does when a couple of would-be lesbian college girlfriends retreat to a weekend at the secluded farmhouse of one of their parents to study for their final exams.
Disturbing, demented, gory and one of the best horror films I've seen in a while...
The last three fourths of this film are basically like the last five minutes of Halloween -- total fear and total suspense.
Haute Tension is like a French art-house essay on slasher-movie cliches, and as such is good nasty fun.
A cinematically sound but sub-par horror flick readied for the American mass market by the addition of English credits and some truly atrocious dubbing.
If you're going to make a horror film, I'd recommend ensuring that a) it makes some logical sense, and b) it ain't really %#&* boring.
In its best moments, the film is reminiscent of such seminal slasher pictures as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and The Hills Have Eyes.
It's a movie that needs to be seen by all horror fans because it serves as a reminder of just how good a "slasher film" can be.
Not only is it an assault on the senses, the film is so narcissistically nihilistic the only ones sure to get a kick out of it are members of the Manson Family fan club.
Haute bloodbath.
The French slasher High Tension definitely lives up to the promise of its title.
An effective but pointless exercise in style (and gore).
A brilliantly made, shocking, refreshingly bloody...disappointment,
[S]imply a checklist of familiar gore effects pasted onto an unusually uninvolving story ... miss it, and you miss nothing.
In a remarkable turnaround, the film suddenly lacks the courage to stick with what it does best.
What a nasty piece of business this movie is.
More terrifying than Go Fish but less terrifying than the EU Constitution.
Questions of 'entertainment' value aside, High Tension boasts an improbability so humbling that a rational person quakes before it.
a formally brilliant thriller ... Unfortunately, there's a third-act revelation that possibly spoils it by tacking on a needless and potentially offensive explanation
The language of contemporary hack filmmaking is universal, especially when it comes to the sight of women brutalized by a serial killer.
Nasty, ghastly French slasher flick's gut-churning tension is undermined by a head-scratching plot turn.
It is as tacky and hacky and dispiritingly cheap in the means of its manipulation as any American slasher film I've seen.
All the inhumanity we endure exists only to titillate for its own sake - the ritualized, sadomasochistic violence is the payoff itself. That's not art - that's pornography.
A garden-variety slasher flick that's been tarted up with a much-discussed trick ending that telegraphs itself from the opening shot.
Aja takes the strongest elements from countless influences and weaves them together... While this is a slightly derivative tactic, it never feels weighted in unoriginality...
Isn't so much a bad movie as it is a despicable one.
The ultimate rescue, however, comes when the credits roll and the lights come up.
An extremely well-made, very grisly and ultimately dishonest slasher film that's too clever for its own good.
[A] stylistically thrilling but ultimately tedious French import.
...[a] groundless gorefest...High Tension pounces on the opportunity to swagger in its meaningless artsy shock value
Finally! Finally we have a horror movie released in 2005 that is worth watching!
Gorehounds will undoubtedly eat up these prolonged andcringe-inducing kills, but there's not much else for the rest of us.
See this only if you have a taste for gore.
Even a bloody lesbian kiss can't save this flick.
The movie [isn't] scary, suspenseful, thought-provoking or -- heck -- even remotely entertaining.
A humorless, even borderline pretentious exercise in sick scaremongering...
Director Alexandre Aja, who wrote this with Gregory Levasseur, doesn't have a gift for horror suspense so much as a compleat geek knowledge of all the superior scare flicks that have preceded High Tension.
You have to give it to the filmmakers for their contempt of convention: no foreplay, no teasing, no steady buildup of dread, just a knock on the door and the slaughterer is there.
Unfortunately, they squander their white-knuckle goodwill on an 11th-hour about-face so preposterous it undermines everything that preceded it.
A lame exercise, delivering shameless thrills at the expense of logic and genuine suspense.
Very bloody, sometimes difficult to watch and sometimes just tiresome.
Can a film be undone by its lame twist ending? In the case of High Tension, the answer is yes.
Just how bloody far are we supposed to suspend our disbelief for a slice-and-dice horror flick?
This is sick. And sickening.
I was annoyed by Levasseur and Aja's desertion of their tense, simple plot in favor of tedious 'plot twists' that could, frankly, use a rest.
A chainsaw-cut above recent entries in the genre: a pure, unapologetic, unironic homage to the likes of Friday the 13th that respectfully salutes all the old shtick.
One of the ugliest movies I've ever seen.
It gets so frustrating that you wish you had a big, gooey wad of rotting Camembert to throw at the screen.
An alternately shocking, creepy and fiendishly suspenseful ride.
I can't say much, except that we've seen it too many times in the past, and each time half the audience feels cheated.
You will be terrified or disgusted or both, which is exactly the way it was back in the day.
A French slasher film that strives to be the slasher film to end all slasher films -- and comes close to succeeding.
[A] shocking, provocative, unforgettable movie about how women are too often overlooked, ignored, underestimated, and misunderstood...
It doesn't make an iota of sense.
Is there such a thing as 'art-house gore'? Why yes...there is.
High Tension proves to be a dud of a horror film.
The movie resists granting moral or visceral space.
[A]n utterly moronic twist [ending] that comes out of left field and makes a hash out of much of what we have already had to endure.
... Collapses under the weight of its own supposed cleverness, imploding unlike any film I have ever seen.
A roaring splatter flick that effectively makes up for all the pain and suffering caused by the recent wave of faux-horror films the 12 year-olds love these days.
It's a no-frills set-up you've seen a hundred times, but rarely has it been executed as well.
[Director Aja] doesn't realize that so much is now lost in translation.
Enough slicing and dicing to satisfy just about anyone's bloodlust.
A throwback to '70s exploitation flicks...with such an infuriating twist that some may feel exploited out of 10 bucks
the worst idea to come out of France since the metric system.
Deftly juggles gore and suspense.
Purely as an exercise in style, this movie has its moments.
It takes a lot of Gaul to pass this unsubtle bit of Texas Chainsaw Massacre blunt-force trauma and derivative Pyscho mumbo-jumbo off as anything much more than crude and graphic.
... this film is satisfied merely to wallow in women in peril, cinematic sadism and the spectacle of violent death and dismemberment.
a disappointing lapse into old-fashioned narrow-mindedness... unable to sustain considerable suspense
Like the fairly recent Cabin Fever and like earlier slasher films of that grisly ilk, High Tension takes a fairly straightforward approach to its essential reason for being, namely the stagecraft of death.
Makes for ghoulish, sick fun.
The film has been partially dubbed into English with the assistance of the world's worst voice actors. The end product is nearly unbearable to watch.
The philosopher Thomas Hobbes tells us life can be 'poor, nasty, brutish and short.' So is this movie.
Works like a filmic jigsaw puzzle, one that ultimately inverts the genre, and powered by a bloody confection of violence and girls running around in sweat-caked T-shirts.
It's certain that a second viewing would reveal numerous inconsistencies and unanswered questions, but because nobody will want to see it twice, we may never know.
For much of its duration the film is a case of intense fare done with an undeniable effectiveness and ingenuity -- until it lurches into a deplorable surprise twist.
High Tension packs a sharply focused punch - like the quick stab of a razorblade to the jugular.
That outrageous third-act reveal proves to be a major deal-breaker.
Undoubtedly a stylistic achievement and a complex, troublesome statement on sexual politics.
Serial killing and other insanity in the French countryside, with ineptly dubbed English dialogue.
Spills blood everywhere but has no pulse.
High Tension thrills you with its bare bones brutality. Then it infuriates you when it abandons the purity of the story for a gimmick.
The best slasher flick I've seen in...wait...it might be the best I can remember.
Simply relentless in both its butchery and its stupidity. To say nothing of its lack of restraint.
Aja takes his time with his film, correctly building tension by letting his camera linger on Marie as she hears screams and slashes and rarely letting the air out to give moviegoers a chance to breathe.
Slasher fans whose fright reflexes are set to hair-trigger mode will jump at High Tension's mathematically precise, fake-out scares. But they're likely to hate themselves for it even as they tremble.
A nasty, mean, unrelenting movie. I loved it.
Even a blood feast this squalid can't get away with chain-sawing all logic.
It's hard to tell whether it's really intended to induce chills or merely to serve as a parody of musty Tobe Hooper cliches.
Alexandre Aja is a born filmmaker, but there's a thin line between toying with your audience and just plain jerking them around. Once he finds it, Aja will be one to watch.
In gory grand gugnal style, with a grindhouse vibe, 'High Tension' definitely lives up to its name.
may start a bit shaky and feature an unfortunate-and homophobic-twist,but by its final gruesome and horrific scene it has wrapped itself firmly around the audience's senses
Deficits are easy to overlook thanks to High Tension's knowing performances and unnerving combination of ambient sound, fluidly jittery cutting, and sly widescreen setups.
Who could have guessed that a so-called slasher movie could be as psychologically haunting as this one manages to be? A new classic of the horror genre has been born.
If only there were some imagination at work here rather than the slash-and-bleed approach splashed across the screen in varying shades of vermillion
If you like this kind of film, it's not to be missed.
A genuinely discomforting, well-executed thriller that turns into a gratuitous, self-contradicting misstep in a heartbeat.
High Tension fulfills its title promise for a goodly portion of the film but, at the critical moment, the plug gets pulled.
Aja creates a very effective slasher thriller only to light a match and send it up in flames with a third act twist that makes absolutely no sense
A thriller with a twist as remarkable as that shown near the end of 'The Village.'
Simply terrifying. A lesson in undulated shock.
An example of, if nothing else, the attitudes that keep lesbians a little farther back in the closet.
Manages to keep running at around 12 volts, with the attractiveness of de France the main charge.
For those who enjoy horror films and don't mind copious quantities of red-dyed fluids, this one is not to be missed.
Sanglant, violent, brutal, divertissant et intelligent. À voir deux fois plutôt qu'une.
Aja's rip-roaring romp certainly gives horror fans more than their money's worth.
For those who like gore with their scares, this is a must. But anyone who was frightened by Scream be warned: this is an entirely different proposition.
If this film is any indicator, [Aja and Levasseur] know their horror.
I can't think of a better review of Haute Tension than the one given by the guy sitting behind me in the theater. I quote: 'HAHAHAHA! OH SH**! HAHA!'
A gorehound's delight.
More calamitous, however, was the decision to dub the film in English. And not just dub, but only partially dub.
So this is a new challenge of sorts - to find the hidden movie in "Haute Tension."
This is a slick and sick little movie that will get under your skin and stay there for weeks.
A disturbingly lurid, sometimes riveting (dare I say fun?), but often offensive spectacle of violence.
The movie is certainly tense, but only from a gut-reaction standpoint. Emotionally, psychologically, there's nothing.
I find myself both enjoying the unapologetic bloodfest of Haute Tension and extending certain digits at it for trying to be overly clever.
The settings are sparse and deserted, the kills are graphic and grotesque; there's a palpable sense of grungy intensity and desperation that helps to seal the deal.
This unsettling, relentless horror film is so gruesome that it keeps you squirming from start to finish.
...an ideal companion piece to John Carpenter's Halloween.
[Haute Tension] is as intense as its French title suggests.










@highlight

There is indeed a good amount of tension in this French slasher, but the dubbing is bad and the end twist unbelievable.