Uneven yet intermittently compelling.
It's a kind of unofficial sequel or sibling, three decades later, to Robert Benton's Oscar-winning Kramer vs. Kramer.
although it is a little more glossy than the novel it is based on, Love and Other Impossible Pursuits is a mature and thoughtful look at the dynamics of the 21st-century family unit.
a picture that doesn't know itself: vague whenever it needs to be specific, bloats whenever it needs to trim.
Often mistakes hollow hysterics for gripping drama.
Don Roos' movie demonstrates Natalie Portman's range, but it leans too heavily on her bad behavior, ignoring the growth the character experiences in a schizophrenic third act.
For a picture that really isn't much more than a high-toned soap opera...surprisingly effective.
One of the bigger challenges in Natalie Portman's career, and she responds with sublime work.
Resembles a number of recent Woody Allen pictures, except without the quality of jokes that leaven even Allen's worst explorations of this turf.
Right now, Portman commands the cineplexes as surrogate for misguided, self-pitying filmmakers.
The film tacks on a lot of issues and then it never quite follows any of them through.
As good as it is at times, The Other Woman never nears greatness; it lacks the mettle and focus to push beyond well-groomed melodrama.
Espouses smart and meaningful insights into the challenges of falling in love with the "wrong" man and joining a family in which one might not be the most natural fit.
Soap opera for the bourgeoisie, The Other Woman is the kind of movie Lifetime audiences would gush over as sensitive and wise.
More affectingly honest about contemporary, complicated parenthood than a traditional chick flick love story. Kudrow pulls off the [most] difficult, crucial scene.
Natalie Portman may have the black swan and the white swan down, but she's still working on the gray.
While Natalie Portman and Lisa Kudrow do some terrific work, it's hard to care about these awful characters.
Slow-moving but mature drama looks at aftermath of affair.
Thanks to Portman's superb work, we feel her pain acutely.
Poignant portrait of a mother dealing with her grief over the death of her infant daughter and struggling with the need to wall herself off from those closest to her.
What happens when a film director falls for a novel crammed with Incredible Moments of Heartbreaking Emotion and turns it into a movie crammed with Incredible Moments of Heartbreaking Emotion
A not-bad movie (written and directed by Don Roos) based on a pretty good book ("Love and Other Impossible Pursuits" by Ayelet Waldman).
Equating interpersonal issues with drama, "The Other Woman" is mostly flat and plodding.
The on-the-nose, audience tested feel of the film's current title also sums up the way the movie plays; what nuance it had went out the window with the original name.
I didn't like a single one of these insufferable narcissists, the kid included.
"The Other Woman" feels like it's directed at an infernally narrow upper-middle-class urbanite demographic, without being even halfway distinctive enough to attract that particular audience.
There's a lot of story (and backstory) here, which Roos tries to squeeze in every which way, via flashbacks, long speeches, and montages set to earnest indie-pop.
Roos does find elements of truth here and there; frustratingly, there are too few of them.
The pain is burningly real, while the settings feel lived-in and appropriately muddied by experience
Ultimately, it's Kudrow who saves the picture: Blazing and bitter, she may be allotted a third dimension only near the end of the movie, but, man, does she pack a wallop when it finally comes.
An emotionally complex film, built around a not particularly likable character..Portman shows a real talent for playing bratty, unhappy women.
Director Don Roos, who also scripted, wobbles tonally, sometimes disastrously.
The Other Woman firmly plants its feet and slaps you across the face until it wrests that precious, precious salt water from your eyes.
A complex, intriguing family drama centering on a young woman's feelings of guilt.
Natalie Portman almost manages to rise above the overt complexities and heavy obviousness of Don Roos' take on thwarted mother love.
The screenwriter and director, Don Roos, squashes a bookful of incidents into a pile of screenplay snippets and smothers his actors in them.
[VIDEO] "The Other Woman" is Natalie Portman's movie. Yes, it's a bitter pill of dramatic woe. But there's no actress better at letting you see the motivation behind her tears.
Not completely without redeeming features, but there's no compelling reason not to just wait until it's out on DVD.
Portman spends most of her time crying or pouting.
It's a sluggish, shrill picture that deals with significant issues of loss and betrayal in the clumsiest manner imaginable.
...a shamelessly manipulative and melodramatic drama that's nevertheless often quite moving...
Just because there are a few bumps along the way, doesn't mean the ride isn't worth taking.
Portman is daring and strong, but Roos' misbegotten screenplay and muddled direction are hopeless.
It's not good enough to warrant a theatrical showing but not bad enough to deserve universal derision.
In lesser, more obvious hands, it could have become a drippy, manipulative Lifetime movie. Even if there are times when it does threaten to seem like such, writer-director Don Roos and his adroit cast never let it cross over.

@highlight

Natalie Portman and Lisa Kudrow deliver fine performances in The Other Woman , but they're muted by Don Roos' clumsy direction and cluttered, melodramatic script.