"The Gospel" is a cliché-filled movie with low production values that says nothing significant about gospel music or its core values.
While The Gospel's faith-laced dialogue might annoy non-Christians, the plot mostly explores themes of a universal nature. Recommended to members of any faith for the stirring, onscreen performance of Grammy-winner Yolanda Adams.
A more-than-fine movie -- the kind that Christians who like to complain about Hollywood should support, and the kind that may appeal to people who aren't interested in church.
Hallelujah for the hymns! They save "The Gospel."
The gospel performances recommend the movie most highly; otherwise it's not due for much praise.
An appealing and entertaining package that makes up for whatever it lacks in perfectly polished sheen in exuberance and passion for its subject and message.
Really, a musical would have been a much better idea.
When the music isn't pounding in sanctified syncopation, the look and the dialogue of The Gospel are a lot like what you might see and hear on daytime TV.
The soapy, cliche-ridden script aside, the picture is a technical mess of awkward framing and choppy editing that puts a dispiriting damper on all that uplifting music.
The Gospel loses focus, getting every bit as lost as its characters.
The lord may work in mysterious ways, but they shouldn't include bad acting and hack direction.
Here's a dramatic version of a familiar story with a contemporary spin and fantastic music.
The whole thing smacks of an overpopulated 'daytime drama.'
It's a rich portrait of a church in transition.
I loved the music and I admired its good intentions. But there are just too many sub-professional touches for me to recommend the film.
While the script and editing are flawed, The Gospel is still an evening's entertainment with heart and soul.
"Wesley say and it shall be," pronounces Wesley (Omar Gooding) in The Gospel.
. . .the movie never reaches the promised land.
The acting's pretty decent
If the choppy screenplay could have been tightly scripted, there would have been something more convincing to forcefully sing about regarding this divine but disjointed ditty
Nothing more or less than a secular retelling of the Biblical parable of the prodigal son.
Voices soar in The Gospel, but the story drags.
So doggedly positive that it amounts to a glossy version of a Sunday-school instructional film.
A sermon writ as large as a multiplex movie screen.
This is a soap opera through and through, with church politics in place of sexual dalliances.
A heartfelt but muddled melodrama.
Endeavors to be a powerful tale of faith and forgiveness, but in the end fails to capture even the slightest essence of spirituality and religious belief, or to provide any real insight into its characters' conflicts, desires and motivations.
The Gospel is rousing, affirmative entertainment.
There's a lot of talk here about religion, as well as plenty of gospel singing, but no sense of what these characters truly believe.
It's no triumph, but at least the makers and musicians want to touch your soul. For some, that may be enough.
The Gospel already has a built-in audience, and I imagine that they'll be pretty satisfied with this musical/drama.
If the plot wanders through several predictable situations, and it does, the movie never lingers too long on those developments before cutting back to the best gospel music I've seen on film since Say Amen, Somebody.
A banal, artless, cliché-ridden fiction.





@highlight

While it features outstanding musical numbers, The Gospel reduces a series of worthy themes -- faith, family, forgiveness -- to soapy, banal clichés.