Blackhat muddles the line between trying to be realistic and action-packed fun, but instead comes across as a potential cure for insomnia
Mann's problem is that, like other directors before him, he can't find a way to make cybercrime look very interesting on screen.
Blackhat, more than any Mann movie to date, represents a filmmaker alienated from his audience.
The writer, otherwise unknown to me, is one Morgan Davis Foehl, and one can certainly say that this particular script is emminently Foehlish. It's also as dull as reading computer code.
. . .a largely turgid affair about the nefarious netherworld of hackers (the titular hats), where men with ones and zeros coursing through their blood write glowing green code at a furious pace.
I'd never suggest [Blackhat] is a perfect movie - but there's a significant amount of odd, stirring stuff here.
I'm not saying that this is a good film, just that it has value beyond its inglorious January release.
When the laptops are shut and are replaced with automatic assault rifles and jolting street battles, things pick up, but there is the chance that you might just have lost interest by that stage.
The trailer had promised a fast-paced thriller. It lied.
Mann's preference for digital film is not well served by some of Blackhat's more frenetic sequences.
It should have been a Jason Bourne flick. Instead, it's sort of a poor man's version, so try not to think too hard about that, or the whole thing will turn mildly ridiculous.
This is not a film about tight plotting or slam-bang action, but about style. Pure, hypnotic, mesmerizing style.
[Hemsworth] spends much of the film tapping away on keyboards, frequently looking down at his hands - no, really, the expert computer hacker looks at his hands to type.
Mann puts the hackneyed in this hacker film.
One of the most visceral, thrilling and enjoyable movie-watching experiences of the year.
There is an intriguing enough plot to keep our interest-it's just obfuscated by an excess of filmmaker insecurity towards what we'll understand without being talked down to like a child.
It's Michael Mann good in flashes.
The plot is both too in control and out, but the shots are absolutely taut, audacious, imperfect, and compelling.
The meat of the story takes too long to develop and by the time it does, I found myself too detached to really care about the outcome.
It's in the home stretch... that Blackhat finally feels like a movie. Whether you're willing to slog through that first 80 minutes to get there, though? That's a different question.
An intricate mystery and a handful of explosive action scenes don't make up for problems with casting, characterization and pacing, and the film's 133 minutes end up feeling like an epic eternity.
It's still no return to form for Mann after the disappointing Miami Vice and Public Enemies.
Blackhat feels like the vehicle that Mann wanted to explore the hacking world but the casting and the script's counterintuitive motivations it mutated away from his intent. It's a shame.
Get over the shock of seeing Chris Hemsworth as a keyboard-clicking computer hacker rather than a hammer-heaving Marvel hero and Michael Mann's stylish cyber thriller Blackhat will soon have you gripped and intrigued.
Such a deranged, half-kidding symphony of color, movement and sheer cinematic muscle, I spent most of the running time trying to pick my jaw up off the floor.
This is visionary filmmaking of the first order.
Blackhat is a journey down the cyber rabbit hole, only instead of finding a land of wonder, you're stuck with a land reeking of stagnation and surrounded by tedium...
By the final (and predictable) act, the only feeling is relief that the ordeal has rumbled to its eventual conclusion.
It's not very good. Some of it, in fact, is downright awful.
A Michael Mann film, and storycraft and logical commitment are thus not as important as mood and style in providing the film's backbone.
A square-jawed, furrowed-browed, altogether joyless film, with a hero to match ...
"The whole thing looks like heightened news footage; raw, visceral and urgent."
This is a film where the substance is all within the style, making it more akin to crime films from the Asian territories it visits (and takes co-stars from) than the tropes of Hollywood procedurals
Blackhat is an inconsistent, ill-conceived affair which rarely, if ever, rings true.
The global village may be vulnerable to computer geeks and unscrupulous corporations, but it's managed to block the progress of this opportunistic dud. Well done, everybody. Justice has been served.
There's more style than substance to all this, and you can't help feeling that Mann might be presenting his credentials to direct a future James Bond film, but it's not without entertainment value.
This mysteriously misbegotten flick should be a gritty 10-hour miniseries so it would have time to explore its ideas and potentially fascinating characters.
The fight against cyber-terrorism couldn't be more topical and the film is as stylish and strikingly well-made as we have come to expect from Mann.
What makes Mann such a fascinating but paradoxical film-maker is his grandiose approach toward material that often seems utterly formulaic.
It's never less than watchable and the beautifully choreographed brutality of the final pay-off is worth the wait.
The spectacle here is sometimes absorbing but more often ridiculous, and it isn't [Mann's] best work.
A competent procedural rather than the ground-breaking cybersaga we'd hoped for. But as with Miami Vice, Mann's boundless style does a remarkable job of disguising the lack of substance.
Much cybercandy here to chew on.
Michael Mann doesn't make standard frantic-pace thrillers (see Heat and Public Enemies); he prefers to work at a more controlled stride
It's no Heat but the niggles are easily forgiven given the virtuosity on show and the mood oozing from every frame. No one shoots faces, architecture and gunfights like Mann.
While there's some fun to be had in the urgent, explosive action sequences, Mann's characteristic style can't conceal the screenplay's lack of substance.
If you think a film about computer hackers furiously tapping their keyboards sounds a bit dull, Blackhat proves you right.
Bland performance and massive indifference: not one of Mann's best efforts
It's as if Mann has simply run out of things to say about the crime story, but doesn't know what else to talk about anymore.
The kind of movie film theorists could only dream about a century ago.
A pervading sense of "who gives a sh-t" permeates the whole affair. I can't recall the last time I heard a sound mix this bad in a major motion picture.
Hints of a quasi-apocalyptic chill seem arbitrary-neither symbolic nor dramatic. The effect is like watching software run itself.
With Blackhat, pulp-film auteur Michael Mann takes a stab the sub-genre, and if he can't do it then no one can. So apparently no one can.
No one is particularly interesting here, and unfortunately the fate of "Blackhat" is the same that has befallen many a January action flick: it's a miss.
Thor is very unimpressive without his hammer.
... tries to be a taut cat-and-mouse procedural and a cautionary tale about technological overreach, but fizzles both ways.
Disappointingly inert, lifeless adventure.
Nobody can top Mann's urban night scenes, with their oily neon and skyscraper light grids, but for the most part this plays like Heat without the heat.
As fascinated with harnessing light as the early humans were, Mann sees the skylines of Hong Kong, Los Angeles and Jakarta as fluorescent palettes with which to indulge his aesthetic whims.
...manages an idiosyncratic pulse for a cyber-thriller, and that's due largely to Mann.
Hemsworth and Tang Wei are pretty but boring. They are to the movie as a food bolus is to the esophagus, a painful blockage that should have been removed to make room for the much more digestible and flavorful team of Viola Davis and Wang Leehom.
James Bond grows a brain but the audience is not buying it.
Mann's idea of following data through computer systems leaves you thinking he's worn out his VHS tape of Tron.
"Blackhat" is a clunky Michael Mann movie and a classed-up Steven Seagal movie. To perceive either statement as an outright pan is to deny the surface pleasures in either. A lesser effort, but bleak, brooding and beautiful enough to skate by.
This shaky action flick directed by Michael Mann botches its shot at being the of-the-moment cyberdrama it might have been.
Preposterous nonsense.
The movie's not all bad. It's just a bit bland.
Not everything about Blackhat is designed for us to understand, but like most of Mann's best work it hits you on a gut level.
Mann, whose films often pop off the screen with urgency and vibrancy, opts for a grainy, muted and measured approach here, a choice that will have some filmgoers wishing their auditorium seat came equipped with a fast-forward button.
Let's start with the fact that Hemsworth stars as the world's most brilliant hacker. Let that sink in for a moment.
Michael Mann's worst movie to date...
Unfortunately, Blackhat proves to be worthier of January's taint than of Mann's good name.
The movie feels very out of date as if (director Michael) Mann recently discovered the power and potential of computers.
While it isn't great, the director's technical flourishes and storytelling elements remain consistently compelling,
Blackhat may be so lovingly and artistically crafted that it fools some viewers into judging it as an art film.
The movie's most depressing feature is its naked pandering for overseas box office. If there's one thing worse than appealing to the lowest common American denominator, it's appealing to the lowest common global denominator.
Blackhat, or Thordfish, as I like to call it, feels like what happens when a director realizes his project was a bad idea halfway in and still has to deliver a movie.
It has a decent ludicrousness and Mann's one-of-a-kind talent for using digital photography and naturalistic light to complicate and invigorate anonymous spaces.
The majority of Blackhat is spent digging through encrypted code, which is like trying to find clues in a mountain of digital mashed potatoes. You realize that Blackhat is undeniably unremarkable and it just crawls along at a snail's pace.
Given our brave new cyber world, someone in Hollywood is going to have to come up with a better way to do it. Watching actors tap out code as big buzzing screens of digital data flash on the screen just doesn't cut it.
It's a timely topic, and one Mann could have surfed to the very edge of accessibility had he found the right line, but he nosedives in the first act.
Mann may not be at the top of his form here, but Blackhat is still proof that even in a flawed work, he is a master filmmaker.
Physical indignities contrast with the soft, silent attack of data: plot is mere ruse for Mann's investment in a sensory dialectic that brims with bloody lament for a world that can be touched, punched, tasted, smelt, embraced, released and rained upon.
Blackhat plays like a parody of a Michael Mann movie, which is depressing, given that it IS a Michael Mann movie.
No one fires automatic weapons with the sort of abandon a character in a Michael Mann movie does. Beautiful visuals.
Blackhat is a boring and visually-disappointing entry from Michael Mann, and a film perfectly suited for the January dumping ground.
Blackhat works best when it's suggesting visual connections between people and things, cities and tech.
[Mann's] closeup work on the characters themselves is shaky, perhaps in the hope that we won't notice they're made of cardboard.
What keeps the mélange compelling is the sense of transience that Mann has been nurturing in his recent work. His fascination with characters who have no nation beyond their own immediate selves reaches a kind of emblematic apotheosis.
Another silly cyber-thriller, almost saved by an intense Hemsworth and some bruising action.
Blackhat is a visual blowout, but it's no Blow Out
Intriguing but overlong thriller gets pretty violent.
By the time we actually meet the villain it's too little too late.
The ongoing struggle to make cyber crime an exciting time at the movies continues with Michael Mann's Blackhat, a ridiculous mish-mash of genre stereotypes.
If it weren't for the credited "Directed by Michael Mann," I'd say THIS was a hack job. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Mann would rather be coasting the canals or stewing over crime scenes. The definiteness of computers seems to stymie him. For all his digital resources, his existentialism is analog.
Its story is preposterous, asking viewers to make many leaps in judgment and logic, but Mann's presentation of the story is exactly right.
Blackhat boasts a ripped from the headlines theme and dialogue swiped from a dime-store novel.
Like a bad thriller trying to be a Michael Mann film
Mann must have felt he could overcome the script's abundant shortcomings by simple exertion of style. He was wrong about this.
...a collection of B-movie action sequences involving fights and gunplay poorly shot on purpose.
"Blackhat" is enjoyable, for what it is. But it's not what it could be.
About as thrilling and current as a first-generation Atari game system, an exercise in sleek redundancy where words like "malware" and are supposed to generate shivers of excruciating anticipation.
Stock markets, bank accounts, and NSA sites aren't the only thing being hacked in Blackhat. The whole thing reeks of hackery.
"Blackhat" would be a more interesting movie if it were actually about a black hat.
Overwritten and not particularly well-acted.
Blackhat is a plodding, visually murky snoozer whose plot is completely illogical.
A glossy tech-thriller from director Michael Mann that works through its unnecessary tangents and shaggy subplots by sheer force of its filmmaking prowess.
That it is cold and unfeeling may be the point, but that doesn't change what it is.
Michael Mann's Blackhat is supposed to be a hack attack thriller. Instead, it is a bloody bore.
Blackhat is a difficult movie to understand.
Technology may have changed, cyber-crime may be all the rage, but the narrative song remains the same in films like this, and it's a tune this director knows by heart.
Despite being overlong, Blackhat is mostly engaging.
A spectacular work of unhinged moviemaking.
Perhaps the Sony hackers should have skipped The Interview and tried to shut down Blackhat. Then again, they never said they had anything against abject boredom.
Mann also used to have a much better feel for action, in movies like Heat, Collateral and Manhunter, than he exhibits here.
Blackhat plays a surprisingly flat and ever-flatter cinema texture against the careful roll-out of an elaborate plot.
Why does the computer villain bother with concocting such a large, risky, complicated cyber plan to make money when he can knock down a quick $74 million by simply manipulating stocks?
most notable for highlighting the human toll of high stakes hacking in far bloodier terms than Sony recently experienced and a few well executed action scenes.
Once the exposition is out of the way, "Blackhat" features so much stylized momentum that it's easy to get caught up in the far-fetched hoopla.
There might be catharsis in it for, say, someone who's fallen victim to identity theft, but it's a pretty cozy vision of cyberspace.
The characters are flat. The plot drags. The tension is nonexistent. The action scenes are clunky.
The premise is interesting, and certainly timely, though the film feels assembled from used components.
Blackhat does have a good amount going for it, [but] it also can't outrun its major issues.
One of the most visually unattractive movies I've ever seen.
A disappointing film about cybercrime and the difficulties in dealing with it.
Blackhat proves you CAN polish a turd
A dim-witted, dullard of a thriller about hacking and terrorism for profit that has one saving grace: timeliness...Being current only gets you so far when the script is techno-babble nonsense and the acting is as wooden as the Sequoia National Forest.
a timely idea poorly executed by someone who usually excels at this kind of thing
There's way too much cyber in this movie, but at least there's some thriller, too.
Break down the film, and it's just a Western in digital drag. Put Mann on the case, and you're in for high-style gamesmanship. Short attention spans need not apply,
I wouldn't mind seeing some of the scenes and images again, as part of a highlights reel divorced from the material we're meant to care about.
"Blackhat" is pretty much nonsense, which Mann directs with such misplaced energy and with such little natural instinct for the material that, for most of the running time, the movie's problems seem entirely his fault.
This is a big misfire, a career steppingstone in the wrong direction.
"Blackhat" is a mess of a movie from Michael Mann, a would-be cyberthriller slowed by stupidity and sabotaged by a stunningly silly subplot.
Blackhat could have been a very timely thriller about cyber-terrorism... but instead, it's just another style-over-substance misfire from Mann.
Sadly, any hope for a pants-wetting night at the movies with real-world horror is brushed away in the first act, where Mann solidifies his intent to make a standard-issue actioner filled with logic whoppers, dim performances, and banal dialogue.
Where his previous films functioned as elegant, skillful genre pieces, Blackhat gets hung up by an abysmal script and a trio of miscast actors in the lead roles.
The movie's smart ideas are overlaid with dull, standard-issue moments of people typing on computers or pursuits through crowded streets.
The Sony hacking disaster may draw some attention to the movie, but Blackhat is strictly Hollywood hokum with a limited shelf life.
Slow, boring and inconsequential, with a butt-ugly visual style and stakes that are both low and ever-changing. Has nothing to say and no light to shed on its subject
Blackhat isn't interested in being a Michael Mann film. It's a serviceable crime thriller with the confused aspirations of wanting to be the next Jason Bourne vehicle.
Not top-tier Mann, but at times it comes close enough and a slightly diminished Mann is still better than just about everybody else. The action scenes are impeccable.
About 20 times less cool than it should be.
Old-hat, an unimaginative take on a cutting-edge subject that comes off both ludicrous and boring.
Michael Mann has made some good movies. This is not one of them.
The action scenes don't measure up to the all-timers in "Heat" or "Miami Vice" but are more than exciting enough once belief is suspended and you forget that these are supposed to be rival groups of computer hackers, not Navy Seals and terrorists.
It has a lot of raw energy, and raw energy goes a long way in a movie that mostly consists of people typing and pointing at screens.
An interminably long and not very thrilling cyberthriller whose high point is an arty blue-lit shot of Chris Hemsworth wearing nothing but an electronic ankle monitor.
A stylistic treat that is essentially incoherent when it comes to plotting, characterization and dialogue.
Serves no purpose other than deflating the director's reputation and the star's chances of ever starring in anything that doesn't involve a helmet with horns on it.
Blackhat is a tedious, preposterous and incoherent cyberthriller that is anything but thrilling.
In terms of both its global locales and cast, few movies have been as riveting in their exploration of the friend/enemy relationship between China and the U.S.
Real men do Tech in Michael Mann's timely cybercrime thriller about an unlikely team of Chinese and American agents on the trail of a mysterious hacker.
Go ahead and call this silly, but that's missing the point.
Occasionally, Mann shows flashes of the sort of springloaded action set pieces he was once hailed for ... But mostly they just come off as warmed-over parodies from a onetime master aping his own style.
Director Michael Mann's hacker thriller Blackhat suggests the once great filmmaker has nothing left to draw on in his artistic arsenal than the same old crime tropes he helped popularize and that he's fallen back on for too many years now.
Blackhat is a sparkless cyber-thriller in which Chris Hemsworth's most worthy adversary is a shirt with buttons, as he constantly fights a losing battle to keep them fastened.
Blackhat is Michael Mann's best film in a decade. Yes, that means it's better than Miami Vice and Public Enemies. That's how this works.
Even if you love Michael Mann, and lust for Chris Hemsworth, this deep January technothriller does not compute.
Slick and sometimes goofy as it is, "Blackhat" is an odd, fascinating movie: a high-tech action thriller about the human condition.
"Blackhat" is the rare film in which overall viscera trumps more comfortable virtues.
Boring and bloated, it's as if some conglomerate of agents and execs and international moneymen changed the programming and language of Michael Mann with the hope that he might be Michael Bay.
Blackhat may not rise to the level of Collateral or The Insider, but nor does it deserve the indignity of a mid-January release.
The script is a mix of talky exposition and gun battles, the lowest form of cinematic action..a cyber-thriller that's distinctly short on thrills, not to mention credibility.
The fluency of Mann's direction and the slow-burn chemistry between Chris Hemsworth and Tang Wei counterbalance the more ordinary, and not always involving, procedural elements.
Michael Mann strains to keep up with the times with this au courant but visually muddled, dramatically clumsy cyberthriller.
A finely produced thriller, mature and classy. It just doesn't pound your pulse nearly enough to achieve its ambitious goal of turning computerized larceny into the stuff great films are made of.
There are fifty things about Blackhat that make no sense. But on a visceral level, it works.
Such a massive fiasco that it's hard to know where to begin analyzing it.
A sensuous, ravishing collection of images that occasionally give way to murky plotting and dull characters, "Blackhat" is a minor (but palpably hypnotic) film from a major American action auteur.
It's acceptably entertaining while you're watching it. But how depressing that Michael Mann should settle for being acceptably anything.
Michael Mann's latest and most thrillingly abstract action film to date.
There is enough to like in Blackhat, if you don't mind sifting through a lot of bad code.
Michael Mann's camera elegantly collapses the spaces between bodies and objects without sacrificing spatial coherence.
If Hemsworth would just smile a bit more and not garble his lines like a doped-up Sly Stallone, maybe I'd have bought the preposterous plot.
For all of the detail the movie throws at you, it is about as realistic as Superman III when it comes to computers, and Hemsworth is just as realistic a hacker as Richard Pryor was in that film.

@highlight

Thematically timely but dramatically inert, Blackhat strands Chris Hemsworth in a muddled misfire from director Michael Mann.