The jokes are as creaky as the would-be robbers' ageing bodies, but Thompson's air of wry disdain and Brosnan's frisky playfulness are enormously winning.
The lead actors outshine a predictable script in this globetrotting romantic caper.
...an underwhelming and forgettable endeavor that squanders the efforts of its charismatic leads.
This "Punch" never truly connects.
Thompson is one of those rarities who shines in just about anything. Her crack timing enlivens even her worst lines.
Alas, there are no sparks. There is no excitement. Hopkins' clumsy script simply bumbles its way past plot holes into predictabilities.
A delightful, breezy and outrageously funny slice of mindless entertainment with a charming cast.
Pierce Brosnan and Emma Thompson...make a charming couple. But their best efforts can't save Joel Hopkins' weak script,...which he also directed, clumsily.
Most everything about this movie is predictable within the first few minutes ...
Hopkins managed a genuine delight a few years ago with "Last Chance Harvey," starring Thompson and Dustin Hoffman as two late-in-life lovers in London. But his new script has none of that wit.
A good-natured if strenuously wacky caper comedy about a divorced British couple who plot a diamond heist to save their pensions.
Decent. Pleasant. Serviceable. Agreeable.
Seeing The Love Punch is a lot like going on a rather pedestrian cruise but having a smashing couple that you look forward to seeing at dinner every night.
...appallingly implausible...lowlighted by a total lack of chemistry between Thompson and Brosnan.
A heist-caper comedy with Emma Thomson and Pierce Brosnan as a winsome couple on a grand adventure to recover their love and much more.
Despite Brosnan and Thompson's inherent likability and natural chemistry, the two actors end up feeling more like old friends than a sizzling romantic item.
A romantic comedy as painfully unfunny as a sock in the jaw.
Critics - and viewers - will either huffily reject all this nonsense out of hand, wondering how such intelligent, quick-witted performers...could stoop to this level of moviemaking. Or, they'll take a deep breath, relax, and go with it.
The revenge-of-the-ripped-off plot here is nothing new; rarely, though, have we had such charming companions on the voyage over that well-trod ground.
The movie, which feels like something made back in the late 1960s or early '70s, is so relentlessly silly it's hard to watch without a lot of eye-rolling.
Fairly lightweight, but Brosnan and Thompson bring such a sense of fun to the slapstick that you ignore how insubstantial it all is.
Manages to be excruciatingly unfunny despite the presence of Pierce Brosnan and Emma Thompson in the lead roles.
The cast is FAR funnier than the script or direction.
How to Steal a Million it's not - Brosnan sleepwalks through his dialogue, and there's at least one unforgivable James Bond reference - but The Love Punch is too sunny and self-effacing to be truly toxic.
[...] Thompson and Brosnan really are fine romantic foils. They deserve a better movie to trade barbs in. They deserve better barbs to trade.
Neither the Brosnan charm nor the Thompson pedigree can save a movie that's embarrassing to all involved.
The comedy is very hit-and-miss and the action elements are also a mixed bag.
Adventurously sweet 'n' silly, it's light-hearted, feel-good fun that's geared to amuse middle-aged audiences.
The jokes are as creaky as the aching bunions and bad backs onscreen, but Emma Thompson and Pierce Brosnan are incandescent together.
If you like comfy slacks and mildly amusing sitcoms, you're in for a ball. I found the ending cheery - mainly because I got to leave.
An old-school caper comedy, this goofy romp struggles to surmount its badly contrived screenplay.
While there is a sequel planned for The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, let's just sincerely hope that this particular endeavour, though inoffensive, ends abruptly here.
This is a broad, old school comedy: imagine Mrs Brown's Boys without the swearing. Or Brendan O'Carroll. Or the jokes.
Utterly joyless - although you can somehow imagine Nigel Farage enjoying it immensely.
If the plot is a bit clumsy, that's more than made up for with sheer exuberance and plenty of cheeky banter.
Thompson seems convinced that she's taking part in a critique of careless capitalism, as opposed to a hideous hybrid of The Pink Panther, Sex and the City and Terry and June.
Despite four game stars, this is ill-conceived and poorly executed.
There are some guffaws and the actors look as if they're enjoying the Riviera locations, but dignity is in short supply.
Hopkins keeps the action moving at a zippy pace and displays a lightness of touch that keeps the film from becoming too excruciating in its more ridiculous moments.
If ... it sounds like the sort of film you would find almost any excuse to avoid, then trust your instincts.
It reeks of 1970s television sit-coms rather than 21st century cinema. Perhaps Hopkins is intent on making Pierce and Emma the new Terry and June?
A moderately amusing diversion that coasts by on the charm of its cast. It might just put a spring in your step.
The accomplished cast do their considerable best. Likable fun.
The Love Punch has once again shown how rich a pool of mature actors we have, while also demonstrating how much they deserve better material.
We loll, longing for literally anything else. A movie about Stalin? The Foreign Legion? Donald Duck?
Emma Thompson and Pierce Brosnan deserve better than this creaky heist-caper comedy from 'Last Chance Harvey' director Joel Hopkins.
You haven't seen cringeworthy till you've seen a group of mature British actors in granny-beige M&S slacks doing the Reservoir Dogs walk
Tonally wonky, comedically creaky and confuses light-as-a-soufflé with just plain silly.
You just have to go with it. This is pure unadulterated wish-fulfilment for the over-50s with a sunset ending that could have been sponsored by Saga Holidays.
Brosnan and Thompson seem hell-bent on a good time, but Joel Hopkins' broad, lazy script is no sparkler.
The movie's indulgeable while not really being much cop.
There's herbal teas that hit harder than The Love Punch ...

@highlight

In spite of a pair of extremely talented leads and a premise that should lend itself to entertaining action and comedy, The Love Punch manages to waste it all on a bungled attempt at classic caper cinema.