A serviceable political drama carried by its strong cast performances and undone by its attempt to do too much.
"Miss Sloane" is a film and a character that isn't just one step ahead of you, it's lapping you around the running track like Captain America at the beginning of "The Winter Soldier."
There's little doubt that the success of John Madden's latest film, Miss Sloane, lays in the blisteringly chilly performance from Jessica Chastain.
[Jessica Chastain's] interpretation of the Elizabeth Sloane character blends well into the film's attempt to portray a realm of moral ambiguity.
Fans of House of Cards should enjoy this -- it has a similar focus on a take-no-prisoners maverick who stakes it all on being more conniving than the other devils in the room.
...Jessica Chastain delivers a strong performance.
The wonderful Jessica Chastain's role looks almost like a foreshadowing of her job recently in "Molly's Game"
Madden gives us a heroine, maybe not to emulate, but to fete with Miss Sloane, the greatest movie Aaron Sorkin never wrote.
Miss Sloane is a political thriller so sharp that, were it not so gripping and thoroughly entertaining, it would be in real danger of cutting not just itself but its audience too.
Miss Sloane is a Greek tragedy set in Washington, D.C. It is an admirable study in morals and character and deviousness -- and filmmaking.
This political thriller is made for people who hate politics.
Chastain's electrifying, shrewdly honed performance shows us someone who doesn't worry about shattering glass ceilings. Why should she when a blow touch is so much easier and more effective?
Miss Sloane has a narrative momentum that is hard to wholly resist. It's absurd. But it's never boring.
Chastain is one of the main claims of the film, and she is up to the demands with a role in which she shows as much energy as subtlety, but the most remarkable thing is the script. [Full review in Spanish]
A convincing thriller with court touches that manages to keep you entertained at all times. [Full review in Spanish]
Miss Sloane is well performed and it's gripping for the entirety of its two hours, even if its final twist is less effective in afterthought than it is in the moment.
A fascinating film for its paradoxical tension, generated by holding a liberal ethical discourse on the dubious operation of a conflictive and reprehensible character. [Full review in Spanish]
Miss Sloane is very engaging - the back and forth between the characters is fast paced and intelligent (for the most part), and the twists and turns are both satisfying and occasionally gasp-worthy.
It's all fast dialogue, archetypes and some genre cliches but in this world principles can show in strange places, and although Sloane shows cracks, there is, refreshingly, no big ole explainer backstory.
The sharp script is undermined by its convoluted efforts to be clever... But as a glimpse into the power and workings of DC lobbyists, Miss Sloane has a lead character and message that bite.
A very instructive thriller about an unknown sector: home espionage, buying votes from congressmen and campaigns that discredit adversaries. [Full review in Spanish]
Hard to root for but mesmerising to watch, Sloane is expertly portrayed by Chastain in this dialogue-heavy lobbyist thriller that should please fans of both actor and genre.
Perhaps this look at the amoral world of lobbying would have been better served as a House Of Cards-style TV drama.
It's a towering, armour-plated performance.
Jessica Chastain plays a sassy if soulless vixen who falls foul of the gun lobby.
Think a female Michael Clayton. It's Michelle Clayton.
This Miss deserves to be a hit.
Chastain stalks the corridors of power with steely aplomb in Madden's coolly compelling incursion into House of Cards territory.
Elizabeth Sloane's a real piece of work - and so is this film.
Chastain keeps the story rooted in some kind of reality with a bravura performance that diverts the eye from mounting improbabilities and shows us tantalising glimpses of Sloane's well-hidden vulnerabilities.
The film's unwillingness to engage in any meaningful sense with the issues it purports to raise feels like an opportunity squandered.
A satisfying courtroom thriller delivered in way you both expect and appreciate.
Miss Sloane pivots entertainingly and it's fun watching a seasoned double-dealer rub up against more high-minded colleagues.
It is a little glib and contrived but not enough to spoil the fun.
Jessica Chastain spends most of Miss Sloane teetering on the brink of nervous exhaustion. Ten minutes in her character's company and you'll know how she feels.
[A] slickly accomplished thriller about the lobbying industry in Washington.
Lots is entertaining, not least the voracious Jessica Chastain as a she-shark coolly gliding her way through these murky waters.
Miss Sloane has the roar of a good political satire/thriller, Merlin-engined for velocity and plot panache.
The script is never as slick as that of The West Wing but the noble quest and fast-paced dialogue are reminiscent of it, with the cunning and darkness of House of Cards.
The real pleasure of the film comes from Chastain's wonderfully acerbic and uninhibited performance.
Though patently thriving in its cinematic tropes, overstated and over-embellished for dramatic effect, the film is grounded persistently by its narrative and core themes, as we linger studiously over an incredibly relevant debate and discussion.
As it becomes increasingly slick and contrived, Miss Sloane seems to lose sight of the better film it might have been but it contains some great banter, a cast of old pros like John Lithgow, and Chastain is firing on all cylinders.
First-time screenwriter Jonathan Perera delivers a surprisingly ambitious script, full of twists and turns and, perhaps most satisfying, the type of rat-a-tat dialogue that warms the hearts of West Wing fans.
Never less than involving, even when it feels a tad familiar
Miss Sloane raises important issues but loses focus.
By the subject it approaches and by its narrative structure, the film never ceases to be interesting. Unfortunately, it fails towards the end because its plot starts resembling a soap opera. [Full review in Spanish]
Although a bit forced, the plot twist towards the end allow to find a sense to the dark side of the protagonist. The secondary characters are wasted but if you want to see a good acting job, it's highly recommended. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting political thriller, with a revealing final act, that ideologically doesn't take stance on gun control. [Full review in Spanish]
The film maintains a rhythm that although it's not vertiginous, it keeps the spectator interested. However, in the end isn't enough. [Full review in Spanish]
Armed with rhetorical questions that ricochet and a take-no-prisoners attitude, Chastain's Elizabeth Sloane is a mass of sharp, compelling angles. Anyone who needs their protagonist to be likeable shouldn't bother with the film.
The plot-heavy, dialogue-driven film strongly evokes what it is like living in a morally elastic atmosphere where the rules of conduct are driven more by convenience than conscience.
Miss Sloane has so many twists, turns, feints and red-herrings, the plot becomes unnecessarily complicated. It's Chastain's powerful screen presence that carries the film.
Miss Sloane is a taut "thriller", for lack of a better genre pigeonhole, brilliantly acted and intriguingly constructed, with only several baffling creative decisions bringing it slightly down.
Be prepared to stay alert throughout Miss Sloane, or stay away until it drops on home video, where a little pause/rewind will come in very handy.
Chastain's delivery of this stone-cold bitch is unbreakable.
Dialogue heavy but astute in its observations of the world of political lobbying, Miss Sloane is a formidable platform for the talents of Jessica Chastain, whose Elizabeth Sloane pops pills, pays for sex and does whatever it takes to win.
Miss Sloane is a highly gripping drama with a tour-de-force lead performance.
Jessica Chastain plays a fascinating role, an unapologetically powerful woman, capable of ugly behavior as well as kindness, and refreshingly unexplained.
This is a movie that moves fast. It challenges the audience to keep up because the main character is a person who is always one step ahead of everybody else.
Miss Sloane does have plot twists aplenty, and one big novelty: Its amoral protagonist is female.
Miss Sloane's victory feels so hollow at the end because the movie is addicted to the rush of the revelation or trick -- the game itself. And it ends up reducing politics to a glib game as well.
Miss Sloane holds a mirror up to the ugliness of the political world. It's a hypnotic, haunting spectacle.
Miss Sloane piles up too many red, white and blue herrings; too many things need to go right in order to reach its conclusion.
Someday Jessica Chastain will shine, but she needs a screenplay.
A realistic look at what really goes on behind the doors in Washington.
Boring and Lacking Appeal
Elizabeth Sloane is a character so archetypal, so prescriptive, that you imagine she wasn't born in normal human fashion but rather created in a lab from leftover vials of testosterone and male tears.
Flawed but entertaining.
Now, with Miss Sloane, Chastain brings the heat. She carries this film on her shoulders; she elevates even the most flawed stories.
Chastain stomps around barking at everybody, while director John Madden and his cast (Sam Waterston, John Lithgow, Mark Strong, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Alison Pill, etc.) struggle to bring all these glib stick figures to life.
Believability is overrated, and it's much more satisfying to let go of our plausibility needs and sit back to enjoy Miss Sloane's near-supernatural powers of strategic anticipation.
Too melodramatic, but Chastain is fierce, from first scene to last.
A tense political thriller about a smart and sassy Washington lobbyist whose primary ethic is winning.
As the film's title character, a Washington lobbyist, Chastain commands your attention.
A Jessica Chastain star performance.
For Miss Sloane the Trump card is Chastain, who takes a character that could easily be hated and makes her one we wish really existed.
If you don't think too much about it - a hell of a thing to have to do in a movie that is asking you to think about it - it's an engaging story.
Miss Sloane is a gripping tale of gamesmanship, dirty tricks and backroom shenanigans. In the end, it isn't entirely believable, but it's mighty entertaining nonetheless.
There's a lot to admire here.
Chastain makes the most of it with a performance that reflects the go-for-broke ethos of the character.
Smartly, the screenplay by Jonathan Perera, making his cinematic debut, doesn't let the audience off the hook for their convictions (at least until the film's too neat final gambit).
Miss Sloane is too good in the early going to be completely undone by a wonky finale.
What begins as an intelligent probe into the world of lobbying ends up a generic thriller that's more about the "surprise" twists than about the actual subject matter.
Miss Sloane tells a story that feels like it was ripped right out of yesterday's headlines, [and] that coupled with Chastain's magnificence helping make the film a gripping spellbinder worth seeking out.
Perera's snappy dialogue aspires to Aaron Sorkin-type crackle, and almost gets there, thanks to vigorous direction from veteran John Madden, working with a top-flight cast.
Compromised by too many plot twists, Miss Sloane is not a searing condemnation of Capitol Hill politics nor a penetrating character portrait of an adrenaline-addicted power player. But it is a terrifically acted, electric thriller.
An engrossing and beautifully acted meditation on how broken our political system is, Miss Sloane forgoes intelligence for intrigue.
The creators of Miss Sloane probably never imagined that their cynical film would seem downright quaint. Life comes at you fast.
Following a pair of sojourns to the adorable Marigold Hotel, John Madden (Shakespeare in Love) takes a giant step forward with this perfectly timed tale of how to draw and quarter a lobbyist.
... aims to rile up moviegoers as much as entertain them, although by the end, it might not elicit more than a shrug.
Liz is most in control of herself when she's at her most self-destructive, and she is mesmerizing to watch.
Chastain is so good at the steely-eye determinism of Sloane, in the believability of what she does, and in making us understand why she does it, that the character is likable and even relatable despite her repugnant win-at-all-cost methods.
The overall plot arc and not-super-well-laid plot twists fill the space, but it's Chastain who fills the role that lifts the film above the cesspool it seeks to eviscerate.
While 'Miss Sloane' may not exceed expectations, Jessica Chastain's performance is worth lobbying for during awards season.
Chastain is fun to watch and cackles convincingly, but a scene in which Liz Sloane shows up for a meeting dressed like the Devil Girl from Mars made me eager to make my escape.
Engaging but uneven political drama has mature content.
An Oscar-worthy lead performance by Jessica Chastain. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
"Miss Sloane" is basically the "I'm the motherf---er who found this place" scene from "ZD30" stretched to two hours. That is not a bad thing. Sloane is in love with the game and her mastery of it, and there's a ferocious joy to Chastain's performance.
...a perfectly competent endeavor that never quite rises above the level of barely-passable mediocrity.
Miss Sloane is a powerfully conceived thriller with something dead at its centre: there is no reason a female protagonist must be good or well-behaved, but she must at least be interesting.
We don't need to like her, but Chastain makes us understand and even sympathize with her, ruthless and cunning though she may be. It's remarkable work.
A solid Washington thriller with some telling (and accurate) details, moral dilemmas, and plot twists that keep you guessing until the last ten minutes.
As a dramatic thriller, it does what it needs to do to keep the audience involved and interested, even if some of its most theatrical tricks and twists are more the products of a writer's invention than actual Washington D.C. activities.
The movie shares with other mainstream political dramas an easy notion of Washington as a hopeless cesspool of sellouts, paybacks, and heinous personal betrayals.
While "Miss Sloane" is by no means even a minor classic of the genre, it's fantastic, wall-to-wall entertainment, brimming with movie-movie lines.
Miss Sloane serves up plenty that's worth seeing, from Jessica Chastain's take-no-prisoners performance to the sly ways director John Madden and rookie screenwriter Jonathan Perera condemn the lobbying industry.
Chastain performs the most precarious balancing act of her career so far: infusing a rigid, unlikable, self-absorbed lobbyist with just enough humanity to keep us on her side.
The reason to see Miss Sloane is Jessica Chastain, an actor apparently constitutionally incapable of giving a bad performance.
Chastain's performance is brilliant... Had the movie around her lived up to that, she might very well be walking off with a gold statue in a couple of months.
Overall, MISS SLOANE suffers from a maudlin conclusion that spoon-feeds a resolution to the audience, but for ninety percent of the running time its an excellent, character-driven drama.
The bureaucratic chess game at the heart of the film is a compelling contest where moral ambiguity sparks contemplation about ends justifying means
Miss Sloane works when it dissects the gamesmanship of this world, but it falters when it tries to play its own games.
Miss Sloane is the kind of movie that sees itself as unpredictable, but which is predictable in almost every way.
This is Chastain's movie, as the title implies. She's never less than riveting ...
You might have prepared for a gaudy twist of a finalé, but no, the finalé you get is the one you might have expected from another movie, a movie that doesn't begin with the promise of something different.
Chastain's showstopping performance elevates "Miss Sloane" above typical genre fare, though it lands a one-two punch in managing to be both salacious and smart.
It's like a talky, detail-packed Aaron Sorkin saga, with a daunting profusion of smart, rapid dialogue and surface details that are bewildering at the beginning and pay off in the finale.
[Chastain] even sells the plot's preposterous twist like a boss. It's not her fault, but the movie feels a little silly next to her stature.
Chastain puts on the persona like it's a superhero costume. It is an awkward fit. Madden's stagy direction doesn't help ... nor does first-time writer Jonathan Perera's pseudo-Sorkinesque, exposition-laden, quippy dialogue.
With the help of deft editing and a sometimes frantic electronic score, director John Madden ("Shakespeare in Love") turns this story of backroom machinations into a moderately entertaining thriller.
"Miss Sloane" isn't the smart and provocative drama it probably thinks it is but it does, improbably, work.
If you've been wondering how Washington really works, this film is required viewing.
Chastain gets to play pushy, angry, smart, hurt, almost sympathetic and more. This role is a real showcase for her formidable talents.
Chastain, whose brittle Elizabeth never seems to exhale, let alone relax, reveals almost nothing of her character's heart - and yet keeps us fascinated by her.
Miss Sloane delivers solid drama and legitimate thrills, all thanks to the murderer's row of talent that make up their cast.
A rather cartoonish and not particularly credible political thriller from director John Madden, it doesn't live up to the ferocious promise of its lead character.
A slick but superficial tale of crooked politicians and scheming lobbyists in Washington...[with] a pulp sensibility that marks it as a B-movie with aspirations.
Chastain takes this role by the throat, smashes it against the wall about ten times and then devours it while it's still quivering.
Chastain is fiercely compelling as the ruthless, hyper-intelligent Sloane, but the need to drop periodic bombshells keeps her from building a fully realized character.
Miss Sloane has Jessica Chastain goosing it to life with a fascinating performance.
Madden's film offers up a banal truism - money has a corrupting influence on politics - as if it were some great dramatic discovery and trots out a fairy-tale ending that both repudiates the political process and undermines the movie ...
Heavy-handed message movies don't come more harrumphing than "Miss Sloane," a clunky dramatization of the gun-control argument liberals still don't understand is being conducted solely among themselves.
The portrait of Elizabeth Sloane grabs your interest, partly due to the presence of Jessica Chastain in the title role.
An explosive and riveting political thriller that blows the roof off Washington D.C. Jessica Chastain is sensational.
Visually and tonally, Miss Sloane -- like Chastain's one-note performance, in which she does little but bark and glower -- is slick but soulless.
Miss Sloane is a smart, thorough film about a rare subject that is also as breathless, broad, and crowd-pleasing as your standard Grisham thriller.
[Not] a truly thoughtful and credible treatment of the unpleasant realities of Washington lobbying...[but] a hothouse melodrama that teases an ice queen's meltdown while actually doing the hustle.
A hugely gripping thriller about politics and money that offers a grim object lesson: Are progressives and liberals gonna have to start fighting dirty?
The message that resonates is that drama belongs to the combative.
there is little sympathy, and no empathy, toward the title character as she relentlessly follows her own, well-defined path [to win].
Miss Sloane's heroine is driven by her craftiness, but the film has all the subtlety of a hammer repeatedly hitting an anvil.
Miss Sloane plays out like a very long episode of a very boring TV drama.
This dense political melodrama falls flat, despite its formidable leading lady.
Crafted in a different climate about a still-relevant issue, it should have been more resonant. Instead, through no fault of its own, it already feels woefully out of date.
Great performances can't hide a shallow plot and ridiculous contrivances.
Jessica Chastain is the heart, body and soul of Miss Sloane, boasting the performance power of a nuclear reactor.
The film is not so much tone-deaf as old-fashioned, emerging from a more innocent time (say, three weeks ago) when politics as usual actually had some meaning.
Chastain draws us in, making us see what her lobbyist character keeps inside by the sheer force of her fireball performance.
Storytelling efficiency is one of Miss Sloane's most effective calling cards-that, and Chastain.
This is, in the end, not a sociopolitical tract but a movie, and one that unabashedly embraces the scintillating pleasures supplied in abundance on shows like "Scandal" to "House of Cards."
Jessica Chastain gives an amazing performance as a woman you don't immediately like and have trouble rooting for but whom really drives what makes the film so good.
Chastain is scary, chilly, yet extremely likable as the hard-charging insider. In meetings and on the job, she has no filter, though as the movie progresses, the actress shows necessary cracks in her character's cold exterior.
Partly because "Miss Sloane" is more a character study than a coherent political drama, it fumbles the issue it purports to address, and it eventually runs aground in a preposterous ending.
"Miss Sloane" was produced by a French company, EuropaCorp, so our hero actually has a chance of getting America to embrace gun control.
Chastain fully commits to her boss-bitch persona, even if we only obliquely learn why she might have chosen such a lonely, mercenary life.
Here is Jessica Chastain flexing her extraordinary Meryl Streep-like range and just about keeping this convoluted political thriller in the realm of enjoyably watchable.
Why does Chastain still feel vaguely miscast, even as she commands the screen?
Headlining the sort of pulse-pounding adult thriller that studios rarely produce anymore, Jessica Chastain is a one-woman force of nature as a dominant D.C. lobbyist mired in a fierce political battle with her former firm.
A fast-moving, fun movie exploring the nasty machinations of a female lobbyist (Jessica Chastain) who is at once intriguing and a trifle grating.
Madden ... keeps his camera in constant motion, though it seems no camera can move fast enough for Chastain's frantic, sure to be awards-hyped energy.
Almost single-handedly, Jessica Chastain elevates the whole enterprise from amusing to riveting, and places her name on the shortlist of actresses up for award nominations next year.
I always hope movies like Miss Sloane can make people think about the arguments we have, yet every time a movie like Miss Sloane comes out, it feels like it's exactly the movie the world needs.
The whole thing feels a little like a season of "Scandal" cut down to two hours - but with all the double-dealing and triple-crosses left intact.
Jessica Chastain's ferocious star turn is the fascinating and stabilizing factor in this promising, but ultimately wobbly political thriller.
There's nothing wrong with finding "Miss Sloane" intelligent (it certainly is in its way), dramatically explosive or timely. But don't question yourself if it makes you feel like you've been sold a bill of goods.
Miss Sloane ends up being a stereotypical political thriller, which falls victim to a number of the genre's well-known cliches, and is elevated solely by the awards-worthy performance of Jessica Chastain as its titular character.
The screenplay's enigmatic nature holds one's interest throughout, even as the film veers into pat moralism.
Charting the journey of a ruthless lobbyist who develops a conscience, "Miss Sloane" is a shallow but lively thriller which becomes undermined by its makers' misplaced belief in the profundity of their topical tale.
There's a strange need now to try to curb our movie antiheroes, particularly female ones. Sloane can't just be good at her job; she needs to be a personal wreck.
'Miss Sloane' is superb adult entertainment for adults as well as a grim treatise on feminism and power-friendly media narratives.
Jessica Chastain is bulletproof in a frothy soap opera about the other women in Washington.
Miss Sloane will probably make you cheer in 2016. But at any other moment in history it'd have to be called an over-plotted and sometimes silly political thriller that features a great central performance.
Smart and solid, with a smashing Chastain.
Chastain single handedly prevents it all from veering off the rails by dominating Miss Sloane with her forceful presence. She grounds her heroine to ensure you're with her.
A talky, tense political thriller, full of verbal sparring and fiery monologues, undone by a really dumb ending.
If this were a TV pilot, we could at least sit back and wait for the character's vulnerabilities and backstories to emerge, but in the screenplay by first-timer Jonathan Perera, we get all the quirks and none of the depth.
Nimble in movements but nearly paralyzing in line delivery, the Oscar-nominated actress is unparalleled in her sheer excellence and commitment to the craft.

@highlight

Miss Sloane sits squarely on the shoulders of Jessica Chastain's performance -- and she responds with awards-worthy work that single-handedly elevates the film.