This isn't a perfect film; Mary's persona was annoying; I think the filmmakers just let go of the story at a certain point. But the film's heart was in the right place.
Mary's supposed to be a plucky free spirit, but mostly she's a chatty bore who's emotionally clueless.
A head-scratcher of a comedy starring the increasingly enigmatic Sandra Bullock.
Bullock, as both co-producer and star, makes sure All About Steve sparkles with easy laughs.
On paper, a crazy romcom starring Sandra Bullock and Bradley Cooper could only be a good thing. Wrong.
All About Steve is a messy assemblage of clumsy sight gags, winking reaction shots and disingenuous populist genuflection to the idea that there's no such thing as normal. We all see a little bit of Mary in ourselves, don't we? Don't we?
Kooky? Hardly. Cringing? Most assuredly.
It's so bad, you might feel a little sorry for Bullock -- but don't take pity on her. Watching All About Steve will only make you feel worse.
Fasten your seat belts, it's going to be a bumpy review.
Just when it seems All About Steve couldn't grow any more insufferable, it turns strangely sentimental.
Let's say you're the kind of person who has a morbid curiosity for films that defy logic, the ones that blow your mind with their badness. Then I can wholeheartedly recommend you see this one.
All About Steve is survivable. You'll never see such passion for a crossword anywhere else.
The film's complete failure to engage on any level, much less comedic, lies entirely at the feet of Bullock.
A disappointingly disposable romantic comedy...
All About Steve is constructed as a romantic comedy, but Mary's tireless, stalker-like behavior suggests that this ought to be a horror film.
It's baffling that some of our favourite actors would sign up for this slightly creepy, desperately unfunny twaddle. Don't encourage them by watching it.
This deeply unfunny comedy misfires at every turn.
Mary is a memorable comic creation for all the wrong reasons: glibly written, offensively characterised and bizarrely dressed, she's the classic screwball ditz taken to grotesque and at times unwatchable extremes.
One of the ropiest would-be screwball comedies conceived recently.
A film that looks as if it's been through 1,001 test screenings, script drafts and reshoots, each unfunnier and more muddled than the last.
Whatever disturbed and previously untapped audience this is meant to find, it's certainly novel.
Director Phil Traill and screenwriter Kim Barker should take some credit for attempting something original, but ultimately what they come up with is an ensemble cast of non-entities and the overriding feeling that they're exploiting the lead character.
A handful of wry TV news graphics provide welcome amusement, but Bullock has never been worse and the rest of the cast are left to solve the puzzle of their own presence.
Romcom? Send-up? Romcom send-up? No one seems to know, least of all director Phil Traill, whose failure to deliver a consistent tone - or, y'know, any laughs - leaves his capable cast hung out to dry.
The film is such a misjudged farrago that it makes Miss Congeniality seem like a masterpiece.
Sandra Bullock turns in an excruciatingly kooky performance in this ill-conceived stalker romance.
This weirdly unfunny comedy is like Clint Eastwood's Play Misty For Me seen through the eyes of the stalker, and played unsuccessfully for laughs.
A witty satire on TV news? No. An inspiring lesson about following your heart? Nope. The worst comedy you'll see all year? Oh yes.
Make no mistake, this is one mess of a film and yet if you forgive it some of its bewildering failings there is still a weird charm to its madness.
In which Sandra Bullock flails through another non-com of an awfulness she seems unerringly inclined to repeat.
A comedy so irritating and cheerless that you wonder if the cast were blackmailed into appearing.
Sandra Bullock is pretty good at making a silk purse out of a sow's ear but she's got her work cut out with this would-be quirky comedy.
All About Steve won't appeal to everyone but it's by no means the disaster its terrible reviews are making it out to be and is ultimately worth seeing for its attempt to do something different.
If terrible movies were car crashes, this 101-minute horror-show is a coachload of orphans slamming headlong into the Hoover Dam - and 2010 is unlikely to serve up anything worse.
From the outset the film swings from one lame gag to another and the usually spot-on Bullock fails to find her groove.
As Hollywood's most box-office-friendly female star, surely it's about time Sandra Bullock started challenging herself with something more worthy of her comic talents.
Bullock gives a tremendously committed performance in her portrayal of a middle-aged woman with the hair of a Pomeranian and a mouth that won't quit.
Were you thinking "deaf kids", "sinkhole"? No? I defy you to write a dumber screenplay.
'I'm going to eat you like a mountain lion,' says the sex-starved Bullock as she attacks Cooper in his van, moments after meeting him, in one of several appalling scenes that represent director Phil Traill's idea of cute.
Her most irritating and unfunniest film to date.
Sandra Bullock bulldozes the line between a socially awkward character and an annoying human being in a monstrous turkey that can genuinely make a claim to being the worst film of the year
Despite the cringe early on there is a validation about finding your emotional and intellectual match, not just the fantasy dreamboat.
The taint of desperation lies so heavily on the entire exercise.
One of the leading candidates for worst film of 2009.
A sad excuse for a film which meshes too many ideas without sticking to one, leaving Sandra Bullock once again flailing in a ridiculous role.
Disaster is an eight letter word that aptly describes this grossly misjudged, overplayed, unfunny comedy about a hyper crossword constructor who stalks her blind date. Filled with low points worth of eye-rolling...
An unmitigated disaster.
If it didn't come from a major studio, I would think the film is a satire of romantic comedies, or at least some kind of avant-garde experiment in testing the limits of audience identification
Packaged as a romantic comedy but devoid of comedy or romance, this baffling train wreck stars Sandra Bullock as a tediously kooky constructor of crossword puzzles for a Sacramento newspaper.
... hopelessly harebrained ...
A good idea lurks in the latest Sandra Bullock comedy but it quickly falls into a deep hole.
Four stages of Acceptance Of 2-Star Movie: 1) Embarrassed for lead character. 2) Embarrassed for actor playing lead character. 3) Admiration for movie's all-out, gawky commitment to awkward comedy. 4) Annoyance with usual rom-com schmaltz-injections.
[A] refreshingly quirky comedy.
Movies don't get much worse.
It gets into McConaughey territory, worse than The Ugly Truth.
A talented director might have made Bullock seem like a comic genius, but Phil Traill has no control over tone, leaving the audience unsure whether to laugh or cry.
It fails at everything it attempts to do. There's simply no point for it to exist.
Sandra Bullock give it that old college try but the movie still flops
It's dreadful.
Sandra Bullock plays a stalker in unappealing romcom.
. . . really all about Sandra Bullock.
One might be tempted to call it perfectly dreadful if it didn't seem inappropriate to utter the word 'perfect' anywhere within miles of it.
I'm not sure who Kim Barker is, or what her credentials are. But she has written two of my least favorite screenplays within the last two years.
Although I laughed at a couple of slapstick gags, the rest of this comedy didn't seem very funny to me.
A painfully bland, vapid, irritating and consistently preposterous comedy that's low on laughs and satirical bite.
This kind of premise is touchy, cause it's that kind of humor that comes from awkwardness. It's kind of sad and a little dark. It needs to be handled just the right way, and quite frankly director Phil Traill falls flat on his face.
Irritating and inexcusable, it's a total waste of time and talent.
All About Steve is painful, unfunny and easily one of the worst films of 2009.
It's not all about Steve. And even if it was all about Steve, it still isn't a good story. Why? Steve isn't interesting. Neither is Mary Horowitz, the woman stalking Steve.
Mistaking cute and quirky for teeth-grindingly obnoxious, All About Steve is one of the most irritating moviegoing experiences of the year. Shame on you, Sandra Bullock, you know better than this.
Stick with the premise. The idea behind All About Steve has some potential, but then it slides off into hokey-ville.
An interminable series of gags based around the shrillest, most obvious characters imaginable.
Not without its good bits. Even if you have to watch some supposedly nice guys be mean to get to them.
When Mary tearfully confesses that she wears her red boots because they make her toes "feel like ten friends on a camping trip," the viewer doesn't know whether to explode in laughter or die from the osmosis of Sandra Bullock's own humiliation.
Here's a scorching idea for the producers of the "Saw" franchise: a "Sandra Bullock Slapstick Comedy" death trap.
But the main message ... is that movie studios think a lot of people will pay good money to see Sandra Bullock humiliate herself yet again in front of the camera.
Putting a marshmallow on top of a pile of cooked spinach, is still not a dessert. All About Steve is no comedy, and just might be the worst film of 2009.
Maybe a sitcom laugh track would have helped. At least it would provide a hint of where we're supposed to chuckle.
It's a sort of anti-romance romantic comedy, and though uneven, it's a lot smarter than most films in the genre.
Oops, sorry, we're not supposed to think of Mary as mentally ill, psychologically unbalanced, or any of those painful things, just full of gumption and sunny determination.
A screwball comedy missing more than a few crucial screws.
All About Steve is offensive, absurd and pointless.
There's Something Pathetic About Mary
Despite her downward-tilted head and her nattering ways, Mary really does want to connect. Watching her realize this isn't deep but it is sweet.
This is easily one of the worst films I've ever had to review.
Clueless.
There's nothing wrong with All About Steve that a rewrite couldn't fix, as long as the rewrite involved a different writer, a different character and a different story.
I was praying for the ghost of Paul Newman to save me.
Bullock, easing into her mid-40s with box-office mojo intact, remains the star attraction as the annoyingly endearing Mary. You simply can't imagine another actor of her stature pulling it off.
It seems incredible, but the grimly unfunny comedy All About Steve might just be the worst movie on Sandra Bullock's résumé.
When you learn that Sandra Bullock produced as well as stars in All About Steve, you can't help wondering, "What was she thinking?"
He's the thing that lets Mary -- and the movie -- off the crazy hook. It quickly devolves into one of those 'what's normal anyway?' stories, and Bullock's dedication to the role is ultimately undermined.
Easily one of the worst movies of the year (if not the decade), there is not one redeeming quality to All About Steve, an offensive film morally, socially, and to the institution of comedy.
A special sort of trainwreck that unfolds like some fever-dream mash-up of Anchorman, Mad Love, Heather Graham's Committed and a tossed-off improv sketch. A terrible movie, meriting debate only insofar as whether personal preference r
...this is, without a doubt, one of the biggest wastes of celluloid this year.
Breath-takingly awful in every way.
Plopping a 45-year-old actress... into a role clearly intended for, at best, a 23-year-old is a bizarre way to deal with the role shortage [for older women].
I suspect that this is a film that speaks to those who believe Every Breath You Take is a love song.
Parental Content Review
[An] unwatchable, unbearably unfunny farce in which Sandra Bullock hits the lowest point of her career...
A romantic comedy so lunkheaded and ill-conceived that it makes your average, idiotic Kate Hudson-Matthew McConaughey outing look like the reincarnation of Hepburn and Grant.
There's no footing in reality. Nothing about it feels authentic: not the blathering Mary, not the lifeless secondary characters, not the bromide-happy dialogue or the plot that twists less often than it spasms.
Amounts to one compelling character surrounded by a bunch of stuff that's not so great.
The movie is trying to show the power of words and that there is no such thing as a "normal" person. It should garner a boatload of nominations for Razzie Awards that are given to the worst movies of the year.
My biggest surprise is scanning the credits and not seeing the name Wayans or Prinze Jr. anywhere.
Bullock sells her part of the film, and Church throws in some good, hearty laughs, but ultimately, this is just an "eh."
This is easily the single worst film that Sandra Bullock has been involved with and bear in mind, I have seen "Speed 2."
With a protagonist that nobody could like, admire, or sympathize with, this is one of the worst movies I've ever had to sit through.
Which of these characters is even recognizable enough in the sphere of human existence that we might be able to think, yes, I get him/her[?]
There's not much to All About Steve but it's a part Bullock does well: the tomboy, the goofball, the cute but weird ugly duckling...
A total misfire from the first scene to the last.
Misfiring on every conceivable front, it's that rarest of comedies -- one whose stabs at humor fall painfully flat, while eliciting unintentional giggles every time the film seeks to be serious or deliver a message...
Not just dumb, it's dopey, moronic, doltish, obtuse and thick.
A head-banging excuse for a comedy.
Since Bullock coproduced this masochistic venture, it seems she buys into the idea that fluffer-nut ditziness is what she does best. Except it isn't.
If you ever wanted to know what kind of movie plays deaf children falling into a sinkhole for laughs, look no further.
While Bullock is often cast as the kook you want to hug, here she is a nut you want to run away from.
We could care less about the characters in this dreadfully bad comedy.
Just the latest entry on a long list of movies that aren't even close to the great screwball comedy Bullock is capable of making. May it be the last.
Why would such talented actors as Bullock, Cooper, Thomas Haden Church and Ken Jeong sign on for something so dreadful?
Somewhere, like the pea in the bed of the princess, is an idea that could be interesting. Unfortunately, it's smothered in 20 mattresses of awful and 20 more of dumb.
If Bullock in her comfort zone is a thing of real, if modest pleasure, watching as she contorts herself into a role that's all wrong for her is singularly excruciating.
...features the singular most awful line of dialogue in a movie this year...
The only laughs elicited by the film are those of incredulity.
All About Steve struggles mightily to find its loony essence. But Bullock's apple-cheeked larkishness is all flailing limbs and bug-eyed reaction shots -- there's no there there.
In the final 30 or so minutes it turns deadly serious, which is about the only time this mess gets any laughs.
Easily the worst movie of the week, month, year, and Bullock's entire career. It is to comedy what leprosy once was to the island of Molokai: a plague best contemplated from many miles away.
It's a celebration of brazen nonconformity centered on an insufferable flibbertigibbet who makes the worst case for nonconformity imaginable.
Frantic, inane, moronic and obnoxious, All About Steve ranks among the very worst movies of the year. The decade, even.
Normally the core message of being true to yourself is a virtuous one, but when 'yourself' is quite literally THE MOST ANNOYING PERSON IN THE WORLD, the opposite is true.
One is tempted to feel bad for the usually likable Bullock -- who looks fantastic here, we must note -- but she's one of the film's producers, so she can't be too ashamed of herself. I am embarrassed for her, however.
With its commercial imperatives and subversive ambitions working at cross purposes, this puzzling movie doesn't have a clue what it's all about.
This surreal creation is built around one of the most maddening and borderline unbearable characters ever conceived.
A salute to stalkers not recommended for cops, celebrities or anyone else.
The film isn't merely unfunny and stupefyingly inane but a depressing waste of money, energy and time, yours included.
An actress should never, ever, be asked to run beside a van in red disco boots for more than about half a block, and then only if her child is being kidnapped.
The results aren't quite Anchorman, but they're worth a chuckle.
All About Steve, an unfunny, annoying, badly written, badly acted comic fiasco, may be the worst movie in Bullock's career.

@highlight

All About Steve is an oddly creepy, sour film, featuring a heroine so desperate and peculiar that audiences may be more likely to pity than root for her.