In the (slightly altered) words of ABBA, you can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life at Mamma Mia!
Like a big gay Terminator, Mamma Mia! will track down your cynicism and blast it into smithereens: it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you're having fun.
It would be easy to underrate the deceptively effortless master acting class that Meryl Streep puts on here.
Yeah, it's all a little bit on the camp side. It's a musical based on the songs of ABBA. A little bit camp is probably the height of restraint.
A mostly ghastly spectacle
Mnoge od scena su nadrealno %u0161a%u0161ave
After this, after "Movin' Out" (based on the deplorable songbook of one Willliam Joel), it's not even satire to suggest that the next big thing will be a musical inspired by the oeuvre of Howard Jones
...certain sequences are inherently far more affecting and engaging than others.
More fluff like "Mamma Mia!" than "Made of Honor" would make mid-year moviegoing a happier experience.
As for Meryl Streep, you sense that she's thinking what you're thinking: That she can't actually be in this movie.
The story is ... urh. No film has ever had a more irrelevant story.
Even the most exuberant musical numbers feel either flat or forced.
The infectious, decades-old ABBA songs on which the film is anchored are the only thing keeping it afloat.
A sage once advised being wary of movies in which the people on screen are having more fun than the people in the audience. Mamma mia, was that good advice.
Brosnan, Firth and Skarsgard have a great time playing the bimbos who may be Sophie's dad.
I believe that genealogy would prove "director" Phyllida Lloyd a descendant of Ed Wood himself.
An absolutely hilarious, rousing and joyous celebration that ought to have you dancing in the aisles.
A chintzy valentine to the world-shaking ebullience of one's own flimsily "empowered" friendships and one's most offhanded and tarted-up whims.
Mamma Mia! Um clássico que surge? / Não, não! E viva Moulin Rouge!
ABBA's legacy will stand the test of time far longer than this
Unfortunately, Streep and her ancient co-stars create pure torture whenever on screen together. This is the Catwoman of movie musicals
This is entertainment, not a movie. And as entertainment goes, Mamma Mia! belts it out of the park.
Mamma Mia! has an exclamation in its title for a reason: it just wants to shout out its sense of fun. The film is buoyantly unpretentious and proclaims at the top of its voice, "Take me as I am."
The film was so exciting and entertaining that I felt swept away. As if I was a wedding attendee, cheering on Sophie to discover herself and for her mother to find happiness.
The music is as great now as it was 30 years ago, a true testament to ABBA's continued popularity.
Nusicals traditionally rely rather heavily on things like singing and dancing; but what stage director Phyllida Lloyd throws onto the screen could better be described as "singing" and "dancing."
I tapped my foot, I smiled, and I found myself undeniably amused. If that's the kind of experience you're looking for, and if you dig ABBA, this crazy, sloppy, mixed-up movie might just be for you.
...can't help being fun.
Shot on location in Greece, but the way Meryl Streep tears through the scenery, you'd think she was in a giant reptile suit on the back lot at Toho.
Make that Grandma Mia!
The big-screen Mamma Mia! rises above its flaws through an A-list leading lady and, like its stage-musical predecessor, skillful exploitation of the both fun and pathos in Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus' undeniable music.
Lacking the punch or creativity of the stage musical, this sunny, but not very funny adaptation is short on vocal prowess and choreography.
A dinky, dreary lump that is too lazy to offend the intellect and too uninspired to cause even a cackle of audience derision.
Unless you buy into this ersatz jubilance and its grim determination to make you feel good, you're apt to long for a tranquilizer gun by the 20-minute mark.
There might not be anything as utterly dispiriting as watching people pretending to have fun, and that is quite literally the only card the movie has to play.
You could spend all week eating bacon at a pig farm and still find more ham in "Mamma Mia!," an irrepressible, unstoppable kaleidoscope of karaoke camp gone berserk that features a cast happily mainlining ABBA's songbook.
Terrible jokes in a movie that is nonetheless hilarious. You will laugh at, not with, Mamma Mia.
The movie gets by on sheer exuberance. Your appreciation of it, I suspect, will strongly depend on your mood and the enthusiasm of the audience members around you.
I love musicals and I love ABBA, so I was really excited for this movie. I pretty much got what I deserved.
It's My Two Dads set to crappy Swedish music.
It is not merely that Pierce Brosnan cannot sing; it is that he looks so uncomfortable doing it.
There is a whole lot of screaming, giggling and squealing in this film, and that's just the men. Seriously, this is a chick flick.
The legal definition of torture has been much aired in recent years, and I take Mamma Mia! to be a useful contribution to that debate.
A lot of fun.
Mamma Mia! is a delightful crowd pleaser, evidenced by the enthusiastic applause I heard at the smash ending.
It's a magical movie. Just as fun as a movie based on a musical based on ABBA songs involving a wedding with assorted misunderstandings set on a fairy tale Greek island should be. What a tragedy if it were a bore (besides, 'Tragedy' is a Bee Gees song ).
Goofy fun.
Miscast, poorly shot, possibly choreographed by a spastic eight-year-old, Mamma Mia! is a mess, but it's kind of an impressive mess.
There's a neat free spirit versus family values message here, about a dad being no big deal when you can have three. Not to mention that family is more about who loves you, than whatever does or doesn't dangle between their legs.
Trust Dr. Cook on this one: You're going to walk out of "Mamma Mia!" with an ear worm.
Amanda Seyfried wows us with her lovely voice, and Meryl Streep belts out showstoppers as if she were born to be a musical star.
Mamma Mia! is a sloppy, overwrought mess of a musical, but then those darn ABBA songs pop up and all is bliss for the next three minutes.
The movie version of the musical has been released or rather unleashed, powerful enough to make the most hard-hearted indie rock absolutist clap along.
Mamma Mia! works spectacularly despite its best efforts at self-sabotage.
Yuck!...the very model of the modern musical comedy--there's absolutely nothing original in it...[and] it looks awful.
The movie's spirit is somewhere between High School Musical and Hedwig and the Angry Inch; it's at once dorkily wholesome and proudly slutty.
Sophie invites the three beaus to her wedding, hoping she'll be able to pick her father out of the group. Such a shame that Sophie hasn't heard about DNA testing.
When Streep as Donna cuts loose with ABBA's "The Winner Takes It All" standing on a Greek hillside face-to-face with her former lover, Sam (Brosnan), it is the film's defining moment.
You gotta love Meryl Streep! Is there anything this actress can't do?
Brosnan especially looks physically pained choking out the lyrics, as if he's being subjected to a prostate exam just outside of the camera's eye.
Without Streep front and center, this Mamma Mia! wouldn't be worth taking a chance on.
It's a fluffy happy good time escape from the world, even if Pierce Brosnan is not the second coming of Elvis Presley.
The musical numbers have been competently and energetically choreographed.
Mamma Mia! leaves me sending out an S.O.S., with much of the blame falling to the filmmakers. It's more akin to a music video than a musical, and a sloppy one at that.
While it'd be embellishment to say you'd have the time of your life, any dancing queen or an admirer of seeing Pierce Brosnan croon a tune instead of trigger James Bond destruction can at least have some of the time of your 108 minutes.
This film is made for fans of the show - and fans of ABBA, I suppose. It's a chick flick in many ways - from the romance to the show tunes.
Before plunking down your cash for a ride on the Mamma Mia! express when it pulls into town, just ask yourself one question: Do I really dig ABBA?
If you're invited, you might as well enjoy yourself. Just don't say I didn't warn you. And don't you dare say I hate ABBA.
Streep certainly gives it the old college try and so do Walters and Baranski, who are experienced singer/dancers. Somehow they all end up looking just as flamboyantly amateurish as everybody else.
Mamma Mia! is a feel-good musical experience, pure and simple. The actors display a buoyant commitment to the material and the songs, of course, remain undeniable wonders.
Complete fluff, and proud of it...Once you adjust your senses, however, you're bound to submit to this vacation of a movie.
Mamma Mia! wants to be a dancing queen. Try as she might, the highest rank I'd bestow upon her is duchess. And in a few critically wobbly ways, she can't do much better than lady-in-waiting.
Likable, serviceable, and eminently danceable.
Whatever charms it may have had as a live production have been lost in director Phyllida Lloyd's sloppy big-screen translation.
Cheese -- but what wonderfully salty, sinfully satisfying cheese it is.
Giddy, brainless fun.
None of this would matter much if this movie wasn't anchored by a star turn, and Streep delivers yet another in a career full of them.
British director Phyllida Lloyd does a more than competent job of opening up the play with glorious and impossibly blue Aegean seascapes and rousing montages in bucolic settings in which the peasantry punctuate the songs like a drunken Greek chorus.
This isn't a movie. It's a vacation.
When Brosnan opens his mouth, the wrong sounds come out. And yet they're among the few things in Mamma Mia! that feel anything close to right.
Mamma Mia! delivers exactly what one can reasonably expect from it. It's a faithful adaptation of the stage play of the same name but, more importantly, it's a repository for ABBA songs.
I can see how Mamma Mia! might be a fun stage musical. As a movie musical, it's a train wreck.
Even minor elements like sound editing and makeup are botched, a sure sign of carelessness, or cluelessness. Early scenes show characters forgetting to lipsynch to their prerecorded songs.
A fun, crowd-pleasing alternative for an audience whose idea of entertainment runs more to infectious '70s pop ditties, spandex, sex-starved women of a certain age and bare-chested hunks than watching a caped sadist torturing criminals.
The costumes look cheap, the choreography is clunky, and the cinematography's terrible - a real shame, given the gorgeous setting.
It's a one-of-a-kind cinematic wreck: I couldn't wait for it to end, and yet I'm strangely longing to see it again.
Streep, Waters and Baranski basically ad-lib and keep just enough composure to pull through.
he sheer exuberance of the production overcomes its difficulties, and the incongruous mix of nostalgia, James Bond crooning and the world's greatest actress bouncing up and down on a mattress is an undeniable kick. Mamma Mia! is major fun.
Feels like a souvenir program: something to revive the feelings you had watching the stage performance.
The year's most aggressive chick flick, with a score of irresistibly catchy ABBA tunes sweetening the dumb story like peaches in cottage cheese.
Reality in a musical? That alone makes it worth your open-eared attention.
As my dignity tried to flee the premises, my heart wouldn't let me go.
A party where everyone is so desperate to have a good time that it makes you miserable.
Meryl Streep scampers and writhes with something like abandon in her tomboyish overalls, her glowing tan and perfectly arranged "wild" blond hair indicating Donna's stanch independence.
There are the wall-to-wall songs by ABBA, if you like that sort of thing. I don't, not much.
Taken for what it is -- a fluffy, intergenerational farce as a frame for some seventies musical nostalgia -- Mamma Mia! just gets away with it.
Everything's in twinkle overdrive. As with most stage-to-screen transfers, about a half-hour of material has been excised, and Mamma Mia! never had that much story to begin with.
Hugely enjoyable musical with gorgeous location work, terrific songs and superb performances from a fabulous cast.
What happened to James Bond?? I honestly wanted to be a "Dancing Queen" and dance right out of the theatre. Mamma Mia! is one of the most awkward, poorly acted and just laughably bad musicals to date.
[N]one of the nonsensicalness would matter if the movie would let me get caught up in it, but that hardly happened, much as I wished it would...
Perhaps your enjoyment will depend on how much you like the songs (I'm not a huge ABBA fan), but the great thing about this film is its joyousness.
Moving and fun and scenic and ecstatic, and we cried too. I hope you take a chance take a take a chance chance on Mamma Mia even if you think you won't like it.
Stage director Phyllida Lloyd should kneel and kiss the feet of her cast who persist in entertaining us despite every roadblock she throws in their way.
When singing S.O.S. I couldn't decide if he [Pierce Brosnan] was begging to be rescued from the song or the movie. Personally--I would have chosen the movie.
The best things about the film are that the ingenue is a babe, it is 30 minutes than "Sex and the City" and no one sings "Fernando." Of course, I could say the same things about "Wanted" and that film at least had better choreography.
Mostly successful [in creating fun], but along the way its strengths struggled mightily against its weaknesses.
So infectiously bubbly overall that it's difficult to carp about voice talent and uneven pacing.
flash-foiled by motion picture incompetence
Lloyd's film has no shape or tone; it swings wildly from sunny, haphazard scenes that play like outtakes, to higher-pitched, shrieking, hysterical scenes.
Mamma Mia! lacks even one big fantastic set piece; visually, each musical number is chopped up into tiny little bits.
Camp, bawdy and with a perky innocence, it is Sex and the City meets High School Musical.
The adaptation of the long-running stage hit is a crowd-pleasing gusher of escapism, not the least of which is respite from summertime teen action fare.
You can have a perfectly nice time watching this spirited adaptation of the popular stage musical and, once the hangover wears off, acknowledge just how bad it is.
Many lighthearted musicals have frilly plots, but the story cobbled together for Mamma Mia! is particularly superficial and imbecilic.
Would be more persuasive if you felt any real chemistry between Streep and Brosnan. But how could you? They've been singing ABBA songs at each other for two hours.
It's a pretty enjoyable, big-screen songfest that should appeal to both the show's fans as well as aficionados of the Swedish pop group that supplied its tunes.
Campy theatrics and Busby Berkeley choreography set on a ridiculously breathtaking island paradise -- what's not to love?
You may find that the movie version of Mamma Mia! brings out your inner Simon Cowell.
By turns entertaining and excruciating, Mamma Mia!, the jukebox musical that strings together 19 ABBA hits on a narrative thread flimsier than dental floss, had me smiling and wincing, often at the same time.
Constructing a play -- and now a clumsily staged film -- around ABBA songs is the definition of a frivolous enterprise, and little has been done to temper the ecstatic mood with other shadings of human emotion.
A playful and light-hearted screen version of the popular Broadway musical which is carried by the snappy and happy songs of Abba.
It gets by on the featherweight golden oldies of ABBA, and the treat of seeing and hearing some golden oldies of the cinema break character and belt out a song.
There's something infuriatingly entertaining about this silly story, those slumming actors (Meryl Streep! Pierce Brosnan!) and those cruel, cruel songs.
In bringing her stage production to the screen, first-time film director Phyllida Lloyd has retained the show's goofy charm and mostly breathless pacing.
Watching the film rear back and launch constant fireworks of joy is a wonderful thing to behold, positioning itself as an ideal summer diversion to counteract all the cartoons and superheroes...a heavy dose of syrup, but it stomps proudly and effectively.
Mamma Mia! presents itself as a piece of clever counter-programming to this summer's surfeit of pounding, effects-driven comic-book movies. But filmgoers eager to sample its sunny, synth-pop pleasures are likely to feel just as bludgeoned.
It's ok. Drop your troubles at the door and dance along. After all, it's ABBA. Who can resist?
There is a fine line between something that is so bad it's good, and something that's genuinely good, and Mamma Mia! straddles it throughout.
The singing-and-dancing work for the basic excitement and energy of a live performance, but an additional boost of cinematic prowess is needed to sustain a similar rhythm on film.
Logic is unnecessary to savor Mamma Mia! Escapist and fun, it never takes itself too seriously.
When Streep, Walters and Baranski share the screen, Mamma Mia! comes alive and earns its exclamation point. The rest is forced gaiety pushed to the breaking point.
The ingredients seem perfect: a stellar cast, an unassailable soundtrack and source material from a proven hit. Somehow, though, this sugary mix turns into a sour hairball that will have you gagging to expel it for 108 minutes.
I won't really defend Mamma Mia!, but I will recommend how to watch it: Just stop rolling your eyes and listen.
I could do without 'Dancing Queen' stuck in my head, but that will unstick soon enough, and with any luck so too will the memory of Streep noodling on an air guitar.
Mamma Mia! is not going to make you think, nor does it want to. But it will make you sing, as long as Brosnan keeps his mouth shut.
A collection of droopy ditties draped around a threadbare plot.
This thing didn't just make me uncomfortable and sad, I darn near say it physically assaulted me.
My, my, it's easy to resist this.
A sappy, meaningless story, something on the order of Gidget Goes to Greece, but perhaps inferior to the Sandra Dee standard.
...perhaps the worst example of what is known as a 'jukebox musical.'
You could listen to a greatest-hits CD with nearly the same result.
Upbeat, silly ABBA musical is flimsy but fun.
The cast of non professional singers, epitomized by the mediocre talents of Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried, disrespects ABBA's melodic 1970's music. What a shame.
like cotton candy, unsubstantial, brightly colored, way too sweet, and ultimately unsatisfying in any meaningful way. Plus it might just make you just a little nauseous
Come to be swept into a warm surround of stage-seasoned music, choreography and talents of the two primary leads, Streep and Seyfried. Okay, so it's slightly overabundant and dizzying.
Mileage will vary, depending on one's affection for ABBA, nonsensical dance numbers and middle-aged women cutting loose in sparkly outfits.
The new film version of the Broadway musical Mamma Mia! seems to be made by people who have no instinctive connection to pop music.
None of them can sing, and nothing they do looks natural. Rarely have I witnessed so many pros appear so clueless.
This movie isn't just unapologetic fluff; it's aggressive, out-loud-and-proud fluff. Just like ABBA.
It makes for campy fun at times, but the bottom line is that it's hard to get swept up by the story when the singing keeps making you wince
The only way to make Abba songs sound worse than they already are is to have them spring forth from the mouths of Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan.
It's the very vague nature of these pop songs that universalizes them and makes them worth celebrating in this fashion.
Helmer's lack of vision and technical skills and the use of conventional format result in a schmaltzy, mildly enjoyable musical that services but doesn't enhance Abba's iconic songs--and yes, Meryl Streep can and does sing nicely.
If Mamma Mia! works on any level at all, it's through the sheer radiance of Meryl Streep.
On the scale of Celebrities Who Can't Sing, [Brosnan]'s a few notches above Lee Marvin in Paint Your Wagon but falls short of the vocal skills of Burt Reynolds in At Long Last Love.
Even were it not the title of one of ABBA's most beloved songs, this might just be the most aptly-titled movie of the year.Because my Mom is gonna loooooooove it.
We're literally left in the cold with many questions raised that are ignored undermining the entire premise and the reason why we came to watch...
Maybe watching three older women prancing around in tight spandex singing ABBA is someone's idea of a good time, but I wouldn't want to be stuck in a room with those people for more than 90 minutes ever again.
Streep has a sweet voice and knows how to use it, but it's sad to watch a perfectionist remove part of her brain and try to convince us she's having a jolly time.
The sheer zestful force of this movie will blast anyone with an ounce of fun into the aisles for an impromptu bout of Abba karaoke
This film version of Mamma Mia! is such a full-scale disaster in every way that it's hard to know what has held theatergoers' attention for so long.
Uplifting, finger-snapping, energetic fun - meaning "Money, Money, Money" at the box-office.
Once it gets past its high-pitched squeals of estrogen-fueled excitement in the opening sequences, director Phyllida Lloyd's screen adaptation of the popular Broadway play based on Abba songs, settles into a harmonically pleasing comedy set amid the extra
Cute, clean, camp fun, full of sunshine and toe tappers.
A film that actually earns the exclamation mark that adorns its title, thanks to the exuberance that Streep and her co-stars bring to the job of reviving the rituals of the movie musical.
This film is so sunny that it should crack through any cynicism. Of course, it helps to have an A-list cast singing their hearts out.
An AIP beach movie; Gidget Goes Grecian or How To Stuff A Wild Souvlaki or Marital Beach Party. It's meant to be rollicking, cheesy, brain-dead good fun.
Meryl Streep again shows that she is America's most diversified actress in this fun (albeit touristy) musical.
This joyous frolic propelled and inspired by the timeless music of ABBA is a bit like Grease for the older set, with Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan playing the leading roles
Haritomeno kai akros diaskedastiko panigyri elahistopoiimenis kinimatografikotitas, me aboli skinothesia periorismenis horografikis kai allis dimioyrgikotitas, se koyrastika kleisto optiko pedio (logiko, gia na pantreyontai to miso stoyntiako plastiko yli
Incredibly, Mamma Mia! looks set for a whole new lease on life.
The most fun to be had at the movies this or any other recent summer.








@highlight

This jukebox musical is full of fluffy fun but rough singing voices and a campy tone might not make you feel like "You Can Dance" the whole 90 minutes.