The star of the show is undoubtedly Cagney, whose performance raises White Heat above typical cops 'n' robbers fare into an intense study of a psychologically troubled character.
Brilliantly directed by Raoul Walsh, an old master of cinema hoodlumism, it returns a more subtle James Cagney to the kind of thug role that made him famous.
Cagney has an excellent supporting cast.
Magnificent examination of the criminal mind and Cagney's finest moment.
Raoul Walsh's heroes had a knack for going too far, but none went further than James Cagney in this roaring 1949 gangster piece.
Cagney supercharges the entire film with frenetic energy.
Its archetypal influence on later films like Goodfellas and the Al Pacino Scarface is striking, even if we can never again experience how new and bold it was back in its day....
Despite chronology (deranged by the censor's influence on the studios), this is really the fitting climax of the '30s gangster movie.
Cagney, intenso como de hábito, cria um personagem que, apesar de sua óbvia instabilidade psicológica e de sua crueldade patológica, conquista o espectador com sua carência emocional.
Raoul Walsh's Freudian film is one of the fastest and toughest crime-gangster films ever made, boasting a bravura performance from James Cagney as a misogynist mama boy ("top of the world, Ma").
Film noir masterpiece, with brilliant direction and visual style
Cagney gives an utterly ferocious performance, arguably his finest, as Cody Jarrett, a psychotic gangster with an unholy mother fixation.
White Heat is vigorous and uncompromising. Cagney is all kinetic energy and raw nerve.
If you're looking for Cagney's best gangster role ever, you got it right here, on the top of the world.
White Heat's ultimate message: love's a *****...even crypto-incestuous love.
Cagney's finest hour and one of the best gangster pictures ever made.
A very entertaining classic gangster film from the 1940s.
There's a freewheeling brutality about the picture.
The simple fact is that Mr. Cagney has made his return to a gangster role in one of the most explosive pictures that he or anyone has ever played.
Powerful late-in-the-day gangster film.
Cagney's scariest performance anchors a gripping and somewhat kinky thriller.
Cagney is unforgettable in this fascinating, brutal drama
Cagney is a force of nature in this movie, alternately frightening and pathetic.
None of Jimmy Cagney's superlative gangster films of the 1930s approaches this supercharged production.
White Heat (1949) is one of the top classic crime-heist dramas of the post-war period. White Heat is an entertaining, fascinating and hypnotic portrait





@highlight

Raoul Walsh's crime drama goes further into the psychology of a gangster than most fear to tread and James Cagney's portrayal of the tragic anti-hero is constantly volatile.