Only a strong cast make it halfway worthwhile.
This is one of those nails scratching a blackboard suspense stories. It is the kind of film where terrible things happen, and you know more terrible things are going to happen. You just don't know exactly what, or when.
The film's ultimate reveal is hardly shocking, and that the film spends a gratuitous amount time unspooling it long after it's clear what has gone down feels indulgent and unearned.
A quality effort that unsettles even as it gets silly, with Poésy's convincingly spooked performance holding things together when subtlety finally flees the party.
A horror-thriller that gets in several satirical shots at the status envy of modern urban professionals.
A slick but flawed psychological thriller.
"The Ones Below" cannot attest to having the most original of plots. It is an effective film, however, one that ever more tightens its compellingly diabolical grip.
The Ones Below is a powerful thriller, a movie that toys with audience expectation at every turn, making it the type of debut Farr will be proud to lead off his resume with long into the foreseeable future.
Dull and programmatic in equal measure, The Ones Below seeks to thrill with its Polanski-tinged pregnancy drama but mostly ends up insulting its audience's intelligence with an obvious endgame and cheap stabs at paranoid dread.
There are elements of The Hand That Rocks the Cradle here, but Mr. Farr and an excellent cast of four give it fluidity and balance without the familiar "gotcha."
Supremely chilling and effectively slow-burn.
This suburban nightmare is a testament to the horror of implication, drawing on the vicious politeness of middle-class aggression rather than blood and gore.
Lots of thriller potential here, but out-of-character actions interfere with suspension of disbelief.
The Ones Below is a polished creepy-neighbor thriller that ramps up its dark intensity a little too much, resulting in a somewhat tiresome, overwhelming experience.
The Ones Below demonstrates true artistry, with sharp dialogue and the actors to carry it, a perfect pleasure for those who want to dwell in their deepest fears.
Even as events turn more than a tad preposterous with twists that seem not just predictable but inevitable, Farr keeps a handle on the tension and tone, which keeps us hooked.
There isn't much to fear and even less to like in David Farr's psychological thriller.
Covers some of the familiar fears with a cold, unsettling efficiency.
Feels in some ways like a '90s thriller à la The Hand that Rocks the Cradle or Arlington Road, but it lacks either of those films' thrills.
There's much to admire in the thriller "The Ones Below."
Capably delivering on its ominous title, "The Ones Below" is a masterfully calibrated psychological thriller that deviously plays off of anxieties surrounding contemporary notions of domesticity and identity.
There's plenty to enjoy in the film, starting with a pair of affecting performances by Clémence Poésy and Laura Birn, and ending with a perverse twist on the notion of blissful parenthood.
Its themes, and its "Rosemary"-like lullaby, may haunt you for days ...
David Farr's psychological thriller is a four-hander buoyed by strong, low-key performances from its leads, who commit thoroughly to what are fundamentally one-note characters.
A thriller that exasperates more than it thrills.
While The Ones Below doesn't make it over the finish line, Farr shows good instincts, and has an ease for creating tension without overt manipulation
baby-fever and the terrors of parenthood coalesce into a genuinely unnerving examination of the tenuous grasp any of us have on sanity, and of the consequences brought about by the enforced intimacy of city living
Even the film's lapses inform it with a free-associative sense of portent, evoking the stupid things we inexplicably do in our most personal nightmares.
The premise is strong enough to sustain interest even though the drama lacks emotional intensity and edge-of-the-seat suspense.
A taut, expertly executed chiller.
Farr ... makes a solid fist of his big-screen debut as writer/director, generating some small-scale chills which are undiminished by the occasionally creaky dialogue.
It's best taken as a dark psychological fairy tale.
Farr's handling of the themes is desperately unsubtle, the relationship between the central couple is frustratingly underdeveloped, and the film's melodramatic tendencies are at odds with its ice-cool visuals.
The plot gestates tautly, before the truth, no less harrowing for being expected, comes out... In thrall to Roman Polanski, and all the better for it.
Like soft cheese and rollercoasters, this film is probably best avoided if you're pregnant.
The behaviour of the characters stretches credibility. The performances, though, are striking, especially that of Poésy as the young mum assailed by feelings of guilt, doubt, suspicion and hostility as her grasp on reality begins to loosen.
A paranoid thriller about two well-heeled Islington couples who find they are having first babies weeks apart and live in the same building.
All in all, The Ones Below is a creepy genre exercise by a craftsman finding his groove.
Despite a sense of déjà vu and an unconvincing ending, David Farr's London-set pregnancy chiller conjures up a claustrophobic atmosphere.
An exceedingly relatable, primal fears in his debut feature film The Ones Below - playing on the notion of our offspring being in danger, while using a new born's immense fragility as a means of extracting a distinct anxiety out of us.
Creepy and ambiguous with a winning line in everyday horror.
Aims for the claustrophobic chills of Rosemary's Baby, but comes closer to the outlandish bunny boiler camp of Fatal Attraction.
The Ones Below is an intimately disturbing nightmare of the upper middle classes, with tinges of melodrama and staginess, entirely appropriate for its air of suppressed psychosis.
The Ones Below needs some B-movie embellishment to set it apart from every other wannabe thriller, but it hopes it's too serious for such things.
while the technical craft of it is fine, its influences are worn too proudly on its sleeve.

@highlight

Creepy and well-crafted overall, The Ones Below marks an auspicious feature-length debut for writer-director David Farr.