Lifeless
Sermonizes in the manner Wilde satirized; the movie bends over backwards to assure the audience that marriage and monogamy, the butt of jokes throughout, are just and right.
If you enjoy the charming wit of films such as An Ideal Husband or Enchanted April, you'll probably be Wilde about A Good Woman.
There's only one thing worse than being a period piece, and that's being an out-of-period piece.
Hunt, grievously miscast as the worldly Mrs. Erlynne...ends up looking like a once-fresh teenager, beaten down by the years, playacting in Mommy's oversized threads on a rainy day.
A bit of a muddle at the ending, but the performances are pleasant (Tom Wilkinson is outstanding) and the humour is quick and subversive.
... willfully odd movie ...
While this film is certainly not a painful experience, it is certainly not up to the brilliance of Oscar Wilde's intent and voice.
A wet teabag of a movie.
With its jellyfish direction, A Good Woman throws its actors overboard to see if they can swim.
It's (Tom) Wilkinson who really saves the movie. His acting is always outstanding --- he makes it appear so effortless.
The working title for this film might have been 'Bartlett's Familiar Quotations as Spoken by Brits in Italy'.
It's brief, frivolous, and extremely entertaining even as some of it seems forced, and the film lacks the elegance of Wilde's wordplay.
Entertaining and stylish.
The famous Oscar Wilde wit tempered with gorgeous Italian sunsets. You could do worse.
Writer Howard Himelstein should have left well enough alone.
This could have been an amusing, old-fashioned drawing room farce but fails for two reasons: Helen Hunt and Scarlett Johansson.
...offers the stunning scenery of the Amalfi coast and the thoroughly entertaining, completely endearing performance of Tom Wilkinson..
The production is beautifully costumed and cast, and Hunt acquits herself quite nicely while playing entirely against type.
A Good Woman suffers from a staggeringly bad miscasting of its central role and from a cut-and-paste screenplay that substitutes random insertions of Wilde epigrams for character.
Something is wrong with A Good Woman: The lightning never strikes. It's never quite alive.
The third and very least of the films based on Lady Windermere's Fan, A Good Woman proves itself to be downright bad.
The movie is gorgeous to look at, the script has a killer twist and the cast is competent.
Wilde isn't supposed to be lovely, or charming. He's supposed to be funny, wicked, rude and as full of serious feeling as a lavender butterfly.
A Good Woman is such a dreary affair that it makes you wonder whether the last Wilde adaptation -- the critically lambasted The Importance of Being Earnest with Reese Witherspoon -- was really that bad after all.
A good woman (or a good movie) may not be as hard to find as a good man, but you have to know where to look. This is worth checking out.
Besides the consuming, universal glibness of its characters, A Good Woman is also undermined by some ditsy casting.
The barbs fly with zest and impeccable comic timing in A Good Woman.
A Good Woman won't ruin anyone's day, but it won't make anyone's either, and it won't get the great Irish playwright anything like the admiration his work deserves.
As a rule I'm a pushover for Oscar Wilde's brand of high-flown drollery. But A Good Woman, director Mike Barker's film version of Wilde's Lady Windermere's Fan, left me high, dry and grumpy.
It isn't exactly miscasting that sabotages `A Good Woman' as much as it is the timing of the casting at hand.
For those in the mood for love, A Good Woman is more than good. It's one of the best films of the new year.
Rarely have so many regularly employed professionals created something so utterly undistinguished as A Good Woman.
For the eyes, it's a cinematic banquet filled with the colors, wardrobe and scenery of 1930s Italy. For the mind, it's a sleek, intelligent story about love and money.
A Good Woman above all lacks the joyful, lucid anger that lights up Wilde's plays -- the sense that beneath the witticisms he's telling it like it is to people who aren't used to hearing it.
Strained of much of its Englishness...A Good Woman earns most of its good will from those Wildean epigrams.
Wilde provides the quips, Helen Hunt the acting chops, Scarlett Johansson the ample bosom, and all of it is filtered through golden mediterranean light.
As period dramas go, this Woman is accessible, but not nearly as delightful as the recent Pride & Prejudice.
AS IF Helen Hunt could ever steal a guy away from Scarlett Johansson
Without an incisive satirical tone and with the shift of both period and location, 'A Good Woman' loses its bite.
You know you're in trouble when someone adapts Oscar Wilde's Lady Windermere's Fan and changes the title to something totally forgettable.
The source material and supporting actors make A Good Woman a fairly good movie. But the performances by Helen Hunt as an aging seductress and Scarlett Johansson as a young bride are closer to mediocre.
Hunt and Johansson, two usually good actresses, are vapidly awful, teetering out of their elements in this shakily drawn period piece.
All the fun in A Good Woman occurs off in the corners, while the action in center-frame does little to capture your fancy.
A clever rearranging of Oscar Wilde's first great play, Lady Windermere's Fan.
[Tom] Wilkinson artfully deepens a character who in Wilde's original play was rather boobish. It's a marvelous performance in a pretty good film.
A Good Woman has the will to adapt Wilde to a fresh milieu, but not the way.
This misbegotten adaptation of Oscar Wildes 1892 comedy Lady Windermeres Fan lacks Wilde's high-toned repartee.
It might be empty calories, but A Good Woman is a tasty bonbon, the equal of the recent film version of Wilde's An Ideal Husband.
The film has been relocated from 19th century London to Italy's Amalfi coast in the 1930s, the resort backdrop and the randiness of the female characters giving the enterprise a sort of 'Girls Gone Wilde' feel.
The movie's attempt to update the play from Victorian England to 1930s Italy is so clumsy, tedious and pleased with itself that you wish Wilde himself would return from the dead to fire a few cogent, lethal bon mots at its backside.
A stunning setting, clever dialogue, gorgeous period costumes by John Bloomfield (he did last year's Being Julia) and a honey of a performance by Wilkinson as a practical man of great means who sees nothing wrong in being wanted for his money.
Wilde himself would have rolled his eyes at Mike Barker's shallow effort to spiff up the play for transatlantic markets.
Dragged down by the flat delivery of a grossly miscast Helen Hunt
An unsorted pile of misappropriated period-piece conventions.
Passionate flair periodically turns theatrical but a snappy twist of a climax marks this social satire with a scarlet A for effort.
Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the movies -- The Return Of Helen Hunt!
This Good Woman is an amiable drama queen, sluggish of gait and reliant on retail therapy.
Although the narrative of A Good Woman exists primarily as an excuse for Wilde's dialogue, it works well enough to satisfy in its own right.
Except for the expert Tom Wilkinson as Tuppy, a wealthy swain of Stella's, the acting ranges from amateurish to atrocious.
Oscar Wilde's bon mots are on display.
Opaque in its approach, the film is almost redeemed by its hilarious Wildean one-liners, even if delivered shakily.
Not good enough.
A sprightly version of Oscar Wilde's witty play Lady Windermere's Fan that is filled with clever lines on the complications of sex and marriage.
A triumph of costume design, A Good Woman is also a toothless dog with little internal momentum.
Beautifully adapted, ravishingly filmed and perfectly performed, this movie oozes class from every frame.
Scarlett Johansson displays the same aptitude for period drama that she showed in Girl With A Pearl Earring
Evokes a bygone age of deliciously divine decadence.
There's usually more to Wilde than this film indicates.
Features some fine performances and a nicely offhanded production style, even if it all feels a bit dull.
...instantly forgettable...
Like a Masterpiece Theatre version of a Three's Company episode set in 1930.
Oscar Wilde's social satire steps out of the parlor with mixed, if extremely witty, results.









@highlight

This adaptation of Wilde's Lady Windermere's Fan lacks bite due to liberties taken with the source material, coupled with uneven performances.