Franco... tries unsuccessfully to create tension and excitement around his character, achieving exactly the opposite. He looks as if he's reciting the telephone book. Hill, often a surprisingly fine actor, also dials in his performance.
Essentially, the results and ending of True Story will most likely frustrate viewers but there's no denying that James Franco and Jonah Hill deliver captivating performances
Both stars remain watchable throughout, Hill and Franco cast in cunning opposition to what their respective appearances might suggest.
It's not the grim subject matter that is the problem, as much as its clumsy, mildly pretentious execution, coupled with some nigh-on disastrous casting decisions.
[Goold] and his team do solid work keeping the movie from seeming stagey despite its focus on two characters talking to each other.
True Story is completely missable.
... True Story just never feels like it gets anywhere.
Sadly, it is the viewer who spots such truths early on, observing the rest of the film from a cold distance.
True Story is never flat-out boring. The situation's inherent fascination exudes a certain power. But when the most involving scene is a made-up encounter between Jones (hugely under-used) and Franco, well, you know something's off.
A fine, engrossing procedural drama.
The only fingerprint the film leaves is the one that adorns its one-sheet.
The height of poor taste. Grants notorious men even more notoriety by giving voice to their inexcusable 'travails,' thereby feeding their self-absorption.
It's all a generally agreeable affair with little impact when all is said and done.
Both characters are so deeply immersed in their own fabrications, any bid at genuine truth is doomed from the beginning. The best part is: We don't care, because we're not expected to like either one.
Occasionally tense but flawed.
It's not that Jill speaks a truth you haven't known already. Rather, she intervenes in the men's and the movie's not-so-delicate storytelling, underlining what's obvious.
True Story is a taut, psychological thriller which benefits both from the effectiveness of its two leads as well a sense of brevity that wisely recognises the value of pacing, silence, and space.
Franco and Hill's early scenes together maintains intrigue for a while, but True Story never quite indicates that it has something compelling going on beneath the surface.
It's good, but it could've been amazing and falls short. [Full review in Spanish]
There's a story to tell here. But in the hands of stars Jonah Hill and James Franco, it's not a great story.
Perhaps True Story should have been a stage play, but this low-budget exercise is a chance to savor the abilities of its well-known stars.
For all the big and intriguing themes the film subsequently pays lip service to, there's no disguising the fact that this is a fairly dull and suspense-free true crime drama.
The result is disappointingly televisual, the verdict wholly predictable.
Think of it as a feature-length version of Law & Order and you will pass the time tolerably well.
Crucially lacking in tension and detail, this is a frustratingly vague telling of an extraordinary tale.
It's well acted, nicely plotted and solidly entertaining until the wheels fall off in the last half hour.
As a film, partly because it seems fundamentally stagey, it never quite takes off.
It is never clear whether the film is a study in journalistic bad faith, a courtroom procedural or a drama of very different characters who provide a twisted reflection of one another.
Uninspired and self-conscious performances from Jonah Hill and James Franco are part of what's wrong with this exasperating and unenlightening film ...
A good story, quite grippingly told, and worth consideration.
Being strictly true isn't even the point: being convincingly or interestingly so, or preferably both, might have elevated this thing above drab homework.
An anaemic true crime story which its high-rolling leads are unable to save with their star wattage.
The former comedy co-stars are superbly cast in this fascinating, fact-based story.
True Story is based on the book True Story, which is itself based on a true story, so there is a lot of truth knocking about, I guess you could say, but absolutely none of it is at all interesting.
True Story's undoing is that it lacks the very thing Finkel himself so desperately prized: the perfect angle.
Absolutely nothing interesting is happening.
Rather pat and schematic.
This thing is a dud for reasons that have nothing to do with casting, much as the trailer might look like a Funny Or Die sketch.
True Story is an odd bird. I expected a taut cat and mouse story, but got something sadder.
Goold holds the film at a resting pulse throughout, encouraging his often outsized lead actors to underplay their parts, and the material holds very little dramatic urgency.
A completely forgettable and misguided piece of work...
How do you represent child murder onscreen without showing violence? Give this assignment to 25 film students, and it's possible 24 of them will come back with a shot of a teddy bear falling in slow motion. It's just such a shot that opens 'True Story.'
The stars, seen in a very different context from their norm together, simply can't build the necessary dramatic and psychological tension to sustain a story.
A film with performances much better than its material
... offers a compelling glimpse into the convergence of journalism and the justice system.
True Story covers a lot of ground quickly ... leaving plenty of room to explore the film's complex themes.
Begins better than it ends, with tantalizing details that suggest a more satisfying tale than is actually in store.
When the truth of the story at last sinks in, it's not decorous at all -- which is to the credit of Rupert Goold and True Story.
We can admire the concept, but we're happy when it's over.
What's the opposite of stealing a movie? Putting it back? Looking the other way? Laziness? Whatever it is, that's where I am with James Franco.
Gripping, disturbing drama based on real murders.
Though [True Story] attempts to tackle issues of reportorial and moral integrity -- just how far someone will go to convince him or herself that the end justifies the means -- it is ultimately totally out of its depth.
Ripped from the headlines, it is not as good as "Capote," but close enough.
Biggest crime is underusing its best actor. Felicity Jones gets stuck in a clichéd dutiful wife trope.
Finkel comes off as a generic viewer surrogate, which is a problem when the viewer is ahead of him.
With True Story, the very definition of "true crime" itself is put under the microscope, as Jonah Hill and James Franco both play against type and play against one another.
Where to begin in tabulating the missteps in this uninvolving, mechanically plotted mystery. We don't buy Hill for a second as a globe-trotting reporter; Franco's accused killer is all twinkly-eyed smirks.
Filming a drama about the compromises and conventions of storytelling, Goold falls prey to them. He lacks the pulp verve and the symbolic imagination to illuminate or even convey the characters' mysteries.
A crime drama posing as a mystery.
It's not in the same league as "Capote" or the recent "Jinx," but still earns its place in the pantheon of journalists cozying up with mass murderers.
'True Story' is about how far a person can bend the truth before it breaks and how devastating it can be when it finally gives way.
Franco often comes across more as a guy peeved that someone tapped out the frat-house keg than a tortured individual potentially engaged in Machiavellian maneuverings.
Goold never allows the script or actors to make light of the relationship --- or its importance.
Hill and Franco did not rehearse their scenes together beyond the first table read, all the better to make their interaction more natural and plausible. It worked.
A story with potential that's done in by Hill, who is not up to the task of portraying such a complex character.
Jonah Hill stars in a drama that's no laughing matter. Even though the film grows muddled in trails of misdirected ambition and deceit, Hill excels.
It's as good as any work I've seen in a film in 2015, and "True Story" is one of the better movies to come along this year.
Slow pacing on top of subdued performances and a misappropriation of the film's focus turns us into the real victims of this film.
One of the creepiest disclosures in this rather weird movie comes at the very end, when we discover how a couple of the featured players are getting along now.
'True Story' reminds us to take anything we view with a grain a salt and a sneer of incredulous while truly appreciating those who do not lie...
Attention, true crime addicts desperate for a new fix after Serial and The Jinx: This riveting and highly disturbing chiller will satiate your needs.
...never developed any sympathy for the two key players.
This type of wallow in ethical murk isn't always exciting, but it's heady and deep.
Director Rupert Goold keeps things appropriately creepy, but True Story is no Capote.
True Story digs deeper into the cultural fascination with killers and attempts a potent corrective along the way, reminding us who's been lost but also how justice isn't just another gripping procedural.
This is a movie about two men facing off on a playing field of ego and hubris. The last thing it needed was a couple of star turns.
Slow moving and never delivers on "Why?"
This is a strange story to tell and an even stranger way of telling it, and worst of all, it's puts us in position to root for the redemption of a character who doesn't deserve it and shouldn't have it.
Director Rupert Goold obviously had Truman Capote and In Cold Blood in mind while making True Story, and it pops into our heads, too, but the comparison isn't always a good thing.
Methodically paced, and anchored by two damned solid performances from Jonah Hill and James Franco.
A bizarre and at times downright creepy story that functions well as a good yarn but also for its exploration of the often-blurred boundary between truth and fiction.
An okay if underwhelming 100 or so minutes where the only real question and related drama is whether the accused is guilty or not. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Longo's character remains not just opaque, but uninteresting, while Finkel's gets endless, useless attention. As fascinating as he may have been to himself, the movie never conveys that appeal to us.
As refreshing as it is not to see a comic book, slam-banger movie this close to summer releases, the talky 'True Story' could use some movement. Adapting it as a stage play seems more plausible.
A cat-and-mouse murder tale in which the mouse is a self-destructive sap and the cat has been declawed.
Uneven but Franco's creepy charm is compelling.
You could easily imagine Hill and Franco in a parody version, with Franco, like Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct, crossing and uncrossing his legs to each probing question.
Jones delivers her moral righteousness with a passion the rest of the film lacks. Otherwise, this is just the story of an awful human and the dupe who loved him.
True Story fascinates beyond the initial hook of the story...
Does a lot of its work with its tongue-in-cheek title, a meta commentary on the not-so-broad spectrum of liar, actor, fiction writer, filmmaker and journalist.
There's a fascinating true story at the heart of True Story, but somehow the process of putting it on film has smoothed out the horror and smothered the inherent allure in the tale of a disgraced journalist who befriends an accused murderer.
Never mind the facts. True Story, slick and shaky, doesn't know where the truth lies.
Unfortunately this "Story" never finds its footing as either a creepy morality play or a performance-driven two-hander.
The drama has a wicked premise and some memorable one-on-one scenes, but it leads nowhere.
To watch "True Story" is to think, "Wait, this insane thing really happened, right?" But, sadly, it is also to think, "Boy, do these two deserve each other."
Leads with its chin from the title on down and which turns a startling tale of true crime and false identities into a heavy-breathing drama that, ironically, fails to convince.
This is chilling material, and Hill and Franco make sure the story packs a wallop.
There is plenty of potential for turns and twists, but nothing ever happens.
The real story of Christian Longo and Michael Finkel might be a fascinating and disturbing tale of crime, curiosity and journalistic ethics, but that's not what this movie is.
"True Story" rings false from start to finish.
Lightweight script doesn't help a grandiose premise.
not enough of a promise to power the entire film
The script is first-rate, questioning whether any story can really be credible when both the writer and the subject have everything to gain from it.
Watching these two actors (and off-screen best buds) feed off each other becomes the big draw in British theater director Rupert Goold's interesting but ultimately underwhelming movie debut.
True Story is more like watching a chess match between expert players than attending a soccer match that erupts in a crowd riot.
A fact-based but slow-paced legal thriller notable more for its cast than its narrative momentum.
Franco is finely cast as the manipulative murderer-his heavy-lidded eyes and half-smirk can be menacing given the right material.
Even with shrewd and honest work by Franco and Hill and a solid supporting turn from under-used Felicity Jones as Finkel's romantic partner, the film comes to life only sporadically.
While the movie sometimes seems like faux Fincher, the symbiotic acting, artful imagery and punchline ending turn "True Story" into credible entertainment.
True Story is an intrinsically fascinating and occasionally riveting tale marred by unnecessary embellishments.
Viewers aren't left with queasy questions about truth, credulousness and culpability as much as with a downcast shrug.
[An] intermittently fascinating movie version from first-time features director Rupert Goold and stars Jonah Hill and James Franco in roles that, for once, don't ask them to be caricatures of arrested adolescence.
If we figure out Franco-as-Longo is lying before Hill-as-Finkel does, then why should we be interested in this writer's redemption if he's so easily hornswoggled?
Every so often you will look at Franco and think what a fine job of acting he's doing. But you'll think that even as you are not believing a moment of it.
By film's end, True Story is less about the evil of which people are capable than the way we manipulate and act, sometimes unconsciously, in order to get what we want.
The film is pretty standard fare that, considering the crazy-but-true nature of the story, deserved something a little more memorable than this.
Maybe the point is we never know who or what to believe. But too many maybes are hell on sustaining tension.
A dry, flat production. Neither convincing nor dramatic.
"True Story" spends much of its 90 minutes trying to figure out just what it is.
"True Story" introduces itself as a tale of murder, but it's special work when dissecting the death of integrity.
A chilling tale about the price of lying.
Frequently bounces back and forth between something that lives up to its name and something that inspires skepticism and disbelief.
There's no tension and never a moment where it feels like anything is at stake. Longo is guilty; Finkel will get his story and get on with his life. It's all about them, not what happened to an innocent family.
This based-on-fact drama would seem to have enough lurid details, slippery truths and human complexity to be an intriguing combination of "Capote" and "Shattered Glass." But the movie squanders its chances.
Like Serial and The Jinx, it draws some fascination from the distinct possibility that the suspect it studies may be guilty as charged.
Even if the treatment of the story can be a bit lifeless, the facts themselves are so fascinating that the movie can't help but be compelling.
Franco downplays his accused killer role, speaking softly and dazedly, which works eerily well. Hill makes Finkel driven and obsessed, yet never heroic.
We should suffer along with the unsteady Finkel as he gets drawn into Longo's world, but too often, his anxieties remain exclusively his own.
In Cold Blood -- or even Capote -- this is not. It's made with too much slickness, and you'll be way ahead of it.
Although True Story never comes close to Truman's Capote's In Cold Blood standard for true crime, its willingness to shed the procedural approach allows it to transcend the mediocrity that often infects tales of this sort.
In the four years since he was Oscar-nominated for "127 Hours'' - and disastrously co-hosted the Academy Awards ceremony - James Franco has gone from one of our most exciting actors to an international joke.
That the main characters are played by James Franco and Jonah Hill makes it more interesting - a good thing because most of the story is two guys sitting around talking. You'll be glad it's them.
Goold has made a stolid, well-acted, intelligent drama that respects the complications of Finkel and Longo's storytelling agendas without bringing them to life.
True Story trips and stumbles so much in the telling that you don't know what to believe, and instead of one man's irony you end up with two men's lies.
Hill and Franco are well-cast, but the meant-to-be-more-suspenseful film? "Capote Lite."
Pat and thin, swelling up like a balloon in its middle section before shrinking to a nub by its end.
The limitations of its script and of Jonah Hill's performance in the central role keep it from transcending its shortcomings.
The balance between true-crime cable soap and the darker, richer layers of Franco's performance never quite adds up.
The filmmakers follow the lead of a true story into a thicket of snarled motivations, confusing situations and tepid confrontations that yield little actual conflict.
Especially for a movie that springs from a horrific and grisly crime, True Story feels undershaped and indistinct; it's too dispassionate to be genuinely chilly.
If the film's copycat visual artistry illuminates nothing, at least its script is sincerely devoted to probing Finkel and Longo's odd partnership.
A story this strange and intriguing could have used more juice. Ultimately, True Story is as frosty and aloof as the enigmatic Christian Longo.
True Story is involving but surprisingly calm, going for stretches without seeming to care whether what he's reporting is an exposé or a cover-up.
A very dry legal procedural.
The chemistry between Jonah Hill and James Franco banks on their friendly comfortability, but this immediate bond makes for a tense, jarring tension that emerges from two tragically destined characters.
Clever exploration of a cat-and-mouse theme featuring the exploitation of a journalist by a convicted murderer.
Understated in spite of its sensational subject matter, it's a well-made if somewhat humdrum movie.
A riveting and rigorous examination of lying.
An incredibly frustrating film where only supporting player Felicity Jones truly shines.
When more ambitious films indict a lie, the entertainment defense wins every case, but True Story falls short.
The film makes a show of judging its subject, Mike Finkel, even while taking his story at face value and paying him for the privilege. It's bogus moralizing piled atop more bogus moralizing. Great acting though!
Lack of subtlety downgrades True Story into a crumpled piece of questionable non-fiction.
An offbeat crime drama that compels right from the start and will have audiences talking.
Such a strong piece that I would not even be remotely surprised if this is being talked about at year's end, come awards time.
A strong showcase for Jonah Hill's dramatic chops.
"True Story" doesn't seem to fully capture what's fascinating about the material.
The important themes below the surface come out in impressionistic waves. The actual story, with its occasionally cringe-worthy, on-the-nose dialogue, comes very close to exposing the entire production as a lie.
"True Story" is a tightly made slice of true crime that treads the line between fact and fiction that has so bedeviled storytellers, and asserts that perhaps reality lies somewhere outside of that, and is still only what you make of it.
In Goold's hands, the two thesps deliver measured, soul-searching work.

@highlight

James Franco and Jonah Hill make a watchable pair, but True Story loses their performances -- and the viewer's interest -- in a muddled movie that bungles its fact-based tale.