The only genuinely startling moments come via the deafening sound effects that accompany a large roast hitting the floor and Anna scraping metal hangers along a clothing rack.
It's not original, it's not especially clever and the twist won't make you want to watch it again, but hey - at least it wasn't The Unborn.
The Uninvited may strike even viewers who don't know the original as disarmingly familiar.
This is one of those "gotcha!" movies where nothing you see can be believed.
Take a 'concept', strip it bare of all layers of meaning, remake it with added genre cliches and scantily clad American teens in order to a 'wider audience'. Voila.
As far as PG-13 Americanizations of Asian shockers go, it's about 70 percent passable
Just to set the taste level, the first line in The Uninvited is 'I love you, I have a condom.' Yep, the bar is already lowered.
An effective blend of thriller and horror.
A mild improvement over its nigh unwatchable predecessor...
Suffers from a meekness -- its scares never dig deep and are more sensational than disturbing, and its storyline has been modified to something more conventional.
The latest teen horror, directed by Charles and Thomas Guard, has a bit more patience than such films usually display.
It is less bloody and less ambiguous than the original.
The Uninvited is workmanlike and has a twist too many, but it's always entertaining and kept afloat by three game leading ladies and competent hands behind the camera.
Unremarkable, unimaginative and unnecessary. Check out the superior original instead.
Poor remake of the Korean thriller.
As in the original, the film slyly manipulates the audience's perspective, and a brilliantly filmed climactic 'reveal' marks this British duo as a pair to watch.
The Uninvited is a little too mild-mannered to please any but the most vanilla of horror fans.
They are all just guests at a camp masked ball - poised to unveil themselves in a denouement that somehow manages to be more outlandish - and more comic - than all the bumps and rattles that went before.
Like its own Asian source, this movie has a big and elaborately planted twist up its sleeve, but this time around it leaves us feeling tricked and underwhelmed -- horror primly behaving itself as a peekaboo exercise in misdirection.
There should be enough to keep the teen audience the film is clearly targeted at on their toes, although aficionados of the genre will no doubt be bored to death.
Not nearly as creepy as the stylishly shot original, this version trades eerie atmosphere for clunky physical effects.
Suffice it to say that I enjoyed the twist, which isn't original but is entertainingly outrageous.
The trouble is a twist ending that even a brain-dead centipede will see coming a long way off.
The pace plods, the acting is unconvincing and there are no goose bump moments.
Its most intriguing quality is that its final five minutes are so much more interesting than anything that goes before.
Yikes, or rather, yawn. Hokum factor - 10.
The Unremarkable might be a better title for this creakily constructed but enjoyable enough scary movie.
The Uninvited is decently shot and acted but has a silly ending that negates most of what has gone before.
A Tale of Two Sisters creates a strong atmosphere of mystery, but never quite manages to fool us with all of the red herrings along the way.
Kim Jee-woon's creepy, ambiguous South Korean chiller A Tale of Sisters gets a straightforward and suspense-free Hollywood makeover here.
Beautifully shot, superbly acted and frequently creepy horror flick, though it's slightly spoiled by making one of its key twists too obvious early on.
The performances are pretty good but some of the characters aren't quite fleshed out.
Actually one of the best Asia-to-America adaptations since way back when The Ring (or was it The Grudge?) first got the ball rolling.
...slow and plodding and very, very familiar.
Punctuated by a crescendo of unoriginal set pieces designed to make you jump in your seat, but more likely to leave you groaning.
You might jump out of your seat once or twice, but many of the alleged scary scenes in this psychological horror/thriller are so cliched that they'll make you chuckle.
The good work done by the Guards earlier in the picture -- continual layering of one new level of mystique upon another -- is tainted by a sudden desperation to explain away everything with several clumsy flashbacks.
This is a teenage horror film made with efficiency, as if that was enough. It's as mechanical as a train set and that's what good horror can't be.
Thanks to a pair of talented actresses, The Uninvited is intriguing for almost an hour and a half. The ending is a convoluted letdown, but I have to admit I didn't guess the twist.
The direction is by the Guard Brothers, Charles and Thomas, Brits making their first feature -- and they've done a pretty slick job.
A standard supernatural thriller, carefully and thoughtfully crafted with little sign of cheap gore, about two sisters coping with the death of their mother and the arrival of Dad's new girlfriend.
Apart from excellent performances, there is little to recommend The Uninvited, not even great ghoulish effects.
It's hard to believe it took two directors, British brothers Charles and Thomas Guard, and three screenwriters to make this vapid remake of... [the] insidiously unnerving A Tale of Two Sisters/Janghwa, Hongryeon (2003).
What stands out about the production above all else is the quality of the casting.
Preteen girls looking for slumber-party DVD rentals probably represent the film's ideal audience.
What a nice surprise! A mind-bending, intelligent PG-13 (a remake of an Asian movie, yet!) thriller that's well worth seeing. 'The Uninvited' has great atmosphere, fine performances and nice twist ending.
The more clever turns retained from the first film end up playing as gimmicky.
Elizabeth Banks does commendable work as the movie's boogie woman.
The sex-with-daddy business serves as an underpinning to Anna's fundamental trauma.
All it has to distinguish itself from all the other J-Horror and K-Horror remakes and knock-offs is a surprisingly effective against-type starring role and a surpassingly horrid ending.
Aside from what's been stolen, the movie is standard stuff...
I guess the titles The Uninspired and The Uninvolving were considered too honest.
It's hard to be scary when you look like Elizabeth Banks unless you're being chased by a mad killer wielding the age of 40.
A watered-down remake, but David Straithairn is an unintentional riot, looking more lost than most fathers of teen girls.
The Uninvited rattles doorknobs and creaks floorboards but can't quite drown out the louder rattling of its shaky script.
...like most English language remakes of Asian horror subtlety takes a back seat to bludgeoning.
[It}...in a very heavy-handed way tries to make you believe something is happening when it isn't. The twist at the end is a big non-surprise.
The ending annoyed me so much that it nearly erased my memory of anything worthwhile earlier in the film.
American remake of Korean horror film is violent but dull.
stumbles awkwardly into laughs when it should be creeping out its audience with more than a dinner menu
The Uninvited isn't bad. Worse, it's bland.
has more in common with David S. Goyer's stinker The Unborn that we saw several weeks ago. If only it had been shot in 3D, then we might have had a gimmick to enjoy
If only The Uninvited had a more intelligent screenplay with smarter characters, more real scares and less reliance on cheap gimmickry as a means of entertainment, it wouldn't feel so vapid, illogical and underwhelming.
The Uninvited is that too-seldom-seen thing: a traditional psycho-horror movie made with smarts and style, which arrives at a creepy conclusion with its honor intact.
Twist endings are supposed to make an iota of sense. Tell that to the folks responsible for The Uninvited
A prosaic thriller that needed a touch of visual poetry to make the grade...Kim's original is far scarier; come to think of it, so is Lewis Allen's The Uninvited from 1944.
Perfunctory scares lead up to a would-be surprise plot reveal that instead carries the odor of a day-old tuna sandwich left out on the counter.
It's a slick, bloodless affair that's neither as suggestive as the classic general-audiences ghost stories of the past, nor as intense as a hard-R would allow it to be.
The Uninvited is a mess of styles and stolen ideas, including a plot twist that would make M. Night Shyamalan roll his eyes and dialogue straight from a CW scene generator.
In truth it's just a gimmicky thriller that doesn't play fair with the audience.
Scare-mongers will probably find The Uninvited too tame for their taste, but the storytelling should satisfy thriller fans.
The Uninvited story may not pay back a viewer's attention, but the visuals are their own reward.
A decently constructed genre programmer for much of its running time, The Uninvited just lays its Big Twist on the table, but does nothing to earn it or make it stick.
Cheap thrills and a gimmicky twist at the climax keep The Uninvited in the realm of the subpar horror movie.
More than that, it engages in a bit of silly Shyamalan-like slight of hand that's totally idiotic, the final ten minutes making the previous 70 about as pointless as eating five dozen caramel apples with a mouth full of rotting teeth.
What can I tell you about The Uninvited that you haven't already heard about every other instantly forgettable horror flick?
The story line is more crafted than it at first appears, but a big finish doesn't always make up for everything that came before. Until then, The Uninvited is basically 80 minutes of things jumping out and making loud noises.
Although the movie's best moments are pilfered, at least the Guards know whom to steal from (I'd bet The Shining is still in their DVD player). True, there's nothing new here for veteran horror fans.
A teenager's resistance to her father's new girlfriend provides the emotional underpinnings for The Uninvited, a spooky, if narcotic, psychological thriller adapted from a 2003 K-horror suspenser.
...has more genuinely earned scares than any other recent American horror movie.
A horror-thriller that's neither horrifying nor thrilling.
The Uninvited won't make anyone forget The Shining, but it's a nice throwback to the days when scary movies featured pretty good actors, a plot that holds together and a couple of creepy-looking ghost kids.
The excellent South Korean A Tale of Two Sisters becomes a less complex, but not bad, thriller in The Uninvited.
The premise is seaworthy, but the execution flounders.
That climax is not enough to make the formulaic nature of what's preceded any easier to sit through. Unless you happen to be 12, in which case The Uninvited may well seem like the scariest movie ever made.
Though not in the top tier of psychological horror flicks, The Uninvited is well-paced and offers enough jolts and twists to keep an audience sufficiently on the edge of their seats to offset the price of admission.
The plot borrows as freely from Hitchcock and Henry James as from the Bard of Avon, and doesn't make scrupulous sense, though I'd have to see the film again, which I won't do, to make sure it doesn't cheat.
Parental Content Review
A truly frightening experience with a 100% certified shocker of an ending.
a less than exciting Hollywood debut for co-directors... "The Guard Brothers." The Coens and the Wachowskis do not have to start worrying yet.
. . .one of those movies that opens in January, makes a few quick bucks from kids who will see virtually any PG-13 horror item that comes along and is then completely forgotten by February.
A generic horror programmer somewhat enlivened by two strong lead performances and a surprising, if preposterous, plot twist.
There's a substantial twist in The Uninvited, a pretty fair and reasonably scary remake of South Korean director Kim Jee-Woon's thriller A Tale of Two Sisters.
[E]ven when it's not telegraphing its secrets, it kinda is, anyway, in its helplessness to hide that it's cheating...
Shockingly, the movie was a half-way decent horror flick with a great ending you will not see coming. I wouldn't waste your money in the theatres but it's a great rental.
It rummages around in familiar domestic genres looking for a reason to exist.
Squanders 70 strong minutes with a pointless gotcha that I don't think anyone will much appreciate.
Once the pieces became clear that directors Charles & Thomas Guard were content on being M. Night Shyamalan instead of Ji-Woon Kim, it's enough to make any purist feeling tainted.
The material and execution are weak, but it is trying very hard.
No match for the original...But it stands on its own as a decent popcorn movie...
Should a horror film be able to redeem its own idiocy with a switcheroo ending?
Taken on its own, The Uninvited has a good deal to recommend it.
Don't be deceived by the trailer as "The Uninvited" has so much more the offer the victim, I mean viewer.
Even in retrospect it's not a great film, but it's better than the first 80 minutes suggested it was going to be.
Too derivative and laden with plot twists to be effective, it's hard to enjoy this cluttered remake knowing how much better the original movie is.
barely delivers a single shiver
The Uninvited works better as a Maine travel guide than a horror movie.
Experienced horror fans will probably stay one step ahead of the game, but it's still a nice ride.
The Uninvited goes through its motions efficiently, if soullessly.
Arriving at least two years after the Asian-horror-remake craze subsided, The Uninvited delivers a spooky-stepmom saga free of invention.
Weak even by the standard of uninspired recent Asian-horror remakes.
This mysterious supernatural thriller also has a lame plot twist at the end, a contrivance that's pretty easy to figure out if you're paying attention.
The movie's source material invited a much more thoughtful interpretation.
It offers plenty of mood, a few good scares and enough twists to keep not just horror fans but mainstream audiences hooked.
The film does not always make alterations for the better—A Tale of Two Sisters left more to ponder and chew on—but it does form a cohesive narrative that seems as if actual care was paid to designing it.
Horror standbys like mangled corpses and stone-faced children pop up regularly, but sibling directors Charles and Thomas Guard haven't quite nailed the genre's rhythms.
There's little reason to stay invested in what quickly becomes a grueling 80-minute-long journey into the easily telegraphed and roughly acted.
Unlike the rest of the Class of '09 thus far, The Uninvited marches to an off-beat, and thank goodness for small favors.
The Uninvited is an occasionally spooky, often silly, made-you-jump suspense film with a conclusion that's not quite whack enough to satisfy.
The Uninvited packs in some impressive imagery that will keep you engaged, even while the dialogue suggests you'd be better off sleeping.
An uninteresting, uninspired collection of unadjectives.
The Uninvited is a flawed production, but gratifying in the way it delivers.
When a movie like this is done well, it's uncommon. The Uninvited is done well.
The fear isn't psychological; it's merely a creaky wooden house spook show easily left behind at the theatre exit.
We've seen it all before, but that doesn't diminish the accomplishment of first-time directors (and brothers) Charles and Thomas Guard, who clearly believe that a creaking door is scarier than a gouged-out eyeball.
An occult home invasion horror thriller serving up a suspicious aspiring stepmom, extra bloody beef for dinner, and an oversized dildo named Mister Chubby. And victims fleshed out enough, so that we care about them when they squirm.
Though not as scary or creepy as the original Korean horror film, this American remake is well produced and well acted by its three central women.
By the end of the film, The Uninvited is genuinely compelling. But despite the scares along the way, the rest of the film doesn't make an especially compelling case for doing the work to get there.

@highlight

The Uninvited is moody and reasonably involving, but suffers from predictable plot twists.