Zellwegger struggles in a frosty role that forces her into one comic indignity after another.
Sweet, gooey romantic comedy.
New in Town is old, and worn out. Its joints are creaky, it smells like mothballs, and it just keeps repeating the same old stories over and over again.
Bright and engaging, this film is just a bit of watchable fluff without a single moment of originality
Zellweger exudes none of the warmth and winsome behavior that helped raise the first Bridget Jones film to something solid.
A transparent fish-out-of-water romantic comedy by A Danish director which won't work with an American audience.
Danish director Jonas Elmer doesn't quite understand romantic nuance.
It pains me to admit, and I may be distinctly in the minority here, but I really liked this film.
This fish-out-of-water romantic comedy offers nothing new and sticks to a comfortingly predictable formula.
Most of the time [Zellweger] looks uncomfortable in the role -- as in, what am I doing in this hammy, undercooked movie?
The film starts off as a tedious, lifeless ordeal and it stays that way with a vengeance.
This is a dopey piece of work, slack, derivative, sentimental.
Jokes fall flat, the story goes limp and Zellweger will no doubt want to forget she was ever New in Town.
Predictable and uninspired, it is one more example of the dumb comedies that Hollywood is churning out at an alarming rate.
A shockingly banal script lends the movie a generic awfulness; you wish Zellweger were in better hands.
Renée Zellweger's rabbity, dimply pout - surely the strangest facial expression in Hollywood - simpers and twitches out of the screen in this moderate girly flick that adheres with almost religious fanaticism to the feelgood romcom handbook.
The most shocking thing about New In Town is the sheer lack of care that seems to have gone into it. It's as if a terrible TV script has been pulled out of a dusty drawer and padded out into a movie.
must have paid Zellweger a lot of money. Romcom fans should save theirs for repeat outings to He's Just Not That Into You.
Handed a role that will amuse nobody but her bank manager, Zellweger displays an infectious lack of enthusiasm, convincing only in capturing the look of someone who wishes they would rather be anywhere else. It's easy to sympathise.
Recalling the shmaltziest bits of similar city-slicker-meetsbumpkin romcoms like Doc Hollywood and Sweet Home Alabama, New In Town is pure Valentine's Day drivel.
There are precious few laughs to be found in this tale.
The screenplay is credited to Kenneth Rance and C. Jay Cox, but it's so shockingly inept, it might have been churned out by some cheap screenwriting software.
There is the expected smattering of slapstick moments and Connick Jr delivers the requisite outdoorman charm to show Renee just how cool the cold can be.
Groundbreaking cinema it ain't, with the story unfolding exactly as you'd expect. But fans of the corn director Frank Capra used to cook will find it a dish to savour.
There are fears the recession could turn into a depression - which is where you'll be if you endure this "romantic comedy" about factory workers facing the sack.
We have to munch through a load of Capra-corn as she switches from corporate hatchet-woman to champion of local business. "You know, you're not so bad when you're unconscious," says Connick Jr of her. We could probably say the same of the scriptwriter.
Zellweger's face looks stuck in a permanent wince. Oh wait, it's the clunking script about a spike-heeled career girl forced to move from Miami to Minnesota.
What's happened to Renée Zellweger's face in this film? Sadly, it's the only thing new about this wait-and-rent-it romcom, leaving one ample time to ponder why she now resembles an over-boiled Cabbage Patch doll.
New In Town is rather like tapioca itself, soggy and virtually tasteless. It's like a Frank Capra movie with hardened arteries.
Renee whenee looks boredee woardee and unchallenged and that's what you'll be too.
By the time the film presents us with the social problem of getting an errant handful of buckshot fired into your bottom, you realise that everyone has lost faith in the movie.
This is not the first movie to have a laugh with the hicks versus city slicks theme - it's a pity director Jonas Elmer didn't add a little acid.
Utterly predictable comedy-drama that stays watchable thanks to a likeable cast and some decent dialogue, even if the Zellweger / Connick Jr pairing doesn't exactly set the screen alight.
This is the classic 'How come I never heard of this movie?" One day you are watching TV, and New in Town pops on and nothing makes sense. You wonder how you missed hearing about this film in the theater.
All it does is mine stereotypes about the small-town Upper Midwest that were starting to get cliched when "The Music Man" was first staged in 1957.
With charming performances by Hogan and Simmons, this is a feel-good movie that I enjoyed. Who cares if it's derivative?
Here's a perfect example of bad timing: The release of 'New in Town.'
The offspring of "Baby Boom" meets "Doc Hollywood."
The sight of the Gold Circle Films logo at the top of a romantic comedy released at the beginning of the year is a most dire signifier of impending cinematic doom.
New in Town subjects Lucy (Renée Zellweger) to a series of life-changing revelations, most stemming from a reductive big city/small town dichotomy.
The sort of inane rom-com drivel that Hollywood recycles on a regular basis.
Before I sat through New in Town, I'd have said that putting J.K. Simmons and a T. Rex song in a movie could only help. Now I know better.
Sweet romantic comedy that satisfies while you are watching it and is totally forgotten when it is over
In the current economic climate, this comedy about workers whose livelihood is rescued by a benevolent boss represents the ultimate wish-fulfillment fantasy. Don't spend your hard-earned discretionary cash on it.
I heard sustained laughter through the first two-thirds of the movie. Then it crashes and burns because the script, strip-mined from other similar themed efforts, runs out of ideas and jokes.
He's a little bit country, she's a little bit rock 'n' roll and it's all totally contrived! The movie may be called New in Town, but it's an old Hollywood love story that doesn't improve with age.
There is nothing new about New in Town. It is as formula as they come. However, not all formula is bad.
In the words of Blanche, "New In Town" is only "okie dokie, artichokie."
Mostly because of a lead character as unbelievable as Renee Zellweger's ambitious Lucy Hill, it's not easy to warm up to this romantic comedy.
New in Town is better than standard rom-com fare, dontcha know?
The warmth of love thaws even the coldest of corporate hearts in this easy-to-take Zellweger vehicle.
Its gently uplifting message about the importance of taking the time getting to know people openly and to tolerate outsiders makes it feel mostly pleasant, harmless and big-hearted, yet, ultimately forgettable.
Think only of Groundhog Day. New in Town has most of the ingredients for such a picture, but it hasn't bothered to make them fresh, and thus engaging. Who should be bothered to see it?
As a movie critic, I see movies so you don't have to. Thus, it's my sacred duty to warn you off New in Town -- assuming I have enough brain cells left to write this review.
Formulaic romantic comedy has mostly mild content.
"New In Town" is an uncomplicated fish-out-of-water romance with just enough modern-day social commentary to give it some substance.
Predictably formulaic romantic comedy that's as bleak as the Minnesota-in-winter landscape
So elementary it makes most after-school specials look sophisticated.
An unappealing comedy with a derisive and dismissive depiction of Midwesterners.
This is a movie that feels like a clock radio with a stuck snooze button, the clichés as ripe and as annoying as that never-ending buzzer trying to wake a person up first thing in the morning.
We could use an upbeat film with a solid Frank Capra vibe. But New in Town doesn't elicit a rah-rah spirit so much as it reawakens the cynical thought that such lazy screenwriters deserve to be out of work.
Parental Content Review
It has a certain Midwestern charm that settles calmly in the stomach, making the viewer feel warm, comfortable, and quick to smile.
Although it wasn't quite the comedy we had hoped for, the idea behind it is pretty cute; we just wished the laughs weren't so awkward and forced.
The month of January has come to be known as a graveyard for bad movies, but how bad can it get? This one answers the question.
It follows a particularly abhorrent Hollywood formula: Ridicule the friendly, rural folks, show how stupid they are, then by the end, place their small-town values and inherent decency on a pedestal.
There's a Capra-esque joy in this small and unpretentious movie.
Zellweger and Connick are likable in the lead roles, and J.K. Simmons is a low-key gas as a plant supervisor.
There should be a special Oscar for good actors who still give their all when they're in bad movies.
[A] drearily cheerful little picture that isn't nearly as funny or as heartwarming -- or even as topical, given the economic climate -- as it thinks it is.
Whereas Bridget stands as the best Hollywood romantic comedy of the past decade, New in Town hovers somewhere near the middle of the subpar pack.
Reprehensible.
With the recession getting worse by the day, it's asking an awful lot for audiences to laugh at a romantic comedy centering on corporate layoffs.
A romantic comedy that's neither romantic nor funny.
The film squeezes every ounce of sweet-tempered comic potential from brutal windchill, Lutheran reticence and white-bread cuisine.
The timing couldn't have been better for a romantic comedy with a love-among-the-financial-ruins theme to come along. But if you're looking for a welcome mat for New in Town, you won't find it here.
You can see every minute of New In Town coming at you like a train on a Prairie horizon.
Broad accents, broader slapstick and a willful shrinking from anything remotely original. ... Also much condescension, toward both the characters and the audience.
Poor Renée. Her character may find a cozy hearth, but she's definitely left way out in the cold.
Yes, this movie offers dumb hope in wretched times, but for many, dumb hope is preferable to no hope at all.
It's meant to be a winsome romantic comedy, which might have been able to reach its destiny if it didn't have to chop its way through a thicket of stereotypes and bad jokes.
As a comic fable for hard times, New in Town is irredeemably moronic.
A romantic comedy for our fiscal moment, when so many people are facing job insecurity and loss. This context gives a rather lighthearted romance some actual gravitas.
A flat, formulaic and annoying comedy.
In one scene, the townsfolk, candles in hand, gather around an outdoor Christmas tree to sing about Jesus; at the end of the performance, I kind of expected them to lead Zellweger, the outsider, off to a large wicker man.
New in Town is The Pajama Game without the songs, the laughs or the bare-knuckled realism.
The recipe of New in Town isn't secret, and it tastes like pablum to me.
As generic as its title while also yawningly idiotic in its own unique way...
Would it be a valid review if there was just a picture of a cookie cutter on this page instead of text?
New in Town is a fun little flick that delivers a decent message and makes me want to visit Minnesota. It is the perfect rental.
The mostly inoffensive but ultimately completely enslaved to formula New in Town is destined to feel like a really bad case of cinematic deja vu. It's Doc Hollywood meets Fargo--minus the wood chipper.
The flat romantic comedy New in Town has no idea of how to play its cards.
The thudding sounds you hear at New In Town are jokes landing like lead balloons and conking the life out of the actors.
How much do I want to believe in America 2.0 as a place where a Suit might help factory workers survive hard times?
New in Town is so choppy that it would seem to have been edited with a pickax.
It is a romantic comedy so condescending, so stupid and so utterly devoid of laughs, charm or recognizable entertainment value that I kept waiting for Kate Hudson to show up at some point to take over the lead role
Most of the comedy revolves around Lucy's status as the fish out of water who doesn't belong in this town. Some of it is hilarious. Some of it is obvious.
There may be nothing new here, but like one character's favorite recipe, sometimes bland can still be tasty.
Bland common romance. Nothing new here.
a stale, old, and bankrupt premise
For many Americans, the only believable part of New in Town may be its ominous premise: There's a rich jerk in town, and she's come to take away your job.
There's nothing novel about this overly familiar farce.
There's nothing fresh here; it's a Bridget-Jones-meets-Baby Boom/fish-out-of-water/opposites-attract kind of thing.
Zellweger, despite her propensity to scrunch her face, has an easy chemistry with Connick that is unthreatening and enjoyable, and she's good at the physical comedy the role requires.
The kind of movie someone would make if they put off their weekend movie-making homework until Sunday night.
You've seen New in Town before, and you've seen it done better.
Perfectly adequate if you enjoy movies without a single surprise or ounce of creative inspiration.
We've learned not to expect much from movies released in January. New in Town only proves the point.
The laughs and emotional moments are so weak that director Jonas Elmer has no choice but to tweak them with music cues and bland guitar-rock.
Even pandering fairy tales about the innate decency of common people should have at least a fuzzy basis in reality.
Zellweger doesn't look thrilled with what she's doing. Meanwhile, Connick really tries to sell us on their burgeoning romance, with mostly unsuccessful results.
The culprits are the stereotypical screenplay and the hacksaw editing. It's pretty clear that a whole lot of material is currently gathering dust on the cutting-room floor.
It's all predictable yet comfy. If you're looking for lighthearted entertainment, you'll find it here.
You can see where this is going all the way from Duluth.
Movie titles don't get any more generic and the same holds for the plot of New in Town.
Zellweger tries to play the fish out of water, but New in Town's script leaves everyone gasping for air.
By-the-numbers romantic comedy short on chemistry and laughs.
Frozen nipples, a borderline dragon lady in distress, and class struggle at the dinner table. And the first movie this year to go toe to toe with the looming financial crisis, and those who suffer its effects most. Norma Rae In Stilettos.
Forgettable films make it to the big screen all the time; what is more rare is a forgettable film about a character written and portrayed so stridently as to be both an irritant and a bore.
Strained, lighter-than-air romantic comedy about a corporate executive who falls for the smalltown, snowbound locals she's sent to layoff. Like its heroine, it never warms up.
Am I giving too much away? This is the kind of movie that gives itself away.
The only novel aspect of New in Town was the weather %u2013 and jokes about freezing your butt off can only carry a film so far.
New in Town is nothing short of a character assassination attempt on Minnesota, and even worse, it's a ghastly romantic comedy that requires heavy sedation to endure.
...disarming in spite of itself.
Serious competition for Bride Wars and Paul Blart: Mall Cop in the already heated race for worst movie of 2009.
It's a given dis one is more fer da ladies than da fellas, and some of da dialogue is pretnear hard da swallow.
If Frank Capra were to make a movie today, it would probably look a lot like New in Town.Of course, Frank Capra is dead. Then again, so is this movie.
The movie has little to recommend it and more than a few things to encourage those who pursue quality cinema to stay away.
Zellweger and Connick make a believable couple and one with real oil-and-water-don't-mix sparks. This is what romantic chemistry looks like.
The comedy is harmless as a farm-fresh egg, sunny side up and runny in the middle. Pleasant enough going down, but an hour after breakfast you can't remember what it tasted like.
Rarely has Hollywood populism been so transparent.
New in Town is a perfectly dreadful movie. You end up really reaching if you try to pinpoint the film's redeeming qualities.
Good people of Minnesota: Stand up! Fight back! Take back your state and your culture and your accent!
You don't know it, but you've already seen New in Town, mainly because there's not a single thing in it that hasn't been stolen from Northern Exposure, Other People's Money and countless other movies and TV shows.
Doggedly working through a cornucopia of clichés and hackneyed plot devices, it suffers from the delusion that it is crisp and original
The movie wrong-foots Zellweger from the start.
Frozen Capracorn [that] will leave you cold...Minnesotans might legitimately want to sue for defamation.
It takes a whole lot of chutzpah, and a real lack of imagination, to make a movie like New In Town in 2009.
This snowy Minnesota rom-com is as funny as frostbite.
The title says it all about this retro formulaic romantic comedy, and unfortunately Zellweger and Connick are not Hepburn and Tracy or Diane Keaton and Sam Shepard (Baby Boom) for that matter.
Like the odious stepchild of Fargo, New in Town gleefully offers up citizens of rural, snowbound New Ulm, Minnesota as a collection of funny-speaking, Jesus-loving, tapioca-making misfits deserving of nothing less than outright mockery.
Because every development in New in Town is so predictable, so reminiscent of other, better romantic comedies, it actually seems longer than it is.
What follows has the comforting predictability that many rom-coms share.


























@highlight

Cliched and short on charm, New In Town is a pat genre exercise that fails to bring the necessary heat to its Minnesota setting.