The film has a message at its core but the execution is way too simplistic with the actors acting as if they weren't paid.
These types of films are going to be less fun without Walker pushing them along.
Fit to be condemned.
"Frankly, there are a lot of actors who have a lot of worse 'last films' on their credits."
Routine all the way, although Belle's moves are thrilling to watch.
Steer well clear.
Favouring vitality over originality, this needless remake of District 13 comes with fleet-footed sequences but plenty of stumbles, and strains far too hard to be 'cool'.
It's solidly unsurprising (and often quite boring) generic fare, spiced up with steroidal pectorals and fetishy catfights.
Watching Belle perform his gravity-defying leaps and bounds is still exhilarating, but first-time director Camille Delamarre's overuse of slo-mo effects and flashy editing diminishes their impact.
It's so forgettable though that if you do see it you may want to make note of the title so that you don't accidentally rent it when it comes out on DVD.
Too much muscle-headed action, too little parkour (Belle is getting on a bit) - this property is condemned.
There are gunfights and car chases galore, but none of them are especially exciting since the film's characters are so lazily sketched.
The film is poorly directed, edited, scripted, acted and everything else, and does scant justice both to Walker's presence and Belle's prodigious free running skills.
This film lives down to my expectations, with a ludicrous plot involving civic pride and a neutron bomb, and a final twist so risible that it almost turns the whole thing into a comedy.
An abject lack of creativity to the writing and cohesion to the direction scupper any chance of the movie transcending its mundane status.
Belle's balletic badassery and RZA's amusingly eccentric criminal cooking connoisseur only go so far to enliven an underwhelming whole.
The Raid 2 got most of its kicks in situ; this deploys a lot of edit-suite trickery to generate only moderate dynamism.
This absurd and pointlessly convoluted remake of a decade-old French action flick feels dated and out of step in more ways than one.
Unfortunately, Belle's amazing athletic agility cannot alone sustain this undercooked remake of the only slightly more interesting 2004 French film District B13.
If you can look beyond the preposterous nature of this cartoonish retread, there's fun to be had thanks to a series of inventive action setpieces ...
Speak as you find, it's a superfun romp, solidly made.
Ultimately, this is a particularly pointless and badly made remake that fails to improve on either District 13 or its 2009 sequel.
This is ultimately a movie about class warfare and social oppression that isn't remotely science-fictional. It's real, and as dumb as this remake is, it sends you home thinking.
Follows the bog-standard formula perfected by Besson: combining functional storylining with competent action highlights and an occasional air of whimsy.
And here it is: 'The Raid: Jr.' Paul Walker's untimely death doubtless will draw an audience that wants to remember him and see him for one of the last times onscreen.
It's fun to see Walker do a double take at a perilous move of Belle's and then find a less risky alternative. The pair seem like they're having a good time in this buddy action movie. It seems a fitting curtain call for a likable actor gone too soon.
almost worth the price of admission just to see Belle soar through the air on the big screen, but a better use of your time would be finding yourself a copy of DISTRICT B-13. Big screen, small screen, this guy is dazzling
...[contains] exactly the sort of underwhelming, formless style that one now associates with the action genre...
Walker's character, a revenge-seeking cop, is paper-thin, the plot is riddled with holes and the clunky dialogue feels like it's been passed through Google Translate.
A disposable unsavory action film.
Think of it as Cirque du Detroit, a showcase for stuntmen.
...Walker is understated and tough, a continued testament to his frequently overlooked accomplishments as a performer. You just wish the movie surrounding him was better.
Someday, I hope, American moviegoers will stop fearing subtitles -- or, at least, fear subtitles less than they hate lame, American-ized re-makes that try to super-size the action but mostly just result in dim, diminished re-treads.
You don't see this movie for internal logic and acting. You see this movie for the thrilling stunt ride, and it's a blast in that respect.
Outside of a few entertaining action moments, Brick Mansions is a clumsy mess that rarely lands a memorable punch.
Even though most of the fight scenes were thoroughly enjoyable, the overall result of "Brick Mansions" is a stupid action movie that keeps upping the ante without bothering to check if any of the audience is still on board. We're not.
Despite Walker and Belle giving solid performances and impressing in some fight scenes, "Brick Mansions" is a ridiculously stupid and forgettable action flick that probably shouldn't even be viewed on Netflix.
Almost no one in this film is allowed to play to their strengths.
It should be wilder, funnier, nuttier.
Despite some dumb dialogue and a reused conceits, Brick Mansions is good, silly fun.
Walker is charismatic, as always, and this movie just reminds us why we'll miss him.
Unfortunately, as things often do, the whole thing sounded better in French.
Take a terrific little French sleeper and turn it into a witless American B-movie. Too bad for Paul Walker fans.
Excessively repetitive in its action sequences (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Contains little of the original movie's humor and none of the musclebound, bald French dudes District 13 promised us would be so plentiful in the dystopian future.
Brick Mansions starts to crumble before the movie really begins. Somehow, the writers of the original film managed to screw up everything they got right the first time around.
Brick Mansions is a non-starter: It chokes on its déjà vu, the hyperactive Mixmaster editing is exhausting and the characters' banter is so leaden it might violate federal emission standards.
For both District B13 and Brick Mansions, Parkour is melded into a generic plot about a burned-out ghetto that the rich elite and corrupt politicians want to redevelop.
Unfortunately, Brick Mansions needs to have a wrecking ball taken to it.
For every sequence involving Lino's parkour skills ... there are at least two setpieces that are rather nondescript.
Director Camille Delamarre does a sloppy job of piecing everything together, and nobody on screen seems invested in what is going on. The feeling from the audience is mutual.
The action may be serious, but "Brick Mansions" doesn't take itself too seriously. It's a ridiculous movie that has the decency to acknowledge that it's ridiculous.
Wait, haven't we seen this before?
See it for Belle. See it for the parkour. And for the wonderfully magical spectacle of a man, flying.
Brick Mansions needs to be torn down and rebuilt.
Always fun, always on the move.
This action film takes itself too seriously and undermines its B-movie roots.
Only the very charitable would characterize this strain of providence as anything other than dumb, or at least incredibly forgetful.
High on stuntwork and low on logic ...
A D-grade action flick with nothing to recommend it beyond a cacophony of mind-numbingly generic action sequences ...
Dystopia's supposed to be worse than what's in the papers, fellas. Try to keep up.
A bit messy, but first-time director Camille Delamarre delivers stellar action sequences and a wild ride.
There's vaulting and flipping galore as well as the customary ration of fistfights, shoot-outs, car chases and general mayhem that should satisfy hardcore action fans.
It's an incomprehensible mess of a film with the sole saving grace that it never takes itself even remotely seriously.
On the face of it, Brick Mansions seems a pretty standard mix of guns, cars, drugs, hot guys and pretty girls -- oh, but did I mention there's a nuclear bomb?
It is a hoot to watch, even if, to be honest, there's little reason for it to exist.
Director Camille Delamarre (Taken 2) relies heavily on camera trickery, speeding up and slowing down as needed to highlight jumps and stunts but in between the action scenes, tedium takes over.
The action sequences of "Mansions" are edited within an inch of their lives, adding more incoherence than thrills.
Mr. Delamarre is not an action virtuoso, but his visual style, heavily indebted to the Grand Theft Auto video games, is appropriately rough and kinetic.
There's not enough of Belle's artistry here, given that part of the remake mandate presumably was to deliver something even bigger and better.
Not a great time, but a good one.
A silly pile-up of exaggerated action clichés-and much of the time, it's pretty fun.
A bad movie, basically an aerobics class in search of an action-thriller plot ...
"Brick Mansions" packs gunfights, car chases, acrobatic stunts and humor into one stylized package.
If Walker was still with us, we'd write Brick Mansions as lame action filler; With tragedy lingering, the movie just seems unfair.
The narrative comes across as even sillier than it did in 2004, and the action less exhilarating, [while] the aggravating visual style makes it a trial to watch.
You know those ridiculous action movies where a bad guy with, say, four large guns gets beaten up by a quick-witted good guy with absolutely zero guns? They've got nothing on Brick Mansions.
Nothing more than a nearly scene-by-scene remake of "District B13," itself a glorified Nike commercial with French subtitles.
Whenever it features feet flying through the air, Brick Mansions is a pleasure. Asked to do anything else, it's one stumble after another.
The film is put together too choppily to appreciate the bounce-off-walls athleticism of parkour.
Things start off silly and end up laughable and ridiculous.
Brick Mansions undermines its best asset -- the athletically impressive parkour sequences -- with overedited footage that would make a Jason Bourne movie look lethargic.
If you can't see [David] Belle do what he does in one take, then it just looks like mere movie magic.
Brick Mansions takes a swing at gentrification and dislocates a shoulder in the process.
Dismal, appallingly shot and edited, and cast with the least interesting actors around, it's clear that this carnival ride of flips, jumps, and gentrification should've remained a distant European memory.
Delamarre knows his way around an action scene and keeps the proceedings moving briskly enough, even if the picture clocks in at about 10 minutes longer than its taut, 81-minute predecessor.
This English-language remake of the fitfully gripping District B13 feels perfunctory in its tale of unlikely partners trying to take down a criminal mastermind.
An adrenaline-soaked thrill ride with a delicious sting in the tail, Brick Mansions is superior action entertainment and a fittingly spectacular send-off for Paul Walker.
No one is going to confuse Brick Mansions with art, nor even an action film that lives up to the standards of its contemporaries or the original on which it's based. It is, however, kind of fun, and in this case, maybe that's enough.
Walker acquits himself nicely, but the dumb movie he was stuck in seems too typical of his weak "Fast/Furious" career.
The final result is passable enough to justify a rental for action lovers, but for everyone else Brick Mansions deserves a pass.

@highlight

Choppily edited and largely bereft of plot, Brick Mansions wastes a likable cast on a pointless remake of the far more entertaining District B13 .