This was something that you could have done something cool with. In there, somewhere, there's a good Smurf movie. But for some reason, the director, the writers..they're just not doing it.
Smurfs 2 just isn't an enjoyable time.
Smurfs 2 isn't quite so good at appealing to adults, but it's harmless fun for the littlies.
The pacing is fine but the dialogue is trite. Older children and adults will also find the main plot and Smurf gibberish tedious, redeemed only by Azaria's performance and a sideplot involving Gargamel.
The Smurfs 2 panders to children, offering nothing more than a series of fart jokes and pratfalls, for the obvious purpose of cashing in on an already established fan base.
Yay! The Smurfs are back - bigger, bolder and bluer than ever. It's fun fun fun, a more-than-worthy, hyper-energetic sequel to the fabulous first film...It's all wonderful fantasy nonsense, delivered fast and with plenty of self-consciously cheap laughs.
IT'S a rarity, but it's nice when a sequel learns from the mistakes of its predecessor.
While the 2011 Smurfs movie set in New York was filled with blue-tinged charm and cute-dom, the follow-up in Paris lacks the sweet innocence from the last time around, resulting in a yarn that is overblown and a bit of a yawn
The early-elementary-school-age kids in the auditorium will certainly shut up for ninety minutes, but just about anyone outside of that demographic will find attention wandering.
This follow-up is driven solely by financial motives, and available in 3D, of course.
Smurftastically stupid. Here's a sequel to a movie we didn't care about the first time around. It's enough to make you blue.
I took my inner-5-year-old to see The Smurfs 2 and what happened? The little weasel sneaked out of the theater and went to watch something else.
In this obnoxiously peppy 3D sequel, "smurf" is an all-purpose prefix that the anaemic script uses when words fail. Which is often.
'Smurfs 2' joins many other live action/animation mixes as an average outing for the smaller fry.
Everything that was right with the first one is wrong with the second one.
At this week's preview screening, a young girl who apparently was experiencing her first 3D movie complained: 'It's in my face!' Child, I feel your pain.
Yes, this is the point in the summer when I outsource my critical judgment to my kids.
Audiences who want something more than lazy puns and the word "Smurf " used every few seconds as though some weird contractual obligation existed should look elsewhere for entertainment.
it's not excruciating like the previous film
A slight improvement on its predecessor but also the cinematic equivalent of a cynical studio executive's checklist of items that need to be included in a Smurf movie.
Once the early 3D novelty value is all but forgotten, it's clear these Smurfs don't have the staying power of Alvin And The Chipmunks.
It's not a masterpiece, but it isn't supposed to be. It is, however, a perfectly pleasant film for young children.
The sonorous voice of the late Winters in the role of wise Papa Smurf will have old-timers pine for the zaniness that comic genius could inspire in his prime. If only The Smurfs 2 had a smidgen of that madness.
Why the Smurf do we need The Smurfs 2?
The Smurfs 2 reaches an apex, of sorts, when Brendan Gleeson plummets from the sky into a dumpster, entirely naked and covered in Smurfs.
Smurfs 2 doesn't have to reach very high to meet our low expectations, but even then the strained, witless movie about thumb-sized, magical blue creatures proves to have a short grasp.
Sometimes, you've got to smurf with the changes, even if that means tolerating brutal puns, arbitrary 3-D and an unforgivable lack of double entendres.
A painless holidaykiller, if not terribly worthwhile.
Aside from a toned-down finale that thankfully doesn't attempt to re-create the exhausting multiple climaxes of the original's Central Park finale, The Smurfs 2 is as bald a retread as the unimaginative title might suggest.
Young children should enjoy the special effects and slapstick but parents will mostly grimace and bear it.
It's the same sappy drivel as before ...
Enjoyable sequel to the 2011 hit, enlivened by decent animation, strong comic performances, a terrific voice cast and a witty, nicely pitched script that ensures there is entertainment for both adults and children.
"The Smurfs 2" probably isn't any worse than you might expect. On the other hand, it's almost certainly not any better.
Reluctant parents: you don't need to tell your kids that you won't love them if they like "The Smurfs 2." Instead, you can silently judge them until either you and/or they simply can't bear the thought of talking to each other.
Not so much of a film as it is a collection of images and sounds that bludgeon you.
At least they didn't rap this time.
I'll go out on the limb the makers of "Smurfs" were too afraid to risk and say, as a general rule, kids aren't idiots.
It would be too much to say that there's a good movie somewhere inside Smurfs 2 looking to get out. But it wouldn't be too much to say that sometimes, the movie we do have tries harder than we might expect.
The trouble with this stunted sequel is that the doughy, blobby-hatted Smurfs are mostly window dressing for an abrasive slapstick bash built around a tiresome kidnap plot ...
Though not the best film out there, The Smurfs 2 has more than enough Smurf-essence to entertain viewers of all ages.
Smurfs 2 heroically carries on the franchise's traditions of being trite, noisy, and lazily assembled.
'Smurfs 2′ isn't worth yelling about until you're blue in the face, because it merely fails to do more than satisfy the young children who occupy its target market -- who will probably respond with resounding enjoyment.
The only real positive I can take away from this movie is that a lot of people I like got paid because of it.
I recall, in the vernacular of the franchise, the first movie being a more painful boot to the Smurfberries than this sequel.
Mischief and slapstick fail to charm in un-smurfy sequel.
Sure, "The Smurfs 2" is a movie meant for kids, not adults. That's no excuse for it being terrible.
I felt Smurfing robbed by those five screenwriters. (Full Parental Review also available)
Mired by an oddly joyless atmosphere of evildoing, while the promise of a fresh location is abandoned to pursue some of the lamest attempts at humor viewed in a family film this year.
No fun whatsoever.
Smurf-ophiles will love it but the unconverted still won't be feeling the blues.
I am haunted by the crazed desperation in Jayma Mays' eyes. She may have been blinking out a Morse-code SOS, but I can't be sure...
Much like the first movie, The Smurfs 2 is exclusively filled with humor targeted at the very youngest members of the audience, leaving grown-ups no option other than to cover their faces with their palms and shake their heads.
Only adults with 'Smurf-holm syndrome' could love this film.
There's a dark and gratuitously negative vibe to "The Smurfs 2" that makes it unfit even for the undiscriminating young moviegoers that made the first one a hit.
I found "The Smurfs 2" to be more enjoyable and far less obnoxious than [the original]. This, of course, is like saying having a cavity filled is preferable to a root canal, but in the dog days of the summer blockbuster season, beggars can't be smurfers.
What is it with the Smurfs? Why do people like them? Why have people always liked them?
Voicing Papa Smurf here turned out, alas, to be comedian Jonathan Winters' final role. (A crueler fate than Orson Welles signing off with 1986's animated "The Transformers: The Movie"? You be the judge.)
It's sursmurfingly not-bad.
This insipid, and sometimes awkward, blend of animation, computer generation and live action wastes a ton of talent and lacks a true sense of whimsy.
Smurfs 2 seems aimed at the six or seven-year-old in your life.
It's not exactly "Ratatouille," but this quasi-animated movie makes an amusing late-summer vacation from superheroes and shoot-'em-ups.
Right down to the brute functionality of its title, "The Smurfs 2" may be the platonic ideal of a major studio sequel - no markedly better or worse than the first and with just enough difference to lay claim to being something new.
A new, not very engaging movie featuring a lot of blue skin and household-name voices.
They're as lethally uninteresting as Barney the Purple Dinosaur, though a Godzilla-style "Barney vs. Smurfs" is a movie I would pay to see, provided maximum destruction were promised.
The Smurfs 2 has everything you hated about the first movie, and more.
Smurfs 2 is at least slightly superior to the absolutely dire first film, but it remains a series for kids whose parents can't just pop in a DVD of something better.
That the mushroom- dwelling blue creatures still manage to be endearing even in their second big-screen extravaganza (in 3-D, no less) is about the best that can be said of "Smurfs 2."
Even movies aimed at very small children don't have to be painful for adults to sit through, and the good ones even have a few pleasures for them, as well.
It's difficult to leave The Smurfs 2 feeling too disappointed given it's exactly as one would expect.
The problem with Smurfs 2 isn't the message, it's the way the film repeats it so baldly and emphatically that even the youngest kids can get it.
The sequel finds the same humans and a couple of the same Smurfs, only the location has been changed to Paris, France, and for some reason noted Irish actor Brendan Gleeson is along for the ride. We suspect that a house payment was due...
Whereas the inaugural movie appeared to try to be a family film of quality, this one has a derivative, made-by-committee feel.
Not Smurftastic, but not Smurfawful, either.
Will kids like "The Smurfs 2" at least as much as the first one? Answer: Is a Smurf's butt blue?
When the Smurfs take control of the movie, Smurfs 2 succeeds. When they don't, it dies.
Its tolerant messages remain buried beneath lame pop-culture references, hectic slapstick, fart jokes, and endless Smurf-puns that-Azaria's funny, over-the-top cartoon villainy aside-make one pine for the Smurfpocalypse.
There's a modicum of fun to be found in the blue-hued special effects, knockabout humour and decent voice cast.
Patient Adult Smurfs will be checking their watches as Excitable Child Smurfs lose themselves in the high jinks.
Anyone who has seen NPH host the Tonys or the Emmys may wonder if there is nothing the actor can't do. Well, he can't make his thankless role as straight man to tiny blue cartoons work.
For movies that don't aspire to the pedigree of age-spanning animated tales, it's harmless and above-average.
Inoffensive but insufferably bland...while it will do as a cinematic babysitter, it's not much more than that.
What did you smurfin' expect?
OK for very small children, who won't realize what a pile of Smurf it is.
Better than it needs to be but still not very good.
If you pay good money to see this film, knowing full well that it's called The Smurfs 2, then you probably deserve every second of this boring, insipid and pandering kiddie flick.
Raja Gosnell's particular zeal to modernize the Smurfs only develops this would-be family comedy into a shamelessly manipulative smurftastrophe.
It will do what it sets out to do -- to entertain younger kids without driving their parents nuts -- but the bar isn't set very high here.
The name is seen as enough to fill the multiplexes, and there's something deeply cynical about that. You feel the Smurfs themselves would not approve.
A sequel that changes scarcely a drop of Smurf-essence in its winning formula.
Beyond a few chuckle-worthy one-liners and some amusing visual comedy, there's not much to engage adults, although the wee ones should be distracted enough.
Hybrid specialist Raja Gosnell returns as director and ably delivers slapstick comedy for the kids and nicely shot views of Paris landmarks for the adults.
The Smurfs 2 will keep a child reasonably entertained for 105 minutes--but so will a large, empty cardboard box. The box is more likely to stimulate a child's imagination and less likely to contain jokes about testicles.

@highlight

Like its predecessor, Smurfs 2 may amuse small children, but it's largely an unambitious, charm-free collection of slapstick gags and one-liners.