A comedy without any laughs...
I'm So Excited! isn't very good. In fact, it's close to terrible.
A ribald, ridiculous party in the sky, I'm So Excited is basically Almodóvar's Soul Plane-and I mean that as a compliment.
A very regressive transition for this Oscar-winning filmmaker.
Here's a good rule of thumb: never trust anything bearing an exclamation mark.
I'm So Excited is so strongly problematic and yet resolutely without much to facilitate worthwhile discussion.
I'm So Excited is far from perfect, but as far asmost summer comedies go, the film is more open and accepting of various sexualities and is mostly light-hearted fun-excluding a couple profoundly distasteful scenes.
Seeing I'm So Excited, a return to comic form for the director, is like downing the cocktail the passengers and crew drink in the movie without having to come down from that high later.
The entertainment factor it delivers is as high and pixilated as it's whacked-out, crazy characters.
For a light and naughty festival opener, I'm So Excited! got the job done. The audience saw something kind of sophisticated but didn't experience any real turbulence. Or excitement.
"I'm so Excited" shows Pedro Almodovar at his frothiest: shaking sex and death into a humorous cocktail aboard a plane in peril.
Think Flying High with a gay cabin crew and no laughs...The story has most of the plane's passengers rendered unconscious, presumably by showing I'm So Excited as the in-flight movie.
For a cinematic icon to get it so wrong, one has to assume it is deliberate; something to play with
Despite an over-weighted gay theme, there's a lot to like in this colourful Almodóvar blast of joie de vivre, as secrets are revealed, desires unleashed and the complexities of relationships are exposed
The setting acts as a bland backdrop without substance or thought. Worst of all, the dialogue feels horribly contrived, even lazy. A misguided misfire.
Disengaged silly spoof of those '70s disaster movies.
It's a sometimes pleasing, and often unsettling movie, proof that Almodovar still has a playful side, but let's hope he goes back to work soon.
Despite the film's playfulness, it's still quite clear that we're in the hands of a master who takes the work seriously, if not the material or his characters.
This isn't just camp, it's existential camp -- or, more precisely, an acknowledgment that the camp impulse is one way of dealing with the absurdity of life. 'We're flying around aimlessly,' a man says, 'and we don't know where or how we're going to land.'
Daring though it is, it follows the same trajectory as the wounded plane aboard which the film is set. That is, it circles and circles but never really goes anywhere.
The film is a broad, absurd parody that plays like a gay-cabaret send-up of "The High and the Mighty."
Pedro Almodóvar crammed actors he's worked with over the years into a movie so wacky it defies analysis.
It's farcical, but not funny; sexualized but not sexy.
...an interesting diversion for Almodovar completists, yet hardly explains why he's so revered. It's a throwaway, a bawdy, tasteless lark from someone who should've gotten this stuff out of his system by now. Judging by these results, he did.
Even though I'm So Excited! doesn't soar, the film is a fun flight.
It's like a very horny, very gay parody of airplane-disaster movies ... without the laughs. I'm So Excited! neither lives up to its name nor its exclamation point.
[This is] Almodóvar for people who assume they can't get Almodóvar otherwise. It's Almodóvar for Target.
A mescaline-alcohol-and-panic-fueled orgy of confessional dialogue, sex acts, arguments, confessional monologues, and more sex acts.
For those who enjoy bawdiness with their comedy, I'm So Excited! will be catnip. For those expecting subtitled sophistication, look elsewhere.
Too broad for the tarmac.
Almodóvar joins the mile-high club, setting his films' trademark sexcapades, overwrought telenovella plot twists and bubblegum-colored imagery aboard a doomed airliner.
It's amusing fluff, but from an Oscar-winning dramatist, this return to comedy is a bit of a letdown.
It has a whiff of the sort of desperation that can make an exclamation point in a title seem like a good idea.
More Almodovar if he was directing an R-rated sketch for the "Carol Burnett Show." If only Harvey Korman were still alive -- and spoke Spanish!
The jokes are hit-and-miss in what feels like a side project for Almodovar between his more ambitious ventures.
I appreciate what Almodovar was trying to do, but this comedy is just too broad for its own good.
Though it's a jolly good time, and there are amusing moments of mayhem, I'm So Excited! is not nearly as crazy as its hopeful title suggests.
If you were hoping Almodovar would return to comedy, you might want to be careful what you wish for.
Makes every effort to be wickedly wacky and light-footedly seductive and fails at virtually every turn.
Although admirably bizarre and forward when it comes to the dance of the pants, I'm So Excited doesn't work itself into a proper lather, showing only intermittent flashes of inspiration.
To throw caution to the winds is one thing, but to jettison control of tone at the same time seems a liberty too far.
Almodovar muse Cecilia Roth is Spain's own Cruella De Vil. Almodovar regular Lola Duenas is a sexy scream as a virgin psychic.
I'm So Excited is a throwback to the director's earlier, goofier films, but it doesn't work nearly as well as it should.
The party in the sky comes to represent Almodovar's faith in the power of imagination, which allows us to transcend even the most horrifying tragedies.
A sex comedy set on a mechanically challenged airliner, this movie featuring an ensemble of Spanish heavyweights pushes the envelope of good taste on the premise alone because it's hard to make a doomed plane funny, especially without Leslie Nielsen.
It's broad, occasionally uproarious, a little wheezy, and every so often inspired.
A relentlessly entertaining lark that, like its setting, soars into the clouds, then discovers it doesn't really have a way to get down.
completes the gradual movement in Almodovar's work toward completely mannered farcical soap opera
So light and inconsequential it may as well not exist. It makes you want to yank that annoying exclamation point out of the title, because it doesn't deserve it.
"...gleeful self-distraction in the face of impending doom."
Considering Almodovar has produced some of the most inventive and best works in cinema, I'm So Excited falls well short of expectation and ultimately falls flat on its face with a mixture of jokes and political subtext which are not at all funny.
The joy of sex, the terror of death, and the eccentricity of human relationships has never been celebrated more cerebrally, or more profanely, with such viscerally sensual delight.
Almodovar is grabbing you by the lapels and talking into your face and making you see the life that's around you. "I'm So Excited" is frivolous, but it's the frivolity of a passionate and thinking person.
None of these people feel real, which makes it tough to care about them, and the movie isn't funny enough to make up for it.
It's fun for nearly half the flight.
Part twisted and hilarious, part dangerously fluffy.
This return to the past feels more lazy than liberating.
An airborne trifle that passes for Pedro Almodóvar's new film.
The set is obviously and intentionally fake, but instead of creating a sense of make-believe, it actually burdens the film and gives it a clinical air that's rather suffocating.
A perverted comedy of manners, with the characters spilling drinks, secrets, and sperm...but coming more from a place of 'I'm going to make my dolls kiss. Won't that be naughty?' than one of productive social satire.
[Pedro Almodovar] adds a series of vignettes focused on a broken air phone and calls to friends, family and lovers that take you from the campy, sexy and boozy goings on aboard flight 2549.
"Vintage Almodovar" doesn't carry the campy weight it used to.
The sex jokes and performances are as broad as a barn, but it's a stylishly painted one ...
Outrageous Almodovar comedy has lots of innuendo, drinking.
I'm So Excited has more than enough characters and storylines to fill its confined space. What the movie lacks, however, are belly laughs, hearty guffaws or even mild chuckles.
This farce set mostly aboard a transatlantic flight stuck in midair never launches.
'I'm So Excited' is bursting with color, sass and sexiness ... it maintains a light feel throughout.
Almodóvar has opted for a return to the outrageous sexual humor that put him on the map.
A campy, sex-obsessed spoof of airborne-disaster movies that never really gets off the ground.
I can't remember when, if ever, Pedro Almodóvar has had as much flamboyant fun as he does in the high-flying comedy "I'm So Excited!"
[An] airless, uninvolving movie.
For all its jazzy formalism and bedroom-eyes bravado ... the movie feels uninvolving, a tribute to Hollywood screwball that's ultimately more wearyingly prankish than transgressive.
Some of it qualifies as first-class hilarity, and all of the acting is superb.
A frolicsome comedy with colorful characters including three airline stewards who do a hilarious version of the Pointer Sisters' classic song.
The tone of the movie is not so much vivacious as lurching and frantic, as if a senior had overdosed on Viagra.
After a run of brilliant films that have deftly plumbed the dark side of the human soul, this new comedy makes it clear that Almodóvar remains one of the wildest, raunchiest and most hilarious directors of our generation.
A tossing off of the frock, and a sprint through fields of naked bodies, Valencia cocktails, and public sexual activity.
Secret agendas become known, new relationships form, but by the time the plane lands in a puddle of soap suds, the film's already becoming a distant memory.
I'm So Excited! would seem to be an easy one for this filmmaker and something of a return to form. But the cocktail of cabaret and disaster-flick theatrics has less pop to it than one would imagine; too much sugar and not enough bite.
Everyone deserves a mindless break now and then, but Pedro Almodóvar's new comedy "I'm So Excited!" is so lacking in substance, one can't help wishing he'd taken his vacation off-screen instead.
After establishing a jaunty tone with its candy-colored, Saul Bass-style opening credits, the film racks up a high strain-to-laugh ratio; there's a sense Almodóvar can't quite keep track of all his gags.
The actors are charming, but the movie is like a helium balloon with a leak in it.
"I'm So Excited!" deliberately recalls the exuberant and outrageous cinema that first put Almodóvar, and the hedonistic cultural scene of post-Franco Spain, on the global map in the early '80s.
The mix of the absurd and the acerbic is often sublime; for Almodóvar, even a country's deeply ingrained dilemmas are occasion for some leavening burlesque.
I'm So Excited! is characterized by a distinct brand of unsuccessful yet ambitious storytelling, the kind often found in minor works by major masters.
Fabulous choreography and a thick strain of delicious sleaze.
Pedro Almodóvar's diverting pop-art bauble firmly placing the "relief" in comic relief and the "cock" in cockpit.
Almodovar's campy in-flight comedy takes off and certainly gets off, but is otherwise a rocky ride.
Camp, kitsch and deliciously entertaining.
A hugely entertaining, feelgood celebration of human sexuality that unfolds as a cathartic experience for characters, auds and helmer alike.
Forced humor in this one-joke affair.
The naughty gags fall flat and actors flail away in an unsuccessful search for laughs.
While there's drugs and sex and drinking and dancing, for sure, if one looks at I'm So Excited as a metaphor for the ills of society today and how we react to it, it becomes a much more poignant and biting satire of the state of our world...
The image of a plane in a holding pattern feels all too apt for the film's conceits and characters, which never quite land.
Pedro Almodovar's slight but delightful return to early, campy form. It may well turn out to be the most deliriously funny movie for adults, and definitely the gayest, to come out this summer.
Scene after scene features a self-satisfied kookiness akin to spending time with a terrible comic unwilling to give up the mic.
The elements of silly and sombre occasionally cancel out one another, leaving the film suspended in the same limbo as its characters.
A minor - but exuberantly funny - piece from the Spanish master.
Cruising at a stratospheric altitude of high camp, Pedro Almodóvar's I'm So Excited is a colourful aerial romp that recasts his native Spain's current economic woes as frantic farce... Sadly, it just isn't very funny.
It's broad, bawdy stuff, and more than a little retro too, to the point where the luggage isn't the only thing that feels Carry On ...
Almodóvar has made his country a little cocktail which toasts their woes, yet manages to make things seem a little brighter too.
I'm So Excited! is a slight, likable movie, beautifully designed and charmingly performed.
For all the high intentions, I'm So Excited comes across as minor Almodóvar. There are, of course, far worse things than that.
To help prevent a riot, the economy passengers are sent to the land of nod. So much for the idea of finding your inner self at moments of great danger!
Fans of more recent Almodovar films like The Skin I Live In or Volver should be warned about this one, because it harks back to his much cheesier 1980s films with its broad comedy, lurid production values and camp characters.
This feels like a film Almodóvar had to get out of his system - a kind of cinematic kidney stone - and your gut will twinge in sympathy.
Full of fizz, filth and fun, I'm So Excited! is like an '80s retro-blast. Its scattershot comedy may not impress latecomers to Almodóvar's career, but old-school fans will love it.
In a more or less wholly libertarian society of the kind we now have in the West, the very idea of camping it up like this seems unnecessary, therefore tiresome.
The things that qualify as 'awesome' in the world of Pedro Almodóvar boggle my mind.
Almodovar gleefully returns to the broad, colourful burlesque of his early work. Although, without the transgressive attitude and closeted context, this sexy satire is all froth and no balls.
There's no reason this couldnt be witty or amusing but Almodovars smutty, high-camp approach plays like Airplane with artistic pretensions and none of the laughs.
It makes for an urgent, clamorous, topically themed screen comedy, if not actually a good one.
Almodóvar's new film feels like a conscious attempt to recapture the spirit of his earlier comedic films.
Energetic, outrageously camp and frequently funny, Pedro Almodovar's latest film is a welcome throwback to the raucous comedies the director made in the 1980s.
An odd, gaudy comedy that's great fun, but certainly one to file under 'short haul'.
Almodóvar's intention is just to use it all to get a genial and good-natured comedy of sex airborne; this he does, and he makes it look easy.
If you think this sounds like early Almodóvar, you'd be right, and I'm So Excited recalls the director at his most fun, his most rebellious and his most absurd.
With its sprawling satire and knockabout tone, 'I'm So Excited' is the closest Almodóvar has come in years to early romps like 'Labyrinth', 'Pepi, Luci, Bom' and 'What Have I Done to Deserve This?'
I'm So Excited works best when it is basking in its screwball, ultra-camp essence. It's unlikely to ruffle any feathers, but boy is it great to see the Director having some fun.
It ultimately amounts to little more than a 90-minute-long gay joke that loses its charm after just a few.
It's as camp as Christmas and light as a feather, but there's fun to be had in this absurdist comedy in the clouds.
An unshakeable tolerance for high camp and lowbrow humour may be required to fully appreciate Almodóvar's broad, bawdy comedy - even for fans of his early, funny films.
A camp, frothy piece of fun, arguably indulgent and occasionally misjudged in its casual depictions of sex, but ultimately won out by Almodóvar's incessant love of tall stories.

@highlight

Campy and proudly absurd, I'm So Excited! Pedro Almodóvar's return to light comedy isn't quite the successful homecoming that filmgoers might wish for.