Heaven help a writer who turns a philanderer into a blank.
Admittedly, it doesn't have many belly laughs, but if you're tuned into Waters' peculiar, highly intelligent comedy style it's a fascinating watch.
the monologues near the truly odd ending make you wonder whether Waters had an extreme fever when he was finishing up the script
As a writer, Waters is best-known for creating Ryder's sharp black comedy, Heathers, and Bruce Willis' self-indulgent bomb, Hudson Hawk. As a director, he tends to waste actors, and he fails to establish a consistent comic tone.
Sex and Death falls into the category of those unfortunate films in that it's a schoolboy's wet dream slathered in smug self-back patting and wish-fantasy run amok, all told with the deftness of a piano falling out of the sky and onto our heads.
A fun, sloppy treatment of a profound premise that, as a reunion project between Waters and Ryder, feels right.
There are a lot of laughs, good performances, and points for creativity.
Now we know how the dopes in the beer commercials spend their time when they are not drinking their beer. They laugh their socks off at movies like this.
Waters is trying to have his cake and eat it out too.
One of the most pointless films ever made about sex or death.
It's all a pretentious bore that feels twice as long as it's two-hour running time.
Why not simply admit this is cheeseball porn, assembled with a slightly higher brand of cheese and nuts?
This film is headed quickly for DVD. In the video store, though, it isn't funny enough to be shelved in the comedy section nor dirty enough to be filed with the smut.
What a sorry reunion for Ryder and writer-director Daniel Waters, who scripted her far better dark comedy Heathers back in 1989.
The movie aims to be an unbridled sex farce, but the sex is never all that hot and the jokes are rarely all that funny.
The film works hard to be a dark, grown up, romantic comedy (plenty of sex, nudity, bad language and philosophy) and yet it winds up being every bit as childish as most other pictures in the genre.
The comedy grows more and more gratingly cynical and unpleasant.
Neither particularly dark nor even remotely funny.
Even if it badly needs editing, runs almost a half-hour too long and chickens out totally in its final scenes, it's still miles above the Hollywood comedy median.
The screenwriter Daniel Waters has some funny films to his name, but Sex and Death 101 is not one of them.
It's got the makings of a wicked little sex romp, but this dull, wordy comedy lacks visual punch and the laser-sharp satire that made the Waters-penned Heathers a mini-classic.
It has some seriously subversive ambitions, wanting to take that most popular of genres, the funny romantic romp, and turn it into a black comedy, stripping away the sweetness while keeping the laughs. Nice idea, bad execution, worse result.
The 'Sex' in the title may entice the unwary, but what they will experience will come closer to the title's other noun.
Despite two necrophilia gags, Sex and Death 101 feels like its feigning its misogyny, cynicism, and philosophical depth (though "karma sutra" is a great pun).
While S&D101 is not quite [Heathers], it's a return to something closer to the caustic wit of which [Daniel Waters] is capable.
A latter-day Casanova meets his match in the reincarnation of Lorena Bobbitt!
Genre-defying geniusness for smart people.
Writer/director Waters has crafted a darkly funny look at the pursuit of sex, but he undermines his fairy tale story with a strange trio of omnipotent men who attempt to explain how the list was released.
The best thing that can be said about Sex and Death 101 is that it's not quite as bad as Hudson Hawk. That is not a recommendation.
The film has its moments of wit and lucidity, but these are few and far between.
Stupid monikers are just one symptom of a stultifying, overwritten cleverness that substitutes quirk for character.
There are a few sketchy laughs along the way but they never threaten the piece with such post-teen concerns as wit.
It's nice to see The Facts of Life's Mindy Cohen working again, but crawling along in clunky, directionless fashion, Waters's pseudo-rom-com ultimately dies a slow death.
From the strange and implausible premise to the low-brow humor that dips into the Farrelly Brothers well at its lowest, this silly misguided comedy serves even less purpose than it does strong laughs.
Unlike most genre blenders of this sort, there is nothing sophomoric about Sex & Death 101.
As escapist entertainment, Sex and Death 101 has plenty of charm, and the ending is a refreshing surprise.
A promising concept is gradually run into the ground.
Unapologetically sexy, oddly unpredictable and ultimately kinda (yes) sweet, Sex and Death 101 is just a solid little comedy.



@highlight

Sex and Death 101 aspires to be a clever sex comedy, but has little life behind the sex or the death.