A supernatural story like nothing you've seen before... One of decay, and squalor, and the magnificence that you can find in their midst.
Crimson Peak might not keep you up at night, but it will certainly make you think twice about marrying the first English 'sir' who wanders into town with a proposal and the deed to a mine.
I had high hopes for Crimson Peak, a luscious thriller created by Guillermo del Toro, but what a prancing big mess it turned out to be.
I really could go on all day about how aesthetically imaginative and gorgeous this movie is, but in reality, the only thing that will do it justice is seeing it for yourself.
An enthusiastic celebration of gothic ghost stories, Crimson Peak is made with the irrepressible visual flair we've come to expect from the Mexican film-maker Guillermo Del Toro, and very nicely performed by a well-chosen cast.
Had Crimson Peak a script worthy of its production design, it could have been a twenty-first century Rebecca. Instead it's just another hollow candy-coated shell of a movie.
Crimson Peak goes exactly where you will expect it to go.
Whatever blooms between the characters either becomes twisted into something monstrous or hinges upon the concealment of a dark secret. It is this perverse growth that threatens to consume from within.
But despite a budget that most likely surpasses the gross domestic product of a few small countries, the film fails at its most fundamental aim: namely to be scary.
Guillermo Del Toro's richly atmospheric film Crimson Peak is a fresh step toward the resurrection of old-school horror.
Crimson Peak definitely doesn't disappoint as a fun, scary piece of cinematic entertainment.
Crimson Peak is not a perfect film, but it does many things well, including the patina of human tragedy it paints on top of its creaking floors.
del Toro's catalogue of subversive and subtly political movies are worth celebrating even when they don't quite gel.
It never really decides what it wants to be.
Crimson Peak wants to be a lot of things, and it doesn't succeed at all of them. But when it does succeed it is so bewitching that its faults can be excused.
What [Guillermo] del Toro had in mind when shooting Crimson Peak was probably a stylish gothic period piece in the same acclaimed lane as Pan's Labyrinth. Unfortunately, Crimson Peak fails to work on that level.
Even though it has visual beauty that makes it required viewing on the big screen, I can't endorse Crimson Peak or claim it is anything more significant than a disappointment.
Crimson Peak is a lot of fun for the most part, knowingly camp and nicely photographed, but the CGI effects become too dominant late on, as Mr del Toro lashes on the guignol.
To absorb the extraordinary details, colors, shapes and situations that are rife with layered danger is to witness this director's fierce commitment to his own vision.
Beautiful and well-acted, expertly staged and shot, but tonally very uneven, veering wildly from one style of film to another with little warning.
A movie for people who love the old Hammer Gothics precisely for their stately goofiness.
Not only did I love every silly, gothic, gorgeous minute of Guillermo del Toro's Crimson Peak, I'm actually suspicious of those who didn't.
It compensates for its lack of psychological finesse... by the lush visuals that background this grotesque romance. There's a lot of crimson in this delicious tale, and we're happy to savour it all.
What Crimson Peak does have is proper scares, thanks to performance artist Doug Jones, when he does that thing he does, reminding us how unnerving a simple arm or leg movement can be.
In someone else's hands, "Crimson Peak" might have come off as a costume drama shot out of a cannon, but del Toro's is, crucially, a costume drama shot by a cannon.
For all its feeling of a throwaway penny dreadful, Crimson Peak looks gorgeous ... Still, it's the film's smaller moments that set the mind racing.
There's a sexuality and passion - inspired by the gothic romance genre of the 1940s Hollywood - bubbling beneath the stunning surface of Crimson Peak, but it never really finds its way into proceedings in an affective way.
With a reasonable smattering of gore, and some absolutely breathtaking set and costume design, del Toro's final product is a truly unique beast.
You can feel Del Toro's seal and personality, but it unfortunately misses the level of his better works, and you can feel the studio's pressure all around. [Full Review in Spanish]
A film that duly fulfills its ambitions, it chills and excites with its revisionist visuals and reminds us that the best "stories with ghosts" are allusions to deep-seated societal fears and repressed emotions. This is one film not to miss.
Crimson Peak is a film more concerned with style than characters and the mystery/romance/horror plot; despite an interesting theme, the characters are thin and the plot is predictable.
The set is spectacular, the cast is stellar, but Guillermo del Toro's haunted costume drama is short on drama - and scares.
[It] is fascinating for the myriad ways it veers right and wrong, and it speaks to the stronger passages that their weaker brethren can be overlooked within reason.
The movie's real star is the Sharpes' decaying mansion... a chilling living presence in its own right.
As lush and atmospheric a film as the American cinema has created in years...
Sumptuously stylized and sound-scaped; there are a few Victorian moments of sublimated psychosexuality. But the sensation-novel plot and ghost-story atmosphere are too steamed-out here, chugging on; the ending gets too stabby, brutal and modern.
This wanna-be "classic, old-fashioned, grand Hollywood production in the Gothic romance genre" becomes ridiculously graphic and violent.
Remarkable in every aspect, and the classic tone is appreciated given the current tendencies in ghost movies. [Full Review in Spanish]
Yes, the script is a tad silly at times but a game cast -- Wasikowska was born to wander dark corridors -- and del Toro's eye for detail make for a stylish and scary shocker.
There's a point at which someone who is an expert in something can go from teacher to pedant.
The story quickly grew predictable and bland, and the design of the ghosts and the role they played in the story left me feeling disappointed.
Crimson Peak is the perfect film for that small subgroup of moviegoers that doesn't see shivers and manic giggling as incompatible.
Gifted Mexican filmmaker Guillermo Del Toro (Pan's Labyrinth) makes an odd misstep with this overwrought gothic horror thriller, which is so bloated that it's more silly than scary.
When Guillermo del Toro set out to co-write and direct Crimson Peak, a work of Gothic horror as gorgeous as it is preposterous, the word "restraint" must have been missing from his movie-making mission statement.
Del Toro understands that sex and violence are what movies are for. He wants to literally show you his characters' insides.
Crimson Peak supersedes homage and becomes something new; a re-original.
Crimson Peak is a disappointment because it doesn't have a particularly interesting plot nor does its characters end up being too charismatic, even if it does show the visual inventivness of Del Toro. [Full Review in Spanish]
I think film culture would be much poorer if it looked away from this deliciously mordant work by del Toro, one of the few writer-directors today who don't just craft images but think in them.
Crimson Peak is an effort to make a throwback movie with modern effects and modern sex scenes, but it can't contend with the modern gaze with which we're looking at it.
It tries to hard to convince us that ghosts and haunted houses can be romantic, but the movie as a whole is undoubtedly corny. [Full review in Spanish]
Most times the tropes of gothic horror work well, particulary the ones relative to the geography and scenery. [Full review in Spanish]
Another great film by master of horror fantasy Guillermo Del Toro, with an amazing cast and sets that will stay in your head forever. [Full review in Spanish]
In every Del Toro film, the ghosts, like Edith says in Crimson Peak, are just metaphors. [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak delivers its purpose of showing drama in a gothic and haunting atmosphere that's very well constructed. [Full review in Spanish]
It has all the elements you'd expect from a gothic horror film, splendid production values and it's well told. [Full review in Spanish]
It's the sets and impressive atmosphere that stands out, the impecable production values, too bad it's hard to identify yourself with the characters. [Full review in Spanish]
Del Toro takes his time to get to the violence, but he never let go the audience and captures their attention with a magical and gothic aesthetic. [Full review in Spanish]
An exquisitely rendered, color-coded amplification of a Corman/Poe film of the 1960s; the characters' intense but concealed emotions find vivid expression in the elaborate design, the flayed agony of the ghosts and the infrequent but shocking violence.
Crimson Peak is a curious quimera formed of all the thematic passions and obsessions of Guillermo del Toro. [Full review in Spanish]
Del Toro's best film? Not quite, but it's the most detailed, the most elegant and the most femenine of all. [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak is a movie that seduces you because of its delicate, well crafted and undisputed beauty. [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak is a dark romance infused with a high dose of suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though it boasts a gothic narrative full of references and homages, the movie stays true to Del Toro's own style, atmosphere and characters. [Full review in Spanish]
Sadly, while this gothic throwback is big on design it's shockingly short on actual scares.
Guillermo del Toro stays true 100% to his vision even though the script could've been better. [Full review in Spanish]
The house's eye-popping extravagance and intricate designs simultaneously conjure feelings of unease and the desire to explore it further-a testament to the benefits of putting money into art direction.
Crimson Peak is Guillermo Del Toro at his best. [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak is definately Del Toro's most beautiful and elegant movie to date. [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak is the stage for one of the most violent love stories ever told... [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak is a refreshing and original film, it's not perfect, but it mantains the escence of its director and it's definitely worth seeing. [Full review in Spanish]
Even thoug you can feel the influence of Edgar Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft novels, Crimson Peak is a love story framed within a gothic atmosphere. [Full review in Spanish]
Visually and narratively Del Toro achieves to bring influences of Alfred Hitchcock, Max Ophus, Martin Scorsese, Stanley Kubrick and many other great directors without loosing his own signature and style. [Full review in Spanish]
Crimson Peak turns into a sappy and predictable melodrama disguised as a horror film, even though it has beautiful production design and it's elegantly directed, the horror scenes never work. [Full review in Spanish]
Del Toro builds a tight plot but never develops it; his frames are overdecorated with macabre clutter and smothered in shadow, but the atmosphere of dread never reaches ecstatic excesses.
An atmospheric visual treat from Guillermo del Toro. Too bad the plot is so very predictable.
Never excites as much as it indulges the senses with a creepiness.
It isn't your grandma's gothic.
This is not a subtle film. It's not even unpredictable. But it is an awful lot of ghoulish, melodramatic fun.
Crimson Peak is a visually stunning movie of little substance.
An extremely poetic film, full of all the tropes of the genre but made with a los of love. This is the works of a truly passionate filmmaker. [Full revire in Spanish]
[VIDEO ESSAY] Crimson Peak" isn't an awful movie; it just isn't a very good one either. Come back Guillermo del Toro. We need you.
All the carefully orchestrated color schemes and all the dark corridors and secret chambers and all the flowing red metaphors in the world can't accelerate the slow patches, or make us care about lead characters.
The real wonder is the sumptuous production design by Thomas E. Sanders, whose darkly colorful sets were inspired by Stanley Kubrick's The Shining.
Director Guillermo del Toro (who co-wrote with Matthew Robbins) serves up an amusing, sometimes hilarious parody of a Victorian Gothic horror story... Alas, the parody seems to be mostly unintentional, though it's not easy to tell.
Crimson Peak is a lavish, refreshingly old-fashioned production.
It's the most gorgeous thing I've seen all year.
Despite not being Del Toro's best film, it's a movie that works, hauntingly beautiful and it leaves you with a bittersweet feeling. [Full review in Spanish]
Del Toro just goes for effect, and the effect he seems to be going for here is something like, "Ew, Guillermo, that's really gross."
Whatever it is, it's a pleasure to spend two hours inside it.
This impeccably crafted Gothic horror tale... doesn't quite come to fruition despite some vivid elements.
Crimson Peak knows you know what it's doing.
Guillermo del Toro's gothic horror, haunted house shocker -- perhaps the most visually striking film of the year -- is in a class by itself. A rich and effective horror movie.
an impressive, overripe cinematic feat that makes up for its somewhat pedestrian plotting with a stunning visual imagination that impresses in both the scope and detail with which it merges so many of del Toro's cultural obsessions
A gorgeous, lavish Gothic thriller which is part Hammer horror, part classic Roger Corman and, in the end, absolutely Guillermo del Toro.
There's only one character that really matters in this sumptuous, romantic ghost story -- the grandiloquent decaying mansion at its center.
It is beautiful to watch until it jumps off the rails and goes over the top.
Del Toro, co-writing with Matthew Robbins, nurtures the stately tone of Victorian times so he can haunt its romanticism with deeply repressed sins.
...fans of slow-burn ghostly fare like Nicole Kidman's The Others and del Toro's own Don't Be Afraid of the Dark will enjoy the feel of their skin both crawling and tingling.
With a movie that looks this great, why is del Toro holding his narrative back in the throes of convention? It is not a sound impulse.
Crimson Peak is a visually stunning mess.
Urgh. Another slice of over-designed pseudo-gothic crud from the criminally over-rated Guillermo del Toro, who has dutifully followed up his Transformers knock-off Pacific Rim with a bloated, empty-headed haunted house jaunt.
A period drama that doesn't rely on heaving bosoms to register passion.
It is under-plotted and preposterous but quite fun.
Crimson Peak is one of the year's most handsomely mounted productions. More importantly, it is a film with a palpably beating heart ...
The paranormal is the least disturbing of the elements here, played with a gleefully operatic excess, and more than a whiff of the disturbing exoticism of Grand Guignol at work in the passions unleashed.
There are creepy old houses, and then there is Crimson Peak.
While it's not as frightening as other del Toro offerings, there's no escaping the constant anticipation of having the pants scared off you. It lurks around every atmospheric corner.
"Crimson Peak" is, in a way, like the culmination of everything Del Toro has done before, embracing his blockbuster tendencies with the frightful horrors he loved growing up.
Uneven though this horror film from Guillermo del Toro is, this haunted mansion is worth a visit.
When the overripe dialogue and stodgy pace prove tiresome, there is always a great deal of artistic detail upon which the eyes can feast.
Del Toro has crafted a predictable movie that will likely only appeal to modern moviegoers thoroughly unfamiliar with Jane Eyre or Henry James or Bluebeard or Daphne du Maurier or, heck, even The Silence of the Lambs.
While it may not be Guillermo del Toro's best film, Crimson Peak nonetheless offers enough phantasmagoric appeal to draw you in.
Fans of its constituent novels will flock to see it, but they'll stay for the cinema - as rich and opulent as anything you'll see this year.
... moderately creepy but not scary, more tedious than thrilling, and it seems like a lesser effort from the versatile del Toro.
It's no "Pan's Labyrinth," but it is as intricately, astoundingly designed and as entertaining as del Toro's "Hellboy II: The Golden Army."
What is immediately striking about this movie is the immaculate camerawork, framing and detailing.
If you can slip into the kinky folds of Guillermo del Toro's latest love letter to weirdness, you will find yourself welcomed and content.
Guillermo del Toro's latest dive into the darkness is a sumptuous, beautifully constructed tale that feels both archaic and inviting.
Crimson Peak is Guillermo del Toro's imagining of the gothic horror movie genre, with unmistakable hat-tips to films such as Alfred Hitchcock's Rebecca resonating in the eerie mansion that serves as the setting for a large chunk of the narrative.
Sinister and supernatural - with stunning sets, sumptuous costumes and stylish cinematography....
Crimson Peak is a classic case of style over substance resulting in a hollow movie experience that never fully reaches its potential.
Crimson Peak is a vision that is del Toro's and del Toro's alone, and while it's not his most compelling work, it's very surely his most beautiful. That alone makes it worth the price of admission.
Guillermo Del Toro has long been a filmmaker who devotes nearly all of his energy to visual style, but he finds a solid foundation for his twin fascinations of elaborate production design and body horror in this Gothic ghost story.
The problem here is that the film-makers throw too many elements into the mix. Grand Guignol bloodletting is combined with characters and ideas which often seem to have been borrowed from Rebecca.
Gothically impressive visuals rise... story unfortunately fizzles.
"Crimson Peak" is the perfect Halloween treat, a little scary, a little sweet and unquestionably haunting.
Guillermo del Toro has always been known for striking, creative visuals, but with Crimson Peak he's truly reached a new level in his work.
Guillermo del Toro doesn't merely direct movies. He paints them, dreams them, shapes them into private fantasies. Too much? Of course. But that's part of the fun.
Crimson Peak has a lot going for it, and may well be the most ravishing horror movie ever made.
Sensation is essential to [Guillermo del Toro's] aesthetic, and Crimson Peak is a film that's all about engaging the senses.
Crimson Peak is a stunning sensory experience.
Crimson Peak is a movie that's all windup and no pitch. It requires a patience of you that I'm not sure it necessarily earns, and a level of patience it doesn't feel obliged to reward.
This ghost story is a real gollywhopper, a voluptuous, sumptuously festooned saga of love, lust, jealousy, money, madness, secrets, ambition and spirits that refuse to let go.
Ultimately, though, Crimson Peak is a movie that's only pretty good. It's fine. And for this director, working in this genre with this budget and this cast, that's almost worse than making a bad movie.
Crimson Peak is a fascinating conundrum of a movie. I was close to hating it as I walked out of the theater, but images and moments from it have stayed with me.
Crimson Peak would have been a wonderful silent film.
It's a throwback to a time long before the torture porn and found-footage movies that have dominated the genre for the past decade, to a time when horror was allowed to be classy.
Director Guillermo del Toro's unique visual style is on display but the story is predictable, the characters are flat, and the supernatural elements are red herrings.
Though Crimson Peak's tone is arch enough that it won't be for everyone, there's definitely a gory, beating heart at its core.
This Gothic Hitchcock-Poe mash-up is a feast for the eyes.
Dazzling sets and profoundly gorgeous costumes by Kate Hawley. Hiddleston captures the essence of Rhett Butler with a Heathcliff subtext. Chastain walks off with every scene she's in.
If eyes could eat, every pair would gobble up what Guillermo del Toro and cinematographer Dan Lausten have to offer and then ask for seconds.
A mad exercise in deluxe set decoration and lush costume design. All gorgeous, but after a while it becomes much too much of a good thing.
Sterile but still entertaining, this is far from a disaster, but definitely a disappointment.
Gets a slight recommendation, but I was just expecting so much more than modern day "scares" wrapped in the visual trappings and tone of old. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
Where is the humor, the propulsion, the story sense of del Toro's best work?
Despite its cast, it's a bit thin on the acting, but like all of del Toro's films, it has a visual sensibility that's truly the star of the show.
If Charlotte Bronte and Daphne du Maurier had been collaborating screenwriters at Universal Pictures in the 1930s, the result might have been 'Crimson Peak.'
Del Toro has successfully managed to take the most desirable elements of his previous Spanish-language work like The Devil's Backbone and Pan's Labyrinth and expand on them with a bigger budget and a Hollywood cast.
It's a story that loses momentum, the narrative lurching unsteadily towards the denouement in a story that perfectly illustrates that looks aren't everything.
The film is sumptuously shot, lit, scored and acted.
The good news is that this one, a ghostly gothic romance, is at least a step up from Del Toro's killjoy kaiju would-be epic Pacific Rim. The less good news is that... this one is strictly forgettable.
The film is too busy, and in some ways too gross, to sustain an effective atmosphere of dread. It tumbles into pastiche just when it should be swooning and sighing with earnest emotion.
[Guillermo del Toro's] grandiose ambitions to update the haunted house story result in a lurid mess, entertaining for all the wrong reasons.
This is a rich essay in the form, which takes care to evoke even the lighting cues of vintage Roger Corman or Mario Bava in the service of a rattling good melodrama.
It is a love story, a masochistic and violent one admittedly, but once which has us setting our fob watches for the final chapter in what looks to be an enchanting trilogy.
It may be a little overwrought for some tastes, borderline camp at points, but if you're partial to a bit of Victorian romance with Hammer horror gloop and big, frilly night-gowns, GDT delivers an uncommon treat.
Its sombre sincerity and hypnotic, treasure-box beauty make Crimson Peak feel like a film out of time - but Del Toro, his cast and his crew carry it off without a single postmodern prod or smirk.
A gothic tale where the horror and claustrophobia are a metaphor for women being trapped under social conventions. [Full review in Spanish]
Even watered-down blood runs red.
Crimson Peak is worth a significant deal of admiration, even if that is primarily on its technical merits.
For genre mavens, the experience is like witnessing the revival of a lost art form.
Del Toro's creativity, the joy he finds in splicing together pieces of the movies and books and characters he loves, is hard to resist. This is a film that believes deeply in ghosts, and half of them are in its director's head.
[Indulges] the senses with its gore, set design and costuming, and drawing on the skills of its cast...
Is it too much? Oh, yeah. But if you like this kind of thing, too much is never enough.
Crimson Peak is gorgeous, there's no denying that fact, but del Toro's Gothic facade hides a hollow, unbalanced foundation that begins to crumble under such immense visual weight.
Crimson Peak is hardly the house-of-nightmares feature that may be expected. It is a sadder, more pensive and muted film for its indulgences, more wrenching than frightening.
This gothic horror opus is melodrama most foul, and I mean that in terms of concept and execution, as well.
A movie that's all about atmosphere over story, the sets and the gothic tone are the main characters here. [Full review in Spanish]
one fascinating creep show
For the two hours it lasted I wasn't asking any questions, only giggling, squirming, screaming, and swooning.
This is Guillermo del Toro's love letter to classic Hollywood horror films. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not particularly creepy, nor all that emotional, nor even (deliberately) silly.
An extravagantly entertaining ghost story. Hiddleston could be our next Vincent Price.
You don't go to a del Toro movie for the story (he co-wrote this one with Matthew Robins) or even the characters. You go for his all-encompassing imagery ...
Del Toro has all the right dramatic ingredients and pure technical mastery, but the story is lacking serious threat, often caught admiring itself instead of marching forward as a proper spine-tingler.
Del Toro's artistry is definitely something to celebrate, but there's one thing about Crimson Peak that's unforgivable - it's just not scary.
As gorgeous to behold as Crimson Peak (2015) often is, Guillermo del Toro's latest film has zero dramatic gravitas. It is pop-up book Gothic, rather than a full-bodied recreation of dreamlike exotic weirdness.
Wasikowska creates a wonderful heroine with her porcelain features and lily white complexion. But Hiddleston and Chastain are so overtly villainous that their reactions elicit unintended laughs.
A good movie in spite of its flaws. [Full review in Spanish]
This film just flounders helplessly in its own elaborate universe.
Crimson Peak is a sumptuously designed genre flick that delivers a different kind of horror from the typical ghosts-and-ghouls haunted house story.
There's a massive hole in the roof of Crimson Peak's slowly sinking mansion, and the characters never seems to notice it... If you, like them, can ignore the similarly-sized holes in the movie's plot, you'll likely have a good time.
A lavishly-made retro-thriller. Further proof that Guillermo del Toro is one of the best genre directors of our era.
Crimson Peak isn't a horror. It's not that good either.
Crimson Peak's disjointed, laggy storyline renders it second-tier del Toro. Which is, of course, first-tier anyone else.
Feels like four different movies, which don't fit together and could probably have used some streamlining.
You could justly apply many adjectives to movies by director Guillermo Del Toro, but "conventional" wasn't one of them - until "Crimson Peak."
The old-fashioned good intentions of "Crimson Peak," like the house at the center of the film, quickly get swallowed up by puddles of bright red goo.
"Crimson Peak" is frustrating from nearly every angle. It lets the audience race ahead of the reveals, while struggling to put all that tantalizingly rich atmosphere to effective narrative use.
Lurid and ghastly and immensely enjoyable and frequently spectacular and also thinner and less substantial than it wants to be, like a meal eaten in a dream.
"Crimson Peak" ends up feeling like a bit of make-work, a project to keep the visionary filmmaker busy until something that truly sparks his passion comes along.
Watching Del Toro's films is a pleasure because his vision is evident in every frame. Best of all, though, is his belief that "what terrifies him will terrify others." He's right.
Riveting entertainment thanks to its three leads and evocative production design, Crimson Peak is also surprisingly heartbreaking.
While there may be some slight stiffness in the storytelling joints, Guillermo del Toro's Gothic love story is a visually ravishing delight.
A deliciously creepy haunted-house story. Oozes eldritch atmosphere yet plays with our genre expectations in ways that make it as funny as it is scary.
Enormously entertaining and one of the most beautifully designed films you'll see all year, though it's not especially scary - opting instead for brooding atmosphere.
"Crimson Peak" is more creepy than scary (despite a couple of gruesomely violent deaths), but del Toro's imagination blooms in every frame.
The film is a visual feast with just enough shocks to ensure you don't mistake this for some well-mounted costume drama. It is the stuff of a beautifully vivid nightmare.
The movie is so elegant, actually, that it feels a little musty, and while its atmosphere is spectacular, its story is a bit stale.
A haunted mansion that from moment to moment is pretty to look at but turns out to be utterly empty inside.
But for those who play along with del Toro's methods, Crimson Peak is a beautifully horrifying experience.
A loving throwback to Roger Corman's Edgar Allan Poe movies and Hammer's gothic chillers from the '60s, Crimson Peak is a cobwebs-and-candelabras chamber piece that's so preoccupied with being visually stunning it forgets to be scary.
A visually sumptuous, deliciously over-the-top helping of grand guignol playfulness.
As even [Del Toro's] last film, the kaiju monster movie Pacific Rim, proved, there may be no better conjurer of color in movies right now. His dreams, and nightmares, are in technicolor.
Though bewitchingly designed and filmed, it's hard to overlook that del Toro has made a horror film that barely rustles up a full-blooded scare for its entire running time.
As a bold, eye-filling spectacle, Crimson Peak will gratify any fan of fantasy and horror. In plot terms, though, there's something lacking.
I wholeheartedly recommend everyone see Crimson Peak on the big screen. It's the most beautiful, bloody way to celebrate Halloween this year.
A faithful homage to a foolish genre. The risk is that audiences who don't share that love won't appreciate the work, like the world's best cover band nailing obscure nu-metal hits
This haunted house flick has all the discipline and restraint of a Spirit Halloween store. Once the suspense is gone, all that's left is the blood spatter.
A vibrant refashioning of gothic romance and blood-soaked horror that injects fresh energy into old-fashioned tropes.
Crimson Peak gets under your skin and crawls away with abandon. It leaves you alarmed, unsettled and in a giddy state of cringe-in-your-seat squirm.
The film is not quite as silly as Pacific Rim or his dreadful FX series, The Strain, but as del Toro does too often, here he takes what could be a winning homage to a genre he loves and smothers it in sensational, empty style.
The pacing by director del Toro is so slow that by the time a ghost does show up, it's more apt to wake the audience than scare them.
The setting is spectacular, but its ghosts underwhelm. Kudos to del Toro for bucking the minimalist trend in spooky movies, but his Grand Guignol spirits are so visible they begin to resemble fun-house monsters.
Sanders' production design and Gordon's art direction take us into the belly of the beast with wood carved Gothic halls reminiscent of a rib cage and a rickety iron elevator that plunges into the bloody bowels of Allerdale Hall.
It all adds up to a gorgeous, tone-perfect haunted house filled with immediate pleasures.
The film suffers from attempting too much, not revelling in the horror tendencies, nor thriving in the more magical, while the romance running through the picture is a challenge to adhere to.
A resplendently mounted thriller, old-fashioned in spirit and decked with lavish production values. "Crimson Peak" is classically confident, aesthetically arresting moviemaking.
Guillermo del Toro's fussiest, most compartmentalized construction, filled with the most powerful sense of repression and delusion.
Crimson Peak is a triumph of production design that attempts to cover for a generic story with little in the way of complexity or incident.
Old fashioned and obvious, but genuinely hair-raising and stylishly gruesome.
A film that wants to be the final word on haunted house horror, as its director embraces and finesses myriad genre tropes, cranking the spectacle up so far it's astonishing it shows no sign of the strain.
This often entertaining film feels like a mish-mash of overfamiliar elements, falling way short in the wild, weird, what-the-f----was-that department.
Crimson Peak is so addictively watchable and macabre, there's no doubting Del Toro's sulphurous showmanship.
At its worst, and best, "Crimson Peak" exists in a weird parallel world where very separate rules of logic apply. It's a true waking nightmare.
Claramente obra de um artista fascinado por histórias de terror e que sente imenso prazer não só em contá-las, mas em concebê-las com carinho ímpar e cuidado admirável com os detalhes.
Perhaps one day I'll come across a Guillermo del Toro film I dislike, but it sure as hell won't be today.
"Jane Eyre" this is not. Instead, "Crimson Peak" seems to use admittedly smashing costumes to cover up a lack of compelling narrative.
A fondly nostalgic Gothic horror movie in which director Guillermo del Toro delivers plenty of elegant chills while trying to supress a cheeky grin, luxuriating in the clammy, spooky-scary conventions of the genre.
A gothic romance, Crimson Peak is all about decaying mansions and withered aristocracy, sweeping heroic love and bitter villainous betrayal... and mutilated ghosts seeking justice.
[It's] certainly unequaled in its field for the beauty of its camerawork, sets, costumes and effects. But it's also conventionally plotted and not surprising or scary at all.
Aflame with color and awash in symbolism, this undeniably ravishing yet ultimately disappointing haunted-house meller is all surface and no substance, sinking under the weight of its own self-importance into the sanguine muck below.
Unsurprisingly for a Del Toro film, the production design is the real star of Crimson Peak.
Crimson Peak will make you believe in ghosts, but it will also make you believe in the magic of the movies yet again.
This grandiose film is visually and emotionally ripe, to the point that juices nearly sweat off the screen.
Unfortunately, the house seems more alive than the characters in it - and not just the ghosts.
Subverts the usual Gothic and horror tropes by giving Mia Wasikowska's Edith a sex life that doesn't lead to punishment. But she's soon turned into just another token damsel in distress.
The insanely lush Gothic romance and ghost story plays like a hitherto unrecorded collaboration between Edgar Allen Poe, Edith Wharton, the designers of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion and whoever directed all those Bonnie Tyler music videos in the 1980s.

@highlight

Crimson Peak offers an engaging -- albeit somewhat slight -- diversion driven by a delightfully creepy atmosphere and director Guillermo del Toro's brilliant knack for unforgettable visuals.