There were surprises, twists and turns and could get graphic at times, but overall the movie was fast-paced, well performed, and kept your attention until the very end.
Law Abiding Citizen may be the most nihilistic movie I've ever seen.
It's exactly the kind of film the phrase 'by-the-numbers' was invented for, but like the best genre films, it acknowledges its niche and goes all out to top its predecessors.
One of the more repugnant examples of Hollywood's cheap-thrill approach to violence, its voyeuristic brutality is matched only by its innate stupidity.
The film can't seem to make up its mind whether it wants to be an audience pleasing popcorn treat or a serious, political thriller. It ends up being partly both... with varying degrees of success.
Putting aside the ideological posturing, this hyper-violent fantasy about a seemingly unstoppable killer who continues his murder spree behind bars delivers on its promise of an intriguing mystery, however far-fetched.
While one man's terrorist may be another's freedom fighter, it's not quite as simple when it comes to CIA operatives and your basic serial killer. Or rather, a CIA psycho family man that might make Jack The Ripper envious.
The diverting garbage that is Law Abiding Citizen would be more deplorable if it were possible to take this wholly implausible film seriously.
For large portions of Law Abiding Citizen we're not sure who is going to be the winner here, nor who we want to be, and though it won't make for much of a date flick, as far as intelligent action flicks go, it gets two big burly thumbs up.
While Law Abiding Citizen is in no sense a successful work of art, a film that offers the illicit thrill of cheering on an all-American terrorist is at least pursuing something more complex than ''moral clarity''.
A high-octane, high body-count thriller posing the question, how do you stop a psycho vigilante on a killing spree? Apparently, by any means necessary."
Bloodshed and torture abound in this sadistic thriller with pretensions.
An entertaining thrill ride but not much more.
In another time and place, Law Abiding Citizen could have been an intelligent critique of a flawed criminal justice system. Instead, I present you Gerard Butler, ruthlessly hacking a guy into 25 little pieces.
The screenplay mashes up its elements and develops as a hairbrained plot without enough character substanc
On a side note, can you believe the Oscar-winning star of RAY made a crack about Helen Keller?
What sours F Gary Gray's film is the drawn-out sadism of its violence - a depressing case of torture-porn methods infecting another genre.
[It's] pretending to examine the nature of justice, test the parameters of law and probe the relationship between good and evil. But really it's just intent on blowing shit up.
Law Abiding Citizen tries to be two kinds of exploitation film at once, and it ends up as neither.
The film's entertainment value resides almost entirely in the ingenuity of Butler's modus operandi; but this is cancelled out by the film's underlying stupidity.
Relentlessly ugly, preposterous and hackneyed of dialogue: guilty on all counts. It will do well, then.
Sadly, there's nothing here but bloody off-cuts from 'Death Wish', 'Saw' and 'The Silence of the Lambs', in roughly that order.
Put simply, this writer would take any number of bad movies over one nasty film. And make no mistake about it, Law Abiding Citizen is a very nasty movie indeed.
Full of incoherent, spitting rage, ignorant, paranoid violence and a complete lack of internal logic.
It's silly and nasty at the same time: not a good combination.
The motto of Law Abiding Citizen, endlessly repeated by Shelton, is that everyone must account for their actions. Does that apply to the people who made and star in this truly dire film?
The film doesn't take itself too seriously and there are enough cool deaths and thrills to entertain despite the ridiculous premise.
Hollywood hokum of the tallest order. Riddled with supernova-sized plot holes and soaked in clichés, it's that rare breed of film that succeeds despite its credibility-straining premise and black and white morality.
Wildly implausible tosh.
Could have made for a decent enough B-movie renter if it had just aimed a bit lower, but the moral drum-banging only serves to throw its failings into even sharper relief.
Foxx is perfectly cast as the moral compass of the film, but it's Butler's edgy portrayal, walking a thin line between madness and genius, which leaves a lasting impression.
Arguably the most preposterous picture of the year.
A piece of big, brash, brains-out popcorn fodder best savoured after last orders.
When reality melts and major US cities become porous, we need some of the mad panache recently demonstrated by Roland Emmerich in 2012.
Butler is neither sympathetic nor sinister enough for this hokum to wash.
With film, the question is not always, "Do I believe it?"; more often, it is "Do they believe it?" And in the case of Law Abiding Citizen they believe it so much that revenge becomes a thing you can taste.
Dodgy politics aside, Law Abiding Citizen is a slickly made, trashily entertaining thriller that builds to a suitably explosive climax.
Super-slick filmmaking masks this thriller's reprehensible message that violence can solve any problem.
If you want a crazy mix of Saw and Shawshank, where a lot of people get killed in nasty ways and Gerard Butler gets his bum out, then this is a decent bet.
The film tries in earnest to be profound. It's a forgettable vigilante fantasy movie, not a film that's going to have an impact on policy. And frankly, we don't care.
A morally dubious, deliriously demented thriller.
It should be put under citizen's arrest as it's one colossal disappointment.
While preferably to the typical Saw entry by about a five-to-one ratio, Law Abiding Citizen still isn't any good.
Jamie Foxx's Nick mostly repeats the part played by Denzel Washington in Ricochet, the superior first incarnation of Law Abiding Citizen.
Entertaining, without making sense. Film tries to say something about the judicial system, but fails badly. Nevertheless, an intriguing idea. Paul Chambers, CNN.
It's never clear how we're supposed to feel about Butler and when he's gone too far. Should he kill the judge? Maybe the court clerk for filing the paperwork?
Shamelessly crass and blatantly stupid. There oughta be laws against films like this.
full review on Movies for the Masses
So blatantly nonsensical that the action quickly tips over into campiness.
F. Gary Gray draws up some nifty car explosions, but he delivered a more exciting, thoughtful and better-acted system-challenging movie 11 years ago with "The Negotiator." This is immeasurably dumb sludge masquerading as rage against the machine.
It's a toss-up what's dumber: the forehead-slapping contrivances director F. Gary Gray sets up for each killing, or the Neanderthal political "message."
Sadistic and silly, 'Law Abiding Citizen' takes the revenge movie to ridiculous extremes.
Director F. Gary Gray (The Italian Job) heightens a sense of anticipation with his deft direction, and Butler delivers an excellent performance as a brainiac who can outthink a horde of law officials.
As a social statement, Law Abiding Citizen is a flawed attempt at holding the legal system accountable for its shortcomings. As a movie, it's a ridiculous execution of a misguided concept.
You won't like yourself for liking it, but you probably will like it
Has the audience for these kinds of films demanded this sort of torture-porn titillation from their popcorn thrillers?
What might've saved the movie is if Viola Davis was the one who was wronged by the justice system and seeking revenge. Ms. Viola could read the back of a Listerine bottle and make it award-worthy!
There's the core of a fascinating amoral movie here before it gets amped up into a standard thriller
When smart people make dumb movies.
Gerard Butler's scene-chewing performance holds interest even as the story alternately melts and congeals like a mobile bowl of poorly mixed Jell-O.
Pervasively absurd yet generally entertaining...
Revenge has never been so bland. Much of the fault for the failure of Law Abiding Citizen lands at the feet of its two equally monochrome stars Jamie Foxx and Gerard Butler.
Despite the gore, which is marginally justified to drive the revenge aspect, the film is worth seeing for the clever plot turn finale as well as above average performances by leads Jamie Foxx and Gerard Butler.
Revenge is a dish best served cold by a very angry, naked Gerard Butler.
Increasingly preposterous and asinine, but nonetheless mindlessly entertaining thanks to Gerard Butler's oddly invigorating and captivating performance.
A gruesome melodrama that, too afraid to tackle the issues it brings up, instead elects to transform into a ridiculous thriller about a psychopath terrorizing a city.
The film is filled with plenty of action but also laced with absurdities that make folks who work in law enforcement cry for justice.
...the kind of ragged film that appeals to the lower common denominator rather than the intelligent portion of the viewer's brain.
This is brilliant exploitation with A-listers. It's not an Oscar movie. It's way cooler because it's not looking for anyone's approval.
May be lacking in social graces -- it's about as dignified and refined as a Hell's Angel fighting a caveman -- but on the red meat, reptile brain level, it scores.
Law Abiding Citizen doesn't follow the laws of logic, let alone competent storytelling.
An illogical, campy joke of a movie that suffers hugely in comparison to F. Gary Gray's earlier ****-the-injustice-system thriller The Negotiator.
The overall moral focus is lost early on when the film turns into a highly entertaining and far-fetched action adventure. Butler hasn't been this good since 300.
'It's going to get Biblical!'...sets new standards of lunatic plotting as it goes about its smiting.
If you're looking for a movie that'll let you switch off your brain without insulting your intelligence, this might be the flick for you this weekend.
It is a nasty and morally bankrupt piece of work, true, but it is also incredibly entertaining, and as far guilty pleasures go I think this might be at the top of my 2009 list.
The mixture of gruesome revenge picture and self-satisfied message movie is deeply off-putting.
A preposterous exercise in high-minded brutality, "Law Abiding Citizen" tries to pass itself off as a dialectic on justice betrayed, but instead plays like a snuff film with our nation's legal system as the victim.
Sure, it's outta place for October, but there's no reason you can't enjoy a mindless piece of candy against the backdrop of fall foliage.
Simply rent Silence of the Lambs and Falling Down, then mash them together and maybe you'll have what this movie was trying to achieve. Maybe.
The crystal clear cinematography and superb lighting make effective use of aerial views of the City of Brotherly Love. The movie proceeds at a rivetingly brisk pace and never lets up on the accelerator.
Law Abiding Citizen is such a lazy action-drama underachiever, it seems unfair to target stars Jamie Foxx and Gerard Butler for bringing their C game.
90 percent awesome and 10 percent just okay
Take the Death Wish movies, cross them with Dexter, add just a soupçon of the depraved Saw series, and you've got Law Abiding Citizen.
The ultimate explanation behind Shelton's methods deflates some of the picture's fun, but by then you've enjoyed most of Gray's gritty ride.
Say what you will about Death Wish, but Charles Bronson was never boring.
Law Abiding Citizen could be the movie of the year, but only if you're a big fan of stupid.
It's criminally contrived.
This strikes me as narrative cheating, but you may play the critical game by more relaxed rules.
The film suffers from one unfortunate affliction: It makes absolutely no sense.
It's about the cat-and-mouse game between two very smart guys, and it's perfectly happy to be as dumb as it wants.
Law Abiding Citizen isn't going to win any honors for the most coherent, logical plot ever written.
The only thing really worth seeing in the film is Butler in his one moment of partial nudity. Otherwise, it's a bit of a slog.
This dull film carries just a few hints that the screenplay may once have been a bit darker.
"Final Destination" meets "Saw" meets disaster.
...even if it's not an open-and-shut classic, it occasionally makes a compelling argument for the kind of movie that thrills your pulse while not quite making you think.
Absurd is not an original nor powerful enough word to describe Law Abiding Citizen.
a competently made thriller that attempts to make up in panache what it lacks in credibility. It fails.
The movie remains admittedly entertaining, mainly because it's so shamelessly ridiculous that you can't believe an Oscar-winning actor (Jamie Foxx) can get through this thing with a straight face.
'It's gonna be biblical,' promises the self-righteous Butler about his vengeance, although moviegoers familiar with the Good Book may wonder how they missed the chapter in which the Philistines were smote with a booby-trapped cell phone.
"Law Abiding Citizen" is a sizzling hot thriller that will have you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.
At last, the missing link between Phantom of the Opera and Saw. Welcome to the gonzo revenge saga Law Abiding Citizen.
An absolutely reprehensible, illogical, and poorly made thriller that raises more questions than it answers
Not so much a whodunit as a howdhedoit that will frustrate any intelligent viewer
Butler has the showier part, but his impersonation of the tragic hero is undercut by his weird resemblance to Soupy Sales.
You want to see what happens, even as logic tumbles, and there are fascinating undercurrents in the bargain.
The more Kurt Wimmer's screenplay reveals about the lead character's scheme, the more difficult it is to believe that Law Abiding Citizen is intended to be taken seriously.
Charles Bronson may have passed away, but the spirit of his Death Wish films lives on - albeit in an absurdly twisted fashion - in this gleefully over-the-top revenge thriller.
Implausible and pandering.
It's a "Who dies next?" slasher film masquerading as a revenge thriller.
Butler's character starts murdering people simply to get them out of his way so that his diabolically exact and completely preposterous plan can fully bloom.
The deaths do get nastier, but as the plot grows increasingly far-fetched, the effect isn't revulsion, or even suspense, but numbness.
If you're in the mood for a '90s-style thriller, you're better off renting a '90s thriller.
Avoid this drivel at all costs.
Its preposterous plot usually requires a generous suspension of disbelief. But for all of the promises of the narrative, which is filled with many genuine twists and shocks, the overall result is surprising flat.
A frustrating example of an intriguing premise and skillful execution gone formula.
Anyone who enjoys this film and feels that the 'point' had been made must sit in their own padded cell with nothing but a copy of the documentary Dear Zachary to see what a true miscarriage of justice looks like.
Strong performances by Gerard Butler and Jamie Foxx drive this smart, sharp thriller that will keep you guessing with shocks and surprises at every turn.
A smug, stupid, ridiculous, ham-fisted and morally and ethically reprehensible example of the crypto-fascist and ridiculously reactionary revenge genre that somehow manages to give such things a bad name.
Parental Content Review
Law Abiding Citizen is a satisfying (and at times funny) revenge movie that unfortunately loses its way in the last 20 minutes.
This is not just a bad film; it is a despicable one.
A pointless exercise in phony social commentary that has no idea what its real message is.
While it probably doesn't hold up to much scrutiny, it's still a solid, entertaining thriller.
The exploration of right and wrong, and its complicated lack of clarity, gets trammeled amid the bevy of explosions, volley of bullets and mounting body count.
It winds up feeling overwritten yet underexplained, foregoing plausible revelations in favor of gusty debate about the ethical challenges of practicing and upholding the law.
Vigilante movies hold a firm place in cinematic history, but for them to work, the vigilante needs to be a sympathetic anti-hero.
Director F. Gary Gray keeps the thrills coming at a relentless pace that leaves little time to ponder the Mack truck-sized holes in the logic.
A movie with no use for logic, or realism, or basic rules of what is and is not possible within our world.
Director F. Gary Gray seems to have picked up on some "Seven"-like aspects of the script to arrive at the film's visual look, but the effect it produces is more like "Saw V" crossed with every clichéd film about...a workaholic coming to appreciate his fam
The movie starts out as a potboiler with a troubling character arc; unfortunately, it ends up becoming a goofy, story-overwhelming Rube Goldberg contraption that would make the producers of the Saw series blush.
An exercise in illogic and Death Wish cribbing that lets a bunch of good actors collect big paychecks for playing way less than their A game.
The movie is not -- putting it courteously -- tightly constructed. The narrative shifts are jerky and the tone bounces around like a Jeep on a dirt road.
A particularly cynical brand of celluloid nihilism, in which über-wealthy movie producers finance their Hollywood mansions by marketing films to an audience feeling disenfranchised by the status quo.
A confused, contrived mess that would be laughable if it weren't so noxious and mean-spirited.
Like a lot of action-movie directors, Gray lacks the imagination to view the art of cat-and-mouse as more than a chance to play with state-of-the-art war technology.
When does a highly watchable movie stop being a beacon of enjoyment and turn into a morally reprehensible insult? For one, when its name happens to be Law Abiding Citizen.
All we're left with are ticking time bombs and a chunk of our own time that we'll never get back.
An implausible thriller with a few horror elements in the guise of social criticism.
A flagrantly ridiculous thriller that tries to retrofit Saw to function as a mainstream, semi-respectable vigilante picture about the failings of our justice system.
a slick cat and mouse where occasional splashes of gore substitute for any emotional depth or narrative context
Law Abiding Citizen goes well beyond the realm of, to use a piece of legal terminology, reasonable doubt and hits the hammer until it arrives at the neighborhood of sheer ridiculousness with its tires smoking.
Somebody call Charles Bronson.
A ridiculous, white-collar Saw.
Somebody has given Law Abiding Citizen a lethal injection of absurdity. Although I have to say, as ridiculous movies go, this one has its moments.
[E]mblematic of the unpleasant streak that runs through the American zeitgeist today... that we have to do away with... the rule of law and that pesky Constitution in order to 'save' America...
A low point for all concerned, actors Jamie Foxx and Gerard Butler, and director Gray (Italian Job), this is a silly, preposterous, sleazy and ultra-violent revenge drama pretending to say something meaningful about our faulty justice and legal systems
That the film, directed in swift strokes by F. Gary Gray from a screenplay credited to Kurt Wimmer, doesn't really work -- unrelentingly grim, unintentionally funny -- is almost beside the point. It's a wild concept.
One of the silliest action yarns in years...There's room for good pulp trash on screen, but lousy pulp, which is what this picture is, deserves a quick trip to the dumpster.
Go anywhere near this idiotic thriller and your brain may break up with you.
By the time a robot shows up in a graveyard to mow down the greater Philadelphia D.A. office, it'll take a heavenly force to keep most eyes from rolling.
The explanation of Clyde's methods is preposterous, but it comes late enough that F. Gary Gray, the director, is first able to generate considerable suspense and a sense of dread.
The big problem with the movie isn't the violence, or the message about coddling criminals, or the two lead actors, although they've never been worse. It's the utter implausibility.
Not only is it a hapless crime drama about outrage and revenge, it provides the sad spectacle of a movie far less intelligent than the one its filmmakers thought they were making.
Cinematic headcheese assembled from umami-laden scraps of Se7en, Saw, The Dark Knight, and The Silence of the Lambs, with fun twists and superb explosions. Just don't dwell on what it's made of.
What I mostly noticed is how quickly I've grown tired of Butler's mush-mouthed bravura, and also how much I hope that Foxx, who looks bored, holds his slumming down to this one film.
Saw with a conscience is not what the world needs.



@highlight

Unnecessarily violent and unflinchingly absurd, Law Abiding Citizen is plagued by subpar acting and a story that defies reason.