Alice in Wonderland is one of those tragic movies whose frame story is actually more interesting than the story itself.
The magic of this version of Alice in Wonderland is undoubtedly, in the Burton touch... [Full review in Spanish]
Though visually stunning, Alice In Wonderland is more funny than anything else (thanks mostly to Depp's Mad Hatter).
The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter." What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play. The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't have them already.
Storytelling has never been Burton's strong suit and his weakness is here compounded by a desire to somehow squeeze Carroll's topsy-turvy, logical-illogical tales into a teen-friendly, Disney-approved, big-screen adventure.
That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
Wobbles along as average entertainment garnered from a great book.
For all of the wild, 3D effects, eccentric characters and sly nods to its source material, the highlights ... are the performances of his two favorite actors--Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Carter.
Burton's imagination never lets up ... and while those 3-D effects do seem to fade into the background, you can feed your head on his Wonderland for the entire trip.
...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
More Disney than Tim Burton.
Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never really goes anywhere. Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
An endless series of tedious set pieces, flat characterization, lethargic visual effects, a waste of raw talent...
Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight. It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
The imposition of a fairytale quest structure turns the surrealist wanderings (and wonderings) of a free-associating dreamer into a brusque crash-zoom, as Alice hurtles towards her appointment on the good-versus-evil battlefield.
The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
A fun film with awesome visual design. I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic. Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de próteses, investe numa composição caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma espécie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D. But grownups? Well, not this grownup, who is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland. Kinda.
A head trip into blunderland.
Burton's personal stamp is missing. On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
For better or for worse, it's Burton's imagination that keeps the proceedings lively, even if its' not as blatantly humorous as we'd like.
Logic and proportion have seldom fallen so shruggingly dead
Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
It's a weak structure, thinly tied to the picture's tired and antiquated theme about Alice reclaiming her "muchness" and defying societal expectations.
The Tim Burton-Johnny Depp combo comes in colors and whimsy, but lacks tension
Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
La imaginación visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fértil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo. Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast. So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
Re-emphasizes the nagging impression that the director is stuck in a creative rut, making pictures that are a tad too well-suited for his idiosyncratic style.
Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it. It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
Not to say that Tim Burton's made a bad film, more that this is a missed opportunity.
Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
The look of the film is electric with amazing creatures and incredibly varied landscapes from lush to bleak.
Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never quite reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
Dulled down by a leaden epic formula, the plot becomes jerkily predictable on its Lord of the Rings route. Comedy and charming daffiness are sorely lacking--it's mostly ashen doom and gloom. 'Tediouser and tediouser!' cried Alice.
Quite tiresome in the end.
I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement. The imagery is bold and ravishing. Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
There is mold all over this "Alice," and while some of it features the brightest of greens, a lot of it is predictably grim, but not in the way that Burton fans have come to savor.
First-rate fantasy....made even better with digital 3D technology. Tim Burton can be hit or miss. This one's a hit. Paul Chambers, CNN.
I'm not sure what I would have wanted instead of this. All I do know is that this version of Alice and Wonderland, for all its razzle and its dazzle, left me feeling decidedly unmoved.
The fact remains -- Alice doesn't live here anymore.
It's something like a post-modern tale of self-discovery, although it works better as a nutty fantasy than as anything with a point.
Pese al flojo argumento, visualmente el filme es una fiesta, rescatando el oscuro estilo Burtoniano pero asaltado ahora por la rebeldía del color en una dirección de arte realmente preciosista. En este contexto, la realización brillantemente hace justicia
(Burton)is the perfect person to put in charge of translating the magical world that Carroll created to the big screen.
Alice, a wonder to behold, but cold.
The Tim Burton-Johnny Depp combo comes in colors and whimsy, but lacks tension
Tim Burton's latest assault on the senses is partially redeemed by Johnny Depp's brilliant acting.
...enormously entertaining...Depp gives a performance that must be seen to be appreciated. He shows here that he is something special.
I didn't find it to be the masterpiece I'd hoped for. It's good. It's very good -- and there are flashes of greatness within it.
Great visuals, but lacking in story.
If there was one adjective I could pick to describe this new adaptation, it would be "dispirited"
This creation is nice to look at but lacks energy, curiosity, or any kind of emotional draw.
This isn't so much a movie but the coffeetable book about the movie's production design...
With its busy world teeming with sights but somehow as hollow at its core as say, a rabbit hole, the movie is a little like a splendid feast for the eyes, and not intended for devouring. Or rather, a tantalizing travelogue a little heavy on tunnel vision.
21st Century Alice matures and enters The Matrix!
The visual splendor is more than enough to feast your eyes on, so it's too bad that the dialogue in the film couldn't live up to its look.
Alice in Wonderland reminds me most of Sleepy Hollow: empty, faux-atmospheric, and without soul.
I appreciate Burton's love for the characters as he expresses it through such creative wizardry. But, then, I also have a wistful feeling over the lightness of its total affect. A delicious snack but not quite a full meal.
The movie feels wrong. I liked the individual pieces but it never works as a whole. It's too much like Burton's other work and the 3D was awful.
Alice in Wonderland is a lovely display of Tim Burton's amazing offbeat aesthetics which win me over every time, but sadly doesn't make for very much of a film.
The off-kiltered Tim Burton version of Alice in Wonderland might frightened younger children, confuse older ones and bore the adults.
These aren't actors working in front of blue screens with obvious effects dubbed in later. You really are in Wonderland. Real life and CGI are seamless.
Visually, which is where this 'Alice' really radiates, there are many riches. Ken Ralston's visual effects are stunning and surreal; Colleen Atwood's costumes are dazzling; and Dariusz Wolski's photography is spot on.
Hooray! Tim Burton's amazingly bizarre 'Alice in Wonderland' helped snap me out of my 2010 movie doldrums.
Lower your expectations, because Tim Burton has created a great canvas, just not a great film.
...a feast for the mind, if not necessarily the intellect
This Alice is more Ripley, or Lara Croft, than timeless story heroine.
If you're taking pulls from the Blue Caterpillar's hookah atop his magic mushroom, you care more about Hot Pockets than narrative integrity.
The movie's strengths are the costumes, the makeup, the production design, the special effects, the vocal work and a terrific musical score by Danny Elfman that has a quality of magic and wonderment missing from the screenplay.
The images rival anything Burton has created for 'Big Fish' and 'Edward Scissorhands,' but the storytelling isn't quite as engagingly odd.
No background whatsoever is given, from initial intentions to their invariably sympathetic turns, to understand the motivation driving most of the character arcs...
"Curiouser and curiouser," says Alice in Tim Burton's latest, and for the first time I don't believe her.
Alice is a really good time, as well as a great example of how 3-D can be effectively used as a tool to immerse us in imaginary worlds.
a new story out of Carroll's mythmaking that fails to inspire interest, perhaps except as a rote exercise in mainstream weirdness.
...the visuals are overwhelming, the direction to most of the cast seems to be to chew the scenery, and we're back to a movie being released in 3D for no discernible reason.
Gorgeously mounted but fundamentally humdrum, Tim Burton's movie achieves sumptuous beauty with ease but fails to connect on a full-bodied emotional level, making for a pleasant but somewhat empty ride.
Rather than a Wonderland full of terrifying adventures and deliciously absurd whimsy, Burton has created the Underland, a place of terrifyingly, yet lugubrious, bad filmmaking. He dispensed with the whimsy altogether.
A visually stimulating rendition that nevertheless comes off as lamentably timid.
Visually splendiferous but wrongheaded, the movie is far more Burton than Carroll--and not very good Burton at that--and far less than enchanting.
There is very little to praise in what amounts to Burton's most mercenary movie.
It highlights Burton's usual strengths, along with no small number of his weaknesses.
Whatever your personal feelings are about Tim Burton and his body of work, the man is a genius.
This is easily Burton's finest work, and while he takes some liberties with Lewis Carroll's classic, there are plenty of traditional "Alice" traits to satisfy everyone.
He [director Tim Burton] beat the odds and made this Alice a real wonder.
Every bit of havoc and nonesuch is put in service of the story of Alice's feminist awakening, and it's about as exciting as it sounds.
It's become a common argument against Burton, this lack of dramatic drive, but it's true in this instance.
The beguiling Wasikowska tethers the arcane anarchy with weight and emotional clarity, anchoring us as moviegoers to Alice's plight in both universes, up and under.
Its single biggest failing -- an affront to Lewis Carroll and the charms of nonsense literature -- is the fact that it makes sense.
It's very cool to look at, Depp is entertaining, Helena Bonham Carter is memorably crazy, and the too-conventional you-go-girl plotline is just an add-on to the visual cake.
Despite its flaws, Wonderland is stuffed with more minute to minute amusement than you're likely to get in anything else drifting through theaters, in or out of the third dimension.
A stream of consciousness collection of magical encounters and whimsical characters.
The true three-dimensionality here is the old-fashioned kind -- Wasikowska's fully rounded performance. Throughout the technical razzle-dazzle, we keep returning to the pallor of that face, the gravity in those eyes.
The picture is oddly flat -- a disjointed pageant of virtuoso effects. It's a triumph of design that falls short of wonderment.
Visually stunning and sporadically amusing, but lacks thrills, heart and cleverness. It's ultimately too scary for little kids and too unimaginative, pedestrian and bland for grown-ups.
Despite its sluggish start, "Alice" is an enchanting, witty and funny adventure filled with marvelous sights and set pieces.
A visually imaginative fairy tale that suffers slightly from its predictable course but still manages to wow at all the crucial moments.
All new 3-D Alice story is trippy and intense.
Burton and Disney have found a glorious way to interpret fairy tales and fantasies.
You leave the theater with a pleasant grin on your face, but by no means is it as wide as the Cheshire Cat's, and that's a shame.
No knockouts here. No tkos, either.
Purists will be perplexed and the average moviegoer ultimately disinterested by director Tim Burton's pedestrian spin of Lewis Carroll's 1865 classic.
It jumbles together a half-dozen or so other overproduced fantasies and wraps them up with typical, tiresome Disney bromides and just enough snippets from the originals to remind you of what you're missing.
Tim Burton's muddled take on the classic Lewis Carroll tale has moments of lucidity but mostly seems as confused as its titular heroine.
Burton brings his distinctive touch and Johnny Depp, Mia Wasikowska and Helena Bonham Carter do their stuff but a hodgepodge of Hollywood conventionality lessens the wonder.
There are certain cine-marriages that generate an indelible spark all their own. Tracy & Hepburn, Bogie & Bacall -- and now we get Tim Burton & 3D, creating the world we hoped for, and so much more.
The trippy tale may divide audiences -- Burton's version remains a children's story, though some may find it too over-the-top and idiosyncratic -- but to Us, it's a visual feast
a decent movie, but not the amazing, mindblowing, set the world on fire, change your life and curl your toes film people expect and want.
This Alice is a dud. If you want to experience a strange, unworldly story%u2014something like Tim Burton films used to provide%u2014stay home and read the book.
Much of Carroll's magical nonsense remains, even if Burton's film wobbles at the gates of anarchy and ends up being a more average affair than many might expect.
Such a delightfully giddy, silly, delirious movie. Tim Burton isn't being "Tim Burton" but is just having fun again, scrambling up the expected pieces
Disney family fun with the odd carefully calculated dark patch. Fine on its own terms, but a let-down given the talent involved. Disappointinger and disappointinger.
I can't rid myself of the feeling that for all the funkily crepuscular mood that Burton creates, this is a pretty conventional work.
Rated PG, according to the MPAA, for fantasy violence and 'a smoking caterpillar.' The Jefferson Airplane would be proud; Lewis Carroll devotees, however, may be less than enthusiastic...
Impressive eye-candy, elaborate and gorgeously detailed in wall-to-wall CGI (the 3-D seems rather half-hearted though; this is one that won't suffer much in regular old 2-D).
The episodic nature of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland doesn't really lend itself to traditional three-act plotting, but screenwriter Linda Woolverton puts Alice through her Joseph Campbell reluctant-hero paces, and none of it ever sparks.
If it could be bottled up, the label would read "watch me."
A sumptuous, bar-raising cinematic portmanteau that both honors and complements the source material.
The film is like eating an amazing peanut butter and jelly sandwich except that Tim Burton forgot to cut off the crust. The beginning and the end could have been cut out.
On paper, Tim Burton and Johnny Depp loose among the Wonderland weirdoes, in 3-D no less, sounded sensational. But it's a rather bland, forgettable flick.
Burton's turned Alice in Wonderland into a silver screen suicide note, once again mistaking an extended stay in hostility as a directorial statement of integrity.
The wavering tone is as uncertain as Alice's decision-making, while the added-on 3-D is a distraction and as unconvincing as the entire misconceived venture.
Tim Burton seems to have completely misinterpreted his source material, but that's hardly a surprise at this point. It's more like his trademark.
What's shocking about Alice in Wonderland is just how woefully conventional it all is.
Is Alice In Wonderland worth seeing? Yes, because it's a feast for the eyes. But the story needed to be more imaginative and involving for this to become a massive hit, and it's far from obvious whether it's aimed at children or adults.
Burton doesn't just hit the bottom of the barrel but drills through the wood and starts tunnelling. Its only saving grace are the arresting, if familiar, visuals.
It's nowhere near his best work but a superb voice cast, Helena Bonham Carter and a few moments of brilliance see it through.
A film adaptation should, of course, treat its source material as inspiration rather than dogma. But did Burton have to get the books so entirely wrong?
It is time for Tim Burton to get his nose out of his own sketchbook.
A succession of chases and fanciful combats, more akin to Dungeons & Dragons than to Carroll, leads to a peculiarly truncated climax. The 3-D effects are enjoyable, but the added depth can't make up for deficits in the concept or the plot.
You cannot believe the dreadfulness of Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland - gifted director takes on gaga script - until you see it. Enchantment has gone thataway.
IBurton and Woolverton pursue a message of self-fulfilment, not as vigorously as they might chase a rabbit but to the same delightful end.
You leave the theater with a pleasant grin on your face, but by no means is it as wide as the Cheshire Cat's, and that's a shame.
Depp and Burton's take on the Wonderland franchise is frivolous and feckless, a charming little pleasure to welcome the warmer weather.
I found myself trying so hard to like Alice in Wonderland that the process of watching it exhausted me.
Burton, once a master of CGI, has gradually become its servant, or at least has allowed the studio to. The madcap ringmaster of Gothic phantasmagoria does not exert his individual stamp on a book one might have thought he was born to film.
CGI has not been good to Tim Burton. The ability to see every unrestrained nuance of his vision fulfilled has robbed his films of the creative zest and inventive verve which marked his earlier classics.
Burton's Alice In Wonderland joins the ranks of Return To Oz and Hook in confirming that it's rarely a good idea to return to the scene of a classic novel unless you have something new and exciting to bring.
Who'd ever have thought you'd be able to complain that a Burton film wasn't disturbing enough? If it wasn't for Johnny Depp's blissfully demented Mad Hatter, this would have all the suggestive menace of a pink fairy cake.
The film, overall, seems familiar, and one didn't used to feel that about Burton, which probably means he needs to dig deeper next time in search of true oddity.
After the first 45 minutes, the film becomes as tedious as Johnny Depp's accent.
This magical world looks fantastic, especially in 3D.
The visuals are stunning, as you would expect, but characterisation is weak, and Depp's turn is one bout of lunacy too far.
A generic, joyless adventure story.
It's a workmanlike effort that will enchant all but the youngest children while holding the interest of parents. That, by definition, makes for a worthwhile family outing.
Alice in Wonderland is, strangely, about the movie you'd expect based on the talent involved.
You would think that a director like Burton would be at home in the Lewis Carroll universe, and maybe that is part of the problem.
Faithful to Lewis Carroll's vision or not, I liked the ride Tim Burton took me on here.
Parental Content Review
A regretful dud, a fantasy without magic and very little heart and soul.
Did Burton get bored in Wonderland? The end result is a movie that is decently enjoyable escapism, but entirely forgettable in the long run.
Aggrieved feminist didacticism … What I don't think my daughters need is yet another case of Squelched Girl Syndrome, à la Monsters vs. Aliens.
Less a sequel to the original book than a sequel to the Disney animated version of the book, this movie is a wonder to look at, but a chore to sit through.
Burton and his team have put style over substance here, resulting in an uneven and frustrating experience.
When it comes to 3-D visual splendors, give me Wonderland over Pandora any day.
Clearly Burton's visual aplomb and ease with special effects mesh with Carroll's imagination.
this parable of how Alice must find the balls to chart her own path through the patriarchy of her Victorian wood to become a real, bona fide, 1960s-era bra-burner.
Curiouser and curiouser -- how does a film based on such fantastical source material end up, well, not so Wonder-ful?
Frabjuous!
It's more of a blunder than a wonder.
An exotic adventure tale about a young woman's trip to an alternate reality and the testing of her will power, resourcefulness, and courage in the face of weirdness and danger.
Burton, one of the great visual artists in Hollywood history, is incapable of making an uninteresting movie. Still, I'm not looking forward to the sequel promised in the last scene.
Even Disney and a PG rating can't bury Burton's subversive wit. Like Carroll, he's a master at dressing up psychic wounds in fantasy.
While Burton's production is often sumptuous to look at, it is surprising how boring stretches of the film can be.
Indecision haunts every frame. The result is a clattering, hectic spectacle that by the end has run out of inspiration. It's a home for abandoned ideas.
A, my name is Alice, and my movie is amazing.
Though it has a few moments where you can see Burton's imagination giving way to Disney convention, along with a bit of trademark Burton darkness, the pleasures of Alice are virtually always unexpected.
Carroll purists are likely to dismiss this Alice as spuriouser and spuriouser. But who expects a faithful adaptation of a literary classic from Timothy Beetlejuice?
It's best to keep your expectations reasonable, so you can enjoy the highlights.
His 3-D "Alice in Wonderland" is delightfully Burton-esque to be sure, brimming with the surreal and whimsical-macabre visual style we associate with the creator of "Beetlejuice" "Edward Scissorhands" and "Corpse Bride"...
The sweetly surreal feeling of those original books has been lost. What always felt like an English garden party gone slightly off has been replaced by the grotesque and the Gothic and the overdone.
In many respects, this is the most crowd-pleasing Burton film in many years.
Visually fascinating yet perturbing and scary, it's not a very young children's movie, despite the PG rating.
Repetitive, lacking narrative momentum
In its big-budget extraordinariness, Alice is awfully...ordinary.
Even considering the liberties Burton has taken with the original text, it's tempting to think that Carroll himself would consider him an altogether frabjous match.
A disappointment that's still worth seeing, Alice in Wonderland lands near the higher end of Burton's lesser work.
It's just hard to know why Mr. Burton, who doesn't seem much interested in Alice, bothered.
So how's the movie? Mostly frabjous. The visual palette is more artfully riotous than that of other Alice films, the performances more zestful.
Combines the heavy-handed clamminess of unneeded brand remarketing with the hateful hollowness of overdone and empty computer-generated imagery. ... With Burton's uninspired, underdone and underwritten version, you only feel like you're watching money.
Burton treats his material with abandon, but not contempt, and he has brought his Mad Hatter's imagination to a new generation who have not yet read the books.
This Wonderland is just listless, bland and derivative -- a mere technical undertaking from a disinterested filmmaker.
Sadly Lewis lite and not without flaws but this is as Burtonesque as one could wish for, a real treat for fans of his twisted imagination and great British character actors.
unfulfilling
The film is always fun, but as Carroll might have observed, it's not much of a muchness.
Gone: the liquid reality of dreams and a sense that anything can happen. In its place: another story of quests, destinies, and chosen ones.
What a letdown.
One pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small, and the pills Tim Burton gives you don't do very much at all.
[Depp's] wide eyes and high whimsy feel a bit derivative of his Willy Wonka (another collaboration with Burton), but he invests so much of his ample energy and instinct in these roles that it's hard to complain.
The most wondrous thing about director Tim Burton's take on the Lewis Carroll classic is how lacking in wonder it all is.
"Frabjous" may be a word Carroll invented, but Burton knows just what it means, at least in his own mind. He's clearly excited to invite us inside, and as long as you're open to so much muchness, you'll be very glad he did.
Considering what a to-do this massively budgeted entertainment is, that doesn't add up to much. "Curiouser and curiouser," indeed.
It might be time for Johnny Depp and Tim Burton to start thinking about seeing other people.
A stiff movie ... finds a way to make a lot of really weird stuff surprisingly boring.
Here's a riddle: What's Alice in Wonderland without wonder? It's a beloved character landing in the rubble of wrong-headed revisionism.
Did no one bother to mention to Burton that Lewis Carroll's 1865 story was not a Lord of the Rings primer but, in fact, a comedy?
It's extraordinarily beautiful, extraordinarily bizarre, and - although purists will pooh-pooh the new storyline - absolutely entertaining.
Tim Burton's creative juices run dry in a decidedly boring and bland interpretation of Alice in Wonderland.
A sharply detailed, wondrously three-dimensional fantasy in which its maker intuitively grasps so much of what's good about the tale while simultaneously blind to what makes it great.
Wonderful visuals, bravura performances and crazy conceits mostly pave over some potted characterisation.
Alice in Wonderland isn't quite the natural fit of director and material that it seemed to be on paper, but most of Burton's recent movies have been far more disappointing.
Its best and strangest interludes assert Burton's skills as a fantasist, as well as Depp's as a squirrely, inventive character actor.
Alice plays better as an adult hallucination, which is how Burton rather brilliantly interprets it until a pointless third act flies off the rails.
Alice in Wonderland is something of a mixed bag -- it's worth seeing for the effects and performances but it's badly let down by a very disappointing script.
An entirely suitable marriage of material and filmmaker.
Much of Underland is almost as gorgeous as Pandora, but what makes Alice in Wonderland work [are] the terrific comic performances.
Amid the visual pleasures, the plot additions feel limiting.
Tweedlee and Tweedledum could have come up with a more compelling pseudo-sequel concept and crafted a more cohesive narrative.
It looks like a CGI head trip gone postapocalyptic. In the film's rather humdrum 3-D, the place doesn't dazzle -- it droops.
Like Alice, Tim Burton uses his trip down the rabbit hole to reassert his "muchness". There is much to look at, as a result, but not much about which to wonder.
Purists will squeal, but it's a workable and watchable liberty to take with an oft-filmed yet impossible to film novel.
Burton's film feels no different than the formulaic The Golden Compass or The Chronicles of Narnia:The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Carroll purists and freshman English majors may be aghast at the change in story, but for those who watched Avatar and marveled at the images but were left wanting by the wooden acting and tired story, Alice is a treat.
It's as though the script meeting was held at the Mad Hatter's tea party, with all the ideas put in teacups and thrown against the wall - all of them seem to have stuck but in no particular order.
Kids will drool at Burton's spectacle - grown-ups too - but they might also find this isn't the nostalgia trip they hoped for. Where's the bottle marked 'Feel Me'?
A wildly inventive film straitjacketed in conventional narrative form.
Although the simplistic plot has been done before and smacks of Narnia and Lord Of The Rings, Burton's Alice In Wonderland is family fantasy/adventure at its Gothic best.
A magical feast for the senses with a kaledescope of animated touches that will delight both children and adults.
The visual inventiveness in this film is so impressive that it almost makes up for the ill-conceived script, which tries to turn Lewis Carroll's classic tales into a Lord of the Rings-sized post-apocalyptic adventure epic.
The most curious thing about this magical realist fable is how charmless and ultimately forgettable it turns out to be in the hands of Tim Burton.
A bore and an affront to anyone who is even familiar with the concept of Lewis Carroll and his books.
Curiouser and curiouser -- but then, mixing fantasy and free enterprise has always been the Disney way.
The challenge of reinventing Alice in Wonderland sees Tim Burton reinvigorated and refreshed. Visually stunning and filled with a delightfully deranged group of inhabitants, Burton's immensely enjoyable Wonderland is well worth a visit.
Alice In Wonderland is most certainly a lot of fun, with flashes of comic spark and occasionally interesting visuals, but considering the array of talent on hand, this tea party has been seasoned with a little too much sugar, and not enough spice.
Wasikowska is a standout in the title role. And, as to be expected, Depp thrives as the Mad Hatter.
It's a shame Burton gets his Lewis Carroll mixed up with his Tolkien and CS Lewis. Still, the film's 3D visuals are fun to look at.
An explosion in the crazy factory, the giddy Alice in Wonderland more than justifies its hype.
Alice in Wonderland is a well-paced, beautifully crafted visual spectacle that makes good use of 3D for a cracking cinematic experience.
...it is The Red Queen, played by Bonham Carter that shines the brightest. Her childlike villain is brilliantly played in all its giant head glory
Though Burton's film boasts some excellent performances, as the caterpillar says to our heroine, it's merely "almost Alice."
The new Alice is casually absurd, off-handed in its violence, and doggedly on message. The movie is not just three-dimensional but blatantly programmatic.
There's a lot to look at in Burton's Alice in Wonderland, but nothing that's worth remembering.
Tim Burton's version of Alice in Wonderland is a succession of fantastically gothic pranks--noisy, exhausting, and under-realized, but also frequently dazzling and frightening.
People who enjoy high fantasy like Carroll's classic work are more than happy to experience the insanity, but don't necessarily want to be driven insane themselves.
It's difficult to imagine another modern filmmaker doing this degree of justice to this well-worn but deserving children's tale. Tim Burton has created a classic for generations to come.
A bona fide, bums-in-the-air fiasco that needs to be burned and the ashes hurtled off in the direction of the nearest black hole as soon as you can, NASA.
Suffering from a severe deficiency of wonder, this Alice is by turns loud, lifeless and lacklustre, and so what should have been the perfect marriage of moviemaker and material instead does justice to neither.
Lord of the Rings and every woman-warrior myth you've ever heard of, with a Lewis Carroll overlay...His worst since Planet of the Apes or Batman Returns.
A really interesting movie.
You're not going to lose yourself in the story or the characters but visually Alice in Wonderland is a series of moving artworks that are a joy to gaze upon despite lacking any depth, even in 3D.
Burton, bless him, knows you can't CG a soul.
Tim Burton tosses $150 million down the rabbit hole with this gorgeously rendered -- but utterly disposable -- CGI epic.
The colours are dynamic, Danny Elfman's score is larger than life and Johnny Depp is magical
The mastery of Burton is the way he marries all the elements
... wrong-headed in pretty much every way it can be, poorly designed, loud, and worst of all, boring. It is a catastrophe as a movie, and as a place marker in the career of Tim Burton, it is a big fat dead end.
Director Tim Burton returns to his 'A' game with this magnificent, visually stunning movie that is not only one of his best, it is indeed a wonder.
The closest you'll get to absolute madness without being locked in a room with padded walls...a wondrous piece of escapism.
Alice in Wonderland is simply, um, wonderful . . .
Tim Burton's sensibility as imagist-fabulist fits the text, and though there's much to admire visually, the film unfolds as a series of set-pieces, lacking heart, dramatic continuity, involvement, and gravity.
Alice in Wonderland is a lovingly filmed and meticulously crafted interpretation of Lewis Carroll's treasured tale, rife with fantasy, coated in gothic iconography and presented by a superb cast who nail their characters' portraits.
Alice in Wonderland has its moments of delight, humor and bedazzlement. But it also becomes more ordinary as it goes along, building to a generic battle climax similar to any number of others in CGI-heavy movies of the past few years.
A fantastical romp that proves every bit as transporting as that movie about the blue people of Pandora, his Alice is more than just a gorgeous 3D sight to behold.




@highlight

Tim Burton's Alice sacrifices the book's minimal narrative coherence -- and much of its heart -- but it's an undeniable visual treat.