Sophie Okonedo beautifully portrays Laing as a confused and scared young woman who's forced to choose a color line, but not without her share of heartache and pain.
Intense family drama about race, identity during apartheid.
The most remarkable elements of the true story of Sandra Laing survive intact, despite a rather unremarkable bigscreen retelling of her life.
While it's important we never forget the horrendous evils of humanities past, Skin is sadly one social studies class too many.
Something akin to a Sunday afternoon TV movie of the week.
The storytelling maybe undistinguished but the performances power it.
Performances are impeccable, and location shooting in South Africa adds to the power of an impressive true story.
While conventionally told, this thought-provoking film features deeply moving performances and compels audiences to consider the issues it raises.
An extraordinary story, one that only real life could invent... You won't forget this film in a hurry
A haunting film that tells its unforgettable tale about a coloured girl, born to white parents in South Africa, with simplicity and heartfelt sentiment
Based on a true story, Skin follows the life of a black-skinned girl born to white Afrikaners in a society where segregation is stronger than family.
Laing's life, despite its inherent melodrama, does not automatically lend itself to the screen. And without the aid of a smart script or a prevailing sense of delicacy, a movie about her or apartheid risks being a blunt instrument.
From an increasingly vibrant cinema about South Africa.
Once the absurdity of the situation has been accepted, the film plays out like a made for television docu drama, with Sandra constantly challenged and overcoming...
Provocative.
Potent, still relevant and inspiring while maddening, Skin shows some of our best and much of our worst.
Every emotion is underscored with sugary music, every narrative plot progression telegraphed with the mechanical structural stiffness of a made-for-TV movie.
Great performances and a smart decision to avoid melodrama make Skin worth seeing but it's the small things that hold it back from being truly great.
Given the subject matter, I wish there were more outrage and passion in Skin, which plods from one huge event to another.
It feels hurried, looks cheap, and works overtime to simplify a complex, flawed character into a noble, tragic heroine. The film speaks fluent cliché.
This great film by Anthony Fabian tells this story through the eyes of a happy girl who grows into an outsider.
A powerful fact-based parable illustrating exactly how irrational and cruel racial bigotry is.
What takes that story of heartbreak and makes it ultimately heartwarming is that Sandra's story, much like the history of apartheid itself, doesn't end there.
By the end, the incredulity stems not from the fact that this happened but that the wider world didn't know about it before now.
Sophie Okonedo, so good in Hotel Rwanda, is fine here as well.
Director Anthony Fabian lets the story sell itself, and it does so partly on the strength of the lead performance by Sophie Okonedo.
Skin is a moving and smartly made account of a truly peculiar episode from the period of apartheid that existed as national policy in South Africa until just 15 years ago.
As told by director Anthony Fabian, Skin is both exasperatingly choppy and exceptionally moving.
Skin is a tragic, enraging, and uplifting tale.
A powerful story. However, there were no DNA tests in 1955. I have never heard of a 'genetic abnormality' creating a child who looks distinctly black -- Maury Povich would probably say, 'You are not the father!'
A frightening primer on how untreated racism can lead someone to abandon, even hate their own offspring.
A powerful and poignant drama set in South Africa about the toxins of racial hatred and the terrible after-effects of the dangerous and destructive passion of zeal.
This unadorned but affecting drama about Sandra Laing, who attracted media attention in the 1950s when her white parents fought the South African system, suffers from a one-note script, but still does right by its tricky subject.
On-location authenticity lifts poignant debut feature out of pathos and melodrama for a sobering lesson about racism and the dystopian reality of apartheid.
The direction is never more than conventional, with a tear-inducing finale better suited to a TV soap opera.
In a day when it's difficult to say something new about the racial divide, Sandy's story has a poignant power as it underscores just how deeply the fissures run even when it's all in the family.
We don't need overwrought performances to understand the calamity of her life or to weep when her parents turn their backs on her. If anything, the story demands restraint because, invariably at the movies, it's the gentle touch that hits harder.
The film's excellent screenplay and extraordinary acting trio of Okonedo, Neill and Krige bring a little-known historical episode to vivid life.
Based on a true story, his powerful drama tells an important story from Apartheid-era South Africa with honesty and real sensitivity. And the cast makes it thoroughly gripping by never playing it safe.
Powerful apartheid drama with a strong script, intriguingly complex characters and terrific performances from Sophie Okonedo, Sam Neill and Alice Krige.
Sophie Okonedo again shines in this unusual but fact-based apartheid drama.
Unable to probe the complex relationships engendered by a biracial society, Skin simply becomes an example of colorless, by-the-numbers apartheid cinema.
A powerful and compelling drama based on a true story that still resonates.
Workmanlike, but enormously moving.
A true-life tale of prejudice that hinges on a unique anomaly.
"Skin" is an Apartheid-era drama made with conviction and perspective by a promising filmmaker.
In a strong performance, Sophie Okonedo's character decides to stick to her own kind to the disgust of her dad in a sentimental tale played out amid South Africa's racist political system.
Skin is one of those worthy and watchable dramas that are un-demanding and a bit underwhelming. It should leave you with a big lump in your throat, but it's strangely unemotional.
It is salutary to be reminded 15 years after South Africa's first free election just what an iniquitous practice apartheid was.
An absorbing, worthwhile drama.
Very watchable in places with moving performances but not as brave or indepth as you want it to be.
Director Anthony Fabian and his team of writers have lost sight of the conflicts inherent in her story, relying on TV-movie cliché and tired, unsuccessful attempts at emotional manipulation.
An admirably understated central performance from Sophie Okenedo, supported by a fine cast, gives a human face to this true-life race relations drama, which never over-simplifies in favour of easy emotional wins.
The linear A-to-B storyline gives the film a TV movie feel, with an overdose of melodrama not helping matters.
Laing's troubled history is full of heart-wrenching tragedy and, for most of its running time, Skin is very effective. The trouble is, it feels quite small, more like a Movie of the Week than a fully fledged feature.
This quietly intelligent drama, based on a true story, finds a new way of dramatising race, class and society in apartheid-era South Africa.
If anything, you wish for a bit more bite and artistic daring.
The melodramatic, mediocre score runs roughshod over such subtleties and highlights how fundamentally conventionalised Skin is.
Only the conventional storytelling detracts from a film that serves both as poignant family saga and potent allegory.
A dull, stiltedly scripted potter through re-warmed liberal indignation and heart-on-sleeve emotion.
The early scenes are slightly stiff, and the acting uncertain, but this story of estrangement is sufficiently remarkable in itself.
You could hardly call this a timely film but it does remind us of the evils of racism and the misery it causes.


@highlight

Sophie Okonedo, Sam Neill, and Alice Krige do wonderful work in Skin , delivering performances whose strength is underlined by the incredible real-life events upon which the movie is based.