...a less-than-auspicious debut for a filmmaker who has gone onto bigger and better things (ie there was nowhere but up for Levine, really).
What we might actually call a "thinking man's slasher flick."
The film's ambitions are respectable, but it unfortunately doesn't live up to them.
This isn't a masterpiece, just a well made effort by someone who seemingly understands the pros and cons of how to deliver the shivers.
Too dumb for the arthouse, but too smart for the mall multiplex, the movie satisfies, paradoxically, precisely because it doesn't deliver on expectations.
The third act twist is what's made this one's inflated reputation, but it's what makes this more risible than a mere genre entry.
The movie is well-made, with more effort placed on building tension than on creating bloody payoffs.
A stylish and self-conscious teen body-count horror film.
The boys might love the title character, but it's doubtful many of them will like her movie.
Levine has fun with the genre, but he's found more interesting movies to make since. "Mandy" isn't quite dandy, but it's a cut above average.
"Mandy" is a sturdy little slasher film, nothing more.
I can safely say we could have lived life quite contently without ever seeing it, but it's hard to completely dismiss it.
Better never than late.
While some of the kills are sufficiently clever and gnarly, "Mandy Lane" is never particularly frightening. And the twist at the end raises the wee issue of character motivation-or lack thereof.
There's a slightly nasty twist to some of the violence, with an air of school shooter menace ultimately creeping in as the group's tormentor is revealed.
A slightly artsy attempt to revive the teen slasher movie, "All the Boys Love Mandy Lane" drifts awkwardly between popcorn entertainment and angsty mood piece.
Despite moments of black comedy and some memorable images, this 'debut' doesn't offer a lot to love.
It doesn't reinvent the genre, but it is a strong addition to the canon of films that fuse teenage anxieties of the body and social interaction with blood-soaked storytelling.
Writer Jacob Forman takes the possessive male gaze to its violent extreme. Mandy isn't much of a character, and that's the point.
Mandy Lane is sunshine and light, but we can sense the dark side everywhere as Levine blends his potent ingredients with the savvy of a Manhattan mixologist.
Despite early promise for a semi-interesting examination of teenage obsession, the film devolves into a standard, and not thrilling, body-count builder.
Not nearly thoughtful or incisive enough to subsist on thwarted expectations alone.
Imbued with a sense of constant calamity that is never a surprise, the movie becomes the same slaughterhouse of clichés it pretends to poke fun at.
For a film about the evils of peer pressure, this nonsensical thriller sure wants to play with the cool kids ...
Too good to abandon, but not some "lost classic" either.
It's a time trip worth taking, with moody lensing and a suspenseful script (by Jacob Forman) that offers more than just the usual bloodbath.
Levine's skills can't completely transform what is a severely underwhelming script.
If all the boys really do love Mandy Lane, I must be the exception.
A head-shaker of a twist undoes all the good built up in the beginning.
However smart its conceit or inviting its photography and music cues, the film is still about dumb, vulgar, witless teenagers being led to the slaughter.
One problem with "Mandy Lane's" attempt to poke fun at horror conventions is that it doesn't execute them well, which puts it in the position of trying to lampoon movies that are better than it is.
Here's a case where the backstory is more interesting than the movie.
While Levine employs a look that recalls the exploitation efforts circa a '70s drive-in, he doesn't have the same grasp on said material's button pushing provocation.
It makes 88 minutes seem like a lifetime.
The boys may well love Mandy Lane, but cinemagoers are best advised to stay well away from her and the shockingly abysmal film that bears her name.
Cluttered with obnoxious CW-scented teen characterizations, cartoonish parades of clumsy adolescent lust, and fruitless stabs of suspense, Lane is a rotten idea all around.
Dumb kids doing dumb things for dumb reasons.
So self-conscious that the movie feels like a feature length music video that's too busy admiring itself it the mirror to make any sense.
As it is, Mandy Lane feels bogus and compromised: an unreconstructed horror romp in the guise of a nerdish intellectual.
One of the more memorable teen-oriented horror movies of the last few years. As much a comment on the objectification of women as it is a grimy, violent, enthralling slasher pic.
A rather dull meat-and-potatoes slasher film front-loaded with lots of tedium where character development used to go.
The film is pretty good, but suffers a little bit from serious-itis.
Think of it as "There's Something About Mary" with a twist of "Friday the 13th"...
Mandy Lane isn't a masterpiece by any definition, but it is a fine and well crafted piece of work that a lot of care and attention to detail was put into.
May have an indie budget but equally evokes the rich landscapes of early Terrence Malick and the grimy grindhouse tales of the '70s, converging poetically into its heartmashing climax.
a feature length music video that's too busy admiring itself it the mirror to make any sense
A serial killer's wet dream peopled with all sorts of repugnant, rich, bored and terminally cynical Texas teens.
Like far too many modern horror films, All the Boys Love Mandy Lane flaunts its knowledge of classic genre fundamentals but fails to do anything very clever or surprising with them.
All the boys might love Mandy Lane -- discerning horror fans, however, will not.
Engaging, sharply acted slasher movie that's a cut above the usual rubbish, thanks to a decent script and impressive direction by Jonathan Levine.
with teenagers, there will always come a time when innocence must be lost - but Levine's film transfixes this moment with the sharpness of a razor.
A thoroughly derivative, boringly ordinary affair in desperate need of a hockey-masked psycho or razor-gloved ghoul to liven things up.
A silly, generic teen slasher/stalker move with a twist!
More of a dramatic freak-out than your standard teen slasher horror. Although the effect is exactly the same.
What distinguishes it from the slasher flock, however, isn't its kills, but its smarts: the extent to which it taps into the high school psyche and recontextualizes its usual sex-alcohol-and-drugs temptations.
Director Jonathan Levine's film displays an intelligence lacking in most teen slasher pics.
All the Boys Love Mandy Lane (is) the best modern slasher flick since Scream. In fact, I like All the Boys Love Mandy Lane a little more than Scream -- All the Boys may be knowing and post-modern as it begs, borrows and steals from films like Prom Night,
Lane isn't going to save the sorry state of the genre.
A partly smart, mostly dumb addition to the teen horror sweepstakes -- smart in how it neatly catches the petty, hurtful, sexy and druggy aspects of high school life, dumb in how it makes absolutely no sense once its resolution is known.


@highlight

Mandy Lane has enough wit and craft to spark the horror fan's interest, but is not sufficiently original for mainstream audiences.