As full as it is of a crushing, unconsoling force, I thought the relations between the protagonists, after a certain point, symbolically elusive and psychologically flimsy.
[F]or all the violence of the streets, this is less a crime film than a character piece, a love letter to the streets of New York's Little Italy and the young men rattling around like tough guys and fantasizing about becoming the real thing.
This marriage of indelible imagery with electric, seemingly incongruous pop songs wouldn't be bettered until, well, the next time Scorsese decided to do it.
Scorsese exalts cinema as the mediator of reality, memory and reverie, the demonic art that enthralls the church boy
Features an attention-grabbing performance by Robert De Niro, but I maintain that Harvey Keitel's excellent central performance has always been critically undervalued.
Authentic in feel and immensely personal in subject matter, Mean Streets marked the arrival of one Martin Scorsese and his unique brand of urban filmmaking.
showcases Scorsese's artistic strengths and weaknesses as they stood at the outset of his career
"Mean Streets" is more than a rambunctious time capsule of Italian American experience, it is groundbreaking film that announces the career of a truly original voice in world cinema.
Passionate, energetic, stylistically inventive and personally driven, it is the first mature, full blooded "Martin Scorsese Film."
Martin Scorsese's first great American crime story
"Mean Streets" is more than a rambunctious time capsule of Italian American experience, it is groundbreaking film that announces the career of a truly original voice in world cinema.
[I] commend it without reservation.
The movie's blazing energy is still astounding; the vérité street-scenes are terrific and Scorsese's pioneering use of popular music is genuinely thrilling.
A tight, intense masterpiece from Scorsese, writing collaborator Mardik Martin and the iconic stars.
The acting and editing have such an original, tumultuous force that the picture is completely gripping.
Scorsese is exceptionally good at guiding his largely unknown cast to near-flawless recreations of types. Outstanding in this regard is De Niro.
Exploring male camaraderie and street violence in a humorous, spontaneous, and nonjudgmental way, Mean Streets (Scorsese's third film) is arguably the most influential film of the 1970s.
A modern masterpiece where the setting is the star, even among a cast that is highlighted by Robert De Niro and Harvey Keitel.
The film feels authentic, the characters are true, the situation hopeless
One of the best American films of the decade.
This film showed the world that a major talent had arrived on the scene.
Doesn't do it for me, I'm afraid.
Terrific. Top shelf talent at the top of their game, working immediately before they would change Hollywood.
Scorsese's first masterpiece is still gripping.
One of cinema's finest moments....you'll never forget it
Perfected here are Scorsese's patented slow-motion cutaways, combination pan/tracking shots, ingenious use of pop music, and impromptu bloodbaths
The Godfather made the mob glamorous. Mean Streets made it real. Martin Scorsese's ferocious, grimy 1973 classic is just as good as Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece, but it shows us criminal life lower down the food chain.
...a gritty, one-of-a-kind, unromantic, down-and-dirty look at the streets of New York like no film had portrayed those streets and their people before.
Without exaggeration, you could make an argument for Mean Streets being the most influential film of the last fifty years.
The hilarious scene in which Charlie and Johnny Boy argue about Johnny Boy's debts in the backroom of a bar (a scene that was improvised) is alone worth the price of admission.
No matter how bleak the milieu, no matter how heartbreaking the narrative, some films are so thoroughly, beautifully realized they have a kind of tonic effect that has no relation to the subject matter.
While a product of its time -- freewheeling, energetic and raw -- Mean Streets is well worth seeing for the brilliance of De Niro.
One of Scorsese's true classics.
A true rough diamond, Scorsese's breakthrough may be uneven, but at its heart lies fledgling genius.
Its greatness lies in its leanness, with nary a word, a move, a gesture that's nonessential.
In countless ways, right down to the detail of modern TV crime shows, Mean Streets is one of the source points of modern movies.
Everyone involved brings a near-dizzying rhythm to this quintessential 'New York movie' and its collection of outsider-characters, all intoxicated on themselves.
I contend that Mean Streets (1973) is [Scorsese's] greatest work and his most underappreciated.
One of those movies that you should see, even if it is only to watch a masterful director's first superior film.
Scorsese gives us Catholic guilt, misguided loyalty and the urban nostalgia that would lead to such movies as Raging Bull and even New York, New York.
A ferociously original film.












@highlight

Mean Streets is a powerful tale of urban sin and guilt that marks Scorsese's arrival as an important cinematic voice and features electrifying performances from Harvey Keitel and Robert De Niro.