I chuckled, I giggled, I snickered, I hooted, I cackled, I chortled, I guffawed and I roared.
The duo also seems too focused on justifying their own controversial actions and harping on the humor element in the sequel.
...the film remains perfectly watchable for the majority of its appreciatively brief running time.
A resounding Yes for the Yes Men. A middling Maybe for The Yes Men Fix the World.
Like Jackass for the NPR set.
The Yes Men's bravery and unflagging sense of optimistically doomed humor -- which comes across as a quixotic version of Monty Python by way of Upton Sinclair -- is to be applauded and, wherever possible, acted upon.
Unfortunately, they risk seeming glib during this doc, which brandishes a cheekier, more self-congratulatory tone than did The Yes Men, its 2003 predecessor.
An entertaining swipe at corporate irresponsibility.
Beyond question, the results are overstated, outrageous and wildly, scatologically juvenile. But they're also a hoot to watch.
Bichlbaum and Bonanno don't just try to make the world a better place. They treat it as if it already were.
Gandhi may not have been known for his wicked sense of humor, but one gets the feeling he'd approve.
You can't fool all of the people all the time, but maybe the Yes Men can trick enough of them into doing what's right.
This follow-up is a little more spotty and unfocused than the first film. That we're this interested in their further exploits has more to do with their goofiness than it does with the quality of footage editing, assembly and such.
They are highly entertaining and I am sympathetic to most of their grievances.
Fleet and amusing.
When a British Channel 4 interviewer upbraids Bichlbaum for providing massively false hopes to countless Bhopal residents, I found myself siding with the interviewer, not the prankster with the alleged higher moral purpose.
Beyond question, the results are overstated, outrageous and wildly juvenile. But they're also a hoot to watch.
The film is entertaining in its own right, and thought-provoking. Why don't more people quickly see through their hoaxes?
Even if the Yes Men don't exactly fix the world in their documentary, they certainly give it something to think about.
This is a movie that does little more than preach to the converted. It's mildly amusing at times, but ultimately pointless.
When the butts of the jokes are mid-level losers at meaningless conferences, the guerrilla theater seems misdirected, even cruel.
A guerilla-style documentary which shows just how much havoc two guys with cheap suits and fake websites are capable of wreaking in corporate America.
The slice of life story of two masters of the modern hoax. More laughs per dollar than any other film fuel.
Intermittently funny and provocative, but it ultimately lacks enough bite, surprises and insight.
The only trouble with the film is that the pranks, though connected by the general agenda to expose appalling corporate practices, are too varied to be unified by any larger concrete goal. This works as activism but doesn't quite work as film.
Even if you don't agree with the Yes Men's political agenda, you'll get a big kick out of this movie.
Given the duo's withering take on capitalism, it's ironic that their stumbling second feature feels throughout like an infomercial for a shtick whose expiration date is rapidly approaching.
Interestingly low-fi, dialing down the smugness that choked out the original documentary. Fix is a comedy piece, but the directors have a better grasp on the balance between silliness and anxiety, which makes for a stronger film.
It takes some nerve, not to mention diabolical intelligence and financial resources, to pull off the elaborate pranks devised by the Yes Men.
The Yes Men Fix the World definitely shows they're one step closer to achieving their goal.
Clever and hard-hitting attacks on the dishonesty, greed, and ethical malfeasance of corporate America.
The anti-globalist performance guys who call themselves the Yes Men are masters of forging corporate rhetoric and media protocols.
The Yes Men are dissidents of such fearless ingenuity that you want to believe them at face value
It's fun, ballsy, edited with color, humor & hopefully will bring some awareness to the price of greed, and inject some ethics into discussions among the rich and powerful.
Even more so than in the previous film, The Yes Men Fix the World indulges in faux-naïve disappointment.
This movie is glorious testimony to the moral power of satire.
Funnier and more useful than Sacha Baron Cohen's Brüno.
Most of the ideas are admirable and pretty funny.
This is often a very funny film, made more relevant by a recession which began after the film was made. Michael Moore should watch out - he has competition.
Entertainment that tickles the justice-for-all glands.
You have to admire their ability both to pull off these stunts and to extract such honest expressions of greed from such corporate victims.
Occasionally funny and often audacious, but this is too smug to satisfy and too much like Ashton Kutcher's 'Punk'd' to be considered cutting edge.
Mildly diverting, but belongs on TV rather than cinema screens.
Their preposterous presentations are like art performances as much as political interventions.
This documentary is ragged and a little self-regarding. The stunts veer towards heavy-handed.
Although the two don't have the screen-grabbing charisma of other cultural agitators like fatso Michael Moore, as the film develops, you are left with nothing but admiration for the audacity of their stunts.
Optimistic and constantly amusing, the Yes Men are a force for the good. That, plus the knowledge that many of those free marketeering goons will have been crushed in the credit crunch, makes this a guilt-edged pleasure.
It's less a documentary than filmed performance art, barely concealing horror at capitalism's death wish.
A smart, thoughtful examination not only of the morality of capitalism, but of comedy - the Yes Men fret over the ethics of their prankery with a rigour that their corporate adversaries could learn something from.
The film, though brave, gonzo and often funny, raises the bar on the debate provoked by Michael Moore and Sacha Baron Cohen. How cruel does satire have to be - to innocent and guilty alike - to accomplish its missions?
Forget about "Bruno" or "Borat". This is the real deal when it comes to exposing the phoniness of those in positions of power.
Finds its titular merry pranksters up to yet more capitalist-critiquing chicanery and fat-cat-fooling fun.



@highlight

The Yes Men aim their barbs at the capitalist fat-cats with gutsy and hilarious performance pranks.