The Lives of Others is exquisitely tense, with massive stakes and a pervasive sense of danger.
Cinematic smugness has a fatal impact on the delineation of Wiesler's quietly heroic political calisthenics and The Lives of Others' supposedly uplifting denouement.
The worst crime that this film has to offer is pure old simple dumbness, paper-thin characters, and a plot that leans heavily on artiness to give it the look of a more serious thinking story.
Reopens our eyes to the cruelties and soul assassinations that were carried out daily in the name of state socialism.
The scope is especially impressive given that the movie is about a society obsessively focused on the tiniest of details.
Activism proves tough on people who've thrived at their political patrons' blessings, and one character cruelly chooses a path of least resistance when the chips are down. A cataclysmic conclusion depicts political clamps on expression and emotion.
If the filmmaker commits a crime, it's in pushing the [Stasi] character's rehabilitation slightly too far--about as much as the weight of a teardrop.
A truly unforgettable movie.
Although Henckel von Donnersmarck has a number of genuinely good ideas ... the film is marred by redundancy, indecision and clumsiness.
Not since Francis Ford Coppola's masterful The Conversation has there been a thriller quite like this.
The best foreign language film of the year is also one of the year's best overall.
A multi-layered and surprisingly touching dramatic thriller.
The Lives of Others is a powerful but quiet film, constructed of hidden thoughts and secret desires.
The Lives of Others illustrates, with only a dash of sentimentality, the truth that integrity leads to vulnerability and sacrifice.
The Lives Of Others' obedient, obsessed spy in an exceedingly odd sense may have much more of a handle on the lives of others than, say, the filmmaker, who himself was around six years old at that time period of the former GDR.
The best foreign film Oscar-winner is a tautly plotted political thriller of moral heft and fierce intelligence. A masterpiece.
The Lives of Others aims to flatter its audience - a quality typical for a film whose emotional posturing is only skin deep.
Actually one of the most optimistic stories I've watched in a long while.
A beautifully mounted movie that's difficult to shake.
a mesmerizing, heartbreaking thriller
How surprising that a new German film would teach Americans about human faith at a time when acclaimed movies like Borat lack faith.
a finely nuanced screenplay into whose naturalistic dialogue an intricate array of suggestive symbols and recurring motifs are subtly folded.
Una notable mirada a la vida bajo un régimen opresivo, en este caso la RDA de 1984. Sorprendente debut del director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, con excelente elenco y calidad narrativa.
Von Donnersmarck moves certain sequences too slowly, but matches his tightest suspense with human intrigue.
You know within minutes of watching The Lives of Others ... that you are in confident, authoritative hands.
Few films have dared paint East Germany and its legions of demons in such honest and unsparing detail. Von Donnersmarck puts a pickaxe into the past.
Reels us in and keeps us engaged.
This fierce and gloomy drama, written and directed by first-timer Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, was a notable winner of this year's best foreign film Oscar.
... a moving, enlightening tale of recent times.
Engaging, gripping and emotionally devastating thriller with a razor-sharp script, taut direction and terrific performances from its three leads. This is one of the best films of the year.
... you just cannot help but watch...
... when a filmmaker confronts you and makes you truly understand the lives of his characters, that insight takes your breath away.
A harsh history lesson that looks back at the drab East Berlin of 1984.
... von Donnersmarck creates a milieu so realistic that the attention-worthy setting becomes just a backdrop, while an intricate tale, as suspenseful as it is humanistic, takes over.
Twisting perspectives on lives, actions and consequences, this magnificent film satisfies on every level
...resolved through a couple of endings, one brutal and tragic enough for the old Greeks, the other graceful and uplifting ...
Good drama it is, and it's drama that raises a lot of questions, but I found it less tense than many.
Subtle and delightful - please see review.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's film is a melodrama in a minor key, quietly affecting, quietly chilling, quietly quiet. It captures the drab architecture of totalitarianism, the soul-dead buildings of a soul-dead state.
Writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck is a master of tone and place.
Will remind some of 'The Conversation,' but a closer if less obvious link is 'Fahrenheit 451': Wiesler is essentially Bradbury's conflicted 'fireman,' Montag, transported from a dystopian science-fiction future to a dystopian historical past.
Pan's Labyrinth deserved to win the Best Foreign-Language Film Oscar, of course, but the Academy's selection of The Lives of Others hardly qualifies as an outrage.
As a Cold War thriller, The Lives of Others is gripping stuff replete with the nuts and bolts of all-encompassing surveillance.
Relative newcomer screenwriter and director Florian Henkel von Donnersmarck makes a remarkably self-confident and promising debut with the tensely sublime film The Lives of Others...The Lives of Others is a rare film achievement, arguably a "perfect" film
[S]trange and beautiful and hopeful and ironic... This is an amazing film.
Like all great screen performances, Mühe's magic comes out most in its tiniest moments: a raised eyebrow here, a slight upturn of the lips there. It's a triumph of muted grandeur; it's like watching someone being born.
Offers potent, eye-opening drama, as well as poignant characters that are caught up in a repressive, evil system. It's a movie not to be missed.
von Donnersmarck makes a breathtaking debut with a gripping and fluid drama that works as political thriller, psychological study and even ... a touching love story.
Builds tension and develops its characters slowly, and it is surprisingly engrossing.
Makes you fall for its characters, then turns your stomach as they confront principles and try to maintain moral clarity, confronting Berlin Walls of their own psyches.
Though likely cathartic for his countrymen, Donnersmarck's airing of German dirty laundry could have used more agitation.
Works as a dramatically compelling indictment of a particularly odious regime, but also as a commentary on the corruption of power in the broadest sense.
The formal mechanisms are so obvious and impersonal that they flatten our modes of thinking and feeling almost as much as the propaganda films that a regime like East Germany's would have approved.
A cautionary metaphor about the cost of maintaining one's humanity and the transformative powers of art and imagination.
Its suspense builds on the fragile and nuanced business of emotional rebirth.
A political thriller that's consistently as inventive as it is creepy.
Few would deny that The Lives of Others is true to its self, and in its depiction of human nature -- and human spirit.
Watch it, and you may get the feeling it's also watching you.
...let's hear it for the Academy: They got this one right.
Von Donnersmarck's story is not without a blatant non-Communist calling card, or even a moment or two of melodrama. But he zeroes in on the value of the individual in an era where such a value was not supposed to exist.
Poised between Kafka and Tom Cruise, The Lives of Others is the sort of movie that constantly engages you. You never know what's going to happen next, and it's all done with a precision and intelligence that's rare in movies these days.
An absorbing look at the period and events that seem distressingly relevant today.
The most unforgettable, electrifying German film in more than a decade.
Wiesler is also an audience member, translating, assessing, and shaping the lives of others so that they accommodate his own expectations, even as such expectations are, he realizes, shaped by other "others."
Of the many things that happen in this surprising, sad and astonishing movie, none is more staggering than Wiesler's evolution from lowly bureaucratic beetle to humanist.
Morally complex, beautifully shaded and filled with fascinating characters, this debut film from director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck brings us into a world that severely tests moral fiber.
It is Ulrich Muhe's portrayal of Wiesler that makes the film such an impressively humane political thriller. The muted shifts in Wiesler's character suggest that when you truly engage the lives of others, you open yourself to profound change.
Set, appropriately, in 1984, The Lives of Others weaves a compelling human drama into a chilling portrait of polite totalitarianism.
Just from an entertainment standpoint, wondering what decisions the characters will make, and what the consequences might be, makes for edge-of-your-seat tension despite the movie's quietly thoughtful tone.
An intricately plotted thriller about good people who do bad things and bad people who do good, Lives thrives on the power of historical truth, the excitement of an intelligently imagined yarn and the unpredictability of human behavior.
To watch Lives is not just to enjoy a fabulously constructed timepiece; it's to appreciate a deft cautionary tale.
The movie becomes more than just a spy thriller; it's a story of an unlikely friendship that turns an enemy into a best friend.
This is from a first time director, so you see somebody who's just got a great career ahead of him.
Helmer/screenwriter Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, making his feature film debut, hits all the right notes here.
I like melodramas. I also like the way this one downplays the dashing, conventional hero in favor of zipped-up Wiesler, who has understood (rather late, I think) that his bosses have no principles, only power.
What you're likely to take away from his Oscar-nominated drama in the foreign-language category is a sense of hope that feels neither forced nor sentimental.
Far and away the richest and most brilliantly acted picture to be released this Oscar season.
This is an elegant film that deserves to be a classic -- and an Oscar winner.
[An] accomplished first feature.
A movie of slowly accumulating tension and power, Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's drama -- a foreign language Oscar nominee, with a good shot at winning -- is also a romance between two men, but not the way you think.
... an unexpectedly bracing story of idealism, disillusionment and defiance.
Somber and watchful, like the people whose story it tells, The Lives of Others brilliantly abrades our perception of the 1980s as a time when the only history worth remembering was being made by Wham! and Duran Duran.
The exceptionally acted film, nominated for a foreign-language Oscar, is an incisive character study, a suspenseful paranoid thriller and a vivid recreation of recent history.
The Lives of Others works beautifully, both as a social and psychological drama and as a taut, tightly wired thriller.
Donnersmarck's confident direction suggests a fundamental question about why governmental wiretapping seems fascistic when performed in other countries, but permissible here.
A scathing indictment of East Germany's corrupt administration tempered by the very human emotion of the people it touched.
Scary and realistic ... a much deserved Oscar nominee.
"The Lives of Others" is a gripping character drama that unfolds into an unexpected thriller through a complex script that is made remarkably clear by the exceptional performances.
If this doesn't get the Foreign film Oscar, there's no justice in this World.
Catnip to audiences who never heard of The Lost Honor of Katharina Blum.
The Lives of Others isn't just good it is damn good, an instant masterpiece of paranoia and forgiveness with echoes of Coppola, Wadja and Bergman all rolled up inside one fantastically intoxicating package.
A genuinely thrilling tale, leavened with sly humor, that works ingenious variations on the theme of cat and mouse, speaks to current concerns about personal privacy and illuminates the timeless conflict between totalitarianism and art.
A disturbingly accurate depiction of a national nightmare that ultimately transcends its immediate political statement to stand as a future classic of the political-thriller genre.
Writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's movie about the stirring of a cold, Communist soul manages to be both painstakingly docudramatic and moistly idealistic at the same time.
Moving and deeply satisfying.
Bleak yet never completely despairing, this superbly acted and richly atmospheric film has a gravitas and thematic complexity that's sadly absent from most contemporary American films.
Despite its melancholy drama, cynical details and depressing backgrounds, The Lives of Others is both an unflinching look back at that nation's past, and a hopeful glance forward to its future.
The skillfully acted and directed The Lives of Others is a timely warning about governments that seek to repress dissent.
A riveting drama about playwright Georg Dreyman (Sebastian Koch), his actress girlfriend Christa-Maria (Martina Gedeck) and the Stasi agent who has wired their apartment and is spying on them in East Berlin.
It is an emotionally powerful movie that doesn't leave you when you walk out the theatre doors.
Writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck gives his debut feature, The Lives Of Others, no particular style, and the absence of visual risk-taking renders an exciting premise ponderous and stolid.
Donnersmarck delivers something extraordinary: a thriller that's entirely adult in both its concerns and perspective which manages to be thoroughly gripping.
Human nature trumps all in [this] thoughtful, engrossing tale of intrigue and instinct in 1980s East Germany.
Von Donnersmarck proves himself beyond doubt, moving with purpose toward a grace note of quiet benediction.
If the story of a stodgy but conflicted Stasi captain gives sympathy to a historical devil, it also allows for an intriguing angle on the evergreen cinematic theme of voyeurism.
The Lives of Others is a supremely intelligent, unfailingly honest look at a shadowy period in recent German history.
A refreshing alternative to the whimsical and nostalgic look back on Communist life in Good Bye Lenin!
The first great movie of 2007 and one of the best political dramas to come along in recent memory. Does that sound a tad hyperbolic? I don't care--I'll say whatever it takes to get you into the theater.
...ultimately undone by the glacial pace with which the filmmaker has infused the proceedings.
Avoids predictability and cheap shots in favor of a bracing drama that surprises and occasionally shatters. The Lives of Others reminds us of what filmmaking can be at its finest.
The Lives of Others is the best surveillance movie since The Conversation.
Rich in authentic period atmosphere and performances, but sabotages its best efforts with a sentimental payoff.
The director is fortunate to have cast actors who fully embody their roles.
Combines a Cold War thriller, a love story and a Dostoevskian tale of sin and redemption. Go see it.
A riveting German film about spying and the fear, distrust, and betrayal that come with it.
Brings the large and small betrayals of the doomed republic to paranoia-inducing life.
The filmmaker's control of story and pacing is so wily, his script so literate (in his feature debut, no less), that to reveal much more would interfere with the thrill of the tentacled plot's twists.
A neatly crafted thriller with first rate acting, directing and writing combined with spy paraphernalia and political intrigue. Fully deserving of its status as Germany's Best Foreign Film Oscar nominee.
This fascinating look into the effects of the Stasi on the East German arts community sets Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck apart as another German filmmaker to watch.
It's hard to believe this is von Donnersmarck's first feature. His storytelling gifts have the novelistic richness of a seasoned master.
The Lives of Others is a compelling thriller but an unsatisfying character drama.
Whether or not this is the best foreign language film of 2006 is debatable, but there should be no argument that it is deserving to be numbered among the elite non-English language productions receiving international distribution.
A gripping tale of nightmarish voyeurism and the psychological abyss that elevates von Donnersmarck's European nail-biter. [A] sleek and intrusive communist caper.
A cunning piece of construction -- a Kafkaesque tearjerker, a tragic farce.
If there is any justice, this year's Academy Award for best foreign-language film will go to The Lives of Others, a movie about a world in which there is no justice.
Un film sur le courage et la détermination en temps de crise comme on aimerait en voir plus souvent.
Not only expertly captures a specific point in history, but also offers a bracing examination of human nature.
This study on totalitarianism breaks new ground with its examination of the lives of its characters under the yoke of "democratic socialism."
...while the genre often reflects paranoia, von Donnersmarck succeeds in hammering home how the right to privacy is integral to our human makeup.
The Lives of Others conjures up a truly memorable, patient and very moving payoff.
One of the most amazing films I have ever seen on the subject of the state's control over the lives of individuals, both through modern instruments of surveillance and an ingenious ability to recruit and persuade even family members to spy on each other.
A blistering indictment of Germany's substitution of one Kafkaesque regime for another, as well as a human reminder of how some reviled instruments of repression turned out to be more complex than we ever dreamed about.
Von Donnersmarck has crafted the best kind of movie: one you can't get out of your head.
A strikingly impressive film debut.
In short, it's perfect.
Através dos personagens ambíguos, de um roteiro muito bem construído (e politicamente relevante) e da direção sóbria e segura do cineasta estreante, o filme comove, incomoda e faz pensar.
A stunning, even electrifying view of communism in EastGermany as a soulless regime.
It's so beautifully made, that people tend to oversee it's weak character transformation that's at the heart of the script, which strikes the drama's credibility.
A startling political thriller and the year's most urgent and important film, you owe it to yourself to see this beautifully written and directed movie.
It's one of the great moviegoing experiences of the year.
It has a heart you believe in and a working brain to match.
A potent narrative about the transformative effect of involvement in other people's stories, Lives turns its own story into a python-tight embrace of nuanced tension and emotional connection.
Judging by the film's success in Germany and its enthusiastic reception at this year's Telluride and Toronto film festivals, it's a good bet that many moviegoers will feel similarly moved. Personally, it gave me the creeps.
It's precisely by challenging our need for good and bad stereotypes that makes this film ultimately captivating and, with the twists in the end, highly rewarding.
Announcing the arrival of an extremely gifted director, this is at once a fascinating political thriller and a touching human drama that chronicles the shattering impact of the Secret Police not only on its citizens but also on its own officers.
It's a great, tense story, and doesn't play simple good guy/bad guy...the characters on both sides are human, all giving lip service to a greater ideology that no-one is actually upholding.
Foregoes all the pyrotechnics of flashy thrillers and high-strung spy mysteries for something that gets under the skin. A highly intelligent character drama that passes through the brain before reaching the heart.
A fascinating look into the political and psychological underpinnings of communist control in the former German Democratic Republic.
The complex but lucid script and Hagen Bogndanski's sombre noir camerawork serve not only to establish a brooding atmosphere of fear, doubt and suspicion but to create a suspenseful thriller of political and moral relevance.
Perfect plotting, sterling story structure and ideal casting by writer-director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck. Where has this guy been?
What's most impressive about The Lives of Others is how smoothly it blends politics with both the traditional elements of thrillers and unabashed sentimentality.
Subtle script, superb cast, sensitive direction -- no wonder this film swept the German equivalent of the Oscars.
Like the omnipresent tentacles of East Germany's onetime secret police, The Lives of Others grips like a boa constrictor.





@highlight

Unlike more traditional spy films, The Lives of Others doesn't sacrifice character for cloak and dagger chases, and the performances (notably that by the late Ulrich Muhe) stay with you.