... the formula is the same as when Strathan was behind the wheel... [Full review in Spanish]
I have no idea what this franchise was refueled with, but if I was forced to wager a guess I'd probably say possum piss.
There is only one possible conclusion: The Transpoter Refueled was made by crazy people.
The Transporter: Refueled contains the single most redundant moment I've ever seen committed to film.
The Transporter Refueled isn't bad. Though it's still unnecessary.
Despite decent performances and chemistry between all the actors, The Transporter Refueled is a pale comparison to the original material that inspired it.
What a shame Delamarre's sense of occasion couldn't be used for something less inane.
Overall, it feels like no real thought went into neither the writing nor the production process to make The Transporter Refueled a must-see actioner. It may be 'refueled' but it sure looks like it's running on empty.
As an heir apparent to a Louis Leterrier spectacle, it hasn't an extremely high bar to reach, and yet it still turns the process into a boring bodge job.
Ed Skrein takes the wheel from Jason Statham's underworld driver for this relaunch of the action thriller franchise but there's not much gas left in the tank.
Sticking to its roots, the movie shows us an impeccable fighting and driving machine, but not much else. [Full review in Spanish]
You have believe the unveliebable if you want to ba able to enjoy this one. [Full review in Spanish]
Like James Bond, wilfully anonymous driver Frank Martin is reborn as a new actor without any fuss, shifting the tone of the franchise from Jason Statham's knowing wink to Ed Skrein's stone-faced glower.
In spite of the "unexpected" plot twists, the movie is predictable and barely holds up for its 90 minute running time. [Full review in Spanish]
An exciting, pleasantly mindless way to blow 101 minutes.
Don't think too hard about it or you might ruin the ride.
For each deliriously silly action sequence, Refueled offers long scenes of tired genre conventions played straight.
The movie is running on empty, with the same sort of insane plot and laughably unbelievable stunts that made the first three movies hardly worth the trouble to begin with.
Stupid. But not in a good way. Just plain, insufferably stupid. The movie objectifies the women in exactly the same way the villains do. In a summer that saw the rise of Imperator Furiosa, I'm sorry, this just won't do.
It appears that this franchise has hit a dead end, running on nothing but fumes.
Worst movie of the year.
Talk about your mindless entertainment! The acting in this thing is worse than deplorable. Had the acting been any better, the film wouldn't have worked. But it's clear that nobody is taking anything seriously and it is somehow strangely enjoyable.
Bad script, bad cinematography and bad acting... everything is wrong in this movie. [Full review in Spanish]
The Transporter: Refueled conclusively proves that this series' mild success has been a result of Jason Statham's magnetic turn as the central character...
What exactly is the point of a Transporter movie without Jason Statham?
There is more intrigue in one of Stevenson's winks than in the entire plot, though, to be fair, Skrein does a good job of staying unrumpled in even the most violent tussles.
So many amazingly absurd things occur during the course of "The Transporter: Refueled" that it's almost easy to forget that the basic idea driving this fourth installment is itself nonsensical.
A breezily paced car chase film that does exactly what it says on the label.
Despite a lot of shortcomings and undercooked elements, The Transporter Refueled is a mildly entertaining action film.
The original movies weren't exactly Kubrickian in their construction, but Refueled plays out like a 14-year old's Transporter fanfic.
Cheap silliness abounds, including car chases that are more about loud crashes and CGI than the thrill of speed.
The Transporter made Jason Statham a star. The Transporter Refueled won't do the same for fellow Brit Ed Skrein.
There aren't enough showpiece numbers for Skrein, at least not of the quality that Jason Statham has had.
It's the cotton candy of action films. It's fun while you're enjoying it, but not something that you'll remember.
'The Transporter Refueled' has a ludicrous and wafer thin plot, but fans of the franchise will enjoy it; an action packed guilty pleasure.
The Transporter Refueled feels more like an ad and less like a movie... ll the makings of a quick 30-second TV spot for a new fragrance or a new car.
Jason Statham is gone but not forgotten in this silly, energetic romp that is so brazenly sexist that it almost qualifies as satire.
The fourth "Transporter" movie is broken down, out of gas, and any of a dozen other dead car metaphors.
I made the horrible mistake of watching Mad Max: Fury Road the night before this. It was like hearing the London Symphony Orchestra perform and then listening to a five-year-old smash his hands into a Casio keyboard.
A game, if ultimately futile, attempt to carry on a series whose greatest asset has departed.
Transporter without Jason Statham never gets past starting line.
There is no excuse for perfunctory car stunts and leaden fist fights. You may as well sell us a 99 without the Flake. Or the ice cream. Or the cone.
With its overuse of slow-motion and lack of any actual performances, The Transporter Reloaded is a hilarious overblown joke that everyone is in on except for the cast and crew who take everything way too seriously.
Not a perfect sequel, [but] good enough film to keep the franchise in play - thanks in part to some charismatic performances.
The double standard of sexual exploitation leaves overriding foul-smelling fumes in the air.
If you try to do a Transporter movie without Jason Statham, this is what you get, so let's not make that mistake again.
In these 96 minutes of stilted dialogue and a plot that needlessly loops back on itself, you will find The Transporter Refueled dutifully following the rules and predictabilities of the action genre and not much else.
Were it not for the dreadful "Fantastic Four," this would easily be 2015's most unnecessary and worthless franchise reboot.
"The Transporter Refueled" is colossally stupid and devoid of snowballing madness, successfully putting a once soaring and silly franchise to sleep.
Low octane.
This misogynist claptrap has been left in the dust by Bourne and the newly re-invigorated Bond franchise and deserves to be returned to sender.
While Skrein has the physical attributes to carry off the hand-to-hand confrontations, he does rather lack the latent sense of threat and deft comic timing exhibited by his predecessor.
The samurai code of Transporting has been ditched, the budget slashed, the product placement upped through the roof. And it's the first of a threatened trilogy.
An endless NASCAR race trapped in a neverending circle, going round and round and round for eternity with no beginning and no end.
While [Skrein's] efforts are sincere, he's not as effective as Statham.
Precisely the sort of movie for which the term Eurotrash was invented--loud, slick, vacuous and stupid.
Transporter 4: Statham Has Left the Building.
The 32-year-old Londoner Ed Skrein steps into the lead role... and into a strange world of fictional criminality where all women are prostitutes, all men have stubble and know karate and police helicopters have yet to be invented
"The Transporter Refueled" is crass and nonsensical, but it is hard to hate ...
A sizzling, action-packed thrill ride and a pure rush of adrenaline! Ed Skrein is a charismatic, debonair actor star.
Refueled isn't a good movie by most metrics, but it is consistently committed to mainlining the basest action-movie pleasures at the expense of damn near everything else.
They could have called this one something else entirely - "The Driver," say, or "The Courier" - and the way it sold the movie's uniqueness would have been just as legitimate. Or just as forced.
Only the ultra-impressionable will be thrilled: not a single blow in its posy, prop-dependent fight scenes looks as though it connected, let alone hurt.
I've seen lines at the post office that moved with more urgency and passion than "The Transporter Refueled."
One doesn't make Jurassic Park without dinosaurs or Fast & Furious without racing cars, so why would anyone in their right mind do a Transporter film without Jason Statham?
In the shadow of The Stath, it doesn't stand up - and the original films weren't masterpieces in the first place.
The Transporter Refueled is big, brainless fun and just the sort of amusement the back-to-school crowd might crave.
Is there such a thing as a low-octane thriller?
"The Transporter Refueled" should be put up on blocks.
If all you wanted was a movie that fetishizes the tools of the Transporter's trade - read: vehicles and violence - then you'll have no problem with this revival
"The Transporter Refueled" is the perfect way to reboot the series. It's mindless entertainment with enough thrills and chuckles to make the time pass painlessly. Just don't examine anything too closely.
The Transporter Refueled is shamelessly derivative, but it's a good show.
Refueled? It is running on empty from the start.
Those who enjoyed the first three "Transporter" flicks and helped turn them into a mediocre, cumulative hit will get what they want, though with brutish Mr. Statham replaced by dreamy Mr. Skrein.
I'd feel fine endorsing it if you could see it for free.
Producer Luc Besson is determined to wring every last euro out of this concept, having also taken it to TV in recent years. The gas gauge is reading "empty."
It's hard to deny the hedonistic joy in the way Delamarre plays with his various toys, and the goofball stunts ... are generally worth wandering through the dialogue desert.
"Refueled?" No. Recycled? Yes. Totally.
Muscular pretty boy Ed Skrein takes over for Jason Statham in this fourth installment of the popular action franchise, though the real stars are the stunt performers. The elaborate, violent set pieces are impressively orchestrated.
So what good is that franchise without Statham literally driving it? Not a lot.
Skrein acquits himself as the new Transporter, especially when the editors go full-throttle Jason Bourne on his fight scenes in the editing room. But he can't win against stupidity.
Feels less like an action movie and more like a checklist for an action movie, a generic run-through of every trick and trope of the past three decades jammed into 90 minutes.
The titular Transporter is now but a blank slate serving the characters and mayhem surrounding him, a walking metaphor for a franchise that's run out of gas.
"The Transporter Refueled" is an unnecessary bore from start to finish, one that even the most devoted Luc Besson fanatics ... will find difficult to defend.
I mean, at least it's no 'Taken 2.'
There are different kinds of dumb, and some are more enjoyable than others.
The original "Transporter" films were hardy filet mignon - more like Hamburger Helper. "The Transporter Refueled" feels even more bulked up and bland, Hamburger Helper Helper, a re-launch of a franchise that didn't really need, or deserve, one.
No Statham? No stick-shifts? No "Transporter."
The Transporter Refueled is running on cheap gas.
One of the most enjoyable bad movies of the year.
Too much of "Refueled" suffers from an assembly-line familiarity, with even the notion of a taciturn transporter not exactly innovative by this point.
Statham has been replaced by the younger, blander Ed Skrein​, who shares his predecessor's Cockney accent but looks more male model than bruiser.
As a moderate budget, pleasantly brainless romp, it could be a lot worse. There's fun here amid the stupidity.
The result is a film that's as good as its predecessors, and suggests that Refueled isn't the last that we'll see of this particular incarnation of the Transporter.
This sequel is pumped with a lower-octane gas than the earlier films.
The Transporter Refueled wants to be an austerity-flouting caper set on the Riviera at a time when the best blockbuster of the year is calling for revolution and an end to patriarchy.
It's going to take more than a new set of hub caps and some fluffy dice to reimagine this franchise, which is clearly up on the blocks.
There isn't a single level on which this crass reboot operates that isn't a disaster. There is all sorts of stupid at work here, and all sorts of offensive.
Unless you're after a shiftless junk pile of action movie spare parts, follow The Transporter: Refueled's advice, and don't open this package.
When posing the question of whether we need a new Transporter movie in our lives, it becomes clear only moments in to this generic endeavour, that the answer is regrettably, a big fat no.
All told, this is blunt, offensive filmmaking that should have no place in modern cinema.

@highlight

The Transporter Refueled has little to offer beyond a handful of decent action sequences, leaving this reboot's title feeling more like wishful thinking than a restatement of purpose.