The film is at times brilliant but mostly infuriating. It is a good movie in that masturbatory way most Tarantino films are good.
Tarantino takes a no-holds-barred approach and delivers another well-written, ultra-violent spectacle masked as a spaghetti western.
Where other movie histories might seek to teach, rewrite, or gild the stories of our collective past, Tarantino prefers to demonstrate how the movies can help us detonate history's legacies...
Django Unchained is a ruthless and romantic epic that is also filled with unbridled entertainment that challenges audiences, rather than coddling them.
It's an intelligently provocative, massively entertaining exercise in postmodern revisionism, highlighting how shamefully few movies Hollywood has ever made about slavery.
It is perhaps a weakness of Tarantino's film, though surely consistent with the spaghetti western genre, that a great gulf separates the good guys from the bad. No room is left for the ugly, the ambiguous, the in-between.
It was a mixed bag for me; some great moments scattered about amongst lots of humdrum, considering the subject matter.
But I absolutely love and was blown away by Django Unchained, and I can't wait to see it again, and again after that.
The direction stays firmly within the predictable bounds of Tarantino's violent sensibility
...Tarantino being Tarantino, he doesn't just make a big, violent, sprawling western filled gunfights and clever talk and driven by revenge and Old Testament justice.
The movie moves, with crispness and intelligence, arriving at the most purely satisfying conclusion we could possibly ask for. Audiences are going to eat that last reel up. I know I did.
Waltz gives a great performance, mixing an outwardly genial demeanor with sudden bursts of violence, and a surprisingly kind heart for someone in a Tarantino film.
The horror that Django Unchained expresses isn't of slavery, finally, but of a filmmaker attempting historical tragedy while shackled by his own supercilious persona.
One of the year's best films.
It's not until the third act that we experience a catharsis of violence, and when it happens, it's just not rooted in the reality of the film.
By the end, Django is a hero for his times: the D is silent, but nothing else is.
Obscurely referential, extremely indulgent, and deliriously over-the-top, Django is -- in other words -- everything you'd expect from a Tarantino joint.
Overlong, self-indulgent garbage with a portrayal of a "house Negro" that is a grotesque distortion of a sad reality.
It is plainly a nonstop riot of humor and excitement, and one that matches its delicate nature with an equally calculated sense of importance in leading us to the most satisfying climax possible.
If the slightly rambling Django Unchained is 'lesser Tarantino' -- you know, only a B instead of an A -- it's still a heady, delirious good time.
You will definitely get your money's worth. But this is one of Tarantino's minor works.
Low-level Tarantino inspires exploration, but delivers little more than a blood bath.
Django Unchained is 165 minutes and nothing much happens beyond talk and the provision of corpses. The plot lurches around and the artful structure of Pulp Fiction has been abandoned.
The fear, anger and betrayal in Jackson's eyes, when Stephen feels his place is threatened, says more about the cruelties of slavery than the ultra- violent, sickening passages of "Django Unchained."
Tarantino slyly takes the dirty diaper that is slavery in America and rubs it in our face.
Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles.
Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained is a brilliant mixture of over-the-top violence and clever writing, making for the most entertaining film of 2012.
A bloody masterpiece. Funny, Thrilling, cleverly structured.
It's a testament to Foxx and Washington's talent, presence, and proven rapport that they keep the central emotional hook strongly present as their underwritten roles are continually pushed to the sidelines by Tarantino's overwriting for others.
Countless great scenes in the Tarantino universe
It's exactly what you expect from Tarantino, so if this movie finds itself challenged in any way, it's in being expected.
...the time always flies, and Tarantino gives us a lot of movie for our money.
Tarantino's take on slavery is wildly creative, funny and frightening, true to form yet never predictable.
Different setting, same old Tarantino
Slavery is to "Django" what the Holocaust was to Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds" -- a colossal wrong to be righted by a film geek's best weapons: artistry, imagination and wicked humor.
Tarantino is, in essence, a classicist who invests the bulk of his drama and tension in lengthy dialogue exchanges that are infinitely more compelling that his elongated sequences of cathartic violence.
Still wonderfully witty and violent sequences that only Tarantino could manage or dare.
This bloody, hilarious, shocking, and righteously angry film is the kind of great art and great trash [Tarantino] aspires to make.
...compulsively watchable for the majority of its (admittedly overlong) running time...
I had a good enough time to wish that it had been better.
Part-blaxploitation film, part-spaghetti Western and all-Tarantino, 'Django Unchained' comes charging at its audiences with guns a-blazin'. It's not quite up to par with 'Reservoir Dogs' or 'Pulp Fiction,' but it's still Tarantino - enough said.
Overlong, overblown and overly self-indulgent. But excess is what Tarantino does. And just as he won't put one word in his characters' mouths when he can have them utter 10; he won't dispatch a bad guy with one bullet when he can discharge a dozen.
It would seem that this film's irreverence isn't a case of didn't-try-can't-fail dismissiveness, but rather something more innocuous: it's simply the world interpreted through Tarantino's boisterous perspective.
The funniest western since Blazing Saddles, the bloodiest since The Wild Bunch and the most visually stylish since The Good, The Bad & The Ugly.
Guilty of almost every indulgence [Tarantino] has ever been accused of...but it's hard to hold it against him, when the results are this bloody good
Ultimately enjoyable, if a little underwhelming, if nothing else we can be grateful to Django Unchained for allowing the phrase "that's the worst thing since Quentin Tarantino's Australian accent".
Impolitic though it might be to suggest it, there's something extremely satisfying about the violence here-though, for my money, it resides less in seeing these racist thugs get their comeuppance, than in the director's staging of it.
it's fitting that one of the greatest American filmmakers of all time is using the western and blaxploitation genres to connect the enduring blemish on the American psyche - only to set loose a bad motherf*cker to set it right.
Thrilling, stylish, funny, brutal, superbly-acted, sharply written and wonderfully offensive.
Django Unchained is a joy. It's fun and foolish, unhinged and unapologetic.
Possibly Tarantino's most thoughtful and even political film to date.
Tarantino is starting to look more and more like an angry teenager in his bedroom going, "Wouldn't it be good if..."
Whereas there was savage beauty and irony in the '60-'70s violence of Penn, Peckinpah, and Leone, the coda of 'Django Unchained' is mere benumbing splatter.
It's a big, crazy, hugely entertaining, multilayered piece of filmmaking - a fierce but fiercely intelligent testament to Tarantino's frequently questioned filmmaking proclivities and certainly among the best films he's made.
Trazendo alguns dos melhores momentos da filmografia de Tarantino, ainda culmina em um clímax longo e violento que certamente levará os fãs do diretor a orgasmos de sangue.
It certainly places Tarantino among the most impressive film-makers at work today.
Proudly doffing its cap to Sergios Corbucci and Leone, this latest, sprawling exercise in film lore dares to tread where most other white American filmmakers would not.
Tarantino's made a great movie but an underwhelming film.
Exciting, entertaining, funny, dramatic and edgy, Django Unchained is also intelligent and sometimes touching, often bloody and yet - in the end - a romantic softie, too
No-one does humour in violence like Tarantino.... Hell's bells, there is a lot to take in and soak up in this hotdog Tarantino Western. It's a killer
Waltz anchors this film brilliantly so that Jamie Foxx as Django and the rest of the all-star cast can fit into Tarantino's latest heady mix of styles.
Tarantino's best for ages, absolutely not to be missed.
Tarantino takes an unusually comical approach to a provocative topic, and the result is as controversial as expected. And also startlingly hilarious.
Densely crammed, unmistakeably excessive Quentin Tarantino dialogue, Django Unchained is his most exciting, accessible and satisfying film for ages.
A blistering, bullet-ridden bonanza.
Who needs facts when there is great vengeance, furious anger and the path of righteousness to attend to? The magpie deserves our respect. Always. Forever.
This is Quentin Tarantino's most entertaining film since Pulp Fiction, and its first hour is brilliantly funny.
For pure movie enjoyment -- or movie geek (I plead guilty) enjoyment, if you insist -- I hadn't had this much plain fun in a while.
[A] piece of have-it-all-ways hokum ...
An arresting, both barrels blazing return to form.
Not a masterpiece, but a funny, violent, very entertaining crowdpleaser.
As in all of Tarantino's best films, there is a strange and brilliant magic at work here; a dark, bubbling alchemy of art and junk.
If only all films could contain such precise dialogue and such distinctive characters. I'd be entertained every time I went to the cinema.
We're used to Tarantino's films being multi-layered with several plots going on at once, but Django Unchained is a little too simple and, dare I say, dull.
Shows Tarantino is on winning creative streak, able to engage viewers with a sharply honed script while authentically presenting unpleasant episodes from American history.
Highly recommended.
Tarantino often reminds us that film can be used as a weapon. Here he purges all that racial ugliness from the past not by asking its left-leaning audience to whoop and cheer at whitey's demise, but by having our hero do battle with screen history itself.
This is a wonderful film - it is, but once in a while someone needed to tap Q on the shoulder and tell him to ease up off the gas. A master and a genius, no doubt, but sometimes the Emperor has no clothes too.
Another strong, sparky and bloody entry in the QT canon.
If you only see one 'slavery' film this year, make it this one.
What a pity Tarantino is so busy booking cameos from old spaghetti stars and tipping his Stetson to schlock that he never unchains his most promising brainwave.
Simply another of Tarantino's masterpieces that was very much worth the wait.
While a little overblown and overly long, a wide range of people will find at least something to like here.
Pure entertainment, a no-holds-barred dose of double-barreled escapism, built around great characters, great performances and great dialog.
A tale of empowerment that packs one hell of a cinematic punch, Django Unchained is Tarantino's epic masterpiece.
It isn't the director's best work by any means, but it retains the excitement and punch inherent in his films. Tarantino's trademark playfulness and verve Django Unchained is a lot of fun.
A revenge film best served cold.
Quentin Tarantino jumps back in his cinematic time-traveling machine and retreats to the past to rewrite history and exact some bloody revenge.
Somehow exhibits high art while it walks a fine line between serious historical re-purposing, inflammatory comic excess and brutal violence.
A film bursting with pleasures great and small ...
The film's triumph is the manner in which Tarantino re-envisions cinema's selective appropriation of history and makes it entirely his own
Django Unchained is classic Tarantino.
For his latest exercise in pulpy throwbacks and balls-to-the-wall homage, Quentin Tarantino once more wipes away the gunk of a zillion B movie tropes to do what he does best: apply a hyper-powered defibrillator to a tuckered out genre.
It's everything you'd expect from a Tarantino film, with the violence so amplified and exaggerated it's nearly been taken to a Looney Tunes level of comedy.
Django Unchained is part Red Bull and part bloody bubble bath. It's a hoot and a holler.
This is pretty much exactly what you would want from a Tarantino western.
Effectively tells in Tarantino's excessive style about the evils of slavery.
Django Unchained is Tarantino's most complete movie yet. It is also his most vital. His storytelling talents match the heft of the tale.
Django Unchained has mislaid its melancholy, and its bitter wit, and become a raucous romp. It is a tribute to the spaghetti Western, cooked al dente, then cooked a while more, and finally sauced to death.
Tarantino's latest effort isn't his best, it is his most ambitious, and for someone capable of so much, that means quite a lot.
We're left with an overindulgent shadow of what could have been a much better film.
Django Unchained offers an embarrassment of riches (and actors in tiny cameos).
Christoph Waltz is now the chief channeler of all things Tarantino. And that's saying something in a film that includes QT verbosity expert Samuel L. Jackson.
Quentin Tarantino sets his sights on the spaghetti western and delivers on the talky, ultra-violent bombast expected of him in the entertaining and confronting Django Unchained.
Tarantino's blood-soaked ambiance is perfectly in tune with the more serious undercurrents in his spectacularly enjoyable Django Unchained.
Tarantino's worst movie is only good...not great.
A fine example of unabashed bloodletting in the context of the two worst applications of capitalism in our history, bounty hunting and slavery.
Genre-movie-mad writer-director Quentin Tarantino's foray into Western World is a pretty grave disappointment.
Pure Tarantino; pure entertainment!
I hope Django Unchained will be appreciated for being a complex film delivered under the guise of simple pop entertainment.
A work that suggests someone brave or foolish enough (or both) to charge into a hellfire with dynamite strapped to their back.
... it's a Tarantino Western... people will be screaming, the blood will flow freely and be splattered about, and the explosions are unnecessarily bigger than they have to be.
he's either a genius or a savant, I don't know, but wholly without equal.
A lesser work by one of America's most ebullient auteurs.
A delightful mashup of blaxploitation films like 'Shaft' and spaghetti westerns like 'For a Few Dollars More.'
Hollywood has got to clean up its act --- and that goes for you, Mr. Tarantino!
If a little bit --- okay, buckets --- of spilled fake blood are not odious to you, this is a hugely entertaining movie.
Exciting. Funny. Gratuitous. Inflammatory. Insensitive. Stylish. Stupid. Sophisticated. Grab just about any adjective out of a hat and chances are it will apply to Tarantino's messy mashup.
Django Unchained is everything you want from a Quentin Tarantino movie, with a few new things added in. Powerful, dazzling, and insanely entertaining.
It's bold, it's beautiful, it's a sheer delight... and a more disciplined approach might have made a masterpiece out of it.
The first half of 'Django Unchained' boasts some of the most entertaining filmmaking of 2012 -- or perhaps of any year.
Tarantino's spaghetti western of the American South is an untamed blast of stylishly rendered, outrageous entertainment.
The sometimes cartoonish and silly violence serves a purpose: It contrasts the moments of truly disturbing violence that Tarantino puts on display, always within the context of the brutality doled out to slaves at the hands of white masters.
Slavery reimagined as a messy splatterfest where massa gets exactly what he deserves, and then some!
Wildly extravagant, ferociously violent, ludicrously lurid and outrageously entertaining, yet also, remarkably, very much about the pernicious lunacy of racism and, yes, slavery's singular horrors.
Though [it's] propped up by a pair of fantastic performances... it simply doesn't live up to the high standards set by his previous films.
A cruel but humorous tale of robust men and women defined by the myth of the 'Old West'.
A daffy, loopy revenge story/Western comedy, this may be Quentin Tarantino's most purely entertaining film since ... ever.
Django may be unchained, but his movie could have used some tighter shackles.
Indulgent and excessive, it's Tarantino at his bloody best.
Pure cinematic testosterone and filled with saucy variations on dozens of other films.
Despite a bloated running time, it still entertains with Tarantino's trademark combination of humor and violence.
The director pulls off this look at the horrors of slavery with respect for its subject. With Django Unchained, Tarantino, through his incredible, outrageously violent Spaghetti Western Superman fantasy, tells the truth.
The players are in fine form. But the movie he's embroiled them all in is a hit-and-miss affair, at times an amusing reimagining of history, more often a blood-spattered bore.
As an entertaining revenge flick with roots in exploitation films and spaghetti westerns, Django Unchained succeeds. But it never rises above its genre to become a real, affecting emotional experience.
Quentin Tarantino is seriously warped. But it's in a good way. His fertile imagination produces unique, albeit, violent and almost always, terrific movies.
When a culture tells stories that excuse its own evils long enough, the pendulum is sure to swing the other direction to reveal, even exaggerate, what has been left out.
Quentin Tarantino no longer makes movies; he makes trailers.
If you had pulled me out of the theater one hour into Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, I would have raved. The first portion of the movie is utterly exuberant, full of life and the love of moviemaking.
Brace yourself America, Tarantino's new film "Django Unchained" is a violent, hilarious, riveting force of nature that also just so happens to be the best movie of the year.
Django Unchained is a masterpiece partly because we need it so badly.
When we look back at history, we tend to put evil up on this pedestal in a way that unfairly flatters people like Hitler, et al. Tarantino pulls evil men down from their dignified perch and allows you to laugh at them as the actual clowns they were.
Four or five legitimately great cinematic moments, and across-the-board strong performances, but a bit too long and slow.
While so many ostensibly serious films explore murky moral ambiguity, Tarantino knows that it can be cathartic to see unalloyed villains, whether Nazis or slave owners, get their comeuppance.
a better grindhouse tribute film and spaghetti western homage than his previous two movies combined
As hellish as its moral universe may be, those whose stomachs can handle the descent will find that even in Tarantino's world-perhaps especially in his world-those moral questions still matter.
This is Tarantino's unique take on the western and it's worth seeing for that alone. While it may not be another great film like we were hoping for, it still manages to be one heck of a trip.
At a shade under three hours, Django Unchained never once feels that length...a testament to the ferocity of Tarantino's fantastically unmannerly concoction.
Django Unchained is the most brutal film Quentin Tarantino has ever made.But the movie is also exciting and ironic and, at times, explosively funny: Even at his most serious, Tarantino can't help but entertain and show you a good time.
As retreads go, Django Unchained is as much a comedown from its predecessor as Lars von Trier's Manderlay was from Dogville.
There's a case to be made that blood-spattering revenge pictures, no matter how evil the villain, are cultural poison, but if this is what it takes to [get] Don Johnson as a dyed-in-the-wool racist done up as Colonel Sanders, well, so be it.
"Django Unchained" possesses an unmistakable subversive power, its playfully insurrectionist spirit perhaps the modern-day pop-culture equivalent of far more high stakes rebellions of yore.
The name of the movie is "Django Unchained," but for all practical purposes it might as well be called "Tarantino Unleashed."
There's plenty of fun here - Waltz alone is worth the price of admission - but you may leave "Django Unchained" wishing for both more and less.
"Django Unchained" is the most consistently entertaining movie of 2012.
There's something about [Tarantino's] directorial delectation in all these acts of racial violence that left me not just physically but morally queasy.
These characters dance a tense ballet along a razor's edge in the last third of the film, and their verbal sparring is the sound of gauntlets being thrown before things inevitably reach a bloody conclusion.
Django Unchained is by turns exhilarating, hilarious, horrifying and poetic.
Corkscrewed, inside-out, upside-down, simultaneously clear-eyed and completely out of its mind.
It is digressive, jokey, giddily brutal and ferociously profane. But it is also a troubling and important movie about slavery and racism.
With a fearless director and his mighty pen freeing a talented cast to attack a vital theme, "Django Unchained" is damnation unleashed.
No movie can match Quentin Tarantino's spaghetti Western/blaxploitation/southern when it comes to illustrating the carnage wrought by slavery.
In spite of some exceptionally indulgent choices by the fan-favorite director, Django Unchained is another sharp and enjoyable Tarantino effort.
Django Unchained is pure, nonstop, blood-soaked ecstasy that is satisfying in absolutely every way.
Brought to us by the much imitated, uniquely gifted and never surpassed Quentin Tarantino...
Mr. Tarantino has learned the difference between sharing one's love of trivia versus sharing one's love of cinema.
For a film that's just shy of being three hours long, it never felt bloated; every sequence seemed to have its place, and at the right pace...
Good but not the best Tarantino has ever done. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Quentin Tarantino has made a masterpiece! It's the ultimate film geek cinematic treat. It's dark, brutal, funny, compelling, engaging, exciting, expertly crafted and brilliantly conceived.
Even at 165 minutes, this is a film that speeds by and one gets a sense of Tarantino being fully energized.
Perhaps I have an askew view of the world or an odd sense of humor, but I found "Django Unchained" to be the funniest Western parody since "Blazing Saddles."
Ranges from being brilliant, controversial,talky,long and cartoonishly violent. Basically it's Tarantino at his best and worse.
Underneath all of the bluster and irony, Django Unchained mostly is a buddy film.
The late holiday season's most dizzyingly imaginative and thoroughly pleasing release, an end-of-year jewel as chock-full of sizzling performances as it is bursting with busted knee caps and spurting innards.
Jaw-dropping and eye-popping (literally, at one point), "Django Unchained" is a prime example of the glories that can result from a master filmmaker working at the peak of his powers.
It's too grueling to enjoy and too sloppy to respect.
Waltz's performance is so captivating and Tarantino's script and direction so well-paced that I hated to see it end, despite its 165 minute runtime.
...writer/director Quentin Tarantino may have managed to deliver one of the most unflinchingly realistic depictions of slavery in the Old South to ever grace the screen. QT's vision is ugly and twisted and filled with all kinds of evil.
Tarantino's sure-footed, gorgeously shot, darkly funny Western starts strong and gains in momentum until a breathtaking climax that represents the apogee of his adventures in culture-mashing.
Quentin Tarantino has made another movie. Or, rather, Quentin Tarantino has made the same movie again.
[Tarantino] knows how to use our movie-conditioned anticipation against us. Watching his movie is like playing chess with a wiseguy friend who's always four moves ahead.
Tarantino wants Django to be a rousing yarn as well as a commentary, but the movie so revels in its carnage that his larger point is drowned in a sea of blood.
This Spaghetti Western via Blaxploitation Mandingo revenge film is told in three acts, the first of which is easily the best - the bounty hunters aka 'That's a Black man riding a horse!'.
Quentin Tarantino has made a spaghetti western and cross-pollinated it with a blaxploitation picture, but it's fully formed, unapologetic and easily one of the best popcorn flicks of the year.
By the two-hour mark the fun had oozed out of the movie for me. It's long. Or feels it.
Might be the most savage cinematic depiction of slavery ever made.
No disaster, far from it at times, actually, but there's a lethargy here that's disconcerting, blocking a lovely view of all the cinematic tributes and screen artistry that typically resides in Tarantinoland.
Thanks, QT, for the best Christmas present this fan of racially conscious films and blockbuster action movies could ever imagine.
There is no earthly reason why Django Unchained needs to be two and three-quarter hours long, other than to indulge its director's love of digressions and monologues.
A film that manages to pay homage to films of the past even as it sends them up and then pushes past them into a territory all its own.
Django Unchained doesn't merely hit its marks; it blows them to bloody chunks.
People are bound to read racist overtones into the material, but Tarantino has the consciousness of a 12-year-old boy; there's nothing more to his message here than Slavery Is Bad.
In "Django," Tarantino is a man unchained, creating his most articulate, intriguing, provoking, appalling, hilarious, exhilarating, scathing and downright entertaining film yet.
By turns dazzling, daring, gruesome and astonishingly funny.
Tarantino may be the best working director to take scenes of blood, mayhem, and gore and transform them into moments of hilarity.
It's a live-action, heads-exploding, shoot-'em-up cartoon. Sometimes it crackles, and sometimes it merely cracks.
Unfortunately, it wears out its welcome about two-thirds through, which means -- no kidding -- 45 more minutes to go.
[A] chronicle of a most reprehensible chapter in American history, seen through the amoral prism of the Spaghetti Western and drenched in blood and spit -- but mostly blood.
An almost entirely enthralling piece, oozing with thoughtful gore, a wildly unique style, and curious characters all of which could only come together so well through notably cohesive filmmaking.
Tarantino almost saves his picture with his last act showdown but not quite. Getting there was a route too long, too clumsy, and just plain tedious.
If you're willing to accept its utterly over-the-top attitude you'll find it almost absurdly enjoyable.
May be the first Tarantino film that doesn't reinvent, transform or elevate its sources into something bracingly fresh, much less necessary.
Brilliant comic turns from Christoph Waltz and Samuel L. Jackson help string together this audience-pleasing, highly uneven Quentin Tarantino spaghetti western/slave vengeance mash-up.
The film gives us vintage Tarantino, a pastiche of Western, blaxploitation and Civil War-era movie tropes that's packed with his characteristically rich dialogue.
It's not much of a stretch to call Tarantino's entertainment-oriented brand of revisionist history tacky, if not deeply offensive, but the energy and audacity with which he executes it is undeniable.
Django Unchained is good -- I'd even go so far as to say very good -- but with a bit more care, it could have been as great as the movie Tarantino has been describing in interviews.
A mashup of the spaghetti Western Django and '70s blaxploitation Westerns, it offers Tarantino another chance to show off his twist on history. While it worked with Inglourious Basterds, it just comes across as contrived and excessive here.
Funny, action-packed, and remarkably stylized. It's also a tad too long, containing a few scenes that should have been left on the cutting room floor, which could have resulted in a more streamlined masterpiece instead of merely a heck of a lot of fun.
Like the earlier movie, in which Jewish-American soldiers assassinate Hitler, this one draws heavily on minority group revenge fantasy, the only difference being that the trick isn't as impressive the second time around.
Despite the way it functions as flashy entertainment, the weight of slavery can still be felt in Django Unchained.
Tarantino is clearly having a grand ol' time with Django Unchained, and so are his actors, every one of whom are more than willing to share in the writer/director's filmic vision, no matter how ghastly it may be.
''Django Unchained'' is Tarantino at his most puerile and least inventive, the premise offering little more than cold, nasty revenge and barrels of squishing, squirting blood.
Think of it as the gore-filled antidote to the old-school melodrama of Gone With the Wind.
Even the explosive final half-hour, featuring the cartoonish flying bodies and splatterrific payback that are the director's brand, fails to provide the catharsis promised by the title.
"Django Unchained" might have been a revelation in 2005. But after Quentin Tarantino and others have spent years spoofing '60s and '70s genre movies, this mock spaghetti Western tastes like it came out of the microwave.
Tarantino could do this all day.
[It's] about racism, damn it, and it portrays that racism in all of its ugliest forms. ... Not always an easy film to watch, and it was certainly made with that purpose in mind.
It's as though Blazing Saddles has been remade by Monty Python, except Tarantino's voice remains clear ...
Just when we thought Quentin Tarantino had shown us all the cojones he has, in rides "Django Unchained."
Django Unchained is the wildest cinematic ride of the year.
Samuel L. Jackson's wicked house slave Stephen is the raison d'être for Django Unchained. The layered and loaded Uncle Tom figure speaks to Jackson's legacy of shuckin' and deconstructin' black stereotypes with Tarantino.
Django is undoubtedly one of the most creative and striking movies of 2012, but it's also one of the most exhausting.
There has simply been no film this year that awakened, excited, and satisfied my cinematic senses as much as Django Unchained, no film that succeeded better at its own ambitions or, with one or two possible exceptions, set it sights quite so high.
[A] dark fantasia of the pre-Civil War South that is hilarious, ferocious, shocking, and wise, sometimes all at once.
Few movies have ever dared to stir such highly charged, combustible subject matter into such a cocky cocktail.
Tarantino blends the Spaghetti western genre with 70s Blaxploitation, creating an insane concoction of vengeance and thoughtfulness, tossing between the disgustingly funny and the most primal notion of violence.
Django is infectiously rousing and exuberantly subversive. Say what you will about his insensitivities, nothing in Tarantino's approach is condescending or pretentious.
Bold, original, mesmerizing, stylish and one hell of a piece of entertainment.
I've always wondered whether Tarantino would finally grow up. But after seeing his latest spectacular, bloody mess of a movie, frankly, I don't give a damn.
In his past two movies, Tarantino has ascended to a new level of filmmaking craftsmanship and narrative sophistication.
Might be too much - and too bloody - for certain constitutions, but the rewards are plentiful. Be sure to hunt it down.
Incendiary and proud of it. The work of a master at the top of his game.
Perhaps not a great Tarantino film, but an extremely enjoyable one nevertheless, Django Unchained is a thoroughly excessive, gore-soaked odyssey that's blessed with outstanding performances - especially one from Leonardo DiCaprio - above all else.
Plodding through the parts that the filmmaker couldn't bare to trim down winds up being more than worthwhile, however, for the many moments of sheer moviegoing pleasure that Django Unchained provides. It's a bloody treat.
Tarantino is aiming for the gut, and the sheer audacity just blows you away.
The end result is a goofily unhinged, consistently engrossing, facetious look at one of the darkest moments in American history through the eyes of someone who's spent too much time in the cinema watching inconsequential flicks.
Expanding on his theme of historical revenge, Quentin Tarentino is at his bloody best here. To borrow a phrase, this one 'floats like a butterfly, stings like a bee'.
...as a fun-filled tribute to those older, cheesier genres, Django Unchained absolutely works, and aside from being overlong is a pleasure to view. But it isn't more than that
It's always so much fun to see something familiar turned into something fresh right before your eyes. Few can do it like Tarantino.
Tarantino gives us an American Spaghetti Western that's a bloody good time from start to finish.
Tarantino lives to cross the line. Is Django Unchained too much? ... It wouldn't be Tarantino otherwise.
While inventive and clever, it doesn't add up to much more than a minor film from a major director.
a violent, whirling fantasia into our dark past
Django Unchained is pure, if not great, Tarantino.
Tarantino, with lip-smacking down-and-dirty subversive gusto, rubs our noses in the forbidden spectacle of America's racist ugliness.
All the Tarantino hallmarks are there: engaging story, hilarious dialogue, shocking violence and exciting musical accompaniment.
The violence, the humor, the strong language all adds up to deliver on the considerable hype that goes when a celebrated director takes on an ambitious project. Here's to your thin red line, Mr. Tarantino...we're happy to step over!
Tarantino definitely has a point to make about slavery, and it is there, but it is well hidden behind a stout curtain of fun, which is ultimately what you'll get from Django Unchained.
Vibrating with the geekery of a filmmaker off the chain, the movie plays like no other this year.
An immensely satisfying taste of antebellum empowerment packaged as spaghetti-Western homage.
Even as one of his weaker efforts, Django Unchained still ranks higher than most of what comes out over the course of a year.
A companion piece to Inglourious Basterds, Tarantino's revenge tale is long, excessive, violent pulp Western, but it's well acted, sporadically humorous, and always entertaining.
Tarantino relishes the opportunity to run wild with a symbol of black persecution until the idea loses momentum -- and then, true to form, he just keeps going.
I can't wait to see this again.
The anecdotal, odyssey-like structure of this long, talky saga could be considered indulgent, but Tarantino injects the weighty material with so many jocular, startling and unexpected touches that it's constantly stimulating.
Django isn't just a movie only America could make -- it's also a movie only America needs to
Quentin Tarantino doesn't shy away from the horrors of slavery in Django Unchained even as he delivers a weird, wild, and bloody violent crowd-pleaser in this raucous salute to the spaghetti western.
There's a good movie inside Django Unchained, maybe even a great one, but it hasn't been carved out of the lopsided excess.
There's an undeniable pleasure that emerges in seeing Tarantino juggle the dynamite of his ideas, even when they prematurely pop off in his face.
Whatever Django's issues, failing to deliver on its promises isn't one of them.
Campy, funny, shocking, and seeping with sardonic social commentary, "Django Unchained" is Quentin Tarantino's finest film to date.
Django Unchained is Blazing Saddles with a body count, a positively incendiary entertainment about America's greatest shame, the personal and social toll of slavery...
'Django Unchained' thunders across the big screen as a fireball of celluloid flawlessness. Quentin Tarantino's greatest work since 'Pulp Fiction' and, undoubtedly, the best film of 2012.
While "Django" is certainly another passionately executed Tarantino effort, the major quibble is that it's not quite sharp or provocative enough to rank with his best films.

@highlight

Bold, bloody, and stylistically daring, Django Unchained is another incendiary masterpiece from Quentin Tarantino.