A heinously inflammatory propaganda piece that gives the documentary form and even-minded conservatives bad names, "America: Imagine the World Without Her" boils down to 105 minutes of uneducated ignorance.
There's no doubt that D'Souza loves America, but he loves it much in the same way that we all do: According to a map of his own design.
"America" would be simply annoying if it were just preaching to the choir; what makes it unendurable is the fact that D'Souza and Sullivan can't craft a sermon that would keep even the choir awake, interested, and entertained.
Divisive D'Souza: Imagine an America without him!
Highly charged docu has strongly conservative message.
D'Souza's main problem here is that he has really made three films in one, and he has failed to flesh out any of the three. (Full Content Listings for Parents also available)
Is Dinesh D'Souza stupid? This seems like kind of faux-innocent question the far-right columnist and polemicist poses all the time. But the answer honestly isn't clear.
This is an unusually odious effort because it is so hugely hypocritical and ultimately self-serving.
The actual problem with America is that it is structured poorly, with a third act that seems tacked on even though that's where it finally gets to the point.
D'Souza has a gift for stating his opponent's position without actually addressing it.
The ways D'Souza appropriates famous figures and misreads history (slavery wasn't so bad, because all civilizations did it, he argues at one point) are ludicrous.
You could bother debating D'Souza on history and semantics and rudimentary logic, but chances are you'd end up feeling like Meathead arguing with Archie Bunker.
Graced with a hilariously definitive title, America is astonishingly facile, a film comprised entirely of straw man arguments.
Hilariously, just minutes after reducing Occupy Wall Street to an assault on small hamburger shops, D'Souza attacks insurance companies and Wall Street executives as fellow travelers in Obamacare, this country's one unpardonable sin.
It's "Sesame Street"-style show and tell, complete with highly suggestive musical cues.
Throughout the film, we see D'Souza walking through American landmarks, gravely studying them, deep in contemplation. It brings to mind the old joke about the government: Trust me. I'm here to help.
Ironically, in presenting the argument against Zinn and others by attacking what D'Souza terms indictments of America, he takes a page directly out of the Zinn playbook. AMERICA asks one very important question: what's been left out of the history books?
The cinematic equivalent of one of those forwarded e-mails of mostly discredited "facts" that you receive from an uncle ...
D'Souza asks softball questions of those he agrees with ("What is your American dream?" he asks U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz) and leading questions of others, and his narration is peppered with generalities, platitudes and truisms.
Dinesh D'Souza taps his Tea Party audience for more Obama-bashing cash before he goes to prison for trying to buy an election.
D'Souza controls the conversation, and thus goes unchallenged when he tries to make real-world points with make-believe scenarios.
Beholden to the same plethora of taboos, half-truths, and outright lies traded en masse by mainstream conservatism for the last seven years.
Provocative, refreshing, well-organized and well-researched. It will spark many debates about America's past, present and future.
For the most part ... D'Souza gives the impression of someone obsessed with whitewashing any and all dark chapters in U.S. history books.

@highlight

Passionate but poorly constructed, America preaches to the choir.