...a sincerely personal take on its subject matter, opting for three-dimensional leads and earned pathos over quirky character traits, cynical humor, or an invasively stylized visual approach.
Lynskey imbues the self-doubting Amy with such lightness that she manages to make neediness appealing.
A fine and funny film balanced perfectly between heartbreak and uplift, anchored by a rich, superlative turn from Melanie Lynskey.
"Hello I Must Be Going" is at once an intriguing character study and a refreshingly offbeat romance.
The movie's sharp-tongued and softhearted, a Sundance kind of film that mostly sidesteps generic Sundanceyness.
I'm of two minds about Hello I Must Be Going. It's a slow-paced movie, and at times, too slow ... Yet the fine actors, especially the emotive-faced Melanie Lynskey and the restrained Blythe Danner, elevate the film well beyond its story line.
Sharp writing and solid performances elevate this modest low-budget romance.
The film is worth seeing for the performances, but the drama is a nonstarter.
Sharp enough to point out some compelling issues without pretending that it has all the answers.
It's harmless, and there's really nothing outright awful about the movie, it just could have been so much better if the filmmakers thought outside of the Sundance box for this one.
It has plenty of little moments for a great actress to shine. It's just not very deep, or particularly fresh.
Sarah Koskoff's screenplay is flagrantly duplicitous, introducing the heroine as a self-pitying sloth, then trying to pass her off as likable by making nearly all the other characters drips, snobs, or unfeeling scolds.
The script's contrivances and the director's lax handling aren't enough to hold you.
Succeeds almost entirely on the strength of Melanie Lynskey's heartfelt and humorous performance in the lead role.
Sarah Koskoff's play-it-safe script and Louiso's heavy-handed direction combine to kill the potential of "Hello I Must Be Going."
Lynskey lets us see, from deep within Amy's fog, an instinctual desire to please, and a sense of innocent wonderment at how she could possibly have gotten into such a mess.
Familiar messes that are somewhat too easily cleaned up.
Much credit goes here to Christopher Abbott, whose persuasive performance bridges the gap. He's like a living embodiment of the cliche, "I love you enough for the both of us."
[Lynskey] woefully underrated as an actress, for her work in Hello I Must Be Going is subtle and tender.
A funny, well-written, involving and emotionally honest tale.
While there are laughs and plenty of them sprinkled throughout, Hello I Must Be Going is predictably sweet and ends up exactly where you think it might, safe and sound.
Carries with it a low-key transcendence, flourishing first and foremost through its lost and aching protagonist.
Bolstered by a terrific performance from Melanie Lynskey, who brings dignity and humor to what could have been a downbeat part.
I hope Hello, I Must Be Going will introduce many new viewers to Lynskey's charms, and that at least of a few of them will be casting directors.
This isn't a new topic for independent films - ten years ago, Jake Gyllenhaal was the busy boy-toy in both "Lovely & Amazing" and "The Good Girl" - but this film handles it with fresh eyes, and a gentle approach.
Abbott has a compelling unpredictability, though, and in a couple of his scenes with Lynskey, you can spot the stirrings of a more complex film than the one we finally ended up with.
Unlikely post-divorce romance anchors mature dramedy.
Overall, the comedy is a lovely showcase for Lynskey and the rest of the cast.
But while this is Lynskey's show, the real gut-punch comes from Danner as the uptight and dissatisfied Ruth, who loves her daughter but also wants her to get her life together (and, ideally, the hell out of the house).
Lynskey inhabits the role so completely, brings such exquisite naturalness to her performance, that she becomes someone we root for unreservedly.
[It's] better than the story it has to tell, and that is thanks to the bravery and sensitivity of Ms. Lynskey's performance and the sweet, intense love affair that is the film's main concern.
Both funnier and deeper than you might expect at the outset.
An affectless approach muffles any interest one might have in this failed rom-com.
A drama about a thirtysomething woman stuck in a rut and yearning to be set free.
... not just one of the finest indie releases of the year, but one of the sharpest and most moving and engaging movies of the year, period.
Every scene - including mopey family meals, secret assignations, and confessions under the stars - breathes with a freshness that carries this tiny romance safely beyond the realm of indie cuteness, into the world of a character worth caring about.
Thanks to Melanie Lynskey's performance, the movie feels like a believably worked-out, sympathetically presented study in thirtysomething uncertainty.
Koskoff's script is all stock epiphanies about getting your life in order and following your dreams.
Todd Louiso's Hello I Must Be Going affirms Lynskey as a lead mostly by letting us marvel at the depth she brings ...
The emotional range is too limited
[VIDEO ESSAY] Hello I Must Be Going" is a delightful slow boil adult romantic comedy that taps increasingly harder on your funny bone before really letting you have it with a brilliantly conceived scene of exponentially embarrassing implications.
Warm and funny, real and raw, "Hello I Must Be Going" deserves a hearty welcome from moviegoers looking for an honest and frank comedy that never forgets to help us care about its characters.
Hello I Must Be Going overcomes its formulaic plot with solid performances, genuine warmth and humor, and some uncloying honesty about the nature of relationships.
It's hard to fully appreciate [the film] just for Lynskey's performance, which is often it's one saving grace.
At the end of this hello/goodbye, we'd have to say that though it's a sweet visit ... it's not as memorable as we'd hoped.
For all its faults, Hello I Must Be Going marks a huge step up from actor-director Todd Louiso's previous efforts...
If it's too subtle (and too similar to several other low-key indie romcoms) to make a big splash, it's got lovely performances and really builds strength as it goes along.
A credibly drawn central character is trapped inside a half-cooked dramatic stew in Hello I Must Be Going.
Even the look seems to be at odds with the material.



@highlight

Hello I Must Be Going offers an offbeat twist to the romance genre, a solid character study for fans of grown-up drama, and a career-making breakout vehicle for Melanie Lynskey.