A Victorian thriller with rather heavy echoes of Jack the Ripper, this film struggles to rise above the murky atmosphere it weaves. And the plot itself is as dense as the low-lying London fog.
The feminist critique is present in the dialogue and narrative structure, but it hardly feels integrated into the performances or the images. For all that Medina does with it, The Limehouse Golem might just as well have stayed on the page.
The major problem lies with the story's all-too playful tone which diminishes the story's impact and the film's overall lack of originality.
...the best 19th century feminist backstage drama/murder mystery you'll see this year.
The solid cast, including Eddie Marsan as a theatre impresario nicknamed Uncle, and Daniel Mays as Kildare's trusted lieutenant, helps keep the story afloat.
It translates novelist Peter Ackroyd's densely historical and cerebral foray into the horror genre into an entertainment, without being weighed down by Ackroyd's numerous fascinating but imaginative layers and tangents.
While The Limehouse Golem does offer the chance to spend some time with the companionable Bill Nighy, as a police detective in 1880s London, some viewers may wonder what he and they are doing there.
The struggle to reconcile the star-is-born theatre arc with the meat of Kildare's investigation pushed me out of the movie entirely.
As summer draws to a close, at least it's something different, the twists and turns of the last lap are genuinely good and the final dedication to Rickman distinctly poignant.
The violent impetuosity of its last scenes perfectly transmit the spirit of a film that shows the construction of an identity from the grand guignol. [Full review in Spanish]
The twists and turns aren't quite of Sherlock proportions, but... the film offers a perfectly engaging journey, with a delightfully unexpected final twist-within-a-twist.
The mystery is perhaps not enough mysterious, but the acting and the look and feel are worth the trip. Incidentally, one disappointment is that the plot has virtually nothing to do with golems.
There isn't much resting beneath the hood, so to speak, just elements of genre and craftsmanship buttressed by good work from the film's leads.
The moviemakers have more on their minds than mounting a Ripper-like Sherlockian detective case with an unusual blend of grit and lushness.
... this nasty little Victorian London horror film has more than a few blood-soaked charms of its own.
For those of us whose hearts skip beats at seeing good actors dressed in finery and speaking such eloquent prose (Jane Goldman's script is incredibly articulate), this is a must see.
If you accept that it won't break any new boundaries, the confidence with which it goes about its task is impressive.
Fans of oom-pah-pah revelry, Hammer Horrors, and Victorian-era introspection should find plenty to whet their appetites in "The Limehouse Golem."
The Limehouse Golem is perfect pulp: it isn't particularly scary or suspenseful, but it does deliver the grind house goods.
Gruesomely enjoyable period pulp... a flamboyant piece of Grand Guignol.
Some stylish visual flourishes elevate an otherwise muddled murder mystery in this grisly and evocative period piece.
A Victorian-era gothic stew that, although perhaps not as ultimately satisfying as it might have been, nevertheless provides for an unsettling two hours.
Adequate as comfort food, but fails as anything else.
An atmospheric murder mystery that may not achieve blockbuster status yet it draws you into its world and its mystery.
The Limehouse Golem ... is not concerned with the macabre or the scandalous. Its focus is more subdued...
Well acted and richly atmospheric, The Limehouse Golem doesn't quite terrify, even though its talented cast and abundantly colorful artifice sustain interest.
... the mystery's revelation is unsatisfactory, with withheld evidence and reverse angles we didn't get clues on the first time around.
As lofty as the ambitions of The Limehouse Golem are, the film rather criminally wastes so much of its potential.
This movie doesn't give the audience much credit for smarts.
Marrying fact and fiction, Jane Goldman's seamy screenplay is wildly overstuffed; but the director, Juan Carlos Medina, gives the music hall scenes a rowdy authenticity.
For those in the mood for a strong dose of ghastly-by-gaslight horror - and you know who you are, luv - "The Limehouse Golem" is good for what ails you.
Perhaps Nighy's enough to recommend the feature, but as period pulp with iffy twists and turns, "The Limehouse Golem" doesn't disturb, limping to a conclusion.
A wonderful cast make themselves at home against the music halls and maggoty, murky streets of 1880s London.
Evocative, well-cast, Hammer horror-style thriller.
The Limehouse Golem is an odd little Gothic Victorian murder mystery and a stirring cocktail of period chills, modern anxieties and gruesome cruelty.
As neo-Nazis speak with renewed confidence across the U.S. and new waves of anti-Semitism roil Europe, it's hard to justify using that kind of hatred as a mere plot device.
Licensed by this grounding in Victorian show business, the film is itself a lurid crowd-pleaser, complete with nasty violence, an extravagant plot and a valiant Scotland Yard inspector (Bill Nighy).
[There are] interesting bit[s] of Limehouse Golem, but the murder case itself is dull stuff.
A morbid fable about the monsters, the truth and theater. [Full review in Spanish]
Lush sensationalism and Dickensian social justice collide in 1880s London, and if there isn't quite enough of either, it's still a slice of satisfying gothic horror.
It feels at once crammed and sketchy, riddled with flashbacks and framing devices, and woefully light on frights.
Engaging but overstuffed ...
A slippery subject, but these players do it proud.
Initially colorful, the script's lurid and overripe dialogue eventually grinds the film to a halt.
Lacking any real scares, its ghoulish terror feels muted; but Medina's depiction of Victorian London-- particularly the music hall scene -- is amply atmospheric.
I'd highly recommend that you try and seek this one out.
With plots tripping over sub-plots, it's not a film to be taken too seriously, but if you like camped-up Victorian excess, then I recommend it heartily.
[A] small undercurrent of social commentary adds some extra spice to a juicy whodunit.
The legend of Jack the Ripper still looms heavy, but the spectre of his possible predecessor, an even more violent and capricious murderer active in London's East End, haunts this entertaining penny dreadful-style thriller.
Beneath the blood and balefulness it's a light-hearted confection, with a whiff of Blackadder in the period caricatures and shameless mugging.
Time and time again gothic murder mystery melts uncomfortably into hammy melodrama, as we jump from scenes of graphic violence and gore to a world of hoary double entendres, randy midgets and Eddie Marsan in an ill-fitting bald cap.
There's something quite pleasing about the film's garish evocation of Victorian London's seedy underbelly.
Peer through the thick London fog and you'll find a feminist film lurking.
Twisty theatrical vision of Victorian vice and injustice.
Though the pieces of The Limehouse Golem don't quite fit together, Jane Goldman's proto-feminist script saves the best with a splendidly clever twist that rewards your patience.
Whether you guess the identity of the Golem or not, this is a richly rewarding riff on penny dreadful horrors with a real wit and bite to it, and it's a wonderfully chilling treat.
A very literate, bibliophile shocker.
Hammer horror meets 19th-century music hall meets postmodernism, Peter Ackroyd-style.
A great cast is let down by a script that fails to provide a compelling mystery to solve. Never mind as a big-screen production, this would be disappointing as a BBC mini-series.
Passable is about the best one can say about The Limehouse Golem, although if you are a Sherlock Holmes or Jack the Ripper fan, it may well float your boat.
The Limehouse Golem is wildly over the top. That's precisely what it is meant to be - and what gives the drama such a kick.
This classier-than-average shocker leaves you with renewed appreciation of east London as a historical melting-pot.
Much like the music halls it concerns, it's a bit of a cheap thrill.
Weird, twisted and deliciously unique, Medina's horror taps a dynamic vein in feminism and Giallo-esque gore.
A stellar cast brings this murder mystery in a fascinating milieu to life.
Just when you think you never want to see another 1880s London prostitute get stabbed by a mysterious psychopath, along comes a movie like this that puts a nice spin on it.
The Limehouse Golem is stylish and atmospheric, but the twists and turns come delivered on a plate, rendering the story a little dull.
The Limehouse Golem is a fast-moving horror-cum-panto, nicely staged, all fog and darkness, with the melodrama and off-colour humour of the music-hall itself.
Despite being only his sophomore feature, there's a lot to like as he imbues the proceedings with a nightmarish air of mystery and suspense.
A firecracker of a script that zips from scene to scene with cheeky dialogue and a sense of urgency, with a strong feminist undercurrent permeating throughout.
Medina fails to muster Golem's many moving parts, and tension leaks from the film like the blood from one of its many savaged corpses.
As busy and artificial as Victorian interior decor at its most excessive, "The Limehouse Golem" is similarly rather too much of a posh good thing.

@highlight

The Limehouse Golem offers old-school Hammer-style horror anchored by rich period detail and strong work from a solid cast.