Just another dumb vampire flick.
teenybopper fiction brought to life on the big screen, realized as the first installment in a potential franchise that fails to offer reasons why mainstream audiences will want to follow it any further.
Tons of fun, but far too childish to be taken seriously.
The film was based on a series of twelve books (that) must've screamed "franchise pay cheques!" to actors like Dafoe, Hayek and Reilly, who would usually have known better.
Weitz's screenplay (with Brian Helgeland) contains liberal splashes of humour, but in the end the film lacks an emotional hook, perhaps thanks to the lacklustre performances of the young leads.
Promises more depth and substance than it delivers, leaving all the fireworks of the visuals to drive the film's appeal
This adaptation never quite reaches the sunlight. The difficulty is the credible integration of the normal world with that of the freaks
What in the heck is going on here? Not scary, not funny. The story gets lost in the woods. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Reilly's Crepsley makes both the afterlife and any sequels to come equally appealing prospects.
Plenty of good elements here, but a lack of cohesion and a lackluster performance by the lead actor make the film at best a decent rental.
Not a thing in this movie is subtle, from its cheesy special effects to its by-the-numbers storyline to its cardboard cutout characters.
The funny bits are amusing, the action entertaining, the themes simple, the promise of future tales tantalizing, and the overall feel of the movie is more charming than epic or scary.
...a watchable (yet undeniably forgettable) endeavor.
...not the pandering exploitation film you might expect. It's not all pentup sexuality, ripened teen flesh and brooding ashen untouchable boys.
The film is a convoluted mess of ideas and mythology, and while all of it is potentially interesting none of it is fleshed out near well enough to make any of it even slightly worthwhile.
A colossal bore of a teen fantasy movie ... crammed with trite, prepackaged lessons.
Cirque spins its wheels in first installment.
Older moviegoers who can recall the spate of like-minded horror flicks from the 1980s will find much to appreciate.
A fun, energetic adventure with plenty of inoffensive ghoulish touches that should please kid and adult horror buffs alike.
Inept to the core, The Vampire's Assistant never rises to the occasion.
To some extent, then, Paul Weitz's film is parasitically preying on an established trend, but it also has some fresh blood of its own.
Infinitely more inventive than the sweetly romantic Twilight.
Its high production values - not to mention the world's cutest poisonous spider - can't paper over a tepid and drawn-out plot.
More of a curio than a serious contender for the next gothic craze.
A movie about the undead that never really makes it out of the grave.
Harry Potter this ain't. But it's fun all the same.
...an entertaining and engaging entry in the vampire sweepstakes. If it's not A positive, it's certainly worth a B.
This light approach keeps it entertaining, but it also prevents it from being a classic.
This is one of the worst films of the year.
Bottom-line: this vampire movie sucks.
There's a lot going on here, but not much of it is very interesting.
What we have here is a commercial product geared possibly for boys of pre-bar-mitzvah age. It lacks art. It lacks wit. It lacks erythrocytes and leukocytes. It's just a bloody, bloodless mess.
Initially fun and imaginative, but it quickly turns into a thrill-less, uneven, lazy and painfully bland mess.
All winded wind-up and no dazzling follow-through. Hogwart's wizards have absolutely nothing to fear from this bunch of sad second-raters.
John C. Reilly excels in a role I thought couldn't possibly be appropriate for him. It's a nice change of pace for this fine actor.
Starts off strongly, which only makes its drastic eventual decline that much more disappointing. What could have been a really quirky, edgy teen horror comedy instead turns into a crushing bore.
While Cirque du Freak: A Vampire's Assistant might hold a certain charm for tween fans, it suffers from too much exposition and not enough freakishly cool vampire action.
Serving up a cartoonish vampire du jour, Cirque Du Freak aims for a defanged preteen-friendly middle ground between hip and undead creepy. There are glimpses into vampire culture, like the art of flitting, which seems to be akin to let's boogie, man.
It has promise, but I certainly don't care if they never complete the series as movies.
Between this and having to sit through New Moon, I'll take the freaks every time.
The Vampire's Assistant beats the pants off of Twilight as a cool teenage vampire movie, and I consider that to be totally awesome.
Unfortunately Weitz can't quite get a handle on what the film should be, despite teaming up with the talented Brian Helgeland on the script.
The strong supporting cast is wasted... evidently these characters would have more to do in sequels which, let us pray, we never have to sit through.
It's tween/teen-lit for boys, delivered with a wink, and some remarkably light humour, considering the morbid plot.
A vampire movie in sore need of a transfusion.
We never get under the skin of anyone here. Freaks never become characters. They're objects of derision.
Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant is worth seeing once for the kid in everyone... and the actual kids will probably think it's twice as nice.
Harry Potter needn't call time out on his Quidditch game, and Edward Cullen can stick to his beauty rest.
Mixing horror and comedy while minimizing the gore, writer-director Paul Weitz serves up a witty adventure fantasy with a tasty dollop of schadenfreude.
a pleasant surprise that proves there is still some bite left in the crowded vampire genre.
Gothic pop...a ripping yarn for the big screen...
...the first installment in a potential franchise that fails to offer reasons why mainstream audiences will want to follow it any further.
Teen vampire flick is scarier, edgier than the book series.
Tests its viewers' patience even as it strives to build their loyalty.
There's plenty more going on in this artfully directed and fancifully acted anti-Twilight opening salvo, but suffice it to say that Weitz's film is simply the far more inventive and engrossing teen-vamp flick.
Unreeling like a feature-length trailer, 'Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant' suffers from premature sequelitis.
The non-actors artlessly stumble through scenes that might best be described as lifeless. Meanwhile, the over-actors project far beyond the camera lens. Miles beyond. Say, Transylvania.
But there's a thin sheen of flop sweat on The Vampires Assistant, as if it's thinking its hoped-for sequels... it's like being on a first date and having the other party reach across the table ... and ask you if you want chicken or fish for the guests at
It's Twilight with training wheels!
Parental Content Review
While it celebrates the creative and the imagined and introduces us to colorful characters, it's bland and dull.
A talented ensemble helps this pull through despite a leaden lead, but it may still seem too childish for adults and too adult for kids.
An inept fantasy that wants to be a sort of hip Goth legend...
The film is competent without being spectacular or thrilling.
Jammed with story threads that don't cohere, Cirque commits the cardinal sin for a vampire movie: It's bloodless.
Cirque du Freak is disjointed and disorganized, and it meanders when it needs to gallop.
It's clear that the filmmakers had a hard time adapting Darren Shan's books, made the movie way too long and then hacked indiscriminately at the last minute. Some important scenes are cut off abruptly, and others seem to be missing altogether.
While it doesn't say "To be continued" at the end, it might as well, except the probable audience's response may turn out to be, "Why bother?"
There are also so many characters that some barely register, while others - like our teen hero - are just unlikeable. It's very energetic, but a more relaxed sequel, in which everyone has fun, might be a big improvement.
The film can't decide whether it's an earnest fantasy flick or a quirky horror comedy, or whether it's meant for kids or adults -- no wonder it appears to have two titles.
Cirque Du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant is a film with a chronic identity crisis and no clear idea where it's headed.
The biggest shortcoming of Cirque du Freak is the absence of a proper, self-contained story. So convinced is Weitz that his film is going to spawn a dozen sequels that he spends most of his time setting up the characters and their relationships.
Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant is an unwieldy title, but it's perfect for a film that can't figure out what it's trying to do.
Tod Browning's Freaks were the real thing. These are strictly CGI and the teen-vamp pose is beginning to pall.
The first image of Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant tells us everything we need to know about what kind of film this is going to be: we open on a tub full of popcorn.
The film can never quite make up its mind whether it's about the circus or the vampires and ends up a mess of its own making.
The latest installment in pop-culture's vampire obsession - a lightweight, sequel-minded fantasy - is a mostly gore-free, adventure-driven bit of "Twilight" counter-programming.
This is a young person's film, make no mistake, but one which holds back on completely adhering to the fang frenzy youngsters have been going bat shit for recently, consequently sealing its own fate.
Perhaps best of all, the movie doesn't take itself too seriously. It's creepy but tinged with sarcasm and infused with silly fun.
Cirque Du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant doesn't totally suck, though it's not very satisfying either.
Worth a watch and does contain some truly spectacular special effects and intriguing performances.
Entertaining enough but, despite a sequel-set-up ending, this franchise will have to sharpen its fangs if it really wants to take on Twilight.
It's worth the price of a ticket but, like most passing curiosities, the first coming of Cirque Du Freak is all sideshows and no main event.
Reilly's terrific as the bloodsucker who's lost his zest for death, and there's further quality from supporting freaks.
The script, by Brian Helgeland and director Paul Weitz, frequently strays off course, though the underlying story is always compelling. And, just like Twilight, this movie doesn't end so much as beg to be continued.
An underwhelming screenplay and weak acting mean this is unlikely to spawn one sequel, let alone many.
This stylish tale of teen terror is impressive but unsatisfying.
Neither babyfaced Massoglia or craggy Reilly make convincing vampires. And Cirque Du Freak author Darren Shan must be a supreme egotist to name the hero after himself.
Cirque du Freak is a lame comedy.
The Vampire's Assistant is entertaining but awfully uneven with serious flaws in pace and plotting and a tone that veers between ghoulish comedy and gothic fantasy.
With its dark themes and heaving bosoms (well, Salma's), Cirque Du Freak hints at a grown-up watch. But the tone dips into bland, child-friendly territory with confusing regularity.
Massoglia makes a fairly bland lead, but the biggest problem is that Reilly is badly miscast as Crepsley - he's surely nobody's idea of a charismatic or seductive figure and he's certainly not scary.
At its best it's sporadically entertaining and at worst, like its leading young man, it is rather forgettable.
Shoddily structured, boring, and featuring the drippiest teen lead this side of the Jonas brothers, it seems designed for junior fanboys who still wet the bed. They're welcome to it.
What a real trip to a real freak show would probably never be -- forgettable.
A darkly funny and fun macabre fantasy that constantly winks at itself and expectations.
Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant is an entertaining "alternative" vampire movie that should appeal to teens - but it's NOT for younger kids.
It all feels very small and surprisingly indifferent to its own potential magic, like the pilot for a TV series that might find its groove in its second season but isn't anywhere near there yet.
...the best this season (Halloween)has to offer is "Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant."
Considering it's little more than a melange of Twilight, Harry Potter and Goosebumps, Cirque is far, far more entertaining a movie than it has any right to be.
It true to the tone of the series, a combination of teenage angst and outrageous grotesquery, with the recognition that sometimes it can be hard to tell the difference.
For all the shadows and nocturnal imagery there is no darkness to the story, no fear of loss of life or soul...
No satisfying resolution, no sense of characters coming into their own, and no feeling that the world that's been created was interesting enough to sustain one movie, let alone several.
Massoglia is so bland he barely registers on film, which is a bit too appropriate for a vampire role.
The film shuffles together episodes from the first three volumes of the 12-book Cirque saga, which may explain its rushed, patchy feel. It unfurls like a series of skits.
Keeps the tone just dark enough to be effective without being too scary, and always funny but not cartoonish.
The movie has its moments, but director Paul Weitz paces things a bit like a cheesy carnival ride.
The movie has no sense of magic or fun; the characters never seem to have anything at stake. It's just a lot of computer graphics and gleefully hamming-it-up actors.
The adaptation of Darren Shan's best-selling book series is confused muddle of a movie. The filmmakers can't decide on whether they want it to be a comedy, a horror, a coming-of-age tale, a good-vs.-evil parable or a combination of all of those things.
What's best about the flick is that everything is so, well, normal. Reilly, in particular, delights in responding to the fantastical with the practical.
There is an undoubted vision behind the cameras, one that is bound to only crystallize if the powers-that-be give this potential new franchise the nurturing it deserves.
Chris Massoglia is almost wholly charisma-free, a handsome, hesitant two-by-four who makes you appreciate the rich thespian skills of Daniel Radcliffe. Casting an unknown is always a gamble. This time the house wins.
feels like something that should have been a whole lot better
Like Twilight, Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant hopes to capitalize on vampire chic, but this tale's turn to the dark side is as anemic as a victim of the film's fanged teen.
Is it too much to ask that a narrative film have a beginning, a middle, and an end?
While Twilight will make more money and get more attention, the darkly comic Cirque du Freak boasts the shaggy charm of the natural underdog.
Scattershot and comically unbalanced, "Cirque du Freak" is a wannabe horror film that feels like it was filmed underwater.
The movie avoids the darker aspects of the vampire myth, and like the books, it's more into horror than hormones.
a decent, entertaining addition to the genre
It's hard to escape the feeling that this is one film that already has its eye on the next chapter.
Labored and often tedious, the picture is a friendly stab at Burtonesque macabre antics, but director Paul Weitz is in way over his head trying to juggle huge portions of the grotesque and the epic.
A textbook example of how trying to please everyone ends up pleasing no one, Cirque Du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant is a Frankenstein's monster of a movie, all stitches and seams and disparate parts.
It's ... a mess. The movie is shot through with curious disconnects. Often within a single sequence of events, we won't know where we are, or how they're related in space or time.
If this clever and stylish hybrid is your bucket of blood, then you'll certainly be clamoring for the further adventures of these bizarre and delightful freaks.
It's fairly obvious Paul Weitz is trying to mimic the style of Tim Burton ... it's hard not to immediately fault the movie for failing to achieve the same impeccable blend of dark humor and wonder.
When Weitz and writer Brian Helgeland try to drape a plot over the colorful characters, the movie goes fuzzy.
The supernatural and its accompanying history of half-vampires and vampaneze never establishes itself as anything but ridiculous.
Don't bother to take notes, because subplots go nowhere, and characters -- many played   by well-known actors -- barely get screen time.
The movie's big drawback is that it isn't silly enough.
At the very least, such triteness will dredge up a desire to keep the Weitz family -- brother Chris was responsible for the leaden Golden Compass debacle -- away from the first chapters of big-budget franchises.
The vampire trend continues, but the only authentic bloodsuckers in Cirque du Freak are its producers and studio execs.
It's been awhile since such a structurally messy, poorly cut film has been released by major studio, one which can't decide what it wants to be, scary vampire horror, freakish circus saga or Freudian coming of age tale of rigid fathers and sensitive sons.
Transcends teenage pandering to become something that's simply a lot of fun.
While it's obviously aimed at the "tween" crowd, we fail to see where this movie would appeal to even young viewers.
The Vampire's Assistant is too busy making impossible claims about just how spectacular its sequels will be to serve up a self-contained story with a satisfying finale.
I'm curious to see how it pays off. I think I would like a sequel, but I'd like to see it played looser, see more of the world they've created.




@highlight

This overstuffed, scattershot vampire flick suffers from poor characterization and an unwieldy mix of scares and chuckles.