Any film that relies on one actor to carry the movie demands a lot of its leading man but James Franco applies a youthful exuberance that makes him so watchable it's all viewers could do not to blink.
This is not a bloody movie or just a disproportionate drama, this is a movie about a single life, a human being, a man who thought himself invincible... [Full review in Spanish]
Boyle, in his always rather excessive way, throws an arsenal of visual resources so as not to turn the story of Aron into that of a guy locked in a square meter. [Full review in Spanish]
Where the movie succeeds... it succeeds so well it's amazing.
Franco... delivers a solid performance as the strapping climber who shows his vulnerability when he reflects back on his life--the mistakes he's made and the moments he may miss.
Though I knew how the film was going to end, it made no difference. It had me from the beginning. It never lags. James Franco as Ralston is brilliant.
Mr. Boyle does succeed smashingly in holding your attention, peppering in healthy doses of flashbacks and fantasies between Mr. Ralston's monologues and his attempts to free himself.
So busy and self-consciously virtuosic that the movie undercuts it's own premise.
beautifully constructed film worthy of the praise it has received during its award season run
Absolutely masterful in both its production and its performances, this drama is easily one of the year's best.
You can know how this misdaventure came out and still be moved by this mystical/moving and miraculous film.
127 Hours is an inspiring dramatic thriller with creative direction by Danny Boyle and a commanding performance from James Franco.
127 Hours asks a big question of its audience: could you do what Aron Ralston does when it came down to it?
It's chilling, claustrophobic, even nerve-racking, but it's also one of the most fascinating films of the year.
With all due respect to Franco's strong performance, the director, Danny Boyle hijacked the story for a chance to show off his visual style.
Boyle solves the problem of shooting a film in a single location
... Essentially Franco in a one-man show, and his charm and enthusiasm instantly win us over.
For a movie about a man falling into a canyon crack, there's much to think about here, not the least of which is how far any one of us would go, under similar circumstances, to survive.
Danny Boyle is hit-or-miss for me. Thankfully, this was a hit.
It's an incredible performance by Franco, walking the line between what once was enthusiasm but now is manic desperation.
You'll feel like you're clenching everything in your body as this movie builds towards its inevitable climax, but this is a masterful work...
A lot of movies about climbing ‒ Touching the Void, North Face ‒ are about men who get into trouble by pushing their luck. This one takes as its main theme the sin of hubris.
This is an honest-to-goodness, feel-good triumphant scene -- albeit one that's disorienting and exhausting, somewhat as it must have been in real life.
It's haunting and moving and -- if you're squeamish -- only involves major arm-cut-offing for like 60 seconds of screen time.
Driven by James Franco's charisma and Danny Boyle's bizarrely antiquated, but refreshingly sharp sense of style, 127 Hours is as exciting as a film about a guy stuck to a rock could possibly be.
...immaculate in its technical aspects, not just in the way the camera hunts down interesting images but in its pitch perfect casting and ... sound design. This is the sort of movie you admire more for its virtuosity than [its]story
A tour de force for Franco, certainly, but also for Boyle, who takes something you'd think impossible to film and somehow makes a compelling story out of it.
Danny Boyle makes you experience the ordeal in vivid, intimate details. You feel everything from the visceral agony to the utter triumph. It's brilliant movie-making
Una atrapante e increíble historia real de supervivencia, narrada por el director Danny Boyle con irregular imaginación y dinamismo. Se sostiene sobre todo gracias a la excelente actuación de James Franco.
A estratégia visual tumultuada, embora torne a narrativa mais dinâmica, eventualmente acaba também diluindo sua força.
You aren't always going to be comfortable when you watch '127 Hours.' But then you're not meant to be.
True life story of a man stuck between a rock and a hard place tells of an appreciation of life while in the throes of death.
127 Hours is ultimately about a man wrestling with his own hubristic mode of living, and paying a price for it, but living.
It's really solid filmmaking and daring.
As a follow-up to Slumdog Millionaire, 127 Hours shows Danny Boyle at the top of his form -- it's not a story many filmmakers would want to tackle, and few would handle it as well.
Franco is amazingly good and deserves what is his first Academy Award nomination.
That director Danny Boyle makes us feel the shock of relief as Ralston finally pulls away from his stony prison signals just how immersive a piece of first-person story-telling this is.
The story of a man stuck under a rock somehow becomes a whirring, frantic flight of cinematic bluster - enjoyable, even exhilarating at times, but frustratingly at odds with how one imagines the actual experience must have been.
Not only does Boyle's command of film style make 127 Hours an engaging experience, but it is also impressively used throughout the film to build and develop Ralston as a character.
This tale of male bravado is tedious and tiring and that amputation moment is stomach churning.
Boyle's film takes us back to the campfire for a story that is painful and powerful, as well as true.
127 Hours represents a moment of Darwinism personified and Danny Boyle a filmmaker with his finger pressed firmly against the pulse of human potential.
Don't let the violence put you off like it has with audiences in America, 127 Hours is a mountain of a film that is worth climbing.
A thrilling and life-affirming journey driven by James Franco's gut-wrenching performance and Danny Boyle's exuberant direction.
It doesn't matter how disarming Franco's single-handed performance is; there is simply not enough dramatic meat on the bones of Ralston's true story to distract us from where it is heading.
The arc of this film is not of a man getting trapped and finally getting free. It's of a man who has been isolated from the world for far more than 127 hours, and finally calling out for 'help'.
127 Hours is immersive cinema in the most gut wrenching sense.
A film that etches into our psyche with its extraordinary elements
Leads us to the edge - of humanity, sanity and to a place far beyond our comfort zone
127 Hours may be more a social media-driven cinema stunt than story, but it has triumphant moments, transcendent imagery and Franco's Oscar-nominated performance.
Worthwhile, but I would have preferred a less strenuous, more patient, less 'entertaining' production, without the hallucinated laugh track and the visions of Scooby-Doo...
[James Franco]'s as good to this film as Tom Hanks was to the similar, superior Cast Away.
Split screens, flashbacks, fantasy sequences, hallucinations, speed variations, helicopter shots and extreme reverse zooms are just a few weapons in [Boyle's] arsenal, but most potent of all is James Franco in the lead.
The psychological and physiological effects of a desperate man are played to maximum effect.
At its centre is a magnificent performance from James Franco...
At the end, we stagger like Ralston from the dark into the light. We might have both our arms left, but our nerves are just as terrorised.
The story lacks some suspense as the ending is known but Boyle compensates with a immersive drama, aided by some first-class camerawork. The ending is powerfully life-affirming.
It is, like a lot of Boyle's work, weirdly life affirming, capturing without sentimentality what it means to get a second chance to connect with what's important in life.
Stunningly filmed, the landscape's harsh beauty provides a tactile, overwhelming backdrop to a terrifying but ultimately transcendent experience.
Visually, sonically, and tonally, 127 Hours is too often at odds with itself in competing for our attention.
Boyle's zippy camerawork is a perfect fit for adrenaline-junkie Ralston ... [and James Franco] brilliantly conveys [his] cocky hubris and restless energy.
Continuing the unlikeliest of career renaissances that began with 2008's Milk, James Franco steps up to the plate yet again in this electrifying true story...
A visual tour-de-force, complemented by Franco's fearless performance, that holds us spellbound...
Yet again Boyle proves himself a masterful filmmaker in any genre.
A masterful slice of four-star cinema, featuring an irresistible performance by James Franco, breathtaking cinematography, and the kind of deep, searching soul that is absent from so much of what comes out of Hollywood
Danny Boyle can't help but return, over and over again, to material that's heavy on physical pain, mental paranoia and personal treachery.
It's a bravura piece of film-making that captures the resilience of the human spirit better than any movie since the Oscar-winning documentary Touching The Void, but it's uneasy viewing.
In taking a Movie of the Week plotline and giving it a technical supercharge, Boyle has restated his case among the front rank of filmmakers.
A highly watchable, increasingly claustrophobic 'thriller' which won't leave you feeling hacked off even if you already know the outcome.
Described by Boyle as an "action movie with a guy who can't move", 127 Hours is a dynamic gem that makes for thrilling, if often uneasy, viewing.
Franco acts his heart and soul out, as Ryan Reynolds did in Buried, a similar one-man agony opera in a confined space.
James Franco, who is rapidly emerging as one of the most promising actors of his generation, matches Boyle's technical brilliance with a mesmerising depiction of Ralston's strange internal journey.
For such a simple concept and arguably limited breadth, Boyle and Franco have excelled with a soul-searching drama that's as elative as it is stomach-turning.
A film that no sane movie exec would ever commission. Fortunately for us, though, there are no sane movie execs.
A surprisingly fun, effervescent against-the-odds drama that offers an upbeat moral without the usual punishing survival-story clichés. Not for the faint-hearted, mind.
Leave sick bags, bring hankies. Without softening the gruelling content, Boyle draws affecting and affirmative power from Ralston's story.
Most actors and directors would have made it about the physical manifestation of a dire situation, but Franco and Boyle realized that nothing overt could compare to the real source of power inherent in Ralston's escape from that canyon with his life.
Boyle's meddling occasionally distracts, but there is no denying the intensity and especially James Franco's skill at recreating climber Aron Ralston's ordeal.
It is one of the best films of the year, a gritty and triumphant inspirational story of one man's indomitable will to live despite the slimmest of odds.
...a film that is undeniably grueling, but also full of hope, oddball humor, and a reminder that no matter how bad you think things are, they can always be worse.
For a movie that actually shows in bloody detail a guy cutting his own arm off with a dull knife and drinking his own urine, it's pretty good.
Never really loses that feeling that it's mostly made up of dressing around a harrowing circumstance. But I will admit once you're comfortable with it being what it is, it's effective.
Director Boyle showcases his directorial versatility by taking a profile in courage and giving it a cinematic sheen that enhances the story without being excessive.
Despite its flaws, ranks as one of Boyle's better works, thanks to the power of the story and Franco's performance.
To me, the other miracle besides the survival of Aron, is that this static film held together for over ninety minutes without completely faltering.
Any other filmmaker would have probably taken a minimalist approach in crafting 127 Hours, but Boyle uses his signature kinetic style and visual prowess to make the movie seem as enormous as the Chrysler Building.
Someone please chop down Tony Robbins' beanstalk. Then sic a shark to "hug" Dr. Phil. And spill a scalding bowl of Chicken Soup for the Soul in the stupid chef's lap. Finally, America has a real deal, down-to-earth motivational icon.
The finest film Danny Boyle has made...time to throw an Oscar at James Franco.
In every sense, 127 Hours is masterful -- even brilliant -- filmmaking.
More Intense than Any of Franco's Work in "General Hospital".
What do you get when you let Danny Boyle put his spin on a fact-based cross of Cast Away and Into the Wild? An exhilarating episode of 'Who Wants to Be a Slumdog Mountaineer?'
At the start of 127 Hours, Aron is headed out, a direction, he reveals in voiceover, he perceives as a moral and philosophical imperative.
Franco single-handedly makes 127 Hours worth watching, but there's too much manufactured drama here for it to be anything more than an interesting, superbly-acted experiment that doesn't quite get the job done.
It's a stylish film, but the style always supports the storytelling, and Franco is easy to empathize with, despite his selfish tendencies. Like Slumdog Millionaire, Boyle makes what could be a depressing slog of a movie seem joyous and triumphant.
By turns funny, frightening, inspiring and, yes, nauseating, 127 Hours turns cinema into an extreme sport, leaving us satisfactorily spent.
James Franco is fantastic, and director Danny Boyle finds interesting ways of telling Ralston's story that thankfully do not rely on pedestrian flashbacks.
Like Ralston, Boyle is an adrenaline junkie, and the film's opening moments establish the searching energy of filmmaker and subject.
Visually creative, well-acted, and immensely immersive, it sends you out on a high, not on a low.
Mr. Franco transports us into Ralston's frame of mind in the five-plus days he remained trapped, surviving on a carefully-rationed 300ml of water and whatever wits he could maintain under such horrifying circumstances.
...a death defying feat of motion picture magic...
Boyle is such a gifted filmmaker that, in his hands, 127 Hours is genuinely -- and unsentimentally -- inspirational.
Boyle has always been an exceptionally stylish director, and, despite its limited setting, 127 Hours is a marvel of visual eye candy.
127 Hours packs a visceral punch even before the amputation scene. It's gory and gut-wrenching but strangely life-affirming; when facing death humans will go to the absolute last resort to survive. That's worth at least one thumb up, don't you think?
Sometimes stories of hope can serve a purpose, and this one is definitely needed...
I don't think I ever cursed at and with a movie so much. [Under my breath, of course.] But partway through the intense experience, movie magic occurs. Despite the gruesome circumstances, we get involved. And the ending is rapturous.
If character is destiny, then Ralston was the architect of his own fate.
Astonishing visual telling of a man who survived certain death without the aid of The Third Man.
The brave are rewarded with a bold, unflinching depiction of perseverance, eased along with a potent display of domestic deliverance, making the feature worth enduring the dizzying displays of courageous self-sacrifice.
Franco, Boyle, and company take a true-life adventure tale and turn it into a homespun American homily for the age of digital video. Resist the temptation to mentally retitle it A Farewell to Arms.
The chaotic scenes with the frenzied, irritating and loud music did nothing to allow us to know Ralston. That's the movie I wish I'd seen.
Being stuck with James Franco is well worth it and the film manages to stay hopeful despite the situation.
Ralston may be pinned in one spot, but Boyle's camera is anything but, taking us to every place a frantic mind could wander while under such strain.
Directed and co-written by Danny Boyle in a style that travels from ecstatic to nerve-wracking and back, this is a film about perseverance, strength and the importance of always letting people know where you're going.
Fair warning, oh squeamish ones: 127 Hours does not shy away from (nor does it stint on) Ralston's ultimate method of obtaining egress from his predicament. Which is exactly as it should be.
Boyle gives us an unrelenting film, with pitch-perfect pacing and tension, never overstaying the story's welcome. Franco's portrayal is magnificent, reflecting more colors than a Utah sky at sunset.
There is so much inherent drama in the story that Boyle's whiz-banging feels unnecessary and disrespectful.
...Boyle is in total command of his medium here, showing us how a movie about a guy pinned by a rock in a small cramped canyon can be turned into 90 minutes of highly charged, emotionally uplifting drama.
The nightmare becomes a tribute to Ralston's bravery -- without casting him as a hero. He just got tired of waiting to die and decided to live.
[It] will blow you away -- for its audacity; for James Franco's performance; for the way that, by the end, it leaves you feeling connected to the strangers sitting next to you, and happier to be part of humankind.
The most transformative movie-going experience of 2010. 127 Hours is not about a man who cuts off his own arm, but one who discovers a reason f or living that is far more important to him than a mere limb.
Turns out that if you're alone in the wilderness and your arm is wedged under a rock, cutting it off with a dull knife isn't as easy as you'd think.
Three years ago, the Onion A.V. Club ran a list of great films that are too painful to watch twice. That list has a new Number One.
This stays with you for a long time because of the obvious human connection. Like the people who lived through the plane crash in "Alive", we wonder how we might react in the same situation.
A character study without a character... [but] it would be more than foolish to deny that it's a thrillingly assembled piece of pop craftsmanship.
Gripping, but those of us who were hoping Boyle might turn this into something extraordinary will be disappointed.
Danny Boyle is still incapable of keeping his camera still, straight or in focus, and his 'directorial style' is more blatant and distracting than ever.
Franco's performance was brilliant but the real star here is director Danny Boyle who figured out a way to keep this film moving at a fast pace.
We know the beginning and the end of the story going in but a wonderfully inventive writer-director and his star have interested us in what happened in between - that's the movie's real triumph.
There's the indomitable human spirit -- and then there's Aron Ralston.
Shiver-making moments aside, in a important way 127 Hours suffers from the filmmaker's lack of nerve, a reluctance to let the audience taste Ralston's dread and the expectation of a slow, absurd death.
In his impressive follow-up to Slumdog Millionaire, the Academy Award-winning director honors the lure of solitude while at the same time celebrating the beautiful necessity of other people.
Ralston seems to love living his life on the ragged edge of disaster, and Boyle's filmmaking rides that same narrow edge, to breathtaking effect.
Franco is a remarkably engaging actor - a prerequisite here - but Boyle, understandably, tricks up his predicament with a slew of Ralston's imaginings and fantasies and swaddles everything in a throbbing synthopop score.
If Oscar overlooks Franco, it would be a travesty. It would also be a shame to avoid seeing 127 Hours simply because the subject matter makes you wince.
Aside from an exhilarating opening and a gruesome climax, the movie isn't all that rich emotionally; all the visual razzle-dazzle winds up serving a pat lesson about people needing other people.
For a movie about a brush with death, 127 Hours bursts with life.
It's a movie worth seeing, even when it's barely watchable.
As Aron, Franco brings tremendous charm and depth to a virtual solo performance piece.
127 Hours is one of the great survival stories and easily one of the most inspirational, triumphal things you will ever see. You will walk out of the film not depressed, but elated.
While I wasn't as completely impressed with this film compared to some of Boyle's past offerings (and especially his last one), it's still quite good. (Parental Review also Available)
An exhilarating and triumphant story, told in gripping fashion.
While Danny Boyle's directorial range is wide, he says each project holds one central tenant near and dear: life-affirming themes. But what you've never seen Boyle do is a true story -- that is, until now.
A movie about so much more than just a bloody punchline. Director Danny Boyle knows this and has accordingly made what may be his best film, to date.
"127 Hours," about an unimaginably unbearable experience, is pretty much an unbearable experience of its own.
The latest from Danny Boyle is actually an ode to survival, a bracing story of man and nature and an exhilarating sensory experience. It's my favorite movie so far this year.
How do you make a movie about immobility? For a hyperactive stylist like Boyle, whose movies are at best thrillingly kinetic and at worst represent death by a thousand cuts, the solution turns out to be absurdly simple. He heads inward.
One of the season's best [with] a performance by James Franco that's impressive in its range and vividness.
Franco commands the screen and puts 127 Hours on his back, even as Boyle's impatient, overly stylized approach tries to take it away from him.
From such harrowing beginnings, it's rather awesome what an entertaining film Danny Boyle has made with "127 Hours."
Boyle proves skilled at blurring the real and the imaginary.
Combining elements of a 'music video' aesthetic with subtle, intimate moments and epic John Ford vistas, Boyle never gives the audience a moment to tire of the difficult subject matter.
Franco gives a powerhouse performance in the one-man centerpiece role, humanizing the movie and providing its emotional core.
Not a film to be viewed lightly. It is the stuff of myth told in a modern vernacular, harsh, exuberant, and ultimately life-changing
Trim and focused without an ounce of narrative fat, 127 Hours is a thrillingly immersive viewing experience.
I felt myself deteriorating at much the same rate Ralston was, making his ability to overcome his travails all the more exhilarating.
...does everything it can to show us anything other than just Franco between rocks, as if the director doesn't trust his star to be sufficiently compelling by himself.
Danny Boyle and James Franco made '127 Hours' another reason to never lose your faith in the magic of movie making.
Boyle's style is never less than energizing, as it manages to keep this incredibly cramped space interesting.
As Franco goes from fearful to resigned to resentful of the spot he's in, we're absolutely hooked.
Like all great movies, "127 Hours" takes us on a memorable journey. Which is not easy when 90 percent of the movie takes place with a virtually immobile hero in a very cramped setting.
Boyle's skill at wringing physical and emotional reactions from his audience is impressive; watching 127 Hours is, as intended, an experience of grueling intensity.
Danny Boyle pumps every frame of 127 Hours with cinematic adrenaline that declares war on the dull gravity of docudrama. And James Franco does the best, most natural and nuanced acting of his career to date, lacing terror with bracing humor.
This intimate film is a far superior work to the Oscar winning crowd pleaser [Slumdog Millionaire] of two years ago.
...a deft thriller, about 90 minutes long that, once the accident occurs, keeps the viewer riveted throughout.
As long as you have an idea of what you're in for, 127 Hours is more weirdly entertaining than it is grim.
One of the year's best films: Anchored by James Franco's astounding performance, 127 Hours is a more sharply focused, more emotionally touching, and more technically impressive work than Danny Boyle's 2008 Oscar-winner Slumdog Millionaire.
In the end, "127 Hours" is one man's incredible, unforgettable journey; it took the extraordinary alchemy of Boyle and Franco to also make it ours.
Boyle and his co-screenwriter Simon Beaufoy have taken what could have been the man vs. nature equivalent of torture porn and transformed it into a visceral, exhilarating drama about hope, life and the need to belong to something greater than one's self.
To say that this movie gets under your skin is only barely a figure of speech. It pins you down, shakes you up and leaves you glad to be alive.
127 Hours may be occasionally overdirected, but it's never under-felt... and more importantly, Franco's work goes a long way toward making Ralston's story live.
significant, moving, and extraordinary
127 Hours is more entertaining than it has any right to be.
The setting may seem constricting, but Boyle captures the intensity of Ralston's experience in a swift, agonizing, defiantly cinematic 90 minutes.
Sleek and stylish, harrowing yet heartening, Danny Boyle and James Franco bring their best picture to the big screen.
Director Boyle and writer Beaufoy unflinchingly present the surefire horror of this real-life nightmare while making 127 Hours truly uplifting and even entertaining.
You're not going to do much better than Danny Boyle.
[Danny Boyle] turns what could have been dry docudrama into an emotionally gripping work of art, and in doing so, crafts his best film yet.
127 Hours becomes the one-man Franco show, and the actor gives a tour-de-force performance.
There are 127 different ways to frame a conversation about 127 Hours, and that's a hallmark of a good film.
Intense, nerve-wracking and terrifying, building to an emotional climax. It's agony - sheer agony - and viscerally compelling.
A riveting and creative wilderness story directed by the inimitable Danny Boyle about a loner and his courage and perseverance in the face of hopelessness.
Aestheticizing Ralston's calamity animates Boyle's facile themes of modernity vs. nature, body vs. mind.
There are moments of genius in this film, jumbled up with the kind of excess Boyle can't help but indulge. His response to the constricted task before him is to break out with more unbridled style than ever.
Fraught with tension, yet never claustrophobic, 127 Hours is a phenomenal piece of work in which a fine actor and an innovatively cinematic director join forces to keep you gasping for oxygen all the way.
The director refuses to allow a minute to pass free from intrusive embellishment.
It's a crazy stunt of a movie, the kind of dare that only Oscar-winners get to blow their goodwill on. And still, Boyle might have bested himself again.
James Franco gives a physically and emotionally devastating performance that's one for the books.
A passionate, bloody argument for engagement with the world.
127 Hours is unflinching in its depiction of what constitutes the "will to live."
Boyle's film is dynamic and alive, a celebration of life instead of a contemplation of death...It's absolutely one of the year's best.
May I humbly suggest the term "visceral" be retired from any future film reviews? Because after seeing Danny Boyle's extraordinary, gut wrenching movie, I can't imagine any other topping it in the slam to the gut category.
The adventurous will be treated to a film that builds to a beautifully calibrated emotional climax.
127 Hours is the kind of movie you absolutely must see once and then, battered and broken, you'll never want to see it again.
Gripping, thrilling, excruciating, inspirational. One of the best movies of the year.
On par with Danny Boyle's milestone benchmarks, 127 Hours is a visually-stunning, visceral and emotional experience that makes it one of the year's best films.
You might not come out of the movie knowing what it feels like to cut off your own limb, but you'll understand why you would.
In brutal makeover as that tortured vessel for the duration is Franco, beating himself up for his art as that reckless prankster personality. And equally humbled by the contradictory awesome beauty turned terrifying indifference of the natural world.
Thrillingly directed, superbly written and featuring a terrific central performance from James Franco, this is a gripping drama that plays like a real-life version of Buried.
Boyle's poppy conceptual razzmatazz simply suggests the man as a contestant on America's Next Top Mountain Climber, all style for the sake of style.
Thrillingly directed, superbly written and featuring a terrific central performance from James Franco, this is a gripping drama that plays like a real-life version of Buried.
Claustrophobic and cinematic, humorous and ghoulish.
I have never before seen something yucky on screen make an entire cinema audience suddenly hunch forward and bury their heads in their laps at the same time, as if in some secular mosque for wimps.
127 Hours offers a daunting challenge to a filmmaker: How do you rivet an audience when your protagonist can't even move? The answer is that there's an awesome freedom to Danny Boyle's filmmaking.
Gripping and surprisingly lively account of rock-climber Aron Ralston's ordeal while trapped in a Utah canyon. James Franco excels in this virtual one-man show.
You don't get the triumph of human survival without the brutal reality of Aron's sacrifice. Don't be afraid to look. It's good for you.
It's a coming-of-age story -- blunt, mythic, gut-wrenching.
It's a shame Boyle admittedly worried about audience squeamishness, because there's this constant feeling that the movie is about to get much more intense, and it simply never happens.
The manner in which Boyle stages and Franco portrays his eventual march to the first people he has seen in five days is reminiscent of George Bailey's triumphant run through Bedford Falls in It's a Wonderful Life and no less powerful.
At its best, 127 Hours is transporting in the way it puts us right in the middle of Aron Ralston's ordeal and perfectly conveys what forced him to make a decision that many of us couldn't conceive.
There?s never much reason to root for Aron Ralston unless you?re simply hoping for a happy ending.
...a technically impressive piece of work that simply isn't as consistently engrossing as one might've expected.
Danny Boyle's dramatization of the real-life ordeal of outdoorsman Aron Ralston boasts the kind of conceptual riskiness that a director has the cachet to tackle only after, say, delivering a crowd-pleasing Best Picture Oscar-winner.
Boyle turns the near-death tale into a riveting re-enactment that will keep audiences squirming in their seats.
Franco is up to every bit of Boyle's challenge, capturing Aron's transition from clownish outdoorsman and party boy to an introspective chronicler of his own impending demise and a visionary lunatic.
127 Hours combines the power of cinema with a great story to terrify us and move us in equal measure. Said simply, it's wonderful.
Another great film from Danny Boyle featuring a potentially Oscar-worthy performance from James Franco.
In a compelling solo turn, Franco turns his natural charisma and playfulness into character flaws, letting us see how Ralston's overconfidence and casual approach to mountaineering wound up putting him in harm's way.
127 Hours is a powerful movie experience, and you owe it to yourself to see it theatrically for the full unforgettable impact.
Mr. Franco is simply terrific, and Mr. Boyle's trademark exuberance creates a dizzying succession of images that get the movie not only out of the canyon but into its hero's mind.
What could have been static and deadly dull comes blazingly to life in this powerful and compelling story of one man's will to survive.
Boyle is such a gifted director that he overcomes the obstacles and might even match the commercial success of his earlier Oscar winner.
[Franco's] take on Ralston feels both credible and compelling; few actors could have made us care so much, or disappeared so completely into the role.
It's a testament to the supreme craft and professionalism of Danny Boyle and his crew that watching 127 Hours feels a bit like having surgery; the kind where you're asked to bite down on something.


@highlight

As gut-wrenching as it is inspirational, 127 Hours unites one of Danny Boyle's most beautifully exuberant directorial efforts with a terrific performance from James Franco.