Step Up 3D doesn't have to be anything more than a series of completely magnificent dance sequences (all that tasty, candied melodrama is just a binding agent). And the dancing does not disappoint. It's virtuosic and exciting and borderline magical.
Blends the narrative, the dancing, and the music in a vibrant way that hasn't been captured before. Otherwise, it's really just more of the same.
With each successive film, whatever passes for story becomes all the more shallow and trite--and the movies as a whole actually get *better*.
Plotting along at an infantile level, the story here is nothing new and hardly means anything.
Genuine and genuinely infectious.
Incredibly stupid in just about every way. And yet, it had what may have been my favorite scene at the movies this year...[Blu-ray 3D]
The latest entry in a consistently underwhelming series...
Whilst the film attempts to advocate the organic and liberating tenets of dance, it contradicts this message though consumerism and unashamed product placement.
The only laugh comes during the end credits, when the phrase 'featuring characters created by Duane Adler' pops up onto the screen. This film had characters? Now that's entertainment.
Step Up 3D is one D too many. This gimmick-laden film is filled with clichés in the production as well as the script.
Step Up 3D ima isforsiranih momenata no na sreću takvih je malo pa vrijeme provedeno ispred ekrana relativno brzo prolazi
full review at Movies for the Masses
Who needs competent acting and writing when there are so many shiny, pretty things flying right at you?
This, the latest variation on the "follow your dream" dance fantasy, draws an ever sharper line between tip-top street dance and bottom-of-the-class dialogue and acting.
While I did have fun while watching it, I can't say for sure if I would have been quite so forgiving if I had actually paid to see it.
The 3-D at its best pops (a red-gloved dancer bursts out from the screen as if diving through a window), but more often it's merely Dramamine-inducing.
This is a very silly movie, but it's a pretty fun one as well.
When Step Up 3D isn't throwing stuff at the crowd, its dance sequences do jump out of the screen in a pretty cool way. The routines are impressive, but the plot less so.
A major notch above its predecessors if only for its magnificent dance sequences and skillful choreography, but that doesn't mean you should invest time in it...
It sounds bad but I still had fun. It's got creative dance moves, decent choreography and a solid soundtrack.
Who would've thought the best use of 3-D yet in film would be a "Step Up" movie?
For a change, the 3D gimmickry actually works, particularly with Chadd "Madd Chadd" Smith's uncanny robot-dance moves.
A swooping visual delight!
... the dances are juiced up with all kinds of snazzy digital effects ... Were the dances digitally created as well? Maybe not, but the suspicion alone is fatal.
It's all about the moves, and I count the film's moronic perkiness as a plus: it could be the dumbest thing all year that I have to admit enjoying.
Unless you're a Happy Meal-wielding tween, you should probably step off
Those who would like a storyline not caressed by cliché had better beware.
There are moments of energetic charm here, but the script is so painfully poor, and the plot's creaky turns so unintentionally comedic, that they're all but lost in the noise.
It's like Muppets Take Manhattan, but replace a milquetoast young artiste for an amnesiac frog and a group of muppets for a post-racial group of seamlessly integrated metrosexuals.
This movie gets points for knowing it is just a dance movie and never trying to be anything else.
I think it actually honors the art form of dance, but not in a solemn, highbrow way.
If you actually like the hiphop style of dancing, much of the film is given over to energetic displays,although one is hardpressed to say why one group... deserves to win.
It's the only one of the trilogy gauche enough to be amusing... so loopy that you'd need to have a heart of flint not to be carried away.
Bad acting and loud, insurmountable narrative gear-grinding completely derail an admirable lesson -- that the human body remains one of if not the most engaging big screen special effects there is.
Likely to leave even unworldly 12-year-olds rolling, rather than breakin', in the aisles.
Even with the addition of 3-D it feels as if the Step Up series has nothing new to offer.
The film screeches to a grinding halt every time the impressive dancing stops.
a trial to endure
By adding 3D, Step Up 3 has morphed from a film into that creepy guy who dances at you in clubs.
[A]n awfully nice movie, with its heart in the right place... [but] deeply incompetent [and] chock full of terribly cliché[s]...
"Step Up 3D" has pedestrian acting, weak dialog and a storyline that might as well have been generated by an iPhone ap. It's a good thing that nobody is buying tickets to see this movie for its dramaturgy.
This is NOT the first 3-D movie musical, as advertised, and the blandness of Malambri and Vinson can't compare with the charisma of Fred & Ginger or Gene Kelly with a broomstick.
Best use of 3D I've seen all year. Doesn't set the world on fire and not genre defining, so if you don't like these types of films, this isn't going to change your mind. For the rest of us, it's a fun ride and truly a showcase for effective 3D use.
Calling it the best Step Up isn't even enough. It's the most awesome movie of the year. These dancers are the best special effects in Hollywood, and they're real.
Everyone in the cast can dance, even if only half can act. The revelation is 18-year-old Sevani -- he's got the ease of Gene Kelly and he can do the robot.
Formulaic fluff, amateurishly acted and clumsily directed in the non-musical scenes. But the dancing has energy and verve.
Functions less as a story than as a catalog of references meant to interest a young audience: mixed martial arts, parkour, X-games, Red Hook, Chinatown, D.I.Y. filmmaking.
Still as light on story as it is on its feet, but audiences looking to get a cinematic workout from the high-stepping action served up here could do a lot worse.
An even mix of innovative dance and clichéd drama.
Unabashedly corny, contrived and comes alive with irresistibly captivating, eye-popping energy during the vibrant dance numbers.
Character and plausibility is never going to be this film's strong point; it's all about the moves. And in that at least, it's no let-down.
Even by the rock-bottom standards of dance movies, the script is abysmal: formulaic and dumb.
Plotwise, this is a slow dance indeed, with the players partnered-up with club-footed clichés and some deeply one-dimensional characters.
The movie's cheese, with cheese on the side -- and a portion of impressive footwork.
Fun dance routines are best part of otherwise boring movie.
Step Up 3D reaches, on occasion, the heights of the classic Hollywood musical. It's a pity about the script.
Yikes, that is one terrible storyline, but no one goes to these kinds of movies for that, do they? No way.
Just as people go to the Final Destination films for the death scenes, anyone still turning out to see a Step Up flick is in it for the dance scenes, not the character arcs.
There is some awkward editing and cheesy showing-off, but the dancers' tremendous talent is given the focus it deserves.
It's hard to hate as relentlessly upbeat a film as the weightless Step Up 3D. It's also hard to remember it for very long, it sits so lightly upon the brain.
The dance scenes are inventive and pop out in all kinds of strange places.
Though director Jon Chu brings admirable energy and imagination to Step Up 3D's dance extravaganzas, he can't animate shockingly wooden performances or cure stumble-footed dialogue.
Eye-popping dance-floor awesomeness and jaw-dropping dramatic awfulness combine to produce the must-see dumbest movie of the year and possibly even of the 21st century -- and yes, I know we've still got nine decades to go.
The main reason to see Step Up 3D is for the high-energy dancing and innovative camerawork, and on those points it delivers.
Saw 3D looked like the scariest tri-dimensional offering at the movies this year. Until now.
Would it be a better musical experience if when Gene Kelly splashed about in Singin' in the Rain, you saw each drop of water bouncing towards you?
Step Up 3D is as supremely exhilarating and thoroughly terrible as fans of the series might've expected.
Step Up 3-D is worth seeing for the amazing Fred Astaire homage sequence. Jon Chu nailed the longest 3D single-take shot in cinema history. The 3D was even great!
The mischievous Sevani remains one to watch, but Vinson and Malambri are as bland as the hackneyed story surrounding them.
An exhilarating summer treat for all ages, Step Up 3D celebrates the transformative power of dance.
The dance sequences in Step Up 3-D are thrilling, but the script is strictly 1-D.
You really can't say that the 3-D helps bring this series full circle. More like a straight line of cheesiness that features more covered crotch comin' at ya than a Jim Wynorski film.
The script doesn't even try to find an edge, serving scripted tripe to unprepared actors, making the dramatic stretches of the movie a real pain to sit through. The feature should've cut footloose and stayed there.
As was the case with the past films, it's too bad the directing, writing & performing of the surrounding drama isn't as fun or entertaining (as the dancing), but when this film kicks into high gear, it's a blast to watch. (Parental Review also Available)
It's like West Side Story and Singing in the Rain had a three way with the Devil, and this was the result.
Some of the visual razzmatazz isn't as polished as it should be, but the dance sequences, especially the go-for-broke finale, more than compensate for that.
Of all the pitfalls potentially awaiting new freshmen at New York University, one I've never heard mentioned is the dance pimp.
Rhythmically, athletically and energetically, Step Up 3D does not disappoint.
Of all the films in this series this is easily the silliest (which is saying something, let me tell you) and having to suffer through all the soap opera dramatics in order to watch the eye-popping dance numbers just isn't worth it.
The dancing works early and often, rendering the substantial plot holes moot.
Cheesy? A bit, but using 3-D to enhance the dance floor feels more honest than the dull 3-D of The Last Airbender.
Between 3-D and regular viewing, the only way to see Step Up 3D is not to.
There's a marvelous masked tango to "Bust Your Windows" and an adorable nod to screen legends as they dance along a sidewalk.
There's no need for the Screenwriting 101 structure, our demands are too simple: just shut up and dance.
Using 3-D to tell this trite story is, as they say, like putting lipstick on a pig.
If you're nine years old you'll really be into it. If you're somewhat older you'll be wondering why they suddenly decided to remake Rent as a children's film.
The conventions of quality cinema just got served.
Watching this movie in 3-D is very much like sticking one's head in a blender and hitting "pulse.''
Alas, the extra dimension doesn't compensate for a clichéd, predictable plot, one dimensional characters, mediocre performances and dopey dialogue.
While director Jon M. Chu's acrobatic cast proves adept at moonwalks and break-dances -- and even tangos and tap -- not a one displays anything even closely approximating charisma.
It's the same movie as the earlier "gotta dance" over-choreographed crunk-and-breakdance epics. Exactly the same. Well, stripped of any hint of edge or sex appeal.
Sure, it's nifty enough to see dust particles swirling or hands swooshing at you, but mostly the 3-D muddles the invention and exquisiteness of the film's raison d'être: the dancing.
Some sick moves get even sicker; some become distorted and freakishly distracting.
Even if you've heard the one about the high-stakes dance contest that Manhattan street performers must win to hold onto their communal home, you've never seen it done quite like this.
If only there were more drop kicks and fewer banal lines.
Director Jon Chu is, to lesser acclaim, a modern day Busby Berkeley; he's a choreographer, not a storyteller.
While the 3D dance scenes pop off the screen, the lines -- and clichéd plot -- are delivered with a resounding clunk.
It boasts a generous exuberance and, as entertainment products go, it's surprisingly sweet.
The 3D, as well as the rehashed plot, do little to enhance the frequently phenomenal dancing in this third "Step Up" film.
How can you not find a space in your heart for a 21st century villain saddled with the name Julien?
Two words: LASER FINGERS!
The ninth plague of Egypt: 3D films for those with a mental age of six.
This is all about the moves and on that score Step Up 3D is BFAB - blatant fun; almost brilliant.
Step Up 3D features superb 3D effects and suitably impressive dance sequences but it fails to connect on an emotional level...
The dance sequences are glittery, percussive explosions of citified youth energy.
Isn't really as good as the underrated 1980s diptych, Breakin' and the superb Breakin' 2: Electric Boogalo...
A reliable guilty pleasure takes a dramatic step backward but a technological step forward.
Clumsy dramatics aside, this gimmicky sequel delivers on the dance floor.
All the energy goes into the dancing, which is considerable fun.
It's a contemporary movie musical that makes you feel genuinely sky-high.
If you can ignore what is an undoubted handful of shame thrown upon yourself by checking this film out, you'll have a great time along the way.
You can forgive the lacklustre plot and the cheesy set-ups, it's worth strapping in for the ride.
So devoid of spark and humour that no matter how loud or fast or yoof it gets, it still feels like an endless slog.
Some of the best street dancing ever committed to the big screen.
the dance sequences are as unique and imaginative as any storytelling form any filmmaker's attempted this year.
Get lyrical people, Step Up 3D is foot-tapping fun.
Pipped at the post by Streetdance 3D, this energetic dance film is entertaining enough but doesn't step up to any challenges
It's not good, but it's a lot of fun.


@highlight

It may not contain believable acting or a memorable plot, but Step Up 3-D delivers solid choreography and stunning visuals.