A fascinating study in cross-cultural communication, as well as a deeply personal examination of family dynamics.
What is learned? Not so much how cultures impinge on each other as how cinema shapes our lives.
Highly watchable.
The director's visit wasn't long enough to fully humanize this culture clash, but some of the movie's conclusions seem universal.
Though these scenes may have energy, they're also mostly noise -- distractions from a collection of scenes without a driving force.
Ultimately, it's the movies shown that make Reel Paradise so buoyant, for it speaks to the universality of a medium we often take for granted.
Unfortunately, the Piersons can be so unpleasant that watching them misbehave in Taveuni becomes a chore.
An amusingly damning portrait of a man trying to impose his will on a world that, really, has better things to do.
I found the 10 days of free films to be the intriguing part of Reel Paradise and the Piersons' life to be something more interesting to them than to me.
A funny fly-on-the-wall account of how the Piersons ingratiated themselves to the community, with uneven results.
its scattershot structure makes it disappointing and its preeminent focus on the social problems the Piersons encounter grows tiresome
You are buoyed by the purity of the islanders' responses to some of what Pierson shows them: the Three Stooges, Buster Keaton and, most delightedly, Jackass: The Movie.
Serves not only as a charming, witty glimpse into an American nuclear family uprooted to browner pastures, but also as an exploration of how Hollywood product is viewed outside the Lower 48.
The Piersons are warm, funny people, and most of Reel Paradise shows them comically bickering with each other and laughing at the absurdity of the whole project.
Tthe comic fallout from his quixotic mission keeps Reel Paradise watchable.
Anyone who has relocated to a totally different environment will relate.
The results stay with you, like memories of an unexpected and surprising vacation.
Sometimes it's not whether you succeed, but whether you try.
Pierson is a high-powered egotist with appalling tastes and a great-white-father complex, and his whiny family is about as much fun as fingernails on a blackboard.
Flames out early, with Pierson's ... ego quickly overriding the potentially fascinating socio-cultural effect of exposing the Third World to the wonders of Jackass.
An entertaining, true-life 'fish out of water' story worth catching on the big screen.
One wish[es] James could have followed him and his family from the beginning of their year-long adventure, rather than being swept in at the emotional tail end.
Can be voyeuristically interesting...[but] James fails to justify this for-hire, backfired vanity project in an age glutted with reality TV.
...a remarkable take on reality programming in that it feels very much like The Osbornes meets Survivor call it Real World: Survivor Island: Fiji.
These are among sporadic scenes of interest captured by director James, but if a larger point is being made, it's hard to say what.
Movie love in all of its absurd, sometimes hilarious and deeply heartfelt mutations is a big part of Reel Paradise.
A warm-hearted but sometimes troubling look at ego and the effects of social engineering in the name of doing good. It's captivating viewing all the same.
The pointless end result isn't that different from any disposable reality TV program.
Arriving for the last month of the Pierson family's sojourn, James artfully captures the flavor of their yearlong stay.
An enormously warm, comic travelogue about how you can go to the ends of the earth and still not escape from temperamental teenagers, absentee landlords and the universal language of moving pictures.
This is what a sabbatical should be for.
Overlong at nearly two hours but still a sharp and amusing and subtle piece of filmmaking.
could have been a great short film
If Reel Paradise were being shown anywhere but on Tavianu or in New York, I doubt they could give it away.
The first role in Pierson's career that looks awful on him is that of a family-man missionary bringing free movies to the natives in the egregious documentary Reel Paradise.
I wouldn't complain if this kind of reality entertainment stayed on TV-for free.
Steve James's absorbing documentary follows a family to the rural Fijian island of Taveuni, where they showed free movies in the world's most remote movie theater.
Now if only reality television were this good.
Many of us movie buffs have fantasized about running our own theater -- but John Pierson (host of IFC's Split Screen) actually got to do it, for a whole year.
Reel Paradise would certainly appeal to the film buff, but its attraction really lies with the engrossing profile of this family living on its own Mosquito Coast.
Unfortunately, what could have been a superficially amusing IFC reality series was stretched into a thin, overlong feature that follows the rocky integration of this very New York clan into a somewhat ruffled island society.
May be screened in film courses as an example of how the Guru of Independent Film came to bow before the altar of Hollywood blockbusters.
Shot like a reality television show without the vulgar antics associated with most of them.
In addition to painting an engaging portrait of the Pierson clan, Reel Paradise quite simply captures the pure, unfiltered joy of the movies.
James uses his thoughtful observation to create a portrait of a family that sort of adapted and sort of refused to adapt to a new way of life.
An engaging docu about his year-long stint showing free movies to the locals at what's purportedly the world's most remote cinema.
It's an engrossing and often very funny tale.
Reel Paradise has all the feel of a labor of love -- about a labor of love. It's funny, heartfelt, gripping.

@highlight

The travails of the Piersons as they try to adjust to a radically different culture while introducing American cinema to it makes for amusing viewing.