Supremely and superbly character-driven, this film is a throwback to many of the best police dramas of the past.
The ensemble cast is natural, lively and truthful. The balance of personal stories and criminal cases is perfect.
It has the makings for a pretty good cop show. But as a movie, this 'inside' look at the dozen or so dedicated members of the Parisian Child Protection Unit is conspicuously lacking in coherence and depth.
It gets across its message on the plight of the innocent children.
The French drama is a gritty and intimate look at big-city detectives that had me wondering what the French word for "wire" is.
...a tough and mostly rewarding ride, sort of like a full season of a novelistic cable drama like The Wire compressed into a two-hour serving ...
[O]ne of the best based-on-facts police pictures.
Polisse connects fitfully through its sheer urgency -- it's a work of deep feeling. But the movie, which opts for a baseline emotional setting of overheated, eventually starts to come across as pummeling, and one-note.
A (chaotic) tour-de-force ...
It's an affecting film that's has stuck with me since I left the theatre.
Whatever you think of it, you won't be neutral.
Bluntly edited, with no hand-holding transitional scenes, the film is an intimate portrait of an idealistic, understaffed, sometimes wrongheaded team battling youth prostitution, thievery rings and adult predators from every class of society.
"Polisse" made me wonder how to say, "Its reach exceeds its grasp," in French.
Though made as a feature film, Polisse looks suspiciously like a few episodes of medium-quality TV stapled together...a contender for one of the most overrated films of 2012.
A cohesive energy and dramatic weight draws us ever tighter to its gut wrenching centre
It plays out like a vibrant, explosive slice of life .... It's not always comfortable to watch, but one thing is assured: this is one film you will not forget
An urgent, fly-on-the-wall affair that plays out like a grittier big-screen take on its more famous, US TV-related cousins.
The performances are uniformly excellent, but the charismatic rapper Joeystarr is particularly impressive as an idealistic, insubordinate cop with a short fuse.
It's a well-done film, but also leaves me a little cold, even as I admire the way Maïwenn is willing to forego most of the stock button-pushing moments of the typical police drama.
It's like the French version of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, except every case is one that would send Detective Elliot Stabler totally mental and inspire him to punch a wall or two.
"Polisse" draws us uncomfortably close to a taboo subject then rewards us with real nourishment.
A drama with interesting moments, but also some false notes and a wildly bizarre ending.
So amorphous, volatile and multi-plotted it could be a rough cut.
It's restless and compelling, ragged and moving.
Even though it crumbles under any close scrutiny, you feel there would be scope for a less hysterical sequel.
Maiwenn's third feature walks the line between docudrama and melodrama, but is grounded by horror all too human.
Impressively directed, powerfully moving and frequently shocking fly-on-the-wall French police drama with a strong script and terrific performances from a fine ensemble cast.
Not for the faint-hearted, but it feels like the truth.
This challenging police-procedural docudrama is worth watching closely and taking seriously.
Paints a compellingly authentic picture of the mentally gruelling life on the job.
It's melodramatic to the point of lunacy, but an intense ride you won't soon forget.
Has an infectious energy and aims for a bottom-up, slice-of-life air characterised by naturalistic performances and a fly-on-the-wall shooting style.
Ultimately, engaging as it might be from scene to scene, Polisse fails to make a convincing statement about the toll that a life spent investigating depravity takes.
Cutting between some of the unit's traumatised case work and the dysfunctional personal lives of the agents, it's messy, immersive and vital.
Unsparing in its portrayal of the seedier side of French society, only Polisse's loose focus keeps it from matching The Class for emotional punch.
Polisse is a fantastically compelling and complex portrait of the men and women who devote their days to the safety of children, and who must come to accept that the cycle of abuse and hardship rarely ends at their intervention.
Polisse is a film not about police but about police films. It delivers in that regard, but its thin psychological component and attention-grabbing showiness deny it lasting importance.
A different kind of cop drama, Polisse tackles material sure to make some uncomfortable but does so without losing the humanity amongst the horror of crimes against children.
Great camera work and postproduction combined with the genuine grit of police work make this a film to see.
Will be hard to take for most auds but is definitely worthwhile, on a subject mainstream Hollywood wouldn't touch with a barge pole.
When the chunks are strong, you can imagine whole films being built around them; when they're not, you wish someone had found the resolve to cut them out.
I'm all for saving children but I find movies like Polisse exploiting the subject for cheap drama. When an artist can make you forget you're watching an 'important' movie then that's when art can elevate real life tragedy.
It's messy, boring, funny, suspenseful, touching, jubilant and tragic.
A fascinating multicharacter drama about the police who work in Paris' child protection unit.
Rarely does one see a movie so knowing in some respects and so clueless in others.
The film's one great scene ... is cancelled out by the baroquely improbable and absurdly overwrought ending.
All the tears I shed were hard-earned. So were all the laughing and clapping and eye-covering.
The mosaic of cases and caseworkers is like a season of The Wire distilled into two hours.
The film's director and co-writer is Maiwenn, an actress and now third-time filmmaker, who is accomplished at following several story lines and weaving them together.
The writing is multi-layered with the interweaving storylines crossing effortlessly.
The large ensemble cast works well, especially during the many investigations, but the photographer Melissa character feels forced, an indulgence by the filmmaker, I think.
Its gritty ambition makes it hard to dismiss.
[It] reveals, in a time of political turbulence, some of the subtle peculiarities of French society.
Editor Laure Gardette often uses visual motifs to segue from one scene to a completely different one, giving a nice flow to a story which is actually continually upending us.
Over the film's more-than-two-hour running time we are immersed in the lives of these cops as they attempt both to see justice done and to preserve their sanity.
Hard-hitting...employs real situations but fictional characters to powerful dramatic effect.
It's filled with shocking dialogue and disturbing content, but treats it all in a strangely facile way.
Inspired by a documentary, the film is shot with vérité immediacy and beautifully acted by an outstanding ensemble.
While never exploitative, "Polisse" can be extremely disturbing.
[A] long, unruly, gripping film.
What makes it such a singular experience is the convergence of fine acting, moral urgency and a willingness to linger on moments of great intensity.
As humane as it is disturbing, Polisse rifles the files of Paris' Child Protection Unit in search of successes, failures and all the shades of ambiguity in between.
A sizzling French drama about a courageous team of men and women in a Parisian Child Protection Unit who struggle to survive the daily deluge of crime and chaos.
The details will gut you, and then haunt your dreams.
Polisse has trouble sometimes hiding the seams between the two, but when it works, it doesn't look like it's being staged at all.
Sure, you've seen this sort of material before -- comparisons to HBO's "The Wire" are frequent and obvious -- but when it's done right, as it is here, it's gripping.
The film can be rambling and glib, yet it's no mere crime drama. It captures a middle-class French society that looks more humane than ours, but is just as messed up.
There are interesting ideas here about the gulf between the world-weary adults and the prematurely-sexualised and often foul-mouthed adolescents, but overall Polisse is a clear case of a film that needed much more stringent editing.
[VIDEO ESSAY] French auteur Maiwenn's provocative slice-of-life examination of a Parisian Child Protection unit is haphazard to a fault.
Gripping and powerful, an unsentimental look at a thankless job where the victories are hard fought and all too rare.
If there's one thing this Cannes-feted drama portrays incisively, it's the porousness of the characters' existence: Work bleeds into life and life into work, wreaking havoc on their respective moral compasses.
The strange, unsettling juxtapositions, even when mashing up the mawkish and mockery, are full of life.
This hard-driving drama won't disappoint art-house crowds.
Polisse has been compared to The Wire, but beyond a shared interest in the Sisyphean nature of police work, the two are mostly comparable as inverses of each other
Without significant star power it may require word of mouth and further festival exposure to help it grab attention stateside.
A highlight and prize-winner of the 2011 Cannes Film Fest, this compelling feature, about the routine work and not so routine life of a police unti, is sharply written and extremely well acted.
A fast-paced, original police drama with snappy dialogue is marred only by subtitles often difficult to read.
As in her previous efforts, Maiwenn coaxes terrific, naturalistic perfs from her ensemble without eschewing the extreme emotional highs and lows that could have led to more caricatured turns.
The fragmented narrative and use of juxtaposition that Maïwenn adopts for Polisse results in an engaging portrait of an ensemble of people and cases.


@highlight

Polisse is a gripping and powerful procedural drama filled with fine acting and unflinching eye for truth and brutality.