Illuminating bio of musical genius hits a few flat notes.
Puts far more focus on a Wikipedia-shallow explanation of the composer's various compositions than on his tumultuous life.
[Grabsky] is documenting the life of Beethoven, he is illustrating the life with brilliant concert performers playing the music, but he is also having those same experts talking about what is in the music itself.
Tells the story of its subject in a clear, accessible, and gimmick-free manner while still preserving, or perhaps even cultivating, a core sense of wonder at the creative monuments he bequeathed to us all.
An intriguing portrait of the man as a hopeless romantic, a smack-talking punk, a sickly individual tormented by his deafness and thoughts of suicide, and an "eternal optimist."
In Search of Beethoven trudges through the composer's life and works, pausing along the way for the usual smorgasbord of talking heads and performance clips. The results are shapeless, drab and mostly predictable.
With In Search of Beethoven, documentarian Phil Grabsky has created a splendid work that will be a revelation to the uninitiated and a joy to music lovers.
Grabsky's appreciation of Ludwig van Beethoven follows the familiar contours, but it pays attention to the humanizing specifics that bring us closer to the subject.
Grabsky does manage to convey how shockingly dramatic Beethoven's music seemed to the first people who heard it, and the musicians' sensitivity and articulation--both verbal and musical -- fire this chronicle of one man's extraordinary artistic journey.
There are too many snippets of music, too many talking heads, too little to define that great arc of the composer's life and spiritual development. But no one who cares about the man and his music will miss it. For that I give credit to its subject.
Beethoven's creative life, with all its achievements, cannot easily be reconciled with the image of a difficult, solitary figure, shadowed by depression. Grabsky, to his credit, doesn't try to make one life fit the other, but manages to illuminate both.
As good as the film is, Beethoven remains mysterious. He refuses to roll over, so to speak.
Despite its excessive length, this reverential doco will enthuse fans, historians and even those, like yours truly, whose familiarity with Beethoven is limited to the opening strains of his 5th Symphony.
It features over sixty live performances, and there are a few pompous musicians and musicologists among the interviewees. But the engaging ones comfortably outnumber them...
Just as Beethoven's composing process is equated to that of a sculptor like Michelangelo, Grabsky has sculpted a mesmerising film ripe with crescendos and modulations that allow us an even greater appreciation of the man's music
A well-researched documentary that's equally illuminating and captivating.
After the monotonous guide through history that was In Search of Mozart, Phil Grabsky's follow-up plays like a much-needed shot of adrenaline to the brain.
A visual biography that employs scores of live performances reimagining the masterâ(TM)s infinite range -- from raging to ethereal.
What made Ludwig such a great musician? The documentary In Search of Beethoven, directed by Phil Grabsky, answers that question reasonably well.
A perfect companion piece to "In Search of Mozart". A fully realized introduction to the man and his music that makes you want to listen to his entire body of work even if you think you have become jaded by one too many performances of the Moonlight Sonat
The film's real resource is its impressive array of talking heads, their intimate familiarity with the music, and their ability to impart graspable insight.
An engrossing documentary on the life and music of the man many consider to be the most important composer of all time.
Beethoven's painful insecurities and petty squabbles are deftly balanced with generous musical examples.
The film stretches on too long... But the music soothes away a lot of complaints.
Beautifully lensed and intelligently crafted.
This sprawling (if somewhat overlong) film finds a level of discussion that should please aficionados and newcomers alike.
[A] highly entertaining and informative biography, presenting Beethoven as a working artist rather than a caricatured grumpy genius.
Exhaustive and exhausting Beethoven documentary, enlivened by a decent selection of talking heads and over 50 musical performances.
There is a lot of music, but never too much, and the story of Beethoven's struggle with his life and genius emerges forcefully and movingly.
It's one of the finest movies about a great musician I've ever seen.
Reminds us that the person who wrote the Fifth and Ninth Symphonies wasn't residing on a plane somewhere beyond our gravity field.
The music is grand, and even the talking heads are occasionally interesting.
This film will make you rush to a concert hall or the nearest classical music store to savour Beethoven's compositions.
A thoroughly researched and engagingly presented portrait of the composer.
If the interminable length of In Search of Beethoven doesn't put people off this repetitive documentary about "the world's greatest composer", then the lack of real insight into the man rather than the myth surely will.
At such length and in such detail, there are certainly dramas to describe and insights to be had, but a film this static and self-important doesn't really do them justice.
One wallow does not make a summer, but the combined forces of Ludwig's music and a chorus of celebrity erudition should help to take your mind off the April cacophony elsewhere.
British documentarist Phil Grabsky puts together an elegant if unchallenging chronicle of the composer's life, running through the highs and occasional lows while making free with long excerpts from the work.
The result is seriously intriguing: a tribute that avoids all biographical guff.

@highlight

With a wealth of insightful talking heads and deft musical performances, In Search of Beethoven is a thorough, thoughtful examination of the great composer's life and times.