It's strange that so few critics seemed to understand that it's a silly film, purposefully so, and tried to use their prose to laugh at it - as if Prince weren't laughing way ahead of them. He was TELLING the joke.
The final stretch is grueling, but the majority is average rather than awful.
An inspired, delightful piece of cinema-pure cloudcuckooland escapism, and very much of a piece with Prince's genius.
Word leaked out a few weeks ago that Under the Cherry Moon was something of a stinker. Horsefeathers! It's unique, by far the boldest film of the summer.
Like Elvis Presley, Prince has the charisma to carry an atrocious movie-real fans just want to see him-but even Elvis never got so carried away with himself that he thought he could direct.
Cherry Moon had some potential as a cultish Trading Places. But it drowns in its pretenses. No doubt, Prince fancies himself an auteur in his directing debut. But he has no restraint, no true vision. It's as if we've all been mooned.
The music is great, the direction fast-paced, the whole film a lot of fun.
In Under the Cherry Moon, Prince does more for movie musicals than any performer since Frank Sinatra and more for bared midriffs than any sex symbol since Little Egypt. Forgive me, Madonna, but it's true.
In Under the Cherry Moon, the self-styled auteur is obviously aiming for a romantic tragedy with occasional lighthearted moments. What he ends up with, however, is purest camp.
The soundtrack - which is among the star's best work - is reduced to the level of background music. It's a vanity venture, not even worth watching for kitsch value.
[An] absurdly bad movie.
[A] faux-'30s goof about an impish gigolo who woos and abuses a rich debutante.
As flat and uninteresting as a newsreel from the 1930s about vacationing in the south of France.
The whole film plays exactly for what it is, one long essay in ego massaging.
Shot in black-and-white in an attempt to evoke the sophisticated burr of '40s films, its intent is hamstrung by over-familiar gags, though the script comes more to life when Prince and Benton lapse into black street talk.
Makes you forget how good "Purple Rain" is.
Just buy the soundtrack. The movie's an embarrasment.
A colossal bore.
For a preposterous vanity project and notorious cinematic turkey, Under The Cherry Moon is actually rather charming, rakish and amusing.
For all those out there who can't get enough of Prince, Under the Cherry Moon may be just the antidote.
Strictly for Prince fans, but then again I am one.
All these years later I'm still kinda stunned that someone let PRINCE direct his own movie.
Prince should stick to what he calls singing, because he can't act.
a few good tunes, but how self-adoring can a star be?
Great looking, strange, not very effective, but an interesting effort
Prince wants to ride atop the float, receiving the crowd's adulation, but he's also larking about down in the street, happy to be one of the clowns.
At least Prince's narcissism is easier to take than Stallone's or Rob Lowe's: he doesn't regard the rest of the world as an insult to his estimable self.







@highlight

Under the Cherry Moon may satisfy the most rabid Prince fans, but everyone else will be better served with this vanity project's far superior soundtrack.