I'm a great admirer of Daniel Radcliffe's valiant attempts to put Harry Potter behind him, but he is disastrously miscast in Imperium.
'Imperium' is a film that, if not for Daniel Radcliffe, would have quickly been forgotten and beyond that, there's nothing worth mentioning. [Full review in Spanish]
The film shows how a dirty bomb attempt always has its origin in a speech of a charismatic leader who lives in an unpolluted house and has an absolutely integrated life, and that's where it has its strength. [Full review in Spanish]
A timely and credible story that wins as a thriller of suspense in the abundant moments in which the protagonist is about to get caught. [Full review in Spanish]
A well directed film when it comes to raising tension, and a couple of performances capable of overcoming the reiterations of the script. [Full review in Spanish]
Imperium isn't as probing or as gripping as some other films tackling neo-Nazi violence - such as American History X ... But Radcliffe convinces us that when his hero gets into a jam he really is thinking on his feet to get out of it.
[Daniel Radcliffe] shows just how effectively he can harden up for a tough role... the film is pretty brutal about FBI procedure and is super-topical given the ever-present threat of home-grown terrorism.
... if we're never on the edge of our seats, it delivers a portrait of a movement that sucks up the angry, disappointed whites who see their failures as a conspiracy of disenfranchisement...
A highly effective thriller.
It seems unnervingly accurate for anxious times.
As the baddies get nicer - or at least quieter - the plot slackens and Ragussis plods his way through a transparent three-act structure towards a less-than-thrilling denouement.
In the end, Imperium is fairly gripping entertainment that overcomes its faults. It brings nothing new to the table. But chalk up another unlikely win for Radcliffe.
Radcliffe and Collette make a good crime-fighting team and through their investigations, an interesting cross-section of the white-power movement is shown.
Radcliffe and Toni Collette bring their scenes to life, and co-writer/director Ragussis uses some inventive staging in the inevitable scenes where our hero has to think fast to maintain his cover.
Radcliffe, with shaven head, is solid.
Despite not physically fitting, Daniel gives a brilliant performance in this not quite American History X but still perfectly fine film. He's going to be one of our greats.
The most memorable scenes come from True Blood's Sam Trammell as a warm, cultured family man who explains his racial hatred in a matter-of-fact manner: particularly chilling in the current political climate.
Daniel Radcliffe gives an assured turn as Nate, a nerdy FBI agent who is persuaded to go undercover to infiltrate a community of neo-Nazis.
Daniel Ragussis's direction is clunky -- endless news montages of Hitler fans, Ku Klux Klansmen and skinheads marching the streets do little to build the story.
Radcliffe is convincing in the lead. There is very little action, but Imperium has some intense sequences and offers more complexity than you might imagine.
Radcliffe, a good actor in other parts, seems absolutely miscast.
A promising subject and good performances but Imperium doesn't make the most of either.
Tthe film relies on underlying tension, strong thematic resonance and another committed performance from Daniel Radcliffe.
With all the political dangers America is genuinely facing at the moment, this plot ought to be a real powder-keg. But while the fuse gets lit, there's barely a pinch of explosive inside.
This might have worked better as longform TV; a box set length could give the excellent Collette more to do.
A solid police procedural and nothing more than that.
Solid and watchable, and Radcliffe is genuinely ace.
Racial hatred and home-grown terrorism are red-hot themes, but this drama doesn't deliver on the potential.
A solid, enthralling, mesmeric, tightly woven and tension loaded thriller festooned by strong direction and excellent acting, which makes for a dark and terrifying drama.
A film wrought with tension, Imperium explores the themes of domestic terror and racism with thoughtful examination, and powerhouse performances.
Daniel Ragussis' debut feature is better at being suspenseful than it is at being socially relevant; but at the same time, it has moments in which it terrifies and inspires despair and dread.
Ultimately, despite the script's shortcomings, Imperium and its message and performances will stick with you, and you'll feel upset for a good long while after.
"Imperium" is haunting, skillfully blending procedural highlights with a prolonged study of shock, giving Radcliffe plenty to work with.
Making a film on such a concept may not make for a great popcorn thriller, but it does make for a poignant and horrifyingly relevant work.
Imperium, at its best, is a film about the ideological crisis of seeing the principles your worldview is built upon repurposed for hate and bigotry.
More entertaining than it ought to be ...
A jaw-dropping look at the white supremacy culture in the U.S.A.
An audacious performance by Daniel Radcliffe boosts this modestly provocative cop thriller above its formulaic trappings.
Pulpy but effective.
Subtlety is not Imperium's strength. But as a solid thriller, it's far more successful, and Radcliffe is brilliant as the quick-on-his-feet agent.
Imperium is a satisfying combination of genre thrills and real-life implications, resulting in a movie that, if not the first to tackle the subject matter, is certainly one of the best.
The primary accomplishment of 'Imperium,' an otherwise middling undercover fed movie, is to remind us there are as many styles of racists as there are, well, colors in the rainbow.
Ragussis maintains scene-to-scene tension thanks to Radcliffe's work, yet his characterization of the different extremist groups sometimes slips into the cartoonish.
A depressingly familiar (when it isn't just depressing) thriller.
Director Daniel Ragussis takes a stripped-down, no-frills approach that never sensationalizes the incendiary material. The action is set in suburban America and events unfold with a certain amount of organic logic.
Imperium is a well-spun, tight thriller, thanks in no small part to Radcliffe's excellent, sharply focused performance.
Imperium goes wrong almost from the start.
Images of white Americans excoriating other races and giving the Nazi salute have long been a surefire way to get moviegoers' blood boiling, and Mr. Ragussis pushes that button relentlessly, as if illuminating this world for the first time.
The latest example of actor Daniel Radcliffe's attempt to de-Potterize his career, it's a well-made, suspenseful drama that takes a familiar story of infiltration - one based on real events - and makes it compelling.
The issue is that the supremacist figures [Radcliffe's character] is infiltrating, while appearing to scare him, don't scare you.
Just as things get bumpy and tensions rise, a bow-tied resolution commences, devoid of stakes yet overflowing with heavy-handed message.
Forget the pageantry of rallies and parades-the really scary things are being said and done behind closed doors, by perfectly nice-looking people, in perfectly nice-looking subdivisions.
A chilling, surprisingly effective crime thriller involving white supremacy. It's a film and a topic that takes on extra resonance at this particular moment in American politics.
[IMPERIUM] continues to prove that Daniel Radcliffe knows how to pick challenging material especially well.
Through it all, Imperium is held together by Daniel Radcliffe's performance, yet another noteworthy example of the former Harry Potter tapping into a previously unexplored aspect of his talent, to persuasive ends.
The movie is very well-acted, and often ... uncomfortably gripping. Depressingly relevant, too, in this increasingly extreme and divided nation.
Writer/director Daniel Ragussis tries to work a weird mixture of ridiculousness and outrage. He doesn't really succeed, but you have to admire the effort.
Despite a few overly convenient plot pivots, once the film gets moving, it tightens the screws and forces Nate to think on his feet, building a good deal of momentum.
Imperium traffics in familiar undercover cop thriller conventions while gaining resonance from its disturbing, timely milieu.
It may have some moments that are over-the-top, but its multifaceted view of both good and evil organizations, excellent performances across the board, and the near constant level of tension it imparts make it a great movie.
Imperium is a stark character drama that's more disconcerting for its subject matter than its actual storytelling.
This is Daniel Radcliffe's most promising performance, as it proves once and for all that he's capable of making his own magic.
Think American History X meets The Departed, featuring another impassioned performance from one of the greatest young actors of our time, Daniel Radcliffe.
It demonstrates both the fatal proximity and deceptive distance that can exist between the words and deeds of extremists.
Daniel Radcliffe as never before seen infiltrates the weirdos in the American Nazi movement.

@highlight

The unsettling Imperium boasts troublingly timely themes and a talented cast led by Daniel Radcliffe as an undercover FBI agent infiltrating a ring of white supremacists.