The film presents a meek and mild story which emphasises a cloying niceness, and even brings a rosy hue to the extreme suffering of the poor in India.
A tale of two Mother Teresa's: On the brink of Vatican sainthood just announced, holy healer or 'hell's angel'? Expect an essentially nuance-free infomercial embrace of the former, despite ironic inklings of nun feminism challenging male church authority.
It's refreshing to encounter the occasional movie character who is blessedly devoid of guile. For that matter, it's also a relief to attend a film where we're not expected to hiss and throw our popcorn at the screen the moment a Catholic priest appears.
The movie's writing, direction and acting are not alone in blowing. Ciaran Hope's overwrought score sounds like a mashup of music from hokey old biblical pictures. If a duller, less inspired film hits the cineplex this season, it will be a miracle.
A warts-and-all biopic which reveals Mother Teresa as a tortured soul who felt abandoned by the same God she served so selflessly.
"The Letters" is a beautiful and deeply moving tribute to the self-sacrificing Mother Teresa.
Ms. Stevenson is effective and credible in the role. And "The Letters" is worth viewing for people of all faiths.
Teresa is simply portrayed as a dedicated servant of God, while whatever internal struggle she dealt with remains told, not shown.
This is a revealing study of a woman who was one thing to the world but something completely different to herself, with a fine performance by Juliet Stevenson
Good intentions alone can't salvage this aggressively heavy-handed Mother Teresa biopic that perhaps could use some divine filmmaking intervention.
Her work made her one of the most celebrated figures of the 20th century, but The Letters is far too preoccupied with the bureaucratic minutiae of her journey.
Underwhelming biopic about the extraordinary Mother Teresa.
Bound to disappoint, especially considering the absolutely wasted and bungled potential. Quite possibly the most boring and dramatically inert movie you'll see all year. (Full Content Review for Parents -- Violence, etc. -- also available)
A drama in which belief is reduced to well-meaning but inert treacle.
Even Mother Teresa's harshest detractors might say she deserves a better biopic than The Letters
Her accomplishments are even more impressive once we learn how fiercely she wrestled with God.
Struggles aren't ignored here; they're just surmounted with patience and devotion. That may be a good strategy in life, but it can be static to watch on screen.
A biopic about Mother Teresa could have easily been a self-important slog, yet William Riead's "The Letters" proves a stirring and absorbing if not quite definitive drama.
This Mother Teresa biopic offers Hallmark Channel-grade inspiration of the most sluggish sort.
If Mother Teresa were here to see the film, she would probably say, 'You made this piece of garbage about me?'
Writer-director William Riead offers a highly simplified version of his subject's life.
Slow, clunky and not terribly informative.
Mother Teresa's life was so inspiring that even a film that tells her story at only about 75 percent of its potential still delivers a heavy spiritual punch.
A tender and touching biopicture on the life and spiritual work of Mother Teresa who viewed herself as an instrument of God's love.
'The Letters' was rated PG for its 'images of human suffering.' But if you really want to see human suffering, take a picture of whatever hapless humans happen to be inside an auditorium while this movie is onscreen.
The movie simply doesn't act on the dare to portray Mother Teresa as someone more complicated than the way the world otherwise views her, leaving you to wonder why it's titled The Letters in the first place.
A blandly positive biopic, with the crude shape of a melodrama, but none of the passion. The Letters feels dutiful, not artful.
A piece of chintzy hagiography that ends up diminishing rather than celebrating its subject. Perhaps Mother Teresa was a saint, but in Riead's hands she's become a plaster one.
In the end, the Vatican official concludes that Teresa absolutely deserves to be a saint. Anyone who sits through this movie probably deserves the same.
A warts-and-all biopic which reveals Mother Teresa as a tortured soul who felt abandoned by the same God she served so selflessly.
Will speak to faith-based audiences but may feel one-dimensional and/or alien to the religiously uninitiated.
A brain-dead slog whose bankrupt aesthetics ironically soil the very legacy it purports to aggrandize.
More hagiography than biography, a dramatically flat film that makes little use of a first-rate cast.
Most of the dialogue is exposition, and when characters are asked to elaborate, they simply repeat information in slightly different terms.
A fatuous argument for Mother Teresa's sainthood; credulous and willfully ignorant, and disregards everything about her beliefs that was nasty or skeptical.
It's as punishingly dull as Sunday-school homework - and just as unnecessary.

@highlight

The Letters tries to honor Mother Teresa with an unstintingly positive portrayal of her life and works, but ends up smothering a fascinating real-life story under a bland hagiography.