Though Malick has a knack for enhancing the mood of each scene with stunning visual effects, it's not enough to boost the film.
It's watchable, at times sexy, at others painfully touching, yet seems random, lifeless and obscure.
As far as a plot goes, To the Wonder does not tell a story as much as present a cast, place them in a situation with minimal dialogue, and allow the audience to fill in the vast spaces that stretch out beyond.
This elusive 'something' is key to Malick's film; the intangible tide that disconnects people with as much mystery as it drew them so intensely together.
In its own way, it's an involving picture, but Malick's form is too frequently working against his content.
Moving and thought provoking.
Your response to all this depends extremely heavily on how much philosophizing and pretty pictures you're willing to accept in lieu of a story.
To the Wonder shouldn't be passed off as "self-parody," but as Malick's self-destructed misfire.
Malick is employing his usual style of montage and voice-over narration but in a new, contemporary setting that makes Wonder feel like his most vital work in years.
Jane and Neil find themselves brushing against each other in a large field right up next to a herd of brown bison amid rustling grasses, as if grass were ever still when a camera, Malick's camera, is directed its way.
Love is a many-splendored thing, except when it isn't in To the Wonder, a wispy romantic movie about the death of a romance.
Instead of searching through the mysteries of the universe, Terrence Malick cuts open his heart for all to look inside.
The bursts of beauty Malick creates have true redemptive power.
Terrence Malick's films have not been very accessible in the past. If this one is any indication, they are becoming less so. The narrative is thin, slow moving and ambiguous in places. It is moody, sombre and melancholy.
I think there's something sufficient to love about such a bold film.
To The Wonder - the best American feature by far of 2013: beautiful, compassionate, tragic, transcendent.
Mesmo que apresente-se irregular, é suficientemente sensível e revelador para fazer jus à filmografia do diretor.
In its conventionally alienating extremes, this is probably Malick's most pure expression of his uniquely impressionistic, almost extra-sensory cinematic gifts, transporting one to a meditative wavelength of emotional experience.
At times the film actually feels like a parody of an arthouse movie rather than a work produced by a director often unjustly described as a cinematic genius.
With its florid narration, non-linear structure, and endless shots of a woman in flowing skirts twirling in fields, on beaches, and in supermarket aisles, it's dangerously close to being a parody of a Malick movie.
"To the Wonder" is an imperfect film that perhaps reaches too high and too far, but I admire the effort, and am grateful for those moments when Malick does connect, and the film suddenly becomes glorious.
To the Wonder feels like a caricature coveting Malick's previously towering pieces of visual art. However there's more refined, contemplative poetry in this relative misstep than in a hundred Hollywood studio films.
Terrence Malick's vague, sweeping ode to love lost and found is anything but wondrous.
With its pale colour palette, the film looks like whimsy, but without the humour. The characters move slowly, as if slowed by the weight of their thoughts and emotions. It's as if Malik is showing us what it would be like to be a ghostly observer
There is some glorious imagery in Terrence Malik's elusive and poetic film about love, but this internal observation is far too obtuse and self-indulgent to satisfy even the most romantic
If you give yourself up to it, you'll be carried along-not knowing where you're going, and never really minding much either.
What is most affecting is Malick's intent. He plainly devised the story to give him a series of panels for the expression of feeling.
Its ambitions might be slight, but its impact is more than slightly powerful.
Dialogue is reduced to impressionistic snatches and self-consciously poetic voice-over; the impressive cast have nothing much to do but exchange meaningful looks through windblown hair.
To the Wonder is built from shattered hearts, broken relationships and unanswered prayers, all better long since forgotten rather than pondered on film, yet again...
Terrence Malick is to light as Orson Welles was to shadow: the master.
The movie plays like an undercooked pie that hasn't had enough time to cool and settle.
Indisputably comes off as a minor work on the heels of Malick's The Tree of Life but still holds enough of interest for the initiated.
Malick succeeds in creating his a separate reality, one drenched with longing and fear.
Essentially it's an agglomeration of Malick's worst stylistic annoyances.
Trying to hold onto any part of it is like trying to catch meringue in a baseball glove.
Fragmentary to the point of being formless and devoid of any motivation or momentum, it's the first of Malick's works to feel more like a sketchbook than a film.
It looks great, the sound is interesting, the actors are doing what they are asked to do, but it didn't hit me the way The Tree of Life did. For fans only.
Any half-serious filmgoers need to see "To the Wonder" for themselves; it remains the product of a fascinating mind.
A thing of great beauty, but not much more.
We should not be exiting a Terrence Malick movie with a shrug, but there it is.
If you have the ability to ignore Affleck, To the Wonder is a visual stunner, with a surprising transcendental enthusiasm for everything.
Gorgeous cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki almost makes 'To the Wonder' worth seeing. Unfortunately, director/writer Terrence Malick fails to flesh out this drama with a plot we can follow.
Malick, who is obviously unconcerned with his film's commercial success, continues to work with cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki, and together they have grown immensely fond of long, lovely shots of nature.
Malick's films are more self-indulgent than other filmmakers. He is enamored with his own camera work, and whether or not his subject matter is germane to the story is largely up to the viewer.
While it may be filmed beautifully, To the Wonder doesn't exactly move its gestating 112-minute duration along any faster with everyone on-screen galloping around their front yard or a field full of slow moving bison genitalia.
Frankly, To The Wonder becomes bogged and down and more than a little bit boring over the course of its two hours.
Once the shock of seeing a Sonic Drive-In in a Malick film wears off, the movie leaves little to ponder beyond the sketchily drawn romance drama at its core.
Chary of exposition, meagre of plot, derisory of dialogue, indifferent to comprehension, it's a project that veers perilously close to self-parody.
Mostly, it's solemn intonations of bad poetry over open-field twirling scenes and long serious looks of love, tenderness and cosmic understanding.
This latest Terrence Malick piece will make you wonder about a lot of things as your mind wanders through the nooks and crannies of his spinning labyrinth of textures and fragmented narrative.
Some filmmakers put feelings into words; Malick uses smoke signals and semaphore to express things felt but unspoken. How you interpret them is up to you.
Banal ideas presented as deep thoughts and bandied about in a self-consciously poetic style.
"To the Wonder" is a trailer for itself, although it could be mistaken for a high-end perfume commercial ...
To The Wonder is a meditation on love -- physical, spiritual, emotional -- and regret, and the story seems to belong to the past and to sorrow.
There's a little too much wonder and not quite enough story in this middling effort from Terrence Malick.
Does it deserve to be seen? Absolutely. Just be aware of what you're getting into.
"To the Wonder" finds Malick pursuing a form of visual storytelling that is closer to chamber music, or symphonic rapture, than conventional film narrative.
To the Wonder suggests the creep of doubt and possibly even despair into Malick's cosmic questing. This may not be as profound as he intends - to be human is to forever question - but it makes for stimulating viewing.
'Ever notice how guys are always walking around with their hands in their pockets, saying and expressing nothing? And women are always twirling and letting their emotions get the best of them?'
Must all our choices be connected to a larger cosmic ideal? Is every leaf on Earth so gloriously sun-dappled? There is a point where profundity can cross into parody and To the Wonder skates awfully close to that line.
an experiment in fragmented, impressionistic storytelling that keeps its characters just a bit too far out of reach, their symbolic qualities trumping their flesh-and-blood passions
It's a movie to be purely explored, felt and intuited. "To the Wonder" is an example of filmmaking of the highest degree, placing Malick alongside Bresson, Kubrick and Antonioni.
Beautifully filmed romance chooses style over substance.
If it were anyone else rather than Malick we would forget to care.
There are ideas that are trying to come out in this film, but as to how successful Malick is in conveying those ideas on screen is where the film loses a lot of its effect.
The individually ravishing but loosely bound shots reduce whatever weight the story might have to the trivial narcissism of Caribbean-travel commercials.
A profound and mystical exploration of love that juxtaposes marriage between humans with a priest's marriage to God but gives few answers.
There are moments of pure poetry in the movie but the production as a whole seems overlong and repetitive and takes a detour or two that distract from the aching beauty of the central story.
[The Tree of Life"] took us from the earth to the cosmos. This latest work by [Terrence] Malick takes us to Oklahoma.
While artful and well-intentioned, the feature remains trapped in a glass box, scolding those who dare to reach out and try to rub their hands over the enticing emotional textures Malick provides.
You can climb [Mont St. Michel] through tradition and religion ... and almost touch the heavens. Or walk the other way, into the the gray, where everything loses definition...
If "Tree of Life" was Terrence Malick's "2001: A Space Odyssey," then "To the Wonder" is his "Blue Valentine." Or possibly his "American Beauty"...
This approach to the material is so quintessentially late-period Malick that naysayers will accuse the man of parodying himself. In truth, he's come up with his purest vision -- and his most streamlined work since Badlands.
There's little doubt this film will deepen, open up with a second viewing. But to what end?
As a testament to the transcendent power of love and faith, it's gorgeous to look at, occasionally erotic, thoroughly confounding and at times ridiculous.
To the Wonder will be required viewing for all students of Malick -- and by that I mean every cinephile -- but it's not likely to escort viewers into states of transcendence.
The cheeky emperor known as Terrence Malick bares his rump once again to art-house audiences.
Malick doesn't reach for the sublime so much as lunge, arms outstretched, face turned to the sky. He stumbles, but still, it's a beautiful fall.
"To the Wonder" is not Malick's first attempt at chronicling the ebb and flow of a relationship, but it may be his most heart-rending.
You already have to be a fan of Malick to want to look past the movie's somewhat bland surface. But if you do, you might experience some of the wonder promised by the title.
All things most certainly do not work together for the good.
We feel a tide of boredom rising. But it's Terrence Malick, so we hang on.
It serves up real emotion, and striking grace. It has moments of simple beauty, and thorny questions.
The cinematography here is enough to make you swoon. Would that the story were equally compelling.
We always suspect that Malick's screenplays are littered with capital-letter concepts ... and this film is no exception.
Even a supposedly "lesser" Terrence Malick film like "To the Wonder" touches on some large and ultimately hopeful themes, despite its overall opaqueness.
It's a certainty that the film will prove divisive as its predecessor, but Malick's latest is a beautiful, heartfelt and raw piece of work.
If you thought Tree of Life was too linear and accessible try this pointillist tribute to sun flares, often lovely, sometimes provocative, always obscure.
There is no new ground, really, the distinction is in the way Malick covers it with glorious imagery, symphonies of sound, a cacophony of moods.
The enigmatic spell of enchantment it casts is a work of complex artistry, and the sneering reviews say more about the critics, I am afraid, than about the film or its director.
There is only so much twirling in wheat fields a person can handle before it starts to come off as a mockery of itself.
The film breaks faith with its audience by asking us to care about two profoundly antipathetic characters spouting pseudo-poetic banalities.
It's more like a parody than cinematic poetry.
Never was a film so visually stunning and so intolerable as To the Wonder.
I didn't like the movie at all-found it boring, unintentionally comical, at times even (a word I seldom use) pretentious ...
Pretty but inert, To the Wonder is a vaporous mystery wrapped in a gauzy enigma - a cinematic riddle that'll appeal principally to those eager for another piece, however tiny, of the puzzle that is Terrence Malick.
although Malick's signature filmmaking style is as lovely as ever, "To the Wonder" isn't very involving. Affleck's never looked more uncomfortable on screen...
A meditation on love and lost paradise that starts with breathtaking assurance and slowly crumbles into self-parody.
It feels like a high-end perfume ad.
A film of simple themes, minimal dialogue and eloquent imagery.
"It's like watching grass grow" isn't really a riposte to the stately, placid, dreamlike "To the Wonder." You might as well complain that Quentin Tarantino films are violent.
Terrence Malick still hasn't made a remarkable film since 1978. That
I can't be the only one who thinks every Terrence Malick movie is less interesting than the one before it.
[Malick's] insistence on finding a cinematic idiom that connects beauty to ultimate truth is noble and sincere. But the fine intentions of "To the Wonder" pave a road to puzzlement, not awe.
This may be Malick's most diasppointing film. Art at its purest, but with hollow characters and cliched images, not the best example of an art or Malick film you'll ever see.
Malick's profound message permeating throughout: Living in Oklahoma blows.
Malick persists in refining his style to the barest essentials of sound and image, caring little whether he's out of step with the times.
Maybe I've been hanging out with the wrong women my whole life, but I don't know anyone who spins this much. Instructors in spin classes don't spin this much.
Film genius to miss the mark. Case in point: Terrence Malick's To the Wonder, a beautifully empty exercise that - so glacial is the pace - makes Malick's Tree of Life look like G.I. Joe: Retaliation.
"To the Wonder" traces the purity and pains of romantic love, straying to encapsulate ideas of God and the power of surrendering to a higher power. It is sweet and tortured, startlingly clear and mystifying in its opaqueness.
The film's style is ethereal and incantatory, with a soundtrack woven out of whispers and classical music; if anything, it makes Malick's The Tree of Life look like a Noël Coward play.
Years seem to pass between scenes. To be honest, years seem to pass during scenes.
[Many will] be dissatisfied by a film that would rather evoke than supply. I understand that, and I think Terrence Malick does, too. But here he has attempted to reach more deeply than that: to reach beneath the surface, and find the soul in need.
Artistry aside, I do still wonder: for a movie with this much dancing and twirling, how come it still feels like a ton of bricks?
If To the Wonder is Malick's most personal film, it's also his most tragic.
To the Wonder is arty for sure, but for the first time, its maker is working with anxieties we all feel. Let's hope this Malick sticks around for a while.
To the Wonder might be more experimental, but it's still all Malick, a filmmaker who can't see the forest for the craftsmanship.
All of the prettiest pictures of mother nature couldn't save To The Wonder from being a lifeless, overly-poetic bore that fails to keep a consistently flowing story intact.
This is Malick's world, but with "To the Wonder," he invites us in.
The artful noodlings of a creative genius off his game.
Maybe what Malick is working toward is a film in which he can leave out the actors altogether. He's getting pretty close.
...an incoherent exercise in directorial egotism
A bold and ground-breaking film by Terrence Malick that is a mystical meditation on the many manifestations of the spiritual practices of yearning and love.
Terence Malick's newest meditative bauble is a troubled love story seen through a glass darkly; his inability to achieve a customary grandeur makes it comes across as less masterly than foolish.
Flaws and all, this is ravishing, distrib-worthy work from a filmmaker who hasn't lost his capacity to move and surprise.
To the Wonder feels like generalized woo-woo -- and self-parody.
This is not one of Malick's best works clearly, yet the beauty and skill it does offer may be worth revisiting.
Throughout Terrence Malick's film, the new and old are incessantly twinned, blurred into a package that suggests an experimental dance piece.
A ravishing visual poem about uncertainty in love and faith, and an insightful portrait of a flame between two incompatible people igniting, dimming, and flickering out.
It's a wonder that To The Wonder ever found a release. Terrence Malick's long, lugubrious film is a prolonged exercise in directorial self-pleasuring.
To the Wonder displays all the familiar Malick touches - fragmentary narrative, impressionistic visuals, poetic voiceover - but this time the Malick magic is missing... Kurylenko is left to waft around dreamily like a model in a Boden catalogue shoot.
Will Malick ever tire of his soulful child-women? How long can you linger on feet bouncing off sea-soaked mudflats before it becomes a poetic indulgence?
Insufferable in almost every way.
The characters have little substance or development. The dialogue is minimal and deliberately semi-audible.
Some viewers will find this deep and meaningful; others will leave scratching their heads.
Frankly, a bad Terrence Malick film is better than 90 percent of movies released in cinemas: but if you thought The Tree of Life was indulgent and overly kaleidoscopic, you should avoid this like the plague.
Although beautiful to watch, the film offers very little in the way of coherent plot or character development.
The fact that there is very little in the way of plot and dialogue means that you spend the best part of two hours looking at pretty pictures.
At times, the new film plays like a Wayans brothers parody of a late Malick picture: Sleepy Movie, Floaty Movie, Preachy Movie.
The cloying, bliss-out pantheism that featured in The Tree of Life is virtually the only feature in Malick's new film.
The movie wants to explore looming crises of faith, but for Malick fans it's in serious danger of entailing one.
This is cinema sent from the heavens.
Affleck is badly miscast and the story fails to engage on an emotional level, with Malick's directorial flourishes coming dangerously close to self-parody.
There's a phoniness to the film's people and places that keeps us at a fatal distance from the big ideas with which 'To the Wonder' seeks to engage us.
In the face of the film's overwhelming visual beauty, no official religious faith is required to feel that you are witnessing paradise gained and lost.
Kurylenko is the filmmaker's twirliest female character of all, a Malick Pixie Dream Girl whose own crisis matters as much as that of her male counterpart's.
100 per cent pure, unadulterated Malick, an absorbing, thoughtful, moving meditation on the things that matter.
A brave, soul-stirring and sensitive work.
The interaction between the leads is about as enticing as watching paint dry!
Malick has the unnatural talent to evolve a simplistic and adolescent game of hide and go seek into a profound and existential search into the character's hearts and minds.
This may be the only film where Oklahoma has ever looked as stunning as France ... The film comes to life when [Rachel] McAdams appears on the screen; she oozes with vulnerability.
To the Wonder plays like a nature documentary featuring famous actors who wander into the shot from time to time.
To the Wonder is visually deep and beautiful, but the characters and story are complete non-factors for the film.
It's actually Terrence Malick's most linear film. It's still poetic and beautiful in the scenes, but it has a clear beginning, middle and end.
There's nothing to "get." There really isn't. It's a story about a troubled relationship that, for me, ultimately chokes on its own self-conscious flourishes.
I recommend it for anyone who'll get a buzz out of hearing a line like "what is this love that loves us?" spoken in French.
A ramble through the ecstasies of the natural world as experienced or ignored by little people on a giant, gorgeous planet.
This may not be his best film, or his most ambitious cinematically. But whether you agree with him or not, it is handsome and sincere.
You have to accept Malick on his own terms, and for those who do, To The Wonder will feel like a tall pitcher of Long Island Iced Tea on a hot summer's day: glistening, sweet and restorative.
It is a bold and often beautiful movie, unfashionably and unironically concerned with love and God, and what will happen to us in the absence of either.
However accomplished Malick's technique might be in some ways, this mostly comes off, especially in the laborious second hour, as visual doodling without focused thematic goals.

@highlight

To the Wonder demonstrates Terrence Malick's gift for beautiful images, but its narrative is overly somber and emotionally unsatisfying.