Well before halfway what it resembles more than anything is another Die Hard film, only without Bruce Willis.
It's reminiscent of the Die Hard movies, with Gerard Butler taking the Bruce Willis-esque role of secret agent Mike Banning.
As pure action-packed spectacle, Olympus Has Fallen's big open has few recent peers.
[The movie] takes delight in its own unoriginality, dancing on the grave of every loud, dumb, preposterous action film of the past twenty years. Without earning any of it.
A lot of footage of Gerard Butler skulking around dark hallways and neutralizing terrorists.
To those who enjoy the Action Movie Fantasy, Olympus Has Fallen is one of the best examples in years.
Olympus Has Fallen is made from action-movie mix. Just add sweat.
Let's be upfront. Olympus Has Fallen is dumb, violent, overlong, jingoistic, racist, predictable, derivative, and whatever other adjectives those with no sense of B-grade fun wish to throw at it.
While never scaling John McClane-level excitement, Fuqua's film is good popcorn fun
A vile propagandistic action flick that shamelessly indulges fears of terrorism while also failing on a basic narrative level.
Olympus Has Fallen has excellent action sequences, and Fuqua does a terrific job making Washington, D.C., look like a battleground. For indulgent viewers, this will be enough.
Olympus Has Fallen is a serious take on a silly premise that strains believability and ultimately can't help being just another forgettable action flick.
All that prevents this from being a four-star action blockbuster are some larded subplots and a superfluous degree of buzz-killing violence.
It's a seemingly foolproof premise that is, to a slight yet palpable degree, squandered by Fuqua...
Butler's presence makes perfect sense. He's an empty, mindless vessel. Just like his movie.
A fiery pile of turdy dialogue, turgid action, and xenophobic boosterism for the frequently 'God bless!'-ed US of A. This movie's so stupid, the only suspense it offers is if your brain can avoid falling into a coma before the screen finally goes to black
Provided you can handle such deliberate over-kill in the chaotic swirl that goes on here, Olympus Has Fallen offers a super-sized serving of grit-tinged fantasy action guaranteed to satisfy those who don't mind splatter over style.
In reinventing an old tale in a smart and engaging way, it's a thoroughly entertaining and often riveting way to spend two hours.
With guns blazing and spouting one-liners, Gerard Butler revels in being the tough guy and leads a decent cast, with all-American Aaron Eckhart a worthy addition to the hallowed list of movie presidents.
Olympus Has Fallen is the stupid, dark fantasy of backward white trash America that needs another domestic threat to trigger war.
Gruesome, cliché-ridden terrorist attack on the White House actioner has a lot of energy to go along with its relentless and well-choreographed carnage.
t's a terrible action film but a brilliant piece of North Korean propaganda. The American characters act so stupidly that you're pretty much rooting for Kim Jong-un. THAT'S HOW BAD IT IS.
There's a single line of dialogue that interrogates America's sanctions against some of the poorest people in the world. And who said this kind of thing couldn't be thought provoking?
The movie is preposterous, paranoid, solemn and - though not I think intentionally - something of a laughing matter.
What the studio's calling 'an action movie' - the Secret Service will call 'a comedy'.
As bystanders get mown down, the Washington monument topples and the Stars and Stripes is shredded, the onslaught delivers a real taboo-busting frisson... the sequence would pack an even bigger punch if the CGI special effects weren't quite so cheesy.
Having stayed up much of the night to watch the hunt for, and ultimate take down, of Suspect 2 in the Marathon Bombings, it was particularly distressing to watch this vile abomination of a movie whose "relevance" only adds to its dishonor.
Whether Hollywood is right to keep prodding North Korea simply because it's not a valuable trading partner, only time will tell.
Antoine Fuqua is a dependable action director whose talents will never be maximised while the 1980s continue to be over.
As this massive blockbuster thriller progresses, it's impossible not to become amused by how ridiculous its script becomes.
Reactionary fantasy, then - but what else are action films for?
Some will find it ridiculously entertaining. I found it entertainingly ridiculous. Either way, it's a guilty pleasure.
Olympus Has Fallen may be pure Hollywood hokum but it remains tense, exciting and credible enough right through to the suspenseful climax, even if the dialogue is laughable at times.
A movie that looks like a Die Hard film, feels (sporadically) like a Die Hard film, but lacks the wit and coiled adrenaline that made that series' debut a classic.
Has more bloody on-screen deaths than any action film in recent memory.
Butler hardly knocks it out of the park, but he steals the film. And what a film...
You wonder exactly when and how Butler became today's accepted go-to action hero - and can something officially be done about it?
It rattles along with no little vim, and there is one excellent joke about the difficulty of finding a computer's hash key when time is tight.
A no-stereotypes-barred, red-scare disaster movie of the sort Jerry "Airplane!" Zucker might write after a head injury.
It's derivative, it's cheesy, it's fantastically unconvincing, its patriotism unabashed, its politics reductive, its morals binary.
A charmless and occasionally laughably bad thriller that's let down by a trite script and a charmless lead performance from Gerard Butler.
The thrills and the effects are cheap, but this is in hard-driving, good-humoured command of its own silliness.
A gung-ho flag waver that would give even the most ardent American neocon repetitive strain injury.
Fuqua lights the fuse on the summer blockbuster season with an almighty, ground-shaking bang.
I was concerned by the stupidity of almost every character within the film. If this is how their real life counterparts would act, we're all doomed.
Once the film stops taking itself too seriously and gives in to over-the-top entertainment, it becomes a vastly superior movie - albeit one with some head-shakingly stupid moments.
The movie's best moments belong to Gerard Butler though, thriving in a role that's perfect for his capabilities as he establishes a hero we can't help but root for.
I'd rather have Butler getting shot at than treating women like silly hens in Playing For Keeps.
A grippingly brutal first act and strong cast can't stop this turning into a Steven Seagal film well before the end.
If this film were a pizza, it would be with double cheese plus all the trimmings you can pile on, and the base would be thick and heavy
If it's just bullets, bangs and wham-bam action you are after, this is the film for you. If you're looking for a credible tale with an emotional hit and something extra, you'll be disappointed
Olympus Has Fallen is just riotously entertaining, and although nothing particularly new or original, it manages to keep you captivated and takes the viewer on one hell of a ride.
as dopey as it is deliberate
On the actual Secret Service entrance exam, please tell me one of the first questions is: 'Should you run directly into the line of fire? Yes/No.'
An orgy of bloody explosions that'd be tough to endure if it weren't so inadvertently self-parodic.
After the dull last Die Hard, this all-American slice of hokum is the gung-ho blast action fans have been craving.
America is emasculated when terrorists knock the tip off the Washington Monument; lucky for us, he-man Gerard Butler is nearby, to inject testosterone into the body politic and some knives into the bad guys' necks.
What justifies the continued existence of Gerard Butler on our screens?
Amid all of its hollow patriotism and gaps in logic, perhaps the biggest flaw with the film is its sheer predictability.
Impressive special effects and action scenes, including knocking off the top of the Washington Monument, blowing up one of the wings of the White House, but it can't overcome a dumb plot and lack of interesting characters.
If you go in with an extremely specific set of expectations about what you want from an R-rated thriller released in March, it is likely to leave you satisfied.
A big, boomy, flag-waving bash of lug-headed escapism.
This ludicrous actioner strives to be as loud, violent, and patriotic as possible.
Fuqua doesn't deliver on what he has set up.
Assembled from other movies with the main template being Under Siege, plus the attitude from Die Hard and a blow-things-to-hell ambiance from any Michael Bay movie.
Red meat for the red state-minded -- and something of an embarassment for the rest of us.
big and dumb and more fun than a barrel of Bruce Willises.
A movie that drudges up the painful feelings associated with 9/11 just to make its routine, by-the-numbers action seem more relevant than it really is? Thanks, but no thanks.
Director Fuqua, who guided Denzel Washington to an Oscar in "Training Day," has a great eye for action and stages the initial attack on the nation's capital with some breath-taking special effects.
Director Antoine Fuqua just winds it up and sets it loose.
Even a mindless popcorn movie needs to bear some plausibility and this one pulls too hard on my belief suspenders. All the explosions and bombastic violence in the world cannot hide a dumb flick and there we have Olympus Has Fallen.
If nothing else it means, for the moment at least, that our long national Gerard Butler rom-com nightmare is over.
You don't just need to suspend your sense of disbelief for it. You need to take it, wad it up into a tight little ball, and throw it as far away from you as possible.
...a blatant ripoff of the Bruce Willis Die Hard movies, the tension-enhancing score helps to make it an entertaining trip...
plays so much like the original Die Hard, with so many plot points lifted and transcribed into the new setting, that one could play a potentially lethal drinking game putting away shots every time you spot one
The cliché count is neck-and-neck with the body count in this hyperviolent and cheerfully destructive thriller.
'Rambo' in the White House! Gerard Butler is an action superstar of guts and glory. A gripping edge-of-your-seat thriller with first rate direction by Antoine Fuqua. A must-see for action fans.
Fails to deliver on the promise it shows in the beginning of the movie.
A better Die Hard movie than A Good Day to Die Hard, this still registers as a stale action flick whose primary worth is as a heartland alternative for moviegoers wary of the sexy sinfulness of Spring Breakers or the highfalutin' idiosyncrasies of Stoker.
An eye-popping, patriotic, high-octane adventure that leaves no doubt about who's the vindicated hero that kept the world safe for democracy. The Butler did it! Gerard Butler, that is.
Think of this solidly tense and suspenseful action-thriller as 'Die Hard in the White House.'
Olympus Has Fallen wants to be "Die Hard in the White House" so much I half-expected Alexander Godunov to pop up at the end.
This story is one of a terrorist attack on the seat of government, but the only real danger presented is killing the audience's will to live by force feeding it a thin script so laden with clichés that it becomes a choking hazard
Gerard Butler is a star and is finally back in his niche.
A clumsy, implausible terrorist-action-drama, Olympus Has Fallen falls in a period between prime movie-going seasons and it shows.
One of the best actioners in years, Olympus couldn't be more timely. Who would have guessed that as things heat up with Pyongyang, Hollywood would step up with such an effective piece of anti-North Korean propaganda?
Even though the story is utterly preposterous and silly, the cast takes it as seriously as they can, which helps carry the film as an audience-pleasing button-pusher.
The carnage is cruel and crude.
A typical slab of Hollywood action in which the White House crumbles under attack, the American flag is tattered and tossed aside by baddies, and clichés rise like gods.
While the action sequences are competent, much of the second half of the movie takes place in the wrecked White House, in diffuse lighting conditions, which makes for hazy visuals that further obscure the action sequences' sense of spatial geography.
Olympus Has Fallen won't be vying for a spot in the Action Hall of Fame, but in the genre's current lukewarm climate, it's still a breath of fresh air.
An action thriller rooted in hyper-reality.
What it does get right is the sheer adrenaline rush of watching kinetic cinema crafted by a serious and talented filmmaker unafraid of showing onscreen carnage in his quest to entertain and create a new action hero.
Olympus Has Fallen is derivative, predictable, heavy-handed and a  lot of fun.
Olympus Has Fallen could underwhelm moviegoers expecting one of Fuqua's riveting character dramas but should provide action fans with plenty of explosions and machismo.
If Glenn Beck directed a live-action remake of Team America: World Police, you might approach the level of ridiculous violence and brainless flag-waving in Olympus Has Fallen.
I can understand not enjoying this film. I can also tell you that I did.
'Olympus Has Fallen is just too much of a pale 'Die Hard' ripoff.
A mashup of Die Hard, Air Force One, and possibly Under Siege, there's nothing in this film that we haven't seen before; but Gerard Butler makes the most in making this film a moving crowd-pleaser.
A generic thriller marred by poor special effects.
... the action is often not unengaging, and Butler's better at swinging for faux Bruce Willis ...
Even if the movie itself isn't any fun, spotting all of its blatant mistakes and Ed Wood-ian budgetary shortfalls definitely is.
Those who might be resistant to stirrings of patriotic pride at the slow-mo sight of an American flag fluttering in the breeze would do well to look elsewhere.
Olympus Has Fallen is one of the dumbest films I have ever seen. And I've watched all of Tyler Perry's movies.
As I've said countless time before, a hero is only as good as the villain, but I was certainly never bored and did get caught up to one degree or another with some of the action sequences.(Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
Olympus has fallen -- flat.
I'll give Olympus Has Fallen an approving salute for making a fun, explosive, and easily enjoyable action thriller which sees Gerard Butler re-claim his hero status and kick some serious butt along the way.
Olympus Has Fallen isn't ashamed to wave the American flag, but it should be embarrassed of its cliche-ridden script.
There are more headshots in this picture than might be found at a SAG board meeting.
Does anything say "patriotism" like a lovely marble bust of Abraham Lincoln, smashed over the head of a wounded terrorist?
Given the premise's essential absurdity, it's almost embarrassingly entertaining.
"Olympus Has Fallen" goes through plenty of familiar motions, but does them well enough that it gets away with it. There's a reason movies like this die hard.
The film is a second-rate "Air Force One" mashed up with a third-rate "Die Hard," with Gerard Butler striving mightily to be charismatic as the One Man Who Can Save the Day.
"Olympus Has Fallen" at least possesses the frisson of timeliness amid otherwise hoary action-movie cliches.
It's a solid, simple, more-bang-for-our-buck entertainment that doesn't ask us to think.
Butler winds up as the last good guy standing in a building full of terrorists. So, of course, he's able to kill them off one at a time because, well, Die Hard.
It's a very good action movie that makes me believe in Gerard Butler again.
The film's grit and realism throw sand in the bigger picture, which ultimately derails the whole thing.
If you ever longed for the days when Under Siege 2: Dark Territory reigned supreme, then congratulations, because Olympus Has Fallen.
Part Die Hard, part 24, with a dash of The West Wing, the action-thriller Olympus has Fallen asks you to suspend your disbelief.
It's hard to isolate what one is rooting for here since you know the outcome even as the opening scenes take place.
Yes, Olympus Has Fallen is undeniably silly, but it's also an efficient, briskly paced thriller with a strong sense of momentum.
Olympus Has fallen packs a punch with its fair share of tired clichés. It's at once hokey and gripping, a pulp feature that certainly doesn't hold back.
Dumb as it may be at times, I still liked it well enough, but I'm pretty sure I would have loved it with a smarter script.
Ultimately, "Olympus Has Fallen" would have lost no more credibility if it revealed that the White House was actually made of birthday cake and Butler had to eat his way to safety.
Might have been more fun and less offensive had it been made in the 1980s or '90s. In 2013, however, it hits just a little too close to home to be brushed aside as mindless entertainment.
Olympus Has Fallen comes off like an entirely unironic attempt to revive the '80s cycle of let's-restart-the-Vietnam-War movies and home-turf variants like Invasion U.S.A.
While Fuqua may not have worried himself too much with logic, he's clearly conscientious when it comes to ballistics.
Olympus Has Fallen is an exercise in homeland implausibility.
A nitwit extravaganza that makes you long for the intellectual depth of Independence Day.
It has to be a joke, right?
Because it mirrors Die Hard instead of desperately trying to one-up the first masterpiece, it succeeds as being the most entertaining Die Hard sequel we've seen in years.
"Olympus Has Fallen" is everything an audience nostalgic for the Steven Seagal killfests of the '90s expects and deserves.
If I had a pickle for every time a person went to meet his Maker in this film, I'd have a bulging full barrel.
Not all the effects are brilliant, but the fighting and attack scenes are filmed with Fuqua's eye for spectacle and beauty, so the movie is always engaging to look at.
Sadly, Mr. Butler lacks the wit and the range to convey anything other than grouchy belligerence, and the script, by Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt, seems intent on squandering opportunities to be clever or interesting.
This is for those who like their political thrillers far-fetched, far-reaching and filled with pretty people.
Olympus Has Fallen may require checking your brain at the door, but if you're a buff of the action cinema of the 1990s, you'll find much to enjoy.
Olympus should find an audience with all my fellow action movie-loving fans.
Olympus Has Fallen clicks on most of the levels where you need genre movie-making to click.
We got the right guy in the White House: Gerard Butler makes this the action movie that junkies like me can't get enough of.
...when an obvious Secret Service baddie shows up to nervously have a smoke with Banning (as Hans Gruber did with John McLean), it's hard not to burst out laughing at the sheer chutzpah of the lift.
Fuqua makes the stealthy techniques of Butler's Agent Mike Banning exhilarating, but pads it with blockbuster-sized bookends and more bloodshed than your typical Saw flick.
While Gerard Butler is no Bruce Willis, his Mike Banning is a better facsimile of John McClane than the guy Willis is pretending to play these days.
"Olympus" has a strictly director-for-hire vibe; anyone with access to a Roland Emmerich movie or two (namely "Independence Day") and a mad-libbed action script could have churned out something similar.
The movie makes up in adrenaline what it lacks in brains.
Any semblance of seriousness and verisimilitude suggested by the marketing campaign is quickly forgotten once director Antoine Fuqua's enjoyably tacky Die Hard-on-the-Potomac gets under way.
It all goes down shockingly well, even if Butler lacks the sarcastic wit of a Bruce Willis or Arnold Schwarzenegger and even as the film keeps upping the eye-rolling quotient with cartoon characters.
Olympus Has Fallen takes a star performance and gallons of fake blood and stretches it into something both captivating and queasy.
New drinking game: take a shot every time the American Flag or a Presidential portrait shows up in Olympus Has Fallen.
It delivers in the most basic sense, but you wonder what a director with a sense of play might have done with the material.
Olympus Has Fallen is about as satisfying an action thriller as can be hoped for, with an irresistible premise and nothing but follow-through all the way to the finish.
Olympus Has Fallen may be opening in the spring, but it's such a blast that it could still be in theaters when the summer films hit.
If you need any more evidence that mainstream Hollywood is becoming a sinkhole for the greedy and creatively bankrupt, look no further than Olympus Has Fallen.
The level of dehumanized violence is disturbing -- more people get shot point-blank in the head in this movie than during a weeklong Deer Hunter cosplay convention.
Fuqua knows exactly how to pump up a straightforward script from first-time scribes Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt.
Pop jingoism isn't easy to stir once you've established a vibe that's so deflating.
[Butler] performs capably as the film's tarnished hero in a role that can't help but echo Clint Eastwood's disgraced Secret Service agent in In the Line of Fire.
If you have an uncle who hasn't seen a movie since "Taken," he's gonna' love this one.
...all action, and r-rated to boot!
The picture is basically a ground-based version of "Air Force One" with a much higher body count.
Because it doesn't take the easy way out, Olympus Has Fallen actually delivers more thrills than expected.
You'll note your expectations falling as well.
Dumb, slick, shallow and cartoonish, a piece of jingoistic claptrap that merely panders to patriotic emotion.
The one and only consolation for audiences is that the end of the world would never, ever happen this way.
While the storyline and dialogue are frequently predictable, "Olympus Has Fallen" succeeds largely due to Butler's believablity as a Secret Service agent.
A wildly mixed bag.
A cliche is a cliche no matter the clearance level, and the dimwitted Olympus embraces practically all of 'em--topped with a triple dose of rah-rah American fear-mongering.
The cheesy, jingoistic Olympus has all the freshness of a Sylvester Stallone vehicle from 1986 (and some of the special effects to match).
Not the worst movie Gerry Butler's foisted on us in the last five years.
Cut past the pic's superficial patriotism, and the message is ironically clear: Never outsource your visual effects when a domestic shop will do.
What this Die Hard copycat lacks in originality it makes up for in other areas, along the way becoming an entertaining and briskly paced throwback thriller.
There's no reason to overthink this. Just leave your brain at the lobby and enjoy 2013's most entertaining thriller yet.
What's the point of blowing up lots of stuff and stirring deep-seated national paranoia if you can't have a blast doing it?
Patriotism and extreme violence in tense action flick.
Directed by Antoine Fuqua with his usual slam-bang, cutthroat aggression but with almost nothing in the way of surprise or genuine, organic suspense.
A slick technical packaging by director Antoine Fuqua can't offset the lumbering plotting and patchwork quality of producer-star Gerard Butler's vehicle.
Fuqua has made a mean, tense (often silly), gung-ho thriller-actioner that's more entertaining than his former generic efforts.
Pretty ridiculously entertaining-or at least entertainingly ridiculous-for long stretches, dulled only by the realization that there are many parts of the country where this will play as less than total farce.
Butler serves up action on a silver platter in Olympus Has Fallen! The White House runs red with blood in this Olympian battle! Finally, an entertaining film from Antoine Fuqua!
Generates a fair amount of tension and produces the kind of nationalistic outrage that rock-ribbed Americans will feel in their guts.
Take away its swift kicks, severe stabbings, big explosions, and gory headshots and Olympus Has Fallen is just another cookie cutter action film with stale writing.
This film isn't without its ludicrous moments and formulaic faults, but Olympus Has Fallen is still a solid, old school action-thriller featuring a fine cast and a sincere execution by director Antoine Fuqua that lifts it above other fare of this sort.
There are moments of goofy, B-movie fun (certainly more of them than in the much-worse A Good Day to Die Hard) but not enough to get over the brutal nonsense that makes up most of this action flick.
A better Die Hard movie than the most recent Die Hard, but it's hard to quantify its entertainment value due to how ridiculous the whole thing comes across.
The film spends its first act establishing a flimsy emotional groundwork before gleefully taking a sledgehammer to it just seconds into act two.

@highlight

It's far from original, but Olympus Has Fallen benefits from Antoine Fuqua's tense direction and a strong performance from Gerard Butler -- which might just be enough for action junkies.