With Vaughn virtually asleep on the job throughout, his two very uncomfortable-looking castmates are hardly going to step in and save the day.
Dave Franco can bring a movie back from the brink of atrocity, but unfortunately, he can't make it worthwhile
While Unfinished Business is not good and I do not recommend it, it also didn't make me want to pour bleach in my eyes.
This film is supposed to be one giant lesson that Dan teaches his kids as well as himself, but all I learned was to avoid future Ken Scott movies
It's an R-rated comedy due to the Germany factor. Germany has endless co-ed nudist possibilities. These are the R-rated parts. So where are the comedy parts? We're not sure.
The only apparent "Unfinished Business" at hand in Vince Vaughn's latest is torpedoing the last remains of the actor's comedy career.
While not without big laughs, Unfinished Business never quite connects; it's just shy of the finish line, despite some very funny surprises along the way.
The most important unfinished business here is Steve Conrad's slapdash script, with its shifting tones, forced jokes and gaping plot holes.
At least the three affable stars have an infectious enthusiasm, but that chemistry only goes so far when it's so difficult to find much sympathy for these bumbling losers.
The problem is that this movie shares screen-time with a mid-2000s shock comedy. Hardly five minutes go by without something gross or disgusting happening.
You'll just be rooting for the credits to roll.
The movie gets dumber and more desperate as it goes.
It seems to have been designed as a family guy's workplace comedy on tour with the boys, a kind of EuroBusinessTrip with a heart: it fails dismally on all counts.
Comedies this toothless and safe are a dime a dozen...
The crude humor and cloying sentiment mix about as well as motor oil and vinegar...
"Unfinished Business" is sloppy, tiresome, poorly constructed and ultimately awful.
The movie had a chance to be better, but when the subject turns to something as timely as school bullying, it barely scratches the surface.
Jesus wept, Vince Vaughn has done it again - kicking the putrefying corpse of feel-bad scrotal comedy around our screens with the dead-eyed stare of the fiscally medicated.
Little contained in this misfire of a film works and the few successful things are dragged out to the point where they die a lingering death.
Watching a fumbling comedy flop isn't fun....
Vince Vaughn's usual motormouth appeal gets stuck in first gear in a muddled, patchy business comedy.
A hard-R comedy that at least makes an attempt to present us with real people rather than just receptacles for dick-and-puke jokes.
A would-be comedy of embarrassment that is simply embarrassing.
Shallow, dimwitted and inept. Makes "The Hangover" look like "Glengarry Glen Ross."
Jammed between pratfalls that include a man's face and a penis coming together is a sentimental story about the challenges of being a good, supportive dad. The movie wants you to hug your family - but wait, whoa, look at those tatas!
If I could have endured this film over a conference call it would have been preferable.
Unfinished Business is a perfect storm of unfocused - mostly unfunny - mundane comedic filmmaking.
...stiff and unfocused and strained for any kind of credibility or realism...
There are more penises on display in Unfinished Business than there were in Fifty Shades of Grey. Just let that sink in for a minute...
The three leads balance each other especially well: Vaughn's ironic vulnerability and Wilkinson's pained earnestness set off Franco's shy optimism.
Unfinished Business may be the best Judd Apatow comedy that Judd Apatow never made.
A tonal mess that jumbles elements of PG-rated fare with Eurotrip-esque shenanigans.
It starts with vague promise but rapidly degenerates into a puerile mess, flailing for laughs like a ten-year-old class clown desperate for popularity.
Not without charm, Unfinished Business mixes the cute with the raunchy.
"Unfinished Business" is a major let-down and proof that even someone of Vince Vaughn's ability and stature needs help behind the camera to make us love him again.
Going through the motions and never uncovering any funny material to play with, "Unfinished Business" is just that: a film that had loads of potential but isn't able to muster any laughs with it.
A wacky, hijinxy, dick joke-filled sex romp that inadvisably keeps trying to be touching.
There's plenty to like in Unfinished Business, even though viewers expecting the debauchery of a Wedding Crashers will likely leave disappointed.
Crass, inconsistent comedy has lots of sex, partying.
But I can't bring myself to hate Unfinished Business as it gives Vaughn, Franco et al. juuuuust enough funny stuff to do while being agreeably mediocre; it'd be like kicking a dog for its failure to be a cat.
Unfinished Business has a big heart, a tiny brain and a lot of bad attitude. That turns it into a murky mess as a movie.
A comedy is supposed to have jokes. This one just has ideas for them.
Painfully, and desperately unfunny. Which, for a film in the comedy genre, proves to be something of a problem.
The film limps along, with no sense of comic timing, slapstick reality, or even spontaneity. It's so airless, and yet it feels heavy as lead.
Rude, crude but often delightful and fresh business farce.
Truly abysmal - Vaughn's shtick has reached the breaking point.
The film's biggest issue is its awkward lurching back and forth between the goofy and/or risqué material and more serious issues. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Unfinished Business is strained, unnecessarily crude and downright bizarre in spots. Yet you'll laugh just enough at Team Vince Vaughn to forgive and (mostly) forget.
I guess they call it Unfinished Business because they meant to put in all of the jokes later, but forgot?
Apparently made by snickering 12-year-olds who like naked boobies and have heard rumors about the phenomenon known as 'the business trip.'
The problem with "Unfinished Business" is not that it is outright terrible, but that it is so terminally bland.
Too crude to be taken seriously and too family-focused to be a guilty pleasure, this is one company retreat you'll want to skip.
Unfinished Business means well, but it doesn't work well.
Vince Vaughn, continuing his decade-long streak of mediocre comedies plays another variation on his fast-talking, slightly oafish but goodhearted regular guy.
One can see it on the actors' faces: This was a mistake.
The odd juvenile chuckle that results from this may sustain you, but in terms of originality and heart this business trip fails to seal the deal.
The whole point of Vince Vaughn's cinematic existence is that he's a paragon for reformed chauvinism. He's an irrepressible but highly tamable id. Not so here.
Don't expect impressive profit margins.
There's enough big laughs combined with sweet family drama to make Unfinished Business an eventful journey.
A sluggishly paced collection of go-nowhere sight gags, flat-footed set pieces and incoherent business chatter that offers few laughs and little real payoff.
Vince Vaughn would make an excellent Willy Loman in a revival of Death of a Salesman. Here, he has the presence, charm, desperation and sense of yearning that characterise Arthur Miller's doomed anti-hero. Unfortunately, this is a very goofy comedy.
If only I could have left Unfinished Business unfinished... Five minutes would have been enough with this dull, dated tosh, so flaccid were the jokes.
Scott's direction seems to suffer from ADHD - most of the flair-free gags are rushed and little or no momentum is allowed to build up before we're on to the next malfunctioning comedy re-run.
A weird and sadly sour mash-up of wild, raunchy comedy, underdog triumph, and treacly family story
This is a movie that treats everyone like grey specters in a faceless corporation. Not that you would expect much else from a movie that openly admits its premise is boring.
Now where have we seen this before? Was it "Jerry Maguire?" Or an episode of "The Office?" Both. Except it was funnier then.
A fumbling mix of sentimental family fable and gross-out sex comedy.
This hybrid vehicle may take a unwise detour here and there - even hitting a mud-filled pothole or two - but in the end you just might find that it's been an entertaining ride.
Gay panic humor, jokes about German liberation, random business dicks, and the most un-earned sentimental ending imaginable lead to a film that just doesn't work out.
Criminally fails to take advantage of its vast comedic cast as they flounder in a sea of crude, dull gags
No better or worse than indifferent, although its targeting of the German capital for fratboy profiteering suggests some renegotiation of the Marshall Plan may now be necessary.
A lazy film that contains more than a few lazy laughs but will ultimately only amuse those thrilled by boobs staring at breasts...
If Unfinished Business represents Vaughn's desperate attempt to run whatever's left of his career into the toilet, then we can safely say that he's indeed finished.
"Unfinished Business" squanders almost every opportunity provided by its potentially funny premise. Instead, it becomes yet another blotch on star Vince Vaughn's résumé.
That "Unfinished Business" thinks it's a really fun idea to have a leading character named Mike Pancake tells you all you need to know.
When Unfinished Business loses itself to its own madness, there is the sense that its inherent weirdness is on the verge of coalescing into something big, brilliant and spectacular. But that never happens.
The role is a departure of sorts for Vaughn, his character more responsible than the goofballs he normally plays, but his frat-boy shtick has grown the worse for wear since the days of Dodgeball and Wedding Crashers.
Overall, the screenplay by Steve Conrad feels confused and sits uncomfortably between genres, causing the film to fall completely flat on its face.
This is one mess of a movie with just enough lowbrow laughs to stave off the narrative malaise threatening to freeze the story.
Certainly has the potential to tear through madcap Euro-based misadventures, but it would rather stick to sobering reminders of real-world behavior, draining most of the fun out of a feature that aims to please.
This film is just bad Business for everyone involved.
At times so shoddily made you'd swear it was actually unfinished, the charm of Vaughn, Franco, Nick Frost and the rest can't compensate for a shocking lack of jokes.
It's as if someone decided to film a standard Hangover knock-off script as the kind of painfully sincere, dour exploration of shattered dreams and squandered expectations.
A thin, tone deaf and seriously unfunny comedy.
What are we to say about a comedy that makes you walk out feeling lousy, that's like a parade of beaten virtue and (mostly) sadistic power?
Like several of Vaughn's most recent comedies, this one concerns itself with keeping its heart in the "right" place-i.e., a safe distance from the unsavory business of laughter.
A sort of unfinished idea that could have been interesting, could have been funny, could have been something other than the jumbled mess that it is.
More than just a misfire, this attempt at a rude comedy goes so spectacularly wrong that it actually contradicts its own jokes even as it's telling them.
Lazy, saccharine and (worst of all) safe, Unfinished Business is a stock image photo of what a raunchy road trip comedy is supposed to look like.
The True Detective-inspired Vaughnaissance can't get here fast enough.
Unfinished Business certainly lives up to the promise of its title: the film looks as though it needs another six months' work.
You can see the fear in Vaughn's eyes as another gag limps to its payoff, another scene fails to deliver anything but stony silence where the laugh is supposed to be.
Packed with montages and non-sequiturs, this is a weird-ass business comedy that still manages to pack a tiny emotional sucker punch in the end.
The fact that it can't spell out the basics of this business deal - outside of some "robble robble projected income graph percentage closing" jargon - is indicative of a general lack of focus and an inconsistency in tone.
The supporting cast takes some of the comic weight off the always likeable Vaughn's shoulders. But Wilkinson's character is too sad-sack to be really funny and Franco's verges on the mawkish.
Unfinished Business will seem woefully familiar to most anyone who's been to a movie theater - or taken a long plane ride - over the past 10 years.
Awkwardly wrapping a heartwarming message of self-acceptance in a layer of crude sexual humor, it's like a date who tries to pat you on the back with one hand while feeling you up with the other.

@highlight

Unfocused and unfunny, Unfinished Business lives down to its title with a slipshod screenplay and poorly directed performances that would have been better left unreleased.