An original, complex, and utterly gruesome revenge parable...
click for full review
Isn't a mess, but it's sure no competition for Winchester 73, Once Upon a Time in the West or even Kill Bill, films in which payback really is a bitch.
Startlingly powerful, slightly loopy take on the revenge flick . . . offers a wry authenticity that the too-stylish, tough guys and gals in Tarantino's wanna-be-epics of retribution can't exude.
The film is further proof that revenge, even when served as a cold dish as this is, ends up being far too chewy for a satisfying movie meal
What's intriguing is that Meadows makes us identify with these small-time hoods, even as he's setting up their executions.
Film plays as a quirky Brit riff on everything from U.S. slasher pics to revenge oaters but without Meadows' usual psychological complexity.
Though Meadows makes a lot of it, he mucks it up before it's over.
In a swift 86 minutes, director Meadows and co-writer/star Considine give us a methodical, handsome, emotionally intelligent version of the revenge flick.
The whole thing leaves a bad taste in your mouth.
Despite the fact that there is little left to the imagination, the movie is enthralling.
Atuações formidáveis (especialmente de Considine) em um filme moralmente ambíguo que, ao mesmo tempo em que funciona como maravilhosa releitura de Carter, o Vingador, analisa a natureza retroalimentadora da violência.
What makes it intriguing and eminently watchable is Considine's deft almost low-key portrayal of what is essentially an avenging angel.
In the end, the picture's more pulp than juice.
There's a hint of Shakespeare's goriest tragedies here, sucked dry of any attendant heart, emotional depth or compelling human interest.
For better or worse, this is a revenge saga that refuses to take sides.
Though the story is formulaic, the bleakly naturalistic performances give it an uncomfortable sting.
Unfortunately, the absence of emotionally engaging characters, combined with the cast's thick, unintelligible accents, undermines what could have been a taut and provocative exploration on the moral price of vengeance.
A poor fit for anyone. And that includes even the undiscriminating gorehounds looking for yet another bloody slice of payback.
Meadows ... very slowly builds to a powerful climax for this arty cross between Straw Dogs and First Blood.
Like Park Chan-wook's Vengeance trilogy, it explores the nature of the beast of revenge, leaving the audience in a sweat of dread.
Pugnacious, poetic and compellingly raw, it's a simple but unforgettable look at the roots and costs of frontier justice at a time when frontiers no longer exist except in the hearts and minds of men.
A violent and grungy film about revenge.
With Dead Man's Shoes I can get the thrill of a guy in a gasmask taking an axe to a bastard, while also getting interesting characters and moral complications.
Meadows [makes] a stringy pulp premise into something personal and passionate which builds from relaxed comedy into existential dread...
the film is a failure ... does nothing new or especially radical with the normal revenge flick
Despite some hints at conscience and humanity, Dead Man's Shoes is a typical slasher film at the core.
Dead Man's Shoes is for the true connoisseur: a tight, well-made, evocative piece of filmmaking that recalls the extreme emotions in some of Sam Peckinpah's genre-benders about retribution and vigilante justice.
Dead Man's Shoes is all about revenge, but in trying to be one of those serious revenge films that questions violence while indulging in it, it manages to keep virtually all the characters unsympathetic and uninteresting.
As anger sumlimation, it's a useful piece of work--the filmmakers wallow in their need for the drug of revenge.
Considine hawks a striking cipher, an avenging angel whose metaphysical communion with otherworldly energies is echoed in the film's unhinged, stewy surface.
Brit thriller, downbeat revenge story, but why can't the English learn to speak?
Disturbing, uncompromising and completely gripping.
...it's hard to imagine the film without Considine's amazing work.
It's as though there are two completely different films uncomfortably mixed into one and they're just fundamentally incompatible.
Dead Man's Shoes is never less than watchable, thanks to Considine's performance, but it's never really engaging either and there's a definite sense of the end not justifying the means.
A thorny take on the morality of crime and punishment, it's a back-to-basics guerrilla production that sees Meadows heading back to familiar gritty territory.
The ending feels like a desperate attempt to inject some emotion into the film. And it just doesn't work.
Powerful and intense.
The film is filled with deeply unpleasant and stupid people whose vapid speech is largely incomprehensible due to thick regional accents.
Shane Meadows delivers a tale that's as grimly satisfying as it is sadly insightful.


@highlight

Though enhanced by cramped, gritty camerawork, this unsettling look at violence and revenge lacks the provocative edge needed to give it a substantial kick.