Grudge Match becomes less a celebration of the real and fictional characters from boxing past (La Motta was a real person) and more a critique of society's bloodlust.
A botched high-concept premise, Grudge Match wallows in the sentimentality that seems to be an integral part of too many boxing movies.
[The] emotional angle in the film allows Stallone to deliver some surprisingly effective emotional monologues.
Somewhat formulaic, but a lot of fun regardless.
A story that's so on-the-nose that it appears to be following some predetermined rubric of what constitutes success for a sports comeback flick.
"(Not only) is this sports comedy poorly timed, it has more than just a whiff of desperation, both on the part of its remaining cast and the filmmaker."
Grudge Match certainly has enough successful elements to be moderately entertaining, although it's hard not to wish it contained fewer distractions.
If you're from my generation, it's worth checking out for the nostalgia factor, even if much of the film will be lost on the younger generation.
I do have to marvel at the way Stallone has always been able to make himself the underdog. This is a massive monster of a man who should by any account be the Goliath to any movie's David, yet he's always able to play vulnerable.
Grudge Match is one of those ideas that works as a passing joke rather than an actual film, but the film's brazenness is admirable, and it is possible to have a good time with it. Just make sure your expectations are suitably lowered first.
This film is clearly designed as a comedy as opposed to a drama. A few jokes will put a smile on your face but there's not enough to warrant a "must see" recommendation.
Two old guys get into the ring and start punching each other. Whoever the winner is, it sure ain't cinema.
Predictable 'oldie' jokes about mobility scooters, farts and 'moobs' abound in a film that can't decide if it's a low-denominator, wobbly-kneed comedy or a hotdog-for-brains version of The Wrestler.
It's wise not to underestimate the sheer guilt-plated fun of watching these two old pros from different sides of the acting spectrum verbally and physically spar with one another while hauling their geriatric carcasses around a ring.
Working from a cobbled-together screenplay by Tim Kelleher and Rodney Rothman, director Peter Segal pretty much goes through the motions.
Stallone and De Niro are burning up what goodwill they have remaining with their respective followings for the sake of an easy payday.
Imagine the stars of Rocky and Raging Bull squaring off in a boxing comedy about two old rivals of the ring out for payback. That's about all you need to know about this by-the-numbers, computer-written laughfest.
Although it pretty much just revels in its own crapulence, I enjoyed Grudge Match.
Ageing Bull versus Rocky Glaucoma? Has somebody knocked me silly? Or am I really watching 70 year old Robert De Niro bashing 67 year old Sylvester Stallone in the boxing ring? Is this a joke?
Umpteen rounds of flabby, lacklustre "dramedy" that was probably much more fun on paper.
Although it seeks to send up their greatest on-screen achievements, this half-baked farce merely reinforces the idea that De Niro and Stallone have seen better days.
So, yes, Grudge Match is an act of cultural vandalism. But, as sacrilege goes, it's reasonably diverting.
If you like gags about decrepitude, Segal's bought in the motherload.
Not really a boxing movie for boxing aficionados, but there is a ghastly fascination for these 60 somethings behaving like 30 somethings and looking like weird somethings, each in their own way
It's low on laughs and tries too hard, but the fact De Niro and Stallone are back in the ring giving it their best shot brings veteran entertainment value. The problem lies with the shallow, lack-lustre script
Grudge Match is like a lumbering old heavyweight, it's every body jab parried, every right hook deflected.
For all its many flaws, Grudge Match wins you over - but it's a points decision!
There's nothing you won't see coming, from the plot to the preponderance of weight gags that generally end with "but you ate it".
Stallone looks like someone who chooses his next project with the aid of a blindfold and a dartboard.
An embarrassment from start to finish.
It's a little annoying that this high-concept marketing project (Rocky vs Raging Bull!) is as entertaining as it is: we want to hate it, as tired actors are sending up their own faded images.
Never have I wanted to un-see a film more badly than this.
Mildly hypnotic.
Sly and Bobby duke it out in a massively underwhelming geriatric title fight.
It's not a travesty but it lacks suspense. You don't care who wins, perhaps because neither Stallone nor DeNiro wanted to play the bad guy.
Grudge Match doesn't quite deliver on its Rocky vs Raging Bull premise but it remains watchable thanks to engaging, committed performances and a script that knows how to effectively marshal its multiple clichés.
Something about it reminds you of the sequence from the original Rocky film in which Stallone spars with a side of beef, except with Stallone replaced by a second side of beef, and the first side of beef fighting back.
If it left out the sugary moments, it would have been a solid comedic romp about former rivals finding pride and peace through punching the geriatric juice out of each other. (Review: Nathalie Lawson)
Cheap sentimentality can't disguise the crashing cynicism on display.
An idea that must have sounded good on paper looks a lot less smart on the screen.
De Niro and Stallone still have just enough in their lockers to throw and take a half decent fake punch.
Two legends duke it out in underwhelming comedy.
There's a paucity of punch but plenty of paunch in this Rocky-vs.-Raging Bull comedy-drama...
In the thick of pretentious prestige project season, a fairly low-key but solidly engaging studio genre exercise can be a welcome refreshment.
If I had a towel, I'd have thrown it in long before the legacies of two great movies were slammed to the mat and ground into a crappy comedy like this one.
De Niro and Stallone prove they can still go a few rounds in the movie world. Not a great movie but definitely better than you expect.
'Grudge Match' is just about what you'd expect: an average movie that's an excuse to pair Sylvester Stallone with Robert De Niro in a sort of 'Rocky vs. Raging Bull' picture.
... can't decide whether to poke fun at these characters for their ridiculous stunt or to play it straight, and they get caught in the middle without any real payoff either way.
Grudge Match is winners take all and losers bought tickets. Now, tap gloves, and cash those paychecks.
Stallone, De Niro Shine in Pleasant "Match"
If there is a false note here it's the young boy that plays De Niro's grandson, He's too precocious and cute to be a part of this family!
By the time Sylvester Stallone and Robert De Niro start training for the big match -- it's called Grudgment Day -- you give in because, surprisingly, both actors have reported for duty, especially De Niro.
Predictable gags, but the dialogue is witty and both fighters have a weary pugnacity about them.
The seniors' climactic bout might be the most dispiriting scene to unfold in a boxing ring since a broken-down Mike Tyson surrendered to Kevin McBride back in 2005.
The veteran troupe of performers have fun sharing some tongue-in-cheek asides, and there are a few laughs, but it's not much of a movie.
Unlike its antecedents, Grudge Match won't collect any prizes, but nostalgic holiday audiences will likely reward it at the box office.
I wanted more from "Grudge Match" but it's nice to see Stallone and De Niro get back in the ring, even if once they get there it's a bit of a let-down.
There are plenty of jokes to be made about Grudge Match being "down for the count" or "K.O.'ed," but the sad lows this movie hits aren't a laughing matter for any of the stars involved.
...a palpably needless vanity project that one endures more than one enjoys.
Sylvester Stallone is never better than when he's playing Rocky or a character like him. Add Robert Di Niro to the mix and presto: guilty pleasure.
Muhammad Ali may have had the ability to float like a butterfly and sting like a bee, but Grudge Match can do no more than stumble around like a cockroach that's taken a direct hit from a can of Raid.
Watching these two wrinkled, leathery grandfathers - who are way past their prime - strip to the waist, touch gloves and duke it out in a big showdown is not only callously cruel but also pathetic.
...while it's an occasionally funny film with good performances from its stars, it's poorly and cheaply made.
While Stallone and De Niro have no difficulty proving they can still muster a decent right hook, it's the punch lines they have some trouble landing
It's surprising how funny the movie is. It's also surprising how good the performances are, and how strong the characters are.
Scrapping the bottom of the barrel for both ideas and archival fight footage, Grudge Match is like a bad Onion headline come to life.
Those hoping for comic fireworks to erupt between the meeting of these grumpy old men will be disappointed.
When "Grudge Match" pokes fun at the fight film genre, it lands some comic blows. It eventually loses the battle on points, though, when the more serious story lines get in the way.
The lines contain a fair proportion of laughs, and Segal doesn't let the pace drag. The glib, snappy Hart provides spark, bouncing lines off the sardonic Arkin.
This one probably never could have been a contender.
Pleasant but underwhelming, it feels like something that belongs on the undercard, never reaching the heights of a main event.
"Grudge Match" at its core is an affront to the cinema gods, an attempt to capitalize off two iconic films for a few cheap laughs.
The jokes are clumsy, the dramatic scenes stale and lifeless; like the climactic bout, the movie itself is a freak show, a fantasy matchup between two icons with nothing better to do than spend down their legacies.
It's the promise of the final bout that lugs the deadweight story through the first 100-minute, sputtering tractor pull.
Stick with your memories of Rocky Balboa and Jake La Motta, because "Grudge Match" isn't a fight worth fighting.
It broke my nostalgia, casting a gloomy dark cloud over my memories of "Rocky" and "Raging Bull." I didn't need to see this.
Unfortunately, its studio comedy roots are too powerful to pull, keeping the feature in a position of persistent mediocrity it can't punch its way out of.
This is a wretched movie, trading on characters we revere, yet doing nothing to honor them.
A tired GRUMPY OLD MEN retread. A waste of time and talent.
By the time the big concluding fight commenced, I didn't really care who won or even if the two characters would manage to make it into the ring. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Packed with crass and obnoxious humor, this new comedy is a loser for all of the great actors involved.
It's a good-enough film.
Has its moments, but is largely forgettable and with so many better options currently in theaters, this is strictly a preliminary bout that can easily be skipped.
You will find many many many movies to hate more than Grudge Match, but it isn't very good either.
Grudge Match has just enough thoughtfulness and emotional perceptiveness to make up for the many cliche elements - offering decent but unremarkable entertainment value.
Not just bad -- it is sad that it is so bad.
The script by Tim Kelleher and Rodney Rothman does manage to surprise and satisfy when it explores the boxers' familial relationships and their regrets over what might have been.
The picture itself isn't awful. It's just listless and lackluster with lots of dead air between the laughs.
The underlying premise of Grudge Match is appealing, even if the execution is lackluster.
The fight itself is slower than cold molasses and lacks energy but were we expecting Rocky II?
A match-up that comes about three decades late.
This is the long way around to saying that the ludicrous Grudge Match turns out to much better than anyone might have expected.
The film is shamelessly obvious and occasionally misguided, but Stallone gives it genuine emotional heft and Alan Arkin, as Mickey stand-in Louis "Lightning" Conlon, provides lots of laughs.
The actors are just going through the motions, and the uninspired writing and direction give them little reason to put in any effort.
Doesn't wind up face down on the mat, but this recycling of 'Grumpy Old Men' with boxing gloves certainly loses on points.
Drab and plodding as a matter of principle.
This by-the-numbers movie lets boys be boys. Women, however, better watch their step.
Let's refer to Grudge Match as Grumpy Old Boxers, or Rocky 57. Because that's what it aspires to be.
It feels like a braying network sitcom, complete with supporting cast made up of stock characters, including Precocious Child, Old Man with No Verbal Filter, and Fast-Talking Black Guy.
The result is maybe more interesting than we might have expected, but it's not particularly funny.
[An] overlong, drab, not-so-funny sports comedy ...
Chewing gum for the eyeballs. It'll be sweet for a few moments, and then lose all flavor, only to be spat out and forgotten a few hours later.
The best thing about 'Grudge Match' is the utter lack of lame old-timer jokes and - especially but especially - Viagra gags.
If the idea is for us to recall that we've enjoyed seeing these actors in vaguely similar roles, I guess it sort of works, but the problem is that those were good movies, and the images from them remind us that "Grudge Match" is horrible.
Even by low standards, Grudge Match is astonishingly undercooked.
When Razor and the Kid are supposed to be publicly promoting their bout and instead devolve into bickering buffoonery, there's nothing but ill-timed punch lines where the chemistry between Stallone and De Niro should be.
Grudge Match is definitely not your best option in theaters this holiday. Far, far, far, far... far... really, really, really far from it. That being said, and despite the fact that it is cliche and obvious, the movie delivers some heart.
Grudge Match reeks not of ringside liniment and sweat but rather a late-career cash grab for its stars as they exploit far better work done years earlier.
While Stallone (67) and De Niro (70) have done a commendable job keeping their waistlines in check, the vision of the two actors shuffling about the ring in an awkwardly choreographed slapfest is not inspiring.
Isn't a terrible movie, it's just a lot of fluff that serves very little purpose beyond 100 minutes of forgettable entertainment.
Actually not that embarrassing.
The rare cinematic experience that is both wall-to-wall jokes and wall-to-wall depressing.
Remembering the greatness of Rocky and Raging Bull while watching Grudge Match only made me sad.
It's exactly as clichéd as it sounds. What's unexpected, however, is the sensitivity and sense of perspective that Grudge Match brings to much of this secondhand material.
"Punchy Old Men"
"Grudge Match" could have been a cash-grab disaster. Instead, it's sort of respectable.
"Raging Bull" it ain't -- it's not even "Rocky IV."
Even the audience at whom the movie is aimed - the crowd for whom dinner and a movie means meeting up at 3 p.m. - will be bored by the stale funk coming off every scene.
Grudge Match is harmless enough as entertainment. Just not as harmless as its poor protagonists.
The script for this film is never sharp or savvy enough to counteract both the ick factor and the simple lackluster quality of it all.
A fun idea. But the moderately funny and half-heartedly dramatic Grudge Match is only a passable vehicle for the pairing ...
Five rounds to De Niro and five to Stallone. Special mention for the banal screenplay which is passable whenever nobody in the cast is speaking.
Go watch Rocky and Raging Bull again. Because, as they say at closed-casket funerals, it's better to remember them as they were.
Mr. DeNiro, there are other hobbies.
The result is sporadically amusing, with some chucklesome sight gags and crowdpleasing supporting turns from Alan Arkin and Kevin Hart, yet it's all so overcooked that it defeats its own purpose.
I'd shave a round or two off Grudge Match, but its heart and its fists are in the right place.
A desultory boxing flick whose punches miss wildly as entertainment but manage to chip away at the iconic legends who return to the ring after decades away from the sweet science.
Long brewing in the aluminum urn of Hollywood's caffeine truck, comes a great -- but over-steeped -- idea poured into a cardboard cup of story.
In the end, this is no Ali-Frazier grudge match. It's more like Larry Holmes coming out of retirement to make $3 million as Mike Tyson's punching bag. Depressing.
Grudge Match has wasted its two talented stars so badly that it almost counts as elder abuse.
Although he has no debts to us, perhaps it's time De Niro really considered if he doesn't owe himself a little more.
Grudge Match is funny, at times explosively so, but also uneven and flawed.
Thanks to a stellar cast and some great one-liners, Grudge Match is a funny, albeit completely disposable, time at the movies.
It will come as a surprise to none that Grudge Match is so wantonly clichéd that to watch it is to explore the outer perimeters of one's own tolerance for a specific type of feel-good sports film.
Grudge Match yells a lot and maniacally yanks at the heartstrings like a buzzard ripping out soft tissue, but even the in-ring battle choreography is abysmal. It's all pretty depressing, to be truthful.

@highlight

Grudge Match is sporadically funny but meandering, and its strong cast largely mired in a plot that's overrun with clichés.