It's a balance that mostly works, though a final twist at the end introduces an odd tension that, while wacky, makes the film's climax feel somewhat uneven.
This is one of those movies that takes a potentially interesting character and then gives her a one-way ticket to Squaresville.
Even great performances can't completely overshadow the film's formulaic nature.
Crushingly unfunny, it's a must to avoid.
A lot more entertaining than the majority of its critical raspberries would suggest.
Berman and Pulcini -- American Splendor, The Nanny Diaries -- found a tone somewhere between tragedy and nonsense.
What a disappointment.
All in all, this is an extremely forgettable film that will more than likely drift from your memory as you're watching it. Then again, what would you expect from trying to build a film out of clichés and nonsensical pieces?
Even if you added a laugh track the tone is glum.
A perfectly gauged performance by Wiig holds this ramshackle comedy-drama together, as she plays a woman forced to confront everything she has always hated about herself.
Sometimes dysfunction just doesn't work.
There are moments to make you honestly wish it were a better movie, and that the semi-autobiographical screenplay by Michelle Morgan didn't feel so much like a first draft.
Once you get past Imogene's insufferableness, you'll find yourself rooting for her.
Incidental at best, and a touch irksome at worst.
The 'exoskeleton' subplot is as clunky a metaphorical experience as you will ever endure.
Ultimately, this is a comedy that shows a lot of early promise but fails to deliver.
The twinned themes of self-invention and self-loathing are redolent of Rushmore, Flirting With Disaster and Young Adult but Imogene's brand of narcissism has its own velocity.
There's an over-reliance on Wiig's gift for ditzy, put-upon characters, although her charm wears thin, while the script veers between sit-com humour and pathos.
The rustle of producers' notes and test-screening cards gradually drowns out anything amusing.
Much of this could be forgiven if you had even the remotest shred of sympathy for Imogene. But from beginning to end, she's the sort of character you should cross the cinema foyer to avoid.
The presence of Kristen Wiig helps salvage this lazy femme riff on the slacker comedy.
A watchable comedy enlivened by strong comic performances and likeable, offbeat characters, though Girl Most Likely settles for rough edges and quirky moments ...
Even though this comedy has a tendency to dip into cartoonish silliness, it's anchored by a razor-sharp performance by Wiig as a woman forced to confront everything she hates about herself.
Wiig is always watchable and her comic timing is impeccable, but her bored expression only serves to amplify the monotony of the plot.
A thin soup of weak jokes and contrived drama.
Feeling somewhat similar to the likes of Frances Ha, in that it's a self-discovery tale of a woman finding herself, this does just lack that bit of class required to completely pull it off.
Girl Most Likely is occasionally funny but it's a more formulaic film than you might expect from former documentarians.
Kristen Wiig's comic artistry and its melodramatic tinge are squandered in this frenetic, schematic comedy, which also lays waste to a fertile premise.
a flimsy, dreary debacle
I went in search of Ocean City, and all I got was this stinking movie.
By the time this movie ties up the plot threads into a false and forced finale, this Girl is most likely to disappoint.
Nobody in this movie is really appealing enough to be much fun. The state of New Jersey should sue.
It never rings true because it bogs down in contrivances and heightened character quirks that emphasize sitcom caricatures over authentic family dynamics.
Tepid dramedy mixes a few laughs with some heavy topics.
"Girl Most Likely" is a strange movie, in that it has the atmosphere of a comedy and some extreme characters set up to be comical, but there are really no funny scenes.
Wiig didn't write the script for Girl Most Likely, but surely all those years of making tangy lemonade from the SNL writing staff's lemons must have given her the chops to do more than she manages to do here. What a shame.
An odd, slightly off movie that's bound to be mistaken for a bad one, Girl Most Likely is a showcase for the superb comic talents of Kristen Wiig.
Girl Most Likely is the kind of film where awkward retro names abound and a character walks around in a wetsuit because he's been hit by lightning so many times. It's all so wacky it must be funny, right? Hardly.
This one seems a little determined in its quirkiness, assigning its characters one gag apiece.
Solid performances by its talented cast barely compensate for the lack of depth in the toothless, overly simplistic screenplay.
The screenplay is the biggest problem here, riddled with unconvincing details and widely vacillating between disparate tones.
One of those films that awkwardly tries to find itself -- its tone, its narrative core, its sense of timing and pacing -- but sadly never does.
Girl Most Likely is a case of good actors in serious need of worthwhile material.
Wiig's shtick-heavy performance is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the problems afflicting this dire "comedy."
Expectations are high for the film, Wiig, and directors Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini (of the innovative American Splendor) -- and the result, disappointing.
Another movie about a woman falling into a deep funk because some narcissistic twit dumped her.
This film suffers, as you can guess from this précis, from quirky-overload.
Tiny and well-intentioned but dramatically inert and sham-kooky.
Shoulda been way funnier, given the talent involved.
Wiig finds herself sadly outmatched in this comedy crammed with wacky and tacky characters-types, all of them-in which she's stuck functioning as the uptight, frustrated straight woman in the middle.
Whether "Girl Most Likely" intentionally satirizes its upending of conventions or suffers from a half-assed screenplay, the resulting hodgepodge at least livens up a clichéd premise.
If you're expecting "Bridesmaids" style humor, don't. Wiig and company are dull and clueless.
It's a clichéd-ridden quirky comedy that suffers from a "been there/done that" feeling that looms throughout it's running time.
Kristen Wiig delivers another adorkable star turn in 'Girl Most Likely,' which works until it doesn't.
It's funny and pleasant and comfy enough. But reach, Kristen, reach.
The movie, though it has occasional flashes of heart, rings hollow as a hermit crab's empty shell (an allusion you will most certainly understand upon viewing).
Unfortunately, it's just not funny enough ...
[Wiig] might want to consider whether she really wants to get stuck unto eternity playing women on the verge.
I only laughed once ...
The kind of movie you root for to get its act together..Take the great Kristen Wiig out...and it would be unbearable.
Ocean City, the New Jersey town battered by Hurricane Sandy, certainly didn't need the drab, unfunny "Girl Most Likely" invading its shores.
Relentlessly artificial and broad...absolutely nothing in 'Girl Most Likely' feels remotely human.
Somewhere in this overstuffed mix, there's probably a good movie about a woman's journey to self-discovery and self-acceptance.
Flat and mostly unsurprising.
A failure from start to finish.
It's impossible not to root for Kristen Wiig, even while you wait in vain for the funny to pop in her latest.
Wiig's new comedy sulks limply along with her, unable to bring the kind of energy that might complement her tendency to underplay every scene.
It means well and everyone appears to be having a good time, but so many things are wrong with the film, from a limp script to slack editing that leaves entire scenes hanging.
Often resembles more of a failed sitcom pilot than a feature film.
Something is wrong when the wardrobe gets bigger laughs than the dialogue.
The kind of movie destined to become the answer to the rhetorical question, "With a cast this good, how bad can it be?"
Wiig is tailor-made for this sort of insecurity-based comedy, but both the dull script and the bland direction let her down.
There is a trick to playing downtrodden, borderline-pathetic characters without putting off the audience. Kristen Wiig has mastered it.
Wiig's panicky, high-strung drama queen, who masks her uncertainty with double talk, is a version of the characters at which she excels, but which work best in a sketch format or in films with sturdier narrative spines.
Like Imogene's early promise, "Girl Most Likely" is likely to be forgotten quickly. The sooner the better.
It's impossible to predict what will happen next in "Girl Most Likely." But you do become confident that whatever happens will be loopy, good-natured fun.
Directors Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini have made a career focusing on lovable oddballs, but their new film lacks the satiric sharpness of the duo's best work.
Absolutely hilarious and absolutely heartbreaking. Kristen Wiig is brilliant.
You don't often see a diver execute an elegant back-flip and then plummet into a belly flop.
Because Wiig is an actor of uncommon depth, one can easily tell when projects aren't equal to her intelligence and talent. "Girl Most Likely" is one such blunder, a plodding, familiar indie comedy that wades too often into sitcom territory.
Girl Most Likely builds to a climax of such monumental stupidity that it destroys whatever slim pretense of realism the film has heretofore established.
Less funny than her worst SNL sketch, Girl Most Likely strands Kristen Wiig in a dreadful, disingenuous city-vs.-suburbs comedy ...
If the first 90 minutes of Girl Most Likely grate and disappoint, wait until the final 10 or so, when directors Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini try covering their maniacally depressive tracks like cats in a litter box.
The desire to escape your hometown and reshape your identity is potentially rich territory to explore but the script by Michelle Morgan looks only to mine from the surface so you end up with trite lessons about how there's no place like home.
It is a deeply confused picture, and as a result, it's very hard to invest in to any real extent.
As a pleasant couple of hours at the movies, it'll more than do.
Can't decide if it's a broad farce or a poignant portrait.
Bening flaps her arms like a baby bird and Dillon takes his There's Something About Mary sleaze down off the shelf, but their game supporting performances can't prop up screenwriter Michelle Morgan's prefab-to-a-fault script.
Doesn't succeed
Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini's dismal, D-grade sitcom isn't fit to lick the boots of Whit Stillman's four films.
Imogene does not set out to be anything important, but it delivers some genuinely hilarious performances from every single one of the lead performances.
...this could very well be the premise for an off-the-wall new sitcom...
There's enough indie quirk in Imogene to choke a Sundance programmer.
Hollow, uninteresting and false.

@highlight

Largely witless and disappointingly dull, Girl Most Likely strands the gifted Kristen Wiig in a blandly hollow foray into scattershot sitcom territory.