Sure in essence it's formula and pretty much just a romantic comedy, but [the film] is a sex fueled hilarious teen comedy/road flick...
It has its rewards, most notably a likable trio of teen characters - and a couple of wild-card sidekicks - who are given room to carve out personalities of their own.
Likeable enough, and even amusing for stretches, but ultimately too generic for a recommendation. [Blu-ray]
Okay, it doesn't have an original bone in its body, but forgetting the awful title, Sex Drive has its share of snappy lines and decent gags. It's also got Seth Green and James Marsden on cracking form, which should never be underestimated.
Little has changed since the heyday of John Hughes: nerdy hero on a mission to get laid, red sports car, bespectacled BFF- check, check, check.
Although the Hughes tone in the first half slowly gives way to more predictable frattish comedy, alongside Superbad Sex Drive is one of the funniest American high school comedies in ages.
It's crushingly generic stuff - a combination of gross-out gags and clammy sentiment - but Seth Green's cameo as a sardonic Amish car mechanic has its moments.
Duke has good scenes as Lance, but this is a rental, rather than a go-see.
It's a keenly enjoyable celebration of teenage insecurity and - for hairy-handed teenage hordes - offers the first chance to see Amish breasts since Harrison Ford clocked Kelly McGillis in in Witness.
Think of it as American Pie for a post-Apatow world: crude, yes, but with its heart exactly where it should be.
Too many of the gags aren't funny, the tone is depressingly sexist, and the characters won't make sense - even to teenagers.
It's as crude, tasteless and offensive as all the above suggests, although it comes with a smattering of medium-sized laughs, making it a trip just about worth taking if you're a hormone-pumped adolescent.
If you have an insatiable urge to laugh this weekend - this is your cure.
Neither film wins a prize for visual style. Each deserves one for clever gags and zanily zig-zagging dialogue.
It is played with gusto and each of the characters avoids stereotype. It is also genuinely funny at least half of the time. The other half is a bit prurient in a style with which we are all too familiar now.
Likeable, frequently hilarious teen comedy that's like an updated version of The Sure Thing, crossed with Road Trip and American Pie.
Suffice to say that any movie that can pack in an orgy (or the idea of one) in puritan Amish country has some merit.
A hilarious movie with a particularly stupid romantic subplot attached.
Why in the world is this essentially sweet tale of two super shy teenagers who fall in love dressed up in utterly profane fancy dress?
Sex Drive starts off well, but quickly deteriorates into a compilation of rehashed jokes that go for the lowest common denominator every time.
At its very best, some sequences would be considered funny enough to warrant inclusion in the deleted scenes section of the Superbad DVD. At its very worst, think stale American Pie.
A lot of the jokes and situations are crude, as you'd probably expect from this kind of movie, but the film works as a bit of a guilty pleasure because the three central performances are so good.
...it is all very predictable without the heart that the American Pie crew offered...
Penis gags, poo and bum-driven gags, masturbation embarrassments and the consistent use of crude expletives are not nearly as hilarious when over-used as the filmmakers seem to think
eynoyhismeno American Pie (1999) me adeia odigisis kai foniki diathesi na tsalapatisei opoia ennoia sebasmoy sto idio to dimografiko tis, ehoyn afisei orthia ta sequels tis tainias poy eisigagan ti seksistiki ilithiotita poy pernaei gia hioymor sti syghro
Sex Drive feels like a date with a prostitute: if you pay your money, you get what you expect, but there's nothing fun or new about the experience, and ultimately you feel more a lot more sleazy than satisfied.
It's not even that Sex Drive is a terrible film--it's just a completely disposable one.
Underneath the raunchy humor (and obvious cribbing from Rob Reiner's The Sure Thing) there's a sweetness to Ian's friendship with Felicia.
Director Sean Anders returns raunchy teen comedy to the no-expectations pre-Apatow era.
Move over, Judd Apatow. There's a new comedy sheriff in town.
In its best moments, [suggests] a live-action rendering of the Jerry Scott/Jim Borgman comic Zits.
Pop a blue pill if you see it. In this case, a few funny moments don't make for an especially funny movie.
Not revolting enough to be a bad film, but not witty enough to be a good film.
Hollywood has come under first for its PG-13ification of various genres. Films like Sex Drive remind us of how funny a film can be when it goes the distance.
It's not "The Sure Thing" -- it's not even "Never Been Thawed" -- but it's probably about as well made as a movie called "Sex Drive" has any right to be.
[I]have put more original thought into this review than the film's writers put into their any part of their movie.
Just about as raunchy as a comedy like this can possibly get. It's 'American Pie' with the brakes off .
he first half-hour of this movie is super-worse, with only some sub-American Pie gags fleshing out the lame-brain plot, but once it gets on the road, there's pleasure to be had.
Some jokes work, some don't and, frankly, I can't remember either, but it leaves a sweet aftertaste. Slight, but sweet.
Above all, Marsden and Green are a genuine delight.
It hits its target, but Sex Drive, your basic puke/horndog/gratuitous-nudity comedy, isn't exactly aiming for the stars.
The comedy is uniformly crude and lewd, some of it works and some of it's lame.
There should be some kind of law that if you're going to make an incredibly derivative, violent and vulgar teen comedy then it must also be funny.
The movie isn't fresh, but understands what it's copying well enough to to it well.
A film destined for an undistinguished second life as a pay-cable plugger for decades to come, Sex Drive benefits from the low standards of the teen sex-comedy genre.
Sex Drive may slather on the gross-out humor, but underneath it has a heart.
While it elicits a few laughs, Sex Drive has little to ignite either the comic road-trip genre or the teen-sex romp.
The title Sex Drive is a pun about a road trip in search of nooky, but it's also an apt image of what it's like to be a teen guy. You're the car. The stick shift is driving you.
Just slightly funnier than you'd expect, this dashed-off teen comedy cribs from a thousand other movies, without coming up with anything original of its own.
It brings a welcome intelligence and an ensemble of really cool, funny actors to the age-old subject manner.
The overall result is uneven, with the truly funny stuff undermined by the cheap laughs.
Formulaic doesn't necessarily mean lifeless, and Sean Anders, who directs (and co-wrote the script), hits a number of bits just right.
Occasionally sharp but never quite as smartly formed as it could be, this Sex Drive is only partly worth the trip.
The film is generally well-staged and adequately acted (Seth Green stands out as a sarcastic buggy-driver).
Sex Drive is a cut above a lot of the garbage aimed at the nation's hapless 18- to 24-year-old moviegoers.
To use a 1980s sex-comedy metaphor, Sex Drive is to Superbad what Hot Dog: The Movie was to Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Once you strip Sex Drive of its naughty bits, all the sex, swearing and loud, loud music, the film is as dull and safe as a 1960 high-school guidance counsellor's pamphlet on dating.
Unlike the majority of teen sex comedies nowadays, it thankfully doesn't resort to nonstop repellent gross-outs. Unfortunately, it doesn't find much to replace them with, either.
The bar for teen-sex comedies has never been very high, but this one clears it and then some.
Leans a little too heavily on the dumb, lowbrow stuff. And by the time it tries to redeem itself and its characters, it's nearly too late.
The bottom line is that I laughed, sometimes a lot, and while I freely admit the script is a bunch of teenage sex comedy hokum the fact I couldn't stop smiling says volumes for just how overall entertaining it actually is.
Sean Anders' derivative gross-out movie Sex Drive is easier to take if you accept that the answer to every baffling plot question is "because it's a teen sex comedy."
The movie's a working definition of "safe sex."
Falls somewhere in between part endearing emo love story, part gross-out semen gag-fest, and, very occasionally, a smart, inspired, non-sequitur-laden hoot.
The story dithers, albeit entertainingly, for such a long time...that you start fearing it will be a dry hump of a movie where he's concerned.
The most notable thing about Sex Drive is that it reserves all its creativity for ways to revolt and ostensibly delight its target audience.
Hilarity does occasionally ensue, though it's almost exclusively courtesy of Sex Drive's big guns, James Marsden and Seth Green.
Kids will need some pretty serious beer goggles to get over the flaws of Sex Drive.
It is rude, crude, lewd and %u2013 worst of all for a comedy %u2013 not very funny.
A combination road movie and teen sex comedy that is totally predictable fare.
... a highly derivative teenage sex comedy that borrows liberally from Judd Apatow's soulful geek movies
Oh grow up Hollywood!
Sex Drive is absurdly funny and a perfect example of nice guys always finishing last.
A thoroughly clichéd virginity-deadline teen comedy with none of American Pie's trangsressiveness (it's hard, these days) and little of Superbad's intelligence.
Can't even live up to the lowest expectations of the genre.
As raunchy as you'd expect from an R-rated teen sex comedy, but surprisingly clever and even sweet at times.
Not a terribly original movie, but it is often a very funny one.
The raunchy moments are so far beyond the bounds of good taste, even by the admittedly elastic standards of this particular genre, that the results are more creepy and unpleasant than funny
...one of the least impressive comedies to come around in quite some time.
a road trip with too many stops for fast food.
The first half is unfunny and desperately crass, the second is unfunny and genuine -- at least, as much as possible for a film that climaxes with a guy wearing a donut costume
Sex Drive, which follows the same road as Rob Reiner's far superior The Sure Thing, is brought low by too much emphasis on crude humor...If only Anders had eased up on the ick factor
Raucous, thoughtful and romantic in nearly equal measure, Sex Drive is a teen comedy pulled off with unusual flair.
It's the latest in a long string of teen sex comedies where the audience just might find themselves rooting for the STDs.
Overall, the movie is mediocre, but surprisingly, what begins as a formulaic raunchy comedy about loss of virginity of yet another white boy, takes a turn for the better and more poignant in the second half once the journey begins.
Sex Drive thrives on cruelty.
American Pie got Euro Trip drunk and this is how their unwanted child turned out. A stammering tool of a comedy.
This movie doesn't contain 'offensive language'. The offensive language contains the movie.
Sex Drive is a Sure Thing for the Superbad generation. But if it lacks much of The Sure Thing's warmth and romance, Sex Drive makes up for that in goofy, no holds-barred raunch.
If Judd Apatow revived the raunchy sex comedy with such films as Superbad and Knocked Up, Sean Anders happily advances the genre with Sex Drive.
...rather prim even when it's trying to be gross...
Even as Ian's journey detours into National Lampoon-like farce, the movie remains faithful to a portrait of teens as they see themselves.
Isn't really a good movie, but compared to the usual line of junk in this genre, it's comparatively tolerable--except for that awful trailer scene, that is.
Director/co-screenwriter Sean Anders knows the best comedies are the unpredictable ones and he keeps the affair from getting stale with quick cuts and increasingly crazy scenarios for the characters.
Vulgar teen sex comedy lacks verve and vision.
Maybe Sex Drive wouldn't be such a slobbering excuse for a comedy if anyone involved had shown one iota of originality.
Sex Drive's first 30 minutes may lead one to suspect there's nothing new to be seen here, but it undergoes a transformation once the preliminaries have been dispensed with. John Hughes would be pleased -- and so also might Judd Apatow.
Sex Drive twits its own lost innocence with a knowing backward glance (the winsome leads deserve a more humane movie), and Seth Green is uproarious as an Amish farmer who speaks in sentences so passive-aggressive, they're like tiny slaps.
When you're in the theater, sucked into the movie's demented little world, you happily wallow in the sticky comic mud.
An occasionally funny, always outrageous sex farce [that's] not much more than an average teen comedy.
Given the absence of any real freshness or inspired surprise here, it really should have been shorter, but at least the actors play those familiar characters with an energetic conviction.
Clumsily juggling gross-out gags, cartoonish physical humor and synthetic date-movie sentimentality, helmer Sean Anders offers a bumpy, boring journey in his strenuously unfunny road pic.
The pleasure lies in being surprised when the movie overcomes its own limits.
A more dirty talk than action auto-erotic road movie boasting horny Amish party animals and trailer park testicles. And likely a more effective public service enticement than sex education classes, for inspiring extreme abstinence.
Easily the funniest teensploit of 2008 so far!
The trip takes them to hysterical locales, and the cast is often hilarious in this low budget surprise.
An obligatory smattering of gross-out humor and a litany of erotic hopes and fears get ground up in a slapstick approach to an already diminishing genre.
Another attempt at being the latest hip,raunchy comedy. And... it rises far above the other impersonators and rip-offs. This movie surprised me in every way.




@highlight

Sex Drive has some hilarious moments and is well made for a raunchy teen film, but will appeal to few beyond that demographic.