Even though it isn't the most well-written movie of the year or anything, the movie's primary demographic of teenagers might actually take away something useful regarding how their Internet behavior affects people in the real world
Had Nerve stuck to the intrigue around online games, it could have been an efficiently entertaining piece of cinema.
Emma Roberts (usually seen as the mean girl) makes for a relatable, reclusive teen. Dave Franco is all smiles and charm; you want to go on this dangerous ride with him.
Nerveplays more as a survival-of-the-fittest lesson - a Darwinism-fueled cautionary tale for the GoPro generation.
Nerve is really good.... The dénouement is a bit too clever for its own good but its point about the dangers of online anonymity is bang-on.
The plausibility of its scenario gives "Nerve" an unexpected edge.
It's a scary world and it feels way too close for comfort.
There's enough humor to elevate the script above total idiocy. And as with Schulman and Joost's fake documentary, you'll always be wondering what's going to happen next, even if you're a little embarrassed for doing so.
It's preposterous but propulsive and never less than compelling in its perception of current digital culture and the craving for instant fame wrought by reality TV.
The further the film goes, the stupider it gets.
Nerve is a movie that's right on time.
While it's regrettable that Nerve's last act doesn't live up to the lead-in, it still delivers an entertaining and provocative hour and thirty-six minutes.
That Roberts and Franco make an engaging and enthusiastic pair helps; that Joost and Schulman are just as vibrant and energetic in their pacing and style does as well.
For a film designed for an audience that will unlikely be able to purchase its tickets with their own money, Nerve is a surprisingly solid, if derivative teen thriller.
What the film has going for it primarily is a sense of immediacy.
As the film enters its third and final act, you realise that it's not possible for it to be wrapped up in a logical fashion.
The energetic cast and crew keep the story moving at a brisk pace, generating moments of comedy, emotion, romance and some genuinely breathless suspense along the way.
It's tremendous fun, extremely zippy, and much more in tune with teen-speak and modern technology than many of its peers.
The two directors entitled their film Nerve. It's a pity they didn't hold theirs.
The denouement is ridiculous, the conclusion sketchy and the script's attempts to be hip are, in the end, slightly pathetic.
As entertainment goes, Nerve is fun due to the chemistry of its leads, but it's what it has to say that is where it makes its mark.
A solid film with very convincing performances plus a well designed photography and sound. [Full review in Spanish]
A recommendable film despite its slightly weak performances. [Full review in Spanish]
Seriously, with each "big" reveal jackhammered one after the other into the last scenes, Nerve just gets smaller and smaller in your estimation.
The film has some ridiculous scenes but manages to keep suspense and thrill. [Full review in Spanish]
A very entertaining and original film with a great script and pretty decent performances. [Full review in Spanish]
The film moves briskly enough that we rarely have a second to unpack the less-than-airtight logic of the game itself.
The secret weapon of the film is cinematographer Michael Simmonds, who has a whole bag of tricks up his sleeve.
...a slight but clever little tech thriller...
Anyone coming to this thing in October may be floored by its quaintness. By November, Nerve might feel like War Games; by December, Arrival of a Train at La Ciotat.
Joost and Schulman manage to weld this hi-tech story into one about the fragility of pubescent friendships and that very Hollywood theme of being true to yourself.
This lightweight thriller for the new millennium is flashy, with decent, likable characters and adrenaline-fueled thrills, even if it grows ever more implausible and ultimately disposable.
Nerve, for all its faults, is a timely reminder of the perils of social conformity in an increasingly online world.
Taking its name from a fictional smartphone game in which contestants roam New York completing challenges and are whittled down until only one remains, Nerve is basically Pokémon Go meets Highlander.
Catfish directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman prove they still have their fingers on the digital pulse.
It's easy to be cynical about Schulman and Joost as gimmicky exploiters of the zeitgeist, but in Sharzer's script, they've channeled the illicit excitement of Truth or Dare into a digital form and turned up the gas.
It's fun, fast and a great movie for teens.
While the game itself never feels credible and the climax is weak, the whole thing moves fast enough that many viewers will be swept along.
You go along with the charismatic cast and atmospheric shots until, ultimately, it gets on your nerves.
New York makes a suitably dynamic backdrop to this high-stakes trial, and the potshots taken against the ugly mob mentality of the anonymous online participants hit their target.
...it's ultimately difficult to envision this thin story working as a short let alone a 96 minute feature.
Nerve is a moral fable for the social media era, and a Cinderella story that turns into The Hunger Games. Luckily, it's much more fun than that makes it sound.
Compared to the Michael Douglas-starring head-melter The Game, Nerve is really only a warm-up, but it is fun and it will keep you off your own phone for a bit. Maybe.
This ingenious thriller based around gaming and social media can't quite sustain its early momentum.
Directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman set a lively, suspenseful pace, aided by Madeleine Gavin and Jeff McEvoy's razor-sharp editing.
There is a lot to enjoy here.
A zesty entertainment that may avoid seeming hopelessly dated until it arrives on DVD (if such things still exist).
Nerve zips along, looks really smashing and has the mental wiring of a hyperactive squirrel.
"Nerve" lacks a courageous plot.
It's puzzling that this work has the tone of a tut-tutting, government ministry -- or church group-funded public service announcement, when it is meant to be primarily a piece of entertainment.
Nerve's biggest problem is that, much like a confused kid in high school, it just isn't sure what it wants to be.
While the first half of the movie is a giddy good time, at a certain point the inherent implausibility fueling things begins to take its toll.
Joost and Schulman - along with writer Jessica Sharzer - address and explore all of these ideas through this one simple premise, casting an eye over the dangers of the world wide web.
Fast-paced and incredibly silly ...
fails on every level but two, and those are the ones that are the most important. Do we care about what happens to our unlikely heroine? Do the increasingly dangerous dares keep us on the edge of our collective seat? Yes and yes.
From the slick and sleek neon aesthetics to the tight scene work and bright cinematography, the viewing experience was both enjoyable and rewarding
Pure millennial schlock, Nerve is a lot of dumb fun.
How much you enjoy the flick will depend on your ability to accept its disregard for logic, reality, technology, and the laws of physics, but if you're willing to dig its lunacy, there's definitely some fun to be had here.
Nerve is a dizzyingly of-the-moment good time, a dystopian meet-cute in present-day New York.
It briefly has enough energy to be diverting, even if it soon moves from cute to ugly to ridiculous.
It gets off on the highwire fun of living on a digital dare and then pisses away its provocations by lecturing us with a metaphorical take on social media as an STD. What a buzz kill.
There is only one thing to say to the presumption we should care: Some nerve.
If you approach it as a fun excursion and nothing more, you'll likely have a good time. That's how more summer fare oughta be.
Phenomenally stupid.
Nerve looks fabulous and the pace is evenly adrenalized, which makes up for clichéd characters, a concocted premise and commentary that is a bit on the nose ...
"Nerve" is sharp looking and delivers real jolts, even if the climax pushes things a bit far and wraps up too easily. Or maybe it's an accurate look at what'll happen when "Nerve" becomes real?
The final act turns Nerve from crime thriller/teenage drama into a banal morality play.
A teenage game of basically truth or dare is the focus. Supposed to be tense and isn't. Texting teens walking across an actual real street is much more nerve-wracking.
Like one of its daredevils hanging one-handed from skyscraper scaffolding, Nerve mostly manages to maintain its precarious balance of pulpy suspense and social commentary.
As Nerve loses more touch with reality, we lose interest.
Nerve is all about our dependence on technology, but it will also make directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman's movie into a heavily dated time capsule for 2016.
Fun and interesting for a while before losing its appeal, "Nerve" ends up running out of that in the final act. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - Available)
Joost and Schulman use nearly every trick imaginable to keep Nerve's energy at a consistently high level and to give it a visual uniqueness.
The movie falls apart in the second half, bogged down in computer-hacker mumbo-jumbo and a heavy-handed message about the insidious effect of anonymous online users.
If it collapses in the end by going dark and also bonkers and bringing in hackers ex machina to clean up its mess, well, directors Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost can say they did it for the feels.
The movie never makes your choices difficult or challenges your role as a consumer, indicting consumers of violence in a way that's simultaneously obvious and pleasurable, and not at all your problem.
The sharpest, wildest and most unpredictable thriller I've seen this year ...
An enjoyable teen flick about the glamour and danger of the internet.
"Nerve" is quick and suspenseful throughout, never lagging for even a second. But a moral gray area turns into a sermon, and the movie doesn't give you enough to think about to keep you from pulling out your phone afterward.
Its messaging is half-baked and blunt, but Nerve still manages to be a solid YA thriller that boasts more than a few heart-stopping set pieces.
For about 45 minutes, the movie's engrossing fluff, a stylish cautionary cyber-tale aimed primarily at teenage girls.
The film has a fatal messaging problem: it lambasts online group-think and "hiding behind screen names" while also glamorizing the game.
Emma Roberts and Dave Franco are just fine, but there's no huge onscreen spark between them. Most of the supporting roles are thinly drawn and forgettable.
Nerve may be too safe for its own good, and too ignorant of its subject matter to be taken fully seriously, but at least it knows how to show us a good time.
A desperate, preposterously stupid climax undermines the already-thin narrative, negating a solid, stabilizing performance by Roberts.
Up until now, Roberts and Franco have been second-tier actors in the industry food chain, but their first-rate performances in this better-than-average genre flick exude something called charisma.
Playing on the ubiquitous prevalence of the Pokemon Go phenomenon, along with the popularity of horror films, this should appeal to media-obsessed Millennials...
The titular smartphone game at the heart of the cyber-thriller "Nerve" makes Pokemon Go look like amateur hour.
Not only does it uncannily evoke the feelings of awkwardness, alienation and excitement that come with being a teenager, but it conjures the kind of suspense that will give your armrests a workout.
It comes off like a combination of "The Hunger Games," "Saw" and Pokemon Go. Maybe that sounds like a good thing. It's not.
A successful and memorable thriller.
Bright, brisk, and enjoyably silly ...
"Nerve" loses its titular gumption right when it gets going, growing more obsessed with Disney Channel-style social circle hysterics than the greater evil of a life lived in service of a faceless audience.
Almost lives up to its name
Though it's fitfully engaging and periodically watchable, it can't overcome its inherent weakness: it's about idiots doing stupid things for no good reason.
What starts as something that's as timeless and high school-y as 'Pretty in Pink' becomes Pokémon Go meets 'The Purge'. Phones don't kill people, people do.
It's a lot of fun, thanks to a cast who make themselves at home in this instasnaptubing, neon-lit world.
By the end, you'll wish you hadn't been a watcher.
Eventually sunk by its cobbled-together premise and the filmmakers' inability to deliver an appropriate payoff.
When this thriller has to turn the screws of its climax, its fundamental stupidity surfaces.
Nerve knows we're all playing the game.
What's strange is that the movie becomes significantly dumber once it actually finds a legitimate target.
...the concept of someone painting an exaggerated picture of herself online only to be faced with mob rule is a slick analogy of Internet trolling that gets lost in chaos parading as suspense.
The freshest thing about "Nerve" is that there's no big bad guy controlling the strings of the game, just a mob of anonymous "watchers" who bring out the worst in people - it's like the villain of the movie is a comments section come to life.
Part of me screamed for this film to get off my lawn, but an even bigger part of me succumbed to playing by its rules. Nerve is too much fun to stay mad at for long.
The characters are just complex enough and the action is just engrossing enough to keep us interested.
The city and the plot points wheel right by, the leads fetchingly entranced with each other. If one patch of dares disappoints, there's another coming right up, and the directors stage and shoot them with swooning neon kinecticism.
Franco grins diabolically throughout, and Roberts sounds a bit like a junior version of Sarah Jessica Parker's "Sex and the City" character ... otherwise, they're awfully bland, and it's hard to get too invested in their fate.
Nerve gives moviegoers everything they'd want from a teen romance. It's a little less successful as a critique of life in the age of Instagram.
You don't ask if a roller coaster has a coherent plot or well-developed characters. You just get on and enjoy the thrills. If you can do that, you can take the dare.
The commentary on social media is hardly sophisticated, and the game's completely unrealistic structure hinders the movie from saying anything of real substance.
A killer concept and better execution. Part adrenaline rush/part social commentary on insta-fame and Internet mob mentality, Nerve is smarter than the typical teen thriller.
By merely transposing its generic high school clique drama onto an augmented reality platform, Nerve sacrifices most of its novelty.
"Mr. Robot" meets "Battle Royale"... a neon-saturated teenage dream, high on first kisses and digital hearts.
Other films -- including David Fincher's The Game (1997) -- have done this better, but with its engaging story, energetic soundtrack and slick production values, Nerve is an easy watch for restless young minds.
[The] screenplay ... amounts to little more than a string of flashy stunts before fizzling to a contrived close. For all its hints at imminent catastrophe, "Nerve" feels surprisingly tame.
Succeeds as a suspenseful, yet cautionary tale that speaks to the screen-centric Generation Z. Hopefully, movies like Nerve ... may actually touch one.
Despite some impressive set pieces, it ultimately loses steam as it twists to its underwhelming conclusion.
Nerve is refreshing and frustrating in equal measures, mining a genuinely inventive concept for some memorable, Mean Girls-esque pathos about the ways in which the Internet is changing and magnifying social structures for young people today.
Silly but fun, even if the romance between thirty-year-old Dave Franco and a seventeen-year-old character carries an ick vibe.
Evolve[s] from a silly, ineptly made teen thriller into a crushingly heavy-handed cautionary tale about the morality of online voyeurism.
The perils of social media may be ripe for the after-school-special treatment, but less expectedly, they make for a half-decent Hunger Games riff.
Clever, exciting, sweet and full of quick twists that never devolve from serving a well-built story.
"Nerve" seems too good to be true, and it is, sort of. After a dynamite first two acts, the third bites off more than it can chew.
Combine the tech terror of Black Mirror with the opposites-attract romantic comedy of 10 Things I Hate About You, then add a jolt of pure adrenaline, and you've got Nerve.
Truth or Dare goes digital in the teen techno thriller Nerve, a light bit of summer fun as long as you can look past the fact that none of it makes any damn sense.
Blisteringly cool one moment and ridiculously silly the next, this punchy and propulsive late summer surprise is able to capture the way we live now because it displays such a vivid understanding of the reasons why we live that way.
With its attractive young cast and a multiplatform media campaign, Nerve won't need to rely on going viral to find its audience, but it's unlikely to be trending for long once viewers digest its simplistically cautionary message.
For all that it bounces off a lot of contentious issues about children and the internet, where Carrie-style bullying has moved into the unsupervised zone of cyberspace, Nerve frustratingly stops short before eventually falling in on itself ...
The pros slightly edge out the cons to make this perils-of-the-dark-web story appealing, and potentially a breakout success for the junior high set.
"Nerve," let's be clear, isn't a movie to take seriously, yet its fast lunge at topicality - the way it uses the contest at its center as a lightning-rod metaphor for how young adults interact in the digital age - is part of what's fun about it.
Growing increasingly convoluted the further it wades into mundane thriller territory, "Nerve" jumps the proverbial shark and loses its nerve.
While the film's vertiginous set pieces are appropriately heart-clenching, it's not nearly as successful at little details like plot and character.

@highlight

Nerve 's fast pace and charming leads help overcome a number of fundamental flaws, adding up to a teen-friendly thriller with enough energy to occasionally offset its muddled execution.