The intense fighting takes the sappiness out of what turns out to be a very moving film.
There's very little in this film that you haven't already seen in other boxing films, but O'Connor and his cast and crew really put together a sports drama that's every bit as gripping as Rocky, and they manage to do so within the bounds of a PG-13 film.
'Warrior' is secondarily a movie about the world's fastest growing sport, MMA. If you like the fight game, this movie will have you yelling and jumping out of your seat.
When most popcorn flicks wear their preposterousness on their sleeve, here's a rare one that can, even should convince you it's smart, heartfelt, real-world-grounded entertainment while still requiring a massive suspension of disbelief.
A movie that engages the viewer and gets his heart racing. [Full review in Spanish]
"Warrior" is basically an action flick for chicks. You would not believe the amount of melodrama.
Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon.
Director Gavin O'Connor tries sprucing up the material by swapping out boxing for mixed martial arts, but it's still the same old story told the same old way. At least Real Steel had robots.
The punches always seem that much harder when you understand just why they hurt.
A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever.
Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake.
Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion.
Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience. Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction.
...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness...
Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense.
Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not just because it's emotionally rich, but because it doesn't treat the MMA sport like a joke.
The characters are honest and true, the fight sequences are brutal and raw, while the central themes being delivered in the denouement pack a major emotional wallop.
Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't want either fighter to lose.
One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the clichéd elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliché is the whole point.
In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not wanted on this two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family.
Not far removed from its true-to-life counterpart 'The Fighter,' 'Warrior' is about two men who decide to enter a mixed martial arts competition for two very different reasons.
A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness.
A superb drama, and a remarkable sports film.
Its most rewarding moments being the well-choreographed brutal MMA fight scenes.
This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
Warrior makes a creditable attempt at expanding the scope of the MMA films - and whilst not always successful - the powerful performances should keep many people happy
Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't seem like such a pipe dream anymore.
Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time.
Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never submitting to life's beat downs.
Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
Dotted with emotional honesty and strong storytelling that you only find in truly special movies.
Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion.
The film's great achievement is not in the way it manages to drop us suitably wimpy audience members right into a good ol' fashioned no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time.
As fight films go, Warrior is as gutsy as they get, with not just a big cash prize at stake but a whole family
A towering, punchy film in which redemption is the key theme ...a career-making role for Edgerton
A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.
There have been a lot of movies about fighting, but few have been more personal and emotional than this one about a whole family of fighters divided by a bitter past of desertion, alcoholism, regret and death.
Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball.
Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level.
easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years
A mélange of Rocky, On the Waterfront, The Wrestler and The Fighter.
Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliché-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing. Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances.
Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering. Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions.
Take the underdog fantasy of Rocky and multiply it by two, add an even more dysfunctional family than the one in The Fighter, throw in Mixed Martial Arts and you have the formula for rousing fight drama Warrior.
Not a knockout, but worth a few rounds nonetheless.
Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
As compelling and savage as the fight scenes are, it's the brutal personal dynamics that keep us interested.
Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
What takes place outside the ring (or cage, in this case) is at the heart of this knockout of a movie, not the flying fists, jabbing kicks and bone-breaking body slams of its well-staged fight scenes.
Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch
Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars.
Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton makes an implausible character believeable.
Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously clichéd script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte.
A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight.
This doesn't pack a punch like 'The Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
The point here is not the triumph of some hypothetical good guy; the point is the beating out of brains
The movie is so skillfully made, and the performances are so convincingly real (Hardy is sensational), that, as it reaches its cathartic, winning finish, it achieves a surprising compassion and honesty.
The chip on Tommy's (Tom Hardy) shoulder is so large it's metastasized into fleshy musculature in this overly familiar but effective fight picture.
a hodge-podge of inspirational sports movie cliches mashed with pseudo-intellectual bullpucky trying to rise above its stand as a blatant advertisement for mixed martial arts
Warrior ends up feeling a lot bigger than you expect it to.
They call them "male weepies" for a reason and yes, dude, I cried.
Somehow, among the clichés and familiar story lines, the actors rise above the muck and make a movie that's entertaining to watch.
Only one thing actually needs to work, and it does... the important part is that when it gently treads on your heartstrings after all the pieces are in place, you get sniffly.
A tougher, meaner animal than close cousin The Fighter, with Hardy, Edgerton and Nolte at their pugnacious, heart-wrenching best.
The best movie I have seen this year. Hardy, Edgerton and especially Nolte are outstanding!
Nolte, his face weathered from life (has it really been 35 years since he played young Tom Jordache on "Rich Man, Poor Man?") would easily make my short list when Oscar nominations come around.
If you pass on seeing Warrior simply because you don't like MMA, you're denying yourself the chance to see a solid, well-made, emotionally gripping movie.
'Warrior' makes you cheer, sweat, laugh and in a completely shocking twist, cry just a little bit.
If another writer, someone that does not telegraph the entire story, was brought in to help the multiple hat-wearing O'Connor, there could have been some surprises in store for the viewer.
It's too corny to live. But the picture is a slam dunk. I mean a ground-and-pound double-leg takedown. It's really gripping.
...slow, predictable, woodenly acted, and utterly preposterous.
Tom Hardy's riveting performance as a Tommy Conlon in Warrior plays like a teaser of things to come when he takes on the role of Bane in the next Batman movie.
I had problems with The Fighter, but on balance, I have more with Warrior, which does a nice job of mostly subverting the inevitable genre cliches but has trouble coming up with anything new to fill the void.
Warrior's three principle characterizations are compelling - Nolte in particular gives a tempered performance as the shambling, sad-eyed wreck of a dad - but not enough to mask the film's lesser elements.
Warrior is an epic, beautiful film, a must see!
The MMA bouts in "Warrior" are undeniably thrilling, but it's the cages that Paddy and his sons have built for themselves that contain the most drama.
The beats are familiar, the stakes are high, the fights are brutal, and the rewards are just.
O'Connor films the fight scenes, and the fight training scenes leading up to them, with the requisite oomph.
For some viewers [it] will be a knockout, a movie that comes on strong, like Tommy … For me, it came on more like Brendan … in the end wrangling me to the ground.
For all the contemporary references, it's essentially a spin on the story of Cain and Abel, which may be the reason it feels timeless.
enough ancillary surprises, and clever spins on classic tropes, to add a piquant sense of discovery, as well as some genuinely gripping suspense
It's also a fight movie that knows all the fight movie cliches and doesn't shy away from embracing them wholeheartedly. But it hits its marks and hits them well, and feels fresh even as it traffics so deeply in the familiar.
Fantastic family drama features intense martial-arts fights.
'Warrior' is a contrived, if also entertaining, Irish-American Gothic fable pumped with steroids and schmaltz about brothers facing one another for a $5 million cash prize in an MMA championship cage.
Warrior is a weirdly affecting hybrid, a 100-proof melodrama that's two-thirds Sylvester Stallone and one-third Eugene O'Neill. Think Rocky's Long Day's Journey into Night.
A film that's a powerhouse for all the old-school reasons: a tremendous cast, identifiable characters you care about and a story that both excites and moves.
There are extraordinary degrees of emotion and intelligence to be found in every word spoken by Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
a ludicrous mashup of the dysfunctional family of "The Fighter" and the entire Rocky series.
It's a movie with as much heart as violence, somewhat cliched and calculated but still an exhilarating screen experience. You wouldn't believe how good this movie is, and I wouldn't blame you.
The very well-written script...successfully squeezes new life out of many fight-movie, sibling-rivalry and Irish-Catholic cliches. Edgerton's and Hardy's performances are excellent, as is Nolte's. Exciting, visceral filmmaking at its best.
I cried three times! While a bit manipulative, I found myself emotionally invested in every character to the point where I could almost feel the punches!
Soap opera plot aside, ultimate fighting fans will eat this one up. As for the rest of us, it depends.
Warrior is a must-see, even for those who dislike sports movies.
Exceedingly far-fetched but undeniably rousing.
The word "gravitas" gets tossed around a lot, but Warrior has it in spades.
Subtle it ain't.
Right up until a poorly chosen ending, I was caught up in every twist and turn.
Warrior might be a fairly conventional fight movie in many respects, but it's a damned fine one that more than holds its own against the challengers in its weight class.
Though it's essentially an astronomically silly formula sports movie stuffed with bone-crunching action, 'Warrior' plays so skillfully as family melodrama that it should connect even with viewers who would never think of watching an MMA match.
... for all of its supposed realism and reflection of hard times in America, the movie plays out as complete fairy-tale nonsense. It isn't a working-class success story -- it's a working-class fantasy world.
It all goes down quite easily in a highly entertaining, crowd pleasing sort of way. (Parental Movie Review also available)
Director Gavin O'Connor comes out swinging in this flawed but fiercely moving family drama...Strong stuff.
O'Connor doesn't just provide rah-rah fighting -- he makes it mean something. It's a pretty sneaky trick, giving us a testosterone-driven fight movie that also makes us cry.
While "Warrior" does offer enough jaw-snapping action to sate any 'roid-ragers in the audience, it works on deeper levels as well.
O'Connor treats the brothers' stories like two separate movies, but both are cliched, and we don't learn enough about the rules of mixed martial arts to be drawn into the many, many bouts we see.
Nolte's performance is masterful, marshalling together pain and regret and a slowly dawning comprehension in a single wince. But all this film has going for it besides him are its incredibly brutal fight scenes.
A cheap exploitation picture wrapped in miles and miles of stale would-be Oscar scenes...
"Warrior" could have used a bit more guts. But it's still a knockout.
This fictional drama about two men struggling with the anger planted in them by their abusive father has moments of power that push through a fake-out script.
Even Susan Lucci is rolling her eyes at these soap opera twists and turns, but Warrior is pretty good.
Three great actors and a smart script -- combined with the rah-rah sports movie we all know and love.
A surprisingly affecting story.
It's just a shame that, when the punching and kicking really gets started during the film's final third, the 140-minute tale goes flabby due to an uncomfortable mix of sincere populist enthusiasm and artistic ambition.
These are characters painted in such broad strokes that, while the sense of their journey is there, the feeling behind it winds up lacking.
Yes, the coincidences are fast and furious, but both Edgerton and Hardy give powerful performances as damaged men.
Warrior resists many opportunities to seal an easy resolution, and for this you remain with it until the final punch.
It's great that a Hollywood movie finally takes mixed martial arts seriously as a sport, but unfortunate that it had to be this one.
Hits things so hard, both literally and metaphorically, that it's hard not to feel pummeled yourself by the time it's over.
This heartfelt fight drama is Rocky for the UFC crowd. ... Warrior works fine as a popcorn fight flick, but it really excels as a character drama about a broken family seeking to repair itself.
A skillfully made film complete with strong performances and a surprisingly gripping emotional core and it is those elements that help keep it humming along even when it threatens to collapse under the weight of its occasionally hokey plotting.
A likely candidate for induction into the pantheon of great boxing movies.
The plot is Shakespeare meets Balboa.
Choppy editing makes a hash out of the fight scenes, and, by the end, a Neanderthal sensibility asserts itself: A brotherly beating makes the heart grow fonder.
moving in a blatant sort of way
Story, character, development and outcome are hackneyed, done elsewhere, sometimes worse, often better, but you can't keep a good story down for the count.
The set-up sounds gallingly crude and derivative, yet "Warrior" turns it into a one-two punch of gripping action and powerful drama.
The two leads, Edgerton and Hardy, pull off their respective roles - rising above the cliches and the melodrama - with ferocity and focus.
Yes, this is a mixed martial arts movie. It's also one of the most heart-wrenching and deeply felt films of the year.
All the director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor does is apply old boxing-film tricks to what is, for the movies, a new sport. Then he doubles them.
"Warrior" is like the rousing "Rocky" sequel that Stallone never thought of.
It is appropriately blunt, powerful and relentless, a study of male bodies in sweaty motion and masculine emotions in teary turmoil.
Every time you start resisting, somehow the film makes the sale, again.
One of the most emotionally involving sports movies ever ... surely as moving a film as possible to make about people beating the stuffing out of each other.
The scariest man in movies right now might be Tom Hardy. He somehow makes his sinews seethe.
"Soul of a lion." I jotted that down. For with "Warrior," it seems to apply.
O'Connor chucks away everything that was interesting or dark or subtle in "Warrior" and replaces it with a pseudo-individualist, sub-Freudian, Tea Party-friendly fantasy.
Warrior is a man-weepie of the highest Hollywood order, a would-be Rocky for an empire in decline.
This is a rare fight movie in which we don't want to see either fighter lose.
Lovers of the sport and macho men in general be warned: Warrior is so beautifully constructed and emotionally engaging, the tears are almost certain to fall. Bring a hankie and/or a very discreet companion.
Drawn-out and threadbare, its occasional moments of authentic family drama failing to carry the weight of the 140-minute running time.
Director Gavin O'Connor has turned the octagon of Ultimate Fighting into a cage of boiling family emotion.
The film takes off into the stratosphere, perfectly balancing concise editing, strategic momentum and masterfully performed fight dances while never letting the audience forget why this is happening and where we are in the competition.
An adrenaline-soaked Saturday matinee type of movie.
Hardy, Edgerton and Nolte vigorously dig into this toxic dump of sour, hostile emotions and their exchanges are bruising.
Against all odds, Warrior sucks you in and leaves you thrumming with excitement.
All in all, though, Warrior wins on points, even with a resolution that didn't work for me.
The coincidences and melodrama are piled on as thick as Tom Hardy's neck muscles, but, thankfully, the movie, and even Hardy himself, shoulders it.
The picture develops a serious limp. O'Connor seems terrified to play any of this with subtlety, despite the movie's finest moments played quietly.
Hardy is as good an actor as there is working today; his intensity here is amazing. Nolte hasn't been this good in a long time. And Edgerton holds his own with both.
Alas, although the acting's uniformly strong, and the film has kitchen-sink grit to spare, it errs more on the side of 1995's Rocky IV than John Avildsen's '76 original...
Works like gangbusters -- tears will be stifled by the end of the sibling vs. sibling finale -- and most of the credit should go to Hardy, Nolte and Edgerton.
Skillfully made and adrenalin-fueled, Warrior is nothing like what I expected. It overcomes inescapable boxing and martial arts clichés and leaves you thoroughly sated, energized and wanting more.
Like Rocky squared: an underdog story with two underdogs..a blast of excitement and roaring physicality. You don't have to be a fan of the sport to get a charge out of it.
'The Fighter' is the one that's based on the true story, but between the two, 'Warrior' not only feels more authentic, but it's a slightly more enjoyable watch, too.
Old line-gargler Nolte remains an effortlessly moving presence, while Hardy and Edgerton embody their archetypes and handle the physical demands.
Perry's fight choreography is exceptional -- you don't have to be a fan to follow the action or get thoroughly caught up in each match.
A double-barreled Rocky for the mixed martial arts generations, the practically epic fight film Warrior is one of the most exhilarating surprises of this summer movie season.
With great intensity, Warrior is a pleasant surprise, capturing the heart and spirit of a champion.
The way it cobbles together the multiple storylines and relationships makes Warrior a more emotionally satisfying film than The Fighter. Lionsgate may want to get the train going on an Oscar campaign for Nolte.
A top-notch entry in its respective genre and an all-around fine character drama.
Even if Warrior could have or should have shaped up into something bigger, it's impossible not to recommend.
There have been so many fight movies to come out of Hollywood that you wouldn't think there was room for another, but turns out there is.
The final third of the film, which covers the Sparta tournament in great detail, is a breathless triumph; a genuinely adrenaline pumping crescendo.
An immature, contrived, sap-infested drama of feuding family members, feel-good histrionics and mixed martial arts.
With Miracle and now Warrior, Gavin O'Conner can lay claim to being the finest sports-drama director working today.
It's about broken families coming together. It's about economic desperation and about America getting off the ropes and recovering its fighting spirit.
O'Connor builds 'Warrior' from tropes and cliches and constantly subverts them in assembly. It's fascinating.
Ultimately, this movie is more about the dark, bloody conflicts within the human heart than it is about what transpires in the cage.
A brilliantly executed film that succeeds both as a family drama and one of the most exciting sports films you're likely to see this year.
WARRIOR made me want to get on my feet and cheer. Move over BRIAN'S SONG- this is going to become a "guy cry" classic.
Boys working out their issues with their fists and feet isn't a particularly original metaphor, but Warrior makes some unexpected choices that allow the film to punch above its weight.
It hardly rewrites the rulebook, but Warrior is a powerful, moving and brilliant sports-pic-cum-family drama. Like The Fighter, but with kicking.
[VIDEO] Magnificent. The 21st century version of "Rocky" and "Raging Bull" rolled into one, "Warrior" is as solid as Tom Hardy's steely ab muscles.
Warrior sets its sights on something much deeper than fighting.
Gavin O'Connor's attempted something I can't honestly remember seeing before in a sports film, and he's pulled it off in spectacular fashion, creating one of the year's most rousing pieces of emotional entertainment as a result.
It's a great fight movie, even if you, like me, could not care less about Mixed Martial Arts. But it also plumbs the emotional depth in a way that The Fighter really focused on doing, but never quite did.
O'Connor has established Hardy as a star and successor to a young, intense Marlon Brando. Hardy gives so much emotion and commitment to every character he plays, that he is a dazzling revelation.
Warrior is emotionally intense and decently acted, but it's too familiar as family melodrama and too manipulative as populist and inspirational sports picture.
As so many films get lost in the Friday shuffle of new releases, it seems easier for a quality, smaller film to miss its audience. Don't lose Warrior. It's one of the best films of 2011.
The family drama resonates strongly with a resolution that, in retrospect, seems like the only way the brothers could have rediscovered blood ties. Meanwhile their fights are downright compelling.
An improbably effective and affecting mix of raw emotions and exciting smackdowns.
A sports film whose promise of a more nuanced take on familiar genre tropes ends up battered and bruised.


@highlight

Warrior relies on many of the clichés that critics of the genre love to mock -- and it transcends them with gripping action, powerful acting, and heart.