[Nasty Baby] is designed to pull you out of your comfort zone, and it does. But its often half-baked ideas mean it's more repulsive than thought-provoking.
A certain deadpan lightheartedness, as well as the pleasure of watching pretty people filmed in pretty places, sweeps us into the film. So what occurs in the final half hour comes as even more of a shock than it otherwise might.
Veering off in a totally unexpected direction, it features a key role played by House Of Cards' Reg E. Cathey as a local crazy... but to say more would ruin the pleasures this barbed comedy has to offer.
Nasty indeed.
This is one of those awkward films that depicts complacent characters while itself looking complacent, and Silva never quite seems in control of his volatile material.
Silva captures the boho hipster milieu of the Brooklyn setting, but adds a sense of unease ...
Nasty Baby is an off-kilter film that alternates between passages of amusement and aggravation, before it suddenly snaps into focus in its final stages
Nasty Baby is a one-trick dramedy that bets the house on a daring final-reel twist that arrives far too late to compensate for the sheer bum-numbing agony that's gone before it.
This is a strange, unclassifiable piece of work, bordering on craziness and incoherence but acted and directed with such quiet vehemence that it has some interest.
Builds to a crescendo of debate-sparking ambiguity and a question of whether ends justify all means.
Wears its brilliant social observations lightly and enjoyably and then with shocking audacity.
Silva succeeds in keeping his characters sympathetic and their relationships honest, if unconventional, and his approach is bolstered by some terrific performances.
Wiig strolls the line between adorable and obnoxious with the ease of a pro.
Its character study and performances are accurate and compelling, bringing the desired critique successfully, consummate and credible. [Full Review in Spanish]
Like many Rivette films, Nasty Baby is an enigmatic comedy-drama set in a bohemian subculture, with a plot involving the creation of a work of art.
Timely social satire of the most scathing and cynical kind.
After the off-kilter weirdness of Magic Magic and Crystal Fairy & The Magical Cactus, the Chilean director returns to the dark-shaded humanity of his breakout hit, The Maid. Nasty Baby is his most satisfying work to date.
...as in his criminally underseen "Magic, Magic," there is a strong sense of foreboding all along, Silva littering his story with clues that this just may be an unholy alliance.
Gentrifying neighborhoods are a timely target for satire. . .pitch-perfect at capturing . . .worst pettiness, condescension, and isolation. . .in their brave new PC world.
Dramatically undercooked and shot in a way that makes the whole thing feel random and amateurish.
It's difficult cinema, absolutely so, but like the most interesting of the difficult movies, it's an eminently memorable watch.
This unusual, well-acted drama disappointed me with its shocking turn to the dark side during the last part of the movie.
an engrossing film that is as original as it is thought-provoking in how it will challenge your complacency
Offbeat drama about modern babymaking turns dark and bloody.
An awkward scene between the artist and a local gallery director highlights Silva's fluency in the rituals of social superiority.
Ultimately, Silva's uneven command of tone undoes whatever goodwill his actors have managed to generate. They - and we - deserve much better than this.
Sebastián Silva's Nasty Baby declares its button-pushing intentions right on its in-your-face title screen, but it actually ends up having a surprising amount of heart.
The real shock is how a low-key indie drama becomes so broad and overheated, hinging partly on a dumb joke and becoming one itself.
(The end) slams the brakes on any goodwill you had for the characters.
Silva's screenplay has a slice-of-life feel; Sergio Armstrong's cinematography provides the natural lighting and handheld camerawork that adds to that sensation.
Nasty Baby takes aim at a fat target: gay modern-family dramedies, those well-meaning, self-congratulatory films that haven't actually felt modern in a decade.
"Nasty Baby" rights itself intriguingly when Silva pushes his characters into unknown territory and lifestyle is imposed upon by life.
Sebastian Silva's Nasty Baby is a sweet story that becomes enthralling, as it takes an unexpected, twisted act 3 turn.
What had looked like a meandering, anecdotal story turns out to be a carefully constructed narrative machine, one that dispenses a brilliantly nasty series of surprises.
I disliked it at first-the camera is as jittery as the characters-and kept disliking it until I realized that I'd been drawn in, if not exactly captivated.
A complete mess.
With the help of the confident work of the ensemble cast, Nasty Baby makes its transition from the happy world of the hipster-dominated, organic, artistic streets of Brooklyn to a dark and grim offshoot with ease...
Wiig and Adebimpe give appealing, naturalistic performances ... but it's not enough to keep the otherwise rambling narrative together.
The film is a compelling addition to Sebastián Silva's cinema of compassionate comeuppance.
It adds further shading to this already multi-dimensional world and should hopefully make audiences question their own reactions as well as their thoughts on class, privilege and ultimately their own personal morality.
Searching for something, anything, to pull the story together, this turns into cheap thriller in the last 15 minutes, and fails at that, too.
It has such a bizarre tonal shift that I found it very hard to accept.
Sebastián Silva's Nasty Baby is an amiably funny traipse through the lives of a group of coddled inner-city hipsters, until suddenly, viciously, it's not.
An inconsistent piece that runs from smug to infuriating.
A deft and perceptive US comedy about parenthood and friendship and the vicissitudes of modern life that culminates in a vicious and sinister final act that you really won't see coming.
Silva exhibits real range as a writer, director, and actor.
Sebastian Silva's a maniac, but he's MY kind of maniac.
There's always a dark strand beneath the surface that Silva seems anxious to explore, but usually he weaves it in better than he does in Nasty Baby.
There aren't a ton of significant moments as it essentially rolls along and follows their journey to find out if Polly can get pregnant.
Even if the turn takes the film off the rails, "Nasty Baby" is a very well-made going off the rails that is a piece of the world that has been created.
A small, at first docile, then provocative story of alternative lifestyles in Brooklyn.
A loosely scripted, raucously nonconformist laffer that looks like it's going one way, only to arrive somewhere else entirely ...

@highlight

Nasty Baby juggles an ambitious array of tones, and not always successfully -- but its talented cast and surprising narrative twists leave a lingering impression.