Hoy d%uFFFDa, (...) una pieza como Edmond no resulta todo lo inquietante que deber%uFFFDa. Eso quiz%uFFFDs sea lo verdaderamente llamativo.
"Edmond" is beyond black comedy, it's a comedy in almost total stygian darkness. A comedy where the laughs make you cough up razor blades.
Edmond is presented as the cold truth, but it's really just the truth of how the masculinist Mamet feels.
David Mamet's genius as a weaver of words and observer of human interaction is put on full display here ....
This is a small film with a big payback, like a series of tableaux that illustrate how a mildmannered Mr Everyman can become viciously untamed.
Is this about the nihilistic plight of the alienated, or just nihilistic? A coal-dark satire, or just needlessly dark? The uncomfortable Edmond asks more questions than it answers.
It plays like a low-cal Falling Down, with all the rage of Michael Douglas's office malcontent but none of his dark humour. Possibly the weakest thing Mamet has ever written.
It didn't work.
Edmond is a slight, self-consciously arty affair that starts off like a gloomy version of Falling Down before petering out with a deeply anti-climatic ending.
The Falling Down-meets-After Hours pitch and plum cast (William H Macy, Rebecca Pidgeon, Bai Ling, Mena Suvari) look tempting, but it's not a stretch to see why it's sat on the shelf for two years.
If it's a relic you're determined to catch at the movies this week, check out Edmond.
The great man lets rip with deafening flatulent macho nonsense in a truly awful movie, one of the very worst US pictures to be released here in years.
This is not an easy watch, but it is awfully honest art.
Macy is on top form and Mamet fans will savour the vicious barbs of repressed male rage but many will find this is a claustrophobic, stagey exercise without the wit and scope of Glengarry Glen Ross.
The director fails to breathe any sort of life into a piece practically carbon-dated by its flailing assaults on political correctness.
Be thankful it's not longer; at 80 minutes, one may still derive some perverse pleasure from the silliness of it all.
Whilst William H. Macy is as rewarding as ever, this has not transferred well from the stage.
Incredulity grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go.
William H. Macey (David Mamet regular) gives a moving performance as a desperate man, but the playwright's text is starchy with semi-academic dialogue, and is not helped by Gordon's direction.
Começando com a promessa de se revelar um novo Um Dia de Fúria ("Uma Noite...", neste caso), o filme jamais alcança a intensidade esperada e se enfraquece ainda mais em seu terceiro ato desajeitadamente satírico. Mas Macy está genial.
None of it rings true for even a NYC second.
Quintessential David Mamet: brainy, playful, engaging.
It's not exactly a "happy" movie, but it sure is a fascinating one.
Every moment of Edmond is extraordinary.
...a powerful film, but not a completely coherent one.
Edmond is a failure as a story, but it's such a provocative and involving failure that it's worth a peek or two.
An intriguing, disquieting, but ultimately overdrawn nightmare.
Gordon's direction here lacks any subtlety, as does this bitter material.
Gordon can't quite get a handle on this odd material, and fails to moderate Macy's performance.
Even William H. Macy's raw, spare performance cannot save Edmond from distastefulness almost beyond imagination.
...Gordon brings this hellish and funny look at one man's freefall into his basest instincts just the right touch of reality viewed through fun house mirrors.
The last handful of scenes, featuring Bokeem Woodbine as an acquaintance of Edmond's, are worth the price of a ticket.
A consistently stimulating viewing experience.
It's a wordy script and, in its own profane way, a beautiful one, but it's the words that aren't said that are the most crucial.
As with most Mamet scripts, this includes multiple monologues, and the cast delivers them with fervor. But the delivery can't conceal that these diatribes are directed at topics that no longer are pertinent.
A sex- and violence-filled romp that sprays David Mamet's staccato dialogue like rubber bullets over the audience.
When the filmmakers gave the script to all the studios around town and told them that they had Macy and Mamet and they all said, 'Great! We'll read it this weekend.' Maybe there was a reason why they never heard from them again.
While all involved deserve credit for getting even limited financing to film such an off-putting work, they've mainly just proven that some things are better left on the stage.
Mamet's script may not be entirely convincing as either satire or social commentary, but in Macy's hands, poor, pathetic Edmond's story finds its shocking, darkly funny resonance.
Go, by all means, but be prepared to take a beating.
Under Gordon's eye, Macy draws pity for a character who feels nothing beyond his own suffering.
Makes little sense as a character study, and borders on nonsense as a screed on race in America.
The most effective Mamet play adaptation I've seen since James Foley's blistering 1992 Glengarry Glen Ross.
... the new film adaptation works as a tough, flavorful dark night of the soul, as a middle-aged drone finally has his moment of clarity, which looks a lot like madness.
Edmond posits that the fury of a sexist, racist psychopath lies just beneath the surface of even the mildest man. In other words, we're in David Mamet World.
Despite agreeably short running time and committed perfs, Edmond is rendered inert by its stagy atmosphere and failure to fully mine the depths of its protagonist's complex psyche.
After a while, I simply couldn't empathize with Edmond and all his pain and suffering, and certainly not with all his exposed bigotries and delusions.
Mamet's relentless attempts to provoke viewers seem pretty childish today.
Depressing, disgusting, and dated, Edmond is worth braving to experience America's best-known serious playwright at his most gruesomely undiluted.
There is no actor more at ease with battered nerves than William H. Macy.
As there's always at least one obscure independent in the annual Oscar race, the whole thing might as well begin here.
A thriller that's dated, pointless and sludgy slow (even clocking in at 76 minutes).
Edmond is too self-absorbed for us to care much about his fate, but like the proverbial train wreck, you can't tear your eyes -- or your ears -- away from the spectacle.
It plays like a hodgepodge of barely connected short films that all happen to star the same actor.
It may be too bleak for most, and as befits a movie based on a one-act play (written by Mamet in 1982), it can be speechy.
Mamet's paranoid rant...is as bilious as ever, but time has overtaken and defanged it.
William H. Macy, Joe Mantegna and a number of other true pros manage to keep straight faces all the way through this woozy, self-important stew of lurid nonsense.
By design, nasty, brutish, and short...functions as drama because shock crosses through sensationalism to a kind of purity in the character study of a man in desperate need of repair.
a fussy little movie that wants to be much more controversial and important than it is.
Edmond plays like Eyes Wide Shut meets Falling Down with a dash of Fight Club, although Mamet's original play debuted way back in 1982 before any of those films existed
In this screen adaptation of David Mamet's play, William H. Macy is perfectly cast as a prim Manhattan businessman who heeds his inner demons and plummets into free fall.
Despite the best efforts of all concerned, what seemed explosive and provocative two decades ago now comes across as schematic and artificial.
There is no question about the inspired tragedy and incinerating fury of Mr. Macy's bravura center-ring performance.
A compact one act play ill translates into a hurried almost thirty-location shoot, a logistically plagued one at that.
Edmond is all sizzle and little meat, a veritable tangent act dropped from Glengarry Glen Ross because it was several marks too silly.
What a fight you'll have at dinner after seeing Edmond. And best of all, I think you might be surprised by who takes which side in the fight.
Like Paul Haggis's Crash, the characters speak their minds so fully (or lie about their feelings so transparently) that the stuff which should be bubbling under the surface is constantly rising in fiery tirades.
Fails to offer any insight into its main character's motivations.
The title character, played with bravura by William H. Macy, leads us down the path to hell in an absorbing but ultimately sophomoric drama.
Edmond is for hard-core David Mamet fans only.
works well enough, until we come to the last 20 or so minutes of the thing


@highlight

Despite an electrifying performance by William H. Macy, David Mamet's one-act morality play translates poorly into a film that is overburdened by dialogue.