It is attractively shot, thoughtfully edited, provocatively argued, and might just have you turning its issues over in your mind late into the night - or is that just the effect of so much coffee?
While the film is quick to posit fair trade as a solution, it fails to answer why, even with Meskela's admirable initiatives, his coffee farmers still struggle to buy shoes.
If you don't buy Fair Trade coffee after this you never will.
A worthy look at an exploitation that really shouldn't exist in this day and age, Black Gold will hopefully shock audiences into looking for the Fairtrade symbol next time they're in the supermarket.
True, fair trade coffee is not the newest story around, but Black Gold still makes for arresting viewing.
Contrast that with shots of the grower's malnourished children relying on emergency foreign aid and it's enough to make your blood boil - never mind the coffee.
Intimate interviews with starving farmers selling beans for 24p a kilo while we pay 2 a cup will make you appreciate the importance of fair-trade when ordering your next double-shot, skinny latte.
While it may prompt some to think again next time they're in Starbucks, this astute insight into the coffee business is better at lauding the good guys than taking the multinationals to task for the iniquities of the global economy.
The Francis brothers maintain a lively pace and a satirical mood.
An important and timely film that may make you think twice before downing your next cup of joe.
Whether due to resources or time or just plain laziness, directors Marc and Nick Francis have fashioned a rather shapeless movie that raises many good points but fails to fully investigate its findings.
If that $2 cup of Starbucks didn't jolt you awake, this documentary by Marc and Nick Francis might do the trick.
Black Gold moves at an inexorable pace, painstakingly building a case until suddenly it looms very large and casts an even longer shadow.
... there is an additional irony to the title: The raw beans are not themselves black, but the growers are.
Black Gold raises issues in an engaging way without preaching or becoming a lesson in economics. At the end of it all you will certainly be looking for those Fair Trade stickers.
The film's effectiveness is bolstered by juxtaposed scenes of fat and happy Americans and Europeans slurping up frozen chai lattes and clucking about how big Starbuck's is getting with scenes of children going into 'therapeutic feeding centers'.
Warm relaxing pace becomes languishing, most of the beans have been spilt by the halfway mark. Still, it's definitely educational, an effective call to action.
The premise powerfully postulated here is that not only Ethiopians, but millions and millions of other Africans are suffering due to the paltry prices paid by big business for natural resources which most people from developed countries take for granted.
Punctuated by long shots of foggy mountainsides as well as very close shots of glistening green coffee beans on the tree, the film makes its argument with the help of an evocative score by Andreas Kapsalis.
Economic repression by competitive market forces is a systemic injustice in this corner of the marketplace.
... a by turns poetic and hard-hitting critique of the global coffee industry ...
The lesson is clear: The system is broken and needs repair, and educating consumers is part of the solution.
A beautifully made film that takes time to observe the beauties (and horrors) of its world.
A hard-hitting documentary in support of Fair Trade focusing on the tireless efforts of a manager of a coffee grower's cooperative in Ethiopia to get members more money for their labors.
More dynamism and knowledge in the telling and fewer cheap shots at young Starbucks workers in Seattle wouldn't have gone amiss.
This is a documentary that gets a lot across while avoiding cliches and easy exploitation, even in famine-ravaged places where more horrific images must have abounded.
"Black Gold" also finds cause for optimism in its connections, showing how if Western coffee drinkers make the right choices at their end, they can positively affect the African growers at the other.
Guaranteed to make you think twice about what you're paying for what you're drinking.
Although some scenes register with strong impact, there also seems to be a lot of padding, and the overall narrative is ultimately too diffused and unfocused for the film to have the sociological impact it so obviously desires.
Black Gold is more an Al Gore-style message of hope than a total downer.
The film serves as a valuable explanation of the ways in which the cultivation and exportation of a particular crop can affect the welfare of fragile countries.
A mesmerizing documentary illuminating the human element in one corner of modern global trade.
A dry but enlightening documentary.
Meskela's is a story worth tackling again -- but without the over-caffeinated approach.
It almost makes you want to be forced to spend six bucks for a latte.
Compared to a documentary like Darwin's Nightmare, which found disturbing visual analogues for the moral rot of global trade, Black Gold makes most of its points in words, not pictures.
The film raises issues that were mere sound bites during the 2005 G8 Summit. All that's missing is Bono's seal of approval.
There are shocking facts and supportive images, but the film lacks investigative spirit.
A beautifully made, provocative and very righteous documentary.
The documentary Black Gold tells an unresolved modern version of the age-old David and Goliath story.
No mere Western-guilt-inducing harangue, this highly informative documentary by British brothers Marc and Nick Francis is a model of patient storytelling.
...gorgeously-shot, melancholy.
This cleverly crafted film -- the mix of exotic locations and music is entertaining in its own right -- starts backwards by following high-quality Ethiopian beans back to where they are grown and sold for far less than they are worth.
A film to think about every time you order a Triple Grande Soy Latte.
As coffee drinkers know, not all beans are equal, but the meaning of inequality gets an entirely different spin in Marc and Nick Francis' handsome and astute doc, Black Gold.
Nowhere near as probing as it could or should be. Valuable points are blunted by too many talking heads.
There is obviously a serious imbalance here and even if the filmmakers don't get the complete picture, they at least make a case for the farmers themselves.
Black Gold, a compelling documentary about the international coffee industry, might discourage you from ever drinking a cup of joe again. At the very least, it'll make you think deeply about what's going into that cup.



@highlight

Black Gold is an eye-opening account of the winners and losers in the global coffee trade.