Although Hanks' hand is quite noticeable in the powerful cast, as in the pleasing plot, the story is too simple to make this film transcend beyond providing a few hours of wholesome fun... [Full review in Spanish]
There's no deep message. No complex characters. No moments of high drama, no inspired speeches. But the pictures are pretty, the story is sweet and it's told by a top-notch team of Hollywood pros. It's not great; but it sure is likable.
Larry Crowne could be subtitled, "My Big Fat Mid-Life Crisis."
Tom Hanks's company Playtone appears to be dedicated to making movies where a Beach-Boys-y soundtrack and 1950s Boy Scout values still inform everything. Not necessarily a bad thing -- just cloying.
But with such timely material and a stellar cast, it comes off mostly as a missed opportunity.
Bereft of conflict, the film coasts along in second gear on breezy charm, gentle humanism and star wattage.
Hanks' dorky routine - right on through to the ridiculous ELO-soundtracked end credits as he and Roberts drives around on a scooter in front of a green screen - is thankfully not as draining as one may assume.
A likeable and light-hearted comedy that doesn't attempt to be anything more.
Larry Crowne is nothing we haven't seen before and at times feels over-done and cliched.
Extremely modest, featherweight. But watchable.
Could have been a solid, straightforward rom com coasting on likable leads; half-hearted additions trying to link the movie to economic crisis just detract.
... lacks any sense of gravity. Hanks has too much moxie to let little things like unemployment and an underwater mortgage get him down...
Only hints at the comedy and poignancy that its two powerhouse leads could deliver if given better material.
An exceedingly minor entry on already impressive resumés.
Even Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts can't sell this lightweight rom-com fantasy.
Tasty around the edges but disappointing in the center, Larry Crowne will meet the summer rom-com needs of many, but will not serve as a memorable addition to Hanks' legacy.
Low-key charmer saved by star power
It felt like I was being smothered with "feel good" moments. Everything about the story and its characters is too far detached from reality.
full of a counter-intuitive sunny optimism that is at odds with the tale itself
Larry Crowne, Hanks' second effort behind the camera, makes It's a Wonderful Life look like Enter the Void. It's a cute movie that never meant to hurt no one, and that's the best thing I can say about it.
I can't begin to tell you how bland this movie is.
To pluck romantic comedy from the jaws of a social crisis is a laudable project, worthy of Preston Sturges, and it's a pity that this featherlight drama-written by Tom Hanks and Nia Vardalos, and directed by Hanks himself-should falter in its task.
There are some endearing scenes and some fun moments, but the screenplay doesn't feel developed; we are never really engaged
An immensely likeable film, this uplifting rom com about turning life around has a whole lot of things going for it
As well-meaning as it is, (it) is a two-dimensional bit of fluff, an untidy string of cutesy scenes and cutesy characters -- few of them as cute as they are intended to be.
With little to distract us from its half-hearted plotting and flimsy characterizations, Larry Crowne quickly turns into an abject failure, propped up only by its fading stars' fading charisma.
...it's an old-fashioned star vehicle, fashioned for the particular screen personas of Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts by Hanks himself, who directed the film and wrote the screenplay with Nia Vardalos. You may recall that he produced her breakthrough film...
The problem is the movie only waltzes in the real world while it tangos and rumbas in the realm of the fantastic and superficial.
An ode to the common man.
Hanks and Roberts make this sketchy project better than it deserves to be.
Larry Crowne is more than a missed opportunity. It's alarmingly, depressingly out of touch.
While the film isn't exactly groundbreaking, it does finish much better than it begins.
It sets out to be a pleasant, sweet-natured entertainment that tries to avoid cynicism (perhaps a little too hard). On that basis, it succeeds well enough.
Even if you wander into this congealed mess with nothing more demanding in mind than to spend a little time with two charming favorites, do not expect Forrest Gump or Pretty Woman.
A lighter-than-air trifle...
"Larry Crowne" could have easily starred Spencer Tracy and be showing on TCM this very instant.
in its pleasantly low-key way, this is as inconsequential and instantly forgettable a movie as a bombastic blockbuster like Transformers: Dark of the Moon.
"Larry Crowne" is made precisely for people like Larry Crowne.
Tom Hanks confuses 'likeable and nice' with 'boring and pointless.'
Definitely for mature audiences as there were no car chases or explosions. Hanks and Roberts still have chemistry together, and there is always that fantastic Roberts laugh.
Neither fish nor fowl, Larry Crowne skitters between pathos and shtick, wasting abundant acting talent as it goes.
High camp.
Larry Crowne is neither dinner nor dessert, but rather the tasty and ultimately inconsequential appetizer you enjoy before moving on to the more substantive fare.
When it comes to unemployment-themed cinema, I'll take the greater realism of last year's The Company Men or this year's Everything Must Go over Hanks's too rosy vision of life after the pink slip.
Larry Crowne will probably appeal mostly to baby boomers desperately searching for something other than big blow-up movies (Transformers 4) or yet another 3D disaster.
What a pleasant, easy-going experience that was.
The film is sometimes gentle to the point of blandness, but it's never flimsy.
Hanks and Roberts clearly seem up for a work-out, but this dull rom-com holds any potential chemistry at the mercy of poor jokes, a meandering plot and unlikeable supporting characters.
An excruciatingly contrived, bland and asinine romantic comedy that lacks both romance and comedy. You'd be more entertained watching paint dry.
It wants to be a subtle, inspirational message to those undergoing tough times. Even his name - half schmucky, half regal-ish - shows that second chances really happen! (Just ask Lonnie Millionbucks and Jerry Diamonde). The upshot? Meh.
To me, the highlight of 'Larry Crowne' is the way Larry (Tom Hanks), Mercedes (Julia Roberts), and the community college students impact each other's lives.
Works only because of the likability of Hanks and Roberts.
Misses every target by a country mile.
A crashing bore.
Larry Crowne has the air of a project locked in a drawer since 1993. They should have thrown away the key.
The film pretends Tom and Julia are just two regular, down-to-earth, middle-aged people - even though their faces couldn't be any tighter if they pulled washing-up gloves over their heads.
Sweet, squeezable, happily out of touch with the world as we know it ... Won't burn up the box office, but will do well enough as a word-of-mouth attraction on the VOD circuit.
Larry decides to go back to school, only it was a helluva lot more fun when Rodney's Dangerfield's Thornton Melon chose this route 25 years ago.
Proving Tom Hanks is still Acting King, the character-driven Larry Crowne should make a splash with the date crowd.
It's about as close to real comedy as a cup of milky tea is to a real meal.
...Hanks' and Vardalos' treatment of a middle-aged Joe heading back to the classroom is about as believable as Rodney Dangerfield's Back to School - and not half as entertaining.
An endless slog of flat platitudes, generic cliches, and clumsily on-the-nose saccharine sweetness that feels about as sincere as a Hallmark card.
At least Vardalos didn't put herself on Larry's ride. It's enough that the fuel in the tank is low test at scooter speed.
Neither the relationship of the two leads, nor any encounter between any of the film's other humans, seems to proceed according to the emotional or sociological customs of our culture.
We like Larry and we feel for his plight, but all of it seems too neatly tied up with a pretty pink bow.
Hanks and Roberts have very good chemistry here. Add the fact that Julia is an accomplished comedienne, quite likeable in this role, and you have ingredients for a decent, let's call it "amiable", movie experience.
Larry Crowne doesn't come close to providing the rom-com satisfactions of films attached to the names Hanks and Roberts, or writer Nia Vardalos for that matter.
This is film as comfort food, and even if it has very little nutritional value, its pleasantly bland texture will help keep you occupied until your next job interview or layoff notice.
I realize Hanks, who also directed, wanted to make an upbeat, positive character study about rebounding in the face of unemployment and hardship. But did a story so hopeful also have to be so harmless? When did the everyman become the generic man?
Next semester, the stars should drop Speech 217 and enroll in Chemistry 101 -- they dearly need some.
Thankfully, two powerhouse actors add a little extra somethin' to elevate that sticky sweet oatmeal we call a romantic comedy to a satisfying meal.
If you like, you can think of Larry Crowne as the anti-Transformers. It's the opposite of an Event Movie for the summer season; instead, it's an old-fashioned star vehicle, fashioned for the particular screen personas of Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts by...
An unreal sense of happiness permeates the film. Positives shimmer beneath the surface of plot parts that ought to be a bit more negative. None of the smiles seem real.
It's enough that these two castaways are friends, but I guess friendship doesn't cut it when you're trying to create a star-driven hit. It should, though. Better a believable friendship than an unbelievable love affair.
pat and condescending
Hanks and Roberts co-star in well-meaning but treacly drama.
Hanks sabotages his and Roberts careers with this lazy, stupid disaster.
It's a movie about starting over when you're past your prime, a message that must also be an analogy for its aging stars. But it only proves that some stars should just bow out when they have nothing else going for them.
At best, Larry Crowne is laughably inept and anachronistic. At worst, it's propaganda.
Larry Crowne makes losing your job, your car and your house look like the greatest thing to happen to a middle aged man.
Mild comedy rules 'Crowne'
Corny beyond belief, but a welcome relief from a summer filled with CGI, 3-D and sequels. The two leads are enormously charming.
Sometimes finding good-natured light laughs in the pain we all are experiencing breaks the tension. And "Larry Crowne" fits that bill pretty well.
Has the consistency of an individually wrapped slice of Velveeta.
Both Hanks and Vardalos tend toward slack, low-conflict storytelling, and the convergence of their sensibilities is an almost somnolent series of anecdotes in search of a story.
"Larry Crowne" is an adult story about starting over and finding love. Inspiring the audience to never give up, whether it is for an education or finding that one true love.
It's got some lively moments, but mostly just sits there on screen. The film's lack of ambition is troubling
While one can appreciate the film's rousing endorsement of our community college system, it's about as realistic as an episode of the TV sitcom "Community."
The feel-good movie of the era of 9 percent unemployment...
The screenplay misses a good few tricks and the direction frequently renders scenes too long, taking positively ages to wrap things up.
It feels like you have spent an hour and a half watching puppy dogs and rainbows.
In a season of cartoons and superhero movies, Larry Crowne is the equivalent of a comfortable pair of slippers.
This charmer about late middle-aged renaissance is pertinent for these times and a perfect summer comedy for grown-ups looking to escape robots and superheroes.
The supporting cast provides a few laughs and it's easy to watch. But it's the kind of film that's more suited to late night viewing on HBO.
You can tell they like each other as movie-star-buddies, they're relaxed, unshowy and inviting, but there's not one moment where you get the idea that naked sex activities are on anyone's agenda.
This is a sweet movie. It's so sweet, in fact, that it made me realize how cynical I've gotten over time.
There's nothing in Larry Crowne that Dan Harmon's Community doesn't do faster, funnier and with far more intelligence every Thursday night.
As much as you might want to like it, the lack of gumption makes it difficult to go all the way.
The writers not only tackle love lost and found but also some timely topics such as unemployment and the prospect of foreclosure due to underwater mortgages. But they barely skim them, and they come up light on laughs, too.
I can't say that I disliked the pic, but I was frustrated by it and just kept wishing for it to gel into something more than sitcom fluff (Full Content Parental Review also available)
Larry Crowne is an uplifting cinematic trifle garnished with an unwavering belief that it's never too late to embrace life.
Larry Crowne is an amiable piece of fluff, but as a recession drama it lacks the bite of The Company Men, being too timid to criticise the forces that led to Larry's circumstances.
Words like "gentle" and "sweet" were undoubtedly tossed around by the folks who made "Larry Crowne." I wonder if they ever got around to "boring?"
You wonder who thought any of this was funny.
The real reason to watch this modestly charming, featherweight bauble is the chemistry between Hanks and Roberts, beloved superstars who make a beautiful pair.
As romantic comedies go, "Larry Crowne" is neither swooningly romantic nor howlingly funny.
If you're looking for a movie you can take your parents or young children to without fear of embarrassment or the need for endless explanations, this is the one.
Carries about as much dramatic weight as a baby eating a Jaffa Cake.
Hanks's character gets a head-to-toe fashion makeover from sassy fellow student Talia (British actress Gugu Mbatha-Raw). Afterwards, he's still affable, easygoing and just a little bland - and so is the movie.
How could a man so adept at comedy, and so savvy in general, be responsible for such a flavorless pile of glop?
The relationship between the two stars doesn't grow; it just seems to happen because it was written into the script. It feels contrived as if it was something that moviegoers would expect because the film stars Hanks and Roberts.
[Tom] Hanks and his co-writer Nia Vardaloshave taken a promising premise and forced it into the confines of a generic romantic comedy template.
it really is a nice and cheerful film that comes as a welcome respite to most of the other multiplex behemoths and a good portion of the reason why it works is because of its innate sincerity and pleasantness.
This infectiously entertaining summer movie makes you feel good. It provides hope that a fresh start is possible regardless of age. Hanks has oodles of charm, and he and Roberts have great chemistry. The real find in the acting arena is...
Maybe this chick flick is sweet, but it's also slow, silly, and phony.
Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts can't save this comedy from its own blandness
Despite the charismatic central performances, Larry Crowne might be too happy-go-lucky for its own good.
...a breezy, consistently engaging piece of work.
Ringing true fairly consistently and lingering afterwards even in its lightness, the film doesn't have to try to please. It just does.
... engaging, constantly warm and funny, and very direct in its ambitions.
A pleasant slice of summer counter-programming that will delight adult moviegoers who complain that Hollywood doesn't make films for them anymore.
A comedy that is simultaneously too broad and luke-warm.
It ranges from try-hard indie-movie to pointless prat-falls. A waste of talent and your time.
Hanks directs with assurance. Perhaps if he had teamed with a more agile writer, less given to cheesy yuck-fests, Larry Crowne would be the nuanced adult love story it aims to be.
Feel good and forget about it, that seems to be the goal of Larry Crowne, and it's something this Tom Hanks directed film accomplishes with flourish.
...there is a wholesome, even naïve (by today's standards) outlook at work that really comes off as refreshing.
Hanks, as a writer-director, is talking about real things, even if he isn't depicting them with complete honesty.
"Larry Crowne" is such a perfectly pleasant movie that it may not be until you walk toward the exit that you realize that something is missing.
Uneven in tone and pacing, Larry suffers from an identity crisis, unsure whether it's a wacky, back-to-school comedy or a bittersweet portrait of two lost souls at the crossroads.
A feeble feel-good fable that you're likely to leave with a very different feeling than the intended one.
Defiantly optimistic, but phony.
It's the neediest movie of 2011, and one of the phoniest.
The least watchable movie ever to star Tom Hanks...
"Larry Crowne" is an inside-out movie, acceptable around the edges but hollow and shockingly unconvincing at its core.
This toothless romantic comedy is sweet and it has its moments, but its demands on suspension of disbelief eventually crush it.
For Tom Hanks fans, and everyone else, this is one to miss.
It's so square, so sunny, that it feels blissfully out of step. Think of it as comfort food for these troubling times.
Tom Hanks is killing time in "Larry Crowne," an adult romance that is heartwarming, uplifting and monumentally dull.
The movie has just enough funny lines and amusing casting choices to make it all go down pleasantly, and Hanks' sweetly brash charisma could fill an entire multiplex of movies and then some.
A rom-com fairy tale so tepid and well behaved that watching it feels like being stuck in traffic as giddy joy-riders in the opposite lane break the speed limit.
It put-puts along like a moped in busy traffic, content to amble around but not go anywhere.
Too cute for its own good, Larry Crowne is nonetheless hard to dislike.
"Larry Crowne'' isn't a movie for adults. It's a movie for adults who don't like things with screens and keyboards.
As obvious and predictable as this story might be, it still works - in large part because we care about the human beings inhabiting this motion picture.
Roberts can still dazzle with a smile, and Hanks is the dad/chum/neighbor we all wish we had, but that's not enough on which to build an entire film, not even a small one.
Little of what it says about love or life is of much value, entertainment or otherwise.
Inside this film, a poignant and personal story is struggling to get out. But it's couched in such awkward sentiments that it can't emerge.
There's some cute stuff involving Hanks and some teenagers who tool around campus on scooters, but an utter lack of chemistry between him and Roberts dooms the movie.
Larry Crowne may be the blandest, most white-bread rom-com in the history of the genre, instantly forgettable and more than a little embarrassing for its two superstar leads.
Viewed through the prism of the recession, "Larry Crowne" is a perversely upbeat training film for discarded, obsolete, over-the-hill workers.
In the end, Larry Crowne is watchable and undemanding, but it doesn't leave a lasting impression.
"Uneven, conventional comedy about a suddenly unemployed store manager who turns his life around will find its strongest support from diehard fans of Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts."
Please, shoot me now.
Two screen superstars can't pump any authentic life into this shallow drama.
With Tom Hanks in front of and behind the camera and Julia Roberts his co-star, you'd think "Larry Crowne" would have some A-list Hollywood charm. You're incorrect.
Hanks's direction is unremarkable, and the bluesy soundtrack altogether more gritty than any of the action.
You'd have to be in a really bad mood to be put off by this picture's admittedly kind of unabashed eagerness to please.
With Hanks sharing screenwriting duty with Vardalos, you can almost make a game out of which characters and plot elements were of her invention and which ones he eventually smoothed out into a comedy that once it gets going is hard to stop smiling at.
[I]mpossible not to like... seeing as how it stars two of the most likeable movie stars of late-20th-century vintage... Yet aggressively meh is the best way to describe Larry Crowne...
Close your eyes and listen, and imagine the central roles played by less predictable actors who regularly do indie flicks - say, Paul Giamatti and Patricia Clarkson. The material is here but it's swamped by celebrity.
"Larry Crowne" proves that it's possible to be funny without being crude. But more than that, it's as easygoing as the character for which it's named.
Severely lacking in drama, characters and substance.
Pairing Tom Hanks with Julia Roberts gives rise to great expectations - which are dashed in this schmaltzy, mediocre romantic comedy.
Here's a movie for adults that's warm and enjoyable, but has brains and ambition. Tom Hanks directs with a soft touch but not a soft head. "Larry Crowne" is like fancy French toast - comfort food with a dollop of aspiration.
A painfully squishy centre completely undoes this rom-com, although it's difficult to know what might have made it less goofy.
It's not a terrible film but it's also not amusing, feelgood or moving.
The megawatt pairing of Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts brings precious little sparkle to this romantic comedy.
At this point in their careers, Hanks and Roberts know a lot about how to make movies and how to reach audiences; these are relaxed and professional star performance, long on charm and short on theatrics.
It's as if Hanks and co-writer Nia Vardalos assumed that getting everyone in one place would be enough, and didn't think much further.
Soulless Hollywood product doesn't provide a better textbook example than this Tom Hanks/Julia Roberts vehicle.
"Larry Crowne" has Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts and a good premise and a colorful supporting cast, but what it doesn't have is a reason for existing.
So nice and upbeat and eager to please that other movies might beat it up on the playground.
It's easy enough to accept the romantic-comedy luck of the two finding each another. It's much tougher, and ultimately useless, to buy everything else about this fairy tale of self-reinvention in a stalled economy.
It's got Tom Hanks, it's got Julia Roberts, and ... well, that's pretty much it.
"Larry Crowne" serves as a reminder that you can have two of the most likable, bankable stars on the planet together, but strong writing is crucial to making them shine.
This is a film that can only be watched in utter misery. See it, and share in cinema's degradation.
Not a film for cynics, but a creation of shining optimism...Earnest and utterly charming, handed spark and pace by Hanks. It's a treat to have him directing movies again.
Larry Crowne is a glass-is-half-full kind of movie if there ever was one.
Tom Hanks' second feature as director is an embarrassinly naive romantic comedy, which propagates a simplistically upbeat view of American society as one big happy melting pot.
The humanist opposite to Hollywood's self-congratulatory snark.
It's hard to escape the feeling that this is a essentially a small-scale indie project whose deficiencies are magnified by the presence of its A-list cast.
It's perfectly pleasant big screen comfort food -- meatloaf, potatoes and apple cobbler served as bubbly Tom Petty and ELO tunes waft from the soundtrack.
Enjoy it for what it is - skillfully made, well-acted, a movie that wants to evoke feelings as it makes you think - and not for what others demand it ought to be.
It's the recognizable geniality in Larry Crowne that both carries the film and which makes it deeply frustrating.
Though both lead actors are able to coast for a while on their natural charm, it's evident by the soppy finale that their Sleepless in Seattle and Pretty Woman salad days are long past.
Movie stars may be less valued than they used to be, but it's still puzzling to see Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts stuck in a romantic comedy as flat-footed and tone deaf as Larry Crowne.
A romantic comedy whose obsession with easy laughs undermines the dramatic opportunities in a story about a suddenly jobless man.
With its eager-to-please congeniality, it almost works, but with a pacing that is at once comfortably assured and frustratingly slack, like holding exactly to the speed limit on a stretch of open road, Larry Crowne never quite comes to life.
Wilmer Valderrama and George Takei's reaction shots are the only feeble sources of humor in this dramedy.
A romance featuring older characters shaped by bitter experience is rare, making it all the more frustrating that Hanks opts for juvenile gags about boobs and bums, and the occasional pratfall.
Comes decorated with likeable performances, noble intentions and folksy sentiments.
This is like a well-worn vintage dress: comfortable but a little threadbare.
Hanks fans will revel in their hero's hour in this innocuous tale that's well intentioned for all its mediocre happenings and foreseeable ending.
I suspect it's supposed to be a heart-warming drama. It left my heart lukewarm, and there's precious little drama.
As lightweight as a salad and about as filling, this is amiable but predictable.
This one coasts by on Hanks' immense appeal and charm, but more focus and a touch more sharpness are needed to make it really come alive.




@highlight

Despite the relaxed, easy chemistry of stars Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts, Larry Crowne is surprisingly bland and conventional.