This stab at grand romance fails to satisfy.
Norton's effect and Watts' able portrayal are not enough to move the misogyny of the narrative.
Contents itself with making the Maugham work less prissy.
It's a wallow and I confess to wholeheartedly enjoying the plunge.
Norton, an American, and Australian Watts are so busy struggling with their accents that they never really find their characters' hearts. But it's a solid piece of period escapism.
Concealed passions are revealed as life takes unexpected turns and what initially seems like an act of vengeance becomes the making of the central characters
The Painted Veil has a real pulse. It sweeps you up in the characters' journey from the beginning, and keeps you riveted from moment to moment.
...a finely crafted product that can hardly fail to touch one's heart.
click for review
John Curran controls the redemptive spirit of Maugham's book with merciful restraint, and gets excellent performances all round.
Wonderful scenery, great performances and a superb story.
A great pleasure!
Stunning scenery and superior thesping result in a period romance that combines the intimate with the epic.
The problem isn't that it's painful to endure, but that it's a rather easier watch than it should be.
Combine a strong-limbed narrative about marital frustration with a painstaking account of the British imperial presence in 1920s China.
If the cholera doesnâ(TM)t get you, the dialogue will.
An exquisitely drawn character piece.
Overall this is a satisfyingly slow-burning romance, beautifully scored and acted.
The production values are characteristically sumptuous, William Daniels' photography is lustrous, and Boleslawski directs with suitable flair.
Handsomely crafted, with meticulous performances, yet it plays out drily and in monotone.
Unlike any love story I've seen before.
The Painted Veil is the type of old-fashioned period drama with rich, well defined characters that usually can't find backing in today's Hollywood.
Director John Curran ("We Don't Live Here Anymore") captures the profound beauty of China's lush countryside where his characters discover the true nature of their relationship.
John Curran has been inspired, in an epic way, to capture the extremes of romantic feeling in his adaptation.
A '20s period piece about tainted love set against a cholera epidemic in a remote Chinese village may sound about as romantic as Valentine's Day at T.G.I. Fridays spent over mozzarella sticks and separate checks, but we promise the pay-off is much better.
...a stuffed and mounted story of tortured romance that seems long out of date.
An easy movie to admire but a difficult one to embrace.
A movie for sophisticated adults...a sensitively nuanced story (with) exceptional performances by Norton and the gorgeous Watts with captivating cinematography and locale.
Watts and Norton are extraordinary actors, and in fine form here, but they never click together...
The film treats the conventions of 1925 with respect, without condescension or superiority (and, blessedly, without post-modern smugness).
An intelligently crafted movie of dull tastefulness that brings nothing to the story that wasn't more artfully evoked in the novel.
Why, ultimately, leave 1920s England to see a tragic romance between two Brits? Part this veil, and the atmosphere dissolves into a smokescreen, the backdrop revealed as a chasm between cultures.
Veil blends politics and romance only a bit less clumsily than The White Countess, another movie about pre-war China that came to grief.
Feels like a Masterpiece Theatre production -- solid enough, but at the same time oddly generic.
For filmgoers who long for the days when adventurous filmmakers such as David Lean placed fascinating, flawed characters in sweeping, historic settings, The Painted Veil is a most welcome motion picture.
Both sumptuous and satisfying.
The characters are extraordinarily well-drawn, and Watts and Norton both do fine, subtle work.
This tale of strangers in a strange land has been fashioned as a poignant love story, with its buried passions forcefully breaking the surface as the film rounds the bend toward its satisfying conclusion.
The marital problems played out by Naomi Watts and Edward Norton are of trivial concern when set within a cholera epidemic in China.
The always surprising Watts creates a woman at once contemporary and retro. And Norton, as a producer as well as star, concedes enough space for Schreiber and the effortlessly fascinating Jones to earn their own spotlights.
Sweeping vistas, period-piece sets, impeccable literary source, a little stolid at times, but ultimately quite impressive.
The movie makes for a good old-fashioned wide-screen wallow.
Superb performances and elegant production values make it profoundly involving.
The Painted Veil uses its narrative limits to make its political case, that privilege breeds ignorance.
This adaptation of the W. Somerset Maugham novel contains more anger and sexuality -- altogether more passion -- than other beautifully appointed period films of its class.
Many story elements are predictable, and they rely on superior acting to make up for other shortcomings.
Exquisitely filmed and finely acted.
A case of filmmakers being too enamored of classic source material to pump enough blood to bring a film version to life.
Performances are superbly textured...
Neither Walter nor Kitty is a saint, and neither becomes one. But we see a love of virtue take root in this relationship as Kitty stumbles toward a kind of redemption.
Redemption comes far too late in The Painted Veil, an aloof and disappointing adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's 1920s novel that features one of the more unlikable, self-involved main characters in recent memory.
The movie is not grim, even as it endangers a wise nun and her gaggle of orphans in its most unfortunate melodramatic moments. Rather, it suggests the possibility of mutual healing, of people working together in love.
A lovely trifle not unlike other well-done bits of instantly-forgotten prestige.
One of the year end's best films - great story, superb acting and beautiful to look at.
Slow and sublime.
A rich and resounding picture of love lost and regained ... 2006's most romantic movie.
Sturdy adult fare that works lush period locations and the subtle gifts of its talented actors to its advantage.
Norton and Watts know exactly how to communicate all their characters' unspoken desires, fears and frustrations. ...an absorbing study of love in all its colors, from passion to rage and from heartache to ecstacy.
Provocative and highly emotional. Watts and Norton are sensational.
Theirs may be a relationship built upon all of the wrong building blocks, and the things they do to one another might be at times far too horrible, but in the end these travails make them better people.
Finds just the right balance between the familiar and the surprising to become one of the season's best entertainments.
Watts' quietly intense performance is the best thing about Veil.
The combination of a good story, fine acting and location shooting make this worth seeing.
The acting is quite splendid, especially in the vicinity of the quite splendid Watts.
The Painted Veil recalls an earlier era of film direction, when movies moved rather than manipulated and craft superseded special effects.
A thoughtful and beautifully mounted story for grown-ups, The Painted Veil brings the quiet pleasures of a fine novel, showing us that the world's complicated geography is no match for the terrain of the human heart.
The film comes together as a quirky but touching love story and a screen-filling spectacle that's balanced with both the hard-edge and exotic spiritual dimension W. Somerset Maugham would have admired.
The Painted Veil does what a romantic drama needs to do. It testifies to love as the great educator.
The Painted Veil doesn't have quite the gripping pressure that Maugham built in his prose with such sober, masterly confidence, but it is strong work, honestly done.
The Painted Veil is rich with history and heartbreak. It's stirring stuff.
The story is told with integrity, and its sense of 1920s colonial China makes for an absorbing, cultural-political backdrop.
A handsome but suffocating adaptation of a W. Somerset Maugham novel.
There's something missing at the heart of the film, some spark, and it may be nothing more than a lack of chemistry between Norton and Watts.
Its strength lies in its patience -- and its slow, melting sorrow that hints at atonement.
The Painted Veil never really transcends a predictable, historical model of sacrifice and personal growth, and there's not enough of the latter.
The film manages to be a lush period piece, a love story, an examination of culture clash and a slow revelation of character emerging from stunted emotion.
This version has that element the previous films lacked: a true understanding of Maugham's belief that true love and purpose are inseparable.
The filmmakers are mindful of the challenges inherent in filming Maugham's novel. But The Painted Veil never fully finesses the novel's 1920s attitudes toward its ethnic others.
Solid as this Painted Veil is, there's also a predictability to its Puritanism. To succumb to it, you have to really be in the mood to watch a good man teach a foolish woman a lesson.
[Director] Curran has crafted a film that accomplishes so much. It not only draws us into this personal drama between his two principal actors, but also sets it all against a vibrant background of an ancient civilization struggling to become modern.
Norton and Schreiber seem too American to be English colonials, but Watts navigates a challenging transformation (in a role first played by Greta Garbo in 1934), and there are sturdy performances by Anthony Wong, Toby Jones, and Diana Rigg.
Even amid an atmosphere of human rot, it's too elegant for its own good, a pleasing but pale Merchant-Ivory exercise that reverently strives for a kind of simple redemptive decency that Maugham found less triumphant than this movie does.
Watts and Norton ... emphasize the loaded gestures and veiled asides that govern relationships in real life, as opposed to the melodramatic tirades that dominate the movies.
The Painted Veil is like one of those typical Oscar bait type of films that haven't been Oscar bait in about 10 years.
All this comes from a novel by Somerset Maugham, although the movie leaves out most of the complexities of the book to focus on the single-minded venom of the marriage.
It's a grim, demanding movie, but the acting is marvelous and the scenery breathtaking. If you're looking for a film to match the post-holiday blues, here it is. And it's very good.
Stunning locations, a story with strong emotional, physical and spiritual conflicts, and a first-rate cast.
There is not an actor in The Painted Veil who is anything less than supremely talented. But despite having a razor-sharp script from which to work, [director John] Curran can't quite get a single character to come fully alive.
A delicate work of smothered passion that taps into the agony of a loveless marriage.
The film's visual splendor is about more than scenery as Dryburgh attains first character definition, then emotional wallop with...closeups of Walter's bare foot.
The Painted Veil may begin too slowly, but it also ends too soon.
The Painted Veil lifts Maugham's story clear of its prissy, attenuated spirituality, and into genuine passion.
The only good reason to watch the first half of The Painted Veil is to prepare for the second half, in which a pair of note-perfect performers are finally given more than one note to play.
The film, alas, never scales their acting heights, plodding along in a staid fashion and tamping down the strong emotions that reside below its surface. This should have been a much more powerful movie.
Like a long-term relationship, The Painted Veil is well-intentioned and not particularly sexy, but understands duties of forgiveness, sacrifice, and commitment.
If you like classy costume dramas filled with British accents, or have to write a paper on Maugham, this might be worth the price of a ticket.
This time director John Curran digs just a little deeper and finds something remarkably human in the material.
It's an actor's love fest, with Naomi Watts, Edward Norton, and Liev Schreiber snatching every last drop of ennui and tight-fisted emotion they can.
Locates deep and subtle truths about the manner in which infidelity and misunderstandings can breed self-disgust in the (more) aggrieved party.
Feels like it's going through the motions, applying period gloss to a story that needs to be more tactile.
The Painted Veil lifts Maugham's story clear of its prissy, attenuated spirituality, and into genuine passion.
Prepare to be magically transported to another world by this alluring, magnificent melodrama that unfolds in pre-revolutionary China.
Maugham ... still translates to the screen perfectly.... Watts, Norton, and Toby Jones are fully convincing.
This is one of those epic love stories that the Movie Chicks adore, but it's also a very good little movie.
A thoroughly grown-up movie that compellingly thinks its way through the toughest matters of the heart.
If The Painted Veil ultimately lacks some of the novelty and ambition of the year's best pictures, it still ranks as one of 2006's quiet gems.
Naomi Watts is far too good for most of her roles, sitting in an ape's paw or watching spectral videotapes. The Painted Veil is a welcome exception.
Despite a fierce lead performance by Naomi Watts, The Painted Veil is a quaintly bloodless, picture-postcard adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's 1925 China-set novel -- more Merchant Ivory than David Lean.
The third and best cinematic adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's 1925 novel, The Painted Veil is a beautifully mounted and incisively acted period piece, bristling with intelligence and caustic wit.
It's lacking all subtlety.
A beautiful and very believable story, set in China in the 1920s, about the personal transformation of a married couple.
In The Painted Veil, terrific actors give glum performances.
Largely Masterpiece Theatre moviemaking, but of a very high order...an elegantly appointed, intelligently played picture that does Maugham's period piece proud.
A major motion picture achievement,a magnificent adaptationthat achieves near perfection on the screen.
Movies don't elicit sighs from me often, but for The Painted Veil I sigh.
Curran, his actors and screenwriter Ron Nyswaner have made an old-fashioned melodramatic epic that, as steeped as it is in the language and tradition of old movies, is never less than thrummingly alive.
Norton and Watts are top-notch, as are Schreiber and Toby Jones.
A pet project of Watts and Norton for years, the two actors clearly have great affinity for the story and capture authentic chemistry of young marrieds at odds, who develop respect -- if not necessarily love -- for each other.
[The film] rubs off a few of the barbed edges from W. Somerset Maugham's 1925 novel about love and infidelity in a time of cholera, but no matter: the centerpiece is Naomi Watts' outstanding portrayal of an adulteress redeemed.
It's impeccable, but leaves you cold.
It's really the Norton-Watts show, and they make The Painted Veil resonate with love and regret.
The third film iteration of The Painted Veil turns W. Somerset Maugham's distaff bildungsroman into a fine romance.
A rich character study that showcases another fine performance from Watts.
A soaring, tragic tale of transcendence and forgiveness that resonates long after the credits roll.
The movie achieves a rare balance for an historical fiction: making use of the backdrop without allowing it to overwhelm the characters and their story.
A period piece with an edge, combining lush photography with an engaging script, strong acting and on-screen chemistry between Norton and Watts.
Can a diseased village cure a sterile marriage?
The Painted Veil sets a few fine actors to work with one of W. Somerset Maugham's 1920s tales of Occidentals confronting the Far East and their own tangled emotional lives.
The Painted Veil has the power and intimacy of a timeless love story. By all means, let it sweep you away.
an apt visitation to the curious romances of the old days.
Intelligent scripting, solid thesping and eye-catching location shooting aren't enough to make a compelling modern film of The Painted Veil
There's room for old-fashioned literary cinema, but Curran's third version of Maugham's morality tale (done with Garbo in 1934 and Eleanor Parker in 1957) doesn't illuminate the nuanced journey taken by the ill-matched couple.
The Painted Veil tells a mesmerizing story while honoring all of the classic traditions of superior filmmaking -- a magnificent accomplishment that will haunt you long after it ends.
[The] finest moments are the small, barely perceptible pinpricks of human cruelty...especially those induced by race, gender, and class.
Stands creatively with the best from Merchant/Ivory Productions.
Lack[s] an essential, gripping spark of self-destructiveness and ardor.
The Painted Veil is more or less from the school of motion picture that Pauline Kael used to say "reeks of quality."









@highlight

Visually, The Painted Veil has all the trappings of a stuffy period drama, but Norton's and Watts's deft portrayals of imperfect, complicated characters give the film a modern-day spark.