Style wins out over content in this delectable low-key French thriller by director Denis Dercourt...
This clever thriller certainly knows its Chabrol and its music.
With gentle plotting the intensity builds and builds until it all boils over.
This must be what a French movie-of-the-week look like, deemed art here because of the subtitles.
Sneaky and altogether pleasing, if undeniably derivative.
If only the story could have been as involved and layered as some of the incredible music (or as good as a page-turner book), this would be a must-see.
A tautly crafted but deeply misogynistic and anti-workingclass French psychological thriller.
here the business of revenge is as measured and well-tempered as a piano score, and it will turn out that Melanie's Bach is far worse than any bite.
Deliciously chilling.
In the movies, there's nothing quite as sinister as the antagonist who's willing to wait for her revenge.
Dercourt washes the film in a chillingly remorseless suspense. . . . the story, as taut as a razor-sharp piano string, offers a few sly, subtle sexual knots before the final bloody note is struck.
Director Denis Dercourt proves there are still unexpected twists to be found on the well-traveled road of the revenge mystery.
The serving temperature of revenge has seldom been colder, nor the time of preparation longer, than for this gourmet French plat froid from writer-director Denis Dercourt.
this taut little film is a psychological thriller about revenge. If the Japanese horror adaptation hadn't already used the title THE GRUDGE, that might have served as a more appropriate title for this drama.
There is an undercurrent of tension throughout this riveting tale of revenge, made all the more effective by the subtlety and restraint used by French writer/director Denis Dercourt
It's a small French delicacy, tart, acerbic and cynical, that focuses on three or four characters and yet manages to bring them and their dilemmas to vivid life.
...the chilly atmosphere of carefully plotted revenge is the movie's main drawback as well as its chief appeal.
Though the influence of Chabrol is apparent in Dercourt's film, it's more than a mere encore; it's an inventive composition in its own right.
Has a curiously unsatisfying ending, and there's some material that leaves a somewhat scuzzy patina.
The stakes in this story seem too low to justify its audience's attention. If The Page Turner were a novel, it would hardly be a page turner. Why should we hold films to a lower standard?
Fans of the French suspense master Claude Chabrol will recognize Dercourt as a potential successor.
The Page Turner is a good, though not great, thriller that does not as much surprise as it does satisfy with its outcome.
...a quietly effective thriller right out of the Claude Chabrol catalog.
A film of impeccable style, with every note hit to perfection, but without much soul.
At less than 80 minutes, not counting credits, the French The Page Turner is a brisk, thrillingly nasty little piece of work.
In retrospect it's clear that when the filmmakers had a chance to hammer something they tapped it, instead.
[Director] Dercourt's manipulation of his characters and his imagery can be a little heavy-handed, but there's nary a wrong note in the performances of his exceedingly fine cast.
This film, like Melanie in her fitted suit and straight, blond ponytail, is a taut little affair, clocking in at a no-nonsense 85 minutes. She gets in, gets out, her work is done, much like her long-ago audition.
This premise may sound all right on paper, but on-screen it doesn't really wash.
An impeccably made psychological melodrama. It's a story of destruction, dependence and betrayal set not only in the world of classical music but in the French culture of politeness where form and decorum are everything.
A classical music thriller.
... a terse, effective thriller that maintains a slow boil throughout ...
One of those delectable, upstairs-downstairs affairs worth savoring, and a suspenseful psychological thriller which rates right up there with the best of the genre.
There's little recognition of the difference between simmering suspense and sluggish pacing, a sure kiss of death for a thriller.
What makes The Page Turner effective is that nothing about François' plan seems immediately obvious or predictable.
An elegantly constructed and acted French film about revenge and what is lost in the act of bringing others down.
Dercourt, a professional violist himself, clearly understands the obsessive personality that often lies behind the profession's facade of great musicians who must compete in a field where nothing but perfection will do.
The characters are sophisticated. The subtexts involve class and snobbery and sex. The mood is uncomfortably chill.
Elegant and subtle.
Director and co-writer Denis Dercourt infuses Melanie's calculating seduction of the family with a sense of genuine menace. You will not be bored.
Dercourt's subtle waiting game holds surprises for even the most seasoned fan of revenge thrillers.
Director/co-screenwriter Denis Dercourt...brings a detailed authenticity to this tight, spare psychological melodrama which will have you totally engrossed.
The Page Turner is finally ersatz Chabrol, absent the master's perverse wit, complex psychology, social sensitivities and visual flair.
Drained bourgeois chill is so 2001.
The schematic requirements of the setup, combined with the tight-lipped demeanor of the two lead characters, makes for arid moviegoing. Eighty-five minutes can seem much longer than it really is when you spend the entire time waiting for a shoe to drop.
A fine example of the excellence of French genre film right now: A dark tale of revenge with an inscrutable heart, ice in its veins and an electric undercurrent of eroticism, it also might be the best-photographed picture I've seen so far this year.
The movie saves the full strength of her toxicity for a kicker that's almost gleeful in its sangfroid; Dercourt's parting coup de grâce is like getting shanked with an icicle.
This quiet eighty-five-minute revenge suspenser dances to the essentials of music in cadence, pauses, tension balanced against relaxation.
Quietly suspenseful.
I've seen Claude Chabrol's films, and Denis Dercourt's The Page Turner is no Merci Pour Le Chocolat.
I find myself more responsive to the malignancy in The Page Turner than in all the other recent, all too numerous excursions into the darker side of human nature. Call me inconsistent if you wish, but do see The Page Turner.
A suspenseful French drama with a Hitchcockian flair for manipulation that manages to be simultaneously elegant and shamelessly entertaining.
A taut, Hitchcockian page-turner.
click to read review
A devastating, subtly reticent thriller that matches Hitchcock twist by twist.
Stylish psychological thriller recalls movies of the masters--Hitchcock, Chabrol, De Palma--yet stands on its own merits as satisfying, beautifully directed and acted.
Pleasingly reminiscent of Claude Chabrol's perverse thrillers.
A meticulously controlled piece from which every ounce of fat has been trimmed.
Denis Dercourt's stylish, subtle and highly assured film is a pleasingly suspenseful psychological drama in the style of Hitchcock or early Chabrol.
Subtle and precise, Dercourt's fifth feature boasts beguiling echoes of past vengeance tales by Chabrol and Clouzot.
More than earns its presumptuous double entendre of a title.
A tight little emotional thriller about a music lover who becomes a musician-hater.




@highlight

Reminiscent of Hitchcock and Chabrol, The Page Turner is elegant yet suspenseful, a revenge potboiler of a high degree.