If you're looking for something that's a bit scruffy and off the beaten track, but still full of giant explosions, you'll definitely want to check out Green Hornet.
There are enough genuinely funny, self-aware gags and throwaway lines to keep you entertained.
The whole film feels fairly self indulgent on Seth Rogen's part. It's rather dull and quite a letdown.
Aside from the James Franco cameo, this story is one disappointment after another.
This movie would a helluva lot better with paper mache sets.
I like Seth, you like Seth. We all like Seth. BADLY miscast, here. And so was the director.
A pleasingly average superhero movie whose greatest triumph is avoiding disaster.
This had potential to be something of an action thrill ride, or at least a comedic, campy take on the usual superhero formula, but what we end up with is a directionless, pointless backdrop for blowing things up with some martial arts thrown in for kicks.
A dud, that has a few bright spots.
There are some good ideas here but they're buried under masses of conventional superhero dross and half hearted execution. This is one vigilante who should really just leave all the hard work to the police.
[It] clocks in at a bloated 118 minutes. There is not, I promise you, 118 minutes worth of vital plot, special effects or comic business in this movie.
Hornet fans across generations will enjoy connecting this modern version to its pop-cultural roots stretching back more than seven decades,
A childish film written from a grade school perspective with neither quality nor excitement.
Derivative of several molds and unable to really take command of any of them.
Aside from a brief split-screen sequence and a few deft special-effects, there's almost no sizzle to this goofy take on superheroics.
...an uneven, disastrously overlong piece of work.
Give me loose, idiosyncratic, comic meandering over stone-faced business-as-usual any day. It isn't the movie you're expecting, but it's got its authors' grubby handprints all over it.
For what problems it does have it is a genuinely different take on this kind of material with a firm focus on action, character and humor. No one else should ever attempt to make a superhero movie quite like this, but for The Green Hornet it works.
Seeing this movie in 3-D adds nothing to the experience. The most in-your-face thing about the movie is the crippling insecurity of all the main players, which rendered it painfully difficult to care about them. Waltz is delightful.
Gondry and Rogen walk a fine line between fairly brainless bro-medy and occasionally knowing examination of the superhero genre.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Um longa que não só desaponta pelo roteiro, mas também (e aí o choque é maior) pela direção nada inspirada de seu realizador.
With Jäger, it'd probably be a blast.
Part origin story, part spoof, part bromance -- the movie can't decide. It winks at itself constantly, but only to hide its cluelessness.
Gondry's biggest success is recognising that superheroes can still be funny, and embracing that in every part of this film.
3D, 4D. You can throw double-D's at The Green Hornet, and you'll still end up with C-minus.
This is not the Green Hornet. It's barely an action movie.
Even if you "get" what The Green Hornet is trying to do, it is never terribly enjoyable.
Really inventive.
A facetious industrial product, and the first out-and-out bore of the year.
Rogen has re-created (Britt Reid) as a buffoonish, almost Maxwell Smart-ish hero, with a childlike ego that is one of the more infuriating elements of the film... (but) where the film really works is when Gondry cuts loose.
One of those annoying movies that has enough good stuff in it that it can't be dismissed out-of-hand, but enough deficits that one is hard-pressed to praise it.
For a film with so many potentially hallucinatory avenues, imagination seems to be a worthless currency.
They cast Seth Rogan in the lead role. Big mistake!
His qualifications for the job seem to be: 1. Having a limitless supply of money. 2. Having a side-kick that does all the work.
It almost put me to sleep, and considering just how many explosions, near-escapes, fireballs, rockets and cracked heads it packs into its almost two-hour running time leading this viewer to the edge of narcolepsy is a pretty nifty trick.
Seth Rogen, superhero? It's nearly impossible to wrap the mind around such an outlandish idea, almost on the same level as Sarah Palin as U.S. president or Ricky Gervais as the next recipient of the Golden Globes Lifetime Achievement Award.
Perhaps we should be grateful that The Green Hornet is a perfectly enjoyable Seth Rogen movie... But it's a major missed opportunity when you consider the Michel Gondry spectacle that it came so close to being.
Despite its obvious angling to become a franchise, this Green Hornet offers little that's worth committing to even the "cult flick" chamber of your brain.
Michel Gondry's frivolous, exuberant film is a hard one to embrace.
There is no grand sense of justice or even vengeance driving The Green Hornet; it is just that kicking ass might be fun, and it turns out it is.
A bit shapeless as a story but relies on the charm of Rogen and a few big set pieces to connect the dots.
An admirable yet underwhelming attempt at something a little different.
While The Green Hornet is a passable time killer, cineastes might go into shock that such an unremarkable piece of Hollywood mulch was helmed by French whiz kid Michel Gondry.
Even the direction of Michel Gondry is a wipeout. The Frenchman was a late recruit to the project, but precious few glimpses of his trademark surrealism are detected.
Though there's enough material to fill 119 minutes, I am not persuaded that anything actually happens.
It has more of a sting than you might think.
'Green Hornet' feels like a 20-car pileup of conflicted ideas with a lame plot buried underneath the rubble.
Hornet lacks sting.
I'd hoped for better, but expected worse, which means that Michel Gondry's The Green Hornet is at best -- or at worst -- a mixed bag of a movie.
It has what is expected of this kind of movie, cool visual effects, martial arts action, car chases, explosions, shootouts and lots of James Bond-style gadgets.
It is a patchy film, haltingly paced, but the visual invention is astonishing.
And now here it is, and we see it really was a joke after all. Thing is, it's supposed to be.
The Green Hornet looks and feels as if it were made by a bunch of (highly talented) 10-year-old boys. Taking any pleasure in the film depends on your willingness to let your inner-child run rampant.
The Seth Rogen spin was just what this movie needed. Rogen and Jay Chou are a dynamic duo indeed!
Despite the talent involved, this ends up an underwhelming superhero flick marred by dull action and non-existent chemistry between the cast.
It's hard to shake the sense of well-known figures cashing in on a superhero craze that doesn't quite fit them, and trying to but never fully making it their own.
Equal parts amusing and tedious - but not in any sense the disaster some have called it.
The movie is extremely loud and none too funny.
Chou steals the show, especially when he speeds into action in glorious Kato-Vision.
It remains a rare franchise reboot where the sense of playfulness outweighs that of strained psychological depth or grim commercial obligation.
The Green Hornet doesn't seem worth the outrageous 3-D-glasses surcharge. In all senses, there's little that jumps out at you.
Featuring an eclectic cast and unusual choice of filmmaker, The Green Hornet succeeds as an experiment done right.
There's just enough novelty, action and comedy in the tank to see this film teeter across the finish line, even if it does cough and splutter for much of the journey.
It's not a superhero film; it's an exuberant anti-superhero film that exists with no agenda except to delight.
Fun, full of action, and just serious enough to work without becoming ridiculous.
The un-Rush Hour!
(The) first unapologetic crowd-pleasing, fist-pumping, just-for-fun popcorn flick of 2011.
The Green Hornet may well be Michel Gondry's most elaborate meta-joke on escapist infantilism.
All the buzz in the world is not going to make the latest incarnation of the beloved 75-year-old radio/serial/comic book legend a fond memory for many viewers this month.
"The Green Hornet" is the first exciting family film of 2011!
...loud and violent, if not annoying.
Can a genius and an average Joe pair up and put egos aside to serve mindless adventure? Gondry and Rogen have.
The fight scenes, filmed in what I'll call "Kato-Vision," are top shelf and rival anything you'd find in the "Matrix" world.
A solid opening and a mayhem-laden third act cannot make up for an utter mess of a middle hour or for the utter lack of charisma by Jay Chou as Kato.
This boorishly irreverent superhero sendup is a fiasco, sustained only by its FX.
The Green Hornet attempts to mock its own genre, but it forgets to deliver a compelling characters along the way.
Seth Rogen, Jay Chou, Cameron Diaz and Christoph Waltz try to bring their characters to life in this campy action flick -- but the results end up uneven at best.
Seth Rogen's character should have evolved with humility and authenticity by relinquishing his bogus stranglehold as The Green Hornet and becoming The Guy Who Smokes a Fat Blunt Better Than You But Only Kicks Ass Like Your Great Grandma.
What should have been, could have been. It sure isn't this Green Slacker.
Team the acting and writing of Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg with the artsy-fartsy directing of Michel Gondry and they'd turn Gone with the Wind into a quirky comedy.
This is one occasion where too many cooks in the kitchen actually ended up making some pretty tasty junk food.
I thought only flies liked piles of dung, but hornets must, too. Maybe that's the reason for the evacuated pile titled The Green Hornet.
These are just two people who wanted to do cool stuff and had the money and talent (at least Kato did) to do it. It was nice watching a Comic Book movie where there wasn't much brooding or tales of woe involved.
Has there ever been a time when I wanted the hero to die so badly, as badly as in this film? No.
...rowdy, discordant, subversive and thoroughly modern, exactly what you'd expect when a stoner and a visual genius team up...
Superhero movies often must deal with the problem of villains being more charismatic than heroes. But when your hero is so annoying that you find yourself rooting for anyone who could potentially take him out, it's a real problem for the movie.
An uneven, dull and painfully asinine action comedy that's neither thrilling, funny nor visually stylish enough to deliver pure entertainment. Go rent Kick-Ass instead.
When it works, which is more than half of the time of the time, it's a cheerful little romp that refuses to take itself seriously
Gondry is an incredible visual stylist and he's showing off in a way that fits perfectly with the loose style of the movie.
Depending on where your tolerance level is for Seth Rogen, you may enjoy this movie or you may hate it. Still, it's a fun ride and enjoyable to watch.
The MVP is Jay Chou as Kato, who is as much Britt Reid's superior as the valet Jeeves and the dog Gromit are superior to their alleged 'masters' in the works of P.G. Wodehouse and Nick Park.
Dumb, unfocused movie that is neither comedy nor action-thriller.
Spews noxious gas and obnoxious patter.
There are elements of a sharp hero/sidekick inversion here: Kato is the handsome, brilliant inventor and karate expert; Britt is, well, rich enough to pay the salary of someone like Kato. But the inversion is inevitably incomplete.
The film wavers uncomfortably between parody and homage, between deconstructing the excesses of the genre and simply indulging in them.
At least Seth Rogen has the good sense to wear a mask for much of The Green Hornet. If I'd made this movie, I'd want to hide my face too.
This is an overlong, empty bore that squanders its possibilities.
Absurd yet entertaining
A big, sloppy, loud, grating mess of a movie.
As a journalist, I can't come down too hard on a film's action scenes when they include a half of a car speeding through a newsroom and a shootout in an area where massive spools of newspapers are stored.
A lively but sloppy update for Kato and the Green Hornet.
Here's a 3-D movie that should have been shot in Zero-D.
As a crime-fighting duo, Britt and Kato have the sophistication and finesse of a pair of middle school boys on a joy ride.
Even so-so Hornet forerunners like The Phantom (and certainly downright thrilling one-shots like The Rocketeer) are more entertaining than this cheesy and borderline-boring cream puff of a vigilante.
The Green Hornet is crass, unimaginative, unexciting, and not very funny. I was hoping it would at least be mindless fun but it ends up just being mindless.
An action film that doesn't excite and a comedy you never laugh at.
The big-screen Green Hornet, while hardly classic comic-book filmmaking, ain't half bad.
Superhero "bromance" is funny but overly childish.
If you enjoy watching a lead character that's so annoying and such a jerk that you'd like to punch him in the face yourself, then The Green Hornet is for you.
You'll have an absolute blast watching The Green Hornet, but its constantly goofy demeanor takes some of the sting out of it.
Slick, sly and ever-soslightly subversive, The Green Hornet is an irreverent comedy bound to annoy comic-book purists - usually a good sign - and sure to delight everyone else. Think this year's Kick-Ass.
The Green Hornet smoked crack with Superman and met CraigsList chicks with Wolverine. He's a bad influence and a good time. And he's much more entertaining on screen, too.
Does it work? Yes, if you like Rogen, but if you don't you'll feel that Gondry has fiddled too much with the original by giving his star full rein.
Michel Gondry directs and while there's little of his usual surreal flair there are moments when he puts his mark on the explosive mayhem, giving it the style of a live-action Looney Toons cartoon.
Rogen looks like he's waiting for the real leading man to turn up. And where exactly are the jokes?
The Green Hornet puts the masked avenger at the centre of a flimsy, illogical plot and series of headache-inducing action sequences that strain the eyes in 3D.
Though tonally uneven, Hornet nonetheless works as breezy, irreverent entertainment that makes a virtue of its unlikely elements.
Hornet is a hilarious and action packed film that is one of the most satisfying action-buddy-comedies ever made.
Seth Rogen is the Green Hornet. What else do you need to know?
Once you get to the fiends and fights that make a comic book movie really work, things go stale.
"Green Hornet" works both as an action movie and as a deconstruction of an action movie.
An anemic, 97-pound weakling of the action comedy persuasion, "Hornet" is a boring bromedy that features mumblecore heroics instead of the real thing.
Michel Gondry has crafted an irreverently funny, ultramodern take on the 1930s radio serial, with a vibe so casual you half expect star Seth Rogen to amble off screen and put his feet up on the seat next to you.
There might be a funny movie in a story about a crime fighter who's in it only for the publicity, but "The Green Hornet" isn't it.
Rogen seems to want to convince the world that a big dumb stoner can be successful, because, hey, what the heck, it worked for him, but Britt Reid/The Green Hornet doesn't have that redemption and growth.
Quite a bit less than the sum of its appealing parts.
A trashy superhero comedy (in yawnsome 3D) that tries to reproduce the innocent charm of its origins as a 1930s radio serial.
There's simply no center here, no sense that someone is guiding the ship.
A better, stranger movie can be glimpsed straining to be noticed behind Rogen's standard goofery.
In what universe do we need a comic-book-superhero movie starring Seth Rogen and directed by boy-man-ish critics' darling (although not this critic) Michel Gondry in fake 3-D?
Witless, charmless, clumsy and appallingly unenjoyable, The Green Hornet is almost unrecognizable as having come from the same, endlessly inventive storehouse of creativity as Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
A pretty entertaining piece of pop cinema that is probably going to turn out to be the strangest expenditure of a rumored $130 million budget that is likely to hit the multiplexes anytime soon.
Rogen's Reid doesn't become a crime fighter for an altruistic reasons: He does it as a lark because he thinks it will be fun. Rogen's Hornet is basically the comic relief. And that is what throws the movie a-kilter.
Dear Fat Seth Rogen, I miss you.
A long, snarky, borderline disdainful parody that's also an inferior imitation of the movies it mocks. No, thank you.
Special note must be made of the picture's pitiful 3D conversion, which rivals that of Clash of the Titans for pure ineffectuality.
There's so little at stake here that nothing much matters except for a good time.
All buzz, no sting.
The picture has no reason to exist, yet exist it does, thus between movies that might be good and movies that might be exciting, it fills this unenviable slot as neither.
This appears to be a breakout role for the talented and charismatic Chou, whose star should rise in Hollywood. The movie is full of visual eye candy that includes use of a split screen and rapid editing to speed up the car chases and...
There's nothing here but a concept and a marketing and merchandising strategy, at the center of which somebody - oh, no - had to come up with an actual movie.
While on its own lowbrow terms the movie may work well enough, 'Kick-Ass' outpoints this 'Smart-Ass' cousin by a wide margin.
The film is a bit uneven at times, but when it's firing on all cylinders, The Green Hornet is far too entertaining not to enjoy.
Even as a mindless diversion, it's weak.
Rogen may have lost weight for this role, but it hardly matters-he's still doing a more charming version of Butt-Head, aged twentysomething. You know by now if that works for you or not.
Relegating the film to January and uselessly converting it into ugly, barely-there 3-D so inadequate it might as well be billed as 2 1/4-D, the studio's decisions contradictorily stink of both desperation and defeat.
While the package as a whole never truly strikes a consistent tone, the boundless energy, surprisingly irreverent dialogue, and creative action sequences carry the day.
This morning, the unconscious bodies of three pickpockets were found in front of the Post's offices. Safety-pinned to one was an envelope containing the following movie review.
"The Green Hornet" has enough kicks and verve to keep the winter blues at bay, at least for a little while.
Is Gondry aware that he's making a film about both white male privilege and sexual harassment in the workplace?
While it may not ultimately prove memorable enough to launch a new film franchise, The Green Hornet is still a fun action-comedy and clever superhero satire that's about as close to a cool summer movie as you're going to get in the dead of winter.
The Green Hornet isn't a Michel Gondry film, but a Seth Rogen film to which Gondry has been strapped and forced to say the word "Action!", seemingly at gunpoint.
Almost everything about the film is disappointing.
The film's only unqualified success is the end title sequence -- because it's genuinely stylish, because it looks like it was shot in genuine 3-D and, most of all, because it's the end.
A joy ride of a film that evades the self-consciousness that stalls so many other recent comic-book adaptations, it is one of the best superhero movies ever.
Gondry's "Green Hornet" does not have a serious bone in his body. Its goal is to satirize superhero motifs - mainly, the idea of the ethnic sidekick.
There are some nifty things in between the lulls...
in this hodge-podge of creativity, this kinky mess, there is unbridled zest and an almost innocent sense of joy
The movie these guys have come up with is fresh, funny and a bewildering surprise.
While it sports a few spare parts that don't quite click, this souped-up superhero vehicle runs smoothly enough thanks to a savvy sense of humor and the charisma of its central crime-fighting duo.
You'd expect Gondry's version of a superhero movie to be either brilliantly creative or spectacularly misguided, and it's neither; just sporadically funny but more often plodding.
Hard to think of a more mystifying mismatch of filmmaker and material.
It's a strange, shapeless, rarely satisfying, but generally amiable movie in which everyone appears to be faking it as they go along, and almost -- almost -- getting away with it.
Rogen isn't the obvious choice for a comic book icon but he forces his personality onto this material with an ingratiating ease.
Brings together almost a dream team of elements which add up to only a very small fraction of the sum of their parts. The movie's just a huge mess.
By the time The Green Hornet collapses into a mess of hackneyed car chases and flying glass and bullets, it feels less like the promised irreverent take on the superhero genre, and more like the latest iteration of the Rush Hour movies.
The first nearly awful film of 2011.
The movie lopes along from one half-baked scene to the next, interrupted on occasion by car-porn sequences involving the hero's luminous limo the Black Beauty.
What happens when smart people set out to make a dumb movie. They made the movie they wanted to watch, rather than the one anyone else might want to.
Pointless goof of a film, can't decide if it wants to be a superhero movie or a parody of one.
[A]n aggressively goofy spoof of the modern dark, grim vigilante drama... with as much cartoonish, chaotic energy it can muster... and more than a little meta cunning, too.
The choice of Seth Rogen to topline this crimebusting bromedy proves an unlikely but ultimately shrewd one, plugging the void at the heart of the character with an outsize comic persona.
Good buddy-buddy chemistry between Chou and Rogan, along with some inspired carnage in the last half hour make THE GREEN HORNET a rare treat in a traditionally slow month.
As directed by Michel Gondry, Hornet's visuals have a few pixilated flourishes. But the production design is more cluttered than eye-catching, and the near-pointless use of 3-D simply muddies the photography.
A too-clever-by-half attempt to both satirize and celebrate the superhero genre.
The writer who first conceived of The Green Hornet was, in fact, paving the way for the martial arts hero. This film has done the opposite.
Rogen tests the limits of his likeability as the spoilt brat who inherits an empire while Gondry scrabbles for the right tone.
"Everything before this has been crap", says Rogen during the explosive finale. Many will agree.
I'm pleased to report that the movie is entirely watchable and often pretty fun, in a mishmashed, patchy kind of way. Put that on your poster, Columbia Pictures!
Gondry's film does have its goofy charms, even though it never quite decides what kind of movie it wants to be.
Not an abject failure, but still, not a film that recognizes its own strengths. At its best, it aspires to two dimensions. Three dimensions is far beyond its grasp.
Too much. Too numbing. Too coy. And ultimately too violent.
An inventive anti-hero theme sets this film apart from the usual superhero movie, but excessive violence and incoherent action leave it deeply frustrating to watch.
Enjoyable, frequently funny and occasionally subversive comedy with a strong script, likeable performances and some impressively directed action sequences, though it does drag a bit towards the end.
"The Green Hornet" is an almost unendurable demonstration of a movie with nothing to be about.
a very successful balance between Rogen's sort of irreverent, off-the-cuff humor and Gondry's limitless, carefully-planned creativity
You know, superhero comedy is tricky. They can't all be Blankman.
The latest Hornet, perhaps the most radical makeover of all, is more slapstick than sting and less masquerading noir crime fighter than deluded cartoonish geek avenger, while seemingly referencing both Tarantino's comedy of cruelty and Tom and Jerry.
However long and honourable its pedigree, goes in one brain synapse and out the other...
[VIDEO] "The Green Hornet" suffers from an incoherent disconnect between its not-so-heroic title character and his upstaging sidekick Kato (well played by Jay Chou).
Touted as a disaster even before its release, its off-beat tale, visual styling and casting proves that the franchise has more than a little sting left in its tail.
I'm beginning to suspect that writer-producer-actor Seth Rogen is up to foul play.
Rogen's tongue-in-cheek take on a superhero is the film's best -- maybe only -- winning feature, but he makes this low-expectations film more entertaning than you might think.
As much a comedy as it is an action movie, actually it's better than that, it's one of the all too rare modern movies which manages to be both.
The story falls apart, while Gondry ratchets up the silly action so far over the top the structure of the film can't support it.
If unmodulated decibel level and childish, dorkish energy alone could lower a city's crime rate, then consider the cartoon bad guys of cartoon Los Angeles flattened.
Rogen's image and his attitude as co-screenwriter of The Green Hornet updates the bland superhero template using comic irreverence.
The Green Hornet's only victory is that it isn't flat awful.
The interplay between the Green Hornet and straight man Kato delights, overshadowing Cameron Diaz as a mutual love interest.
What opens as a 21st-century variation on Hudson Hawk (and I mean that as a compliment) soon trades in its gleeful weirdness for a Pineapple Express-style blend of rote action and abrasive, unfunny comedy.
While this latest Rogen-penned iteration is a game try, it feels a bit like he's trying to make a volume out of a footnote.
Did I mention that the movie's in 3-D? Someone should have let Gondry know.
Rogen is just playing a version of the good-natured, wisecracking slacker he plays in everything, which never feels like a comfortable fit alongside the coolly efficient Chou.
The Green Hornet is a disjointed jumble of gag laughs, goofy stunts, and bizzare casting.
High hopes of magic from the Gondry-Rogen pairing are dashed. Some neat touches aside, this isn't so much eternal sunshine, more superbad.
Jay Chou is actually quite appealing as Kato, both a buddy and rival to the Hornet, especially once Britt hires Lenore Case (Cameron Diaz) as his Sentinel secretary, a move that brings out the sexist in Rogen and the sexiness in Chou.
Purists may end up in tears over this comedy, but those seeking a lighthearted romp (handed a gratuitous 3D conversion) with some wicked smashmouth theatrics might welcome this superhero change of pace.
...what could have been a typical costumed crusader effort turns into one of 2011's early delights.
Casting [Seth] Rogen as a crimefighting hero may sound dubious, until you see how the film understands and embraces the disconnect.
The Green Hornet provides a half-hour's worth of mildly entertaining travesty before collapsing in a clamor of bombastic action sequences and lame wisecracks.
Throughout THE GREEN HORNET I really wanted Jay Chou's Kato to beat the **** out of Seth Rogen's Britt Reid. That, in a nutshell, defines both the thing I liked most about GREEN HORNET and one of my biggest problems with the film.
Despite some entertaining moments, this long-in-gestation crime-fighter feature never reaches top speed.
This Hornet is a big, boisterous action-comedy - a funny, exciting and intentionally goofy summer movie that just happens to arrive in the middle of January.
Words that I never thought I'd type, but must after viewing Seth Rogen's take on The Green Hornet: I miss Van Williams.
Floats like a butterfly, stings like a gnat.
Chou [is] charismatic when his feet and fists are flying but far from nimble when he opens his mouth ... which knocks the film's would-be buddy-comedy bromance on the head.
Gondry's contributions to the film amount to little more than rainbow sprinkles atop a very vanilla piece of cinema.
[Gondry] has done a stellar job of putting his wacky auteurial stamp on a comedy which is only semi-coherent but still very funny and impeccably fashioned.
It's actually one of the better superhero movies of recent years, and for at least 60% of its runtime it delivers on all the promise of its hipster-royalty cast and crew.
The Green Hornet is the usual numbing, postmodern pastiche -- which is ironic, since the premise is supposed to be retro, a throwback to a simpler, less synthetic analog age done in digital style.
A superhero movie with the soul of a bromance, The Green Hornet is consistently mildly amusing but never quite as fun as it should be.
Injecting a devil-may-care attitude into a franchise-focused blockbuster only gets you so far. When all is said and done, this wasp's got no sting.
The film is a blast.
A surprisingly funny and ingeniously clever take on superheroes ... The Green Hornet certainly sets the bar high for other superhero movies coming out this year.
Not as bad as its release date implies nor as good as its creative team suggests.
Fans of Seth Rogen, who co-wrote, co-produced and starred in this new 3D version of the radio and TV series will enjoy this mildly engaging but repetitive adventure--the rudimentary plot, infantile humor and action are targeted at very young viewers
The story is ridiculous and not every plot point makes sense, but if you're willing to turn your brain off and abandon any second thinking, the entertainment value is high.
It is confident, sly, silly, thrilling, and a nice tribute to the genre and the character both.
A great evening's entertainment when you want to switch off and dip your head in some popcorn.
[S]hows a kind of ambition that's rare in superhero flicks. It's ambitious in the "let's make something that's funny and original and cool and exciting" sense. Not the "let's spend 100million on flying CGI robots, and to hell with ideas" sense.


@highlight

It's sporadically entertaining, but The Green Hornet never approaches the surreal heights suggested by a Michel Gondry/Seth Rogen collaboration.