... [Director Jordan Scott] has her father's knack for visuals to boot-she'll be a formidable director one day soon.
The story twists beautifully and shockingly. The ending is brilliant. Skillfully directed by Jordan Scott.
"Cracks" is a moody, often lurid tale of rivalry and repression.
Although Green is the sort of actress you can't take your eyes off , her presence is not enough to keep this movie from becoming mired in a slow and predictable rut.
Along with Fiamma's shift, we can't buy a miscast Eva Green, whose teacher begins the film faultless and finishes looking like The Turn of the Screw's governess.
,,,sometimes seems too obvious, sometimes too opaque, and frequently leaves you guessing as to whether some episode has a deeper meaning or was just tossed out there to keep things moving.
"Cracks" is a bit of a knock-off, but it's a sturdily assembled vessel for a promising director and cast.
Temple shines as Di. Her round face and large eyes convey almost as much as her dialogue.
While Scott's movie has a consistent aura, it lacks a consistent tone.
Driven more by characters and relationships than narrative, Cracks explores the exclusionary power of cliques that develop within a closed society, the single-minded violence of the mob mentality, and the seductive charm of the charismatic individual.
Cracks only strays from the boarding school genre's playbook when it's entering questionable territory, making for a picture that's easily forgettable except in its disappointments.
Cracks is very tawdry and blunt, but it's also an effective parable about the way people -- especially impressionable young people -- can become complicit in their own oppression.
Scott deservedly follows in the footsteps of her father while Temple and Green deliver unforgettably striking performances. If only it weren't for that damn script.
Lame period film set in a remote girls' boarding school never takes off. All-too-familiar tensions among students and their troubled instructor go unresolved.
It's at least unintentionally funny and could wind up with a kind of demented cult following.
"Cracks" recalls any number of girls-school dramas, like the much better "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie" (1969).
A hobbled, but moderate chiller, which offers far too many intriguing toxins to discount, even when they're projected in a most transparent manner.
In many ways "Cracks" is lurid and rickety. But its gripping ensemble performances lend it an emotional intensity that outweighs its shortcomings.
Worth seeing just to watch Ms. Green ride that teacher right off the rails.
The pieces never form a convincing, or coherent, whole.
Cracks has the potential to be utterly devastating. Unfortunately, the film settles for being mildly unsettling.
For much of Cracks' first two-thirds, Scott and company avoid the obvious melodramatic beats and just let the story unfold, even as the narrative shifts its attention from character to character.
Jordan Scott's feature film debut as a co-writer/director is so self-assured that it's tempting to take for granted the calculatedly dynamic measure of her work.
Years from now, when you talk of this - oh, who am I kidding? Cracks is a movie so silly it will be forgotten before the final credits roll.
There is so little dialogue of any significance that I can't figure out why the film is credited with three screenwriters, but Ms. Scott knows what to do with the camera to show dark psychological forces at work...
All of which is heavy-breathing fun until an ill-judged lapse into Lord of the Flies territory and a Jean Rhys-ian climax all but bury the message about the evils of repression.
An engaging period piece about an all girls' school on a remote island.
The film unfolds primarily as a case study of both a vaguely fascistic individual and a group subject to that individual's magnetism.
A concrete depiction of every Right Wing fundamentalist's greatest nightmare and fantasy, it's shocking to learn that such a pro-gay producer as Christine Vachon (e.g. Go Fish; Swoon) is involved here.
Scott excels in maintaining a low, persistent hum of eroticism whose purpose is not titillation or camp.
In her debut feature, Jordan Scott (daughter of Ridley) has conjured a lovely oddity combining elements of The Prime of Miss Brodie, The Children's Hour, If, The Belles of St. Trinian's, and even a bit of Lord of the Flies.
It's a film without much resonance - there is no way of knowing what lasting effects the pupils' experiences will have on them - but it's smoothly made by Jordan Scott.
Jordan Scott's confident directorial debut is a faintly ridiculous, sexually overheated mixture.
Jordan Scott's debut film is essentially a picturesque, slow-motion montage of boarding school pastimes: diving practice, a midnight feast, parcels from home, low-level bitching. I kept hoping Dumbledore would pop in and liven things up.
An auspicious debut for Scott, but one whose ingredients are too familiar to really fizz. Green is great, though, in a dark-tinged role that plays to her strengths.
Scott has fashioned a film as ponderous as it is obvious, weighed down by a string-heavy soundtrack and achingly slow editing.
What should have been a dark study of obsession and teenage rivalry is rendered dreary by poor pacing. Eva Green may captivate, but the film does not.
A film about the eruption of desire in an all-girls boarding school that marks the beguiling feature debut from Jordan (daughter of Ridley) Scott.
Cracks totters on high heels and strikes all manner of poses in the mirror. Sooner or later it's bound to fall over.
Even the star power of the lovely Ms Green can't help Cracks escape the melodramatic doldrums.
Cracks is an impressive debut from the latest Scott to step behind the camera. The eye-catching photography, attention to detail and strong acting amount to a sharply-observed character study. It's a fine calling card.
Too often, rather than a simmering pressure cooker of repressed hormones, this plays out like St Trinians without the jokes.
Witty dialogue buoys the psychological tension as the story spirals to its dramatic conclusion.
A sensual, erotically charged 1930s-set melodrama that has a passing similarity in theme to The Pride of Miss Jean Brodie.
The atmosphere of suppressed erotic longing gives way to a barely contained hysteria, not always convincingly handled by the young cast.
Scott shows a talent for composition and creating atmosphere but Cracks covers very familiar ground and winds up feeling sluggish.
A superbly made, emotionally engaging drama that's worth seeing for the terrific performances.
Keeps our interest even though the story is extremely thin. And there doesn't really seem to be much of a point to it.
The presence of Ridley and Tony Scott's names among Crack's 16 listed producers is probably the main reason it's currently in a cinema near you, rather than languishing in development hell.

@highlight

Atomospheric but not much else, Cracks is a formless film in search of compelling drama.