... an overflow of creativity and technical advances. [Full review in Spanish]
The 3-D digitally animated Epic is bursting at the seams, much like the lush forest where it's set.
The film takes a long old while to get going but the 3D animation is pretty good, the script has some nice touches of humour, and children will love Aziz Ansari and Chris O'Dowd as Mub and Grub.
It's all sweet and agreeable, if no classic.
The film's chief strength lies in its depiction of a new and exotic world and appreciating how Fox animators envisioned and created such a world. Epic is epically gorgeous in its art design and animation.
At least the movie practices the green environmental message that it preaches: The entire screenplay is recycled.
It is a testament to how spoiled we have become by mainstream animated features that a film as visually arresting as Epic would be considered run-of-the-mill.
The story is pretty routine, but it's the vivid colors and sense of excitement that comes with the crisp animation that makes it really work.
Boasts sometimes photorealistic animation and some cool concepts (the heroic 'Leafmen' ride hummingbirds like horses), but it's grounded by the cliche aspects of everything else.
The story has a nice combination of reconciliation, drama and humor. There are some very funny jokes and pratfalls in the film. The kids in the audience laughed at the jokes aimed at them, but this film works for adults too.
Boasts plenty of thrills, good humour and an empowering, tall and angular female protagonist - even if things sometimes feel a little rushed and aren't always in balance.
An absolute delight from start to finish, Epic features an award-worthy sequence where giant figures in extreme close-up move in slow motion as the tiny heroes scatter about. There's a freshness and originality to it that we see all-too-rarely.
Though the story may be slight, the film is stacked with brilliantly colourful characters, a fabulous voice cast and simply spectacular animation.
Sure there's not much original here ... but it's well done, and that can't always be expected. Like a dandelion thistle, Epic is light and fluffy and quickly lost in the breeze.
A fantasy forest is a fabulous setting for animation; it is filled with all shapes and sizes and colours of flowers and animals ... Sweet and funny and sometimes exciting, Epic is a cleverly made visual delight, certain to keep younger kids entertained
... has enough excitement and visual flair to appeal to moviegoers of any age.
Beautiful 3D animation coupled with a compelling story and fantastic writing make this the best animated movies since Rise of the Guardians.
Beautifully animated forest fantasy for undemanding families.
I will now review this movie using the lyrics to the song "Epic" by Faith No More, which I think you'll find are eerily fitting.
I remember, not so very long ago, when most of the protagonists in children's movies were male. The change in recent years has been, well, 'Epic.'
Extraordinary! A magical and wondrous - and blessedly original - animated movie experience for everyone.
Produces images of poetic power ... The catch is that the world the filmmakers create is far more interesting than the story they tell in it in it or the characters they put in it.
At least it's pretty.
It's not quite an animated masterpiece, but it's still a fun, sweet-hearted kid-pleaser that boasts some downright lovely animation.
Apart from the visuals, it's pretty undistinguished.
Great animation, good voice talent but something is just a little flat about the storyline.
"Epic" is not a bad animated film, but it is a pretty forgettable one.
An unfortunate name for such a simplistic, sleepy little eco-goofy animated movie.
For all its attempts at wonder and spectacle and play, Epic is mostly a slog.
Although the basic story is too juvenile and simplistic to entertain anyone with an age in the double-digit range, the themes and underlying ideas are too complicated to capture the attention of someone younger.
Basically, it's a passable combination of Bambi, The Borrowers and Avatar (which plays in my memory as an animated picture).
The visuals are pure magic.
This woodland fairy tale is not nearly as Epic as the title would suggest.
Sweet, eye-popping, eco-friendly adventure, suitable for children of all ages.
...the most beautiful boring movie ever made.
Animated adventure amuses but doesn't live up to its title.
By-the-numbers kid's movie elements prevent Epic from completely living up to its name; nonetheless, it's still a solid film for the whole family.
The story has periods of great invention, too, offering both an ingenious combination of time and space as well as the sublime use of different speeds of sound.
It doesn't do anything groundbreaking, but its attention to detail produces a reliably entertaining family adventure.
It's never a good sign when there are five screenwriters on a single project; maybe that's why the story feels clunky and overcomplicated.
Good despite the poster-blurb title. I hear the sequels are "Best Family Movie Yet" and "Amazing Thrill Ride!"
Director Chris Wedge falls into the common animator's trap of making the "human" characters a lot duller than the nonhuman creepy-crawlies.
With its array of goofy sidekicks (Aziz Ansari as a slug almost runs away with the whole picture) and carefully crafted relationships, Epic certainly manages to tell a compelling tale.
Some jokes that should have worked fell flat and the movie never sucked me in on a level like a "Toy Story" or "Finding Nemo" would. But if you have kids and are looking for a safe journey to take them on at the movies, "Epic" will punch your ticket.
here's humor, intense action and even some family friendly young lust...and it all adds up to a 3D animated feast that can play with the big boys of May.
Thanks to some sweet vocal contributions from Seyfried and Farrell, as well as Chris O'Dowd, who alongside Pitbull brings magic to his slimy-but-noble character, the movie finds great comic touches that will keep the grown-ups amused and the kids rapt.
...despite several moments of thoughtful, quiet near-bliss and well-crafted action beats, the overall product is underwhelming. Visuals aside, the film's title belies a story that's anything but.
A 3D eco-fantasy whose mantra-like insistence that we're all connected by nature is one of the main things that underscores the abject insincerity of the sentiment as the movie articulates it, "Epic" is very nearly epic in its stifling mediocrity.
Fast-moving, involving, and entertaining, the tale sweeps you deep into its current and carries you swiftly along.
Although this adventure's premise will appeal to children, and the child within us, the film itself is far too simplistic to be a classic.
Movies just don't get more derivative than this one, which - true to its green theme - fervently believes in recycling.
The biggest problem with "Epic" is that it doesn't present a world that feels wondrous and ancient and lived in, but instead gives us a world that feels like it was workshopped over a long lunch meeting.
The character designs are adequate, the action scenes are decent and some of the jokes are funny, but it all feels too familiar and done far better before.
It's A Bug's Death, a fantasy film catering to a more masculine demographic than the typical kiddie fare.
A solid animated feature with a great message. It's good but not epic.
Its utterly generic and not particularly apt title aside, the animated Epic is one of the best features so far from Blue Sky Studios.
All the talent in the world can't elevate this forgettable fare.
Won't take up much space in the history books but will make a very nice footnote.
Anyone over the age of 7 or so - not to mention their accompanying adults - isn't going to find too much here to truly engage them, let alone linger past the final fade out.
Children may enjoy it, but even they will be able to see all the boxes it systematically ticks.
It may not be epic, but it's eye-popping entertainment.
[It] is certainly very pretty to look at, and has a general agreeability about it. But the movie would need to engage us far more powerfully for that hyperbolic title to fit.
Generic entertainment with a brave heroine, cutesy-poo supporting characters, parental figures who are either absent or absent-minded, etcetera, etcetera.
Like traditional fairytales, Epic deals with dark stuff. But there is also a lot of cheap humour -- quips and slapstick -- that lightens the mood.
The emotional connection that should have the crowd cheering wildly for the heroes and booing the villains never clicks in.
...something family-friendly which will enchant children young enough that they won't have seen it all before as well as adults willing to give themselves over to its charms.
Why does Hollywood always feel the need to pander to kids by throwing in annoying comic characters and out of place humor in a story that doesn't need it?
Sadly, the lurching, generic script doesn't live up to the look of the film but it's worth seeing just for the memorable visuals.
The quality of the animation is exceptional, and will open many eyes - young and old - to the beauty of natural woodland.
As beautiful as it is, "Epic" is fatally lacking in visceral momentum and dramatic edge.
The fantasy elements are undercooked and the voice cast is random, but Epic pulls everything together in the third act and has some nice payoffs.
Epic's visuals are enthralling enough for little and big folks to offset a predictable, albeit sweet, story.
That title is inviting the addition of the word "fail", but actually this is perfectly serviceable family animation.
more "Timid-with-a-little-bit-of-pluck."
It will probably make money. Making memories is another story all together.
The story's predictability -- and resemblance to 1992's "FernGully: The Last Rainforest" -- makes for a pretty, dull ride.
Its explosive, almost psychedelic colour is first rate, especially in 3D.
Despite a superficially eco-friendly message and an engaging female lead, it's bogged down by a formulaic story and an over-reliance on celebrity voice talent.
"Epic" may be the thinking family's best Saturday matinee of the summer. And the date movie of the season.
Epic is very pleasing on a visual level, but its story of good versus evil is no different than the ones we grew up reading about and watching.
Epic? More like meh.
Even young would-be botanists will find this charmless animated adventure as exciting as watching grass grow.
The action sequences are frequent and exceptional, from zooming aerial battles to comedic chases involving Bomba's three-legged pet pug.
It's funny, exciting, beautiful to look at and, unfortunately, so very familiar and unsurprising.
The Cartoon-o-Tron 9000 sparks to life and cranks out Epic, a feature filled with so many derivative ideas and formulaic events, it's difficult to assess what's actually novel about the picture.
In the roll call of visually distinctive 'toons, "Epic" looms large.
There's plenty to relish ...
Nothing new, but given its solidly built kids' adventure, I'm not going to, y'know, look down on it.
So generic it might as well come in a black-and-white box: Animated Adventure TBD.
"Epic" is not a musical exactly. It's also not especially funny. And neither the nature story nor the dull parent one amounts to much.
The best forest fantasy flick you'll see all year.
A visual marvel that's unfortunately pretty derivative in terms of plotting.
Perhaps the most impressively rendered cinematic realisation of this concept, with some pleasingly inventive touches for visualising our protagonists' world.
Epic fail.
If, on a fundamental level, the film's mix of tones doesn't always fully mesh, its many chases and other aerial moments at least provide a nice array of whiz-bang excitement.
'Epic' is okay, but it probably could and should have been so much more. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
The action sequences have plenty of visual flair even if there's never a moment of real suspense.
Lively and engaging animated adventure with likeable characters, superb vocal performances, pacey direction and a strong eco-friendly message ...
With its secret, magical worlds and legions of evil-battling leafy warriors, there's plenty here to engage young audiences of both genders.
Derivative as all get out, concocted by committee...but watchable.
I had the sensation of sitting through a fourth-grade school play that contained no children of my own: the very definition of a nightmare.
Epic is heavy on celebrity voices and light on imagination.
It's difficult to keep its story and characters, or even its visual design, in your mind's eye, in part because the five credited screenwriters overload the narrative with incident and threatening complication.
The story's simple enough to appeal to young kids (the 8-year-old with me pronounced the movie "awesome"), but adults will enjoy the beautiful animation, whether 3D or 2D.
Forgettable to the point where its memory begins to fade the moment the film is over, "Epic" diverts only in that it's not strictly a chore to watch. Faint praise, to be sure, and epically un-epic.
A serviceable animated adventure movie for kids, hitting all the requisite family-friendly beats without ever transcending them.
Ironically, nothing feels organic here, and certainly nothing feels magical...
When the filmmakers take little detours from the reluctant-warrior-accepts-his/her-destiny plot, it brings some desperately needed livening up to what otherwise feels like a crushingly by-the-numbers kid saga.
The story lacks the specialness of a Pixar movie - it retreads the same eco-battle archetypes as FernGully and Avatar - but it's a perfectly appealing explosion of color for a lazy summer day.
A charming fable that could, with clever parental persuasion, inspire the youngest generation to swap their video games for an invigorating spot of housework.
While it's not as awe-inspiring as the title suggests, it's a fast-paced adventure with some original flourishes and genuinely marvellous animation.
A big, brash but ultimately somewhat boring fairy story that relies too heavily on celebrity casting for appeal.
Parents may have to take a back seat here but their young charges will be enthralled by this beautifully animated 3D adventure.
Epic is a major aesthetic triumph for Blue Sky Studios.
If this is all familiar territory even to film-literate young children, it's nonetheless executed with professionalism and a few dashes of panache.
This is big on action and small on originality. Gorgeous visuals aside, Epic is resolutely kiddie fare.
It's funny and often charming, but whenever it tries to introduce strong emotions of any kind, Epic falls short.
Though Epic walks a woefully-worn, save-the-planet path, it manages to feel fresh, even when drawing inspiration directly from Alice in Wonderland, Avatar and The Lord of the Rings.
This Epic is unlikely to go down in family animation legend but it's a perfectly respectable couple of hours of entertainment that is suitable for all ages.
Dazzling visual effects and some lively voice work from the comic relief characters just about paper over a disappointingly conventional narrative.
There is a lot to be admired about Wedges' Epic, as an action packed adventure movie that does little to offend and will certainly find an audience amongst the younger crowd.
While it's not a crossover classic, this has enough wit and charm to entertain both big and little people.
Though it's packed with immaculate design and eye-catching aerial set pieces, the film is ultimately let down by a script that leans too heavily on fantasy adventures of yesteryear.

@highlight

Though its narrative themes are all too familiar, Epic is beautifully animated and crafted with just enough flair to make for solid family entertainment.