one of the funniest movies of the year
In the end it just felt like we were being told one long joke but were never given the punchline.
The jokes fly as wildly as the titular sports gear, landing solidly more often than you'd expect thanks to a fast-paced script and a cast of good-natured misfits led by Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
Stiller is in fine form and just watching his exaggerated, paranoid egocentric White is amusing in itself.
Trash comedies such as this are usually more painful than funny, but writer-director Rawson Marshall Thurber pulls enough hilarious gags and cameos out of his gym bag to qualify his first feature as the summerâ(TM)s first guilty pleasure.
Stiller gives one of his broadest and best performances to date, and the jokes ping around the screen as fast as the balls on the court.
This masterpiece of modern cinema depends upon a single truism: A guy getting hit in the nuts a hundred times in a row is funny a hundred times.
The film wants only to pit its common-man heroes against a bunch of colorful, laughable adversaries, and achieves this goal admirably.
White Goodman is one of Stiller's craziest creations, a hilariously dim-witted and mean-spirited jock that doesn't realize how pathetic he really is.
The biggest laughs come from a cameo, which is never a good sign.
Can somebody please stop Ben Stiller?
I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard at seeing a young man get beaned in the head with a wrench.
Anyone expecting to find something deep and meaningful in DODGEBALL: A TRUE UNDERDOG STORY should look somewhere else.
I had a good time with this goofy mess of a movie, but I saw it for free.
It never gets old watching someone take a dodgeball to the noggin.
...it's got enough laughs in its ninety-odd minutes to justify the time spent on it, which is more than can be said for most recent comedies out of Hollywood.
For every good punchline, there are fifteen that sound like they were scraped off the walls of mens' room stalls.
...silly fun...
Provavelmente já terá sido esquecido daqui a um ano - o que não quer dizer que não funcione como um passatempo divertido e descompromissado enquanto dura a projeção.
To my surprise, this was a moderately entertaining hour and a half.
Crude, daft and hilarious, Dodgeball is the best mainstream American comedy in years.
An enjoyable Friday night comedy that delivers several decent laugh-out loud gags, even if it's not the movie it could have been with a more thought-out script.
Watching people being hit in the balls has never been so much fun.
You have to respect a movie that wears its shortcomings proudly on its sleeve
This is funny stuff, not quite on par with Zoolander, but well worth a look.
In this goofball sportsfilm spoof there is something for everyone to laugh at - but a few too many cringeworthy own-goals.
None of the character of, say, a Will Ferrell movie, or the cyncial wit of Harold and Kumar.
The movie dodges laughs as rapidly as it panders for them.
Thurber and his picture-perfect cast manage to deliver a very entertaining and fast-paced 96 minutes.
much funnier than any movie about dodgeball has a right to be
It helps to have energetic and gifted actors, but you really need to give them funnier things to do and say.
Dodgeball, I am shocked to say, rewards you for paying attention. It also rewards you for having totally juvenile sensibility, so it's really win win.
Entertaining and funny, despite being loaded with clichés and groin humor.
Dodgeball ducks most filmmaking no-nos and manages to serve up a light-hearted treat.
Zoolander fans will love every minute of this movie. The rest of us can wait until it comes out on video.
A non-stop gagfest around a subject that has no right to be funny.
...silly, illogical and downright brainless fluff that, for one reason or another, manages to be both funny and charismatic all the way through.
A sophomoric, broad-strokes farce, one with likeable characters and an abundance of heart, not to mentions wrenches to the head and balls to the groin.
Direct hit!
a pretty hilarious movie thanks to Stiller's willingness to let himself look like a complete idiot just for laughs
A comedy with a crazy bounce, but only if you're willing to dodge the dumb, dodgy jokes.
Oh, the movie's not too bright, but I couldn't stop laughing, and that's the point, right?
At a time when many ambitious studio films are aiming high and falling short, here's one that delivers on its low-pressure promise.
Let the grudgy, gross-out, and basically banal competition begin.
I have to hand it to a comedy that works this hard at being mediocre.
The fusion of violence and silliness makes dodgeball a great subject for a sports comedy, and the Vaughn/Stiller team is casting perfection.
The most satisfying comedy of the past year -- at least among the ones starring Stiller.
. . . a laugh-out-loud romp that holds its own against comedy classics like Office Space and Airplane!, a zinger destined to become a dorm-room essential.
This crazed sports spoof is silly, stupid and only intermittently funny. I'd advise waiting for the video.
The best Ben Stiller movie in months, but when all is said and done is that saying anything?
C'est léger, souvent idiot, mais très amusant.
... a hilariously worthy successor to the great goofball comedies of the late Seventies and early Eighties, movies like Caddyshack and Meatballs.
There haven't been so many shots of guys getting hit where-it-counts since the heyday of America's Funniest Home Videos.
This is a spoof of sport movies with a misfit dodgeball team taking on the meanest team anywhere.
Silly, outlandish, and an all-around good time at the movies.
Just watching grown-ups get bombarded by rubber balls, you know? Makes me feel 12 again.
Dodgeball works mainly because it's full of colorful characters who are a real hoot to watch as they stumble their way through the movie.
This is definitely how to make a good stupid movie: accept the stupidity, own it, and then have fun with it.
However foolish Thurber's premise may be, it has goofy-inspired gumption and you have to respect his motive for overseeing such intentional stupidity
Slapstick isn't dead; it just took until now for someone to realize that being hit in the face with a dodgeball is a lot funnier than a cream pie.
Is it great cinema? Of course not.
A crude comedy that aims low and hits its mark.
The movie doesn't just pussyfoot around conventionality -- it hits it square in the stomach and then leaps around shamelessly in a smug victory dance.
Just when it seemed like Ben Stiller needed to go away for a while, he hams it up once again with even better results than his last few attempts.
Unlike the herky-jerky 'Stepford Wives,' which can't decide if it's a big-screen 'Will & Grace' episode or a sci-fi fable, 'Dodgeball' is raucous fun from start to finish...
More a concept than a movie, and the concept just isn't as clever as the filmmakers think.
I dare anyone not to laugh when the balls start boinking off bodies in this smart 'dumb comedy,' which hits its targets more often than not.
Ben Stiller is too over-the-top, but the pic has solid one-liners.
Thurber makes you forget convention and enjoy a genuine yukfest, full of down-and-dirty (but funny) gags and one-liners, and memorable scenes.
Modestly amusing teen summer comedy.
...offers the sort of entertainment that has been found in junior-high gym classes for ages: watching people get beaned in the head.
Gleefully commingles slapstick and scatology, satire and sentiment, in a free-wheeling farce aimed at making auds laugh until they're thoroughly ashamed of themselves.
Stiller doesn't know when to stop; his thoroughly repellent character, whose relationship with pizza makes American Pie's pastry lover seem wholesome, verges on the unwatchable.
Eventually falls prey to its own stupidity (including far too many homophobic jokes), and to a surprisingly lacklustre performance by Vince Vaughn.
Did that movie just wink at me? I think it did. But I'm not quite sure.
Yes, the movie's watchable, and there are about six good laughs in it, but six good (not great) laughs in 90 minutes is pretty paltry for a comedy.
Non-nutritional, brainless, lowdown, rude fun.
Every summer needs its share of mindless laughs. This should hold you, at least until we see whether Will Farrell's Anchorman delivers its share next month.
It's actually frequently hilarious, but you can't help feel a bit disappointed by the outcome.
Dodgeball may not be for children, but it is tailor-made for the childish, and it goes without saying that I laughed heartily throughout.
Too many of [Thurber's] gags rely on easy grunge humor or stunt casting, or simply misfire.
If you hold a perverse soft spot in your heart for straight-to-video underdog junk like Ski School, you're going to love Dodgeball.
While it doesn't have enough heart to put it in league with the all-time great sports comedies, the film certainly ranks among the more quotable ones.
Reeks of desperation from the start, resorting way too often to the Funniest Home Videos-style spectacle of people getting hit in the crotch with red rubber balls.
[Stiller] creates a perfect storm of body, facial and vocal expression for every line of dialogue, and you have to admire his co-players for merely maintaining their balance against the bluster.
An enjoyable up-with-misfits story that will please fans of underdog comedies like Stripes and Animal House.
Thurber zings the laughs so fast and relentlessly, you can't dodge them all, so you'll likely end up laughing in spite of your better judgment.
An extremely slight but funny film, a bastard cousin of Revenge Of The Nerds that devotes itself gleefully to every low and cheap laugh it can muster (as well as some very sly ones).
This lame sports comedy is deflated by clichés, from a save-the-farm plot to sadism disguised as slapstick.
Occasionally, Dodgeball is laugh-out-loud funny, which goes a long way toward redeeming the rest.
Aims low -- and happily hits its target.
More often than not, DodgeBall slings its visual and verbal humor with rapid-fire, spot-on aim without fouling.
Rude, crude and not quite as funny as it would like to be.
Globo is owned by Ben Stiller, overacting to the point of apoplexy as White Goodman; his manic performance is consistently funny.
There really isn't enough there to cover for the clichés, making Dodgeball intermittently funny at best, an overlong comedy sketch at worst.
Rambunctious when it finally gets to Las Vegas, where the championships are held and broadcast on not-real-yet ESPN 8 -- 'the Ocho.'
In the end, Dodgeball belongs completely to Stiller; as White, he brings a comedic smarminess that usually is attributed to actor Jim Carrey.
Despite his inexperience, Thurber apparently knows just how to make the perfect stupid summer movie.
In no way a great movie, or even a particularly good one... [but enough laughs] to earn it a place on the cult-fave shelf next to Office Space and Old School.
Half of Dodgeball is very funny. The other half has Ben Stiller in it.
If you only see one movie about dodgeball this summer - make sure it's this one! They take this silly game to a whole new level of silly - and it works.
Feels far too smug about its underachievement to be a persuasive nerd movie: This is more a film by Hollywood frat boys slumming for some quick summer money.
Thurber seems oblivious to the hypocrisy of mocking our image-conscious society while simultaneously making fun of the film's oddball loser characters.
About half of it works. And when it does, it goes a long way.
Stiller's back in top form as a flamboyant male bimbo.
No matter what you read elsewhere, don't dodge this flick; it's by far the funniest movie thus far of 2004.
This is no Zoolander, folks.
That there even exists a movie called Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story, and that it has sportscasters named Cotton McKnight and Pepper Brooks, makes me happy inside.
The screenplay's wit is genuinely impressive.
In the tradition of the greatest sports comedies of all time, Dodgeball is a blast and an instant classic.
There's nothing new to the old game except snazzy outfits, slick accoutrements and better banter, but like his misfit heroes, Thurber aims low and hits his mark.
I actually found myself laughing quite a bit during 'Dodgeball' - more than enough times to recommend it to anyone in a silly sort of mood.
Underachieving comedy is a great parody -- and the best smart-stupid laugh we've had in a long time.
This is not a stupid comedy. A comedy with this many elements has to be smartly structured and blended.
Yep, a full five stars. I loved every last frame of this inspired little sports comedy.
It almost feels like a dare: laugh at this, even though we all know this is totally dumb.
It's nearly impossible to watch Vaughn in Dodgeball and not be reminded of the early days of Bill Murray.
If the devil is in the details then Thurber has given up his soul.
From the same generic mind-set that could just as easily have given us Major League: Concession Stand comes what seems like the 11th Ben Stiller comedy this year.
The type of movie that makes you laugh in spite of yourself. It definitely falls under the guilty pleasure category.
It's not the end of American cinema, but it may signal either the end of Ben Stiller's ambitions or the launch of a vendetta against his fans.
This piece of juvenilia all too willingly embraces the team motto of the movie's heroes: Aim low.
The main plot is predictable all the way, but the incidentals are clever.
Stiller strives to be a wild and wacky villain, Vaughn endeavors to be a likable and average hero, and both fall flat on their faces, like everything else in this unspeakably stupid comedy.
Entertaining, in the way that encourages maximum brain disengagement.
Sort of reminds of The Saddest Music in the World, if only Guy Maddin had a sense of humour about himself.
Ben Stiller plays a pumped-up fitness guru in a consistently funny sports spoof that unapologetically roots for the über-nerds.
Some movies are funny because they're smart, while other movies are equally funny because they're dumb. More rarely, movies are funny because they involve watching enormous wrenches being hurled at people's groins.
Vaughn is stuck playing the straight man to a collection of stooges, and he looks utterly bored doing it.
No more a good movie than dodgeball is a sport. But compared to other recent dumb-on-purpose comedies, it's something close to clever.
You can never tell whether the next scene will induce loud laughter or contempt; for me, Dodgeball divided right down the middle.
Truly a team effort, and it's a winning one.
A cheerfully sloppy ode to every underdog comedy ever made.
A lazy, flabby waste.
Shtick that aims for an Airplane- style sense of anarchy but instead hits every below- the-belt spot imaginable.
Bounces along with a dumb, energetic oomph.
Thurber loads up on plenty of tired, male-identified, low-comedy standbys, including homosexual panic, fat girls and racial caricatures.
Less in the "wow, that's funny" category than the "I can't believe they tried that," as when a uniform mix-up has the Average Joes appearing at a match in bondage gear.
Once you get beyond nostalgia for dodging red balls whipped at your head, there's little here.
As juvenile and lowbrow as the game itself, but it's surprisingly funny...if you give it a chance you may finding yourself laughing a lot more than you'd expect.
[A]bsurd without being absurdist, preposterous but pointlessly so...
A comedy so brainless it's actually kind of brilliant.
Offers about 90 minutes of laughter (although the movie runs out of steam during its final third).
The premise alone is hilarious, reducing grown men to a child's game and rallying around a sport where we get to see confident, assured adults beat down by rubber balls.
Stiller and Vaughn are about 200 times better than everything else in this movie.
Stupid is as stupid does, and in this movie, stupid does some pretty funny stuff.
I could watch a guy taking a wrench to the face or a ball to the groin for 90 minutes every day of the week.
Not sure where the producers get off implying that this sports-movie satire is in any way true, but it's so preposterous, few are likely to be confused.
DODGEBALL has the touch of inspired inanity, the sort that spawns cult followings.
strong contender for the title of this summer's biggest throw-away movie
For viewers who just want to laugh for 90 minutes without having to think too much, the no-holds-barred Dodgeball will happily do the trick.
Most of Dodgeball's considerable humor comes from droopy-eyed Vince Vaughn watching manic, macho Ben Stiller wear himself out.
Can somebody please stop Ben Stiller?...The (movie's) one vicariously vengeful pleasure is seeing the actors repeatedly take real shots to the head from big red rubber balls.
Silly, stupid and fun.









@highlight

Proudly profane and splendidly silly, Dodgeball is a worthy spiritual successor to the goofball comedies of the 1980s.