Moderately cute action comedy for young tweens.
You may be surprised at how not torturous [the film is].
The sequel's a caricatured and clichéd yawner. And the tone is all wrong.
Muniz manages to retain his wide-eyed, harried charm, but the film is really a shameful disservice to both him and the family audience which will no doubt turn out in droves to see it.
The only good I sense coming from this Cody Banks film is that it's so bad, we probably won't be seeing any more of them. Call me an optimistic; I live in hope.
A contender for worst film of the year.
There's less charm here than in the original, less self deprecating humour, and more attempts at over-the-top humour that just don't work.
The racial stereotypes trotted out here suggest the scriptwriters reckon Europe and the world is some kind of long-haul Middle Earth for US audiences.
It's harmless, albeit cliché riddled, fun for youngsters, and it doesn't make grown-ups wish they had two hours of their life back.
The original was a kid-friendly film, but the sequel turns the youngsters into jokes.
There's no way your own children deserve something as lifeless and hollow as Agent Cody Banks 2. Unless they're misbehaving really bad, I guess.
Lazy, smug and completely self-satisfied, this half-hearted sequel to Agent Cody Banks swaps Sean Connery suavity for Roger Moore stupidity.
A ho-hum piece of junk.
This is one of those movies that's full of color and almost non-stop action, both of which seem to be an attempt to cover up a woeful lack of plot.
When the high point of your movie involves a Queen Elizabeth lookalike getting down to a Euro-pop version of Edwin Starr's 'War,' something has gone disastrously wrong.
It is credited to three writers, which stuns me, because I know plenty of writers who could have written something this bad single-handedly.
London's calling for CIA Agent Cody Banks (Frankie Muniz), but I wish it were his mom telling him to go to his room.
Really pretty hateful, shooting for the bulk of its laughs at the expense of those wacky foreign kids and the endlessly humiliated Anthony Anderson.
The longtime martial-arts enthusiast in me was officially disturbed by Muniz's phony kung-fu and silly stunt kicks.
In order for the plot to work, all the characters have to be idiots.
Harmless fare, but as bland as an unsalted water cracker.
Creepy and predictable.
As is, for the preteen crowd, this sequel will have enough movement and comedy to satisfy. But there's probably too little of either to justify a Cody 3.
...isn't all bad - but it isn't all good either.
... tedious, forgettable and wholly unnecessary.
I cried 'Please, Lord, make it stop' at about the 90-minute mark -- long after I was numbed into a vegetative state by reheated spy cliches and sub-sophomoric bathroom jokes.
Vapid, banal, humourless, witless; a cynical cash-grab.
This is one franchise that should be grounded before it takes off for any more international forays.
entertaining, but not enough to make you want to root for the characters
A junky, creatively bankrupt rush job of a sequel that has no connection to the original outside of the title character.
Does the unforgivable, condescending to its audience as if the kids wouldn't get it unless everything was laid out on a plate.
Dumbed-down, low-fi sequel to a movie that wasn't all that bright to begin with.
Kids should be reasonably diverted for a couple of hours, but odds are they'll have forgotten the whole thing by the next morning.
A dud that serves up few laughs and fewer thrills.
Here's just about everything a 6-year-old spy would hope to find in a kiddie-espionage flick, with just a twinge of romance, but nothing serious to interrupt Cody's undoubtedly continuing career.
Kids may well find the film diverting, but there's just not a lot of creativity or energy here.
The same young teens who cozied up to the first picture will probably enjoy the sequel, but it won't win many new fans.
The menu of Saturday daytime entertainment is served a bit more sharply than by the last Spy Kids romp.
Although Muniz still has his Tiger Beat looks, his performance is worse than phoned in -- it's text messaged.
An inane sequel.
Even by kiddie-flick standards, this one, directed by Kevin Allen, is astonishingly lame.
Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London should have been stopped at customs -- as family entertainment, it constitutes child abuse.
With lots of cool gadgets, plenty of silliness and a clever concept guaranteed to appeal to preteens, this should be an unflagging, high-octane romp.
As ingenious and lively as the original film.
They are evil and they must be stopped. They being studio production executives who gleefully greenlight a sequel to an OK kid-targeted adventure movie just because they are blinded by flashing dollar signs.
A speedy, gadget-filled adventure with the same overall innocence that will attract parents and children.
After 90 minutes of diligently searching the premises of ACB2, no evidence of mass entertainment can be found.
It seems the people behind the continuation of the Agent Cody Banks story only cared about getting it on the screen before Frankie Muniz looked too old. No wonder a decent story or any good jokes are nowhere to be found here.
Director Kevin Allen offers a lot more gadgets in Cody 2, but surprisingly little in the way of memorable action.
This supposed action-comedy is so staggeringly unfunny, unoriginal and uninspired that its title should have been Agent Cody Banks 2: Contractually Obligated Sequel.
Apart from funny supporting work by the inventor of the Mind Control and the guy in the 'Q' role, the movie is pretty routine.
No matter how adorable you think Muniz is, it's becoming increasingly hard to buy him as a socially inept teenager/spy.
Cody Banks 2 is everything you fear in a sequel and more.
Critics expending a lot of energy on how bad [it] supposedly is need to take a deep breath. We're not the target audience for this silly... spy movie [for] the preteen set.
May be the dumbest thing associated with Anglo-American intelligence since the sexed-up WMD dossier.
Somebody must have used a mind-control device to convince people this was a movie worth making.
An uninspired caper that gains nothing from picture-postcard London backdrops.
...content to exist as a movie that holds appeal only for small kids; parents of said kids will no doubt be scratching their eyes out somewhere around the film's midpoint.
The activity sheets they handed out at the screening I attended were more fun than the movie.
Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London is simply not worth the trip.
Try as it might, this glossy action adventure isn't nearly as clever as the Spy Kids franchise.
Director Kevin Allen, who has more acting than directing credits under his belt, does an admirable job of keeping the pace fast enough that kids are entertained and parents aren't checking their watches every five minutes.
This is as joyless a spy caper as one could devise.
Zzzzzzzzzzz, [drool] zzzzzzzz.
The subversive humor that occasionally brightened Agent Cody Banks is absent from this sophomore effort.
Muniz's considerable charm keeps things moving along briskly, and there's more than enough here to keep pic's target audience engaged.
The story is nothing special -- you could skip the first hour of Cody 2 and not miss a thing, since this is the sort of plot that TV's Kim Possible would get to the bottom of in less than half an hour.
Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London is pure fun.
Muniz is quite winning as a plucky teen who is constantly being thrown into situations over his head. But the usually reliable Anthony Anderson e-mails in his performance as Cody's handler.
A nonsuspenseful and painfully unfunny series of comic stunts that try to have sport with the image of the garrulous American abroad.
A moderately cute action comedy that will satisfy its target audience of 8-14-year-olds.
disposable kid-driven vehicle that has no unique spark or sense of imagination. Destination London is one interminable mission that definitely needs to be aborted
The first Cody Banks worked by playing on the immense gap between secret-agent sophistication and hormonal teenage awkwardness; volume 2 never finds a similar conceit to milk.
The teen Bond's latest mission finds the would-be franchise creatively Banks-rupt.
So, will your kids like this same old song with British scenery? Possibly, if they liked the last one, but a little less-so.
Malcolm loyalists are too sophisticated for this simple script, and fans of the spy genre have so many better options.
If your kid has recently suffered brain damage or undergone a frontal lobotomy, they probably still won't be fooled by this cookie-cutting, lifeless drudge.
That the perpetually leering thugs look like child pornographers is almost beside the point; more problematic is the rampant racism.
Agent Cody Banks: Destination Forgotten Screen Character (hopefully!)
There's just too much spy in young Cody, and too little kid.
What good is saving the world if you can barely save yourself?
This uninspired, maladroit entry should insure that 'Cody' won't be bankable for long, and that his days as a cinematic 'Agent' are numbered.
Clearly nobody involved with Agent Cody Banks 2 cared if it was any good at all. They just cared about cranking it out before the first movie's shelf life expired.
The John Wayne Gacy of films.











@highlight

Young kids may find this London adventure fun, but older kids may find it too simplistic.