The pleasure resides as much in the layers upon layers of references to film history, to Spanish history, to fairytales, to Hollywood entertainment, as it does in its story of a little girl who loses everything.
... this is not a bad film; it's just not a very good one.
Loving, willful anachronism... silent black-and-white fairytale Blancanieves-"a local film for a global market"-retells the familiar tale against a backdrop of bullfighting and flamenco in 1920s Seville, with intermittent roosters and dwarfs.
It's like watching a gorgeous tragi-comic opera written by Dickens and co-directed by Fellini and Almodovar.
The film is exquisitely shot and Macarena Garcia is achingly gorgeous as the fawn-eyed Carmen/Snow White.
A Spanish take on Snow White that picks up where The Artist left off and shows the full elegance of silent filmmaking.
No film this year will look as swooningly beautiful, its deep-focus monochrome vividly rendered by the cinematographer Kiko de la Rica, and not many will sound as good, either, thanks to a score by Alfonso de Vilallong.
Blancanieves is a truly stunning motion picture, the kind of movie that makes you glad the movies exist.
Shooting in crisp black-and-white and with sparse dialogue (on title cards), Berger creates gorgeous scenes that evoke not only the silent era but early '30s horror (including a reference to Tod Browning's Freaks that's oddly endearing).
Berger plays Blancanieves like a game, very carefully monitoring the mood and heightening it or lowering it as needs be.
Blancanieves is fun, funny, and beautiful to look at, with a genuinely surprising and moving ending.
Far from an arthouse gimmick, Blancanieves marries style and story in a way that seems so obvious and fitting that it's a wonder why this film hadn't been made before.
It oddly looks like a cross between a Guy Maddin and Tod Browning flick, one that couldn't keep its straight silent pic pretense without shooting for something more modern.
What Berger does with the actors, the sight gags, the close-ups, the music, the photography is close to perfection.
The best Snow White re-imagining produced in the last few years.
...recreates the broadness of early silent films without capturing their artistry.
This year's crowded field of Snow White movies has a winner, at least in terms of quality, in Pablo Berger's delightful Blancanieves.
Berger, like his rad forebear Luis Bunuel, marries poetry to film.
While the story, shorn of its supernatural elements, is mired in abuse and tragedy, its effect is sensual and superficial.
We're not in Disney's world. Berger knows his Grimm, and he suffuses his entrancing fairy tale with a moving sense of melancholy.
From Spain, here's a miracle of fairy tale repurposing: a version of the Brothers Grimm's "Snow White," set in Spanish bullfighting country in the late 1920s. Writer-director Pablo Berger's Blancanieves goes all the way with its concept, and then further.
Alfonso de Vilallonga's music isn't mere accompaniment, it's a score with rich emotional resonance. The silents, as this film suggests, achieved aesthetic marvels before sound came along to set things back for a while.
Had Berger gone deeper into Rafita's sad passion he might have passed beyond the safe frontiers of Disney and into the twisted realm of Buñuel.
If you're looking for visual kicks, this offers plenty.
It's a sumptuously told tale, shot with painterly visuals and edited with a cool, melodic rhythm.
Given all the hoo-haa over The Artist - did it really win Oscars for Best Film, Director & Actor? 'Fraid so. - it's a surprise this splendid Spanish silent retelling of Snow White hasn't drawn more plaudits.
This is a beautiful film to watch.
Inspired, perhaps, by The Artist, writer/director/producer Pablo Berger's handsome Spanish production (with English subtitles) updates the Grimm Brothers Snow White tale to the world of 1920s bullfighting - and, well, why not?
An absolute delight: a thrillingly unpredictable romp that entertains with joyful and mischievous abandon.
This is a beautiful film
Bitter sweet moments are a-plenty and I still have a lump in my throat from the unforgettable final scene
Suitably dark for a film with barely concealed undercurrents of child abuse and necrophilia. Fans of Mirror Mirror need not apply.
"Blancanieves" is not as charming as "The Artist," but it's more sincerely a work of true silent cinema.
It hardly needs to be said that this fairytale is not really intended for children. In truth, few fairytales are.
Wittily, ingeniously and movingly conflates the Grimm fairytale of Snow White and the story of Carmen.
What makes this so entrancing is Berger's mastery of image and tone, and the wondrous combination of glistening monochrome cinematography, evocative production design, glorious costumes and an exceptional score from Alfonso de Vilallonga.
Pablo Berger's brainchild is truly enchanting.
For all his command of ambitious and playful narrative ingenuity and apt technical flair, Berger's study in demonised female vanity and the power of true beauty favours atmosphere over frenzy - and achieves it in striking fashion.
A wonderfully atmospheric, deeply romantic film.
It feels saturated with pleasure: it is extremely pleasurable to watch, and shows every sign of having been extremely pleasurable to make.
This exquisite Spanish take on the Snow White fairy tale is in a different league from Hollywood's two recent attempts to retell the story: it's clever, artistic and emotionally thrilling
Blancanieves is a makeweight project, but its modest pleasures linger in the mind.
Will we soon get a movie every year, or every month, devoted to actors in silent-cinema slap doing kitschy dumb play to music-accompanied monochrome?
Will amuse and delight anyone who enjoys the Snow White story but always felt it needed more bullfighting. Happily, it will amuse and delight almost everyone else into the bargain.
It's so well shot that you can't quite believe that everything is actually in colour in real life.
Gorgeous: lush with creamy black-and-white photography and bursting with passion...
Hugely entertaining, amusingly gothic silent movie pastiche with imaginative direction, a darkly funny script, terrific characters and the best animal performance you'll see all year.
The running time is a bit indulgent, but the journey is delightful.
Comfortably tops its bigger-budgeted contemporaries by every possible measure: it's more fun, more stylish and decidedly more memorable.
Strange and moody.... Cinema buffs will find it an intriguing curio, though.
Berger's stunning, if slightly overlong, film captures just how effective silent-era storytelling can still be.
Blancanieves is painstakingly crafted, emotionally gripping at times, and more authentically Grimm than most interpretations, and it puts a slightly unsettling new spin on Prince Charming and the proverbial happily-ever-after ending.
The Brothers Grimm would have been surprised, possibly amused.
The film is -- to understate the matter -- overconceptualized.
A sensual and sophisticated retelling of a beloved fairytale re-imagined as a homage to European silent cinema, Spanish writer-director Pablo Berger's black-and-white Blancanieves will leave you transfixed.
Like The Artist, Blancanieves is delightfully novel, but it also feels trapped by its innovative gimmickry.
A boldly conceived fairy tale from Spain
Succeeds in all its cinematic experiments
The story might be familiar, but Berger's film is so beautifully shot and so wonderfully scored - and so distinctively Spanish - that it stands as its own film.
Blancanieves holds to the structure, but not strictures, of the source fairy tale.
A new, purely silent movie from Spain that never once speaks and doesn't need to speak. What's more, it seems to get the infinite possibilities of silence, and how much passion can come from it.
Berger's film doesn't show loyalty to any traditional version of Snow White. Berger's Blancanieves takes a darker approach, which seems appropriate.
A completely enchanting fairy tale about the vicissitudes of fate, in live action and glorious black and white.
The fun in the Spanish "Blancanieves" is the way it plays with our expectations.
Most films are experiences to be ignored or at best forgotten. "Blancanieves" is a little classic to be treasured.
It is a full-bodied silent film of the sort that might have been made by the greatest directors of the 1920s, if such details as the kinky sadomasochism of this film's evil stepmother could have been slipped past the censors.
May not have much depth to its characters or particular surprise, but its lovely depiction of family's ability to harm and mend has the flair of flamenco and the sorrow of opera.
No, "Blancanieves" isn't subtle, but it's an unforgettable time at the movies.
Inspired filmmaking steeped in the imagery of silent film history, a dark Iberian strain of Roman Catholicism and the magic of fairy tales.
... lusty and heartfelt, fiery flamenco and spirited country jig. Don't go expecting a Disney-fied fable. Berger seasons with S&M and the kind of macabre touches you'd expect in vintage Browning or Bunuel.
If not for some faintly disturbing imagery and a pleasingly feminist heroine, you could mistake this for a movie actually made in the 1920s (and even those two factors weren't utterly unknown then).
A loving tribute to European silent films of the 1920s; a reminder that cinema need not be constrained by words.
By the time the film arrives at its grand theatrical finale, you're almost prepared for Berger's last great twist. Almost.
this beautifully shot and imaginatively told fairy tale should be seen my many, but only a few will likely get to enjoy it. This is a shame for the audience it is intended for.
Blancanieves, which won 10 Goyas (Spain's equivalent of the Oscars) and was a smash hit in its native Spain, has traces of a kinky undertone and an uncommon willingness to embrace the darkness inherent in this fairy tale.
This film is simply gorgeous, pure beauty on film, a vision that leaves you breathless and reeling.
As if bewitched, the legend of Snow White is transferred to Seville in the early twentieth century and transformed into high melodrama.
Much of the film's emotion is conveyed by Alfonso de Vilallonga's music, which celebrates Spain with uptempo guitar and flamenco when it isn't tipping its hat to Bernard Herrmann during a scene inspired by Hitchcock.
A visual feast, a musical masterpiece and a heartbreaking romance.
Sensuous, mischievous, hotblooded retelling of the old Teutonic fairy tale.
The actors are well-chosen and make you forget the lack of dialogue, especially with the artful support of Alfonso de Vilallonga's music.
This gorgeous silent film is an unexpected gift from the gods of pure cinema.
The purest, boldest re-imagining of silent cinema yet.
It creates something new out of something old. And it does it by treating a treasured children's story with the grown-up respect it deserves, and retelling it with a smile - but never a wink.
Overall, Blancanievesis a minor achievement in the annals of Snow White re-tellings, but not an insignificant one.
An invigorating, breathtaking and crowd-pleasing experience that feels nourishing for your mind, body and soul. It's destined to become a sleeper hit.
By the time Blancanieves has grown up and met the dwarves (who allow [writer-director Pablo] Berger to reference Buñuel and Fellini and, a bit predictably, 'Freaks'), the film has achieved stratospheric levels of weirdness.
A grotesquely beautiful new take on the Snow White fable by Spanish writer-director Pablo Berger.
In an attempt to be both modern and traditional, this gorgeously made film ends up betwixt and between.
"Blancanieves" deftly blends cinematic antiquarianism, period atmosphere and primal emotions.
Often amusing silent black-and-white take on the classic "Snow White" tale impresses not much beyond being another visually impactful homage to period silents.
Blancanieves' plot is gimmicky, but Berger mainly uses it as a line on which to hang one craftily shot and cut setpiece after another ...
Pablo Berger digs for emotional intensity in his gothic retelling of Snow White and only uncovers layers of gloss.
...isn't about the deteriorating commercial hoopla surrounding silent cinema a la "The Artist" but rather a pure celebration of the medium's power.
A bold re-imagining of the Grimm Brothers' Snow White legend transmitted in exquisite black and white with upbeat paso dobles and flamenco rhythms
So witty, riveting, and drop-dead gorgeous that moviegoers may forget to notice that they can't hear the dialogue.
Verdú so fully dominates the drama as the gold-digging stepmother-all arched eyebrows and curled lips-that you wonder how much we've lost in the transition to sound.
The final sequences - including the odd, unsettling epilogue - are truly beautiful, shot stunningly by Kiko de la Rica and scored by Alfonso de Vilallonga. And all of it is wordless. That's magic.
A humorous, heartbreaking return to old moviegoing habits, using fairy tale inspiration to emphasize heroes and villains while retaining a bittersweet quality that keeps the effort earthbound.
It moves slowly at times and the strictures of its classic story keep it from expanding into the joyous sense of rediscovery we got from The Artist. In its own way, though, it's a classic.
A beautiful and accomplished film.
A stark, romantic and beautifully executed version of the Grimm fairy tale.
Although much of the action is played for dark comedy, Berger undercuts his pastiche with unexpected poignancy at key moments.
Blancanieves is a beautifully crafted, if not entirely successful throwback to a golden age of filmmaking from nearly a century ago, a lovely excursion back to a previous era.
[One among many] the moment of suspense as shiny Red Delicious meets sweet lips is truly chilling.

@highlight

Smartly written and beautiful to behold, Blancanieves uses its classic source material to offer a dark tale, delightfully told.