Is there love in the air for our toe-tapping duo? Could this be any more predictable?
It provides exactly what its fans expect and want from it but even as an unabashed lover of cheesy, terribly acted dance films, this reviewer was shocked at just how enjoyable this one was.
The ubiquitous product placements tend to undercut the anti-corporate speechifying.
Despite the fact that there are four choreographers listed on the IMDB credits, even a few of the routines felt flat.
The dancing is the one thing - and I mean the ONE THING - that the film has going for it, and it's not showcased as well as it should be.
The story is sappy and predictable... But the dancing has a freshness and vibrancy that's infectiously enjoyable.
Many of the old tropes and gimmicks from the previous films are recycled into an all-too-familiar plotline: An edgy, streetwise guy falls for a classy, upper-crust sweetie, and together they dance their way past obstacle after obstacle.
The Step Up franchise has never been noted for its astute screenwriting, but this instalment sets the bar so low that even its bendy cast members would have trouble limboing under it
99.99% of Step Up Revolution is the most entertaining movie of the year so far. But oh, that 0.01%...
[A] poorly scripted, energetically performed hip-hop musical in which a team of young dancers take to the streets of Miami hoping to publicise themselves and get rich.
One can't help but feel that if the franchise hasn't jumped the shark it's certainly stepping over a finned killer fish with abandon. Damn. We've been served.
Great routines, silly story but it still delivers infectious, energetic 3-D escapism.
Plausibility aside, Speer's film is undemanding fun.
Director Scott Speer doesn't quite manage to ruin it all with his hyperactive editing. So just sit back and enjoy the choreography - and the year's most risibly idiotic plotline.
The Step Up dance franchise steps up for a fourth time, unashamedly and unselfconsciously sticking to a tried and trusted formula, here transplanted to Miami.
[T]he dancing fantastic... the sexy is unusually positive... [but] the moment the dancing stops, it all stumbles into the howlingly ridiculous...
The new leads are as factory‑farm gorgeous as ever, and the movie's alcopop fizz and snappy choreography save the day as usual.
Anyone who loves watching any kind of dance (and, based on the popularity of the TV shows "So You Think You Can Dance" and "Dancing With The Stars," there are a few of you who do) will find something to appreciate and admire.
Nothing much here that you couldn't experience by watching 20 minutes of music television.
Enjoyable fourth instalment of the popular franchise that succeeds thanks to stunning dance sequences, appealing leads and a script that actually has something to say ...
The fourth in the series of frenetic dance films is as formulaic as ever.
All the dancing is mesmerising, with highly original set pieces, contemporary routines and a sort of revolutionary organised chaos that will definitely appeal to the teen demographic most likely to go and watch these films.
Step Up Revolution is an exercise in extremes--when the characters aren't busy crying over the same ol', same ol', they're dancing in some of the most unique, exciting setups ever produced that will make your eyes pop out of your head.
It's equal parts 'Flashdance,' 'Burlesque' and 'Lambada', all parts ludicrous - but we aren't here for the story any more than we watch Béla Tarr for the salsa numbers.
In a world stuffed with film franchises, the Step Up series is clearly one of the smartest and deserves far more respect than it typically gets for knowing its audience so intuitively.
Sadly, the latest entry in the seemingly interminable franchise offers more of the same contrived scenarios.
Who knew dance could save Miami? Beyond the dancing (which is good), the story seems created for a 5th grader.
Basically, if you were to make a Frankenstein's monster from the premises of Tower Heist and Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo, you'd get Step Up 4.
If you watch it just for the dancing you will be pleased; if you want a good plot and charismatic actors you will be disappointed.
Ultimately, we remain unconvinced of Step Up's anti-capitalist credentials. Especially after that hilariously inept Nike plug in the final scene.
The only reason people watch movies within this formulaic genre is to enjoy the well-choreographed dance numbers. On that note, this film delivers.
Very probably the worst of the four, though not by a huge margin and "the worst Step Up movie" is not anyway a very meaningful statement one way or another.
... the series rises again to the mediocrity it attained in the first two movies.
Nobody buys a ticket to see a Step Up movie expecting to hear Harold Pinter-esque dialogue or to decipher elaborate plots. That's why they're titled 'Step Up' instead of 'Speak Up' or 'Think Deeply.'
If you can enjoy the dance numbers and ignore the rest, it can be fun.
Using contempo flash mob dazzle with eye-boggling dance routines laced with sensuality ... the film delivers everything you expect and plenty more. It's hot in Miami and the dance moves sizzle
Fleet-footed yet formulaic and forgettable
The dancing just gets better with every entry. This one leads off with a cheeky flash mob that is so joyously kinetic even the cars leap up to get into the act.
These movies are like the Transformers franchise, with dancing instead of robots. No one's seeing it for the plot, characters, story, depth, dialogue or acting.
one of the great movies of the summer, because it provides the kind of pure, visceral enjoyment that audiences want... whether you're marveling at the ambition of its dance sequences, or thrilling at how well they happen to be shot.
The story is a collection of clichés but the actors are likable, good-looking, and know how to dance.
A feature-length music video would have eliminated the need for actors reciting lines and for a script that is aggressively stupid and incoherent.
Fabulous dancing but a dumb plot. Even predictable isn't normally this predictable. And there's so much eye candy in this one, I was worried about getting a cavity.
There's too much color and energy and frenzy in this movie to discount it entirely, but it has a disconcerting tendency to undercut its best notions with some singularly awful moves.
Dance movie is formulaic but boasts some fun sequences.
Spectacle works if you can keep it cohesive and making sense, but Speer and his editor chop his dance sequences together like one shot doesn't affect the other.
The dance sequences are thrilling and eye-popping and worth the price of admission if this is your thing. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
You almost have to see Step Up Revolution to know how idiotic it truly is.
With the most wooden leads of the series to date - an MMA fighter and a "So You Think You Can Dance" alum - the drama between the dancing has never felt more interminable.
"Step Up: You've Seen All This Before" would be more accurate, but Summit Entertainment's marketing department knows that wouldn't help sell tickets.
Delivers plenty of spectacular fancy footwork in what is otherwise a flat-footed fantasy.
The result is admittedly terrific choreography, punctuated with the most laughable dialogue and plotting in the entire series.
While dance purists won't be impressed by the energetic and athletic choreography -- the dancers have clearly learned routines but not necessarily technique -- date-movie audiences will likely want to go out dancing afterward themselves, and that's fun.
The choreography is solid throughout, but director Scott Speer gets in his own way every time, relentlessly shifting camera angles to close-ups and reaction shots when he should be letting us witness the spectacle.
Easily the best entry in the surprisingly financially successful dance franchise.
There isn't a franchise around that matches the kids' moves in the Step Up series. We just need a better reason to dance along.
No one goes to a "Step Up" movie for the plot or the romance. Only the dancing matters here.
Busby Berkeley would have approved of the hijinks director Scott Speer gets up to with his 3D cameras
It seems only fair to start with the one thing that's right with it: It's not dead. It should be, but it's not.
Though the location-specific choreography looks like it could be impressive, the film's frantic cutting style makes it difficult to simply enjoy bodies moving in space.
"Step Up Revolution" is the series' "Live Free or Die Hard": There are more explosions and the stakes are laughably higher.
Will the next "Step Up" tackle the cutting-edge trend of planking?
Contrary to its message, it will not change the world. But the dancing will make you sit up and take notice.
The plot is pure boilerplate, yet the draw of this franchise has always been its fancy footwork, and the movie's stuttering, herky-jerky spectacles of impassioned movement are pretty extraordinary.
At its best, it embodies emotion through movement.
Not as cringe-worthy as you would expect from the fourth "Step Up" installment.
Several steps below the original--which was no great shakes to begin with.
Sadly, somewhere between a split and a fist pump, Revolution fell flat, and I found myself wishing for Magic Mike in 3-D.
Isn't the worst of the series, but it's the laziest, doing away with any type of dramatic substance and basic elements of logic to forge ahead as an extended music video.
Despite their infectious energy and some mind-blowing moves, there's a chaotic formlessness to even the best of these set pieces
In short, it's nothing you haven't seen countless times before and, while it's not offensively bad, it also adds zero to the same old routine. Meh.
She's a rich daddy's girl! He's from the wrong side of the tracks! They bridge their socio-economic gap through the power of dance! Rinse, repeat.
[It] has a threadbare plot and marginal acting from its stars. But unlike the third movie, all the razzmatazz makes up for it this time.
The movie sprints nimbly from production number to production number, and most of the time, the actors keep their mouths shut.
This third sequel features the most frequent, energetically choreographed and performed dance numbers of the series to date. And that's really all you need to know, aside from the fact that the multicultural cast is uniformly fit, pretty and limber.
[Guzman and McCormick] zero acting experience - and it shows. Same goes for the first-time movie director, Scott Speer, who can't coax even a passable performance from his amateurish cast...
If no one behind the scenes cared enough about the padding around the money sequences to make it original, believable, or interesting, why is there so much of it?
Some of the highly-choreographed dance scenes are enjoyable, though the hang around way too long. But whenever the music stops and the characters try to talk to each other, it's pure death.
The sunniest and most entertaining of these silly kids-gotta-dance musicals.
"Step Up: Revolution" is the fourth of the "Step Up" movies, a series of unconnected stories that serve as showcases for the kinds of young stars who sincerely hope they'll soon be in better movies.
While the editing creates a sense of frantic momentum, it's also dizzying and disorienting.
While some of the dances are exciting and the performers likeable, the tale is formulaic and cliche-ridden to the point of boredom.
The film busts a fierce move but never relishes the unique cultural essence that its gentrifying baddie threatens to snuff out.
Step Up Revolution is a bad movie with a few good moments, usually when the cast sets aside delusions of acting prowess and does what comes naturally to them, which is to look pretty and perform smartly choreographed seizures.
More is not necessarily better, even when it comes to hot bodies and smooth dance moves.
Step Up Revolution, the fourth entry in the venerable dance franchise, is a narrative failure but a triumph of sheer spectacle.
Graceful in their movements, wooden in their emoting, the film's stars dance with such propulsive confidence that one is almost willing to forgive the story's many cliches.







@highlight

Step Up Revolution treads familiar territory by surrounding its lively and kinetic dance sequences with a predictably generic story.