A strong support cast (featuring Bridesmaids trio Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph and Chris O'Dowd) are just as amusing as the leads.
Blends the disparate tones---dirty, sweet, funny and flailing---into a largely compelling, wholly watchable modern movie.
The actress and director offers a few good questions to the audience... [Full review in Spanish]
There is so much wrong with the film Friends with Kids that it's actually hard to choose just one thing.
Westfeldt has shackled herself to such a lame gimmick that there's scarcely room to breathe.
Surprisingly funny and wickedly smart, this romantic dramedy soars.
As she did with her first script, the gender-bending 'Kissing Jessica Stein,' Westfeldt goes for something radical and winds up pulling her punches when things start getting interesting.
Trying to figure what is the most offensive thing about this accidental mashup of 70s Woody Allen and Sex and the City...
Movies of this genre normally want you to root for the couple to end up together. All this one had me doing was hoping that someone would smack them upside the head and talk some sense into them.
Ultimately, Friends With Kids is an unconventional family drama that uses conventional romantic comedy clichés to make its point.
I'd rather have my head stuck in a vise than be forced to sit through another viewing.
Friends with Kids is funny and likable and while the dialogue is often bawdy and sexually frank, its elements are completely fairytale, including a climax involving a cross-town dash.
Adam Scott takes the leading male role as Jason Fryman. Were such a thing possible, he looks like he could be the son of Tom Cruise and Michael Sheen, minus their celebrity baggage.
Westfeldt's screenplay is often sharp, shrewd and funny...
Sure this is going to draw some comparisons to Bridesmaids - and understandably so - but still there are some great performances and touching moments.
Friends With Kids is a smart, witty and potty-mouthed confection that uses an intriguing premise as a hook for a familiar tale of soulmates who are blinkered to the deep love that binds them.
Friends With Kids is a smart, witty and potty-mouthed confection that uses an intriguing premise as a hook for a familiar tale of soulmates who are blinkered to the deep love that binds them.
If the leads ultimately conform to rom-com type, there's enough messiness, heartbreak and hurt around them to stop the movie becoming cosily bland.
It's conventional, dull and unconsciously nasty.
If you see this on at the cinema, walk on by.
It's left to the wonderful Scott, with his satyr's face and killer timing, to carry the movie through thick and thin.
Sadly the film then downhill-races to a feelgood, feel-inauthentic ending. But for 90 of 107 minutes it is cracklingly good.
It's difficult to muster the will to get behind these fools, and yet there are stretches where Westfeldt's script glows, such as an expertly executed dinner-table fracas, which manages to engage the entire ensemble.
It's hardly a relatable scenario but there's something compelling about it all the same as these two not wholly sympathetic characters try and have their cake and eat it.
While this results in some genuine moments of truth, most scenes feel forced to fit the standard rom-com template.
Friends With Kids is the story of two best friends who discuss having a child together even though they are not a couple.
Enjoyable, well written relationship comedy making some astute observations and providing terrific performances from a superb cast, though the initially promisingly offbeat script ultimately lacks the courage to kick against convention.
Starring much of the Bridesmaids troupe, this film shares with that movie a coarse sense of humour skilfully blended with the underlying theme that stability trumps flakiness and that...family values really do rule.
Jennifer Westfeldt continues to forge a strong reputation as a writer of humanist romance.
It's safe to assume its sharp comments on what kids can do to marriage - and friendships - come from years of observation.
It benefits from a supernaturally engaging cast, but this treads too closely to the rom-com model to feel as smart or moving as Westfeldt's previous best.
With a hilariously smart script and a terrific cast, this romantic comedy rises far above the pack, engaging us emotionally and intellectually while offering some telling observations on the state of modern relationships.
Smart dialogue, a gifted ensemble and good intentions from Jennifer Westfeldt, but her grown-up romcom can't quite escape feeling like a sitcom on the big screen.
In the film's favour is the fantastic cast, which includes Edward Burns, Kristen Wiig and a particularly on-form Jon Hamm.
There's a bit of ballast in this romcom that is quite satisfying.
There's much to like here but it's a bumpy ride and for all its banter, it takes itself very seriously.
Friends with Kids is as satisfying as rom-coms get. It's sharply scripted, populated with authentic and likeable characters and takes instinctive turns toward and away from cliché that keep you on your toes.
Getting the best of the laughs is the underrated Adam Scott who as Jason, is never afraid to share what's on his mind.
...a talky and sometimes witty romantic comedy that, at least for a while, serves as a bracing antidote to all those irritating, stroller-pushing Sacred Baby couples who seem to be everywhere, even in upscale restaurants, these days.
A smart, engaging, adult comedy that is as comfortable being acerbically honest as it is being, ultimately, rather old-fashioned.
After three months of films in 2012, 'Friends with Kids' is the best.
A trendy sitcom of a movie substitutes banter for real depth
This is a movie that flirts with romantic and comedic clichés but for the most part brings a fresh perspective as it dives under and around obvious traps.
Obviously heartfelt and unusually sharp-sighted, Friends With Kids is good enough that you wish it were better.
Westfeldt tells what should be an all too familiar tale with a subversively refreshing take on what constitutes love and romance
The climax sent me out of the theatre scratching my head, and even though I enjoyed the majority this isn't exactly the sort of reaction I'm guessing the writer/director was hoping for.
A repeat viewing might temper my anger toward the final five minutes, but for now, what could have sailed through 2012 as one of its best films will have to settle for prominent placement in the also-ran column.
Jennifer Westfeldt and friends ask: Do children ruin every relationship? No, just many of them.
I'm not sure what the point of Friends with Kids is.
Westfeldt tries with all her might to ensure that the film is socially and romantically "edgy" by ridiculing anything that might smack of old-fashioned, middle American morality and dowsing us with the characters' unquestioned narcissism
Mature relationship dramedy heartfelt, but also cliched.
Grows before our eyes into something deeper and more satisfying than a standard chick flick.
Edgy and amusing, distinguished primarily for its timely, perceptive observations about the nature of friendship and the definition of family in the 21st century.
... lots of knowing laughs along the way ...
It's never a good sign when the supporting cast is the most interesting thing about your movie, but when your supporting cast is almost the entire cast of Bridesmaids (minus Melissa McCarthy), it's almost inevitable.
The first smart, sexy and sophisticated romantic comedy since 500 Days of Summer. Finally, a romcom for adults!
Another perceptive take on modern relationships by triple threat Westfeldt.
Westfeldt's sloppy love letter to herself and corralled Hamm's friends to help sell it.
This uneven serio-comedy about the impact of parenthood on identities, lifestyles and frienships is too much like a TV sitcom, only occasionally witty and timely in illuminating the way we live now.
An exploration of the results such a situation could bring ... [T]hose results are admittedly predictable and formulaic.
Westfeldt does have a gift for navel-gazing gab, and the scenes of her friends and their offspring are as funny as they are horrific.
Pleasant but overfamiliar.
Unfortunately, the culmination of the story is unsatisfactory and predictable.
For the audience, it is never a case of caring if Jules and Jason eventually raise a child together. It's far more important how they get there.
Sitcom-amusing, in that middle-of-the-road way.
Friends with Kids is not a lecture, though -- rather, a romantic comedy for adults for whom issues like family planning are a reality.
It's the kind of cutesy idea that doesn't ring remotely true.
This is a sharp, funny, touching and utterly winning slice of New York.
Honest and frequently very funny even if the humor sometimes feels forced. Unspools like a younger, raunchier Woody Allen film, especially in light of its lovingly-shot NYC setting.
Westfeldt clearly illustrates the various hurdles in parenting and relationships...in the priviledged world of successful New Yorkers.
It's a mildly provocative and insightful effort that maintains an effectively playful approach to its subject matter.
Two friends, surrounded by parenting pals, decide to do it platonically and you can see the ending coming a mile away in this forced farce, with intermittent moments of hilarity and truth.
[A] crass, shallow cash-in.
Imagine - a romantic comedy that's actually both. It's been a long, long time.
The candid sexual conversations define this as a film made by, and for, adults...but who says grownups don't want romantic fulfillment in movies?
Fans of Parks and Recreation and Party Down will enjoy watching [Adam] Scott build on his comic persona from those two shows.
The 1st 2 acts are rife with such smart humor, it hurts when the last 3rd devolves. If only Westfeldt had managed to keep rom-com convention at bay, she could have birthed a much brighter baby.
Most of the easy cliches suggested by that premise are sidestepped, which is almost miraculous.
Friends with Kids doesn't really understand kids very well. It also doesn't understand the friends. This entire world is about Julie and Jason. And even then, their neurosis and emotional entanglements seem a bit too... written.
Scott is terrific, his ironic detachment slowly sliding away into self-knowledge as his character gradually comes into focus.
It is our loss, as a movie-going collective, that we're only getting a new Jennifer Westfeldt movie every five or so years.
Whom is this movie for, really? It's too tame for the whooping crowds of women who made hits of the Sex and the City movies and Bridesmaids. And for sure it isn't for parents with kids.
It's funny without being ridiculous, sweet without turning sentimental, even though it involves parenthood.
[Westfeldt] makes a promising directorial debut with this good-natured dramedy, boosted in large part by an outstanding ensemble.
When it works, it works well, and there are several laugh-out-loud moments and a couple of believably tender scenes.
"Friends with Kids" goes on a beat or two too long, and lands in the obvious place, but it's filled with smarts and laughs and passion.
Credit Westfeldt, who is also the writer and director, with a classic setup for farce, brightly executed.
Too many sequences feel generic, from the unexamined privilege that serves as the movie's cultural backdrop to the now-requisite scene of a man changing a diaper while covered in baby poop.
Jennifer Westfeldt's observant writing keeps things grounded and the strong performances root the movie in truthful emotions
The movie survives its sizable flaws thanks to a lot of heart and winning performances by its lead actors.
Feels like vintage Woody Allen, and that's a very good thing, indeed.
In the crumbling passion of a once hot-to-trot couple (a perfect Kristen Wiig and Jon Hamm), [it] locates a jagged heart that no amount of zingers can surpass.
It offers the rare combination of romance, humor, an inventive conceit and social relevance, without adhering slavishly to rom-com conventions.
Not even the outcome's predictability (hint: romantic comedies have happy endings) can dampen the frothy results.
At its warm heart, "Friends with Kids" is a funny, grown-up love story (very grown-up; the language in the final scene will raise some eyebrows) about people we enjoy hanging out with, and who seem like people we already know.
There's a framework for a fun comedy here, but no one says anything witty and none of the characters emerge as anything resembling a real person with bigger problems than the kind of babies-are-a-handful stuff that Erma Bombeck once built a career out of.
Westfeldt is the pulse of Friends With Kids, presenting us with life in all of its vibrant, messy sprawl.
Just as predictable and contrived as any Hollywood romantic comedy, only without the advantage of amusing comic relief to distract from the thuddingly obvious plotting.
Even as it zeros in on radical shifts in the mechanics and mores of parenthood, it sits quite comfortably in a well-worn romantic-comedy groove.
It's shrill in tone, awash in unexamined narcissism-kids are just pretexts for laughs, rather than objects of love-and afflicted by explosive verbal diarrhea.
It's all meant to be a cutting- edge examination of changing times, non-traditional breeding/parenting, but to my eyes there wasn't enough here to distinguish Julie and Jason from their co-habitating friends.
This movie swerves from fantasy to nightmare. It doesn't feel like the story a wife and mother would volunteer to tell about herself.
In her directorial debut, writer Jennifer Westfeldt has single-handedly restored both the romance and comedy to the sadly abused romantic comedy genre.
Confirms that the RomCom is not really dead.
This is a premise suited for sitcoms and a cast primed for improvisation, yet the movie never slips into either feel, keeping it bluntly real about sex and sticking to a briskly written script.
Friends With Kids is little more than a well-written and nicely delivered feature-length sitcom.
The horror that real-life parents survive every day is far too frightening for any movie monster, but "Friends With Kids" unearths humor amid all the gory details.
This retread of recent rom-coms, with yakky aspirations to Woody Allen, is none the edgier for Westfeldt's indie roots and hip cast. In fact, it's maddeningly conventional and clichéd.
It has moments, but it's more of a drag than the zippy supporting cast would suggest.
At least Westfeldt is trying. She tries hard to make this a grown-up version of the romantic-comedy formula, complete with dirty jokes and sex talk.
Like an acquaintance couple's baby pictures, "Friends With Kids" induces coos but isn't as cute as they think.
A smart, sexy and honest ensemble comedy about parenthood and relationship issues with a 24-karat cast.
Never as funny as I wanted it to be...still, a smart romantic comedy that should amuse both halves of the couples who see it on date night.
Harry and Sally are tired of this.
I can't think of a better onscreen depiction of the feeling of being forsaken and forgotten by the ultimate clique - parents - than the one in writer/director Jennifer Westfeldt's bright, quick-witted Friends with Kids.
Westfeldt has a tendency to go over the top, and Friends With Kids in particular has a shrill, smug edge that kills the comedy and the drama alike.
A smooth but frustrating third feature with an extremely good ensemble cast.
There must be a better reason to have a baby than to provide a plot point in a rom-com. Don't you think?
...the film takes a tonal detour, veering from indie-inflected city comedy with Woody Allen undertones to something reminiscent of the work of Nicole Holofcener.
Westfeldt is so radiant, decent and likable that you, too, will fall in love with her.
The observations about parenthood, pro and con, are quick and smart, and Scott effortlessly steals the show, softening Westfeldt's brittle cuteness.
A funny and emotionally credible story of old college friends who decide to have a baby together while maintaining their single lives.
Even though Friends With Kids is not a movie everyone will identify with, it fills 107 minutes with enough visual popcorn to keep you satisfied.
Eventually grows unreasonably contrived, leaving the intriguing discomfort of the titular combination behind to work stale romantic comedy moves that would cause even Kate Hudson to dry heave.
While it isn't the genre-breaking work it's being pitched as, it's a work of some note all the same.
Respectfully pokes fun at the ups and downs of life all while making this fictional story feel very real resulting in a particularly satisfying experience.
Let's give Westfeldt her due for making this completely hidebound, moralistic and sentimental yarn feel somewhat fresh and contemporary.
An independent ensemble drama that's as conventional as any studio product...promises to be different but is, sadly, extremely familiar.
The movie's multitasking creator seems to have bitten off more then she can chew. Her friends should have advised "baby steps."
Just as Friends With Kids compares unfavorably to Westfeldt's earlier effort, her cast members' previous projects further highlight this film's shortcomings.
Although the comic riffs about parenting and alternative families easily rep the pic's sharpest dialogue and strike a chord with more mature audiences, they coexist uneasily with Westfeldt's inclusion of a cruder brand of humor.
It's polished to the point of shallow glossiness -- it could benefit from being a little rougher, a little messier.
With the foul-mouthed, largely feminine dramedy Friends with Kids, writer/producer/director/star Jennifer Westfeldt is juggling so much, it's a wonder there aren't more jokes about balls.
Given the title, it's remarkable how little space is granted to the offspring, who are introduced as excretory machines, sex-blocking irritants, and occasional simpering angels, but never as beings unto themselves.
Westfeldt takes a topic full of complex emotional shadings and turns it into something that is, for the most part, reductive, cliched and even sitcommy.
It should draw upscale adult audiences looking for a sophisticated romp to rescue them from the spring cinema doldrums.
Westfeldt, now 42, belongs to a generation (and class) of people for whom nothing about having kids is easy. Her intensity feels just right -- better than in any film I've seen in years -- for How We Breed Now.
Likeable and astute, Friends with Kids is a minor revelation in a genre currently starved for worthwhile entries.
The rather sitcom-like nature of the movie's execution is offset by the pervasively affable atmosphere...
Friends with Kids takes an unusual romantic premise and explores it in satisfying and perceptive depth.
Jennifer Westfeldt once again proves she has a way of examining aspects of everyday life that can be appreciated even by those not in that same situation.
A charming and sophisticated comedy.
[Westfeldt a] better filmmaker than she is a movie star; the sharply observed comedy...would have been better served with Westfeldt in a supporting role, with the underutilized Kristen Wiig in the lead.
A romantic comedy that takes time to find its groove but steadily accumulates heart and humor.



@highlight

Sharp, shrewd, and funny, Friends with Kids features excellent performances that help smooth over some of the story's more conventional elements.