With nothing to offset the persistent minimalism, we're left with a film that does too much of what it's doing and not enough of anything else.
Nothing about Leap Year plays out exactly like you expect, and Rowe prefers to send you home with enigmatic questions instead of clear-cut answers.
"Leap Year" might be too much for some audiences, but it is a potent and surprising work.
... A satisfying psychosexual drama, even-handed in its criticism of both bucolic and metropolitan society.
Del Carmen's sort of the shadow version of Anna Magnani. Emotionally frail, slumbering, and nearly inarticulate, yet hungry, seething, and Earth-Motherish. A powerful performance in one of the most explicit and shocking films of the past several years.
It's a gripping, mysterious use of no-budget cinema at its finest, and an intimate character study with surprising emotional power.
To Rowe's credit, this isn't just a movie about sex. It's a compassionate study of human loneliness.
A haunting portrait of loneliness in its starkest state.
It's not because of the amount of sex and nudity that the word "daring" comes to mind in describing Mónica del Carmen's performance, a combination of subtle vulnerability and abandonment.
Shocks only with its candor and complete lack of dramatic manipulation.
quiet, heartbreaking
Leap Year lets actions speak louder than words, and the actions here are shockingly explicit.
Like peanut butter and chocolate or Catholicism and guilt, few things go together better than sex and violence...
There are trifling signs of freshmanship, but also a steady observant eye, and in the end Leap Year bears heartbreaking witness to hopeless depression, isolation, and the failure of sex as few movies ever have.
Something wicked this way comes in Michael Rowe's Leap Year, a character study of outstanding subtlety and fierce aesthetic exactitude.
From Mexico, this bold and yet subtle film is so bracingly realistic that at times we begin worrying about the central actress.
A tough but humane and affecting watch.
It's an intense, powerful and at times deeply painful movie, a serious exercise in sexual politics, and Mónica del Carmen as Laura gives an outstanding, brave performance.
It shows what you can do when emotional understanding and storytelling craft become the ruling factors in a project, filtered through performers who can truly do the material justice.
A disturbing debut feature from Australian playwright Michael Rowe that is reminiscent of the Roman Polanski classic Repulsion.
Proves, if you were beginning to doubt, that people still make good grown-up films.
Leap Year isn't a movie for a sunny afternoon, but Rowe's small tale of sex and despair is a tough trip worth taking.
A harrowing study of loneliness that showcases an intensely brave and believable performance from newcomer del Carmen.
Leap Year is well handled but confronting to the core, taking you to a very dark place.

@highlight

Unpredictable, gripping, and ultimately haunting, Leap Year uses a couple's fraught emotional journey as the narrative fuel for a probing look at societal mores and human needs.