The rise of the incarceration industry has seen a spike in films about burly men alternately bonding with/beating each other up behind bars, and Ric Roman Waugh's Shot Caller is a pitiless yet unusually forthright genre entry.
I don't mind that it's all improbable, but it's also quite dull.
Stuntman-turned- film-maker Ric Roman Waugh, who writes and directs, keeps the whole thing on track in a way that would impress even more if he hadn't already had one go at the subject with the 2008 film Felon.
By emphasising the characters' thuggishness over anything more nuanced, filmmaker Ric Roman Waugh seems to betray the fact that he thinks brutality is inherently entertaining.
It seems to glamourise the violence within the prison system, falling back on lazy stereotypes and suggesting that shivving your way to the top can be excused if you have a noble aim.
On many levels, Shot Caller makes no sense whatsoever.
Waugh's film conveys the kill-or-be-killed rationalism that inexorably draws Coster-Waldau's 'Money' towards a life of violent crime.
If you like your thrillers grim and violent, then Shot Caller certainly delivers the goods.
The film is aiming for tough edges, but it's essentially very vanilla.
My expectations here were tepid. But Shot Caller turns out to be a really taut, tense, prison-set thriller, a little like Jacques Audiard's A Prophet and longform television such as Breaking Bad or The Wire.
While the set-up is great, it's the pay-off that lets this title down, growing somewhat convoluted as we progress, and moving too far away from the endearing simplicity that helped to set the scene.
Coster-Waldau gives a committed performance, but Waugh's screenplay and direction is so focused on the machinations of crime that it ignores the gang's structural contradictions, and any hint of desire or sexual necessity.
If you imagine Andy Dufresne embarking on a hyper-violent gangland crime spree, you've got the premise of this thriller about the corrosive power of prison.
A tightly packed, top-shelf crime drama with a great cast.
The melancholic brand of machismo and Coster-Waldau's affecting turn never fail to mesmerise in a film that consistently foregrounds the human cost of crime.
As the plot develops it does lose momentum a bit and at times verges on cliche.
Featuring a cast of serious blokes, ugly violence and a creeping sense of danger and doom, it's still a fairly modest offering that could well slip through the cracks, although diehard fans of Game Of Thrones will surely be rushing out to catch this one.
...a respectable workhorse, committed to its ethos, ruggedly constructed, and well-acted...
Shot Caller is essential viewing, and one that will leave an unsettling but necessary, lasting impact on the viewer, providing them with plenty of philosophical ammo to play with.
Some compelling sequences chronicling brutal prison life can't compensate for the film's logically dubious premise and subsequently lazy plotting.
Shot Caller is a paycheck for several performers who should know better, nothing more.
The film feels akin to a Sons of Anarchy episode without that series' melodrama, depicting an unrealistic, thoroughly macho plot with grounded visuals and performances.
The particulars are nothing we haven't seen before, but it's the deep characterization of Waldau's character that sets Shot Caller apart.
Captivating and emotionally gritty with a raw, commanding performance by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau.
Achieving a hardy balance to a complex character and heightened importance to an otherwise terminally depressing study in total immorality, the star is powerful and so riveting you can't take your eyes off him.
We haven't had much of an opportunity to see Nikolaj Coster-Waldau flexing his acting chops in other roles. Shot Caller gives us an inkling of what he's capable of.
But despite its unabashed fondness for clichés and tired tropes, Shot Caller mostly succeeds in its aims because of Waugh's sober, matter-of-fact approach to the material.
Waugh forgoes cheap action-movie gimmicks, offering up instead a haunting psychological portrait of an intelligent man forced to completely reinvent himself before he can even dream of seeking redemption for his previous sins.
[T]he entire dynamic of the character's story [changes] in a way that is ... far too conventional...
"Shot Caller" effectively conveys the vise grip of Jacob's options, but that doesn't make it less ludicrous from scene to scene.
It always feels like an exercise instead of an examination, a flow chart of bad decisions and explosive violence that may not glorify the poisonous nature of hard time but rarely skims below the surface of what it means to break bad.
Shot Caller is a curdled and rancid look at the American dream gone haywire.
A brilliantly made film, unlike anything else out there, and it teaches a valuable lesson about what the penal system's cycle of violence can do to an honest man.
A great example of the kind of movie you shouldn't ignore simply because it's not getting a big, theatrical release.
Although this film has trappings of a lot of prison films and shows you might have seen, writer-director Ric Roman Waugh has more on his mind and seems to be pointing out that the system can suck you in and lead you down the wrong path.
Shot Caller is Coster-Waldau's show, and he's up to the task.
A stark, uncompromising prison drama.
Advises that prisons are not rehabilitation centers. Who knew?
Overlong and brutally clumsy genre pic.
Coster-Waldau ... conveys a strong masculine presence in both sections of the film, and it is fascinating to watch his transformation from privileged family man to hardened con.
[Waugh and Coster-Waldau] are practically a platonic love connection.

@highlight

Shot Caller 's weakness for action movie clichés is capably offset by strong work from Nikolaj Coster-Waldau in the central role.