... a blood-spattered love letter to the grindhouse vengeance movie by first-time filmmakers who, as Spinal Tap might put it, crank everything up to 11.
It's nice to find a wacky movie that knows how to employ "shock value" violence with some degree of timing and cleverness.
You get what you pay for with a movie like this. The question is whether it was worth paying for at all.
This is the type of movie you want to punch in the face.
Hobo With A Shotgun is a film in the tradition of 70s exploitation films. But unlike most grindhouse films, this one is actually awesome.
An artless film of amateurishly scripted and staged over-the-top violence
Such a desperate attempt at being one of Robert Rodriguez or Quentin Tarantino's '70s exploitation throwbacks that it's a little bit sad.
A cult picture that's completely comfortable in its own skin.
Great title, but this silly vigilante action movie is so exaggerated, so over-the-top that it is over the hill. It has gone to seed and needs to be weeded.
This one is a sicko exercise in meaningless entertainment, geared for those who get off on moronic bloodbath pics.
Hobo with a Shotgun celebrates its genre roots but in no way expounds on them; it's all pastiche with no substance.
Gloriously over-the-top blood pudding about a homeless man (Hauer) who goes Dirty Harry on a dead-end town run by sadistic crims.
It's a grindhouse mess but it stars Rutger Hauer!
This film isn't for the weak of stomach or the tenderhearted. But if you think you can enjoy its silly, explosive and splatter nature, it's a nice dose of fun.
Rutger Hauer is the show, the whole show, and nothing but the show in Hobo with a Shotgun, a throwback that, for all its bloodletting and supposed shock value, feels comparatively conventional and tame.
Fun to a point, but by about the hour mark I was more than ready to check out.
The relentless and pointless sadism of the film left me cold and bored, which not even the presence of Rutger Hauer could cure.
A film that can't resist picking its own scabs.
Hobo With a Shotgun reminded me of Hatchet, another inexplicable genre favorite that, from where I sat, seemed to do little but rearrange genre tropes to get a Pavlovian rise from its niche audience.
Rutger Hauer at least seems to be in on the joke, even if the joke wears pretty thin.
Belongs at the bottom of a disused coal mine in one of those desperately impoverished West Virginia townships that advertise for people to send them their nuclear waste.
It stomps over any notions of good taste and credibility after roughly five minutes.
Crude fun.
Fans of the genre will relish the ironies (or, as it's known in the trade, the chance to have your cake and eat it).
This is a gloriously OTT, gore-filled riot.
Like most of its kind, it's just so bad it's bad.
There's no escaping the fact this is a remake of unadulterated rubbish.
I've got to admit there are flashes of demented brilliance in this hardcore crassploitation splatter pic.
Jason Eisener's Hobo with a Shotgun is trash with a difference: designer trash.
Provides its target audience with exactly what they want while still managing to be aware of just how silly it all is.
The cartoon viciousness and wild overacting only add to the winningly exuberant excess of what is a startling feature debut for the director.
When this amount of ham arrives coated in so much ketchup, there's not much room left to find any pleasure at all.
Created by a fan for fans everywhere, Eisener's film is simultaneously original and a perfect throwback to the blood-splattered movies of the 70s.
This is no light-hearted spoof. It's 100% grindhouse. Which, for the most part and by definition, simply makes it trash.
An entertaining, absurdly violent exploitation thriller that's pretty much non-stop action and doesn't skimp on the gore factor.
Sick but fun.
The screenplay plays like the result of a 'Write the Most Vile Line Ever' contest, which in itself will be a huge draw for cinematic dumpster divers. [Blu-ray]
Hauer's best since The Hitcher. If Eisener calms down, he may have a career outside live-action 'toons.
Rutger Hauer is a genius.
Twice as good as a fi lm based on a spoof trailer has any right to be, Hobo is a great career kickstarter for director Eisener and the credibility boost Hauer richly deserves.
... a blood-spattered love letter to the grindhouse vengeance movie by first-time filmmakers who, as Spinal Tap might put it, crank everything up to 11.
Limbs are severed, heads roll, a school bus is incinerated, and a dude gets burnt by sticking his hockey skate into a plugged in toaster. Some is clever, but much of it's wearying and a bit lame...
Surely it's a fairly hollow victory to laugh at something that's been specifically designed to be lame/schlocky/dated/offensive?
Gore hounds will appreciate Hobo with a Shotgun, but it is so wan that even squeamish viewers will shrug it off with a yawn.
It's a bore, but it delivers on the carnage.
The movie just blows chunks.
Hobo with a Shotgun is what downhome we'd call a 'hoot.' Maybe two hoots. The title alone says it all.
This movie is depraved just for the sake of being depraved, joyously celebrating its overt nihilism because it felt like joyously celebrating overt nihilism.
serious and mocking at the same time
It's good to see Hauer get that Roy Batty look on his face again.
Hobo with a Shotgun certainly delivers on its promises of excess.
It's all in good fun and sometimes a little clever; "Hobo" shoots low and scores an explosive spray of guts, if not glory.
A merrily blood-soaked homage to the vigilante action movies of the 1970s and early 1980s, "Hobo'' is a good idea in theory that's brought down by the banality of its practice.
For those who can stomach ever-escalating scenes of brutality, generous amounts of B-movie gore and a story with dialogue that is sometimes dumbfounding, "Hobo" is a hero.
It's thanks to Hauer that the film transcends its origins; his performance combines Clint Eastwood in High PlainsDrifter with Lloyd Bridges in Airplane!
The film is a wild, over-the-top, jaw-dropping homage to 70s exploitation cinema. The colors pop like neon signs and the blood flows by the bucket loads.
"Hobo With a Shotgun" is about a hobo with a shotgun. If you are looking for more than splatter, look elsewhere.
"Hobo" breathes new life into the demented realm of grindhouse cinema - a world that had grown pretty stale to this point.
I'd take the last 10 minutes over the latest Hollywood CGI megabore any day.
Even connoisseurs of the genre (and I confess, I'm not one) will find the cheesy chopfests and gratuitous gore less than exciting as one urban prosthetics-strewn bloodbath begets the next.
There's plenty of blood and screaming and mayhem, and it's not particularly well-staged, shot or cut -- though I suppose actually caring about film craft denotes one as a spoilsport in this context.
[L]ike its '70s/'80s forebears, it combines outrageous quantities of fake blood and viscera with an antihero on a righteous mission.
Never mind 'Machete,' Hobo with a Shotgun is the real heir to the Grindhouse glory daze.
What should have been a rousing shoot-em-up gets tedious rather quickly.
It's just not as much brain-fun as the other neo-grinds but it's still really great at aiming that firehose of fake blood straight for your face.
What really puts this over-the-top extravaganza over the top is Hauer's ferocious and oddly sincere performance.
A gory, live-action cartoon.
There's nothing here that you haven't seen before in Lloyd Kaufman's Troma pictures and the grindhouse films of the '70s, save for perhaps better production values and an impressively grizzled Rutger Hauer.
This is, yes, a movie about a hobo with a shotgun, but it's also an inspired parody of the post-apocalyptic whack-a-mole revenge flick.
What should have been a rousing shoot-em-up gets tedious rather quickly, with the overacting villains and their over-the-top mayhem feeling very same-y after the first few scenes.
Unsurprisingly Hobo with a Shotgun is shot in the style of '60s and '70s exploitation films -- and what a style it is.
It's so far over-the-top that it makes Machete look believable, but that's why it's effective. Unlike so many movies you will see this season, Hobo With a Shotgun delivers.
Canadian filmmaker Jason Eisener's homage to grindhouse movies past is a pitch-perfect recreation of the brutal, low-budget crime films of the '70s, which is simultaneously the best and the worst thing about it.
Sheer, mindless fun with oodles of over-the-top, stylized blood-'n-guts. Destined to become a cult classic that will have audiences laughing at it as well as with it.
Hobo With a Shotgun pushes every button it can find, then pounds them into the panel, then smashes the panel with a wrecking ball.
Will leave most viewers bored and uneasy, especially in scenes like the burning alive of a busful of young children.
Japan's Takashi Miike has the formula down pat, but Eisener has no idea how to give violence a touch of class.
Ultimately, it's still less misanthropically hypnotic than, say, Roberta Findlay's 1985 flashback, Tenement.
What's not to like?
Once you've taken in the title, you've pretty much gotten the joke.
The closest thing the film gets to a message? "When life gives you razor blades, you make a baseball bat covered in razor blades." Sounds like a quote for a Successories poster in hell.
batshit B-movie satire
It's a hyper-violent, self-conscious throwback, with the sickly plastic aroma of a tape that's been gathering dust in the corner of a video store since 1984.
It may sound silly, but watch Hauer go from shuffling, hesitant outsider on the fringe to vigilante hero raining down justice in the streets with his 12-gauge and you see one of the year's best, most heartbreaking and unhinged performances thus far.
A hobo hops off a freight train in a nameless North American Gomorrah run by a sadistic crime king. Then said hobo cleans up the place by shooting buckets full of guts.
The brilliance begins and ends with its title..feels less like a movie than a joke about a movie, to which you need to buy a ticket to see the punchline. It's not worth it.
The sight of Hauer going postal with a double-barreled blaster is about on par with Liam Neeson mowing down Albanian sex traffickers in Taken-in other words...kerfawesome!
Quite the most appalling piece of junk I have seen lately, Hobo With a Shotgun just lies there like an autopsy.
The setup could also be read as an allegory of/justification for Dubya's invasion of Iraq (think about it), but that presumes more of an engagement with the non-cinematic world than Hobo ever really displays.
Does this cinematic jeu d'esprit ever gobsmack your eyes and nerve endings.
There's something appealing about the movie's unpretentious carnival of carnage, although I could have done without the flamethrower assault on a school bus to raise the stakes.
The film treats its dystopian vigilante saga with just enough of a straight face to get at the underlying insanity of its righteous-avenger protagonist.
A grindhouse-style slasher pic lacking style and wit.
With Hauer in the role, Hobo's manic gore-streaked hyperbole begins to make sense.
While forced and flawed, it still offers a bloody good time - just not the passion pit point the filmmakers think they are making.
A non-stop, over-the-top, intentionally ridiculous smorgasbord of violence and bloodshed that ceases being disturbing and just becomes pure, 100% fun.
Creates a tremendously unsettling aura of sadism instead of chunky, schlocky merriment. Why should I be punished just because Davies and Eisener weren't hugged enough as kids?
Completely left me trying to find my second wind...
Astonishingly inept and thoroughly unwatchable...
For cinephiles with sick senses of humour and fond memories of digging through bins of VHS tapes in grungy video stores in the 1980s, Hobo is, in simplest terms, heavenly.
Eisener displays considerable finesse as an action director. His movie's occasional moments of wit also take some of the edge off the otherwise assaultive nature of this exercise in scumbag cinema.
The movie's all garish colour and spurting squibs, with the occasional burst of T&A titillation. As Mel Brooks once said, it rises below vulgarity.
If, on the other hand, you appreciate a droll and savvy satire of the melodramatic excesses of seventies vigilante thrillers from a filmmaker who clearly knows his stuff, then get in the ticket line.
Hobo with a Shotgun takes on genre filmmaking with a vengeance and a toque.
[The filmmakers] infuse originality into the one-against-all tale by thinking outside the horror toolbox.
Double-barreled mayhem as if Sergio Leone designed a video-game.
Takes exactly the right tone, straddling the line between imitation and parody.
There is a gleeful stream-of-consciousness at play here, similar to what you might find in the early masterpieces from John Waters.
A fan-friendly movie that delivers on its genre promises.
At times I found myself doubled over in hysteria at the complete insanity of the carnage I was watching on-screen. HOBO was a blast!
If you're willing to jump into his gleefully hedonistic world, there's a lot of fun to be had.
Picked up by Magnet, "Shotgun" should satisfy midnight movie gore-hounds.
In the tradition of Street Trash and the original Toxic Avenger, Hobo With A Shotgun is a gleefully over the top splatterfest with little redeeming social value.
Exactly the kind of movie I want out of cinema... The dialogue is like Aaron Sorkin wrote an action movie... Here it is, the first great movie out of Sundance: Hobo with a Shotgun.


@highlight

It certainly isn't subtle -- or even terribly smart -- but as a gleefully gory homage to low-budget exploitation thrillers, Hobo with a Shotgun packs plenty of firepower.