Except for its disappointingly tapered ending, Miss Bala... is an impressive, anxiety-ridden crime drama that can join the ranks of some of the best in its genre, from two of Mexico's best talents.
The ambiguity Mr. Naranjo has stripped away from Ms. Zúñiga's cautionary tale is hardly made up for on the back end.
Miss Bala is a tremendous cinematic achievement; both a stunning technical exercise in sustained tension and a rich allegory highlighting the hopeless scenario facing an entire society caught in the crossfire of a futile drug war
Naranjo numbs sensation to make his points about the drug war's damage to Mexico, turning Miss Bala into a thriller from the dissociative first person perspective.
...an audacious yet hopelessly uninvolving art-house thriller that peters out significantly in the buildup to its anticlimactic finale.
Naranjo is unflinching in his determination not to serve up mindless entertainment.
Sloppy writing and storytelling make the near two hour film seem far longer.
...it's clear Naranjo has a lot on his mind about the state his country has fallen into. If only he had a clearer narrative.
Maybe the film doesn't add up to quite as much as its talented director, Gerardo Naranjo, seems to have hoped, but it is tense and propulsive.
Miss Bala is full of virtuoso single-take tracking shots and over-the-shoulder perspectives that effectively convey a sense of menace and momentum.
Naranjo offers a grim subject with neither flash nor sentiment. It is a sober film done with style.
You feel the movie's authenticity, throughout the ordeal that leaves Laura brutalized, terrified, confused, abandoned, with nowhere to turn.
Sigman's tremulous, vivid performance anchors the movie. It's a knockout.
Provides a discomfortingly intimate glimpse into the complexities of the Mexican-U.S. drug trade. "Miss Bala" shouldn't be written off by adventurous moviegoers.
The paranoia is contagious
The topical subject may draw larger-than-usual audiences, as will the undeniably formidable technical achievements.
This strange and eerie noir is more a collection of knockout scenes than a fully realized story.
"Miss Bala" can't quite engage. It fires at the target. It makes a lot of noise. But it never quite hits the bull's eye.
There is a larger message to be found here, but it never derails the taut vintage thriller that's been constructed.
It's an adventure story that could be called a contemporary picaresque if it weren't so deadly serious, and might be called fantastical if it weren't loosely based on a true story of a former Miss Hispanic America.
unyielding in its very real terror
"Miss Bala" is a portrait of a young woman who is at once terribly vulnerable and improbably brave. It's equally a vision of a vulnerable society on the road to anarchy.
An urgent dispatch from the sidelines of the drug war that consumes our southern neighbor.
[A] well-shot, bluntly propulsive thriller...
The Mexican film, inexplicably left off the short list for the foreign-language Oscar, is a high-speed action tale, told through the eyes of a helpless victim
In the vision of this ruthless and abundantly talented young director, life in Tijuana isn't merely as bad as you think. It's worse.
Mexico's 2012 submission for Best Foreign Language Film - rightfully so.
Gerardo Naranjo may have made the least-glamorous movie ever about a pageant queen with "Miss Bala."
Miss Bala is a work of impressionistic reportage, built out of artfully crammed widescreen compositions and bravura long tracking shots.
There's a wild, Miami Blues-like dreaminess to the movie that's addictive.
Announcing the arrival of a new directorial talent, Miss Bala is a powerfully haunting crime-thriller, which could be taken realistically as well as allegorically.
Sigman's performance is, literally, the film.
Miss Bala is a terrifying tale of a beauty contest that ends in horror... The film is a harrowing experience. It cuts deep.
[VIDEO] Treating dramatic convention like it was industrial garbage director/co-writer Gerardo Naranjo's attempt at agitprop cinema is a frustrating mess.
With the blistering firecracker that is Miss Bala, next-gen Mexican director and AFI grad Gerardo Naranjo delivers on the promise of such well-respected early pics as Drama/Mex and I'm Gonna Explode.
The film's pace races through events in a chain of escalating violence, tension, smoke and gunfire.
Mexico's official Oscar entry for best foreign-language film presents startling iconography with its star, Stephanie Sigman, emblematic of the country's current problems of drug cartels and weapons trafficking.
[T}here is a whole lotta frustration to be found in a movie about... a woman forced to play men's games who doesn't fight back... not even a little.
Sigman's turn is committed and the set-pieces harrowing, but sympathy soon gives way to shellshock.
This terrifying thriller immerses you from beginning to end...
Naranjo's tense, taunt and turbulent tale shrouded in beauty has a compellingly dangerous edge.
[A] dizzying drug-war thriller...
A chilling, cautionary tale.
It's a gripping story told in the style of a very un-Hollywood thriller, with the action and suspense stemming from a disturbingly realistic portrayal of violence.
It is at once an exciting thriller and angry social comment.
Shocking in both its grim authenticity and explosive stylisation.
s Bala is well made, and conceived as something different from the self-conscious pastiche-homage of Rodriguez or Tarantino. It is trying pretty hard for its effects.
Violent, loud, frequently thrilling, it whips effectively from super-real scenes of random murder under the blue blur of strip lights to characters gazing sadly out to sea, which crashes eternally on to perfect beaches.
Clumsy symbolism undermines a tenacious performance from Sigman.
All the more disarming for the fact that it takes place in a society where politics appears redundant and money and power are gained through violent, minutely orchestrated coups.
That innocuous title disguises a Mexican thriller with genuine bite, though the hokey ending doesn't quite live up to the edgy plotting and Sigman's classy turn as a tough heroine in an impossible situation.
Naranjo keeps the action tense but understated; instead of allowing explosions and shootouts to pile up, he rations them in taut doses.
Shootouts are sharp cracklings and deaths indiscriminate but without sensationalizing the gore.
Gripping and heart-breaking in equal measure, this is an impressively directed and superbly acted thriller that plays like a collaboration between the Dardennes Brothers and Michael Mann.
It's a film that becomes almost numbing in its tone but it's incredibly well-made and performed.
Unlike Terri, the latest, most commercial venture from his friend and AFI schoolmate Azazel Jacobs, Miss Bala doesn't sublimate Gerardo Naranjo's strengths into a commercially viable package.
With Miss Bala Naranjo rebels against genre classification altogether, wrapping his political commentary about malevolence in modern Mexico within a thriller framework that also puts a neatly bleak twist on the underdog-wins-competition cliches.
Miss Bala is one of the highlights of the year so far for me, a powerful experience, and Naranjo is, without a doubt, a born filmmaker.
Though it toes a delicate line between exploitation movie and movie about exploitation, that's part of what gives the film its charge.
An always violent, often surreal ride through the thickets of widespread corruption, with the audience sometimes left as confused and disoriented as the poor girl.





@highlight

Miss Bala's subject is loaded enough, but the frantic and muscular filmmaking puts this movie in a whole new league.