divine performances from Lane and Sutherland
...the movie's abrupt (and downright graceless) transformation from jaunty comedy to heavy-handed drama strips the proceedings of any momentum it may have had...
With a screechingly affected voice (think Nicholson mixed with a sick Chihuahua), Yelchin is all tiring, syllable-pulling raw nerve here; a blinding pitch that holds the film back from needed dramatic expression.
Director Griffin Dunne, working from Dirk Wittenborn's adaptation of his own novel, pounds away at the analogy between the inherent cruelty of the tribal rituals of the Iskanani and those of the well-heeled.
On balance, it's a movie worth seeing with its artistic inserts, appropriate soundtrack and organic performances.
Smart-but-grim coming-of-age tale best for adults.
Watching the idle rich toy with people can only go so far, then you want more depth and this doesn't have it.
Miscalculated at every level, it's a vacant drama full of ineptly drawn characters.
There are lots of potent things floating around in it -- sexual initiation, drugs, fantasy-land wealth, brute violence, primitive rituals, Diane Lane and Donald Sutherland -- but the mix just sits there without producing any notable reactions.
Rarely has self-pity become so monotonous so quickly.
A buoyant coming-of-age adventure welded to an amiable wealth fantasy.
After a promising start, Griffin Dunne's film bogs down and simply turns into a predictable mish-mash of a movie that is shrill and heavy-handed and totally trite.
Desperate, manipulative.
The film is way too banal to raise any questions of its own. [Director] Dunne, for his part, doesn't conjure up any kind of inspired visual atmosphere or compelling psychological tension. Nothing is as funny, touching, true, or sad as it should be.
Dunne's messy, unpredictable, yet weirdly vital movie veers from one extreme to another without finding a consistent tone, but Sutherland never strikes a wrong note.
Fierce People is no ordinary dud. This seedy soap opera is the most outlandish, campy romp through the mud since Showgirls.
The laughs suddenly cease after a brutal rape sequence, and Dunne desperately and vainly tries to re-work the remainder of the movie as a metaphysical coming-of-age story.
The idea that rich people are an alien tribe is just one of many that get lost in Wittenborn's distracted script.
Overplotting and a particularly ugly turn make this adaptation of Dirk Wittenborn's novel less a meditation on how the rich are different than a bland coming-of-age procedural.
There is little in life sadder to see than a film that thinks it has a great deal to say of a revelatory or profound nature, but doesn't
Griffin Dunne and Dirk Wittenborn think they're pretty clever.
The movie seems to want to play the social division card, but its better humanistic instincts undercut that ploy. It's enough to ruin Fierce People as an honest character drama, though.
Fierce People, for all its ambitions, is ultimately a little too discombobulated to be truly fierce.
It's possible, I suppose, that Dunne and Wittenborn were so intent on excoriating the well-to-do that they conceived of this entire movie as an act of self-flagellation. In which case, they should rest assured that no one stands to make a dime from it.
A movie that practically begs you to hate it. Wish granted.
Not even the always reliable Diane Lane can save this one.
The analogies drawn between the Ishkanani and the Osborne social circle come off as insufferably precious, rather than thoughtful.
Director Griffin Dunne's adaptation of Dirk Wittenborn's fiercely personal novel ambles pleasantly through coming-of-age movie territory, then takes a jarring Agatha Christie detour.
The last act promises some very dark and primitive acts -- not that you should care.
When F. Scott Fitzgerald remarked that the rich "are different from you and me," he might have been thinking of someone like the moody billionaire from Fierce People.
The inspired dark humor here is that the tongue in cheek anthropological study of a strange and intimidating leisure class tribe, is exactly what this encounter with these pampered alien creatures inhabiting a gilded jungle turns out to be.
While not as interesting a ride as advertised, the movie does keep one from falling asleep.
Too bad this wasn't made twenty-five years ago, when it still had a chance of being accepted by the masses because it was quirky.
A textbook example of the hazards of hiring a writer to adapt his own novel.
Fierce People is based on a forced premise: the idea that a family of super-rich New Jersey eccentrics is like a tribe to be studied anthropologically. None of the characters resembles any creature you'd discover in nature, however.
The suffocating atmosphere of WASP-y snobbery has a morbid fascination, and the characters have enough flavorful eccentricity to hold one's interest.
Quickly gets bogged down in Anton Yelchin's tendency to be whiny and annoying in his attempts to be clever or cute.
Overall, it's an enjoyable effort, but not a positive triumph.
Structured around the type of analogy that makes one pine for total sensory failure, a desire amplified by the filmmakers' clear self-satisfaction with what they believe to be a clever narrative conceit.
Dunne weighs down a light social satire with a ponderous anthropological analogy.
It's a well-observed coming-of-age story that turns on a bold, brutal plot development some viewers will accept and others will consider an insurmountable speed bump.
throwing the film heedlessly into what was essentially a light social satire seems to border on the irresponsible




@highlight

Fierce People 's premise of a teenager studying rich people like animals is grating and self-satisfied, and Anton Yelchin's smug performance makes the film even harder to agree with.