Part of the success of "Frances Ha" is due to Greta Gerwig's portrayal of Frances. Despite an occasional lapse into mannerisms...her performance is precise, and some kind of inner light shines through her occasionally clumsy physical presence.
I went fully prepared to hate it -- tried quite hard, in fact -- but it's so inoffensive that I couldn't help but enjoy it.
A carefree character piece by filmmaker Noah Baumbach, actress Greta Gerwig drives the comedy into a place where very clever and high-spirited dialogue prevails.
It's a creative marriage forged in heaven or at least the Manhattan equivalent.
The camera loves her. Probably because the director does, too.
Gerwig draws upon her well of previously-demonstrated charisma, her ample capacity for twerpitude refined, honed, elevated.
Sweet without being saccharine and wrenching without being devastating. Frances Ha is a film of many small surprises, but they contain big, satisfying rewards.
One of the happiest sights you'll see all summer is a montage of Gerwig running and twirling across Chinatown with David Bowie's "Modern Love" on the soundtrack.
(Gerwig's) willingness to hold absolutely nothing back deserves mad respect and can't help but make a viewer feel guilty for finding it all quite exasperating.
Game and not a self-promoting booster, always slightly outside the loop, the title character accepts what is dealt without complaint or anger.
The thoughtfulness and commitment of Gerwig's performance in its shifts from chaotic exuberance to rigorous rehearsal suggest that she is the more interesting artist to watch.
Gerwig superbly incarnates the contradictions of this insecure woman.
It's the mark of a good film when it's so simple you can sum it up in a sentence, and so deep you're still digging into it hours, even days after the credits roll. That's Frances Ha.
Inspired by Gerwig's spontaneity, and scripted to cultivate it, the movie does turn up some occasional stilted line readings here and there, but periodic awkwardness also is shrewdly elemental to its charm.
Months of Frances' life pass in minutes, yet those minutes feel like an eternity, thanks to non-action and uninspired editing.
As Frances literally dances her way through the streets of New York, you can't help smiling and knowing she will be OK. She will figure out how to be the adult she was meant to be.
I found Frances Ha frequently irritating and even cringe-inducing in the moment, yet feel tenderer towards it in retrospect. It's about a specific time in life, when the sudden stampede to self-definition can make people seem cruel, crazy or resentful.
Baumbach's previous films have been insightful and wry without ever really being all that likeable. Gerwig brings a charm and energy to this shared project that makes it, if perhaps not his deepest film, then easily his most fun.
Frances Ha -- both the movie and its heroine -- is graceful, awkward, luminous and hilarious.
Greta Gerwig is perhaps the most interesting of the younger American actresses working in films today, and she's wonderful as Frances in this black and white charmer from director Noah Baumbach.
Overall, Frances Ha is a rom-com without much rom, alternating between short blackout-sketch scenes and long semi-improvised conversations.
The infectiously delightful exuberance of Frances that nearly vibrates off the screen is clearly tailor-made for the actress.
Exuberant and disarming.
The gorgeously-made Frances Ha serves as a love letter from director to star; and like all love notes that aren't ours, it's intimate, mawkish and, in some vital way, unknowable.
As she zips from one oddball experience to another, the movie seems to be assuring us that this is what a young person is supposed to do and that Frances will find her thing. Whatever it is.
Few films top Woody Allen's Manhattan for capturing New York City's blend of rapture and apprehension. Noah Baumbach's Frances Ha comes close.
[Frances Ha] may feel tossed-off, but like the early French New Wave films that inspired it, this affectionate portrait of wayward young folks trying to survive, emotionally and professionally, in the big city is both touching and meaningful.
Writing with Gerwig, Baumbach has created a fey, sneakily charming generational touchstone on a par with Annie Hall and his own Gen Y col-grad comedy Kicking and Screaming.
Baumbach likes to walk on the dark side in his films, but there is also a playful side to him. This film does have a dark edge to it, but a lighter mood dominates here, and that is a good thing.
Bolstered by a shrewd script and meticulous director, Gerwig shines. By turn screwball heroine and ungainly in character, she emerges as her generation's finest comic actress.
A funny, life-affirming portrait of a well-meaning young woman who's a work-in-progress and a welcome departure for its director.
[T]he film is a delightfully spry vacation into the life of a woman who doesn't really deserve the affectionate film around her.
It's all wonderfully tangential, sweet and unerringly funny, and it will have you dancing to Bowie's 'Modern Love' for days and days.
Its flighty quarter-life crisis theme [will be] familiar to anyone who's seen five minutes of Girls.
A genuinely heartfelt, gorgeous and beautiful celebration of youth, friendship and grappling with all the contradictions and challenges that life throws at us.
The likes of In Search Of A Midnight Kiss and Annie Hall have told their stories with much more wit and charm.
a smart, wry and surprisingly tender film about standing at the crossroads of adulthood.
A virtuoso piece of writing, acting and direction to bring to the screen a 27 year old New Yorker who is more a dreamer than a pragmatist, more a romantic than a materialist and less able to control her life than to guess it
The film is like a breath of fresh air, with each gulp taken at the forks in the road that Frances encounters. It's fluid and free with as much spontaneity as a bird taking flight
Frances Ha has a warmth and lightness absent from Baumbach's earlier films, The Squid And The Whale (2005) and Margot At The Wedding (2007).
The sheer joy on Gerwig's face as she leaps and pirouettes across roads and between pedestrians is infectious.
There's little doubt that many people will find her insufferable, and almost everyone will experience moments of acute discomfort. But this is a wonderful performance that never becomes ingratiating.
Like Ethan Hawke's recent Before Midnight (aimed at people in their 40s), Frances Ha will engage its literate-minded target audience fed up with disaster blockbusters.
The hilarious, touching Frances Ha is lubricated by the same juice that allowed Jean-Luc Godard's Bande à Part to slip so smoothly through the streets of Paris.
A film that's well aware of its own hipness, but never too cool to laugh and cry.
Frances Ha might well strike some viewers as ridiculously twee and tiresomely indulgent to its immature heroine. Not me, though. I'm happy to be enchanted.
Gerwig's last jaunt to Europe was in Woody Allen's feeble and disjointed To Rome With Love, and even Allen himself might acknowledge that here she is despatched across the Atlantic in a far more successful cause.
A perky cinematic pick-me-up starring the endearing Greta Gerwig who co-wrote the screenplay with director Noah Baumbach, her boyfriend.
I'm not sure what Noah Baumbach's Frances Ha is about, which is one reason I like it so much.
Frances is only adequate as a dancer but her enthusiasm bridges the gap between aspiration and ability. She deserves an A for effort. The film gets one for attainment.
It's a likable movie, with some nice moments of both comedy and pathos, and beautifully shot, but for me the reverence for its heroine was not completely earned, and the arrowhead was missing: the decisive jab of satire, of insight, of love.
This film may look like one of those annoyingly mannered independent films, with its wacky young cast and arty-farty black and white photography, but it's actually a fresh, smart and very funny comedy.
Noah Baumbach and Greta Gerwig have carved out, with effortless elegance and ease, a cinematic space for a woman to be, unapologetically, herself.
Frances Ha both acknowledges and earns its place in the tradition of the New York bourgeois comedy, encoding the angst of social mores in witty dialogue. Make no mistake: the cinematic slacker has come of age.
An unlikely feelgood crowd-pleaser - Frances Ha is sweet, funny, darling and almost unbearably lovely. And thankfully, everyone enunciates.
Brilliantly directed and beautifully shot, this is an utterly delightful, warm-hearted and very funny comedy with a wonderful script and a terrific central performance from Greta Gerwig.
Despite Gerwig's natural appeal and talent as a performer, Frances' self-absorption and flakiness begin to grate.
When is a film a throwaway sketch that's so good it's frameable? When it's Frances Ha.
Much of the reason why Frances Ha is a far more well-crafted and enjoyable piece of cinema than either Lola Versus or Damels in Distress.
In your twenties you decide on the final version of you. Sophie is working on it; Frances is stuck in her crazy, clueless, can't-pay-the-rent stage.
The story becomes chaotic and disjointed, but that's the point: Frances is tumbling towards her 30s with no sense of direction and this is where Gerwig excels, deftly pulling you along on a bumpy ride.
Baumbach and Gerwig have co-written a film about the point when spontaneous, giddy arrested adolescence ceases to be endearing and threatens to be annoying.
Anchored by a charming performance from Greta Gerwig, it's as light and breezy as a walk in Central Park, and just as refreshing.
A joyous portrait of an unformed personality that should strike chords of recognition in all who watch it.
Frances Ha could be THE post-college-angst comedy of the '10s. This is what happens when Mumblecore grows up and turns into a real movie.
Agreeable low-budget modern-day urban comedy.
Frances Ha is a refreshingly contemporary film, exploring 20-something hipster ennui with accuracy, empathy and humour.
As long as you remember to laugh, Frances Ha is a tolerable experience. Forget the "ha ha" and Frances Ha is beyond unbearable. I found this an odd and often frustrating truth, but it's what makes Noah Baumbach's new movie a success.
It's a tribute to Gerwig's performance, somehow both clumsy and elegant, that she wins us over despite ourselves, that we come to appreciate her aimlessness in a goal-oriented society ...
Gerwig keeps you on side and rooting for Frances to get her act together in what becomes an affectionate salute to messy lives, an endearing underachiever and a New York state of mind.
Don't be fooled by Frances with all her feigned insecurity and branding of herself as "undateable" and predicting she'll be a lonely spinster. She's a psychopath.
Gerwig's deft screwball timing turns every disaster into a grace note. This may be a comedy of awkwardness, but rather than curl, your toes will tap.
A refreshing amount of buoyancy to dance and charm its way through Quarter-Life Crisis territory. One of the best performances of Greta Gerwig's career to date
Frances Ha is a sympathetic but not uncritical depiction of a girl's gradual evolution into a woman; one that never condescends by forcing her to abandon all her quirks and impish qualities in the final act... An absolute delight, this is.
Indie darling Gerwig has a great deal to do with the picture's success: she's disarmingly likable...
There's a level of audacity beneath the lightweight whimsy in this unassuming low-budget comedy.
"Frances Ha makes a star out of Gerwig, and she's the kind of star we need: a goofy one we can feel tender about but never underestimate."
This is an odd film (creepier than it knows), and even if you feel the atmospheric company of Dunham-ism, with a little of Whit Stillman, Henry Jaglom, and Woody Allen, the core influence on Noah Baumbach's film is fifty years older or more.
'I can't account for my own bruises,' Frances says, as if she were a clumsy kid with an adult's vocabulary. Does the remark refer to more than the abrasions on her skin?
A celebration of cinema, New York City and the distinctive charms of actress Greta Gerwig, Frances Ha was co-written by Gerwig and its director, Noah Baumbach, and it's the best film either has made.
Baumbach usually builds his films around difficult protagonists, but Frances is entirely endearing, at once silly and deep, hopeless and promising.
There's a thin line between comedy and tragedy, and Greta Gerwig walks it remarkably well.
There's depth and realism in the way Frances Ha shows aspiration versus reality.
Gerwig, beyond a doubt, is immeasurably appealing, and Frances Ha is tailor-made to showcase her gifts better than anything she's ever been in.
...if you hold your nose and simply wallow through the stench of self-aggrandizement, you'll be rewarded with an experience that will actually tug on your emotions.
Frances Ha provides a sharp, fleet, and very funny look at female friendship and the acceptance of adult responsibilities.
This is very minimalist storytelling much of which feels improvised in front of the camera. The film is more of a character situation than a character story.
Frances Ha is endearing, kind and, in many ways, Noah Baumbach's best movie to date.
It's a film that bears all of the zingy dialogue and sharp characterizations of Baumbach's other films ("The Squid and the Whale," "Greenberg") but with more of a generosity of spirit towards its characters.
Funny and touching, Frances Ha may very well be the most eloquent take yet on a generation in flux.
The light Frances Ha provides skittish moments of heartbreak and confusion on the humorous path to adulthood, but it sends a comforting message that our fate may use the same language as our dreams even if it doesn't tell the same story.
Easily Baumbach's warmest and most upbeat film to date.
Mostly the movie is the best showcase so far for Gerwig's brand of lovely klutziness (and)a contemporary everywoman appeal that's impossible to dismiss, making Frances' self-absorption easier to swallow and tasty, too.
One of the most appealing films of the year to date -- and it may well end up being the most appealing indie release of the entire year
This is a tough one, but I must recommend it, if you are at all inclined to witness creativity at its unconventional best.
"Frances Ha"? More like Frances Bah!
Gerwig dances the Millennial Limbo
...caters to the Gerwig persona while also sanding off the edges of Baumbach's usual bitterness.
"Frances Ha" is about the inevitability of adulthood; it can be postponed, but it can't be avoided.
The dialogue and editing are zippy and generally charming, combining with the tart observations of 20-something culture to create a nice frisson.
[a] fresh-faced and spirited black and white comedy...
A black-and-white salute to the French New Wave (the score is borrowed from Georges Delerue, composer of many a Truffaut and Godard film) that manages to be very much of this moment ...
The movie's a love letter to an actress and her character, but by the end you may feel like an intervention is more in order.
The obvious love of New York City echoes Woody Allen at his best. But "Frances Ha" is very much its own film, a story of life and love and messy rooms.
If Frances has a chance, there's hope for us all.
The near-incomparable Greta Gerwig gives Frances a fire, an exuberance, and a three-dimensional uniqueness that ensures the viewer never sways from her side.
It gives you two choices: find it delightful or don't: there is no unique, self-guided option. As frustrating as that conundrum may be, it's still hard not to take option one.
Baumbach ... makes the film a celebration of Gerwig's coltish, goofball appeal.
Without Gerwig, this story of a hopeful young woman making her way in New York would have been just like all the rest. Instead, it's a work of art.
But there's just something so relentlessly likable about put-upon, impoverished Frances (Greta Gerwig) that it almost doesn't matter that her New York is just one big Williamsburg.
Improbable yet engaging, this arrested development serio-comedy should be particularly endearing to those who can't quite get their lives together.
Late-blooming 20-somethings have never been so perfectly captured -- and Gerwig has never been more appealing -- than in this funny, tender, life-affirming movie.
A modern fairy tale about a girl whose golden heart refuses to tarnish.
Like Gerwig's performance, it's natural, it's realistic, perfectly believable.
Baumbach's made an intermittently attentive comedy with a few intolerable detours, only as insightful as it wants to be.
The conversations sparkle with both intended and unintended wit, and in a certain cockeyed light, Frances' blithe denial of reality is a charming affirmation of life.
"Frances Ha" could have taken a very different, much darker direction, but not with Gerwig in it.
Brims with funny ideas both verbal and visual that are finely tuned by Baumbach and his cast, and sharply edited...
Passive-aggressive and expertly generational, Frances Ha is either hilarious or devastating, and probably both.
The film may be small, but it's really good.
This movie has an endless supply of small but brilliant comic observations.
"Frances Ha" is a movie that will either remind you of what it was (or, if you're lucky, is) like to be young, or it'll make you feel really old. Middle-aged, at least.
The film boldly - and ultimately successfully - vastly favors character definition over plot, and favors character detail over laughs - although the second half (much more than the first) is very funny.
Greta Gerwig is delightful as an awkward non-dancer in this off-beat comedy
Occasionally inspired, frequently charming and always watchable.
...like an early Andrew Bujalski movie with more articulate characters or Lena Dunham's 'Girls' without the ick factor.
Frances Ha is not the worst film of the year. That would be Snitch. However, it is the most obnoxious film so far.
This is a truly wonderful movie, recalling Woody Allen at his best.
Has the earnest, wonky charm of a homemade valentine.
Frances Ha is the work of an artist in love, and in Baumbach's case, it's not clear that love is his most constructive muse.
It's a skimpy, overextended riff, but some of the seemingly tossed-off moments are lovely.
Frances Ha is sharply focused on a genuine life issue that doesn't get much play in movies: the challenges of platonic love and of the complicated passions of friendship.
While Gerwig's gentleness gives Baumbach's work a new warmth, his touch gives her a new maturity.
A great film that gets the spirit of New York exactly right:
An American independent film (shot in luminous black and white by Sam Levy) that feels off the cuff but is in fact exactly made by a filmmaker in total control of his resources.
Perhaps Ms. Gerwig is the greatest actress alive. And maybe "Frances Ha" is just the ghost orchid of independent cinema.
A witty and emotionally resonant portrait of growing up, while retaining the exuberance of youth.
Ms. Gerwig, who has effortless, behind-the-beat verbal timing, also possesses a knack for physical comedy, an enviable ability to obliterate the difference between clumsiness and grace.
This is "Girls" minus the dark stuff.
The understated final moments made me happier than any other filmgoing experience I've had all year.
There's a touch of Gracie Allen in Frances, an indomitable blithe spirit who lives happily within a bubble-world of her own construction.
Aiming for lightness but landing with a thud, "Frances Ha" is a well-meaning blunder.
It's impossible not to fall hard for Greta Gerwig, who wrote the script with Baumbach and plays Frances with such smart, rumpled radiance that you bask in her glow.
"Frances Ha: has plenty of recognizable reference points: "Manhattan," the French New Wave, Lena Dunham. And yet it's still something new.
Quietly, empathetically, and without ever apologizing for the lead's impulsive idiocy, Frances Ha charts the character's dawning independence and acceptance of adulthood.
Frances Ha is likely going to appear as one of Baumbach's most accessible and joyous works...it marks an exciting new period in the filmmaker's oeuvre and one that will hopefully yield many more collaborations with the endearing...Greta Gerwig.
Shot in inky black and white and bristling with performances that feel captured on the fly, Baumbach's best film since 2005's The Squid and the Whale is both a nod and a throwback to the French New Wave.
Nothing really happens in ''Frances Ha'' and yet the film takes us on an emotional journey.
The movie's almost too charming first half-hour gives no clue as to how dark it's going to grow once Frances's exuberance curdles into drunken loudness and naked need, and she turns into the kind of overbearing New Yorker who can clear a room fast.
Here [Baumbach has] found the sweet spot between being personal and taking everything personally.
For all of Gerwig's energy, there's not much forward momentum here, apart from a series of transitional apartments.
Baumbach's acerbic wit seems to have been diluted by the watery Gerwig, who seems to have no flavor whatsoever...like viewing the outtakes from a movie you don't want to see.
Spot-on, exquisitely crafted portrait of a floundering 20-something.
You gotta love Greta Gerwig: Even as the radiant mumblecore star's Hollywood stock continues to rise, the actress remains true to her dramatic roots.
An exhilarating black-and-white New York seriocomedy from Noah Baumbach with a stellar star turn by co-writer Greta Gerwig.
Frances is an artist whose medium is life itself, and Baumbach, his camera open with calm adoration, channels her waves of wonder and possibility.
Baumbach has a hard time letting go of the notion that drama means building to humiliation. When he does, though, Frances Ha is beautiful and surprising.
Noah Baumbach's film feels like too perfect a portrait of quarter-life malady, down to the rushed redemptive endnotes and Greta Gerwig's idealized heroine.
Greta Gerwig makes "hapless" a happening and hip way to be.
A major leap upward for both Baumbach and Gerwig. Disarming, funny and genuine, in spite of the New York City backdrop.
Blessedly more interested with being funny and relatable than it is with trying to make pretentious statement about generational or societal detachment.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Noah Baumbach officially takes over Woody Allen's mantle as New York's representative auteur of quirky romantic comedy.
Greta Gerwig's charismatic performance elevates Baumbach's serio comedy way above its modest nature and scale.
The comic misadventures of a quirky young woman who falls down seven times but gets up eight.
...an agreeably easygoing piece of work that benefits greatly from Gerwig's consistently engaging performance...
One of the sweetest and funniest films of the year. Frances Ha is a wonderful story about growing up, staying young, about love, life, friendship and what happens to it all over time.
Noah Baumbach, making his most compassionate movie since 2005's The Squid and the Whale, gives these lives the full French new wave/mid-period Woody Allen treatment, conferring charm and substance on even their most mundane interaction.

@highlight

Audiences will need to tolerate a certain amount of narrative drift, but thanks to sensitive direction from Noah Baumbach and an endearing performance from Greta Gerwig, Frances Ha makes it easy to forgive.