Seth Gordon, the director, makes the material accessible and entertaining... [Full review in Spanish]
The most absurd, joyous, and mesmerizing documentary of the 21st century.
Who would have thought that one of the years most intriguing and suspenseful films would be a documentary involving two grown men battling over the supremacy of an arcade game?
Amusing documentary duel at the video arcade.
Seth Gordon's unexpectedly engrossing documentary about the quest for a "Donkey Kong" record - a seeming paradise only for the pale and pasty -offered a fascinating, infuriating look at the bleakly funny morass of American social expectations.
Even if you've never so much as eaten a single ghost in a game of Ms. Pac-Man, King of Kong is still a remarkable (and remarkably hilarious) film.
every bit as exciting as any sports %uFB01lm, while also shedding light on how obsessions can combine with corrupt power structures to drive otherwise normal people to ridiculous ends.
It's clear that director Seth Gordon is rooting for Wiebe - but it is not just a trick of the editing that means within 30 minutes of the political machinations of Kong beginning, you will be too.
A great little documentary, full of laughs, drama and tension. It's like Rocky, but with a joystick. And an opponent who isn't actually seen stepping into the ring.
You could hardly call it a paragon of impartial filmmaking, but this is still a compelling and immersive glance into the nature of competitiveness and the corrupting aspects of fame.
An engrossing story that plucks at the heartstrings just as hard as it pummels the fire buttons.
Gordon invites us to snicker at his cast of hardcore gamers, for whom 'Donkey Kong' tournaments are as vital as Super Bowls and as divisive as the war on abortion. But once embedded in their strange world, he finds a compelling story to tell.
If it weren't for swirling currents of humanity, the film would bore me Gongless. But it turns out to be character thriller with a big finish.
Unquestionably the most engaging and flat-out entertaining documentary since Murderball...
an oddly entertaining and exciting documentary that at times looks like a mockumentary
You could say it's sort of like Murderball, only these guys' disabilities are of the social variety. At any rate, it's a great film
"When We Were Kings" for dorks.
As tremendous an act in empathy as anything Werner Herzog has ever committed to the documentary screen.
Benefits immeasurably from a cast of colorful supporting players, as well as a taut narrative that builds to a surprisingly tense climax.
Is there anything more tiresome than watching people play video games? Seth Gordon's documentary The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters answers that question with a decisive yes: watching a movie about people playing video games.
The King of Kong is as winning, sweet, and occasionally disturbing a documentary about people for whom time has stopped somewhere around 1982 as you'd ever want to see.
A terrifically entertaining documentary about an unlikely subject.
Hilarious and eye-popping.
It's very earnest. And funny. And endearing.
I can't remember a more compelling film this year.
The film paints a strange portrait of a subculture that I found to be a drag.
A compelling, weird, and often times touching spin on video gamers doing what they do best...
Mitchell is a ringer for Ben Stiller's pompous villain in Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story.
Wonderful, hilarious documentary.
Painful and interesting to watch, even with such clear black and white characters. See it if you can.
The King of Kong is proof that you don't need Earth shattering events of cosmic import to create a compelling film.
Seth Gordon's feature-length documentary about obsessive arcade gamers could possibly be the most entertaining thing you could do on a Saturday night.
One of the best pictures of the year...King of Kong is an uproarious, unsettlingly observant, and romantically biased documentary on the golden years of classic gaming.
A documentary that successfully takes it to the next level.
Directed by Seth Gordon, the film illuminates and draws you into a subculture you never knew existed and makes you genuinely care about its characters.
The remarkable thing about The King of Kong is how its quixotic alternate universe quickly becomes a recognizable microcosm of our own real thing.
Nerds rule.
The big laughs here come from the subjects' self-absorption.
With the results up in the air until the very end of the film, you will care who wins the goofy contest.
A classic video-arcade game becomes the means of an epic struggle in this funny, surprisingly poignant video documentary.
This film's unsentimental salute to a straight shooter is what makes it hit the documentary bull's-eye.
An operatic tragicomedy of rivalry, jealousy, failure, and success.
A gripping yarn, an edge-of-your-seat thriller, as well as a mocking insider's view and a genuine giggle.
This may take place in the insular world of men who spend too much time in front of dimly-lit video screens, but that does not make this very un-Homeric struggle for glory any less engaging.
Improbably compelling... it's every bit the rousing crowd-pleaser I wanted Rocky Balboa to be.
The King of Kong is a cleverly made documentary that realizes you can start with something small and seemingly insignificant and make a highly effective and entertaining work.
Like some of the players it showcases, earns a nearly perfect score...funny, poignant, surprising and satisfying from beginning to end.
Tthe best underdog story in years.
It's almost embarrassing how compelling this film becomes...
Kong has more humor, more drama and more humanity than all of the summer's top 10 movies combined and even delivers some sly commentary on how out of whack American priorities have become.
One of the smartest documentaries of the year, and easily the funniest.
One of the most fascinating films of the year, and it deserves an Oscar nomination for Best Documentary.
It's Over the Top via Nintendo, and it is stunning to behold.
A documentary that is beyond strange.
A pretty great trip down memory lane, even if you were one of the cool kids who managed to avoid the arcade scene.
The film magnificently, and almost inadvertently, captures the story of the American Dream.
A stupendously entertaining nonfiction film concerning the cutthroat battle for world records on coin-operated arcade games.
These two go after the record like they're Cal Ripken, and in the competitive community that surrounds the gaming world, no one would call them 'losers.' Just heroes.
The King of Kong is a twisty, wildly entertaining film, and this comes to you from a guy who cares so little about Kong that he had to Google it to make sure it's correct to refer to it as a video game.
Take maniacal classic video game champion Billy Mitchell, questionable video game world-record organization Twin Galaxies and unemployed dad Steve Wiebe vying to usurp the champ and you've got a great story.
Like all great documentaries, this one transcends its subject matter, so that in the end, it's not just about two guys who play videogames, but about the nature of competition, how we cope with winning and losing and what that tells us about ourselves.
When a gamer tears up over a loss or a records auditor declares the significance of his role in the process ("I see world records set in my room every day"), the film creates characters out of clips, asks viewers to participate in story arcs.
Not since 300 have I seen such manly mano-a-manoing as the iron clash of wills in the documentary The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters.
About ethics and personal character as much as it is about the weird world of die-hard arcade gaming.
...a fascinating portrait of polar opposites driven by different needs within a freakish world of nerdy obsessives. One not need give a hoot about video games to enjoy this taught, tense and thoroughly entertaining documentary.
Seth Gordon's portrait of obsessive classic arcade game players finds high drama and murky intrigue in the competition for the Donkey Kong world record.
The best inspirational sports movie since The Mighty Ducks. Now, I'm not saying it changes the world like D2: The Mighty Ducks did, but for individual achievement, it's there.
The stranger-than-fiction cast of characters is fascinating, and their high-stakes machinations are nothing short of mind-boggling.
The film keeps up a dramatic pace but it never loses sight of the personal stories.
Gordon finds a way to take these relatively normal guys and their simple quest to be the best at something and turns it into a conflict for the ages.
The movie's Rocky formula proves irresistible.
An audience favorite on the film festival circuit, The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters is a laugh-out-loud funny and rousing documentary that's far more compelling than the would-be summer blockbusters crowding the multiplex.
Heartbreaking and hilarious...
A great American comedy. A hilarious and richly human tale of two guys trying to hang on to their own twisted dreams of glory.
No, it is about rediscovering passion, about finding self-confidence, about realizing the best things in your life are the ones you sometimes take for granted.
Thankfully The King of Kong plays it straight and let's the players speak for themselves. In this case, the filmmakers may be giving their subjects just enough rope, as the saying goes.
a fascinating film
A sprightly new documentary that's as compulsively watchable as the vintage video game it focuses on is addictive.
That there is a controversy (admittedly, one that's followed by, oh, 23 people) over who actually has racked up the most points playing an old-school video game is among the more amusing revelations in [an] entertaining, if extremely slanted documentary.
The King of Kong is very entertaining (and doesn't overstay its welcome)...
It may seem overblown when one of the gamers calls Donkey Kong a metaphor for life, but The King of Kong is just that -- a reminder of how we all have to prove ourselves to others.
A hilarious story about an unbelievable collection of arrested-teenage morons and, yes, an inspiring fable of persistence and redemption.
A funny and madly arresting new documentary.
Here's one of those unfolding documentaries where unforeseen events and deeds make the subject more appealing than even the filmmaker expected.Hope, pride, personal identity and an air of fierce competition underlie the enjoyable action.
[The King of Kong] would play like dark comedy were there not such honest-to-God cruelty at its core.
Who would have guessed that a documentary about gamers obsessed with scoring a world record at Donkey Kong would not only be roaringly funny but serve as a metaphor for the decline of Western civilization?
The subtitle of the film is actually an unneeded addition since what the film highlights with piercing exactitude are the lengths grown men won't go to in the long run to prove themselves.
Not unlike the sleeper hit Little Miss Sunshine, this breezy and engaging documentary has a great deal to say about the American fixation on winning and losing.
You don't have to be an '80s kid to see The King of Kong as a metaphor for life itself.
Documentaries can make you concerned for the environment or fascinated by penguins. And now, they can make you cheer for a guy who plays arcade games in his garage.
A clever structure by director Seth Gordon means that The King of Kong ends up more engrossing than its bunch of geeky characters initially suggest.
Hollywood may find it difficult to cast two big-name stars willing to play it as broadly as the real-life hero and villain of this tale. Nor would many self-respecting scriptwriters dare to match the sheer improbability of these actual happenings.
Up there with some of the greastest sports docs in that it truly allows the viewer to experience the thrill of competition and agony of defeat.
A hilarious and moving study of the obsessive competition between the all-time scoring leader on Donkey Kong, an odd Floridian, and a father of two who gets sucked into a world of mind-blowing passive-aggressiveness.
Thoroughly engaging, even as it explores the ugly underbelly of competitive gaming.
I'm amazed at how a few filmmakers can take a story so slight and trivial, and turn it into a 90-minute documentary that's as fascinating as something that Ken Burns put together.
[The subjects] may be a curious sort of renown, but by the end you are enraptured in their struggle to declare and maintain it.
Play[s] a bit like a real-life version of a Christopher Guest mockumentary
[Director] Gordon has made a most improbable film: a documentary -- about frigging Donkey Kong of all things -- that is as compelling and involving as the original Rocky.



@highlight

The King of Kong is funny and compelling with more than a few poignant insights into human behavior. Director Seth Gordon presents the dueling King Kong players in all their obsessive complexity and with perfectly al dente observations.