There's a good movie in here somewhere but Zaillian's muddied storytelling and lack of focus hides it beyond recall.
All the King's Men is a dull movie, mainly due to the fact that it is full of boring characters which are poorly written by writer/director Steven Zaillian and led by an underwhelming Jude Law.
Static and dreary, drained of juice and drenched in "respectable" lighting
"All the King's Men" is a grand scale embarrassment.
Mesmo que não o comparemos ao clássico de 49, este filme constrange pelo roteiro confuso, pela montagem artificial, pelas atuações decepcionantes e pela trilha excessiva, salvando-se apenas a bela fotografia.
...a lush melodrama about the corruptibility of us all.
A "shouty" film... a bit too long, a bit heavy handed with the rhetoric.
Leaves out too much of the story to really work. Why are these people doing what they're doing? If I hadn't seen the 1949 version first, I would not have known.
As much an old-fashioned potboiler as it is a political morality tale.
It's beautifully shot, acted and designed, but there's little cohesion in the story. Maybe one day we'll see a better cut, but for now this is a sadly fumbled opportunity.
We have a series of beautiful threads weaved together in such haphazard fashion that, despite their potential, form a surprisingly ugly quilt.
What should have been an incisive study of the American political scene turns out a lumbering celluloid white elephant.
Penn is terrific and the production values are impressive, but All the King's Men gets lost in a poorly-structured, overly complicated plot that fails to engage.
A Louisiana swamp of overacting and muddled plotlines sinks this cumbersome new version of Robert Penn Warren's political thriller.
The film isn't dreadful: it is just generally disappointing.
It's a typical politician's tale -- all talk and no action.
Plays as a veritable autopsy of itself; to watch the movie is to watch it go wrong, to observe the tempting gleam of the film that might have been grow ever dimmer.
What's worse -- a bad remake of a classic film, or just a bad literary adaptation with delusions of grandeur?
This is a misfire of almost epic proportions, a lavishly produced but wholly hollow and nonsensical adaptation of a magnificently constructed novel.
a powerful story in real life, but it just doesn't come across on film.
Even the brightest stars lose their shine in a dull sky.
If you're going to fail, you might as well do it big.
An unmitigated disaster, choked by miscast actors, suffocated by illogical editing and drowned by a choppy script that offers no real sense of period and no clear delineation of its central themes.
A fine cast is largely wasted in this brooding remake of 1949's Best Picture Oscar winner.
Even when he's drinking or delirious, Willie is more appealing than Jack, whose detours into his own gothic background take the movie off rails.
A clunky, unconvincing drama that's pretty much stillborn from the outset.
The entire political context becomes skewed to the point of illogic...
The actors don't spar, but jab and feint into the stale air that comes with such stuffy, fossilized movies as this. Put together again more for new Oscars than new audiences, it's a handsomely shot disaster.
Gather 'round and marvel at how little Horner and Zaillian think of their leading man.
Zaillian indulges his actors and himself, wasting time on showboating interludes and pretty pictures that halt rather than drive the narrative.
Zaillian's movie is bloated, literary and highfalutin, looking and sounding like it's been reverently adapted from the kind of novel Willie Stark's hicks would never read into the kind of movie they wouldn't be caught dead going to see.
The kind of admirable failure that's worth seeing for what it tries to do -- and for what it sometimes accomplishes.
With his Oscar as scepter, there's no stopping Penn, who plays Stark like a pint-sized Humpty Dumpty in suspenders.
I didn't hate every second of All the King's Men. The film is book-ended by two cool bird's eye shots of the Louisiana State crest...Combined, these symbolic images last about 2-3 minutes. I did, however, hate every other second.
Zallian's examination of corruption and wayward idealism of political plight is nothing but a meager melodrama searching for its scandalous sentiments.
The director can't seem to find a natural rhythm for the movie -- it's portentous and vague at the same time.
...dies from a thousand injudicious cuts, yet it still feels draggy in parts
Democrats and Republicans alike will likely come together in this case to agree that the film is too slowly paced and meandering to be galvanizing.
Just skip this awful film.
It's a slickly produced film that drowns in convoluted plotting and clumsy characterisations.
The actors are all horribly miscast -- including Sean Penn and Jude Law, who, despite their great performances, have no business playing these characters.
The disastrously hollow All the King's Men forgoes entertainment in favor of trying to cause death by way of crushing boredom.
The dots don't connect. The picture is exasperatingly incomplete.
Some will undoubtedly find Penn's ham-boned, spittle-lashing performance a bit much, but it's a pretty close to Warren's original conception.
All the King's Men was suspended in editing limbo for nearly a year, and the final result only makes the mind reel at what it could have been carved from.
It's Zaillian's overdirection that cooks this whole mess into a flavorless gumbo. He never shows you something just once when he could show it twice and never leaves a point unhammered home.
All the King's Men is full of bits that work; unfortunately, they never quite add up to a whole.
It has a labored feel. The editing is choppy, allowing little of the film to flow naturally.
Lavish meandering provides more density than depth, for the one magnet of interest is Willie Stark.
Basically, this remake of All the King's Men is a nice way to take a two-hour nap, despite Sean Penn's fervent attempts to wake you up.
All the King's Men doesn't reveal anything new about the ins and outs of politics, even as it insists, via showy visuals and James Horner's sledgehammer score, that it is revelatory.
Zaillian's script fails to build narrative power or delve deeply enough into character motivation to astonish or move filmgoers, at least to the degree that it should.
All the King's Men looks good. It's beautifully designed and well shot by cinematographer Pawel Edelman. But make no mistake, it's a bad movie.
It's not good, but there's some good stuff in it, as might be expected with a trio of Oscar-winning actors gnawing on a script by director Steve Zaillian.
All the King's Men is the noblest kind of film failure -- high-minded, literary, cautionary, well-cast and pretty well-acted.
Stilted, inert and unpersuasive, Zaillian's film lacks the heat, poetry and resonance that might make its story of political corruption and personal insufficiency grab hold of a modern audience.
Crawford showed us a man who sold his soul to do good and then, soulless, found himself incapable of resisting evil; Penn gives us a smart actor tearing into an awards-baiting role.
[It] isn't going to win any awards for Law, a frantically hamming Penn or anyone else involved.
Failures on the scale of writer-director Steven Zaillian's All the King's Men are as rare as falling sequoias, and they make a noise even if no one's in the woods to hear them.
Not even Sean Penn can put All the King's Men back together again.
It's the kind of picture that is so eager to celebrate its self-importance and social significance, it suffocates under its own seriousness.
There's not enough to look at here, and even less to get emotionally or intellectually invested in.
It's well acted by Sean Penn and Jude Law. The only problem is I didn't care.
All The King's Men has a big cast and a big story and a big, important message, but it all comes across as overwrought and overstuffed.
It's too full of itself; it's too convinced of its own value to be much of any to audiences.
Sean Penn's work here is so mesmerizing, so intense, so guaranteed to put him front and centre when Oscar reads out the nominees, as to almost obscure the multiple failings of the misguided movie around it.
Ungainly and bloated with an unearned sense of self-importance, All the King's Men is nevertheless worth watching for Sean Penn's mesmerizing performance as a corrupt politician who exults in his own dirty ways.
[Zaillian] has made a movie about monsters, not men, and in 2006, it's the men we most need to fear.
Willie Stark ... might have been crude, ruthless and corrupt, but he knew how to rouse an audience. And that's something All the King's Men never quite figures out.
All the King's Men is obviously a movie that has been so rejiggered and downsized, in length and intelligence, that its guiding principles have been sacrificed to the marketplace -- a fate not unlike that of its blustery antihero.
All the King's Men is as wasteful as filmmaking gets.
Instead of bringing this story to bustling, brilliant life, Zaillian and company make it feel as if it belongs behind a glass case in some museum.
No use getting sore that one art form trumps another. It's not the first time an outstanding book became a ponderous film.
Watching All the King's Men's downward tumble makes for perverse fun, with the emphasis on perverse.
All the King's Men has to settle for being something good that makes you want more (like a six-hour HBO movie). That's not to say it isn't filled with fine performances, clever writing and insights into politics that feel absolutely relevant today.
All the King's Men is miscast. The soundtrack is awful. The storyline is confusing. The cinematography is too slick and pretty, when we should be bathed in a sultry, sweaty, sticky, gritty atmosphere.
The unfocused story is so bereft of any clear sense of period or location that the political melodrama sometimes seems to be taking place inside a cigar box.
All the King's Men is a big, important awards-season special with one glaring problem: It doesn't have anything urgent or even interesting to say.
The problem with ... All the King's Men is that it's a political movie where we never really get a sense of politics.
But then, maybe it was too much to ask for Zaillian to pull this one off.
Zaillian does not make things easy for the audience. ... You admire (Stark) for wanting to help the people while at the same time you despise him for his underhanded methods.
An old-fashioned filibuster - a talky exercise designed to wear down any dissenters who might try to point out that the emperor has no clothes.
All the King's Men has so much going for it, but this Louisiana political drama goes off the rails, wandering through a muddle of momentum-stalling flashbacks and poorly rendered accents.
All we're left with is some bayou postcards and Penn screaming from the pulpit: sound and fury that, like too many other pieces of Southern Gothic, signify nothing.
The fact that it falls short of the greatness it so obviously strives for doesn't mean it isn't a good film.
While sitting with critics for the first ever press screening of Steve Zaillian's "All the King's Men," I didn't know whether to laugh at Sean Penn on the screen or be awed by his performance.
Unanswered questions leave you wondering if entire subplots ended up on the cutting room floor, and by the end of the film, you wonder who or what it was supposed to be about.
Ponderous and pretentious - nstead of a timeless, relevant political commentary, it just feels discordant and tediously dated.
...eminently watchable, but when it's over it turns out not to have been very satisfying.
At just over two hours - not bad for a semi-fictional bio-epic - All the King's Men still feels bloated. And by the end of the (ego) trip, you know what it's filled with: arrogance.
Penn delivers the most egregious Foghorn Leghorn impersonation since Dennis Quaid in Great Balls of Fire.
tedious, confusing and, like so many campaign promises, thoroughly hollow. ... Wait until you get an earful of the torturous 'Leezyuhna' accents of Law, James Gandolfini and particularly Sean Penn...
It's hard to believe that so many good actors can be put to such poor use.
Zaillian sells short the faceoff of shrewd old guard and scrappy proletariat by looking away just when the twain meet.
All the polish, star power, and prestige can't save the film from becoming a gargantuan bore.
Possesses what any attempted 'prestige picture' should dread: a conspicuous sense of self-importance.
If it weren't for the fact that the movie isn't very good, it would probably stand a chance of fulfilling its transparent Oscar dreams.
I'd pay good money to get a shorter, more coherent version of this movie ... preferably with sub-titles.
The film arrives much like its anti-hero Willie Stark with a lot of passionate arm-flailing and a populace destined to be disappointed in what he ultimately delivers.
How can you mess up a movie with Sean Penn, Anthony Hopkins, Patricia Clarkson and Tony Soprano? Watch All The King's Men to find out, and watch their Oscar hopes flicker out as the movie limps towards its finale.
Sean Penn is expectedly dynamic...but even he cannot overcome a film that has him turn on a dime from duped small timer to Machiavellian manipulator.
This is the stuff of soap operas, not serious cinema and certainly not great literature.
In the end this murky remake functions mainly as a plain-wrapper setting for a fancy piece of acting that gets lost in a void. Who needs it? Who needed it in the first place?
It's a shame to see Zaillian corrupt his snappy script with his own heavy filmmaking
We never quite know what Willie Stark does stand for, aside from the fact that we're repeatedly told he's a man of the people. Penn's performance has the opacity of solid brick.
Seems like every year around this time, a group of serious, mostly British actors decide to affect exaggerated Southern accents and don period costumes, in the service of making some popular novel look ridiculously affected onscreen.
All the King's Men aspires to be a profound commentary on political corruption, but it's more of a vehicle for scenery-chewing by Sean Penn.
Penn is convincing as a man of complicated fury whose sense of thwarted entitlement on behalf of his community metastasizes through his administration.
These characters and their effect upon each other are so poorly developed that it seems as if large chunks of the plot are missing.
Overthought, overwrought and thuddingly underwhelming.
An intricate, subtly rewarding narrative whose uncompromising nature and undeniable moral seriousness make it far from business as usual, even in the ever-decreasing world of quality Hollywood filmmaking.
Although there's a tremendous amount of firepower on-screen, much of it goes to waste, as Zaillian struggles to maintain momentum.
[Penn's] performance misses both the moral lesson of Willie's rise and fall, and his charisma: he's not sympathetic enough in the first act or menacing enough in the final one.
Half of the film will excite you, and the other half will help you take a nap in the theater.
All the King's Men runs too long and suffers from some big indulgences, but it's not a total disaster, mostly because Sean Penn is so riveting to watch.
Like an electioneering candidate, Steve Zaillian's version of All the Kings Men makes a lot of promises but fails to deliver the goods.
As for Stark's hellfire and brimstone speeches to the masses, Sean Penn's forced delivery and mock Southern dialect simply do not sell. Is Penn miscast? Yes.
All the King's Men hasn't been directed so much as over-directed, although the result, when you make an effort to filter out all the film school pyrotechnics, is an honorable run at Robert Penn Warren's classic novel.
You sense this could be a good movie and that the people involved were the right people but that they have come up way short.
Penn is given very little to do, after the first half hour or so, except connive and exhort and flail his arms. If you were to plot his character arc on a graph, it would mostly resemble a flat line.
Stranger still, the usually brilliant Mark Ruffalo is spacey and awkward, as if the marijuana-addled scientist he played in Eternal Sunshine has taken over the role.
In essence, a wild soap opera disguised as a political allegory, it's a movie, with its over-the-map performances, that is worth catching only for the inadvertent laugh or two.
This new All the King's Men is appropriately novelistic and detailed, bearing all the fruits and trappings of a direct-from-the-book retelling.
Watching scene after scene linger and expire in this haplessly faithful version of the 1946 Robert Penn Warren novel, it's impossible to tell what compelled adapter-director Steven Zaillian to address the material in the first place.
All the King's Men has all the ingredients of thrilling political drama without actually being very dramatic.
Penn's over-the-top take on the character made me think of Jim Belushi impersonating Joe Cocker on Saturday Night Live.
The movie contains lots of sound and fury, but alas, it signifies nothing.
Like Polonius in "Hamlet," All the King's Men takes on airs as it pretends to explain the mysteries of life although it really says nothing of significance.
Jude Law must be tired: His accent logs thousands of frequent flier miles going back and forth between Law's native Britain and his character's native South.
It's possible for a movie to go wrong from the opening frame, and All the King's Men shows how.
Despite all its exhausting striving, All the King's Men is simply not a great, or even good, movie.
In its best moments, All the King's Men exhorts us to sit back and reflect on the dark choices we are all capable of making in the name of power.
It's appalling. Mostly because Penn is appalling.
If ever there was a wrong man for the job of committing to film this Democrat idealist and thug, it's the fastidious Steven Zaillian.
Penn is ... playing the part of Great Actor more than the part of Willie Stark.
Stark will start a speech in front of a few people, then throngs scamper in after he finishes his first sentence. By the end of his speeches he gets the crowd to chant catch-phrases. Willie Stark totally could have hosted "TRL."
Zaillian has made a flawed but good film that's better than 90 percent of the stuff that gets produced nowadays.
Sean Penn's histrionics, convoluted story telling, poorly defined characters, accents so heavy they make dialogue hard to comprehend, make this too-long film an ordeal to sit through.
All the King's Men is grounded in Huey Long's Louisiana, but the issues the novel so lyrically explores are universal.
Flaws of theatricality are everywhere, but I channel my condemnation mostly to what writing excess brings in the way of subject fatigue.
Instead of being important, All the King's Men is merely self-important -- and pretentious and bombastic, but ultimately hollow.
All around him, Penn's costars retract in defeat.
A sorry and misguided rehash of Robert Penn Warren's famous 1946 novel.
Those familiar with the novel will undoubtedly agree that reading it is a more satisfying experience than watching this disappointing film. One expects more -- much more, in fact -- with cast of this caliber.
Pretty much a mess, misconceived in the most fundamental ways and badly cast.
Sometimes I wish they'd just cancel the Oscars, because then gaseous, lumbering elephants like All the King's Men would have no reason to exist.
Penn goes for larger-than-life, wrapping his pinched frown around an unintelligible Louisiana drawl and swinging his arms like an autistic evangelist.
Flailing arms and empty sentiments lay waste to a shaky narrative.
Sean Penn demonstrates how a great Method actor can make the world's most unconvincing rabble-rouser.
Zaillian's movie is much more a reimagining than a remake, and it's much more faithful to the tone of the novel, which is by no means easy to duplicate.
so swept up in being an important and timely film that it somehow never quite gets around to being either, much less both
A misfire, this remake is marred by misconception of Warren's novel, inexplicable shift of time frame from 1930s to 1950s, glamorous but unsuitable cast (mostly British), glitzy but incongruent style for story of corrupt politicos in sweaty Louisiana
Unlikely to win any Best Picture nominations, though don't be surprised of Sean Penn gets considered for another Oscar.
Brilliant performance by Penn ruined by a lousy script and muddy subplots.
One suspects, however, that Zaillian and a vast team of producers and executive producers that includes political consultant and pundit James Carville believe they are making a serious commentary on American politics. It comes closer to kitsch.
Overstuffed and fatally miscast, All the King's Men never comes to life.

@highlight

With a scenery-chewing performance from Sean Penn, an absence of political insight, and an overall lack of narrative cohesiveness, these Men give Oscar bait a bad name.