If you don't leave the theatre wanting to visit France and eat Indian food, then you didn't enjoy it as much as I did. [Full review in Spanish]
With its fine cast, glorious setting, and countless scenes of mouthwatering menus, The Hundred-Foot Journey is an appetizing alternative to summer's superheroes and zombies.
If you can deal with the uneven narrative - and in this case there's no reason you shouldn't - there is a lot to like about this film.
Reality-bites are fleeting here. This is a food fairytale which prefers the sweet to the tart, cream to the karelas of life. Yet, it takes all those tastes to create a great dish.
It may play out predictably, and feature more fake fireworks than it should, but The Hundred-Foot Journey is charming, with enough heart and genuine laughs to forgive its formulaic nature.
How wrong can you go shooting in the south of France? Or shooting Helen Mirren? Not with a gun. She can turn 103 and she'll still be alluring, even when she's being haughty.
Everything that happens does so purposefully to get to the next checkpoint, but in a naturalistic way thanks to the humor and performances.
... a film for our culture: a feel-good foodie drama of racial tolerance, cross-cultural acceptance, and fusion cuisine.
... a film for our culture: a feel-foodie drama of racial tolerance, cross-cultural acceptance, and fusion cuisine.
... dishes out a mostly flavorful blend of comedy and drama, with a dash of poignancy, which helps to overcome its blander ingredients.
Doesn't show enough vitality, in spite of a good cast
Familiar yet diverting
Director Lasse Hallström started out with dessert 14 years ago and has now gone on to the main course in this delectable new romantic comedy about food wars.
Puri is great fun as the indomitable head of the family, and Mirren convinces as the grand dame, despite dishing out her lines in an accent that staunchly refuses to set.
Swedish director Lasse Hallström serves up the cinematic equivalent of comfort food, but if that is your fare of choice then this culinary culture-clash comedy will go down a treat.
The Hundred-Foot Journey is a culinary culture-clash comedy enlivened by fiery performances from Helen Mirren and Om Puri but which, like so many other Lasse Hallström films, slowly turns to gloop the longer it lasts.
Clearly aimed at the grey euro market, at least The Hundred-Foot Journey knows what it's about and goes about its business with honest efficiency.
There is a good-bad film lurking within this grey-pound comedy from arch-sentimentalist Lasse Hallström.
Even though the whole thing lacks depth, it is made with passion.
If The Hundred-Foot Journey ultimately proves no spicier than chicken tikka masala for the soul, that's Chef Lasse for you. At his comforting best - and this is close to it - nobody does it milder.
You can tell where all of this might be headed but that doesn't detract from the pleasure of a warmhearted, fairytale drama that doesn't need to be taken too seriously.
Cliche piles on cliche, but it's good-natured, undemanding fun.
All blandishments aside, the underlying optimism and engaging performances make for a thoroughly agreeable dish. And it all looks yum.
A relentlessly smiley-glowy tone threatens to undo this film at every turn, but it's just about rescued by a spiky script and the adept cast.
Far more like a chicken korma, when in truth, you'd much rather have a lamb jalfrezi.
This rather picaresque tale of an Indian family opening a restaurant in rural France never really indulges our senses.
An overdone and overlong bland middle-brow food pic, that uncomfortably sticks to your ribs with its overload on life lessons.
Predictably convenient but gently entertaining film about how cooking can bridge cultures and persuade the passions.
it's formulaic and predictable, just like so many of Hallstrom's romantic films...and it's done with the conviction and quality performances needed to sell what is essentially a perfectly prepared bowl of romantic mush.
The food looks delicious in The Hundred-Foot Journey, but Lasse Hallstrom's movie mostly serves corn.
A good example, to borrow a foodie analogy, of a good chef turning mundane ingredients into a tasty dish.
If the movie is high on gastronomy, it also redefines cooking with gas.
Lasse Hallström isn't as interested in food porn as he is in food romanticism.
If this movie were an entrée, it would be full of crowd-pleasing ingredients combined with no regard to the whole flavor profile.
The film is strong if unsurprising and does exactly what the filmmakers and the audience wanted it to do.
The culinary craft on display is indeed mouth-watering, but it is the film's winning collection of wonderful characters that will truly satisfy all tastes.
When it comes to character development, Manish Dayal, as Hassan, and Le Bon are sold short, landed with thankless, undeveloped roles.
It isn't a great film, but it's a very enjoyable one.
I found the film mildly enjoyable.
Helen Mirren is amazing, and every element of the movie is her equal. Top of the summer crop.
A luminous Helen Mirren leads a first-rate cast in this familiar but thoroughly charming and appealing culture-clash, food-centered romantic comedy.
Charm With A Layer of Humor
The Hundred-Foot Journey is a film that's screaming out "FEEL GOOD! FEEL GOOD!" but it needed to do a lot more to convince me.
Cultures clash in the kitchen in warm family drama.
It's curry vs. crepes in this culture-clash romantic comedy set in small-town France. We know where the plot is headed; the joy is in watching it play out.
This is an actress (Mirren)of consummate power and a director, Lasse Hallstrom, with the intelligence to trust his actors to tell their story with sensitivity, and his audience to grasp the subtleties of the process.
And, yes, "The Hundred-Foot Journey" falls back on a few clichés. Honestly, though, they are not that detrimental to the film, which is more a celebration of creativity and spirit.
A delightful film filled with fun and food, funny and heart-warming.
There aren't a lot of surprises in Lasse Hallström's latest film, "The Hundred-Foot Journey", but that's not important. In fact, the movie, based on Richard C. Morais' best-selling novel, is utterly predictable --- but who cares?
If towering works like Babette's Feast and Eat Drink Man Woman register as the James Deen and Jenna Jameson equivalents, then this latest example of "food porn" comes across more like the category's Ron Jeremy.
Disappointingly, the talented Lasse Hallström has reduced the poignancy and earthiness to cinematic dross
I loved the book with its incongruous elements of food, culture clash and dreams, but the film is nothing but a schmaltzy saccharine shadow constructed with commercial realities in mind
As satisfying as your mom's favorite casserole, 'The Hundred-Foot Journey' is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
This is also a feel-good foodie film that require a tolerance for watching actors chewing mouthfuls then going into ecstasies, usually without describing much more detail about flavours or how it tastes besides "mmmm, it's delicious."
This is gentle Hallström's salvageable France, one where understanding, decency, love, and the cooking of really kickass omelettes drives crabby naysayers to tears of joy.
Despite how predictable and obvious this movie made itself, it still managed to win me over and resonate by the end.
The Hundred-Foot Journey is a by the numbers, yet charming, handsome, and well-acted dramedy that the whole family can enjoy.
Linus Sandgren's camera caresses the cuisine like an ecstatic lover. It brought out the foodie in me.
...this is the movie version of a tuna fish sandwich, not haute cuisine.
Despite being a bit too long, more than a bit predictable and a whole lot of corny, it has a lot of heart, and like a platter of yummy things presented by a hostess who relentlessly pours on the charm, it eventually wears down your resistance.
Mirren's Madame Mallory unctuously oozes her dedication to perfection from every pore -- and it's truly delicious to watch her work her magic up on the screen.
Starts with some quality ingredients ... But Hallström is an uninspired chef who's produced a bland, unbalanced, predictable dish.
Hallström, who also directed Chocolat, follows the foodie-cinema aesthetic by filming the dishes in a gleaming sumptuousness designed to make you famished.
When a director serves up a film like The Hundred-Foot Journey with so many layers of passion, it's a rich and creamy treat.
A deft mix of food, love, and humanism, The Hundred-Foot Journey is an unapologetic crowd-pleaser.
Hallström designs The Hundred-Foot Journey to provoke smiles, tears, and stomach growls. It's not filling, but it's tasty.
Young love! Old recipes! With cardamoms on top! Sounds like a Lasse Hallström movie.
The great Om Puri steals the film. A fun foodie movie, even if it is 20 minutes too long.
Food porn with a sweet albeit predictable menu.
It's predictable but digestible. Hallstrom is always sincere, even in sugary moments.
...an overlong running time and needlessly prolonged narrative.
"The Hundred-Foot Journey" is about as predictable as romantic comedies get.
There is softcore food porn and there is hardcore food porn, and Lasse Hallstrom's drama is of the sort that would be banned in several Southern states.
Here's a movie that covers too much ground and in the process loses focus on what should be its primary draw - the cuisine..."The Hundred-Foot Journey" feels like a five mile race where some joker's kept moving the finishing line.
The chef characters would know better than to serve anything so sugary.
At its core, The Hundred-Foot Journey is a movie about good food, and one man's passion for cooking.
One of the characters, no doubt alluding to Proust, says, "Food is memories." Unfortunately, this is one movie about food that I'm forgetting already.
It's the movie version of comfort food. Except even in comfort food there's a difference between something made from scratch, and something that comes out of a box. And "The Hundred-Foot Journey" still tastes of powdered cheese.
It would be curmudgeonly to count all the ways in which The Hundred-Foot Journey is unsurprising, unrealistic, unnecessary.
'Slumdog Millionaire' meets 'Ratatouille' in this somewhat bland culinary comedy.
Helen Mirren is delightful in this lovely little cinematic treat.
If only The Hundred-Foot Journey had a bit more flavor it could have been quite the savory dish.
Comfort food for those who go for this sort of thing, but too much of a heaping of cinematic material we've already consumed in previous films. (Complete Content Review for Parents also available)
...The Hundred-Foot Journey, which goes down like ice cream during two-thirds of its running time, starts feeling overstuffed toward its final act...
This GMO hybrid of foodie drama, culture-clash comedy, travelogue, and romance gently establishes, in middlebrow just-go-with-it fashion, the tone of a fable.
Food is the great equalizer in 'The Hundred-Foot Journey.'
The Hundred-Foot Journey is vintage Hallstrom - genial and meditative, focusing more on characters and emotions than an overcooked plot. The story is simple; the people inhabiting the movie make this worth seeing.
It's a rare delight to watch Puri and Mirren play off each other.
The Hundred-Foot Journey is a feel-good movie so intent on making its audience feel good that it ladles its more sentimental aspects when only a pinch would have done.
Awards material it's not, but the movie knows its intentions and audience, and cooks everything up into a satisfying meal.
Everything that happens in The Hundred-Foot Journey is a foregone conclusion.
If there is room for romantic fantasy in your life, this cinematic equivalent of comfort food goes down easy enough, and it's hard to begrudge it that.
Apart from the scenic location of Saint-Antonin-Noble-Val and the equally enthralling shots of Indian and French cuisine, what remains is a pleasant if rather syrupy tale of clashing cultures.
"The Hundred-Foot Journey" is likely neither to pique your appetite nor to sate it, leaving you in a dyspeptic limbo, stuffed with false sentiment and forced whimsy and starved for real delight.
It must be said that it goes down rather well, although full enjoyment requires that all cynicism be left simmering on the back burner.
Overall, it's tough to grumble about such a sturdy and crowd-pleasing soufflé.
A moving piece of food porn, The Hundred-Foot Journey is a familiar tale enlivened by some sensitive, sincere touches.
The film is rife with tired food metaphors and plot twists so predictable you see them coming like travelers on the poplar-lined street that leads to the dueling restaurants.
The folk-wisdom level is tolerable, just as the clichés and manipulations are palatable, because the story is full of life, and free of ironic additives.
Basically a promo reel for small-town France and Gallo-Indian food fusion. Anyone who requires a more substantial meal should eat before heading to the theater.
Like a serving of lukewarm creamed corn, The Hundred-Foot Journey is easy to consume, but very unsatisfying afterwards.
Yes, I know I'm being manipulated, but may I please have another serving?
There's comfort food and there are comfort movies. In Lasse Hallstrom's "The Hundred-Foot Journey," you get a full helping of both. And guess what? It's all very comforting.
The characters here exist for the plot, and the plot exists for swooning sensuality, adorable romance, and warm feelings about our shared humanity.
I'll spare you my usual rant about the decadence of foodies, but it should be obvious by now that, despite their discerning tastes, the movies catering to them are the artistic equivalent of dinner at the Olive Garden.
A picturesque, well-acted comedy about the culinary education of a young Indian cook who emigrates to the south of France, The Hundred-Foot Journey is elevated comfort food.
It's soothing, easily digested comfort food. Which is to say it's the perfect recipe for a filmmaker like Hallström.
Although the outcome is as predetermined as a prix-fixe menu, the storytelling is as smooth as goose-liver pate through a pastry nozzle.
By the time "The Hundred-Foot Journey" ends, it has achieved an unexpected and rather powerful cumulative impact. I felt like I knew the people and wouldn't mind staying there.
An enchanting movie about family solidarity and the soulful dimensions of cooking.
The movie offers no colorful villains, no sharp turns or surprises, little drama, chuckles instead of laughs, and a somewhat pokey and predictable plot. And I enjoyed every minute of it.
Certainly feel-good and mouth-watering, yet it's missing original spices and a smooth editorial flow, trying too hard to hit all the reassuring moments without ever establishing penetrative conflict to begin with.
Despite being handsomely crafted, well acted and even sufficiently enjoyable, "The Hundred-Foot Journey" is also conventional and predictable.
"The Hundred-Foot Journey" manages to be a full meal, using all the ingredients at its disposal.
For a film that champions the transcendent power of spice, The Hundred-Foot Journey is awfully bland.
Like a tasty comfort-food meal you've eaten countless times before, Lasse Hallström's "The Hundred-Foot Journey" is utterly predictable yet thoroughly pleasant.
Its characters may cook up dishes that are vibrant and daring, but The Hundred-Foot Journey is strictly bland comfort food.
The Hundred-Foot Journey feels like a 500 mile walk, traveling down the same "uplifting" road so many heartwarming tales have previously explored.
This is an occasionally striking journey that seems to last just a little too long, yet at its best it is an appealing romantic drama.
Deliciously poignant, if highly improbable, spicy fairy tale for foodies.
This feel-good tale about an Indian family setting up a restaurant across the road from one with a Michelin star celebrates things all cultures can get behind: family, food and transformation.
A mouth-watering and charming - if overlong - romantic comedy-drama about an immigrant family opening an Indian restaurant in a most unlikely location: the South of France.
Dawdles, like a meal that drags on and on because the waiter is too busy texting to bother bringing you the check.
'The Hundred-Foot Journey' is so thin it could only be based on a true story. But it's not. It's from a novel seized upon by Oprah (of course).
Ultimately, the lack of surprises becomes moot because this Helen Mirren-starrer delivers a feel-good/looks-great experience that might even seduce a good portion of upscale audiences happier when feasting on edginess and intellectual challenge.
The film should have taken a cue from its spice-loving subjects and jacked up the heat.
Given all these lovely ingredients ... why is the final product so bland - and, not to lay on too many cooking metaphors, reductive?
A Hallmark greeting card of a movie that will be loved by the sentimental folks in the audience and grudgingly appreciated by others.
Almost embarrassingly enjoyable, despite the fact that - or maybe because - it's ridiculous in a shiny, Hollywood way.
An immigrant tale of immense heart, salivating visuals and charming performances.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Even if its romantic tension gets muddled, and the film's pacing and editing go out the window in the third act, "The Hundred-Foot Journey" manages to connect its head, heart, and stomach...
Colorful locales and exotic spices can't hide its essential blandness.
Visually lush and all-around professionally mounted but dramatically inert.
It delivers the kind of sentimental sledgehammering I found myself willing to forgive, but once the story goes off on a pointless tangent, the whole soufflé collapses.
It contrasts the heat and intensity of Indian cooking with the elegance and refinement of French haute cuisine, then balances the two with a feel-good lesson in ethnic harmony.

@highlight

Director Lasse Hallström does lovely work and Helen Mirren is always worth watching, but The Hundred-Foot Journey travels predictable ground already covered by countless feel-good dramedies.