Of the "seven days" in the title, days 1 and 7 are considerably more exciting than 2 through 6.
Admirably attempts to tell an important and complex historical event in the context of an accessible thriller.
[The film] is superficial in every aspect... [Full review in Spanish]
I'm sure some will accuse it of making excuses for terrorism or going easy on the hijackers, but that misses the point. It's a heartfelt plea for a peaceful settlement to a seemingly intractable situation.
Helped by both the screenplay and his fine cast, Padilha has established already that his version is going to be deliberately thought-provoking.
The war-room negotiations are tautly realised. Bruhl and Pike are excellent, as ever... Still, it's hard to see who the film is for.
Ultimately, whilst it's not a 100% accurate representation of the real life Operation Entebbe, this account based on historian Saul David's book of the raid is a thrilling and captivating ride.
There is plenty to admire, but Entebbe ultimately doesn't deserve the must-see accolade.
The story is interesting and still relevant so as a historical narrative it works fine, but as an engaging tale, less so.
That all-action ending is thrown away in a matter of minutes by a film that spends 100 minutes building to a climax that never happens, and makes a hash of telling a great story.
Jose Padilha's film (with Daniel Brühl and Rosamund Pike) is desperately short of tension.
What a waste.
Padhila repeatedly yanks us out of the drama, deflating the tension each time.
If your twin passions are hijack thrillers and modern dance, this is the film for you. For everyone else, this often ludicrous film will frustrate and bewilder.
Unfortunately, admirable efforts to cram in various important players leads to the central characters being shunted and a message which is almost as muddled as the thinking of the militant revolutionaries.
As a history lesson for a younger audience, it has some value, but it should by right have been the best Entebbe movie, not the second or third.
The most discernible terror comes not from the hostages huddled in the terminal, who are little more than extras, but from the sense of a director too paralysed by the fear of causing offence to take a perspective.
Ultimately, Entebbe delivers a worthwhile history lesson. But as a thriller, it fails by a distance to be as nail-bitingly tense and dramatic as the event it chronicles.
At a time when we're seeing a shocking resurgence of anti-semitism, this film might have delivered an eye-opening jolt, but instead it feels bloodless and semi-detached.
Here [director José Padilha] divides the narrative into multiple points of view, and manages to imbricate them with enough skill so that the suspense is never lost. [Full review in Spanish]
The film's determination to remain politically even-handed robs much of the drama of any sense of urgency or purpose.
Like the hijacking itself, you can't help feeling it was all for nothing.
It's a film which stays glumly on the tarmac.
How do you tell a thrice-told story a fourth time and keep it fresh? Possibly you don't and can't.
Director José Padilha insists on intercutting key action scenes with a modern dance performance by the Batsheva Dance Company. It's a brave, arty device that, sadly, fails to work. In fact it's downright distracting.
Neither an exciting thriller nor a worthy examination of the human aspect of hostage situations, *Entebbe* tries to do both, an approach that ultimately sinks the film.
The film is absorbing enough in its own terms but ends up caught in a no man's land between character-based political drama and explosive action-adventure.
Padilha is a skilled director who invests plenty of earthy energy to the film, including a bracing sense of authenticity in the way it is designed and photographed.
It sometimes sacrifices explanation in favor of moving the story forward, creating plot holes. [Full Review in Spanish]
Several films were made about Entebbe in the aftermath of the hijacking [...] none of which have aged well, and it is unlikely that this US-UK co-production will fare much better.
In [7 Days in Entebbe] the result is a film that is ideologically useless and executed in a futile competence. [Full Review in Spanish]
Instead of giving in and approaching the humanity of all story that is entertaining but not exactly enriching. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Jose Padilha seems to be conflicted about the story he is trying to tell. He must know that people who point guns at children's heads, no matter how noble their long-term goals may be, are inherently unsympathetic.
The movie does a decent job laying out the choices - moral, political and military - facing the Israeli cabinet
Instead, 7 Days In Entebbe feels like an underwhelming historical documentary rather than the gripping crime thriller it was marketed as.
Padilha clearly wants 7 Days in Entebbe to encourage the peace process between Israel and Palestine, but in the effort to pursue noble ends, Padilha may have sacrificed what could have been a better movie.
Like the passengers held hostage in Uganda in the feature's true tale, 7 Days in Entebbe is stuck in limbo.
7 Days in Entebbe feels authentic in just about every way, but doesn't always inspire strong feelings towards any particular aspect.
Part of what makes Entebbe a frustrating watch is its steadfast refusal to pass moral judgement on almost anyone in its cast.
Too bad the depiction of their ultimate rescue operation lacks the urgency exhibited by the cast.
The production, from the hijacking itself through to the rescue and aftermath, is solid
7 Days in Entebbe is absorbing for much of its running time, maintaining interest as it cuts back and forth between the terrorists, the hostages, and the government suits. It's only during the home stretch that the picture largely falls apart.
Straight-forward but entertaining fact-based drama with some good performances and an arresting climax.
Even a top Israeli dance troupe can't rescue this undercooked and umpteenth retelling on the heroic 1976 raid on Entebbe to rescue hijacked airline passengers.
I just couldn't connect emotionally to anything that was happening, and as marvelous as it all might look and sound, 7 Days in Entebbe in the end proves to be a forgettable terrorism procedural I'd rather not have seen.
This is clearly a missed opportunity with material already tailor-made for a riveting, dramatic thriller. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
It's rare to see a story this stirring told by a filmmaker so tone deaf as to what its most compelling aspects are.
[It] is a serious, thought-provoking attempt to get the behind-the-scenes details straight. But I'm not sure it was really necessary. And I'm not sure its effort to "humanize" the misguided anti-Semitic German radicals behind it really works.
7 Days in Entebbe does little to make that conclusion feel like more than a faint hope, an afterthought rather than a genuine expression of conviction.
The instinct to explore the complex realities that created this harrowing situation is the right one. It's simply not realized sharply enough.
All in all, a turbulent ride to a known destination.
Curiously old-fashioned, with Germans, Israelis, Palestinians and French speaking accented English. Particularly caricaturistic are Marson's Shimon Perez, all caterpillar eyebrows and sneers, and Pike, a pill-popping revolutionary with a faraway stare.
poignant and powerful
7 Days in Entebbe tries to be a revision of the formidable Steven Spielberg film Munich...but it lacks the sincere self relfection of that film. [Full Review in Spanish]
One of history's greatest hostage rescues deserves better than this. The nicest thing I can say about 7 Days is that it's terrible. The adjectives go downhill from there.
Based on real-life events, this dramatic thriller somehow lacks both drama and thrills. 7 Days in Entebbe concentrates on motivations rather than personalities, and its focus on details seems more dutiful than interesting.
There's plenty of drama there to be mined, and a reasonable amount of tension, but it falters when it comes to zeroing in on an emotional component to set it apart.
It doesn't quite hit its target in providing an emotional resonance or political relevance for today.
Want a biased take on the 1976 hijacking? You won't find it here ... phew!
Give the filmmakers credit, they had an idea for something no one had ever done before. What they didn't realize is that there was a reason for this: The idea was horrible.
This feels no more riveting than watching people watch one of the previous tellings of the story.
[T]hese characters come across, at most, as shallow representatives for their respective side or, at least, pawns in an admittedly detailed dramatization of history.
Padilha is trying something noble here: to give every side its due. Unfortunately, he gives us a lesson in moral complexity instead of a movie.
'7 Days in Entebbe' should keep you on the edge of your seats. Instead, it makes you sit back and doze off.
Errs too often on the side of talky political debate, failing to generate much suspense until its final half-hour or so.
Spellbinding! A rousing, intelligent and engrossing thriller! It's this year's Argo!
A serviceable thriller that might have been something more.
This is a political thriller that's woefully short on thrills.
Padilha captures some of this weirdness, but his meandering narrative never seems certain where to focus. It's entirely possible to reduce seven days to less than two hours, but you need to know which seconds count.
Even a tight timeline can't keep the movie on track.
For those who follow world politics and the Middle-East closely, this film offers compelling insights with strong artistic sensibilities.
In the end, it's a reasonably well done film with no compelling purpose.
All of the narrative tension is taken out of the hostage situation and relocated to these government offices, where it gasps and withers.
Has some strong points but makes a few strange choices that hobble its effectiveness.
Taut with anxiety, "7 Days in Entebbe" is a powerful example of how dramatizing a well-recorded chapter of history can still generate hard-hitting suspense.
It boasts a strong international cast doing its best to keep an occasionally tense but too often turgid historical thriller from playing like a poor man's version of Steven Spielberg's Munich.
While 7 Days in Entebbe is a good film, it falls short of being great...What worked was a solid story, a rescue plan that was easy to follow, fantastic acting, and a fair presentation of all viewpoints and opinions.
The dance's themes of conformity and deviation resonate powerfully with the movie's true theme, which questions whether Israel's robotic stance of non-negotiation has been effective, in the long run.
It's very easy to see all the things that went wrong during that Air France hijacking; it's a lot harder to figure out how 7 Days in Entebbe made so many consistently bad choices.
It may still be light years away from a masterpiece like Steven Spielberg's Munich, but it has an urgent tick-tock suspense that's hard to deny.
After a good start, even the reliable Daniel Brühl and Rosamund Pike quickly are reduced to standing around looking grim and, frankly, a little bored.
Neither a rousing military showcase nor a barbed commentary on the Middle East, 7 Days in Entebbe is both safe and unsatisfying.
The British actress Rosamund Pike, alas, is a disaster as Kuhlmann.
José Padilha's taut thriller about the 1976 hostage crisis is fatally compromised by cheap moral equivalence.
The "action" -- most of it waiting around -- unfolds over seven days, and ultimately, 7 Days doesn't deliver much more than the TV movies of the 1970s.
With a deft docudrama approach (that doesn't overdo the usual extra-shaky handheld camera and overtly grainy visual tone), Padilha shows a commendable technical control over that rare movie that could have benefitted from being much longer.
The film ... gestures toward relevance without finding a coherent historical or political point of view.
Never terrible, nor never more than dramatically adequate.
I would have preferred watching the Batsheva Dance Company for two hours
The dialogue errs on the side of the didactically obvious: "You are here because you hate your country. I am here because I love mine."
The end result is likely to leave viewers scratching their heads. What the ...?
Entebbe would have been far better served to simply tell the story of what happened, not set a stage for political speechifying. Every other movie about Israel does that, you'd think if any story could stay focused on some glory it would be this one.
It may not feel like the Air France passengers have spent seven days as hostages, but it certainly feels like seven days have passed sitting through this film.
The conflation of historical complexities makes for cheap pathos throughout, complete with weeping mothers and the seemingly endless dredging up of the terrorists' obvious moral equivalence.
The hijacking of an Air France passenger jet on a flight from Tel Aviv to Paris in June 1967 has been celebrated and cross-examined in documentaries as well as left to Charles Bronson to resolve in a 1976 action film. Did we really need another version?
It's strong stuff. And then it all goes down the drain.
We're left right where we started, and with nothing to show for it but a fleeting reminder that peace is impossible without negotiation. It's a lesson that history has failed to teach us, filtered through a movie that doesn't understand why.
Given the narrative here, 7 Days in Entebbe should be more suspenseful than it is, lacking in that same degree of intensity that came with Argo, as the film, much like the hijacker's endeavour, does get somewhat tedious the longer it goes on.
There is a more polemic, thought-provoking work somewhere in "7 Days in Entebbe," held hostage by its commercial appeal.
Director José Padilha's task was simple: find something new to say about the 1970s most famous air rescue. To that end, he ably succeeds at his goal, even if the project itself never quite soars.
"Surprise and speed is the key," someone comments at one point; the only surprise is how unspeedy and unsurprising this project turned out to be.
Although much of the film is effectively claustrophobic, it is too bogged down by exposition to fully take off.
One listless week.

@highlight

7 Days in Entebbe has a worthy story to tell, but loses sight of its most compelling elements in a dull dramatization of riveting real-life events.