Citizenfour creates a powerful dystopia.
The profoundly personal cost of taking action is rendered explicit in the story of Edward Snowden.
Poitras isn't there to question his motives or the rightness of his cause, she's there to bear witness. This film is her document on why his actions matter and what it cost Snowden.
[1984] is looking less like fiction with each passing day.
Yes, we should be concerned about what our government is up to, but we should also be skeptical of Citizenfour.
This is film as activism, and documentary filmmaking as dissension.
This is a brave, bold and important film.
For all the film's superficial slickness, it's a mess.
As much as it resembles a conspiracy thriller in which data encryption is a survival tactic, Citizenfour must be considered, above all, a journalistic achievement.
The most frightening aspect of the documentary is a suggestion that this is only the dawn of what's to come.
A risky and revelatory documentary weakened only by its awesome source.
Although Snowden has been depicted by his detractors as a gutless, narcissistic traitor fleeing the law, the Edward Snowden I saw in this film is quite different. He is very intelligent and is aware of the cost of his actions to himself and others.
Bold docu explores Edward Snowden's controversial actions.
Citizenfour (named after Snowden's codename of choice) is paced like the great paranoid-man political thrillers of the 1970s... Poitras makes this potentially-tedious exercise seem claustrophobic in the most enthralling way.
Director Laura Poitras presents a portrait of whistleblower Edward Snowden that is neither demon not saint, though his patriotic motives are clear in that he felt he was uncovering massive abuses of authority.
Movies don't put themselves together. Every moment, every cut, and every camera angle is an editorial choice. So is the structure of the movie, which builds its mix of fear and danger sure-footedly,
Did the NSA have foreknowledge that Citizenfour was going to win the Oscar? Um, probably ...
A compelling, real-life thriller that takes us inside the mind of a whistle blower.
Vital, urgent, and breathtaking ... It is brilliant because it captures an intimate moment of history that will reverberate through the ages; a moment that would not have been captured had not a connection been made.
Laura Poitras's Oscar-nominated documentary Citizenfour is proof that you can make an espionage thriller without car chases, bikini babes or martinis.
There's footage from within the Ecuadorian embassy in London as Julian Assange helps with the flight that takes Snowden to Moscow, where he claims political asylum. These scenes give the film an unprecedented level of immediacy and dramatic tension.
One of its many interesting facets is how unlike the unpredictable doco model it turns out to be while still proving utterly engrossing from start to finish.
Poitras' movie works even better as a horror picture -- perfect for Halloween week.
This thoughtful film is designed with taste.
The message of the movie is as clear as Siberian ice: Whether you're a Tea Partier, an Occupier or just an ordinary Joe, you might be the next citizen who's stranded in limbo.
It all sounds like prophecy now, given the way things turned out.
There haven't really been any horror films that have knocked my socks off this year, but I think I would have declared Citizenfour to be the most terrifying movie of the year either way.
Citizenfour doesn't paint Snowden as a hero, but Poitras' insightful examination of his motives and personality is gripping.
The scariest thing you'll see this Halloween is Edward Snowden swearing in disbelief at the end of Laura Poitras' gripping, disturbing documentary.
This is terrific documentary cinema.
Citizenfour deserves your attention.
[An] absorbing character study.
Filmmaker Laura Poitras paints a frankly terrifying picture of the loss of liberty involved in the widespread government gathering of the communication done by ordinary Joes on a daily basis.
While the film loses some urgency in its final third, it's a thrilling, shocking snapshot of a moment in time that will live in history, a reminder of the very real threat that those in power can pose to the citizens they have sworn to protect.
Much of the film consists of footage of Snowden explaining the range and depth of American data-mining to an increasingly horrified Greenwald. If it sounds dull, it isn't.
Without too much knowledge or preconceived ideas, it would make me an easy mark for a polemic about modern privacy -- but Poitras's bracing, galvanizing new documentary about the Snowden affair isn't that at all.
Despite all its paranoia, the movie does hold out a glimmer of optimism.
... the systematic mining of communications from people the government has no reason to suspect of terrorism is indeed a thing. And, thanks to Poitras, we are there at the moment it became impossibly naive to believe otherwise.
There will be many more movies about Snowden. But likely none will be as well-done as "Citizenfour"
Properly paranoid and self-important, but also dull and myopic in its lack of context and contrary points of view.
Dry yet fascinating, and always carrying an air of hushed immediacy, Citizenfour nicely documents a revelatory piece of recent history.
The word surveillance has the letters "evil" in it.
A hard-hitting and shocking documentary about the violation of privacy by the U.S. government's massive surveillance programs.
What an astonishing, immeasurably important historical document this is-on top of being a lock for the Best Documentary Oscar.
Poitras' stance is simply to present the evidence, without commentary, angle or narrative.
Citizenfour argues that when we lose our personal privacy, we also lose our liberty, because fear overcomes our freedom of speech.
It's probably the most opaque operation ever conducted on a global stage, which is why Laura Poitras's clarity is such an asset: She simply records Edward Snowden as he drops the bomb.
Citizenfour plays like a thriller as it chronicles a complex and vitally important chapter in our history.
Whether you consider Snowden a traitor or hero or something in between, the movie is striking in its immediacy and access and terrifying in its implications.
Compelling, eye-opening -- and terrifying.
This is gripping, edge-of-your-seat stuff, offering the chance to experience a defining historical moment from the front lines.
The documentary of the year may also be its most hair-raising thriller.
How often do you see someone change the world?
So explosive, it's one of the most riveting films you'll see this year.
Citizenfour is obviously in Snowden's corner, but as an example of pure cinema vérité, this is the finest - and most disturbing - political documentary since Alex Gibney's Oscar-winning Taxi to the Dark Side.
This isn't just a documentary -- this is history.
This documentary offers plenty of fuel for a long, ongoing debate.
Thoroughly, unashamedly partisan in its presentation of the former National Security Agency systems analyst as a force for universal good.
Whatever the meaning of "the greater good" in a post-Sept. 11 world, "Citizenfour" posits - and it's hard to argue otherwise - that the right to privacy is an essential component of it.
Like a '70s paranoia thriller with real-world consequences.
Although some scenes just rehash the content from current news stories, Citizenfour is a vital record of the evolving spy scandal that enlightens us to the identity and integrity of its whistleblower.
"Citizenfour" needs to be seen by all concerned with this issue
A film every single American and, indeed, every world citizen should see and contemplate.
Far from just trading in conjecture and abstraction, Citizenfour self-reflexively dramatises the dangers that Snowden wants to warn us about.
Documentarian Laura Poitras has crafted a first-rate Hitchcockian-type thriller telling the story of Edward Snowden.
A John le Carre film in documentary form.
Shares more DNA with such 1970s classics as The Parallax View, The Conversation or All the President's Men, than it does with most documentaries.
This is a complicated story, but it's efficiently laid out by Poitras in this smartly edited project.
This isn't a one-sided movie as much as it is a movie about half of one side.
It plays out like a real-life espionage thriller, and it's horrifying in its scope.
If you think Snowden is a traitor, you should probably see it. If you think he's a hero, you should probably see it. If you haven't made up your mind - well, you get the idea.
Alarming in the best sense of the word.
Citizenfour moves like a master spy novel.
A first-hand, up-close account of Snowden that allows us to meet and judge the man for ourselves.
Bold, unblinking filmmaking - no less than a living document of a global scandal straight from the whistleblower. Alarming and essential - anyone with a phone should see it.
The film works, whatever your ethical stance on Snowden, because it's more procedural than polemic.
Refusing to advance the story substitutes useful inquisitiveness only with unique access.
Snowden has been called a traitor, but here he comes off as a decent man trying to do the right thing, if however awkwardly (or illegally).
CITIZENFOUR is a documentary, an exposé, a character study, a world-girdling espionage thriller, an oblique manifesto and a model of understatement. It's also a great movie.
Enter the real life world of spy craft and believe the truth is stranger than fiction.
Calm, yet enraging. Among the most frightening and important films of the year. It must be seen by all Americans for the sake of democracy. Every U.S. government official should undergo a mandatory mental health evaluation!
Central absorbing act is Snowden like never before-- a human being in cinema verité close-up. . .Poitras's style . . .is intimate aesthetics . . .within the eye of the storm.
It's so rare to see history documented as it's happening, and "Citizenfour" succeeds in humanizing the participants without diminishing the stakes of their endeavor.
In the end, there isn't that much to the movie apart from what Snowden has to say. Fortunately, that proves to be enough.
It's hard to overstate the film's achievement.
While I consider the phrase "reality television" an oxymoron, there's nothing wrong with a good-make that great-piece of fly-on-the-wall cinéma vérité to open your eyes and leave you wondering-what if "he" had stayed quiet.
Laura Poitras may be guilty of taking Snowden at face value, but she succeeds brilliantly in evoking a shadow villain intent on world domination. Big Brother is back, baby, and he's gone digital.
As we watch the T-shirted Snowden, sitting on his messy hotel bed with his little laptop, set the stage for what is to come, the vast disjunction between these mundane surroundings and his imminent, world-shattering revelations is almost comical.
What comes across in "Citizenfour" is how articulate and reasonable Snowden seems, despite the crushing pressure he faces.
Poitras' presentation of this well-known scandal feels fresh due to its intimate and first-look nature.
Bombshell documentary conveys a fresh sense of a veil being drawn back from our eyes to reveal a shocking new world.
[It serves as a] chance for Poitras to reorganize her Pulitzer Prize-winning story in her own medium and cinema verité style. It mostly works.
There are not a lot of moments in documentary cinema that equal "Citizenfour."
Carping about as significant a film as "Citizenfour" feels beside the point. You can wish its faults didn't exist, but it does a real service in detailing what the scary consequences of those NSA actions could be.
Citizenfour finds its strength in both the story and the telling: The information about government spying is chilling, of course, but the movie also gives us the opportunity to get to know the elusive Snowden.
a hell of an eye opener, even given knowledge of its events. Poitras's documentary makes us feel the danger of government invasion.
Its middle section offers one of cinema's most pleasurable offerings: smart people in rooms smartly hashing things out.
No film has ever been historic in quite the way this one is, since it tells a story in which the filmmaker and her work play a crucial part.
Whether you think Edward Snowden is a hero or a traitor, you should see the riveting documentary "Citizenfour" ...
Despite the film's virtues, we're no closer to understanding Snowden than we were a year ago when this saga began.
It's a tense and frightening thriller that blends the brisk globe-trotting of the "Bourne" movies with the spooky, atmospheric effects of a Japanese horror film.
Edward Snowden speaks. Buy a ticket to this film... and use your credit card, so the NSA knows you care about this stuff.
The immediacy of Poitras' film is so remarkable that, at least for the immediate future, her craft is likely to be overshadowed by her access, her storytelling overshadowed by her opportunity.
[A] twisting corkscrew of a documentary ...
A fascinating film that's also a crucial social document.
If Citizenfour ends abruptly, that's only because the real-life story is still far from over.
Poitras fashions Citizenfour into a spy thriller whose intrigues bleed into everyday life.
Poitras has made a personal film because there is no other option for this story. Her involvement changed her life, as it did the lives of her collaborators. The result is a masterful fusion of journalism and art.
'Citizenfour' may be one of the seminal documentaries of this era.
Shows another side to Snowden and the reasons for what he did in a fairly unedited fashion and that's largely what makes it the perfect coda to Snowden's story.
Poitras shows us history as it happens, scenes of such intimate momentousness that the movie's a must-see piece of work even if, in its totality, it's underwhelming as argument or cinema.
You should see this movie if you're naïve enough to think you have a right to privacy. But don't buy your ticket online or with a credit card.
Laura Poitras's Citizenfour is an electrifying countdown to an epoch-altering event, unfolding in an antiseptic all-white room.
See it exactly because so many have so much invested in keeping this quiet.
Citizenfour does an excellent job of balancing what we already know with behind-the-scenes discussions of how the information should be released.
It's rare to see this sort of candid footage, but then transparency is Snowden's mantra.
It's astonishing stuff; full of bizarre revelations and incredible details that even the most paranoid conspiracy theorist would struggle to make up.
Fingers on keyboards, monitors, real-time chatting and facial beard follicles do not make for scintillating viewing.
John le Carré couldn't have made this stuff up.
[VIDEO ESSAY] "Citizenfour" provides a stark cinema vérité perspective on America's biggest political scandal in the country's relatively brief history.
Foremost of the film's strengths is that it wears its intelligence lightly; it educates even as it entertains.
A sobering look at what the American government, at least, is doing in the name of security.
The fascination of the documentary lies in the fact that Poitras was there with her camera at the crucial moments, when Snowden was sharing the information that would cause such convulsions all over the world.
An is an expertly crafted expose with unprecedented urgency.
The intimacy and immediacy of the situations and experiences it does portray are compelling and satisfying enough to stick with viewers for long after the film has ended.
Citizenfour is at its most eye-opening and essential simply as a portrait of the then 29-year-old Snowden at a point of absolute no-return in his life.
It's a real-life thriller which, although dense and demanding of the viewer, is never less than completely gripping.
The film's very existence stands as testament to the fact that while we maybe cowering under the corporate jackboot, we still have the power of expression, and that's all we need to get the resistance moving.
Citizenfour is a gripping record of how our rulers are addicted to gaining more and more power and control over us - if we let them.
Everybody needs to see it.
While hardly a riveting spy story, this documentary reveals much of whistleblower Edward Snowden's character while warning of a dangerous loss of civil liberties in America.
"Citizenfour" shows that Snowden, the guy with the guts to expose these shadowy practices, is the one who pays the biggest price. Senators lie and congressmen squirm, and nobody is held accountable. Nobody, that is, except Snowden.
"Citizenfour" is an urgent, gripping real-life spy story that should be seen by every American, and quite likely by everybody else too.
Laura Poitras teaches by example, providing a privileged insight into Edward Snowden's personality and motivation while keeping the focus on government spying.
Quite possibly the strongest documentary about secret state intervention in private lives ...
A tapestry of escalating suspense.
No matter one's personal stance about what Snowden did, this revelatory work is fascinating and thought-provoking, if, at the same time, oddly lacking in tension ...
Its 114 minutes crackle with the nervous energy of revelation.
Adapting the cold language of data encryption to recount a dramatic saga of abuse of power and justified paranoia, Poitras brilliantly demonstrates that information is a weapon that cuts both ways.
Poitras delivers a mesmerizing look at both how Snowden managed to release his information as well as why it all matters.

@highlight

Part real-life thriller, part sobering examination of 21st century civil liberties, Citizenfour transcends ideology to offer riveting, must-see cinema.