... if you want to enjoy a comedy that handles a traditional little love story with tremendous cheek, do not miss I Love You Phillip Morris. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie wants us to overlook its implausibility by insisting that it's all true. We believe it, we just don't care.
[E]asily one of the best comedies of the last several years.
Jim Carrey succeeds but the film is too mean-spirited and its supporting players too one-dimensional to make this story worthwhile.
Even when the movie's doing something stupid, you just bemusedly shake your head and dive right back in, forgiving everything, even if you don't know why. Isn't that what love's all about?
Despite its title, it has nothing to do with cigarettes. But its star, as he once famously said on screen, is absolutely "smokin'."
...it's the film's fearless go-for broke style which makes I Love You Phillip Morris such a success.
Jim Carrey brings dynamo force to the story of a brilliant con man and the guy he loved
ILYPM is quite good and it's a shame that this film was shunted around the backburners for so long.
Above all, it is the wonderful performances of Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor as a couple of misfits for whom love is everything, that stay with us
I'm describing I Love You Phillip Morris as an inferior version of Catch Me If You Can. It's trying to tell a similar story in a similar vein but it just doesn't work.
Inspirada en una increíble historia real, esta comedia de Jim Carrey no es para nada la típica comedia de Jim Carrey, aunque haga uso de sus habituales recursos histriónicos. Una comedia romántica absurda, irreverente y gay.
But truth be told, no film has conveyed true love quite as convincingly in a very long time.
A remarkably strong debut...
You have to hand it to Jim Carrey. He could take the easy paycheck time after time in bland movie after bland movie, but he keeps on running down these weird roads and that's where he winds up doing his best work.
Leaving aside the extent in which the premise of I Love You Phillip Morris is essentially very sad and serious, this is overall an extremely funny and at times very sweet romantic comedy.
You couldn't make this story up, as the truth proves to be stranger than fiction.
This is the most interesting role Carrey has had in a long while.
It's a joy to see Carrey used in a way that revels in his schizophrenic nature while also trying to make some authentic emotional sense of it as well.
Jim Carrey is the narrator... transforming what could have been a cliched con man comedy, generic Jim Carrey-character comedy or run-of-the-mill gay coming-out comedy into something smarter, sweeter and downright giddy.
Carrey reminds us here... that he can be a genuinely passionate actor able to skillfully combine comedy with pathos when he is removed from the Hollywood machine, which strives to turn him into a cartoon...
I like the outre screwball flavor of the piece; it feels a little like Steven Spielberg's Catch Me If You Can crossed with one of John Waters' gently transgressive cult movies.
...a minstrel show of gay stereotypes.
A few words of warning: I Love You Phillip Morris has nothing to do with the powerful tobacco company or the man it was named after.
I Love You Phillip Morris is first and foremost a romantic comedy -- and a more effective one than any to hit theaters in 2010.
It's hard to tell who the film is designed for, since it may be too juvenile for gay audiences and too gay for Carrey's straight fans.
Smirking and awkwardly insincere, it revolves around the shocking scams of a bizarre sociopath.
Jim Carrey gives one of the nerviest, boldest performances of his sporadically brilliant career.
It's a jokey, flirty pile of wink-wink to let the audience know these two heterosexual actors are pretending to be in love just to get a laugh.
Russell was a fascinating character and a real puzzle box; but the filmmakers have turned his life into a broad farce with one wocka-wocka gag after another.
If nothing else -- restores Jim Carrey to a semblance of his former glory.
Lots of hilarious antics, but not a comprehensive film.
The latest in a series of fact-inspired, cartoonish movies ('Ed Wood,' 'Shattered Glass') about self-invented American strivers driven to practical insanity as they simultaneously rebel against and desperately grasp at the American dream.
Carrey and McGregor are fascinating as prison lovers, but the dark tone and explicit sexuality make for a confusing film that also tries to be funny. It rarely succeeds.
The gay prison love story flimflam man genre is under-served. At least in mainstream movies. And Jim Carrey is happy to bounce in and amend that.
Carrey veers more toward In Living Color mimicry than Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind soulfulness. That approach completely undermines a love story that's already being told in a slipshod manner.
I do recommend it for the adults among us.
An amusing and weirdly affectionate ride. Anyone want to sign up for the Free Steven Russell movement?
[The] elaborate cons may be fascinating, daring stuff, but the heart of the picture is the romantic relationship, which is squeezed out to the edges.
A satisfying and often very funny film.
Slapdash, invigorating screwball romance
Following nearly a year of woeful foreign runs and film-fest screenings, the Jim Carrey gay-love comedy finally presents itself for our inspection. I can hear you asking: Why?
Jim Carrey gives it his all. The con makes this movie worth seeing even if you never feel the love.
It's confused and confusing, by turns hilarious and off-putting. In short, it's awfully hard to love I Love You Philip Morris.
A charismatic little underdog of a movie.
Yes, some familiar Carrey tactics are on display, but the star's performance has real heart - it's easily the best thing he has done since Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
The trouble is that, while Carrey is transforming himself into a guy who fills a hole in his soul with a big big love, Ewan McGregor is barely skimming the surface of his (admittedly underwritten) nice-guy role.
Carrey fearlessly gives it his best shot, but this fundamental schizophrenia strong-armed me out of the film, and left me feeling like McGregor's more grounded performance existed in another movie entirely.
A delirious comedy that remains on track largely thanks to Jim Carrey's goofy but grounded performance.
It's satire, but not quite funny enough; a love story, but not quite sincere enough.
Another fantastic performance by Carrie, not be mention McGregor. Living proof that the only difference between fact and fiction is that fiction has to make sense.
Stranger danger than fiction, I Love You Phillip Morris has all the makings to be one of the year's most successful, certainly enjoyable, films.
It's funny because it's true. That's the idea behind the mad-love story I Love You Phillip Morris, which gets its kicks by being much stranger than fiction.
As a romantic comedy, it's better than any of the half-hearted, interchangeable flicks that normally dominate the genre, in part because of the smart laughs, but mostly because it refuses to play to genre conventions.
The romance between them is touching at its best moments, corny at its worst.
It finds the humor in an unlikely love story, and it resists any temptation to play it straight.
It's somewhat appropriate that the movie nearly debuted on DVD stateside since it's worth a rental for Carrey but too frustrating for the cost of theatrical admission.
The role is a good fit for Carrey, who manages to dial down his usual mug-a-minute schtick while still being funny, capturing the manic, paranoid heart fluttering beneath Russell's trust-me exterior.
Carrey is exuberant and, of course, funny in his most layered role to date.
Carrey is truly great in one of those rare risky roles that prove he can do more than pull faces, although the frank portrayal of an alpha male who is also "gay, gay, gay, gay, gay" is sure to make some percentage of his fan base squirm.
Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of I Love You Phillip Morris is its inability to maintain the high level at which it begins -- a withering lampoon of wholesome, middle class values.
There's plenty to scratch your head about here. Is it a drama? A comedy? And if it's a farce, what's it making fun of?
Proof that just because a story is strange and seemingly unlikely does not inherently make it worth the telling.
An amusing, frustrating and wildly uneven comedy farce that I just can't imagine is going to play well to most anyone but a number of film critics who might admire the pic's derring-do. (Parental Review also Available)
Laugh-out-loud hilarious one moment and darkly tragic the next, I Love You Phillip Morris' tone is wildly uneven, never quite sure of what sort of movie it wants to be-and I loved it for it.
This isn't great farce, but it's more than good enough. And Carrey is more than good enough in it.
A darkly comic caper movie that's also a frenzied gay romance...not perfect, to be sure, but distinctive.
Carrey makes the role seem effortless; he deceives as spontaneously as others breathe.
Steven Russell is a slippery character that the film never fully gets its hands on.
At best, I Love You Phillip Morris may be hailed as a necessary step in Hollywood's fearful crawl toward sexual evenhandedness; the film upholds the constitutional right of every gay man to be as much of a liar, a crook, and a creep as the rest of us.
It would have worked much better as a gritty drama about the most toxic non-violent criminal in Texas history.
A story about love that truly binds in an outrageous way and what one man would do to make sure he would not have a broken heart. It's adorable and will have you laughing along the way.
Phillip Morris isn't a perfect movie by any means, but it's irresistibly self-assured in its weirdness.
There's plenty of sweetness at the core of Glenn Ficarra and John Requa's bold, bleak little comedy I Love You Phillip Morris.
There's something terribly romantic about the bond that develops between Ewan McGregor's and Jim Carrey's gay lovers in a con-man story not far removed from a great film like "Catch Me if You Can."
Carrey relies little on his physical theatrics to bring Russell alive, for which we are grateful. That toned-down approach results in one of the comedian's most complex performances yet, even if the shadows from previous roles creep in.
The movie, at its best, is compellingly odd, which is also the most accurate description of Carrey's performance.
...a warm, witty work of unassuming delight that just so happens to be about two men in love...
Wacky but mature comedy examines a love with no limits.
With his manic glare, ferociously eager smile, hyperkinetic body language and talent for instant self-transformation, Mr. Carrey has rarely been more charismatic on the screen.
The humor is one-dimensional, but Carrey and McGregor paint every millimeter of that dimension purple.
The rails could have come off Phillip Morris in so many ways, it's a miracle that the film sticks together as well as it does.
[Both] stars prove to be enormous fun in a gay love story played straight in a thoroughly crooked context -a comic crooked context, mind you...
Such an endearing oddity that you have to wonder exactly for whom it was made. But I'm glad they did nonetheless.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" not only blasts gay stereotypes back decades, it could actually make people wish for a third Ace Ventura movie.
At a time when audacity seems to be slowly draining out of mainstream filmmaking, it's refreshing to see a movie thats this bold and unpredictable and naughty. I Love You, Phillip Morris ranks as one of 2010's tastiest surprises.
Let's just be friends, Phillip Morris, 'K?
Directors John Requa and Glenn Ficarra, who wrote the wickedly hilarious Bad Santa, assume a mocking tone that falls flat. They aspire for a cleverly offbeat vibe, but it feels forced and calculated.
Laugh-out-loud funny at moments and surprisingly touching in others, I Love You Phillip Morris has the potential to be a dark horse contender come awards season.
That the same-sex relationship is treated nonchalantly, like any more conventional Hollywood romance, is appreciated, but that is roughly where the praise must unfortunately end.
There's never been a movie like this one. That's not to say it's all good or all bad, though it's never indifferent.
Though Carrey seems to be giving his heart to Steven's romance with Phillip, and pouring a lot of sweat equity into very vigorous sex, he never gets beyond his Jim Carrey-ness to let us discover the character.
sort of like a darker, weirder Catch Me If You Can
The movie, written and directed by John Requa and Glen Ficara of Bad Santa fame, is all over the place. But it's also outrageously funny.
This is Catch Me If You Can with two middle fingers raised in the air.
Reining in Carrey may have smoothed out the film.
A skilled effort of constant surprise, led wonderfully by Jim Carrey, who gives a blessedly respectful performance that mingles pleasingly with laughs and shock.
With uneven if generally charming results ... [it] straddles the fine line between outrageous farce and heartfelt romance.
Carrey and McGregor are awfully cute together. One of the great strengths of I Love You Phillip Morris is the matter-of-fact way it handles their relationship.
Jim Carrey gives his all--which is certainly not nothing--in this wild carnival ride of a film.
It sustains a tone of compassionate hilarity in which oversize romantic gestures coexist with gigantic scams.
...a brave and funny film that is worth seeing, especially if you are looking for something original.
Mr. Carrey has balls of brass, but seeing him dressed flamboyantly in fish-net bikinis and high-heel Nancy Sinatra boots is an experience I hope never to repeat again in this lifetime.
Carrey and McGregor are both excellent at plumbing the depths of their intentionally broad characters.
I Love You Phillip Morris is blunt about illicit personal traits gays share with straights and that define our era. Importantly, the filmmakers don't equate gay with subversive.
Carrey finds the perfect outlet for his manic energy: Id and libido are fused, with Steven driven by actual lust and the unwavering -- and completely believable - determination to provide for his fragile boyfriend.
The least outrageous thing about this movie is that Jim Carrey plays a gay guy.
A raw and unadulterated comedy that finds true emotion within its characters and its humor from the fact that some of the craziest bits really happened.
It's the pull no punches ridiculousness of I Love You Phillip Morris that's the real draw. It has tenderness without sentimentality and poses real questions about the psychic dangers of deception.
Presented with sincerity, not 'fruity' buffoonery; 'I Love You Phillip Morris' is easily the best comedy of the year.
An over-the-top and out-of-the-box movie about a creative conman's quest for true love.
A movie that earns its stripes as being wildly inappropriate and quite funny...a sleeper for the end of a year that's been short on laugh-out-loud comedies.
Jim Carrey, as a queer con artist motivated by undying passion for a cellmate, brings a euphoric energy to this insubordinate farce.
Giving an entire new meaning to the notion of physical comedy in a movie, Jim Carrey appears to be getting his groove on with uncommonly fierce homoerotic relish, while diving into his role as the man also known as King Con, with manic gay gusto.
Jim Carrey plays to both his comic fan base and those who want to see him stretch that limber frame with I Love You Phillip Morris
Is it a gay comedy, or is it a con-man caper?
Jim Carrey i Ewan MacGregor ovdje nastupaju u, za Hollywood, prilično eksplicitnim scenama gay seksa
Defined by puppy love, a crude sense of humor, and rampant immorality, the characters here are as repulsive and shallow as the film that contains them.
It's like a Coen brothers movie, if Joel and Ethan did a ton of crank and decided to flush story structure down the crapper.
When Carrey is onscreen, everything about the giddy, conflicted man he's been asked to embody is either amusing, sympathetic or true.
Eficiente na construção de uma narrativa leve a partir de uma história que poderia facilmente se apresentar como uma experiência pesada e deprimente.
Delightful...Carrey and McGregor give wonderful, unrestrained performances.
It's being marketed mostly as a comedy - and it's packed with genuine laugh-out-loud gags.
Carrey demonstrates an ability to successfully flit between the kind of flat-out slapstick physical humour with which he made his name and that darker, more disturbing strain of comedy he never quite nailed in early efforts such as The Cable Guy.
Sweet, sexy and at times hilarious.
Unfortunately, the fact that it's based on a true story is the only convincing thing about the movie.
The cons and the crimes misfire on screen.
The bravest and oddest comedy of the year.
Carrey's exuberant and ever manic performance is at the core of the film, yet is often on the brink of threatening to consume it entirely.
It works like a dream -- a particularly vivid one -- with only an actor of Carrey's energy having the ability to pull it off, even if this reduces McGregor's passive partner to one dimension.
You're left with a feeling of a missed opportunity. I just like you, Phillip Morris.
A cult comedy classic in the making.
Jaw-droppingly unfunny and morally despicable, it doesn't work on any level.
Please see it.
The film has flaws, but its sheer exuberance deserves viewing.
I liked McGregor's convincing performance -- he even runs camply -- and there are enough funny lines to keep us mildly entertained.
The puzzle fits together very entertainingly here.
Loved the chutzpah, but the heart and the funny bone are left relatively untroubled.
It's the comic role of a lifetime for Jim Carrey, who apparently worked for union rates in order to help the film get made.
This isn't a satire or a cautionary tale: it's one of the most romantic, most inspiring films of recent years.
Beneath all of the wackiness, these are real people we can vividly identify with.
Enjoyable, offbeat and inventively directed comedy-drama with a superb script and a terrific performance from Jim Carrey.
This is one of those rare romantic comedies that's both romantic and comic.
Hugely entertaining in fits and starts, thanks to the flash and sass of Carrey's catch-me-if-you-can antics.
The film remains outrageously funny without resorting to cheap gags.
Best of all, throughout this madcap yarn, Carrey's Russell is a fittingly unreliable narrator and thus pings the movie randomly through time in occasionally bewildering and ultimately exhilarating fashion.
Carrey is definitely the star of the film, but McGregor remains the emotional anchor.
One of the funniest films of the year, this is a wonderful mix of old-school Carrey outrageousness with a genuinely touching â" and very modern â" love story.
Less of a comedy than a hilarious tragedy.
Funny, sometimes tender and ultimately unsettling black comedy.
A warped and hilarious film, one with an abundance of liveliness and style. It's not perfect, but it sure is fun and engaging.
Story and style are all over the place, rendering it somewhat inaccessible. Admittedly, the whole film is in a bit of an aesthetic dither, which will confound many viewers.
Obviously audacious for the gay romance at its core, it otherwise plays like a polished Hollywood picture starring Jim Carrey and will satisfy a certain percentage of his audience.
Doesn't seem to know where it's going or why it's going there, and the result is an unusual movie that's entertaining but not particularly satisfying.


@highlight

This fact-based romantic comedy has its flaws, but they're mostly overcome by its consistently sweet, funny tone and one of the best performances of Jim Carrey's career.