This movie is so aggressively nonsensical that your forehead will be sore from all the slapping.
Without much of a storyline to carry it on, all we're left with is a barrage of meaningless encounters, migraine-inducing camera-work and populated by characters in which you lack any real emotional investment.
The movie is all flash and no guts, lacking consistency, believable explanations, depth, and even a general desire to tell a plausible story...
Two minutes into The Devil Inside, the whole scenario becomes so transparent and tasteless that you dream of taking a long walk around a graveyard just to get your fright fix.
One shudders to think of how many worthwhile horror films Paramount passed up to acquire this terribly drab junkpile.
A stupid, boring, and inane exorcise in bargain basement horror...
The Devil Inside is a con job; a fraud of a movie that leads audiences to the singularly most unsatisfying ending to a movie I've seen in my 13 years as a movie critic.
An exposition-heavy opening act and an abrupt lack of closure may leave moviegoers feeling underserved by The Devil Inside's few genuinely scary moments.
horror that tries to shock you as many times as possible, rather than tell you a story.
Nothing more than a tired, familiar and characterless genre installment with only the impressive contortions of Bonnie Morgan to recommend it.
A terribly written, dubious slice of unscary found footage spiritual horror that ends with an ellipsis, not a period.
Despite a clever - if not particularly original - idea, this pseudo-documentary horror movie is let down by an immensely frustrating ending and some less than convincing performances.
If it's January, it must be low-grade horror season.
And in a wretched attempt to make this contrivance 'real', they resort to endless shaking of the camera. (You would love to shake them!) The only possession I was looking for in this devilish drivel was the possession of any kind of filmmaking talent.
Just terrible.
A run-of-the-mill exorcism movie hobbled by its own hype and a divisive ending.
The Devil Inside is yet another dull found footage effort with nothing, bar a mad climax, to offer audiences.
Another abysmal horror movie based around "found" documentary footage.
The Devil Inside has the occasional creepy moment but it's let down by a patchy script and some uneven performances.
Exorcism horror gets the clichéd shaky-camera treatment in this chiller...
If you are a novice this kind of material is suitably spooky. To the veteran, less so.
Some found footage should really just stay lost.
at best a placeholder for better films, and a reminder that gimmicks - be they technical or narrative - will get a filmmaker only so far.
The less said about THAT ending, the better. But as a brief, brutal and nasty vignette showing the naked weirdness of an "authentic" exorcism, it's not sooo bad.
While the Devil might have a claim to hold all the best tunes, on the evidence of this, he really needs a word with his film development department.
A low-budget, low-watt belly botherer saved from history's dustbin by a few gruesome moments and a gob-smack of an ending that (almost) makes it worth the slog.
To pad the running time, the end credits roll at a snail's pace; they do reveal the interesting fact that the possessed woman's 'contortionist double' is one 'Pixie Le Knot.'
Call it The Blair Exorcist Project ...
Gentle reader, be prepared for a shock."The Devil Inside" is pure fiction. I know about the advertising campaign and that it's supposed to be based on a true story, but it's not. It has a screenwriter, director and everything, even professional actors.
It's not just a dull, witless, horror film, it's also an incredibly lazy one.
From the amateur acting, writing and directing to an ending that is shocking only in its stupidity, The Devil Inside will make you puke for all the wrong reasons.
A non-scary movie possessed by badness.
Another feature to remind us all just how brilliant The Exorcist was back in '73 and how almost every possession flick since has paled by comparison.
Makes you appreciate what an excellently made movie "The Exorcist" was
[A] limp mockumentary.
It stumbles along to what may arguably be the most abrupt, nonsensical ending since Luis Bunuel stopped slicing cows' eyes for the sake of surrealism.
It's a supernatural, satanic stunt - and, judging by its astonishing grosses, it won't be the last of its kind.
A non-starter that could have been at least a good B-grade horror flick if it had been made with little more conviction.
Suggests at least this much: the race for Worst Film of the Year is going to be extremely competitive.
This is how the world ends: not with a bang or a whimper but with a URL.
"The Devil Inside'' usefully reminds us how little it takes to make some people scream in a crowded movie theater.
For most of the running time this demon pic amps up the blurry shots and loud booming screams to signify well, not much.
"The Vatican doesn't endorse this film or its completion," are the first words to appear on the blank screen that begins this film. Having sat through it, I don't endorse it, either.
The Devil Inside's biggest shock arrives when it abruptly ends - just as it hits its stride.
People of the world: If you find some footage, leave it be. You will likely be doing the rest of us a huge favor.
Despite a handful of fine freak-outs, this exorcise routine rarely elevates the heart rate. And its contemptuous conclusion offers a compelling case for euthanizing the found-footage genre altogether.
According to the advertisements, the Vatican did not endorse The Devil Inside. Smart move, Vatican. It's not that it's a terrible movie. It's just a stupid movie.
Welcome to the freak show. "The Devil Inside" has everything you would expect from an R-rated horror movie about demon possession: creepy demon voices, contorted bodies, bloody murders and priests who actually think they have a chance of defeating Satan.
It must be January. The s****y exorcist movies are in bloom.
The film devolves into a kind of exorcism-themed Real World episode, replete with "confessionals" in which the characters tearfully air their frustrations. As if we cared.
Whatever possessed Bell & Co. to turn a slow-burning creepfest into a frenzied freak show of multiple exorcisms (including one in a moving car), the devil only knows.
You can see where this is going, and the filmmakers can see that you can see. So they rush to the hideous yet hilarious climax in little more than an hour and then pad the running time with the slowest-moving credits ever.
The "fake documentary horror film" genre seems to have totally run its course, creativity-wise.
While it doesn't exactly reinvent the inverted cross, The Devil Inside definitely puts a nifty indie spin on the demonic possession genre.
Clearly, when a cheapie pickup like "Paranormal Activity," which Paramount released a few years ago, turns into franchise gold, there's just no stopping the banality.
The Catholic Church was wise to want nothing to do with The Devil Inside. Everyone else should follow suit.
Bell directs with all the enthusiasm of a guy who was called into work on his day off.
Director William Brent Bell (Stay Alive) and his co-writer Matthew Peterman offer way too much set-up for too little payoff.
A tired riff on an old formula that loses steam even before its atrocious ending.
The result isn't chilling so much as reheated.
Proves as scary and unsettling as a slab of devil's food cake - only considerably less satisfying.
The Devil Inside joins a long, woozy-camera parade of found-footage scare pictures, among them The Blair Witch Project, the Paranormal Activity films and certain wedding videos that won't go away.
The Devil Inside just comes across as lazy and unnecessarily serious given how silly it becomes -- if it had just a touch of lightness, at least it'd feel like we were laughing with it instead of at it.
So tritely predictable you could improvise it at home without bothering to see it. Which I would recommend.
This is only the second time in my history as a critic that I've given a movie a ZERO score. The only thing scary about it is that people with be suckered into paying good money to see this. Would have done Ed Wood proud.
While it has marginally enough creepy moments to keep one from desiring to pull a Father Karras and throw themselves out the window and down those Georgetown steps, this is just a lame wannabe poseur. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Never are you really invested in any of this, as the movie is pervaded by lead-footed artificiality and the growing stink of crass marketing.
The mother/daughter drama should have played a bigger part in this film as the 87-minute runtime passes quickly and leaves us feeling utterly short-changed.
It's better when you don't show too much - but if your story is about the supernatural, eventually you're going to have to come up with something. "The Devil Inside" can't.
Here it is just the first week of January, and already we have a strong candidate for the worst movie of 2012.
Despite the palpable air of deja vu that hangs over it like a light fog, The Devil Inside generates a fair amount of suspense during sizable swaths of its familiar but serviceable exorcism-centric scenario.
Takes two steadfast horror tropes - demonic possession and the gimmick of "found footage" - and does very, very little new with them.
... an insidious kind of terrible movie, simply low-grade bad for most of its thankfully brief running time before offering up an ending so openly contemptuous of the audience as to feel like a prank.
Far too cheap, familiar and flat-out dull to be frightening.
I liked it well enough, up until the sucker-punch ending.
It's fitting the feature has no ending, as I'm not convinced it ever actually started.
This is Möbius strip marketing.
The ending for The Devil Inside was so bad and people were jeering so loudly you would have thought Mel Gibson just walked into the synagogue on Saturday.
On the bright side, I now have my very own official "The Devil Inside" rosary beads. . .at least I hope they are rosary beads.
The Devil Inside is a terrible, uninspired, hack "found footage" flick whose trailer gives away every "scary" sequence!"
too illogical and lame to do anything but make you mad
Horror fans hoping to start 2012 with a bang are about to be in for a very rude awakening.
The Devil Inside is home to moments that will shock, scare, disturb, and leave you gasping. It's a trip to the dark side that's well worth taking.


@highlight

The Devil Inside is a cheap, choppy unscary mess, featuring one of the worst endings in recent memory.