Ultimately falls a little short when it comes to matching up with some of Zombie's other features, but there's still plenty of deranged desperation and death here for horror fans to devour.
Still, the star-making performance and strong character work from Richard Blake will leave audiences with something to talk about. What the hell was DC doing not casting him as Joker?
As I watched Zombie's latest endeavor, I was less convinced that he was dealing with powerful philosophies and more apt to believe he was trapped on the hamster wheel of his own overwrought artistic values.
[Zombie's] sort of a Tim Burton wearing a blood-soaked wife-beater, paying homage again and again to the monsters and psychos that shaped his imagination.
A film that is a true guilty pleasure, as dark as hilarious. [Full review in Spanish]
31 may be enough to please some of Zombie's most hardcore fans, but the filmmaker doesn't bring anything new, or refreshing to the table here.
It's bloody and noisy and super stylish...
Zombie may not be working outside of his comfort zone, but 31 is one of his most impressive films to date.
Horror piles on horror, absurdity on absurdity, all of it treated by Zombie with carnivalesque abstraction.
It's amazing how a man like Rob Zombie who fancies himself a hardcore horror fan has done little to evolve since his first film "House of 1,000 Corpses."
The Rob Zombie brand promises hard-core horror and scuzzy atmosphere, and "31" delivers just that. Even on autopilot, Zombie makes movies that hit hard and leave a stain.
A grindhouse slog of unrelenting bad taste.
a bland exercise in dreariness
Rob Zombie can do better than 31. For proof, just watch any other Rob Zombie movie.
This hamfisted attempt to cash in on Halloween is a vile, crass, circus maximus of grindhouse gore.
Isn't as unwatchable as other similar movies, but it's still pretty deplorable and offensive.
31 may well satisfy the witching-hour masses. But will it get under anyone's skin? Dream on.
It collapses into repetition and unintended self-parody, as it's devoid of the subtext and empathetic audacity.
A waste of time in which the only thing worth seeing is its willingness to stretch the boundaries in their approach to violence. [Full review in Spanish]
To put it more simply, this is fun. It has energy and it has personality. Zombie is not (yet) up there with the greats, but this is superior trash.
A cinematic Jägerbomb: definitely not good for you, but gets the job done.
Rob Zombie has become the Woody Allen of horror movies. He has the one thing he likes to do and he does it, reasonably well too.
Not one for the weak-stomached, Zombie fans will get exactly what they expect.
31 is an exercise in frustration for genre-lovers, never living up to its sideshow-gone-gonzo potential.
Deliberately or not, Rob Zombie has created a timely horror movie that riffs on many of the same factors which have given rise to Donald Trump's presidential candidacy.
31 is a horror show delivered in hammer blows.
as is always the case with Zombie's films, it is very difficult to like, engage with or even care about the characters for whom we suspect we are supposed to be rooting.
31 may not be as ambitious as Lords of Salem or as epic as The Devil's Rejects but, by and large, it's a ton of blood-soaked fun that gives us real characters, introduces us to some incredibly twisted assassins and goes for broke at every possible turn.
31 indulges as much as it withholds, failing to find a throughline in between the brilliant opening and the confounding closing shots.
31 is Zombie's mildly entertaining take on a stale and simple setup. You already know if it's for you.
Rob Zombie's The Running Man
After six features [Zombie] still can't come up with a fresh story, write characters with more depth than their make-up or direct stalking scenes that are suspenseful or moments of gory violence that are shocking.
It's a fanboy's highlight reel of homages, without any of the credibility or context that made most of the films [Zombie is] inspired by so fine.
Why Rob Zombie felt the need to mask this pile of garbage is unfathomable, though perhaps he knew it was a blatant regurgitation of everything he's done before, which means everything he's aped previously.
A wild murder spree that engages the senses and frequently, very much on purpose, assaults them. Zombie's fans will probably be pleased.
[Sundance 2016] The paper-thin characters, the busy, monotone dialogue and especially the monotonous camerawork spell a less-than-enthusiastic fate for "31."
A gory treat for hardcore horror fans.

@highlight

31 delivers all the high-energy gore Rob Zombie fans have come to expect, but a lack of fresh ideas and likable characters mean only the already converted need apply.