Messy, confusing animated monster tale has violence.
Narrative logic leaps scupper story coherence, while the Tom Jones-loving Drac... seems like he's in a different movie to all the other characters.
With editing, pacing and screenplay all misfiring, it gets odder and less enjoyable.
There is an excellent chance that nobody will like this film, which tells, terribly, of a family turned into classic monsters -- not the children it is aimed at, nor the parents who sit through it.
It was brave of the producers to hire a co-writer called Catharina Junk.
Frankly, this lacklustre computer animated effort is about as original as a second-hand Halloween costume and a lot less fun.
This irritating hodgepodge is completely devoid of charm.
The fine cast is not matched by the material they're given. Tonally the film is erratic and the kid-friendly sideshow of fart gags and over the top slapstick will lose parents early on.
Derivative, barrel-scraping "family animation" at its worst.
Good enough for plonking the kids in front of the telly while you do the ironing, but not much more.
The whole thing is exhausting, with too much slapstick, too few decent laughs and a care-y share-y message of family togetherness.
... a clunky, ungainly and misconceived affair, neither witty nor visually imaginative enough even to begin to compare with the best Hollywood animation.
With not a bone of originality on display, the plot is a sleep-inducing tangle of 'please make it stop now' incoherence, while the poor dubbing doesn't help matters.
Good-looking but erratically plotted and unfunny, director Holger Tappe's adaptation of David Safier's book Happy Family lands with a thud more deadening than the footsteps of Frankenstein's Monster.
...tries to distract from its mediocrity with production value. [Full Review in Spanish]
An anything-goes hodgepodge in need of a smarter, tighter narrative and more deftly conceived and rendered characters.
A somewhat forced eschatological humor and a striking dark tinge. [Full Review in Spanish]
Not even the powerful cast can prevent the simplicity of the plot. [Full Review in Spanish]
A technically clean animation film, full of high plasticity, colour and detail in each of the scenarios presented. [Full review in Spanish]
This British-German production is a stew of numerous conventions... and as many clichés.... [Full review in Spanish]
Adults are better off rewatching Hotel Transylvania (2012) or The Incredibles (2004), whose dysfunctional families are more human than this one.

@highlight

Monster Family promises a family-friendly animated monster mash, but succeeds only in delivering a viewing experience so lackluster that parents may find it genuinely frightening.