It's a pacy, sometimes funny and inoffensive film in spite of Favreau.
Pleasing yet somewhat predictable, this film marks a sharp departure from Favreau's various blockbuster (*Iron Man*) films into something far simpler.
[Chef] is good-tasting, family friendly and down-to-earth, which is perhaps the best description of this film as it rockets to a predictable and heartwarming conclusion.
Movies don't come more mouth-watering than Chef, written, directed and starring Jon Favreau.
Favreau lets his character not only have flaws, but also allows him to grow without actually fixing those flaws.
Chef can take its place at the table alongside the great movies about food, among them Big Night, Babette's Feast and Chocolat.
"Chef" might not be the return to form that Favreau and his fans were hoping for, but it's a gentle reminder of his charm, a charm that's gone unattended for far too long.
Favreau isn't trying anything new, whether in the story or presentation of the story, so this is comforting feel-good custard, presented as crème brûlée. Charming in its own way, but not really nouvelle or even novel cuisine.
The film transcends to something special - if only briefly - in a moment of silent reflection upon Carl's return from the road trip. The contrived tearjerker that immediately ensues could almost be forgiven.
It's incredibly sweet, but still perplexing with its dashes of bitter.
It's 20 minutes too long and a hair too manipulative, but Favreau is so intent on delivering a pleasurable experience that it almost seems unfair to hold his excesses against him.
Whatever you do, don't go to see Chef on an empty stomach -- it's a feel-good foodie film that will have you salivating within minutes.
Favreau's movie is loose-limbed, even a tad aimless, but it's appetizing in more ways than one (you'll probably be famished by the time you leave the theater), and it may prove to be the feel-good movie of the summer.
With his "passion project" comedy Chef, Jon Favreau reminds us why we liked him in the first place.
The Hollywood ending, like too much of this promising film, suggests the recipe book.
Whether as artistic statement or self-justification of craft, Chef confirms the core talent of its maker. Comfort food, meet comfort movie.
Chef finds Favreau writing, directing, and starring on a much smaller scale, yet still serving up a fully nourishing meal.
It's such a treat to see such an endearing slice o' life in the middle of this blockbuster season. There's not a single comic book character in sight.
Ultimately, Chef is a comfort food film. There's room in this world for all sorts movies, and not all of them have to be challenging. There's nothing difficult about Chef, but that doesn't stop it from being worth the tasting.
Writer/director Jon Favreau's gentle comedy-drama Chef is an odd duck -- a schizoid effort that never seems to grasp its own strengths.
Imagine a movie written entirely by focus groups in Portland, Brooklyn and Silver Lake.
See it on a full stomach otherwise you'll be too busy salivating to fully appreciate one of the year's finest.
Chef is a funny and exciting road trip movie and, while not downgrading the success he's had with his two Iron Man films, is Favreau's best film for years.
Chef is far from groundbreaking or even original, but it is the kind of well-made comfort food that we don't get often enough at the movies.
Bitingly funny, bang up to date and flavoured with the winning combination of good music and plenty of stunningly-shot kitchen scenes which will leave you swearing you can smell every meal that's cooking.
A feel-good people-pleaser that is less 'food porn' than Favreau career metaphor...
It's nothing remotely groundbreaking, but the film is as broad and agreeable as they come.
This is one of the best movies about cooking I've ever seen.
The result is a small, unashamedly feel-good film that makes up for what it lacks in dramatic jeopardy with gentle comedy, heartwarming family scenes, ladles of food porn, and time spent among characters you like.
Chef is a foodie-gasm of a film, directed by and starring Jon Favreau as a designer cook past his sell-by date, who goes on a road trip from Miami to Los Angeles to find his soul -- and soul food.
Make sure you eat well beforehand or you'll be chewing your arm off halfway through this understated delight of a film, such is the way the joy of good food is represented.
... sometimes feels strained in its efforts to convey the food truck as a fresh start both personally and professionally, but it's a perceptive crowd-pleaser that could satisfy both the brain and the tongue.
Like comfort food, this movie has very little nutritional value, but it sure goes down smoothly. This is one of those shamelessly delicious-looking films that makes our mouths water at the tasty dishes that are lovingly created on-camera.
Chef slips a few tasty side dishes around its meat-and-potatoes main course.
A mouth-watering treat.
Jon Favreau's enjoyable and good-natured farce is a rarity in that (as its title tells us) it takes a chef as its central character and treats his profession with something approaching respect.
Jon Favreau's midlife artistic crisis rendered as food porn. This is funny, poignant, and wise, though the wish-fulfillment romantic fantasy of it is a tad much to take.
Trundles along amiably and amusingly with its heart very much in the right place.
[An] uneventful and overlong drama.
Here's Chef to show us all, for now and evermore, just what a vanity project really looks like. A public service, in its way.
Chef is good-natured, big-hearted and hard to dislike.
There's nourishment to be had, if you lower your expectations. But be warned: a lot of it is just watching Jon Favreau make toasties in a van.
A sassy and mouth-watering concoction, bursting with flavour.
Co-stars John Leguizamo and Bobby Cannavale try hard to be funny to prop up a filmmaker-star barely trying at all.
The best kind of food for the soul is served up in writer-director Jon Favreau's mouth-watering story of a jaded chef and hopeless husband rediscovering his appetite for life.
Chef coasts on charm and has plenty of it.
Chef isn't in Swingers' league, but it's a funny, charming and personal film.
The food, the company and the sparkling conversation give the film an intoxicating feel-good buzz and if it's all a bit indulgent, Favreau makes no apologies. He revels in it.
Favreau's picture doesn't represent the filmmaking rehabilitation its meta plot alludes to, but it's a step in the right direction.
Good fun and happy, filling fare.
This generous, big-hearted, funny and touching little film goes down a treat.
At almost two hours long, Chef is bound to leave some audiences feeling overstuffed.
Jon Favreau's best film since 2003's Elf...
Not much to savor, but this movie proves moviegoers cannot live by popcorn alone.
Jon Favreau's Chef is a sort of five-course meal stuffed onto a three-course plate: an exposé of the restaurant business, a family drama, a road trip, a slice of food porn (don't arrive hungry) and possibly a metaphor for Favreau himself.
Chef is compelling, somewhat convincing and, according to many who know better than I, it's largely on trend.
Favreau has assembled a terrific cast for a road trip that is joyous and revelatory, all set to a great soundtrack ...
Never feels like there's anything really at stake here, making it hard to be all that invested in the characters. Pleasant only takes you so far.
Like all good foodie movies, Chef works not only because of the cooking scenes, but because it is a beautiful portrayal of the passion and love the best chefs have while cooking food for other people.
Congenial gastro-sitcom has middle-of-the-road, family-style -- despite the "R" for language -- fun.
Favreau is sometimes too heavy on the schmaltz. But, largely, Chef will leave you hungry for more.
While Chef doesn't totally reach the heights of Favreau's best work, it bursts with passion.
Subtle and sweet when it's working, mawkishly obvious when it isn't...
'Chef' is a fresh, character-driven comedy with a father-son relationship at the center. It's a recipe for those who are weary of CGI battle scenes.
Jon Favreau has cooked up a great movie.
Chef offers a pleasant cinematic road trip, which also works as a palate cleanser for Favreau the filmmaker.
There will be drool.
...the essential difference between Favreau's low-budget debut Swingers and this back-to-basics passion project is, ironically enough, hunger.
Savvy but not cynical, soaked in atmosphere, Favreau's return to independent film immerses its audience in its likable lead character's failures, triumphs and food.
Measured by the "good-time factor," Chef is a success
Charmingly affectionate, playful, and gorgeous, making one wish Favreau would just remain here, making movies about people being funny and real in interesting environments. He's simply terrific with this stuff.
It's a refreshing change of pace from typical summer fare, a story not framed around the skeleton of an old TV series or designed as a tie-in to Hasbro toys.
If "Chef" were a musical, you'd walk out humming the food - and you might end up doing that anyway.
It's charming, funny and real. CHEF is perfect counter programming for this overcrowded blockbuster summer.
Few movies are better suited for a dine-in theater.
Chef is filled to the brim with the kind of heart and vivacity that makes up for the film's familiar storyline
A slight but sweet film (part passion/part vanity project) that feels like it was tossed together in short order.
Chef is so thin and bland it doesn't even inspire contempt.
Favreau returns to his "Swingers"-style indie film roots for an emotionally nourishing and music-filled labor of love about food, family and a man's quest to restore and refresh his reputation with both.
Best of all is Favreau. Instead of mass-producing another superhero epic, he has given the overfed public a dish of right-sized comfort food. Whatever he cooks up in the future, it will be hard to top "Chef."
The shapeless story takes way too long to get to Carl's big moment of change, and the tension in both his professional and personal lives feels forced.
On one level, harmless food porn. On another, a rant about an artist (Jon Favreau) who gets slammed by the Internet. A movie that looks like an indie, is packaged like an indie, but which is a softball televisionistic feel-good whine.
Favreau's a big man who knows how to wield a chef's knife and shoots the food truck scenes with a hectic good nature that's infectious. There's no message beyond the obvious -- a good sandwich can solve a lot of problems.
A film that feeds the heart and soul - and will make you want to feed your face when it is done. In fact, make your dinner reservations for after the movie. Otherwise, you're just going to end up eating twice.
A succulent, sweetly simmering amusement...
The film's main theme, the restoration of the father-son relationship, while not very original, is sympathetically handled and young Anthony gives a winning performance as a sensible, loyal child who is able to teach his jaded father a thing or two.
An art house/mainstream hybrid. Wonderful cast. The kid is great.
If, as it's said, the true test of quality for any movie about food is how hungry watching it ultimately makes you, well, Chef is a very good movie about food.
This mouth-watering, savory film is the most satisfying effort by Favreau since he made the leap to blockbusters.
Chef tells a very familiar story, but it does so with wit, an attention to its characters, and plenty of compassion.
The food is so lusciously photographed you can almost smell it. And the music perfectly matches the food, sensual and spicy.
Jon Favreau's bouncy paean to the culinary arts wins you over in a stridently upbeat, crowd-pleasing way ...
Mostly the movie's gossamer mood works.
Favreau's heart is in the right place with Chef.
A colorful, great-looking film, with an infectious soundtrack.
Chef is lightweight, and could be seen as just a blatant attempt to cash in on the whole food-truck phenomenon, but it's so engaging that it really doesn't matter.
There is nothing wrong with "Chef" except that it is so ceaselessly, excessively pleasant. There is only so much humdrum harmony one can take before the film in question grows tedious.
A sharp, sweet, funny film that's all about what goes into the stomach without ignoring the heart.
A recipe that most audiences will be unable to resist, though by any standard the nutritional value is negligible. And at least cinematic comfort food like this won't put on pounds.
You know these ingredients; it's how they're served that counts.
There's nothing terribly profound about "Chef." But its message - that relationships, like cooking, take a hands-on approach - is a sweet and sustaining one.
The movie's problems aren't small: It moves slowly, meanders everywhere and never quite arrives at a destination.
Favreau writes and directs "Chef" with such conviction and honesty that he puts a zesty, engaging glaze over the rewarmed material.
There are enough satisfying flavor notes in "Chef" to make it a tasty repast, even if the film bears too much of a resemblance to the unadventurous menu the food critic pans.
Jon Favreau's charming comedy about a chef trying to carve out a living accomplishes exactly what it needs to: It makes your stomach growl, your mouth water and your brain vow to track down the nearest medianoche.
No matter how you slice it, "Chef" is authentic cuisine.
Favreau's masterly light touch as an actor hasn't yet translated to a similarly deft offhandedness behind the camera. The movie, slick and shallow, is fairly entertaining anyway.
Rich and familiar, more likely to be returned to as comfort viewing than grumbled about for its shortcomings.
A James L. Brooks movie that James L. Brooks never got around to making. Workplace, extended families, secondary families, love, longing, mild nostalgia, untamable optimism, stuff that makes you want to be a better man, woman, chef or critic.
The banter between those turning up the heat on Carl and those chowing down on his creations is loose, lively and unforced.
I think this is such a beautiful film in its naturalism.
You become so thoroughly steeped in Casper's day-to-day routine that there are few dull spots. [And] John Leguizamo and Bobby Cannavale both help to keep the banter flowing and the whole thing rolls along with an unaffected and easygoing good humour.
To borrow one of the many lame metaphors it employs, Chef feels horribly undercooked.
[Jon] Favreau knows how to shoot food but he also knows how to talk food, and how to shoot the all-encompassing drive of cooking on a line.
Chef is food porn with a gelatinous script and thinly drawn players propping it up
Foodies and non-foodies alike will feed hungrily on the many delights served up by Chef, a terrific, thoughtful, genuinely unusual comedy that is as much about the dynamics of social media as it is about cooking.
It's all about the all-around personality--and a distinct and appealing one indeed manifests in Favreau's writing and direction as well as, more importantly, the performances and chemistry.
I hate to use such a tired critic's phrase, but it's appropriate here: Jon Favreau's Chef is the feel-good movie of the Summer.
Salty comedy about food and fatherhood is made with love.
Although overly familiar, the behind-the-scenes food shenanigans are often lively and sharply written.
Favreau's most cheerful directing job in ages, his best performance since "Swingers"
There's an important distinction between food porn and food propaganda, and Chef doesn't always know the difference. Still, mostly delightful whenever Favreau isn't making a 5th-grade book report about social media.
Transparent but never raw, slight but seldom undercooked, Chef is hardly the year's most satisfying film, but it's rare to find a movie that leaves the audience just as happy as it is hungry.
Chef won't knock your socks off, but it believes in itself - and for Favreau, that's all that matters.
If the Food Network ever decided to add a soap opera to its lineup, it could do worse than borrow from Favreau's stripped-down yet satisfying recipe.
Consistently funny -- and when Robert Downey Jr. glides in for five-minutes and just kills it, hilarious.
A movie that manufactures its feel-good status without really earning it. There's nothing wrong with it that an injection of tension (or story) wouldn't improve.
A total joy to watch. But one tip: make dinner plans for after, because you will walk away ravenous.
If you want the cinematic version of a dim sum brunch, or cocktail hour at a tapas bar - lots of little plates, good flavors and uncomplicated fun - "Chef" has a table saved, just for you.
Chef is certainly a tasty offering - maybe not as filling as others and it runs out of ingredients by the end - but it's certainly worth a nibble.
The food movie for the food truck era, tapping into the zeitgeist in an assertive and interesting way.
As a director, Favreau keeps his music and his palette bold; the grass-roots American food and road views look inviting.
Chef is a wonderful film. It is one that, much like great food, should be savored and enjoyed.
Don't fill up on concessions if you catch Chef. You're going to want to eat afterward, even with a belly full of popcorn.
There's family-friendly fluff here, sure, but this dish has considerable bite.
While "Chef" is bound to formula with its father-and-son-bonding, rising-from-the-ashes road trip tale, Favreau is in complete command, creating comfort food seasoned by a master chef.
Even though Favreau covers a lot of very different terrains, story-wise, he has a relaxed but steady pacing that allows "Chef" to build to a nice, happy crescendo.
A warm and witty little comedy about appreciating the simple things in life, Favreau's new film is also the rare one to get the zeitgeist just right.
The perfect summer movie to spell you in between blockbusters...it's not a "popcorn movie", but make sure you have something to eat during this one.
Cooks up the perfect blend of talent, storytelling and heart. The food might lure you into the theater, the rest of the film keeps you wanting more.
Buoyed by a Latin-flavored score and Favreau's knack for improv inspiration, Chef is the perfect antidote to Hollywood junk food. Like the best meals and movies, this irresistible concoction feels good for the soul.
[A] shallow but enjoyable all-American morality play ...
Favreau is flat-out terrific. Warm, dimensional and intuitive, his Carl proves an ideal combo of top dog and underdog - as well as a thoroughly credible kitchen master.
The first two thirds of Chef crackle with hunger-inducing imagery and laughter-provoking gags. But the concluding road-movie section is less third act than travelogue.
A detailed and entertaining romp through kitchen life, Chef proves once again that Favreau's a major triple-threat in Hollywood: He wrote, directed and even stars in the film, despite his non-cookie cutter, leading-man appearance.
Like so much in "Chef," the plot resolution seems contrived and a bit silly. By then, though, we've had plenty of laughs, and generous helpings of warm feelings-the meat and potatoes of real life.
An appealing comedy about food, career transitions, and the bonding between a busy father and his 10-year-old son.
Although more than a tad hokey, sentimental and wish-fulfilling...Chef is a thorough crowd-pleaser which should have that elusive fun-for-all-ages kind of road-movie appeal.
All these actors, and the audience too, deserved a better, tighter, more daring film. The movie meal that Favreau whips up is easy to sit through but hardly memorable.
For Swingers fans, seeing Favreau make something small again might be worth it-even if the results are more appetizing in theory than in execution.
Scenes of Favreau at the grill bantering with Leguizamo and Cannavale could almost sustain an entire movie.
Fitfully amusing and beautifully photographed, Chef is undone by its frequent, hypocritical attacks on generic art.
This easy-going, feel-good film about a passionate chef who looses his job, starts in sparkling style but turns into a predictable come-back story.
Chef very much deserves to join Big Night and Dinner Rush in the canon of great American food movies.
With its gags about Twitter and food truck-triggered flash mobs, in 10 years it'll feel as dated as the '80s nouvelle cuisine in American Psycho.
Like all good food porn, the story here is wafer-thin at best.
It has lots of smart things to say about social media, criticism and father-son relationships - while also appealing to fans of food porn and mildly raunchy buddy movies.
A warmhearted tale of redemption with food, music and family at its crusty moist centre.
Worst of all are the tweets that pop up onscreen and then fly away, chirruping... This digital worship, unlike the food, is flavorless and dehumanizing, and in a few years' time it will look archaic. For now, it spoils the appetite.
Lodged somewhere between Jimmy Kimmel's "Mean Tweets" segment and Ratatoulle, this family movie (with a few too many f-bombs) has become a high speed commercial success before it's even hit theaters and the way it's uncompromising will blindside you.
A delectable take on an out-of-work cook who experiences career rejuvenation when traveling cross-country serving Cuban entrees on a foodtruck.
Favreau's Chef is a personal, feel-good palate cleanser from a writer-director who's pretty obviously searching for the fresh start his main character so desperately needs.
The film belongs to Favreau in every sense, and his father-son relationship with Percy is at the heart of the film's heart
There's a formulaic element to the plot which offers few surprises but the film is mostly a crowd pleaser ...straddles the genre encompassing its food specialist nature with themes of the father son relationship and road trip adventure
A funny, lighthearted movie that leaves you satisfied, if craving a bit more for those background characters.
Chef is harmless fun with a likeable cast, and enough suggestibility in the food on the screen to boost sales at the concessions stand.
The film is heaven for food porn enthusiasts, with its lovingly shot montages of sautéed veggies, juicy grilled meats and gooey melted cheeses.
Jon Favreau's film comes off as flippant in its view of independent labor as a universally liberating experience for an artist and businessman.
The easygoing comedy keeps a familiar story going despite minor plot hiccups.
CHEF is a lot of things - it's fitting that a road trip movie should be so all over the map - but what it is most of all is a celebration of tasty food and the people who make it, and I guess I can get behind that.
To paraphrase someone in the film, it seems like Favreau is cooking for himself again.
... simple truth shines through loud and clear in 'Chef,' a movie with a heart the size of Texas...
Far too entertaining to be dismissed as self-indulgence.
Never relies solely on its tasty-looking food to win over the audience ... and yet, it's probably the best 'foodie' movie since Ratatouille.
...at its best when demonstrating its creator's talents rather than having characters explicitly expound on them.
If nothing else Chef is a comfort food: not terribly filling but delicious all the same.
Chef's delicious nature has left me starving for more - more of Favreau's beautiful, heartfelt storytelling and free creative reign. A true, gourmet treat.


@highlight

Chef 's charming cast and sharp, funny script add enough spice to make this feel-good comedy a flavorful -- if familiar -- treat.