Endearing, enduring, with just a few bits of crude humor
Anne Hathaway is the cheery spark in this glitzy girl's fantasy story from screenwriters Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith ("Legally Blonde").
The Narrator begins and ends the story talking about how fairy tales transport us to another place, but the sad fact is that Ella lets us stay right where we are.
Avoids a misstep common among girl-empowerment flicks, which often emasculate the male lead to make the heroine truly heroic manages to make both leads appealing.
The idea of mixing the modern with the medieval is a dubious Mulligan's stew -- and annoys quickly.
'El público seguramente quedará encantado por la inocencia, el humor y la magia de una película a la que seguramente el tiempo dará el lugar que merece.'
Mesmo pecando por ser convencional demais, este é um filme charmoso e bem-intencionado - e certamente fará grande sucesso entre as crianças.
A thoroughly charming performer with a bracing freshness about her that carries the film, [Hathaway] establishes credible chemistry with Brit thesp Dancy.
A sweet little anachronistic musical fairy tale along the lines of 'Shrek.'
Someone should tell O'Haver and the gaggle of writers it took to write this unenchanted mess that updated doesn't have to mean washed-up and dumbed-down.
It looks tiring for a movie to flaunt its sense of irony as eagerly as Ella Enchanted while remaining so naive.
Looks an awful lot like "Shrek," down to the funky closing dance sequence.
An overcalculated fusion of Shrek and The Princess Bride with all the smarts replaced by smartass.
It's sweet, it's quirky, and the whole family can fall under its spell.
Wonderfully sweet and thoroughly enjoyable, it's like a live-action Shrek.
There's enough attitude here to keep the audience laughing, even when the film tips into stupid spoofery.
if they ruined...as badly as they ruined "Ella Enchanted" then we're going to have to start a revolution or something.
An artificially flavored movie potion...audiences may be less than enchanted with the gobbledygook results.
I wouldn't even mind watching it more than once, which is the true test.
There's lots of activity and energy, but no joy nor sense of spontaneity.
The mentality of the movie seemed to aim a little low, missing its core Princess Diaries audience and becoming pure Disney Channel fodder to follow Boy Meets World reruns.
As one concerned fan of the book wrote on the Internet Movie Database after seeing the trailer, 'The producers are changing too much things in it and making it too stupid.' Exactly.
A contemporary fairy tale starring Ann Hathaway is enchanting, funny and fun for kids and adults.
Like The Phantom Tollbooth and the cult TV series H.R. Puffnstuff, this film appears to have convalesced into head-trip allegories for older, pharmaceutically-savvy viewers.
It had some creative touches, but I thought the special effects were kind of cheesy.
It's an interesting mix, entertaining and yet so light and familiar that the film seems more of a knockoff than an original.
Delightfully subversive.
Ella Enchanted may be a little too enchanted with itself, but it conjures enough magical moments to keep its target audience entranced.
Veers wildly from juvenile comedy to romance to morality lesson, never quite finds its footing.
Ella Enchanted is a pleasurable surprise, a superior family film that is destined to entertain both children and adults.
In its innocence, sweet heart and abundant wit, it has more going for it, by my accounting, than a dozen more expensive-looking films.
This all makes for good and entertaining fun, from the musical numbers of 1980s pop tunes to the flamboyant fight scenes. For a while. But you've seen this all before.
Mostly ... the film bubbles along happily.
O'Haver ... has a great time juggling silly jokes, contemporary tunes and anachronisms like hand-cranked escalators at the medieval mall.
The film's lush scenery and sharp modern twists cast a powerful spell.
Artful enough to intrigue adults and far more original than other versions of Cinderella portrayed onscreen with alarming regularity.
Ella is under a spell that makes her obey all orders -- will someone please order Hathaway to stay pretty in better movies?
Squanders the comic potential of the source material through poorly timed gags and hit-or-miss one-liners.
The vehicle that carries [Hathaway] is a bit of a mouldy pumpkin.
It's a high-spirited charmer, a fantasy that sparkles with delights.
Anne Hathaway's performance as a cursed maiden in this time-jumbled fantasy is enchanting... but the movie is not.
What could have been wonderful has been processed into cute but throwaway fluff. It lingers like a half-cast spell.
It's the MTV, Teen Beat-lovin' teenage girls who will sing its praises the loudest.
Ella embraces the conventions of the fairy tale . . . while simultaneously gently spoofing them.
Score one for Ella Enchanted, an overpowering winner in the realm of smart family entertainment.
If you picked the four dimmest attendees at a Renaissance fair and told them to go remake The Princess Bride, you'd get something like this cloying stomach-churner.
An enchanting little story that will make you smile.
"Ella Enchanted" is on a par with other such fairytale fantasy adventures as "The Princess Bride."
Ella would be a lot more enchanting if it weren't such a pandering piece of product.
It's ultimately Hathaway's show, and she makes the most of it, showing off her natural knack for physical comedy, her sterling singing voice and her beguiling charm.
Hathaway's sweetly earnest performance makes this ambitious and occasionally downright weird tale work.
Ella Enchanted simply reinforced for me how much I loved The Princess Bride. There's nothing like a pale imitation to stir up affection for a film that really got it right.
Except for these ogre-sized missteps -- the occasional overacting, the self-conscious and over-used '70s dance music -- Ella has a lot to recommend it.
It's barely got a laugh in it.
Enchanted, no, but I wouldn't begrudge any young girl from thinking so.
Talk about enchanting.
It's a cute idea that has won the hearts of young readers and should have done the same as a film, but it's not buoyant enough.
This flat-footed, tongue-in-cheek fantasy never really manages to garner more than a chuckle, despite its amusing premise, and at least a couple of promising gags.
Every single attempt at levity or whimsy not only fails but actually melts down with a rancid nuclear tinge.
Though slightly uneven, this film version of Ella Enchanted never wavers from the magic of author Gail Carson Levine's words for girls: The demands of obedience should not be used to chain their souls.
Hathaway plays Ella straight, but appealingly, and is the actor least suspected of being put through Photo Shop.
An ugly-looking mismash of a fairytale.
Whether audiences find it charming or dreary depends upon their tolerance for cutesy ideas indifferently executed.
It's the Moulin Rouge of children's films... more magical than Harry Potter and more human than Lord of the Rings.Ella makes Harry Potter her b- -... witch.
Fractured fairy tale is a delight for younger teens and 'tweens, thanks to charm, heart and star Anne Hathaway's enthusiasm.
To watch the witless, ham-fisted attempt at fairy-tale romance that is Ella Enchanted, you'd never know the book it's based on is actually rather clever and charming.
Hathaway is gorgeous and goofy (in a young Julia Roberts way), but the film doesn't know if it wants to be postmodern cool or silly fun.
Ella Enchanted brings clever fairy tale credentials (including narrator Eric Idle) in its energetic pursuit of a finale where Ella can have her cake and eat it too.
A film adults can enjoy with their younger family members or alone, and might not too be embarrassed to recommend to their friends.
... there's an unabashed charm in Hathaway's sweet and spunky performance and a rejuvenating energy unleashed in a pair of bright musical numbers.
A nightmarish cross between prime-time WB and a renaissance festival.
In its attempt to fuse a fairy-tale fantasy with a modern sensibility, the movie winds up a corny, derivative mishmash.
The movie is an embarrassment -- another example of Hollywood excess overwhelming and sinking an otherwise unassuming story.
Though its moral is 'to thine own self be true,' the filmmakers failed to listen to its spin-doctored Cinderella and instead recycle elements of Shrek, The Lion King, and Lizzie McGuire.
Leaden, sophomoric, lumpen, Ella Enchanted belongs in only one place: the cinder bin that spawned it.
The movie works too hard to be entertaining, but Hathaway is so radiantly lovable that she could make an ATM withdrawal feel like a fairy tale.
This anachronistic Cinderella with a twist displays the same warped humor and fairy tale awareness of Shrek.
One of the smartest films for older children in quite some time, Ella Enchanted is a funny (and at times, politically pointed) take-off on the ancient conventions of fairy tales.
Likely to cast its spell primarily on adolescent girls, while their elders might well find it more than a little tedious in its familiarity and artificiality.
Barely an original moment.
Hathaway ... does a classy job of toppling the helpless 'save me!' Cinderella stereotype.
Occasionally fun but too reliant on gimmicks and purloined plotlines to rank alongside the better kids' movies.
Adds too many gimmicks to a story that had plenty going for it already.
The script is a patchwork quilt: sometimes winsome, sometimes wisecracking, sometimes serious, usually just silly.
Considering its pedigree, this Ella could have been a whole lot more enchanting.
A fractured fairy tale as bright and bouncy as an ABBA song.
The movie is good entertainment for the younger-than-14 set. But it's not quite inventive or spectacular enough to fully charm anyone older.
Its knockabout humor grows on you, as does Anne Hathaway.
Hathaway embodies the movie's sweet atmosphere, exuding a bubbly charm that will endear her to young viewers, and a girl-next-door wholesomeness that will reassure parents.
It's glossy, shiny candy that tastes oddly familiar yet lacks sugary punch.
After the first half hour or so, it sinks deeper and deeper into a mediocre self-aware pseudo-hipness.
Ella Enchanted is a delightful fairy tale romp from start to finish with a spunky heroine who has an ardor for justice.
...doesn't forget that the audience is very much in on the joke.
... mostly works, thanks [to] the... talents of Anne Hathaway... [undermined] with unnecessary things like ogres showing butt crack.
It has just enough wit and humor to make it to the Grand Ball, but in the end, this fairytale, to those who have seen better, is a clear disappointment.
Has plenty of charm (but) had O'Haver been smarter about its self-awareness and more consistent with its cleverness, the movie might have been able to stand the test of time.
The hoot and giggle of a girl-power fairy tale blended from potions of Monty Python, Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, and Shrek.
Completely owing its body and soul to Shrek, this is yet another fractured fairy tale designed for kids living in a postmodern age.
I still liked it, but Ella Enchanted is not one for the ages
Anne Hathaway is charming and magnetic, but her journey across fairyland is laughable, a series of co-incidences and instantaneous edits.
Cheesy and witless.
Transpires in a somewhat chintzy fantasy kingdom lousy with more cameos than your typical Love Boat season.
Note well that Ella is enchanted, not enchanting...any charm it might have possessed is buried under reams of cuteness and silly anachronism.
Nothing un-beguiles a fairy tale more than forced whimsy and labored magic.
From the very beginning, the film's primary dysfunction is that it can't decide exactly how smarmy or adorably postmodern it wants to be.
uses the archetypal story of Cinderella to skewer convention with that most deadly and effective of weapons: humor









@highlight

Hathaway is a charming heroine, but the simple storyline gets overwhelmed by silly gimmickry.