What a wonderful and demented love story!
It twinkles itself right into a rubber room.
For his feature film debut, director Yann Samuell mainlines into Amelie for inspiration but can scarcely muster a contact high.
Has a gimmicky, inventive style like Amelie, but the comedy has a very nasty edge.
Movie characters don't have to be nice, but they do need to be interesting. Nastiness without intrigue translates, in whatever language, to 'annoying.'
The dreamlike amber washes and comic visual asides stress the otherness of the pair's reality, but seem to offer a limp excuse for their deluded exemption from empathy.
Love Me If You Dare presents a...cynical and often downright cruel perspective on relationships, though the film's bubbly look keeps it from becoming too dark.
Samuell's naivety and inexperience lead to this being an uncomfortable, if intriguing, mess.
Entertaining and appalling at once, an exercise in aesthetics that replaces the traditional unities with paradox, irony and cynicism.
Love Me If You Dare is far from everybody's cup of latte, but for those willing to take that dare, it has plenty to chew on.
A romantic dark comedy that'll have you scratching your head anew at what [the French] considers entertainment.
Ultimately, viewers will have to ask themselves if they're game; those who are will be in for quite a ride.
The story was so artificially sour that it seemed ludicrous, unimportant and unbelievable.
It doesn't point toward a new way to live our lives; it smugly applauds the 'radical' choices of one self-absorbed, sociopathic boy-girl couple.
Saved by the performances of Canet and Cotillard, who find the desperate romantic yearning beneath their characters' selfish and cruel behavior.
Gag me with a croque monsieur.
Samuell has his gorgeous but borderline-psychopathic characters devise nasty pranks that not only strike each other in the hearts but inflict much collateral damage.
Melds the magic of childhood memories with the pain of unrequited love.
Provides an enjoyable ride, even if style wins out over substance.
The leads in Love Me If You Dare, both juvenile and adult, are charming (if not quite in the Audrey Tautou range), and the cinematography and special effects are expertly done.
The kind of precious whimsy that you want to squash.
The picture is the equivalent of a little boy eating a worm to impress the little girl he has a crush on.
At first, the movie feels and looks inventive -- charming, even -- but when the semi-adorable moppets mutate into morally repugnant adults, its appeal quickly dissipates.
There's an outlaw fascination in watching two people for whom going too far is never far enough.
Exasperating, annoying and unlikable.
Doesn't quite hang together.
Like a cutout without backing, the star figures being either adorable (if you care to indulge) or very irritating.
The problem is, the characters eventually start to seem like a couple of idiots.
[V]eers wildly from icky instances of near-incest to repulsive demonstrations of emotional brutality...
Writer-director Yann Samuell is a wizard, crafting a movie universe that steals a little of Amelie's fantastical whimsy and a little of Run Lola Run's pedal-to-the-metal energy.
The elegantly photographed, unconventional French romance was apparently intended as a valentine to individual liberation. If so, rarely has the line between individual liberation and selfish irresponsibility seemed so blurry.
It is not to be missed.
A precariously bold, light-hearted dark comedy...
Has all the visual attributes and surface charm of Amelie.
Absolutely wonderful to look at.
It stretches to the snapping point the French tendency to forgive lovers' transgressions, while presenting as love interests a pair of cretins whose casual cruelty and immature antics render them entirely loathsome.
In this toxic tale of young psychopaths in love, the stylish, often stunning visuals are ultimately outmatched by the repellent protagonists at the story's center.
Apparently, the idea of their passion is enough to save them from a life of boredom -- if only it had the same happy effect on us.
Strangely frustrating, because Julien and Sophie choose misery and obsession as a lifestyle, and push far beyond reason.
Someday, when Samuell finds something to say, he may make a great movie. For now, he's only playing games.
The kind of clever, color-saturated novelty that dares you not to like it.
It's a pitch-black, Grimm Brothers-style fable that enchants, frustrates and ultimately dares you to love it. Even if you don't, you'll be riveted.
A cleverly disguised monster movie.
Shakespeare had it right and did it better.
The director's flights of cinematic fancy sometimes seem, like each of the lovers' antics, to be amusing primarily to himself.
Samuell's plays his own escalating game of 'Dares' with his audience, indulging in animated interludes and flights of theatrical fancy that don't seem to have a whole lot to do with anything.
This is a movie that celebrates the sociopath, and the truly annoying couple at its center unfortunately offsets its moments of genuine charm.
Fetishizes one couple's mating game at the expense of anyone unlucky enough to be in their path.
The sort of heavy-handed fantasy that gives 'insufferable whimsy' a bad name.
Slick but painfully precious, it strains to be darkly romantic but is bereft of genuine feeling.
If you're able to take Love Me as a black comedy and suspend disbelief about the couple's mutual humiliations, it can be great fun.
For all of Samuell's imaginative cinematic bravura, it is, finally, mainly exasperating. Phooey on Julien and Sophie's excruciating l'amour fou.
A dark, unpredictable love story that can either be viewed as tragic, idiotic or soulfully romantic, depending on whether you really believe love makes the world go around.
The forced wackiness and whiplash-inducing camera moves owe everything to Amélie but share none of that film's bittersweet joy or charm.
An extravagantly florid romantic comedy in which the lead couple are so self-absorbed and obnoxious that a viewer can barely tolerate their presence.
Although fast-paced with unpredictable twists and turns, the game doesn't live up to Julien's description of it as being 'better than drugs, sex, masturbation.'
Only the French, those self-proclaimed sages of 'l'amour fou,' would dream of concocting a surreal romantic allegory like Yann Samuell's grown-up fairy tale.
A fanciful French drama that explores the shadow side of games in the lives of two very close friends.
Much of the style strains too hard to be cute, but true romantics may shed copious tears of sympathy and empathy.
The rueful ghost of François Truffaut hovers over writer-director Yann Samuell's wonderfully capricious tale of Gallic lovers with no idea of when to say finis.
The violence of their romance is striking, sometimes moving, and always disturbing, even as metaphor.
The award for the most annoying character to appear in a movie so far this year turns out to be a tie: It goes to both of the oh-so-swankly tormented romantic mischief makers of Love Me if You Dare.
Fans of Amélie will rejoice in the film's CGI-aided flights of fancy; all others will groan audibly and often as director Yann Samuell piles on the Nutrasweetened visuals.
First-time director Yann Samuel turns on all jets to the point where we become convinced he's compensating for something, even though the story is in actuality pretty strong.
The performances by Canet and Cotillard are wonderful; these two make one of the most delightful screen couples in recent years.
Gives new ammo for those who say 'I don't play games.'
Valiant attempt to create a modern fairytale ends up being frustratingly creepy instead of haunting and memorable.
A concoction that contains nothing recognizable from the lives of real people and no recognizable truth.
A romantic fairy tale for adults, it's captivating, charming and sometimes bittersweet. Trust me -- you've never seen anything quite like it.
It's either a life-long romance or a warning about how destructive unfulfilled loved can be. They dare you not to love it.
Canet and Cotillard are highly convincing.
An exhilarating if frustrating ode to l'amour fou.








@highlight

The romantic leads are too obnoxious and self-centered to generate interest or sympathy.