Silly satire of competitive dads has some iffy humor.
Does better on DVD than it did on the big screen, as long as your expectations aren't too high.
The cornball humor and aw- shucks demeanor often make the Disney Channel seem edgy by comparison.
Imbecilic, unreasonable and wretchedly unfunny.... The film is 5,580 seconds long, and not one of those seconds is believable.
A simple pleasure from start to finish.
It's all about these fathers and how crazy they are.
Typical for this type of family-skewing comedy, performances vacillate between engagingly broad and annoyingly overstated.
Heads in predictable directions and illuminates little besides the process of crafting cars to compete in the Scouts' Pinewood Derby.
A cute family feature about the competitive little boy in every dad.
Crammed with charmless characters and/or hammy performances.
The Pinewood Derby is a tradition dating back more than 50 years, but it's doubtful Down and Derby will hang around for more than a week.
[A] decent old-school family film (with cuddly lessons and morals).
Too often the movie defies description as a comedy.
Down and Derby has the look and feel of something that might turn up on a cable channel devoted to 'family-friendly' entertainment, where it might find a greater audience.
Down and Derby is amusing enough to make a bit of money at the box office and become a shelf-stable DVD for years to come.
[The] family-friendly slapstick is pitched at such a manic high... that the results are more exhausting than amusing.
It has moments of fun, but... In racing terms, it limps toward the finish line and comes up short.
The cartoonish movie might have made for a funny half-hour short or sitcom pilot but runs out of track well before its conclusion.
Like a snow cone with no syrup, Down and Derby leaves us high and dry in the moral-of-the-story department.
It should be required viewing for moms and dads tempted to write their children's essays, create Power Point presentations for their science projects and build their Pinewood Derby cars.
It's when adults with whitewashed notions of childhood get hold of a camera that kiddie fare -- like this uninspired effort from writer-director Eric Hendershoot -- goes limp.
Down and Derby is a benign but good-hearted family comedy that offers a gender-switch on stage moms: derby dads.
It's too predictable and TV-movie generic to appeal to anyone older than, say, 5.
An amiable, albeit somewhat lame family film.
Might make for a foul-weather-time waster on Nickelodeon, the Fox Family Network or even the Disney Channel, but on the big screen it's a hapless, hopeless bore.
Germann is the whole show here, which might not be so bad if he played to his quirky strengths. Instead, he's stuck playing Tim Allen


@highlight

Dull, predictable family fare.