And from that promising but slightly tired opening stanza, Double Lover quickly descends into a psychodrama of such committed dementedness I found myself liking it a great deal more than I probably should have.
You've got to admire Ozon for presenting a frivolous film with such a serious approach, but it's easy to miss that he's in on the joke. Double Lover should be viewed with a smirk.
A genre film taking a woman to the extremes of sanity while always honouring her emotions, L'Amant Double is a bold and often disturbing spectacle.
An uneven film that's neither as sexy nor as smart as it thinks it is - one part a nastier Fifty Shades of Grey and one part an introduction to Freud.
A provocative and occasionally silly erotically-charged psychological thriller that revels in explicit shock value.
Were L'Amant Double the work of any other film-maker - one without the credible female-oriented pictures 8 Women and Swimming Pool on his CV - it would make for unimaginatively troubling viewing.
50 Shades Of Grey directed by David Cronenberg. That is to say, there is sexual 'awakening', a subplot about rival twin psychiatrists and a smidgeon of body horror.
Ozon is clearly having a lot of fun here, and L'Amant Double is not intended to be taken completely seriously; on that level, there is plenty to enjoy in its cine-literate depiction of a mind on the edge.
Filmed with silky elegance L'Amant Double is outwardly a model of arthouse refinement, but it lurches from one improbable set-up to another like a potboiler written to a midnight deadline.
Saucy and silly, L'Amant Double is a disappointingly superficial romp, with interesting psychological potential squandered by B-movie levels of nonsense. Identity crises all round.
However warmly you embrace the film's silliness, though, there's a good chance that the ending will disappoint.
Sexy and playful... The film is a masterclass in misdirection.
There is an obvious debt to David Cronenberg's Dead Ringers. But the skin-tingling subversion of the erotic thriller premise is all Ozon.
This is a treat. There are plenty of disturbing twists to keep you gripped and brilliant performances, especially Jeremie Renier playing both twins with incredible subtlety.
It's the way Ozon keeps the film teetering on the brink of silliness without losing faith in the pulpy appeal of the story that makes this such a blast from its first frame to its shattering final shot.
[Double Lover] has been billed as an 'erotic thriller' but as it is, in fact, a rape-culture fantasy dressed up as one, I found it about as erotic as descaling the kettle, say. Also, it felt 90 years long.
Say 'bonjour' to that rare joy of joys, a film that hits the sweet spot between classy art house and erotic trash.
Ozon is an effective enough filmmaker to send up conventions of such films even as he seems to endorse them.
It's Cronenberg's Dead Ringers done by a European determined to arty it up with no clear idea of why or how.
Ozon knows his female characters like few others. [Full review in Spanish]
[Double Lover] is a captivating mystery. [Full Review in Spanish]
An erotic-psychological thriller that could have been a major work in the hands of Brian de Palma.
What gives the film its surprising coherence is not only the fluidity of Ozon's technique but also his mastery of tone, the ease with which he applies serious craft to a resolutely un-serious endeavor.
No one said the erotic French picture about a woman with a transference/twincest fetish would be emotionally healthy.
[T]he first good movie of 2018. . .the purely cinematic pantomime of person-to-person intimacy is a memorably powerful exploration of the intricacy of trust, and that's the film's political trump card.
I almost don't feel like one viewing of the film does it justice, and I find I'd like to jump right back in for a second viewing right away so I can spend more time dissecting its ominously abhorrent twists in greater detail.
It actually opened nationwide on Valentine's Day, and pity the poor fool who might have taken a first date to such a psychosexual doozy.
Francois Ozon's latest leans towards the stronger end of his filmography despite a penchant for some over the top shenanigans.
... features plenty of arbitrary twists to bump up the weirdness quotient, yet somehow also builds suspense through its twisted tale of deception and revenge.
For a film about identical-twin gynecologists who share a woman, David Cronenberg's Dead Ringers was awfully psychological. Conversely, for a film about identical-twin psychologists who share a woman, François Ozon's latest is awfully gynecological.
The whole thing is the sort of enjoyable high-class trash that only the French seem to be able to get away with.
Ozon is fascinated with themes of gender roles and sexual dynamics - much like Hitchcock and De Palma - but without their underlying misogyny and/or homophobia, so it's a perfect match.
It does rely on certain Gallic attitudes toward women that don't travel well. Louis' psychiatric method could reasonably be described as sexual assault, and the notion that Chloe might be "hysterical" is at best archaic.
Dark, kinky and twisty with a modernist sheen, "Double Lover" delivers a delightfully messed up cavalcade of erotic hijinks.
Francois Ozon's good twin/bad twin thriller puts dull Hollywood twaddle like Fifty Shades Freed to shame with its wild, wanton ride into the subconscious. Prepare for a mindblower.
It's a buffet of psychosexual delicacies, borrowed and otherwise, all staged with hot-blooded, straight-faced vigor.
Double Lover starts out sedately enough, but don't let that fool you.
Like Young & Beautiful, Ozon can't figure out if he's empowering or exploiting his heroine.
... an audaciously carnal and outrageous wild ride that may wind up a cult classic someday. For now, though, it is simply grade-A trash whose ability to dazzle the senses as its ludicrous story progresses, isn't quite enough to satisfy.
It's like Dead Ringers meets Body Double with a kinky, winking full-frontal Gallic twist.
By dabbling in hazy mirror games and cheap, artificial glamour, Ozon squanders the chance of presenting something consistent, both thematic and genre-wise.
Vacth creates an empathetic, yet unreadable protagonist on a journey where delusions frequently overpower reality.
This is the sort of thriller that constantly sideswipes you with dream sequences and hallucinations, but if you're willing to go on Ozon's ride, it's an unpredictable journey.
Double Lover, an unintentionally funny trip down the therapeutic rabbit hole, may be the clumsiest scenario Ozon has ever been connected with.
Something this sleazy should be a lot more fun.
I sat on the edge of my seat, clapping with delight every few minutes.
A beautifully crafted example of [Ozon's] ability to evoke the slippery, ever-changing dimensions of human experience...has style aplenty, as well as a dreamily enigmatic vibe and a sly mixture of playful sexuality and mordant humor.
Nothing about this film feels remotely safe.
Double Lover has the gloss of high-minded art, and the soul of pure sleaze.
Trafficks in exploitative images of women in the guise of art-film license.
"Double Lover" ... spins its influences into a frenzy that ultimately reveals the story to be very much its own thing. And a crazy, and eventually strangely moving, thing it is.
Ozon's film is both laudable and laughable, delightfully wicked and deliciously ludicrous. However, it's consistently spellbinding.
Ozon has liberally adapted...'The Lives of the Twins' into a kinky psychological thriller with the spirit of De Palma, the body horror of Cronenberg and the stylish paranoia of 'Rosemary's Baby,' all with his tongue firmly planted in cheek.
If you don't like this one, you'll probably like the next one. And in the meantime, we have Ozon doing his Ozon thing, and that's not bad.
Double Lover may not represent Ozon in peak form but it's too weirdly entertaining to dismiss out-of-hand.
Though Double Lover has a slight oneiric quality from the start, it grows increasingly delirious, the plot threads knotting in convoluted patterns and the overall mood more and more ridiculous.
It's fitting that while the coy glossiness of Fifty Shades Freed is bringing the mildest sizzle to theaters nationwide, an alternative is also becoming available with Double Lover (L'Amant Double), the latest from French provocateur Francois Ozon.
A stylish, but increasingly pretentious and preposterous mindf*&k.
"Double Lover" is an ideal Valentine's Day movie for the adventurous. It gets you in the head, heart, and loins.
Despite all of the filmmaker's skilled effects, Ozon fails to generate real emotion.... it all ends up feeling artificial and inauthentic. The film folds in on itself before it self-destructs.
Perhaps Ozon's most playful movie.
Double Lover proves a flamboyant funhouse of schizophrenic sexual turmoil, its minds and bodies entangled in ways that are all the more entertaining for being so outrageous.
At this time in the year, where studios are churning out "dump month" genre movies with little artistic merit, a film like Double Lover feels all the more vital; it's trash cinema at its most artful.
It's got a dark comic edge that may come as unexpected.
Of course, considering that a good amount is ludicrous and unrealistic, there are a frustrating number of plot gripes, but thankfully nothing too bothersome factoring in that it is so damn sexy, thrilling, and rich in romantic metaphors
The kinky pleasures here often verge on the goofy (a fantasy sequence in which Renier makes out with himself is achievable with some functionally untitillating CGI), and the only real fetishes-twins, couches, mirrors-are purely cinematic ones.
Ozon chooses the doppelgänger to flirt again with the classic psychological thriller... [Full review in Spanish]
A film that falls at times into vacuousness, incapable of giving the shot the discursive twist that De Palma always achieves. [Full review in Spanish]
Ozon has at least scored on one count: L'Amant Double is so gloriously and unpredictably kinky that it manages to make Fifty Shades of Grey look like child's play.
It's a combination of Rosemary's Baby, every evil-twin movie you've ever seen, and a chic high-end perfume ad, with an emphasis on the ad.
It's like the wildest Frasier episode they never made, and hits all the parts - sometimes literally - the Fifty Shades of Grey films couldn't hope to reach.
The film seems a French version of 50 shades of Grey and doesn't disguise its most ridiculous and artificial side. [Full review in Spanish]
If not taken seriously, Orzon's film is nothing more than a perverse amusement that is so absurd and confusing. [Full review in Spanish]
The filmmaker wants to teng a lot of traps to the viewer, that the film turns out to be incoherent. [Full review in Spanish]
Its final surprise can make you cold, but watching this sophisticated beauty outweighs you. [Full review in Spanish]
The director seems unable to control the tone of a story that, at times, is comedy, sometimes thriller, sometimes punctual erotic drama and always delirium. [Full review in Spanish]
With a very passionate narrative rhythm and an overwhelming intensity, the filmmaker penetrates into an agonizing onirism from which it will not be easy to escape. [Full review in Spanish]
A cold, overly elaborate film that bets on safe ground. [Full review in Spanish]
This is an evident step backwards with respect to the previous title of its director (Frantz). [Full review in Spanish]
Slick as the polished marble surfaces of its locations-museums, high-end restaurants, posh living rooms and offices-L'Amant Double steadily disappears down a whirlpool of kinky sex, melodramatic mystery, and thriller bombast.
Ozon's film has the appropriately sleazy touch of camp and bat-shit wonky direction to become a cult twin-thriller.
The sort of film you wouldn't mind seeing Roman Polanski take a stab at.
It's an absolute gem.
What's liberating here is the film's lack of inhibitions, which absolves the guilt without compromising the pleasure.
Basically, it looks a 105-minute ad for perfume: Pervitude, by Chanel.
There are plenty of elements to admire in Amant Double but the endless twists and revelations grow tiresome.
A film that's made with serious craftsmanship but never takes itself seriously.

@highlight

Double Lover offers kinky pleasures that should thrill fans of classic erotic cinema while adding some uniquely transgressive European twists.