Beautifully shot sequences and little character moments kept me leaning forward in excitement.
When a storyline is this flat, the characters need to be all the more engaging and Hanna fails in this regard.
Yes, this is a well-made, well-acted, entertaining movie. But it left me curiously empty afterward.
Hanna is not just a sleek action movie (with a heart-pounding soundtrack), but it also has a soul that you don't want to part with.
Meticulously composed mayhem without a larger purpose, too glum to provide any base genre satisfactions.
not terrible, but not great
It's like an amusement park ride operating in the middle of a rave in which The Chemical Brothers provide a no-one-gets-out-alive thrust of unimpeded propulsion.
Jason Bourne meets Run Lola Run in a movie that brings terrifying new meaning to 'child abuse'.
"A furious neck-snapping thriller that summons up memories of a dozen other movies and manages to improve on most of them."
Teenage assassin trained as a killing machine since birth? Unless your movie has Nicolas Cage dressed like Batman with a paedo-tache, you're fighting a losing battle from the start.
For a film that is supposed to be a thriller, the thrills are few and far in between. What "Hanna" really ends up being is a missed opportunity.
Having already long proven her acting chops, Ronan shows a bright future as a bona fide movie star.
While the plot has some minor flaws, the incredible performances, characters, soundtrack and action beats of Hanna more than make up for it.
The ingredients are there for success, but as we build toward resolution (or even increased conflict) Hanna fails to develop at a rate to match the sum of its parts.
Sometimes a gritty, unpolished, and decidedly European-style thriller is exactly what you're looking for.
As a thriller, this strange, at times hypnotic, fable about a damaged little girl severely disappoints.
A sour, empty graphic novel of an escapade from the man who once helmed 'Atonement,' 'Hanna' gets intensely more godawful as it approaches its climax.
'Hanna,' 'Salt' and 'Colombiana' should all merge together for a sequel.
[Joe] Wright is a natural successor to the late Anthony Minghella, able to deftly mix visual panache with small-scale emotion.
This cool, calculated who's-hunting-who piece brings home all the requisite tension, gunplay and fighting with a great deal of cinematic style.
Joe Wright leaves behind everything he has previously done. He seems hardened and full of fury, perhaps a response at the unfair way his The Soloist (2009) was received. Hanna is stripped-down, fast, and fantastic.
...most of the time Wright simply throws everything he can think of at the screen like the promo director he used to be. Great soundtrack, though.
A flashy but disposable exercise in style over substance... [Blu-ray]
Hanna is a perfect example of visual filmmaking elevating a substandard story.
A kinetic action thriller of high quality, Hanna is as visually strong as it is emotionally engrossing, thanks to strong central performances and a welcome change of pace from director Joe Wright.
The entire thing - the whole weight of the movie - rests on the remarkable abilities of Saoirse Ronan ... she's an exceptional actor. She's one of a kind.
Wright is capable of much better, as is everyone in the cast. He's trying to make a silky Euro thriller with a frisson of controversy. It's more like a never-ending trailer.
While you enjoy much of where Hanna is taking you, the destination is both bewildering and frustrating and, in retrospect, the path taken is extremely brutal.
While the performances are all strong, the real star here is Joe Wright's inspired direction, which transforms this action thriller into a modern fairytale.
Hanna is an intriguing action-thriller that's best described as a cross between Run Lola Run and The Bourne Identity.
The filmmakers struggle to satisfactorily connect the core driver of the story, a half hearted attempt at a sci fi element, into the plot, which leaves the film unable to articulate what it is that it wants to say
A top notch thriller, laced with suspense, action and a wonderful sense of mystery
An extraordinarily visceral and subjective film, brilliantly straddling the divide between art-house and action cinema.
The adrenalin rush is fun, but neglecting the character dynamics means that, when the lights go up, Hanna will just be a fleeting memory.
Like a lover who brags about his prowess in bed but cannot deliver when the moment comes, the climax is overlong, tedious and deeply disappointing.
Funky, random and well shot, this action film about a girl (excellent Saoirse Ronan) trained to be an assassin gets a little overly-stylized and illogical for its own good.
Folklore undercurrents that prove initially spry and intriguing are soon rendered ... leadenly obvious.
It's probably not enough for a movie to look and sound nice when it comes at the expense of character, story and basic logic, but it really does look and sound nice.
I loved it. For the entire film, I was captivated by the opposing forces of business versus pleasure in Hanna's life.
A fast-paced action thriller where standard operating procedure doesn't seem to apply.
Wright proves himself a skilled action director, handling the kinetic requirements of the admittedly fairly routine material with a deft hand, aided entirely by solid performances and a killer soundtrack from The Chemical Brothers.
Cate Blanchett's ruthless CIA operative, a woman so driven she even makes flossing look scary.
It's an action movie with brainy aspirations, but director Joe Wright is too literal and broad for the arthouse crowd.
The larger-than-life characters, the jarring colour schemes and, especially, the Chemical Brothers' erratic, block-rocking score reflect the world as its protagonist experiences it: beautiful, violent, loud and frequently bizarre.
The body count is phenomenal and the overall effect polished, weightless and unmemorable.
Despite having unlimited potential, Hanna doesn't reach the heights of the best in class like Inception, The Fugitive and the Bourne series.
Hanna sits between two audiences - arthouse and multiplex - and will disappoint both.
Hanna really is good enough to justify comparisons with similar breathless chase films like Leon and the Bourne series.
There's little doubt that Wright has made a technically proficient and often imaginative film, attempting to be an action movie with a mind of its own, referencing fairy tales, reality and super-duper spectacle.
Wright has created an adrenaline-fuelled, modern-day fairytale that you will want to see again Hanna-gain.
Can this really be a Joe Wright film? Where are the corsets and crinoline?
Wright paces his action scenes well, and cinematographer Alwin Kuchler captures every scene as if he painted it himself. A mixed bag of genres, Hanna delivers on them all.
Fun in places but unfulfilling as a whole.
After a strongish start, the film doesn't so much sag as utterly collapse - each audience member will feel like someone who has flung himself into a hammock that isn't tied at either end.
The cast is strong enough to keep us engaged even when the plot skips over some glaring implausibilities
Succeeds in blending the strange, almost fairy-tale atmosphere with some expertly conceived action and unusual, well-sketched supporting characters...
Ronan has developed into quite a force to be reckoned with, and proves such a strong and hypnotic lead that she almost outshines her older co-stars, Bana and Blanchett.
Like all Wright movies, it's stylishly shot in some interesting locations. It's certainly not a bad film, I just wish it was tauter.
A surreal thriller needs a thrillmaker with a gift for the surreal, not the pedestrian talent (here) of Joe Wright.
Hanna's not always on target, but you shouldn't take your eyes off her.
Pacey, excitingly directed mini-Bourne-style thriller with a strong script, superb action sequences, a great soundtrack and a terrific central performance from Saoirse Ronan.
... the kind of deliberately stylish espionage yarn that Ingmar Bergman and Orson Welles might have agree upon, had they been predisposed to such foolishness.
While the film as a whole may be episodic and wayward, and not always in a good way, the action scenes are uniformly sharp, inventive and gripping.
Wright makes sure his story looks great... but it's an empty experience, a Frankenstein story with no heft, indeed with little apparent awareness of the classic tale it is evolved from..
An absurd-sounding concept rendered wholly believable and thrilling by a fearless young actress and a director at the top of his game.
It doesn't engage with the morality of the situation she's in, but it provides the audience with a kind of a dark fairy-tale perspective of what the outside world must look like through the eyes of a teenage girl who has never seen it before.
Complex puzzle pieces fit together to make an overly simple and familiar picture. It only seems complex because Wright does not play fairly with the viewer.
This film channels the haunting fantasy of the Brothers Grimm, with the hazy, colourful power of Lolita, and the thumping action of a Bourne film.
Along with makeup and sisterly advice, the regular teenager Sophie provides the trained killer Hanna with a glimpse of what she's missed.
The movie feels alive in a thrilling way, sometimes even a funny way, even when its thrills are cheap, confused, or diaphanous.
"I just missed your heart," Hanna says at one point, as she spears an enemy to death. Not mine, she didn't.
The Plausibility Alarm went off somewhere in the film's first scene, and then the thing rang so many times that it finally broke.
Can't be accused of visual dullness, but shouldn't it make a little more sense?
If the trajectory of Atonement director Joe Wright's career went a little off course with his last film, touchy-feely US debut The Soloist, it's now firmly back on track with Hanna.
An entertainingly nutty action thriller from the director Joe Wright.
For better or worse, it's impossible to pin Hanna down
Includes a pulsating soundtrack by The Chemical Brothers and tremendous fight and chase choreography that will absolutely, leave you on the edge of your seat.
With much more to it than its teenage assassin plot, Hanna is a grim fairy tale about a girl's coming-of-age that's also terribly entertaining. Thrilling to both the eye and ear, Hanna stands apart as a cerebral action movie.
Wright puts a compelling spin on the conventional action thriller by imbuing the violence with an underlying sense of sadness and pathos.
An ultra-modern, über-cool original action adventure infused with elements from fairy tales and video games and choreographed to a thumping Chemical Brothers soundtrack.
It's an adrenalin rush to watch this dynamo spontaneously deal with all the brutal thugs who are given no time to think about their wrong presumptions. For action fans, it's paydirt.
If Hanna is all surfaces, [director] Wright at least has the basic decency to make sure the surfaces gleam.
If you have a strong personal sense of morality, or if you value human life, you will probably find this a disappointing film.
Provides the thrills of a well-made action picture, but with the potential for being much more squandered.
Her gentle name is deceiving. 'Hanna' is a cold-blooded killer. Saoirse Ronan plays a teenager who isn't the kind of girl you want to upset in this action-packed thriller that's sort of a juvenile version of 'Run Lola Run.'
To me the film just didn't fit together. It doesn't really come together to make an action film.
Exactly what you might expect with the director of Atonement let loose on an action picture. That's both the good news and the bad news.
It tries to be everything to all people, with its young star (to attract to tweenies), copious mayhem (startling at times) and hard-boiled characters but only succeeds in part.
Wright never met a flashy edit or swirling camera move he didn't like.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Ronan is prefect for the title role but Joe Wright's directing is a little sluggish. And where did Blanchett get that accent?
...a well-paced, entertaining adventure...If you can put up with (the violence) this is a highly entertaining film.
When the beats and the color saturation fades, we're left with nothing but a very surface, very uninteresting story.
An effective thriller with a terrific lead performance by Saoirse Ronan and an excellent sound design.
Not too many surprises here, just a great action flick with a sci-fi edge.
Blessed with considerable virtues, including a clever concept, crackling filmmaking and a charismatic star, it ultimately squanders all of them, undone by an unfortunate lack of subtlety and restraint.
What keeps us hooked is Ronan, a young actress of seemingly limitless abilities, and the tension she creates between Hanna's inhumanly agile body and quizzical eyes, which turn cold only when she pulls the trigger.
Artfully photographed and cleverly themed, the simple story is elevated by director Joe Wright who combines elements of a James Bond adventure thriller, and an innocent coming-of-age story, framing it all within the structure of a fairy tale.
Action-packed, this is a humorless pursuit thriller with an enticing impact.
Though shooting to be an art film, it never rises above being a moderately diverting escapist action film.
This is a fairy tale. If you go into this expecting...Judy Blume's Bourne Identity or something, you'll be disappointed.
A chase flick that on balance is worth catching.
This film is bound to give the home-schooling movement a bad name, unless, of course, you're running a home school for assassins.
This guilty pleasure is by far the coolest movie of the year with cross-generational appeal to fans of espionage thrillers.
So loosely plotted as to be laughable, this adrenalized fairy tale has the high-gloss sheen of a Bourne flick, but none of the smarts. Consider yourself warned: The more you dwell on Hanna's story, the less there is to enjoy.
Action cinema for audiences who crave something deeper than what you typically get.
In Hanna, Joe Wright demonstrates a savant-like mastery of visual film language with a mercenary skill focused on making you feel exactly what he wants. Even when the script itself might not be up to the task.
Watching Hanna is like watching someone else play a really expensive video game...
Does in 15 minutes what Sucker Punch couldn't do in 110.
"Hanna" plays out as a visceral fairy tale about a naif discovering a world both fascinating and dangerous.
HANNA is the sort of movie that gives you faith in action films as not just ass-kicking or fun rides but as actual cinema
Saoirse Ronan is a talented young actress who tends to be better than the movies she's in. And that tendency holds true with "Hanna," an unsteady thriller that staggers when it should sprint.
Hanna opens with a bang and sustains both its extraordinary energy and its central enigma for quite a while. If, ultimately, there is a little bit less here than meets the eye...
I gave up trying to keep track of the plot and wondered, Just what the hell is going on here?
Hanna is far from perfect but, courtesy of star Saoirse Ronan and director Joe Wright, it's one of those imperfect pictures that manages to command and hold our attention straight from the opening frames.
This thriller about a teen assassin packs plenty of visual style, but the story rings surprisingly hollow.
Wright delivers an electric mash up of genres and styles, a kind of action fairy tale in which the princess is a highly trained killer, the wicked stepmother is a ruthless government agent, and there is no handsome prince or happy ending.
A wild ride, implausible and ridiculous. But, yes, fun.
Saoirse Ronan is terrific. So is Cate Blanchett. But chase, chase, chase = No tension, no surprises. No fun.
Violent thriller is a high-stakes teen-assassin tale.
Bourne meets the Big Bad Wolf in Hanna, a techno-action fable about a teenage girl groomed to be an assassin.
If you're looking to find out how to make an action/spy thriller more than just an action spy thriller then look no further then Hanna.
Marvelous. Cate Blanchett is great as one of the wickedest witches since Margaret Hamilton. One of the ten best films of 2011.
Like a good fairy tale, Hanna is easy to describe but hard to sum up ... it doesn't succeed at the genres it plays at as well as it could, but it succeeds at being something different brilliantly thanks to a game cast and sure-handed direction.
The script seems incomplete; the result is a distinctive movie that disappoints, despite a powerhouse set-up, some knockout sequences, a propulsive score by the Chemical Brothers and admirable cinematography and production design.
It successfully combines artistic pretensions and giddy action thrills in ways that will remind viewers favorably of similar genre mash-ups like "La Femme Nikita" and the Jason Bourne films.
Think La Femme Nikita facing down Bullwinkle Moose's Natasha Fatale, with breakneck running á la Run Lola Run. Add in borrowed sets from Fellini, and voila! Hanna is served -- sadly, not as well as it should be.
Bad-A**!
Cate Blanchett sounds like a drunk Dr. Phil.
A thinking person's action film with stylish fight scenes and a "Bourne"-like existential core.
In "Hanna," the ingenious way the film comes together is almost as compelling as the story it tells.
The forced coming-of-age parable that filmmaker Joe Wright laces with fairy-tale symbolism is heavy-handed from the get-go.
A sure-footed action thriller.
The film is never more than an amalgamation of other movies.
Is it a great movie? No. Nagging questions and plot holes start appearing the minute the endorphins and adrenaline wear off. But it isn't a bad one, either.
The director's clever use of extreme landscapes and surreal sets keep us immersed in a visually stimulating world somewhere between fantasy and reality.
This J.V. "Salt" is effective only for a few minutes at a time, in some occasionally ripping action scenes set to a vivid Chemical Brothers score.
It doesn't have much to say and it doesn't leave you with much to think about. However, when the house lights come up, you may notice you haven't touched your popcorn.
An intriguing enough remix of well-established assassin-on-the-run routine whose greatest asset is its young star.
...a movie that doesn't understand where its real power lies.
A painstakingly composed, gorgeously expressive tone poem.
For all the skill she has ... [Hanna] is ultimately reduced ... to just a little girl who becomes lost in the figurative forest after leaving the literal one.
It's a feast for the eyes, but we're still hungry.
"Hanna" is, on a certain level, ridiculous. But the way Mr. Wright conjures his images and parcels out his narrative is hypnotic and so seductive that wherever the film is heading we want to follow.
Visually and aurally, "Hanna" is a highlight so far in 2011.
...destined to leave audiences utterly divided...
A movie that, in the end, is no smarter than any other run-of-the-mill cinematic death fest, just grimmer, bleaker and sadder.
Too concerned with looking adult than being mature, and that's a death sentence for an action wannabe.
This slick thriller features inventive action sequences and terrific actors who offset more over-the-top moments.
Wright applies an artful eye to carnage; he and production designer Sarah Greenwood exhaustively deploy their love for finding colors that mirror the characters' psychological states.
A chase-thriller for the art-house crowd, Hanna is brisk, satisfying and often surprising.
With an A-list cast and incredible production values, Hanna is a speeding train. Hop on and hold on tight.
Little more than an action exercise, but an extraordinarily skillful one, a well-oiled machine that delivers an adrenaline rush of the first order.
Although its camera moves are fluid and its art direction elegant, Hanna doesn't travel anyplace unusual. The point of all its battling is just to battle.
On a purely physical level, Hanna grabs you by the throat and never lets go
Between the top-notch cast, cracking fight sequences, and pulse-pounding score courtesy of The Chemical Brothers, Hanna is the perfect appetizer for the summer season.
"Hanna" is almost a terrific movie, or a partly terrific one, but all its giddy, improvised wonder resolves into nothing more than a ruthless, symmetrical story about a murderous monster.
It's only when Ronan takes over that the film discovers a still, focused center.
In the end there might not be much to this tale other than titillation, but there's plenty to be said for Ms. Ronan, who was the best thing about "Atonement" and holds her ground against forceful screen presences like Ms. Blanchett and Mr. Bana.
Director Joe Wright takes one step further from his early period films with this stylish, head-tripping assassin thriller by way of Snow White.
The film is an uneven affair, good enough that you wish it had fully succeeded.
There's some great fun in the film, and a bit of unexpected wit, and lots of action, much of it ludicrous but some quite engaging.
Hanna rocks.
Wright has crafted a dreamy-looking and exciting film that works as much as a moving coming of age story as it does a bone-crunching action thriller.
There is not a single moment in the new film that is not striking or smartly put together or just plain considered. Wright leaves nothing to chance. I don't know that there's a better way to smother a movie.
Wright's direction starts out realistically enough but gradually deteriorates into what feels like a messy parody of a European art film.
The film exists in a peculiar no-man's land between Hollywood and art.
Because they have nothing to gain from this, logic would dictate that they just stay put, but then the movie couldn't turn into a live-action video game with a preteen piling up bodies like Rambo.
"Hanna" presents the problem of the well-made diversion that is, at its core, repellent.
Ultimately, and just like its titular antiheroine, it becomes its own fantastic and feral beast, undomesticated and slathering bloody good fun all over the audience.
Ronan's pale blue eyes can seem vulnerable or inscrutable, wistful or deadly.
Wright knows enough to fix his camera straight ahead on Ronan's otherworldly face. Despite having already been nominated for an Oscar, Ronan's presence feels like a revelation.
Hanna starts out edgy and fresh, but runs out of steam and imagination, ending up, after many obligatory chases, in the same old place.
[Ronan] has a strange sort of expressiveness that keeps Hanna from being a dull, blank slate.
Wright knows how to tell a story; he just doesn't seem to know how to tell this one.
This fairy tale may be Grimm, but it's also quite gripping.
While the sum of its parts do not add up, Saoirse Ronan shines brightly in this film.
[A] contrived, overwrought splat of arty hackwork.
Hanna is a fairy tale of lightning speed, gritty action and shocking gravity, all driven by the electronic beat of a hypnotic score by the Chemical Brothers.
What makes the scenario seem so unique and fresh is the way Wright tells the tale.
A well-done thriller with fairy tale sequences, a surprising secret, and a 16-year-old girl who soldiers into the world.
Odd, scatterbrained and sometimes a little too clever, but it's also passionate and captivating, combining a coming-of-age tenderness with heart-stopping action in a way that feels utterly unique.
If the late director Krzysztof Kieslowski had made a mainstream film, it might have looked a lot like this one.
The year's coolest movie so far.
Wright combines his two genres into a stylish exercise that perversely includes some sentiment and insight.
Distinctive Heroine separates Hanna from the pack.
The fact that Ronan is this good at this young age is what's truly frightening here.
It's Ronan who carries the film. She got a best-supporting-actress Oscar nomination for Wright's "Atonement," but here she's asked to do much more, and she nails it.
A picture-book story about complicated daddies, wicked stepmothers, and daughters who learn to be brave in the dark woods.
Joe Wright continues to prove himself as one of the more innovative filmmakers working today.
After two stuffy movies and one that stiffed, Joe Wright seems determined to prove he can direct a popcorn movie with Hanna. If you're seeking a higher-brow version of The Professional and take-your-pick of the Bourne flicks, here it is.
Hanna kicks ass.
"Hanna" is kinetic, vibrant, sometimes a completely insane adventure; one of the best times you'll have at the movies this year.
Despite its 21st-century trappings and proto-feminist protagonist, Hanna strangely reverts to reactionary politics as usual.
A Grimm acid trip...a slow burn of oddity, occasionally hitting a few chaotic beats before it's back on a unique prowl. Original and often fearless, Hanna is an exceptional cinematic wonderland.
An intriguing, original thriller that owes as much of a debt to the likes of Frankenstein, the Brothers Grimm, David Lynch, and A Clockwork Orange as to The Professional and The Bourne Identity.
A fast-paced action film that entertains without particularly engaging the viewer emotionally. It follows the formula perfectly and creates excitement when it's meant to.
The result is unbearable junk. What went wrong? Just about everything.
Heart missed, but spine tingled.
Imminently watchable, Hanna suggests a thinking-person's Kick-Ass.
Now THIS is kick-ass movie making! With snap and verve, Joe Wright has taken a traditional film genre and stood it on its ear.
The surprising thing about Hanna is that for the first hour and change, it kind of makes you like the bill of goods it's selling...
An adrenaline-packed vehicle that delivers a multi-directional sugar rush. It moves so quickly that the bells and whistles blur together.
Brilliantly executed, art-house/action mash-up. Truly unique.
[director] Wright's surreal visuals and anti-establishment attitude make Hanna a radically original action experience.
Saoirse Ronan is stunning in this pulsating chase-thriller.
[VIDEO] An abstract interpretation of the "Little Red Riding Hood" children's horror story, "Hanna" is a stylized shell.
Marking a point of departure, Wright's new thriller is flawed but as the avenging angel, or wild child, Saoirse Ronan rises above the limitations and delivers another strong performance.
This gorgeous folly doesn't lack for visual enticement, but unlike Neil Jordan's In Dreams, it's a cold-blooded sort of enticement.
Modern audiences may call this revolutionary. Let's go with 'old school.'
Director Joe Wright veers in a surprising new direction with the revenge thriller Hanna, which courses with an unflagging, forward-leaning vigor.
I'm happy to say that Wright is on his game... and he's made a really strange, lovely little arthouse action movie that delivers an emotional kick and some strong visceral thrills.
All-around genuinely thoughtful filmmaking and one heck of a performance from Saoirse Ronan resulting in a tense, funny, touching and, overall, wildly enjoyable experience.
A thrilling action movie, with its fairy tale princess updated to a contemporary superheroine. Wright's action never flags and Ronan is suburbly natural. Totally satisfying.
Joe Wright's Hanna is an exuberantly crafted chase thriller that pulses with energy from its adrenaline-pumping first minutes to its muted bang of a finish.
Wright has got plenty of moves, but they seem applied rather than organic, noticeable in their own right rather than an inevitable part of the overall fabric.


@highlight

Fantastic acting and crisply choreographed action sequences propel this unique, cool take on the revenge thriller.