In the end these shenanigans are much ado about little.
The movie is a hot mess, which at times, frankly, could be hotter. For a movie about a sex worker, the sex isn't very sexy.
Gigolo is pure Woody Allen formula and provides the right amount of gags to keep this sex comedy afloat.
While Fading Gigolo has potential, the delivery makes it a wholly frustrating watch.
Cinematic links are made among graying sideburns, autumn leaves, decaying edifices and the grown-up pleasure of a jazz score. Sadly, the film is a leaky vessel.
Fading Gigolo, John Turturro's fifth directorial effort, is a wonderful film.
Tone-deaf, ugly to look at... Fading Gigolo is one man's tribute to himself, decades too late.
In his own films, Woody tends to give the meatiest lines to his costars while he walks off with the wisecracks. Here he finds a most gracious host in Turturro, who happily focuses the spotlight on his prize casting coup.
Turturro and Allen make for a good double act in some strong scenes, but the film as a whole feels light, without too much real substance.
You wouldn't think that a comedy about a Brooklyn florist who becomes a professional gigolo could possibly be dull, especially one that holds out the prospect of a threesome involving Sharon Stone and Sofia Vergara.
Though not a Woody Allen picture, it's clear Fading Gigolo is heavily influenced by the work of its supporting actor.
In today's economy, Gigolo opens a new service option, but the movie's concept works better when played for absurdity.
... an uneven effort that contains some big laughs even as it struggles to find a consistent tone.
In synopsis, Fading Gigolo might sound a little trashy; in its execution, it's gentle and sweet.
Fading Gigolo peters out significantly in the buildup to its utterly underwhelming final stretch...
There is the odd laugh but they're too few and far between to dispel the slightly creepy sense that, thematically, we're getting a middle-aged male fantasy take on what women want.
Oy and hooray!
With a witty observational script, amusing characters and a jazzy sense of life in New York, this feels like an old-fashioned Woody Allen movie, even though Allen merely costars in it.
If you can get beyond the implausibility of Sharon Stone paying John Turturro to join her in a ménage à trois - and, frankly, I couldn't - then there are lightweight pleasures to be had amid the wry, angsty middle-aged male fantasy.
It would be misleading to suggest that the film falls into the so-bad-it's-good category. But a degree of obscure pleasure can be derived from the wrong-headedness of everything about it.
Taken as a whimsical but fiery romantic comedy, it has easily enough charm to get away with its own idiosyncrasies.
The film pokes gentle and sometimes not so gentle fun at religious ultra-orthodoxy, which won't please everyone, but does so with unfailing charm and wit.
The script rings false from the off.
The preposterousness of this plot marks Fading Gigolo as a vanity project, but it's hard to take Turturro too much to task when he hits so many other grace notes in between blowing his own horn.
It has some funny moments, mostly courtesy of a scene-stealing Allen, but it is more of a quirky character study than a conventional comedy.
It's relaxed, amusing and warm, but nothing rings true.
The premise is preposterous and many of the gags are tasteless, yet the tone is gentle, even elegiac, and the players are surprisingly sensitive.
The great John Turturro comes a-cropper in this tin-eared comedy of male sexual mores.
A story that pretends to be about sex but is actually focused on revealing the true nature of intimacy.
Only in the scenes between Fioravante and Avigal does the film find a pace of its own, becoming a story about two private people tentatively seeking connection.
Allen, oddly, is delightful - every crumpled line-reading flawlessly timed. Otherwise, the rhythm is so off that if you tried to dance to it you would turn an ankle.
It's one of Allen's best film roles in years; acting in someone else's movie, he looks liberated, with a spring in his step: at one point, he almost skips his way through a scene.
A little bit of fun, but the memory fades.
This is Woody at his kvetching worst.
It's tailor-made for Allen; not only is he as funny as he's been in years, he and Turturro make a wonderful double act, lacing a seedy-sounding script with warmth and humour.
The premise is slightly bizarre but there's enough wink-and-a-nod charm in the performances to earn it a pass.
Turturro's ensemble comedy/drama makes the unlikely, pluasible
Tale of unlikely gigolo flirts with comic humanity
Turturro's major inspiration, and the thing that makes Fading Gigolo rather special, was teaming himself with Allen. They are a screen team made in heaven.
Despite the charm of the actors in this film, and Allen's frenetic, mostly unfunny attempts at comedy, there's not a single moment in Fading Gigolo that is believable.
Like the character he plays, Turturro clearly wants his film to be adored, but Fading Gigolo's decidedly male fantasy doesn't offer enough laughs or heart to be more than a passing diversion.
If it's hard out here for a pimp, as Juicy J, DJ Paul and Frayser Boy assured us, how much harder must it be when said pimp is Woody Allen? Surprisingly, not that hard, judging from 'Fading Gigolo.'
This initially promising picture finds itself fading well before the end.
Writer/director/star John Turturro's exploration of sex, intimacy, and loneliness has knockout performances, sly insight, and a tantalizing premise going for it.
It's like a Woody Allen movie--same music, same shtick--but without the uneasy moral takeaways.
"But given that so few movies these days give any substantial screen time to talented, but supposedly "aging" character actors like (John) Turturro and Liev Schreiber, you can't help but appreciate it a little more."
Rich cast, impoverished conception.
A sweet, touching film (though a tad contrived at times) that provides some good laughs.
Seriously. No one would pay several thousand to sleep with a middle-aged guy who looks like John Turturro.
The male escort subplot turns on Fiorevante setting up a three-way with Sharon Stone and Sofia Vergara for $2,000. That's $2,000 that they're paying him!
It's not a film that will stick to your ribs to any great degree, but it is a quiet charmer, one that ends up being a pleasant enough diversion for grown-up audiences.
"Fading Gigolo" may be far from perfect, but it's near impossible to dislike.
Fading Gigolo is a fading film memory in an instant, but, for Allen devotees, cosy and snug while you suck on it.
The chemistry is just right between Allen and Turturro, who immediately register as best friends for life, and between Stone and Turturro, whose mutual awkwardness gives way to a goofy form of passion.
Quietly amiable, doesn't try too hard to impress anyone and gives a lot of relaxed pleasure ...
There are bits and pieces of a dandy film here that get choked out by a barrier of unproductive mulch.
A more accurate title for this midlife crisis black comedy would substitute "fading" with "aging."
While Allen emerges from this mash-up relatively unscathed, Turturro as an implausible male prostitute gets maimed at the intersection of comedy and drama.
The connections between African Americans, Jews and Italians could maybe be explored in a different, better movie, one that doesn't have Sharon Stone in it.
Fading Gigolo is perhaps his [John Turturro] most successful blend of offbeat humour and observational drama to date.
Each half of the plot is strange and funny in an entirely different way, but the two never mesh as a whole like they might in a novel, so the wildness of this storyline grab bag leaves the stitching far too visible.
A slight movie but enjoyable nevertheless even if its brevity hints at something that, given more time to breathe, could have been a richer, more rewarding experience.
There's no real depth to Fading Gigolo, but it is a likeable lark that has the smarts to stay on the right side of silly. Had it pushed its one-joke premise, watching it could have been a painful experience.
This movie was doomed from draft one of the script.
With its potentially unsavory premise and mixture of comic and dramatic overtones...a cinematic high-wire act that constantly threatens to slip into tastelessness but manages to keep its footing.
Turturro has said that Allen pushed him to make the film more personal and deeper, although part of what I liked is that it starts off with lightness, pushed along by a fabulous jazz and Latin score.
It's difficult not to query his [Turturro] intentions, as the 57-year-old, best known for playing eccentric or sometimes comically loopy characters for the likes of the Coen brothers, has made such a slight and increasingly unsatisfying movie.
An amusing, well-cast fractured fairy tale for adults and ode to the magic of New York City.
Fading Gigolo gets an extra star merely for showcasing the egg cream, the Brooklyn beverage that is the nectar of the gods. Shalom!
It's all fairly slight.
At times thuddingly earnest...at times, jazzily, goofily endearing...Turturro's romanticism keeps undercutting the humor before it has a chance to get satisfyingly irreverent. Call it comoedia interruptus.
As a filmmaker, Turturro evokes a sense of this community that's surprisingly nuanced and rich.
The tone swoops from touching drama to hambone commedia dell'arte without setting a foot wrong.
Here we have a genial, gentle rom-com with a difference from writer-director John Turturro.
The delusional, sleazily written Fading Gigolo, a study of loneliness that should itself have been isolated from society, left me feeling shocked and dirty.
This most unlikely premise has been handled with such aplomb by Turturro, who wrote as well as directed, that you are really charmed by the film and by everyone in it.
Apparently, only Woody Allen can make a Woody Allen movie. At least a good one.
Turturro is thoroughly sympathetic in his portrayal of everyone involved (which is not quite the same as approving), and he makes excellent use of a religious subculture that takes sex very seriously (which is not quite the same as disapproving).
A slight, minor comedy that feels like something Woody Allen might have come up with on a lazy afternoon.
Aside from Allen, "Fading Gigolo" is a rather grim movie.
Sparkling with wit, sensitive to situational humour and filled with catchy, quirky dialogues.
Its strange flavor lingers, which is why I'd recommend it to those patient enough to contemplate such an earnest, cracked project for its flagrant, fragrant failure.
In "Fading Gigolo" we romance, love, comedy (slapstick and other kinds), a terrific cast, good writing and assured direction. What's not to like?
Blithely crude in execution if not spirit, this odd-shaped romantic comedy aims for sweet, but only gets there occasionally.
Like the plans of its protagonists, the plans of the filmmakers never quite make it to fulfilment, although there is fun to be had with Stone and Vergara - if for the wrong reasons
The idea has potential and the cast that John Turturro has assembled is delicious, yet Fading Gigolo falls flat
Way, way better than a movie with its premise has any right to be.
I'm not sure I've ever seen a film that looks more like the filmmaker's midlife-crisis wish-fulfillment fantasy than this one.
The backdrop of a New York of yesteryear is nice, but it's easy to mistake being outdated for nostalgic.
Artful, insightful and at times very, very funny, much of its wry humor is due to Allen, who co-stars opposite Turturro.
The film nevertheless offers some enjoyable scenes and plenty of humorous dialogue between Turturro's florist-turned-Casanova and co-star Woody Allen's bumbling hustler.
"Fading Gigolo's" dialogue, situations and jazz soundtrack all scream Woody Allen, but it's essential sweet sexiness is all Turturro.
Manhattan's economy is forcing one florist's head down-and Woody Allen figures that head might as well land in a soft place.
Had Fading Gigolo been nothing but its romance scenes, it still would not be entirely successful, because it's strangely muted. There is a quietude to the romance that subtlety plays up the emotional stakes, but keeps us from being fully invested.
Turturro's direction owes a little something to Spike Lee, and a lot to Woody Allen.
The result translates to questionable taste in its confrontations with matters of money, lust, love, men and women. Uneasy, even queasy feelings linger.
What puts Fading Gigolo over the top is the presence of Allen, who's just the sort of earthy, fast-talking foil the moony Turturro needs.
Always a pleasure to simply stare at, but it leaves much to be desired, with Turturro endeavoring to make the screen's first comedy that intentionally avoids comedy.
It's not really a home run, but as an aging urban dweller it hit some notes both antic and plangent for me. If you're a fan of any of the cast members it might well do the same for you.
A film that has laughs, heart, romance and several other things to recommend its unconventional charms.
"Fading Gigolo" is a sweet, bracingly original, wholly entertaining film from John Turturro with a plum part for none other than Woody Allen.
Not without its charms, this modern day Don Juan tale and his complicated relations fails to live up to promise of what could have been.
Mr. Turturro's musical choices in "Fading Gigolo" tend to feel, like so much here, generically applied instead of meaningfully coaxed from some essential, lived-in truth.
Turturro has many dots that he never connects here.
This tall-tale New York comedy about a florist and a book dealer who become a prostitute and a pimp is so wispy that it's hit or miss and overlong at 90 minutes.
A slight, comical and intermittently affecting film about loneliness and desire.
"Fading Gigolo" is almost retrograde enough to be daring, but the pace is tentative, the comedy is dull ...
For all its shortcomings, "Gigolo" knows when to turn on the charm.
Woody can be annoying but never more so than here as his constant whining voice becomes as bad as fingernails across a blackboard muttering his way through while Turturro wanders around like he's in a daze.
Sex is treated with goofy solemnity [...] and credible human behavior repeatedly gets tossed aside so that people do whatever is necessary to keep the ludicrous plot in motion.
I couldn't figure out what these two movies - one larkish but trivial, the other emotionally ambitious - have to do with one another. Neither, apparently, could Turturro.
We'll take messy and interesting over neat and uninteresting any day - especially when a movie has as much heart as this.
John Turturro is a gifted and charming actor, but he has a fatal desire to be a film director and is cursed with no talent whatsoever for the job.
Resolute if somewhat off-kilter, it always keeps moving. And where else are you going to see the très adorable French pop star and actress Vanessa Paradis as a Brooklyn lice-picker?
If you've missed the fumbling Allen of Broadway Danny Rose, out of his element and only the "beard," that guy is back.
A movie as entertaining as some of Woody Allen's classics but also one with its own personality.
"Fading Gigolo" actually functions as something of a statement on Allen's persona-onscreen and off-as it has been understood in the public eye. And the resulting conclusion, like the movie, is a decidedly mixed bag.
"Fading Gigolo" has so much sweetness and amiable comic spirit that it's almost possible to overlook how ludicrous it is.
Turturro's attempt at an old school Woody Allen comedy -- mostly without the laughs.
What could have been a shallow, salacious romp ends up being a much more heartfelt endeavor about old friends, new love, and the need for human compassion.
This vulgar and outlandish locker-room tale is written, directed, and performed by John Turturro with such sincerity, relish, heart, and good humor that it almost sneaks through ...
The question of why one should actually work up any emotional investment in what happens to these people is never really answered, much less asked in the first place.
Imagine Woody Allen as a pimp and John Turturro as a stud, and then imagine that the Allen-Turturro team makes it work.
A charming, funny and oddball drama about a gentle, quiet, and sensitive florist who knows how to give women pleasure.
Some genuinely funny ideas and moments are scattered throughout what is otherwise a really disappointing effort from writer/director/actor John Turturro. Woody Allen's hilarious performance is one of very few reasons to seek it out.
One of the most shameless vanity projects I've ever seen.
This is the most confident of Turturro's directing jobs and one of his tenderest performances; at times the movie's a mess, but it goes to such special places that you don't mind.
John Turturro brings sensitivity and intelligence to a subject that could have gone terribly awry in this wryly observant dramedy.
Fading Gigolo is a charming little film that is entirely inoffensive despite its subject matter.
There are better pictures to be made out of the material but what we do get is a decent enough cinematic peck on the check.
Turturro takes full credits as the author but Allen's touch is visible throughout, whether it is in sending up Brooklyn's Hassidic community, shooting one-liners by the dozen or in the soundtrack, which seems directly inspired by his films.
If you can accept the ethnic roundelay, Fading Gigolo is, in its own Martian way, a pretty tender film about loneliness and the need for human connection.
Turturro has given Allen his biggest and best on-screen turn in years: the part was written for him and it's full of scope for aimble kvetching and nimble slapstick.
An odd, sometimes funny, other times touching, always modest look at a strange bunch of New Yorkers.

@highlight

Admittedly vulgar and ludicrous, Fading Gigolo gets a decent amount of mileage out of the entertaining chemistry between its starring duo.