A metaphysical whodunit
Egoyan employs a keen sense of mise en scene to capture an atmosphere of '50s and '60s showbiz excess that percolates beneath the story of flawed people making tragic mistakes.
It was unsatisfying in every way possible, but at least Kevin Bacon manages to give his usual good performance.
Egoyan's hypnotic new movie is a meditation on truth, identity, innocence and murder, a puzzle palace filled with locked rooms and dubious keys that stick at every turn.
The solution to the 'mystery' ... becomes anticlimactic.
As it turns out, the furor and hubbub about the ratings squabbles over Where the Truth Lies may have just been a smokescreen to cover up the film's storytelling deficiencies.
Sexy, stylish and hugely entertaining mystery drama with a sharp script, gorgeous set design and superb performances from all three leads - this is one of the best films of the year.
A delightfully seedy mystery who's joy lies only in the journey.
A sodden, humorless mess full of lifeless performances (except for Lohman, whose work is just bad), purposeless convolutions, and lethargic pacing.
An awkward marriage of smut and smarts that teases on every level but doesn't quite satisfy.
Where the Truth Lies ... is an erotic period mystery awash in intrigue unfolding against a behind-the-scenes showbiz backdrop.
Egoyan simply offers too much in terms of twists and trysts.
A mystery-inside- a-mystery that mostly just drives around in search of a nonexistent address and hits dead ends.
A piece of lurid, salacious and utterly enjoyable trash, a kissing cousin to the collected works of Kitty Kelley.
The way to appreciate the film is to sit back and enjoy it as a revolving carousel replete with character, situation and deception.
The truth is, it's terrible.
This may be Egoyan's glossiest film to date, but it is not as compelling as his earlier work
Take away the kinky sex -- the reason for no MPAA rating -- and there's even less to be interested in.
A lurid, pretentious mess with almost nothing to recommend it beyond its ability to attract cheap publicity.
This oddball wallow is both tonic and toxic, packaged in Egoyan's dishy style, so capably served by Paul Sarossy's images and Philip Barker's sleek design.
Replete with the sort of wooden acting, sleazy atmosphere and unsexy eroticism one normally associates with late-night Cinemax movies.
Every face on screen seems wrong for the part chosen.
Swipes the structure of Agatha Christie's The Mirror Crack'd and tacks on a bunch of coincidences and an ending that isn't even worth stealing.
A mesmerizing show-business Rashomon.
Alas, the melodrama is utterly unsexy, sloppy and dull.
Bacon... and Firth... have such terrific chemistry together that you'll go, 'You know, they should make a couple goofy retro Rat-Pack-y comedies together...'
It's less a whodunnit than a whocares.
Lush and jazzy, this beautifully crafted film tells its twisty noir story without flinching
The key strategic misstep should be obvious already: this is a movie that wants us to think about Jerry Lewis having sex.
While it's not without its strengths, it's really just a dime-store mystery novel that has been dressed up with tawdry sex.
While superficially engaging, ends up in retrospect seeming a very thin, and surprisingly ramshackle, contrivance.
This is a silly, ponderous piece of work, and you won't believe one word of it.
The film's twisty structure -- mirroring that of the book -- eventually grows tiresome without a strong central character to anchor it.
A fascinating ride through morally ambiguous territory to a place you've never been before.
Lurid, melodramatic, uneven and strangely magnetic.
More about vulgar shock value and vivid period re-creations than it is an absorbing or convincing crime story.
The trouble with Where the Truth Lies is that it's lousy art. Egoyan rubs our noses in behavior that he seems to think his movie is too good for.
It's filled to the brim with sex, lies, manipulation, blackmail, murder, and more sex. But even with all this sordid material to work with, it barely rises above boring.
Salacious rendering of what may or may not have been the story behind Dean and Jerry's break-up.
Where the Truth Lies is heavy-handed, bombastic, blatant, overwrought, confusing and florid. But bless its shameless heart, it's also watchable.
Where the Truth Lies might have worked if Egoyan had cast someone more credible in the central role of the reporter, but Lohman isn't believable for a minute.
The whole thing is supposed to be funny (the book, at any rate, was funny), but instead it just feels sordid.
Another director might handle the showbiz and the murder and intrigue with dispatch, but Egoyan thinks about the emotional cost to the characters, as he also did in Felicia's Journey.
Despite a few glimpses of Egoyan's trademark backbiting, double-edged wit ... there's a general sense of punch lines missed and straight men misused.
Awful finds new meaning in this monumental misfire from Atom Egoyan.
Badly cast, insanely plotted, with a bombastic score that makes the work of Max Steiner sound like a Bach cantata, the film also suffers because it has absolutely no feel for the historical periods it's set in,
The film, a pseudo noir, is compulsively watchable even as laughably over-the-top moments start piling up.
Has a soft-porn hue that sculpts its narrative into a sordid rainbow of slimy emotion.
A nicely crafted piece of work, an odd departure for Egoyan, but another step forward in the long journey toward truly showing sex in cinema.
A stylized, sin-filled film noir, the film is also a meta-narrative about show business, in which no character bothers with the pretense of seeming to be one thing.
I certainly admire its creativity and its visuals and the performances especially from Colin Firth and Kevin Bacon.
More truth than anyone's comfortable with.
...misguided and semi-sensationalistic...Truth plays more like a tension-filled tease than it does a scathing commentary on the rigors of fame and its unpredictable frivolity
Egoyan has made his Showgirls.
Slick, sordid, scandalous showbiz tale of deception and depravity.
This isn't a typical Egoyan flick, as the sex and drugs element is new and so is humor.
Buried pasts and repressed histories have long been favorite Egoyan themes, but who would have expected this intellectual to get so stymied by stardom and desire?
Nailing comedian Lanny Morris' sleazy come-ons and barely veiled air of pained regret, Bacon has rarely been better.
As unconvincing as it is unsavory.
Sex, drugs, intrigue, murder, extortion, betrayal -- it's all in there, every which way.
Egoyan's uncharacteristic bid for the mainstream flames out on many levels, but it's hard not to stare with fascination at the dying embers.
Not only is Where the Truth Lies not particularly erotic, it's not even particularly good.
Egoyan's screenplay, based on a convoluted novel by Rupert Holmes, never achieves any kind of dramatic credibility.
Even flawed Egoyan offers its own fascinations.
Sexy, tantalizing, and befuddling.
This Truth lies somewhere between a gauzy, '50s Hollywood movie and a noirish erotic thriller -- neither which are done all that well.
Far too long, drags in parts...devoid of a Hitchcockian feeling of danger. Good acting by Bacon, Firth and Lohman are diminished by Egoyan's uninspired directing.
remains elusive even - maybe especially - after the mystery is solved
Atom Egoyan's stilted film squanders an intriguing premise.
A steamy thriller about celebrities misses the mark with its lack of interesting characters.
A movie as stiff as the dead body in the bathtub.
In telling the story of a fictional comedy team, the director Atom Egoyan seems to want to deconstruct celebrity through the familiar mechanics of a murder mystery.
Beneath its glossy surface beats the heart of a genuine Egoyan film.
A brain-twisting mystery that vaults among multiple time frames and narrators.
The period production design is captivating, but only serves as a reminder that more important things were going on at the time than the careers of a few lame comics.
After his unjustly underrated Ararat it's frustrating to see Egoyan stumble and fall so far.
It's standard mystery potboiler, separated only because it over-pronounces the genre's issues of reality and identity.
The difference between a good potboiler and a bad one comes down to tone, and Egoyan chooses the wrong approach.
More superficial Rat Pack-ish razzle dazzle than gritty Raymond Chandler-esque whodunit.
An evocative and sexy murder mystery that delves deep into the debauchery of show business
Trashy, contorted and belabored.
In this relatively big-budget production, the director's main anxiety seems to be wrapping up the mystery and selling the project.
Cold and distant and sterile.
Egoyan includes a grieving mother, a painful back story and a couple of gestures of healing and recognition, but they feel like add-ons to the pulp plot.
The film jumps back and forth in time, and the narrative is too splintered.
A sexy throw-back mystery with one twist too many, Where The Truth Lies is a beautiful production with classic appeal and an edge that is as hard as nails.
Like watching an episode of Veronica Mars penned by Joe Eszterhas
It's hard to tell which negative will alienate audiences more.
Canadian filmmakers tend to expose their limitations when they mimic American pop, and Atom Egoyan is no exception
It's the stuff of grand intrigue, and Egoyan relishes it.
...never quite becomes much more than a mildly diverting period piece.
A cool change for Egoyan that doesn't necessarily work on every level, but one that offers a number of successful elements...
Despite terrific performances by Kevin Bacon and Colin Firth as an R-rated Martin & Lewis, this showbiz murder mystery can't rise above an awkwardly executed, unconvincing premise.
Cerebral art director Atom Egoyan excels at making small, personal films. But Where the Truth Lies proves again that he is not a commercial or genre director.
A sumptuous tale of show business hype and duplicity.







@highlight

The belabored noir plotting feels unbelievable, thus removing any sense of suspense. Also, Lohman is badly miscast.