Lo and Behold seems to be stoking fears that our tools are evolving beyond our capacity to control them, which offers an intriguing twist on his usual theme of the indifference of nature.
Lo and Behold makes sure to inextricably tie utopian goals to darker, more deadly possible outcomes. But the paradox is that the film is strangely inspiring even in its more alarming moments.
The joys and sorrows evoked by one of the greatest inventions of all time.
Lo and Behold, a geek flick, approaches incomprehensibility at times for the un-nerdy, but it raises good questions.
It's as if [Herzog] wants to understand how life works while harboring a deep-seated realization that it's all just a horrible mistake.
It's a reverie indeed- part dream, part nightmare-and yet again Herzog's way of looking proves to be both illuminating and entertaining.
This film is definitely one of the most interesting documentaries of the year so far.
A deeply human construction of our relationship with technology that gives a very intimate, real and palpable vision of the people behind it. [Full review in Spanish]
"We're due for a shift in the definition of what it means to be human," one scientist says; with Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World, Herzog regards that sentiment with a healthy measure of both awe and skepticism.
Rather than dig deep on one particular issue, Herzog opts for Lo and Behold to provide a broad and engaging discussion on the topic, one that should be revisited a decade from now.
In a way this a companion piece to 2010's Cave of Forgotten Dreams, with an awe attached to the idea of creation that mostly precludes discussing topics such as hacking, fake news and cyberwar.
As with many Herzog films the results are complex, endlessly fascinating, sometimes disturbing and often weird.
Werner Herzog investigates the internet in his own entertaining and idiosyncratic way.
It could have easily been turned into a Ken Burns-style mini-series, but instead the mind-blowing concepts come at you in rapid-fire succession, all wrapped in a healthy layer of the Herzog we know and love.
Our genial German director-flaneur comments on what he sees -- in a famous voice that is as even-tempered under pressure as a Western movie sheriff. It's a calm under which compassion is barely audible yet easy to sense.
No one, not even a skilled professional, asks these kinds of questions with the same distinctive slant as Werner Herzog.
An extremely professional work, anyone who is interested in learning more about technology should take the time to watch this documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
Werner Herzog's ode to the internet is both fascinating and probing.
Lo And Behold is beautifully shot, its outdoor landscapes so vibrant and verdant one can almost smell them, its indoor spaces cool and shining yet welcoming as Kubrick made them.
Even though its structure is little conventional, the film never ceases to be fascinating. [Full review in Spanish]
Lo and Behold is the most beautifully constructed and fully realized documentary I've had the pleasure of watching so far this year.
Dynamic, provocative, enthralling. The film combines irony, scientific arguments and sociological reflections that are Herzog's trademark. [Full review in Spanish]
The type of film that aims to produce in the viewer as many questions as possible rather than answer them. [Full review in Spanish]
Skips away every time it seems like it's about to delve deeply into something odd and fascinating. Feels like teases from a slew of other Herzog films.
The film jumps from the horrors of the trolls who lurk online, to the sublime visions of idealists who hope for a better future because of our increasing interconnectedness.
The talking head presentation gets a bit much if trying to comprehend it all in one sitting.
It's a mammoth undertaking, something Herzog is akin to, but his subject is a beast that can't be tamed, leaving him awe-inspired but at a loss for words.
A lesser Werner, but still worth dipping your brain into.
A cautionary film about the uncharted future for the internet -- and scientists in essence know little about how that future will roll out.
Required viewing.
It's a sporadically fascinating film that dips its toe into many different themes where perhaps it should have chosen to immerse itself in just one or two.
[It's] worth catching, but only in its final chapters -- pondering what's coming down the wires -- do you feel Herzog delving deep. What goes before is all a bit too ZOMG to provoke much in the way of serious reflection.
While Herzog is right to express concerns about the possibility of civilisation being taken over by machines, he is most worried about humanity's capacity for collective folly and the abnegation of responsibility for its very future.
He specialises in stories about impossible dreams and defying nature and for his latest film Werner Herzog turns to the most ambitious, abominable creation of them all: the internet.
Fragmented yet fascinating ...
This exploration of the birth and development of the internet is nothing if not entertaining.
As ever, Herzog leaves us as anxious and uncertain as we are thrilled.
It's Herzog's uncertainty as a tourist in the field that gives the film its enticing charge, as surely as his wanderings in the Antarctic, or gropings in the dark to find the world's oldest cave paintings.
A thorough, thoughtful piece of work from Herzog, but slightly ho-hum in its fence-sitting tendencies ...
This is an intriguing and provocative film which explores its subject from many different angles. What it lacks is a point of view.
Herzog plays intellectual explorer, notching up points of view like a kid in a cerebral candy store.
We're still in the early days of internet history, and Herzog's film serves as a document of a time in which ideas are still being forged about how to tame this ever-growing beast.
Herzog reaches parts of the web other filmmakers wouldn't think to poke in this diligent, droll docu-browse.
'Do you think the internet can dream of itself?' is the kind of gnarly enquiry Herzog puts to his experts, and their detailed answers are recorded with friendly gravitas.
It's incredibly easy to take for granted that the way we live has been so heavily informed, and dictated by a series of insanely intelligent people, as we're so consumed by actually using the internet we forget where it came from.
With this film, the director tries to amaze the viewer; strip the internet of the familiarity with which we treat it and restore its mystery. [Full review in Spanish]
Ultimately, Lo and Behold is less a documentary about technology, and more one about people. Herzog is a character who adores characters. In his hands, the Internet, vast, scary, unknowable, alien, mystifying, suddenly seems all too human.
No easy answers here, but plenty food for thought.
A bold and multidimensional documentary about the glories and the drawbacks of the Internet.
It's frequently warm and wondrous; just as frequently, it's chilly and troubling. If Herzog's work isn't an acute reflection of life itself, then nothing is.
Herzog has poetry in his approach; in his interactions with participants, even down to his perspective that never fails to be able to take the interview subjects to places that are unexpected.
As long as Herzog continues to mouth his mysterioso epiphanies, it can't be all bad.
If [Herzog's] closing image of a campfire reads a touch obvious, you can't really argue with his point, or its poetic justice.
Not worried about the Internet? You should be. Herzog is in far over his head on this one.
﻿[﻿Herzog's] commentary is the center, however provisional, of a world that has become a directionless network. His voice is the sound, still present, of human contact.
Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World is an alarum about the Internet, a prophecy about man's self-annihilating instincts as shown through interviews with awed scientists and skeptical victims of technology.
The unsparing eye feels a little more sparing than usual.
Herzog's observations, however, are steeped in optimism, an embrace of the mystic, and, even, good humor.
This documentary is one of Herzog's best; it's thoughtful yet entertaining, amusing yet heartbreaking, and sometimes simply beautiful.
One of the great, underappreciated joys of a documentary by Werner Herzog is having the opportunity simply to catch a glimpse into the workings of the man's mind.
A film worth sharing with everyone in your network.
It's fascinating, scary (so scary), interesting stuff.
Herzog's loopy, pessimistic perspective keeps things interesting and his signature narration, its Germanic consonants cracking like thunder, is in itself a thing to behold.
Herzog being Herzog, he still Herzogs up the joint, such as wondering whether the internet dreams of itself. (The answer may surprise you.)
It might ramble, but you're always willing to follow Herzog's zigzag course, even if it reaches no definitive destination.
It's increasingly possible that the meme of Werner Herzog is surpassing the man. I found myself spending much of Lo and Behold hoping Herzog would get out of the way.
The shape of things to come is a subject very dear to the hearts of the high-tech evangelists Herzog talks to, and it accounts for the pulse of freakish comedy that beats through "Lo and Behold."
Herzog's comfort with life's uncertainties allows him to crawl deep into his dread and tickle the most ferocious beasts
Herzog's format is well-organized, and his array of talking heads interesting, but they're pretty much telling us what we already know.
The Existential Pondering-ometer goes into the red zone. There will be robots.
... a provocative glimpse into technology and the power of innovation that shows both the endless benefits and the inherent dangers of constant connectivity.
The filmmaker's laid-back yet probing style and quest for getting at the human condition and effects of a digital sphere enveloping society is nothing short of infectious.
Any of its ten chapters could probably have sustained features of their own. But an overarching vision emerges anyway, even if it's one Herzog never states explicitly.
An absorbing visual treatise on technology and the internet... Documentarian Herzog explores the effect on individual lives to the interconnectedness of the planet.
Herzog breaks the internet, cracks it open to carefully examine the insides - the glorious possibilities and the devastating potential pitfalls.
Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World makes no predictions about where the internet will take us, and only offers that we must take the bad with the good.
Herzog provides no shockers. The film is less penetrating, fascinating and affecting than his movies Grizzly Man and Cave of Forgotten Dreams. Still, he's incapable of being shallow or uninteresting.
Werner Herzog brings his considerable strengths of wry humor, unbounded curiosity, taste for the morbid and gift for drama to [Lo and Behold].
The film is saved from mere competence by that Herzogian feeling, at once grandiose and self-deprecating.
Who better than a proudly idiosyncratic and restlessly sage human to ponder the sort of user experience that-for better or worse-the internet has enabled our lives to become?
It's far from all encompassing, but delightful in its playfulness. And 'The corridors here look repulsive' may be my favorite movie line of 2016.
An elegant survey of the origins of the information revolution and a shrewd analysis of how the internet has reshaped the world.
We want the rambling Werner Herzog to follow his muse into strange corners -- let lesser documentary filmmakers stick to virtues like coherence.
[A] captivating, uneven film ...
Herzog ultimately sounds optimistic about humanity's hyperlinked future, even as he highlights the many dangers on the road ahead.
Mr. Herzog's film may not be a model of organization, but I loved every meandering minute.
Just the kind of percolating, wry probe we need into this fast-moving, digitally monopolizing age.
In his new documentary about the pervasiveness of the Internet in modern society, Werner Herzog employs his familiar unfiltered treatment of subject matter.
This is a bigger mouthful than even a master like Herzog can digest.
If it had half the segments, and they were twice as long, the movie might be able to get beneath the surface and find the monomaniacal characters Herzog is often so great at exploring.
These factoids would be interesting if they were arranged in 60 Minutes segments, but with Herzog narrating and asking piercing questions, they become something more.
Obviously, this is a large and daunting subject. What's the German word for "daunt"? It appears never to have entered Herzog's vocabulary.
"Lo and Behold" may not be Herzog's most artistically ambitious film, but it's an intriguing, even important one nonetheless.
[A] chatty, mostly fascinating talkathon about the impact of the internet.
Are we doomed? Or will we conquer all? Whatever the outcome, Herzog argues that mass connectivity marks a beginning of a shift in our morals, and indeed, in what it means to be human.
Lo And Behold approaches the internet with the same mixture of wonder and dread that the director previously applied to pitiless nature, but the subject matter is inherently less cinematic.
Builds a perspective on internet usage, power, and possibility that educates and horrifies, playing into the director's filmmaking interests as he once again sets out to dissect and celebrate the wonders of the world.
Herzog films aren't really about criticism, though. They are about Herzog's sense of wonder, the existentialist angst that guides his inquiry and his ability to find unique and memorable characters in interesting situations.
If only Herzog could give this idea of full embeddedness the attention it very badly needs. But the director holds off from making the kind of visionary statement that would burn through the epical thickness of techno-chaff and touch the old questions.
This isn't a smug broadside against the global village. Much as Herzog mourns (in that voice) over the dark side, he's also smitten with the possibilities in a future we have no way of predicting.
Herzog smartly takes a broad, bird's-eye perspective of our early techno-evolution.
As revelatory as it is disconcerting.
[The film] comes off at once as both too little and too much with Herzog somewhat adrift, surrounded by a sea of overwrought zeal.
For many, "Lo and Behold" will be an interesting history lesson and look into the future of the Internet, including the colonization of Mars.
[A] fascinating but alarmist film ...
Herzog regards the online world with a mixture of wonder, humour and horror, observing that the ingenuity of people to build machines is outdone only by their capacity to misuse them.
[Herzog's] new film, Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World, is a new order of business, an awed tour of human life shaped by the internet, from a filmmaker whose passions have always sought out the primordial and pre-technological.
It's entertaining but not exactly illuminating -- the sort of essay film that's best watched with knowledgeable friends who can reframe its -stories in a less apocalyptic context.
"Lo and Behold" is everything the film promises to be, entertaining, informative, insightful, and peppered with Herzog's distinctive voice.
Both intriguing and beside the point.
Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World is just the kind of offbeat treatise you'd expect from Werner Herzog, asked to ponder the main elements of how we communicate today.
A bit of a wander, but the cinema's most curious filmmaker is the right guy to ponder the wonders of the Internet Age, and its perils.
Werner Herzog is always in search of the obsessed oddball, either a German-American inspired to become a pilot after seeing allied bombers destroying his village or now computer engineers. There is only one Werner Herzog, god bless him.
It's absolutely essential watching for anyone who wants to think about the human side-the business, the politics, the science, the art-of living in our connected world.
It offers no conclusions, routinely alternating between episodes that contrast exhilaration with exploitation and damnation.
Less a disciplined documentary than a free-form essay film about connectivity, less a comprehensive history or analysis than a casual exploration.
It might not be Herzog's most rounded documentary, but it is probably the most relevant and effective. [Full review in Spanish]
The film explores the horrors and the wonders of our current way of life.
Herzog contemplates a world were the internet becomes self aware and questions humans relation to it. [Full review in Spanish]
A rapidly entertaining ride through the rise of technology [although] certain sections might feel thematically underdeveloped.
...Herzog is more concerned with the feelings and impact of the digital age, the insight provided by conversations... Each talking head is a person, not a robot to mechanically spew out information.
Goes full Herzog into the abstract and esoteric, and that's what we love about Herzog.
Herzog's wit has an amusing way of holding his documentary together.
There's little refuting Herzog's gift as a documentarian. Even condensed, his interviews manage to squeeze fresh stories from people and technology exhaustively covered by books and media.
Herzog narrates it himself and allows his own question-asking off-camera to be part of the film's narrative, and that personal touch is why it succeeds. W
Lo and Behold is no Luddite's screed. With Herzog's signature mix of dry humor and searching interviews, he simply takes our world at face value and uses the Internet to investigate the imperfections of the people who created it.
A quizzical, spry, modestly illuminating consideration of where human beings currently stand vis-a-vis the invention that is changing the world in as-yet unimaginable ways.
These discrete "reveries of the connected world" represent the latest of Herzog's heady explorations of what it means to be human (and even post-human), rendered in his characteristically personal, decidedly analog style.
Via a coterie of charming, if sometimes awkward boffins and geeks interviewed in labs or their own garages, Herzog weaves a fantastical tale that tries to explain the online world inhabited by about 3 billion people.
Suggesting that modern cinema's most prescient work may be "Terminator," Werner Herzog's "Lo and Behold" takes a simultaneously curious, awe-struck and terrified look at the origins and future of the web and the interconnected reality it's begat.

@highlight

Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World finds Werner Herzog bringing his distinctive documentarian gifts to bear on a timely topic with typically thought-provoking results.