National Treasure: Book of Secrets is a pretty typical blockbuster sequel, focused intently on appeasing what it thinks the audience wants, and missing out on what it takes to make a truly good movie.
National Treasure: the Book of Secrets is an absurd adventure, but its absurdity is wacky and warmhearted. You have to suspend your disbelief, but so what? National Treasure: the Book of Secrets delivers on what it sets out to be: lively and
The derivative National Treasure: Book of Secrets is a smooth, lightweight action film for undemanding audiences.
A slight improvement over its agreeable forebearer...
It's like doing a puzzle a second time. It's familiar, it's redundant and it's rarely exciting.
If you can set aside the movie's countless flaws and just go to watch a stupid mindless movie, then you are good to go with this film.
Unfortunately, "National Treasure: Book of Secrets" falls under the category of been there, done that.
Absurd second installment in the Indiana Jones-for-idiots franchise...
Over-stimulating brain bubblegum guaranteed to take kids under ten straight to adrenaline heaven!
Too bad such a stellar combo cast had to get dumbed down for such inconsequential pandemonium.
Even sillier and less entertaining than the first film in this series.
If you desperately need to escape the house this holiday season, avoid this treasure and see something else.
Ultimately, Book of Secretsis an embarrassingly by-the-numbers rehash of the first National Treasure, lighter on the swirly, emotion-cuing music but still well-trafficked in ridiculous feats and worse dialogue.
The first installment was a moronic, overblown scavenger hunt masquerading as a high concept social studies lesson. The sequel is bigger, louder and, implausible as it is to believe, even more preposterous.
Keeps us entertained with the sheer spectacle of the thing, rather than anything actually interesting.
This movie isn't much different from the original "National Treasure."
The gimmicks have worn off and the performances have gone stale in this uninspired sequel to a surprisingly fun adventure film.
Less twisty than its 2004 predecessor and yet somehow more incoherent, National Treasure: Book of Secrets plays like a duplicate schematic of the first.
Uma diversão esquecível; algo que você consome, digere e elimina sem conseguir se lembrar posteriormente do que passou por sua garganta.
Just like the original, it's too caught up in its mythological zeal and furious pacing to do much for our "Indiana" jones. A capably filmed diversion that's breathlessly wired for whiplash but instantly forgettable.
Solve the P vs. NP Problem or figure out the plot of Book of Secrets.
It's never a good sign when you can figure out a movie's secret plot before the characters involved.
%u03AC%u03BC%u03C5%u03B1%u03BB%u03B1, %u03C0%u03C1%u03BF%u03C7%u03B5%u03B9%u03C1%u03BF%u03C3%u03C4%u03B7%u03BC%u03AD%u03BD%u03B1 %u03B4%u03B5%u03AF%u03B3%u03BC%u03B1%u03C4%u03B1 %u03B1%u03BA%u03AF%u03BD%u03B4%u03C5%u03BD%u03B7%u03C2 %u03B4%u03C1%u03AC%u03
I'd stop well short of calling it a cinematic treasure, but it's better than the first one, and that's worth at least a few gold doubloons in my book.
Practically a duplicate of the breezy (and bloated) original, National Treasure: Book of Secrets is not without charm, but it lacks the thrill seeker's joy of discovery.
There's some fun...but the budding franchise seems already out of steam.
A national embarrassment.
Given the emphasis on history ... [it] reminded me of a line from the Herman's Hermits tune about that jolly historical figure Henry the Eighth: "Second verse, same as the first."
Now our heroes are off to the Library of Congress, which is as close as most of this audience will ever come to a book that isn't filled with stamps.
A little sillier than the original, and a little stupider, and somehow it still manages to be shockingly enjoyable.
In a story even more far fetched than the last one, Nic Cage and company prove that enjoyable characters can make up for a lot of bad plot.
This just might be the silliest movie ever to feature three Academy Award winners.
Leave it to coproducer Jerry Bruckheimer to revive the Indiana Jones cycle without the period setting, the camp elements, or Spielberg's efficiency; director Jon Turteltaub just plods along.
Probable box-office success doesn't keep it from being a largely uninspired concoction.
There's sounder logic and more genuine sleuthing in a 'Scooby Doo' cartoon.
You get the uneasy feeling that they're making it up as they go along.
an exercise in silliness, but it's also undeniably a great deal of fun
Familiarity doesn't breed contempt here, but it's so familiar as to keep us from getting caught up in the scavenger hunt this time around.
Continuing the whodunit/where-is-it/what-does-it-mean formula, it's a fun-filled romp, chock-full-of-historical trivia.
Mirren and Voight provide much of the fun here as their characters argue about who's responsible for their divorce and longtime estrangement.
Almost unconscionably lousy sequel to 2004's equally bad Dan Brown rip-off is only made worse by its staggering waste of talent.
Monumentally silly...But viewers looking for the dumbest sort of escapism are likely to be satisfied.
You wonder how anyone involved could possibly have thought what they were doing was coherent.
The clues seem sharper this time around. Maybe they had more time to perfect the script or maybe I just got smarter in the last few years.
They say that time heals all wounds. Well, apparently it heals mediocre movies as well.
[The film is entertaining, but] the best part is a Goofy cartoon that is running ahead of it.
Book of Secrets is a perfect family or holiday movie -- one that will keep parents' attention but not terrify their kids in the process.
Since Book of Secrets doesn't take its faux-intricate story seriously, there's no reason this review should either.
Even though it's wildly unbelievable and rather hokey at times, this is total entertainment from start to finish.
The clues here are less interesting than before, and their explanations slow the film down like molasses.
The first in this series was truly idiotic, but it grossed $347 million! So Bruckheimer made virtually the same movie again and it's still dreck.
Pile on enough action set pieces (which genuinely thrill) and comic relief (which genuinely tickle), and let's all giggle together at the whole mess.
It's not like the Indiana Jones movies were exactly deep and impenetrable: so why do we need Indiana Jones for Dummies?
The whole film is nothing more than processed cinematic cheese but for once I was more than content to spread it over my popcorn cracker.
I just couldn't get past the preposterous material, behavior and developments, no matter how hard I tried to suspend my apparently ample disbelief
National Treasure: Book of Secrets, like its predecessor, would probably be a distracting piece of dumb fun if it weren't so insistent on trying to convince you that it was smart.
This sequel is what you would expect: If you liked the original, you'll probably enjoy this retread. But be warned: It bogs down in a drawn-out scene near the end.
It's too long and too loud and filled with historical disinformation.
As much as you want to applaud the movie's winking commitment to its own Looney Tunes logic, it's frustrating when lazy and illogical plot devices are used like cattle prods.
Unless you really love déjà vu experiences, there's no legitimate reason to sit through National Treasure: Book of Secrets in a theater.
It's a treasure hunt, and frankly, Book of Secrets doesn't care if the hunt is improbable.
The movie's convoluted hide-and-seek plot also demands a White House break-in that makes about as much sense as subprime mortgage rates.
This American history-themed action thriller doesn't get many points for realism, but it makes up ground in so many other areas that you probably won't care.
Is it possible to enjoy Book of Secrets? Obviously, although its lunacy requires a level of suspension of disbelief that some will be incapable of attaining.
The hyperactive sequel National Treasure: Book of Secrets sends its archaeologist hero on a globetrotting quest that might have been devised after a long night of Wikipedia surfing.
It's another flick about maps, landmarks and buried treasure that makes The Da Vinci Code look like Tolstoy.
All you can do is sit and watch, and wish there was more wonder.
The film is baffling -- the scheme that links the conspirators throughout three centuries would flummox the Illuminati -- but as a sort of vacation scrapbook of the lovely places where the cast spent last summer, it's pleasant enough.
A film that's less about academic research than it is about breaking and entering.
It's all diverting enough and holds your interest without ever getting too exciting.
An action adventure flick that careens from one preposterous plot development to another.
You will probably want to spend some time with Wikipedia after watching this film, and you may never look at famous monuments and presidential furniture in quite the same way again
Some of Book of Secrets is quite ridiculous, but in a film that plays fast and loose with history and reality, nothing is impossible.
Book of Secrets isn't just outlandish or ludicrous -- these are embraceable qualities -- but stupefying lazy.
nothing more than a series of ADD driven vignettes held together by the flimsiest of plots, helmed by the dude who made 3 Ninjas.
With just as many locales, historical landmarks and secret codes as the original, Book of Secrets is just as much implausible fun.
Tepid and predictable though the action largely is, Bartha provides intermittent comic relief and Mirren is her usual droll self.
This National Treasure sequel, like its 2004 original, is a dumb movie about smart people that uses just enough historical trivia to make you feel like you're bettered by the experience.
As long as it's galloping along, the movie's perfectly good popcorn -- in itself a rarity these days -- but eventually you get down to the burnt kernels at the bottom of the bag.
It doesn't cheat series fans but it doesn't offer many thrills or surprises or lingering puzzles, either.
As with the first movie, Book of Secrets leaps around like a choppy travel documentary.
More than content to simply toss the same exact formula into the microwave and deliver its lukewarm cinematic leftovers to an always-hungry audience.
A thumping, gabby slog.
This diminishing-returns sequel sends Nicolas Cage on another quest to strike it rich, get young auds excited about history and solve puzzles that are generally less stimulating than yesterday's Sudoku.
...an absurd story that invites you to sit back and go along for the ride.
Everything has been significantly amped up -- bigger, louder, further removed from reality -- but it also feels that much more forced. Cage and Kruger seem like they're not having much fun this time around, and Bartha still gets the best throwaway lines.
A clearinghouse for Things You Wouldn't Expect to See A-List Actors Say With a Straight Face.
Little seems to be designed to make a lasting impression, though the movie may achieve its modest goal of providing mild fun.
A nice confidence and easy energy, three Oscar winners happily chewing every piece of scenery in sight, and one great action sequence with four characters trying to maintain the balance of a swaying platform.
Helen Mirren provides adequate distraction from Justin Bartha's insufferable ad-libs. Yep, he's still comedy poison. Three years hasn't changed that.
Secrets could easily lose 20 minutes, especially once it runs out of energy toward the end. But it's fun, goofy, and fleet enough to merit a third go-round.
We've seen most -- if not all -- of this done before, and done much better, in both the first film as well as the Indiana Jones movies.
...dumb popcorn fun that dishes out more of the same for those too overwhelmed by the holiday to seek more challenging fare.
This second Jerry Bruckheimer National Treasure adventure, feebly directed by Jon Turtletaub, is no better than the first -- which means it will probably be creamed by critics and make a jillion dollars.
If someone read this script out loud on a street corner, they'd be arrested immediately. Not for being a conspiracy theorist, just for the improper distribution of garbage.
It's virtually the same movie with new locations. Oh, plus Helen Mirren. Not a bad addition, but the popcorn fun is gone.
All you want from a movie like this, really, is a little brainless fun, and it keeps holding out on you.
When you can tell the cast is having fun, it's kind of hard not to yourself.
National Treasure: Book of Secrets has the same director as National Treasure, the same writers, and nearly all of the same lead actors. This is no surprise, since it is basically the same movie.
The cinematic equivalent of the guy who runs up to a cop, grabs the cop's hat, throws it to the ground and takes a s-it on it. One is left a bit speechless.
Those who didn't appreciate the original won't find anything more in this fantasy treasure hunt. Let'm look for eggs at Easter.
It's all pretty inane if you stop to think about it, but director Joe Turteltaub works tirelessly to make sure we don't.
This is a Mouth Agape Movie, during which your mouth hangs open in astonishment at one preposterous event after another.
Let's not kid anyone here. This franchise is all about dumb fun.
If you can put all sense of realism on hold, you'll be rewarded with a moderately pleasing diversion.
It's wonderful how much real history they sandwich into this ham and cheese on wry.
The word "shambles" comes to mind.
Cage brings so much enthusiasm to the character, it's hard not to get wrapped up in the history he's geeking out over hunting.
Worth seeing if only for the locations (Paris, London, Washington, Mt. Rushmore) even if it goes downhill after the brief opening scenes from 1865.


















@highlight

A talented cast goes to waste in the improbable National Treasure: Book of Secrets , which is eerily similar to the first film.