You could definitely do worse, but that's a weak endorsement for a film that should be quickly forgotten in the coming months.
It isn't as rich in content as Ratatouille but, with Liam Neeson voicing a raccoon and lots of kid-specific silliness, it's a nice snack as nuts tend to be.
This is the cinematic equivalent of a nut with no kernel, a film with no heart.
Children under seven will enjoy the slapstick nature of the fun and the irresistible Gangnam Style end credits sequence [but] parents might question why a film of this nature needs to feature humans using guns.
This week's talking-animal toon is bad enough to cause an allergic reaction in anyone above the age of five. Everyone else is advised to take along two peanuts, one for each ear.
Small, undemanding children might find this distracting; small, tree-hopping rodents may be mortally offended.
The good name of Canadian-South Korean animated co-productions has been sullied forever.
Endless wordplay and dumb slapstick do not a rewarding animation make. Pun-ishing.
Makes as little of its furry leads as it does of its '50s setting.
The mixture of old school crime caper and Looney Tunes-style slapstick lends it a pleasant retro feel for adults even if kids might find Surly a poor relation of the acorn-obsessed squirrel Scrat in the Ice Age series.
DreamWorks' 2006 film Over the Hedge scampered through similar terrain with far slyer gags in its cheeks.
The scriptwriters don't exactly deliver an embarrassment of riches in the joke department ... Unless you're a sucker for rodent farts, in which case they come up trumps.
This is chiefly about the spectacle and the gags, which aren't frequent or original enough to compete with the likes of Pixar.
I'm not entirely sure who to blame for the muddled plot but I'm pointing a finger at the Koreans.
As a CG-rendered Psy launches into a rendition of 'Gangnam Style' you'll be rushing straight for the exit.
Pretty much everything in this South Korean co-production is slightly undercooked, lacking the same degree of sprightly wit or dramatic punch regularly found in A-list studio product.
The Nut Job feels like an archly contrived excuse to justify the groaning pun of the title.
Clichéd, contrived and needlessly convoluted, The Nut Job is a real chore.
A tired assembly of the expected celebrity voices (Liam Neeson is a despotic raccoon) and already dated pop-culture references (the end credits feature an animated version of Psy leading the cast of animals in a dance-along to 'Gangnam Style').
Weird as it may be with its dancing Korean pop star and all of its "nuts" wordplay, The Nut Job isn't a tough one to crack. Like most actual nuts, it's pretty bland.
Hints of the opposing forces at work include a curious subplot about the need for the rule of law (take that, Kim Jong-Un!) nestling uncomfortably against the fart jokes.
The whole thing looks like a video game you'd rather not play.
It has many of the genre staples in place, with talking animals and their zany fish-out-of-water antics, but little of the visual or storytelling flair that is needed to separate it from the pack.
[P]icking and choosing the worthwhile moments out of this disorganized grab bag of tones, gags, and ideas feels like picking through a cheap assortment of mixed nuts, looking for the occasional pecan among peanuts.
Standard issue in-the-bleak-midwinter animated kiddie movie.
Like many rodents, the plot runs in circles, covering over and over again the same ground...[Plus,] Psy, who parties like it's 2012.
There's often some minor animated film that gets dumped in January... This year it's The Nut Job.
Riffing on the movie's slogan, 'No nuts, no glory,' it could have been a lot nuttier.
Especially to blame is the character of Grayson, a faux-hero squirrel who makes any open-mic comic look like George Carlin.
I could rant for hours, but let's just say "The Nut Job" shouldn't be seen by people.
Not every animated film has to be a Pixar or DreamWorks spectacle of perfection.
It's January and Liam Neeson has another crappy film out.
"The Nut Job" is a movie for parents to avoid sitting through with their kids.
Disappointing animal comedy features insults, fart jokes.
The bottom line: Kids may be mildly amused by The Nut Job, but adults accompanying them won't find much to capture their interest.
The Nut Job is a delightfully goofy slapstick cartoon with a surprisingly dark heart.
Nut Job is a decent (but entirely forgettable) animated crime/caper for younger audiences.
It doesn't help that the appropriately named main character indeed is surly and unlikable throughout most of the film. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
With an obnoxious main character and little comedy, this animated comedy never really finds its footing and instead stumbles around like a drunken squirrel looking for a place to go.
It's a nice-looking film, particularly for an independent animated film, but there's just no spark there to elevate beyond something anyone over 8 years old will appreciate.
While the film isn't the worst of its kind, it might be one of the dullest of recent vintage.
Only a multilevel chase sequence involving Surly and some glowing-eyed street rats has any real kinetic excitement, and the supporting characters lack visual distinction.
[T]he movie awkwardly tries to force together two completely dissimilar extremes.
A confused, puerile "family" adventure that may make children giggle, but flushes the prospect adult engagement right down the toilet.
Undiscerning little ones in the audience might be okay with it since it's fast-paced and visually diverting, but there are so many more worthwhile, imaginative and teachable films out there for them that watching this one would be disadvantageous.
The tonal clangs that thwart "The Nut Job" are exemplified during the screwy end credits. Out of nowhere, an avatar of international pop star Psy emerges and starts dancing alongside the cast to his so-two-years-ago hit "Gangnam Style."
A tedious affair with little to offer other than a chance for your child to see a hugely forgettable romp.
"The Nut Job" features muddy-colored and often ugly animation, a plot that feels too stretched out and loaded with details to hold the attention of most children, and more flatulence jokes than anyone deserves.
When the story gets stale, the movie inserts a "nuts" pun or, worse, resorts to a gas or burp joke. It doesn't work the first time, nor the fifth.
Even these name actors don't give it the vocal punch that would make The Nut Job anything to get crazy about.
As we see so often in sub-par animation, the focus (literally) seems to be on making every hair distinct rather than in finding a visual way to move the story.
Even at 83 minutes, The Nut Job feels as long as a winter solstice night.
Fun, but ultimately not really satisfying.
Like The Italian Job but terrible.
Once Surly and Buddy case the joint, develop a plan, and deal with the inevitable surprises, The Nut Job could be any classic caper flick.
That feeling of been-there-done-that is pervasive, with many of the jokes sounding like they were ripped off from other movies.
A mediocre family entertainment that can be seen and easily forgotten.
forced and formulaic
The Nut Job features decent CG animation, especially of animals, but the writing isn't particularly clever, relying on obvious puns and slapstick humor.
Spins its wheels like rodents in a Habitrail.
Someone spent a lot of time making the architecture and production design match the era. Grandparents getting dragged to "The Nut Job" will be appreciative.
The film isn't really witty enough to make adults laugh, although it's chock full of references to 40's noir crime movies...and it's a little plot heavy for little kids, although they'll probably enjoy the adventure (and fart jokes?!).
The overall mood resembles a furry, nut-based version of Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing."
How "Gangnam Style" fits into all of this is a mystery, but that doesn't stop the filmmakers from trotting out that stale K-pop ear-bleeder twice in a move as pandering as the film's multiple fart gags.
Grotesquely wrongheaded.
Lepeniotis demonstrates deep artistic vision and a deft hand at pacing. It will be interesting to see what he does next.
"The Nut Job" fights its protagonist's own charmlessness from the first scene. Turning a dislikable leading character a little less dislikable by the end credits sets an awfully low bar for this sort of thing.
The feature flatlines quickly, desperate to do anything that might trigger a reaction out of the audience. Considered, thoughtful screenwriting has no place here.
The burnished backgrounds are pleasant to look at, but finding something to savor in the story is a tough nut to crack.
Is it worth commending a kiddie picture for being weirdly sort of trenchant about a current social debate? Only up to a point it is.
The cartoon is stuffed with exhausting visual mayhem. Some jokes land, but most kids over 10 will roll their eyes.
Relentlessly awful.
Every movie Judd Apatow ever made already assures immature bros that there's a gorgeous woman out there who is just dying to wait for him to grow the heck up. Do we really need to teach that warped lesson to 6-year-old animation fans, too?
With dull characters and a hackneyed story, The Nut Job is an animated comedy allergic to originality and excitement.
Every beat of the story is a watered-down, jokeless version of previous children's films ... The Nut Job seems designed to trick misinformed parents into plopping down money to occupy their children for just over an hour.
The small-town setting of a half-century ago is beautifully animated by director Peter Lepenotis and his team, and there are some nicely staged old-school action sequences.
If The Nut Job fails to connect through its characters it deserves praise for being a visually inspired effort, with clear homage paid to 1950s animation styles, especially Warner Bros. classics.
Surly Squirrel...garners fewer laughs over the course of 86 minutes than Scrat, the rodent from 'Ice Age,' gets in three or four.
a CG feature that has all the originality and individuality of a Dixie Cup.
A cacophony of screaming unfunny characters, sloppy plotting, and uninspired animation.
It's not Pixar or Dreamworks or Disney or Blue Sky. It's still funnier and better than any animated film released in the doldrums of January has a right to be.
''Let's not get too nutty about this,'' one character says. ''Sorry, I went a little nuts,'' says another. The movie's slogan: ''No nuts, no glory.''
Arnett is a great comedic actor, an acidic wit. But here his Surly is just a selfish jerk. If there weren't some redemption involved, this wouldn't be a by-the-numbers animated feature. But it is, and there is, and it is wholly predictable.
Good-natured and completely forgettable ...
A whimsical period setting helps this 3D animated caper escape some overly familiar trappings.
There's no personality in the design or the script, which only renders the cynical aftertaste of this convoluted one-squirrel-against the-world story all the more potent.
With few laughs, barely tolerable characters and over-the-top action, THE NUT JOB clumsily makes the transition from short to feature film.
Merely shrill and frantic, chock-full of uninspired characters and tedious wackiness.
"The Nut Job" comes up short compared with a film like "Ratatouille," which, despite its less-than-adorable rodents, won audiences over through appealing voicework and writing.
There are plenty of fairly amusing characters on offer and lots of undemanding incidental comedy that should work for kids if not adults.

@highlight

Hampered by an unlikable central character and source material stretched too thin to cover its brief running time, The Nut Job will provoke an allergic reaction in all but the least demanding moviegoers.