This atavistic Christians-vs-Moors narrative doesn't belong in the present day, and that's no doubt why so many people are addicted to it: it's so ideologically overstated that it can easily be brushed off as harmlessly quaint escapism.
The sense of closure is exquisite, but I'm not sure I'm able to forgive Peter Jackson for the three years that he has taken to put it on the screen. The wait has been excruciating.
[It[ almost needs no review. If you liked, or disliked, either of the first two films, this one offers more of the same, with the emphasis on the "more."
Viggo Mortensen's Aragorn is the good king of the title, and while the actor may look fetching in a crown and cloak, he doesn't have half of the gravitas of Sean Bean's Boromir in the first film.
Ultimately, the chief difference between this film and its two predecessors is the presence of resolution. The story ends, just like we all knew it would. And there's something inherently disappointing about that.
This is the crowning glory -- a cinematic feat that satisfies at every level.
Satisfyingly, Astin's Sam grows the most here, coming into his heroic own. His big eyes, gazing adoringly and beseechingly at the tormented Frodo, speak volumes about loyalty and bravery.
For all its mythic, metaphorical weight, The Return of the King and its two predecessors finally speak to the dignity and humanity of the smallest among us. And the best movie masterpieces have always been made of such common stuff.
The third part of Peter Jackson's monumental Lord Of The Rings trilogy fully lives up to its predecessors.
It may not beat The Two Towers for sheer spectacle and thrill, but this is still some feat.
The best part in the best movie trilogy of all time.
In Return of the King, the battle for the very survival of Middle Earth and all its fantastical creations will be fought, and unless you are a congenital buzz-kill, you will feel the urgency, terror, and sweeping import of it all.
I'm still not as blissed out by this trilogy as are hardcore fans of the J.R.R. Tolkien novels or filmgoers who revel in endless battle scenes. Still, this end chapter is as visually spectacular -- with its mythological creatures -- as movies get.
A worthy conclusion to a modern epic. Don't worry that your expectations will be too high -- Return Of The King will exceed them all.
Peter Jackson deservedly won the best director Oscar for this powerful and enchanting concluding episode to his massively ambitious adaptation of JRR Tolkien's trilogy.
The grand finale of Peter Jackson's Lord Of The Rings trilogy meets the high expectations set up by its two predecessors.
As the series grows in scope, so do the emotions. Jackson modulations of scale keep shifting between the vast and the intimate, but it's all so perfectly paced, you're gripping your chair throughout -- because it all feels so urgent.
With The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, Peter Jackson delivers a decent ending to his fantasy trilogy -- actually, about 12 endings.
The Return Of The King ultimately proves up to the series' increasingly difficult task: making movies that echo legends, making legends that reflect life, and reconciling it all with the fact that both legends and lives all eventually meet their ends.
Yes, the running time is long, and yes, those many endings in a slow, dreamy coda left me feeling spent -- better spent than I can ever remember.
The spectacle is ramped up here more than in the preceding two movies combined.
When I met the barefooted scruff [Peter Jackson] two years ago, he regretted he'd never been to Birmingham to see Tolkien's inspirations at first hand.
I discovered something beyond extravagance in The Return of the King. I found a few human realities amid the blare and ballyhoo.
An insurmountable amount of extras comes second only to New Line Home Video's stunning visual and audio transfer of Peter Jackson's exhilarating and exhausting epic.
If this wasn't quite the best movie of 2003, it was definitely the most fun to be had at the movies all year
...every bit as grand, as imposing, as jaw-droppingly awe-inspiring as anything in the first two episodes. (Extended Edition)
All hail to the King.
This is a masterpiece of filmmaking and Jackson truly deserves an Oscar.
A tale of heroes, bonded together by friendship, it's the very special friendship between hobbits Elijah Wood's Frodo and Sean Astin's Sam that touches us most of all.
A lot of it is just hacking and slashing on a mammoth scale, which is still just hacking and slashing.
This is a filmmaker in the grandest tradition of the word.
An absolutely absorbing finale which establishes the trilogy as perhaps the best mythic fable ever brought to the big screen.
Standing out amid an excellent cast is Elijah Wood, stymied by tweeness in the earlier films but here convincingly developing the character of Frodo as the embodiment of valor and self-sacrifice.
No flabber has been left ungasted by Mr Jackson's mighty battle sequences, nor no gob unsmacked.
Some story strands are crudely abbreviated; others fail to develop elements that were already well-established.
A masterful moment in cinema.
Return of the King is a worthy addition to this already legendary series, tying up any loose ends with imaginative filmmaking and an all-star cast that deserves some recognition.
Imbues its central conflicts with mythic timelessness.
A truly cinematic experience that you'll find practically impossible to forget and a more than fitting end to one of the greatest film franchises ever made.
Jackson finishes the epic with a flourish that leaves all other big screen fantasies thoroughly humbled.
Let's just get this out of the way: Return of the King was awesome.
An incurable film until such time as Peter Jackson is moved to shorten its deadening coda
He (Peter Jackson) has succeeded in topping the series for the grandest of finales.
Aucun texte ne pourra jamais transmettre efficacement en mots la qualité de cette uvre.
Peter Jackson and his team pull through once again and turn in the best film in a terrific trilogy.
If every film were this spectacular theaters and movie studios could raise ticket prices by $5 and I wouldn’t feel cheated.
By this point, Jackson has proven himself a master at wielding both a huge story line and cast, not to mention overseeing special effects that must make George Lucas take pause.
Truly awe-inspiring. If it takes a while to get going, and seems to overstay its welcome with an overlong ending, I forgive it.
When we talk about Jackson's directorial style, what exactly are we talking about? The ability to juggle a production this size is a feat, but what else does he bring to it?
[Jackson's] greatest achievement may well be that the best, most enduring moments arrive in small moments of truth...
minor quibbles aside, only the most cynical can resist being caught up in the sheer grandeur and majesty of this film
'Una obra maestra que se ha ganado un lugar como uno de los puntos más altos en la historia del cine. Gracias, señor Jackson, por habernos devuelto la capacidad de soñar'
It is precisely Jackson's pandering to fans' expectations that repeatedly drags The Return of the King to a halt.
If you liked the first two Lord of the Rings movies, you're going to really enjoy Return of the King. It's as good, if not better than the first two films.
Almost nothing in this ultimate J.R.R. Tolkien episode rings true, least of all its empty spectacle of digital effects. The sum total is Two Towers and more of babel.
It's a bittersweet finale to one gigantic masterpiece, rich with character, ambience, and exhilarating action.
Jackson's Hole
The New Zealand landscape, as ever, shovels its way into your psyche and the huge battle scenes feel as personal and fraught with tension as domestic dramas.
This brand of strenuous adaptation is some kind of achievement, for sure.
One of the most visceral theatrical experiences of all time.
Pops your eyes, excites your senses and brings you in as close as a whisper for scenes of startling emotion.
Really, the film offers an embarrassment of riches to anyone caught up in Jackson's own mad quest to portray Tolkien's universe in all its manly glory.
The resounding climax to a landmark in cinema history.
Jackson's movies are a triumph of cinematic voice, much like Tolkien's books are a triumph of literary voice.
The epic cinematic adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's literary masterwork comes to a satisfying conclusion with this third and final installment.
...achieves a resonance not frequently matched in cinema of any genre -- its boundless fraternity and hopefulness make it truly something special.
Jackson's films do linger on the battle scenes, but they're otherwise more faithful to the books than anyone could reasonably have hoped.
Not one of the 10 best films of the year, but it would be no surprise if it walks off with many major awards.
As I watched this film, an eager victim of its boundless will to astound, I found my loyal memories of the book beginning to fade.
Still a good movie, but it's weak on plot compared to its predecessor.
Eye-candy and grand events with no real substance.
... The Return of the King, is not only the best of the trilogy, but also one of the most amazing pieces of entertainment to grace the big screen.
Marred, somewhat, by overlength, occasional silliness, and cloying characters, LOTR3 is nevertheless a technical marvel... and a fitting end to a one-of-a-kind series.
Overlong, takes itself way too seriously and a case of much ado about nothing . . .
Not to be missed -- a wonderful blend of Old Hollywood-style entertainment with modern technical skills, of brain candy and food for the soul. You'll never look at epics the same way again.
Ultimately this journey has been about the endgame, and now that we're here, we get a shattering sense of all that is at stake.
Brings one word repeatedly to mind: overwhelming
In spite of the fact that the film will likely bust box office records, this reviewer is duty bound to report that it fails in almost every aspect.
If Peter Jackson doesn't win the Oscar for best director then I'm going to boycott the awards for the rest of my life.
Como parte de una trilogía mantiene el nivel de las anteriores. Pero como película individual, algo le está faltando. O más bien, sobrando. O las dos cosas...
The big-screen, big-everything adaptation of the 20th century's most powerful fantasy epic reaches a stunning finale.
The bad guys are, as usual, marked by incessant ugliness and vague non-whiteness.
É triste constatar que, a partir de agora, não mais teremos direito às nossas viagens anuais à Terra-média.
masterfully compelling...inherently grand, vibrant, inviting and whimsically overwhelming...packs an urgent sense of vitality into this third installment...purely magnetic
There's a reason these are instant classics: good core story+skillful execution+ the sense of cohesion between the 3 chapters = satsfying movies.
And if, ultimately, The Return of the King isn't quite the thrilling conclusion we were all quite hoping for, it is still very much a rousingly successful end to what may be the most accomplished and satisfying movie trilogy of all time.
Jackson and his company have set the bar so high for 21st-century filmmaking, it may be another millennium before it is surpassed.
The Return of the King delivers the same awe-inspiring visuals as Jackson's two previous films without ever coming off like it's simply 'more of the same.'
Does this mean we can now kill George Lucas?
The movie's refusal to end will likely test the patience of even the most ardent Lord of the Rings fan, and it's a shame that the series ends on such a flat note.
Jackson's virtuosity in handling the myriad challenges of such an epic production places him as the Cecil B. DeMille of the new millennium
...is not only one of the best pictures of the year - but combined with its two previous films -it is possibly the most rewarding movie events ever.
Not for the faint of heart or weak of bladder, "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" is a majestic finale.
As the capstone to one of the single greatest achievements of modern motion-picture history, The Return of the King is generally peerless.
Grandly epic in scale, yet deeply human in emotion ... a fitting capstone to one of modern cinema's greatest gambles.
This is a glorious film and I gave my entire self to it whole-heartedly without reservation.
Captures the visual grandeur and thematic complexities of the novel well, while moving gracefully from moments of the intensely personal to epic scenes of staggering enormity.
... fans shouldn't mind seeing [multiple endings] since there will be no sequels for this timeless trilogy.
The Lord of The Rings trilogy has ended, and it will be a very long time before a film is looked forward to with the same level of intense excitement, and with the knowledge that this excitement will not go unrewarded.
Although still denied the participation of their imagination, viewers this time at least get to have their hearts stirred.
One of the best movies of the decade.
A spectacular ending to cinema's greatest achievement.
Ya gotta watch.
Take earplugs, food, maybe even No-doze if you plan a last foray to Middle-earth.
It sets so many standards for filmmaking in its overwhelming epic wash that many similar attempts in the future will seem like pretenders to the throne.
Now that the ending has been presented, I am able to look back and realize just what an extraordinary filmmaking accomplishment Lord of the Rings has been.
Peter Jackson and his ... crew have outdone themselves, completing the ... trilogy with a sweeping epic filled with wondrous effects, blood-curdling battles and ... heart.
A fantastic ending to the greatest cinematic achievement of all time! YES! ALL TIME!!!
This unique series of films has reminded us that it is still possible to change the world, and that it is achieved in simple gestures of belief, love, and personal sacrifice.
Push the term 'fantasy' aside. This is one of history's greatest epics and a brilliant conclusion to history's best and most consistent trilogy.
A sight for awe-struck eyes.
'The Lord of the Rings" saga ends as it began -- with elegant simplicity and heart.
The Return of the King totally rules.
Not only has Jackson boldly and faithfully brought J.R.R. Tolkien's world to life, he's created the most epic and sweeping fantasy adventure of all time.
An uneven movie with yawns aplenty.
We may never see anything like this ever again.
Both the longest film in the series and the most confidently paced, striking an ideal balance of combat and camaraderie.
Something of a minor miracle.
The richest, fullest, and most complex of the trilogy.
a spectacular film of complex battles and breath-taking scenery
King is ... the final touch of an undeniable masterwork.
If, by some obscene injustice, this doesn't receive the Oscar it's so obviously overqualified for, it will be one of the greatest wrongs in Hollywood history.
To say that The Return of the King is this already-classic trilogy's paramount achievement is to understate things.
Ultimately, this final act belongs to the ring-bearer and his equally diminutive companions ... This is a movie of expensive visual effects and expansive battle scenes, but when it comes to truly making its mark, we have to thank all the little people.
A dreamy marriage of myth and special effects, of great literature and popcorn entertainment.
New Zealand prodigal son Peter Jackson vaults past The Matrix and second Star Wars trilogies with the final episode of his Middle Earth saga.
Endlessly spectacular
The most amazing thing about this cinematic journey, even more than the epic battles, is its overwhelming emotional sweep.
The movie truly is the most amazing visual spectacle ever seen on celluloid.
The Return of the King is the longest of the three films, but at the same time it's the most relentlessly headlong, the most eventful, the most spectacular, the richest emotionally, and most dramatically compelling.
To put it simply, Return of the King is perhaps the finest movie of its kind ever made.
Completes the picture, magnificently so, and all honour and praise are due the visionaries behind the project.
The film is big and beautiful, like a landmark cathedral you can read about ad nauseam in guide books but that still awes even the most jaded traveler in person.
A film that concludes the saga with a blissful unity and satisfaction, and sweeps us away with its nail-biting narrative flair and filmmaking verve.
The Lord of the Rings may sing the praises of kings and wizards, but it champions the courage, brotherhood and dignity of the common man (even if he is a Hobbit).
This sweeping and marvelously entertaining adventure is the work of a prodigiously gifted filmmaker operating at the very top of his creative powers.
Like the others, it's faithful to the spirit of the J.R.R. Tolkien text while exhibiting its own vibrant imagination.
The thrilling conclusion to what has become the film event of our time -- the definitive screen fantasy -- features more spellbinding moments, bigger battles, more emotion and more poetry than the terrific first two films in the trilogy.
It absolutely seals the promise that the first two films made -- to match one of the last century's most celebrated literary works with the first truly monumental film of this century.
It leaves us with precisely the same feelings of sadness and satisfaction as are evoked by J.R.R. Tolkien's original novels.
It's unquestionably the best movie about the battle for Middle-earth ever made, but it's far from the best film ever made.
Peter Jackson, you bow to no one.
Jackson has done a fine job, taking an immensely dense book and crafting a brilliant new look for a mythology that was born old.
This time around, the same jaw-dropping spectacle ... that previously was stunning is outright magnificent here, made exhilarating by the impending sense of closure.
The best thing about The Return of the King is Ian McKellen, who lends Shakespearean gravitas to his portrayal of the weary wizard.
Every bit as extraordinary as the series' first two installments.
This is Jackson's greatest achievement: his uncanny ability, using every old and new cinematic trick in the book, to translate Tolkien's words into otherworldly yet eerily familiar images.
As the final chapter of, essentially, a single 10-hour movie, it has a narrative beauty and a sublime ensemble performance that put it in a class by itself.
On the surface, The Return of the King has everything anyone would ask for in a fantasy adventure: larger-than-life heroes, vile villains, cool monsters and battles galore.
The most ambitious AND most flawed of the series.
A wonderful film, bursting at the seams with action, adventure, a staggering battle scene, and enough sad emotional scenes to milk tears from a thousand cynics.
A movie for our time, perhaps for all time, mostly a good time and definitely a long time.
An excellent conclusion and a triumph of filmmaking, this journey may be at an end -- oh boy, what a way to go.
It reminds you of the power of film like no other movie in memory.
Even the weakest of these movies is head-and-shoulders above the vast majority of films churned out these days.
I went along with the first and admired the second, but it wasn't until the third that I was swept away by the magnitude of Jackson's vision.
Confirms Jackson's reputation as a kinetic director who has made author J.R.R. Tolkien's work his own -- not as plagiarist but as a visionary.
Despite maddening liberties and narrative asymmetry, Return works well enough on its own terms of rousing, whistle-stop spectacle.
Return of the King is such a crowning achievement, such a visionary use of all the tools of special effects, such a pure spectacle, that it can be enjoyed even by those who have not seen the first two films.
I didn't know movies could get this big.
Still a pretty stirring epic and is a worthy conclusion to the saga.
ROTK would never be classified as a horror film, but it certainly is a deep-dark fantasy, and it's more scary and edge-of-the-seat than any horror movie I have seen all year.
Excellent as they may be, the first two films are really opening acts for Return of the King, which expertly knocks down all the pins set up for it.
With a sweeping narrative, mind-blowing battle sequences and gut-wrenching performances, could there be a grander finale to a classic epic? Not in this millennium.
Epic filmmaking in the achievement scales of Ben-Hur, Gone with the Wind and Lawrence of Arabia.
Each character captures our attention by plunging us so deep into this fantasy story that a restroom break is unthinkable -- even in a three-hour movie.
Is a seriously flawed piece of work that is missing that certain element called "believability." It's visual eye candy without the chocolate center.
A profound testament to the extraordinary power of moving images and sound.
In other words, it's exactly like the last picture - only bigger and louder. And there's more of it... It ain't deep, but it sure is wide.
The Return of the King is one of the finest things I've ever seen. And that includes stuff like sunrises and babies and the original, unaltered Star Wars.
The final chapter completes The Lord of the Rings series in thrilling style -- and restores faith in the idea that popular entertainment can soar to majestic heights.
There are people who understand every frame of this film. I am not one of them, but that's okay.
This is a trilogy to be treasured, and the final chapter is a fitting capstone.
Every inch the finale this saga deserves, cementing its place as one of the seminal cinematic achievements of our time.
This is a long film, not to be squeezed in, but rather planned for. Best screened on a light day. Big action, amazing visuals, but not without flaws.
Conclude[s] a trilogy of movies upon which unprecendented expectations have been placed, and [does] it smoothly, gracefully, and powerfully.
This epic dazzles the mind's eye and astonishes with its shear girth of talent held within the frames!
The final chapter has more emotion and expands on the character development, not just the action. It is a fitting end for our travelers.
The film event of the millennium.
This is the best of the three Rings movies -- more than that, it makes the others look even better.
A touching end to this magnificent series.
Not only a thrilling experience, it closes the book on a truly satisfying trilogy.
Tolkien and his representative on Earth, [Peter] Jackson, really know how to get a tale roaring down the tracks.
A spectacle of the first order.
Has energy and power, particularly in a battle scene highlighted by spectacular shots of catapulting boulders.
Insanely spectacular and never less than absorbing, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King not only fully celebrates J.R.R. Tolkien's classic literary work but fully explains Jackson's outsized obsession with bringing it to the screen.
The best-paced of the three.
The director and screenwriter brings unity to a somewhat unwieldy story and handles the spectacle scenes with flourish and coherence.
It will be a long time before we see a movie event as visually epic and emotionally gripping as these three movies have been.
Peter Jackson and his armies of actors and technicians have managed to do what the Wachowski brothers and George Lucas could not: make a perfect trilogy.
The word trilogy, which was handed such a black eye by the Matrix movies, is restored to its proper dignity with Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
The second installment was better than the first, and this one is best of all.
An enormously exciting, exquisite, even exhausting, cinematic experience. Definitely one of the 10 BEST of 2003 - and the film to beat at this year's Oscars!
As the journey comes to an end, it's hard as a movie buff to think of anything on the movie horizon that could be more exciting and well-executed than "Return of the King."
I was more impressed by the first chapters, The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers, on DVD than I was in theaters .... Back in a multiplex for No. 3, I felt blitz-bombed again.
Peter Jackson's final installment in his monumental The Lord of the Rings represents that filmmaking rarity -- a third part of a trilogy that is decisively the best of the lot.
Though it will take snobs another decade or so to admit it, here lies the end of a major landmark in film history.
Even if The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers had not preceded it, Return of the King would rank among the greatest achievements of cinema.
Like all the other installments in the saga, The Return of the King is part of a good movie, but only mediocre on its own, full of awkward pauses and redundancies.
A rich, layered tale of a king, a wizard and two little hobbits whose courage saved their world.
[The] trilogy is, by any measure, a crowning moment in cinema history ... So why is the final installment, less than awesome?
Looking at the sum of its parts, The Lord of the Rings is probably the best trilogy ever made
Take a moment to breathe a sigh of relief and satisfaction before this movie begins. It may be your last breath for the next three hours.
A magical movie in every sense of the word.
A movie that exceeds even the most formidable expectations without straying from its singular path.
This film is everything a fan could want and possibly more. For three-plus hours, it entertains, enthralls and awes.
It not only stands as fantasy filmmaking on a peak of previously unscaled proportions, it now officially takes its place in the Great Hall of Movie Mythology, the place we return to again and again to share our dreams.
Peter Jackson had truly taken me to the place J.R.R. Tolkien created.
Utterly breathtaking.
A staggering work.
Return is the equal of the magnificent opening episode, The Fellowship of the Ring.
Audiences who don't have halberds to grind and who possess rear ends of steel and a taste for declamatory heroics will find themselves rewarded.
Surpasses the extraordinary visual standards set by its predecessors.
With The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, Peter Jackson brings his epic series to a glorious finish. And in doing so, he's made the greatest movie trilogy in cinema history.
Yes, good triumphs over evil, but watching the Rings series, we don't forget that real-life war and terror are accelerating outside the theater.
This Krakatoa is at once exhausting and riveting.
These are the greatest films of our era.
A decent film, but overrated.
Le seigneur des anneaux : le retour du roi représente le joyau de la couronne de Peter Jackson.
A grand adventure with lots of fun things to look at.
Jackson does a superb job of wrapping up the saga of the battle for Middle-earth. ...you can't help but gasp at the sheer spectacle of it all.
Jackson's final entry is the best of the series, largely thanks to his pushing the boundaries of digital effects to their very limits.
The Return of the King runs for 200 minutes, and I estimate that I cried for 195 of them, give or take two, including through most of the end credits.
Operatic in scope
Jackson's vision, and his capacity for bringing it to life... are unquestionably worthy of very high praise, (but) I never got the mind-blowing 'Wow!' I'd wanted...
Jaws 3D. Alien. Matrix Revolutions. The Return of the King doesn't belong anywhere near that list of films. Return of the King delivers.
As a model for how to bring substance, authenticity and insight to the biggest of adventure yarns, this trilogy will not soon, if ever, find its equal.
King is the product of impressive craft and energy.
Combines the best moments of Fellowship and Two Towers and brings the Arthurian trilogy to a rousing, satisfying finish.
Epic filmmaking and storytelling taken to the nth degree.
A grand, richly achieved fantasy epic that exalts such previously uncool virtues as honor, loyalty, self-sacrifice and chivalry.
The jewel in the crown of the masterful trilogy.
Majestic, moving and immense, The Lord Of The Rings: The Return Of The King is about as awesome as cinema gets.
A very fine achievement, moving, involving and, to many people, even inspiring.
Amazing, stupendous, jawdropping and overwhelming.
Here, in scenes of quiet emotion, devastating violence, sweeping chaos and tranquil hope,is a profound conclusion to an unforgettable trilogy-the best American trilogy ever made.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is Peter Jackson's crowning achievement.
Jackson closes his trilogy with a movie far more humorous, good-natured and emotionally engaging than its predecessors.
Towers above its predecessors with cleaner storytelling and a more satisfying balance between terrific acting and eye-popping effects.
[Director Peter Jackson] can lay claim to one of the greatest achievements in film history.
Both profoundly moving and deeply satisfying.
A masterful conclusion to a magnificent series, the cinematic trilogy against which all others must now be judged--a trio of films of astonishing vision and accomplishment.
[M]ay well be the transcendent cinematic experience of our time...
Monumental cinema.
Peter Jackson is a god among directors.
Will undoubtedly last through the decades as one of the most ambitious and mind-blowingly successful celluloid projects ever undertaken.
An experience of epic scope and grandeur, amazing emotional power, and relentless momentum.
Virtually the same film as The Two Towers, only with a resolution.
For three hours and 20 minutes, Jackson has made fantasy become reality.
Special effects are first rate with the Gollum sequences virtually flawless.
The third part of Peter Jackson's epic trilogy delivers everything we have been led to expect: stunning battle sequences, glorious scenery, jaw-dropping special effects and wonderful performances.
So impeccably and artfully done that we can hardly breathe, immobilised by emotion, suspense, the sheer spectacle, the intimate drama.
Sometimes intoxicating, occasionally exhilarating.
An immense achievement founded on the enduring themes of loyalty, destiny, and hope.
Such a stunning achievement by Jackson that it's hard to believe that he could ever be able to surpass it even if he make a hundred more films.
Passionate and literate, detailed and expansive... it's conceived with a risk-taking flair for old-fashioned movie magic at its most precious.
McKellan and Astin are the two actors whose lifeblood pumps through this saga
'We must ride light and swift,' says King Theoden. 'Pack a man-bag, everybody,' suggests a helpful Legolas. 'Chain mail is the new black,' he adds.
Astonishing! Creates a new level of filmmaking genius.
soul-stirring perfection [with] such a rich texture and depth that it is all but impossible to take everything in with just one viewing
A masterfully entertaining final installment.
It's hard to overstate the soaring achievement of Peter Jackson and company... this film, and this trilogy, is a gift to be treasured.
Adheres to the values of its predecessors - it's brilliant, passionate filmmaking... even if it goes on far too long.
More goose-pimply epic swirl and top-notch Uruk-hai smackdowns, but there's also more of the dreamy Christian allegory that highlighted the first film.
At 210 minutes, some might wish Peter Jackson had been just a mite less enchanted by the Tolkien mythology, but I wouldn't have missed it for anything.
You could open an entire can of hyperbole over this film, and still run short of adjectives to praise its majesty.




@highlight

Visually breathtaking and emotionally powerful, The Lord of the Rings - The Return of the King is a moving and satisfying conclusion to a great trilogy.