Indicates McCarthy is willing to sacrifice her career so her husband can make bad movies.
Despite the talent of its protagonist, Life of the Party never knows what to do with the presence of McCarthy in a story devoid of an attractive conflict for the audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
No matter how outrageous the circumstances get, McCarthy always works best when her natural love and goodwill leads the way. She's a comedic mama bear at heart.
Life of the Party, at its core, is really a loving depiction of a mid-life crisis, enduring friendships and the perseverance of moms.
The latest collaboration between Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone...
It's a generic comedy that you've seen a million times...it's just not a good movie, and there are some things that work as far as comedy goes, but it's a rental as best.
The story is inconsistent from one scene to the next -sometimes from one shot to the next - with nearly every scene looking desperately improvised, falling flat, and left in for the sake of filling out the running time.
Scene after scene overstays its welcome.
Nope.
... winds up resembling its protagonist - sort of sweet and well-intentioned, but ultimately oblivious and dorky.
Its best moments are when McCarthy's innate charm, underappreciated prowess with physical comedy, and naughty-nice magnetism are put on bubbly display as her character makes up for lost time and missed opportunities.
More fun than funny, Life of the Party may be one of the weaker comedies to come from Melissa McCarthy in a leading role, but it's entertaining, pleasant and harmless enough if you've been taken by McCarthy's previous work with Ben Falcone.
The movie may be one of the nicest, most kind-hearted things I've seen in awhile.
A film that's hard to hate, and equally hard to love...McCarthy is charming, and the film quite refuses to challenge her.
"Party" ultimately fails because of the fact that no rational human being would act like any of the characters in the film.
It often feels like you are watching take 10 or 20 of a bit that lost all comic potential back at take 1 or 2.
Life of the Party is enjoyable if you're willing to look past some of the issues that stem from its need to be a happy, overly simplified comedy.
Bringing her now well-worn gauche, middle-aged, cat sweater-wearing character shtick to the sorority comedy genre doesn't exactly yield the same success as Spy or even The Boss for McCarthy.
Watching a gifted performer run out of gas creatively is never pleasant, but rarely does it make you feel like needles are being jammed into your eyes.
McCarthy doesn't try to conceal her purpose: she has won her power the hard way and she wants to use it for the greater good. That's part of what makes her the cultural icon she has become, the champion of downtrodden woman of all shapes and sizes.
There's no real friction - there's nothing for Melissa McCarthy's character to overcome... I'm not going to remember this movie because I never really had to root for the main character.
Perhaps Life of the Party shouldn't work but, overall, it does thanks to McCarthy's superb comic instincts, a mainly decent script and a strong supporting cast.
When you have to look to the supporting cast for all the best laughs, it probably means that something has gone horribly wrong with the movie.
Life of the Party isn't a slog, but given how talented McCarthy is, it's a waste of time.
Melissa McCarthy stars in Life of the Party, which uneasily tries to mix messages about female empowerment and body positivity with cliched jokes about aging.
The pat drama and the mild conflicts of "Life of the Party" leave McCarthy with little chance to shine, despite her near-constant presence onscreen.
Much of Life of the Party is trite, derivative and/or simply stupid. Yet it's nice to see McCarthy and Falcone giving this that old college try -- and almost pulling it off with honors.
...an uneven mess, but for a Melissa McCarthy vehicle it's a vast improvement over most of her previous movies.
Life of the Party doesn't live up to either of the nouns in its title.
Truly awful. Except for a slightly humorous bare two minute stretch in the middle depicting a mediation scene, one waits in vain for something, anything, to appreciate and/or entertain.
Melissa McCarthy is comedy royalty - it's a scientific fact, look it up - but even the Bridesmaids star can't keep this mom-goes-to-college fluffball from flatlining.
Floundering, forgettable, cliche-riddled mom-com. Melissa McCarthy's brassy, bawdiness needs a more experienced director, like Paul Feig.
I've gone from marveling at Melissa McCarthy's comedic sensibilities to walking into her movies with the sort of dread usually reserved for IRS audits and colonoscopies. Her latest, Life of the Party, is only slightly more pleasant than either.
You don't really expect depth from a slapstick comedy like this, but Life of the Party is sincere enough to make its developmental flaws more obvious.
A nice, homey story that mostly avoids contrived conflict and lets the characters act in surprising (but believable!) ways, all while being kind and funny.
Life of the Party avoids some easy girl-versus-girl conflict, and Maya Rudolph as Deanna's adult best friend Christine is the BFF we all need in our lives.
Melissa McCarthy wears vulnerability on her sleeve, then she rolls it up and gets to work. She's got a Jane Lunchbucket approach to comedy that ensures she makes the most of every scene, even the routine bits with bare studs and drywall.
Falcone and McCarthy seem so concerned with delivering on their audience's pratfall assumptions that they never allow McCarthy to expand her capabilities in any meaningful way.
Life of the Party suggests that the filmmakers might do well to return to comedy school for a refresher in how to avoid the kind of formula traps that tend to neuter comic potential.
This pleasant little piece of overly-familiar fluff is nonetheless moderately entertaining.
Life of the Party is proof that even the funniest actors need good material, which makes it all the more disappointing that McCarthy wrote the script with director Ben Falcone, who is also her husband.
This feel-good, back-to-school comedy won't get many extra credits, but it shows just how dependably, reliably funny Melissa McCarthy continues to be when she's "down to clown."
Life of the Party is harmless good fun. And sometimes that's enough.
It aims for the middle and hits it, which should not be an achievement, but in the dire landscape of middling studio comedies, it unquestionably does better than most.
It's nice to see McCarthy leading another comedy, but Life of the Party continues the trend that she's far better in ensemble pieces.
McCarthy and Falcone stay firmly within their comfort zone on Life of the Party, but their take on the college comedy sub-genre is good natured fun.
After suffering through the abomination named Identity Thief, I felt for sure I had seen the worst McCarthy has to offer. I was wrong.
Wildly disjointed, with a plot and tone that are all over the map and character motivations that don't make a lick of sense.
Yet, despite its predictable narration at every turn, the film serves up some genuine laugh out loud moments with McCarthy at its helm.
It is charming and fun, despite the fact that it could have been much tighter.
'Life of the Party' is obviously trying to do nothing more than make its intended audience feel good, but that comes at the cost of any genuine conflict or plot momentum.
Talented cast can't save rowdy comedy; lots of drinking.
This "Party" has some life after all.
I'm sure Melissa McCarthy loves her husband Ben Falcone very much, but the bottom line is she has to stop making movies with him.
Alas, McCarthy and Falcone skim over much of the potential, as if creating a CliffsNotes version rather than digging deep through the material for comedy gold. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Nonetheless, by following in Dangerfield's well-worn footsteps, much of what happens in Life of the Party is unsurprising. Plot developments neither amaze nor amuse if they are advertised.
The latest Melissa McCarthy star vehicle that fails to do justice to the sheer awesomeness of its leading lady.
has some sweet moments before it devolves into a series of increasingly unfunny set pieces in its last act...McCarthy, who modeled the character on her own mom, is essentially reprising the arc of her "Spy" character right down to her costuming.
Life of the Party is terribly named, because jerks like me are gonna make incorrect assumptions about what the movie's deal is, but we shouldn't, because it's just a joy
Melissa McCarthy's best since 2015's Spy. An intelligent and fun comedy, full of college craziness and lots of heart. [Full review in Spanish]
What a wasted opportunity for director Falcone, whose film fails to give the talented women in the cast something real to comedically attack. Slapdashery laughs are weightless if there is nothing of substance surrounding them.
School's in session and McCarthy is teaching a comedic master class.
Needs Rodney. Or Kinison. Or a sense of purpose beyond squandering Melissa McCarthy's talent (again).
Everybody is pretty much in this for the fun. Even the two sorority mean girls eventually come around.
Life of the Party is a good respite from the superheroes dominating the box office. Melissa McCarthy is a brilliant comedienne in her wheelhouse.
McCarthy needs a better agent.
It's plenty nice, but comedy needs some teeth. And the only teeth "Life of the Party" has are in its over-excited smile.
McCarthy's script, co-written with director / husband Ben Falcone, may be pure froth, but at least there's a positive representation of women behind the comedy.
This is a sweeter, more subversive take on Back To School , capturing campus carousing in a feminist, sex-positive, hilarious, empowering light.
Death itself.
Deanna says she is "down to clown," which is supposed to be an eye-rolling mom-ism. But it is McCarthy who is truly down to clown and we are all the better for it.
A funny and disarmingly sweet if slightly uneven comedy co-written by the star and her husband, director Ben Falcone.
While Melissa McCarthy has been funnier in ensemble comedies, a la Bridesmaids and Ghostbusters, this female-centric variation on Back to School is worth the investment.
McCarthy is crazily watchable, as always, but this lame and predictable comedy is irredeemable on multiple fronts.
[Melissa] McCarthy must have gone shopping at the film stereotype thrift store to find the character.
Do laundry. Clean the fish tank. Re-grout the bathroom. What do these things have in common? They are much better ways to spend your time than sitting through Melissa McCarthy's uninspired and forced Life of the Party.
It's a diverting vehicle for a solid comedy star, and if you feel like it might be for you, you probably won't be disappointed.
The complete lack of conflict overshadows even the cringeworthy attempts at physical comedy. Where's the story in a woman who positively sails through her midlife crisis? The endearing McCarthy deserves so much better.
'Life of the Party' is an entertaining, though formulaic, effort that, despite all the clichés it throws at you, continues to draw you in.
McCarthy is genuinely great at finding the honest moments in Deanna's personal evolution, which aren't always the ones you might expect. Full velocity.
Life of the Party is an entertaining and uproarious film which highlights the talent and comic genius that is Melissa McCarthy.
If the summer film season is a monthslong shindig, then Life of the Party is the turd in the punchbowl.
There is a genuine level of sweetness among these characters due to the undeniable chemistry that exists between each of these actresses.
"Life of the Party" indulges our collective hope that mistakes can be mended, we're never too old for redemption and, given the chance, we could still slay in a frat house dance-off if the DJ played the right song.
Once Life of the Party accepts itself as something broad and silly, it goes down a lot easier for everybody.
The sweet comedy has its heart in the right place. But Melissa McCarthy's fans know she is better than an extended sitcom that plays like a rerun.
Just as you're about to write it one off as another of McCarthy's woefully unfunny collaborations ("Tammy," "The Boss") with her husband-director, Ben Falcone, something shocking happens: You're actually laughing.
When the comedy does work, it's almost exclusively because of McCarthy.
Relegating McCarthy to the role of the comedic "straight man" is yet another odd career choice.
Everyone's acting in different keys, sometimes in different movies, but whatever: I'll take Maya Rudolph and Gillian Jacobs in just about anything.
How strange. McCarthy is hilarious in every movie she's in, except in the ones that she and her husband create for her.
I'm pretty sure you have better things to do.
Modern masterpiece? No. But if you're too much of a snob to waste your time on lowbrow comedy like this, it's your loss entirely.
Here, McCarthy commits to a character while the rest of the movie tries on silly disguises.
Weak writing and halfhearted jokes run what could have been a hit for a talented star.
[A] thoroughly vanilla comedy, a movie jammed with well-meaning girl power messages but surprisingly little edge.
McCarthy is always the life of the party, but this film is something of a drag.
Luke Benward, I believed you. You were terrific, sincere, sexually obsessed with, and in love with, Melissa McCarthy.
McCarthy once again teams up with her director/actor husband, Ben Falcone, for what is far and away their most successful film as a pair, although to be fair the bar is so low that any application would have been accepted.
As a comedy, it gets in enough laughs. As an analysis of the boxes we put maternal figures into, it's refreshing, if not sometimes disappointingly safe. As a celebration of female relationships, it's a winner.
There's a sense throughout of anticlimactic scenes, empty air and missed opportunities. The result is tepid, tittering laughter rather than gut-busting hilarity.
It is curious to see a comedy so timid, so reluctant to risk hurt feelings or complicated situations.
If the sparkling arc from sad acoustic guitars to Christina Aguilera anthems has any serious intention, McCarthy and Falcone want to salute the wonders women can accomplish when they band together.
McCarthy sails through this movie with winning confidence and considerable charm in a relatively unchallenging role built around her comedic strong suits.
A gender swap innovates new material out of a traditional genre. Deanna [McCarthy] has all the rowdy college sex, but with a young boy toy (Luke Benward)... It's age empowering, body positive and he gets to do the funny fawning all over the cool girl.
Falcone clearly adores his wife but thinks just turning on the camera is all his genius, wind-up spouse needs.
A tame, mostly unfunny updating of BACK TO SCHOOL.
McCarthy is working her butt off to make these bits work, and you appreciate her for it, but most everything in 'Life Of The Party' is just so broad and shticky that there isn't much to hold onto.
Novelty and Melissa McCarthy's comedic chops only carry Life of the Party to midterms, and it soon becomes apparent that it's a star vehicle without any engine.
Struggles to make good on the title, but its slapdash mixture of frantic farce and gooey sentiment proves another McCarthy misfire.
Life of the Party is a charming and generally painless way to spend two hours.
Bland and predictable.
The college comedy is a frequent rite of passage for actors, from Rodney Dangerfield to Ryan Reynolds, with some some honest-to-goodness classics in those hallowed halls. But not so much Melissa McCarthy's hopelessly derivative entry into the canon.
McCarthy and Falcone are clearly in love, and it's nice they like to do things together, but does it have to be movies?
McCarthy remains the life of the party, but this is not a party you'll want to attend.
Physical comedy and accidental drug-taking are all well and good, but at this point, they're modern staples of the genre that Life of the Party does little to reinvent.
One hundred minutes of self-indulgence and tedium, even if it's well-meaning in its intentions.
Entertains and inspires while serving up a fairly consistent number of laughs. Is it too hyperbolic to anoint Melissa McCarthy a national treasure?
It all feels like an easy layup for bellylaughs, but "Life of the Party" only gets to occasional giggles, once again wasting the star on frustrating mediocrity.
Since Life of the Party shows little interest in investigating the satiric possibilities of the two-decade cultural gap in play, or a weirdly one-sided May-December romance, the movie wafts into disposable irrelevance long before the credits roll.
As McCarthy's chipper character might say, darned if "Life of the Party" isn't kind of adorable.
It's a movie devoid of storytelling momentum, conflict and, worst of all, much in the way of laughs.
Life Of The Party is so predictable and cliched that it becomes boring, and it's more the shame that McCarthy can't get this party started.

@highlight

Life of the Party 's good-natured humor and abundance of onscreen talent aren't enough to make up for jumbled direction and a script that misses far more often than it hits.