The film stops short of being something truly memorable but has just the right amount of witty turns, deft plot twists, funny situations and interesting characters.
No matter what your favourite is of films based on Elmore Leonard books (and I'm for Out of Sight ahead of Jackie Brown), this crime comedy will deliver a surprise.
Schechter's staging is so flat that Leonard's dialogue never pops. You hear the words but not the music.
Perhaps Schechter should have started with a prequel to Death Proof and worked his way up from there.
An abiding insignificance looms over the film, but it's a fun 98 minutes.
Though a decidedly down-market adaptation of the great Elmore Leonard crime novel Switch, Life of Crime is never down-and-out.
It's good, solid Leonard, which, for me at least, is a cosy, comfortable, and extremely fun place to be for ninety-eight minutes.
Fun, throwaway, time-killing crime comedy romp.
Despite sudden, and uncomfortable, tone shifts and a confusing plot twist, the film is anchored by strong performances from its cast, particularly Aniston.
The script is a nice mixture of suspense and black comic bumbling about.
Schechter's adaptation feels more cautiously reverent than inspired, denying Life of Crime of snap, style, and, most importantly, a sense of danger.
Appealing enough to pass, with Schechter locating a casual rhythm to a pressurized situation, relying on the writer's way with characters and twists to feed into well-acted adventures with criminals and the hostages who love them.
The meagre charms of the first act are soon squandered as this descends into straight-to-video stodge, progressing inexorably to a depressing climax. The book was better.
This is a droll and well-observed comedy thriller that recreates the 1970s in convincing fashion while retaining enough of a sense of menace to avoid ever drifting off into whimsy.
Schechter works hard at making the picture look like a genuine 1970s artefact, only to end up repeating David O Russell's American Hustle and Tarantino (again).
A likeable, if predictable, black comedy that feels like a Tarantino movie made by well-meaning committee.
Low-key black comedy and sporadic horror lazily pop up among the crime drama, but never enough of either to score many zings.
A darkly amusing tale begins promisingly but runs out of wit and energy long before the closing credits.
In short, Life of Crime is guilty of making me want to dig out my copy of Jackie Brown.
Missing the punchy plotting of the Coens thriller it resembles, the early chuckles don't quite translate into a satisfying whole.
Daniel Schechter ain't no Tarantino. He ain't even no Barry Sonnenfeld.
Although the plot itself is nothing special, this kidnapping comedy keeps the audience entertained by filling every scene with outrageous characters and twisty interaction.
If you're in the market for a workaday crime story, Schechter's film fulfils some of its obligations. You might just wish it had more life.
Life of Crime isn't spectacular or groundbreaking, but it does Leonard's lean prose justice.
The twists lean towards the glib, but any time in Leonard's world is rarely time wasted - especially now he's no longer around to share it with us.
Life of Crime is strong on character and swagger, but hampered by a frustratingly slight plot and a general lack of suspense.
An amiable diversion, though not a terribly memorable one. Elmore Leonard aficionados longing for a truly worthy sendoff of the master crime writer will have to look ahead toward the upcoming final season of Justified, and cross their fingers.
Slackly paced, modestly amusing noir...
To put it more plainly, it's more of a little misdemeanor than a big crime, but it gets the job done.
Elmore Leonard and Jennifer Aniston don't sound like they were made for each other, but this very well cast, kooky crime caper is a nice late summer surprise.
It doesn't quite transcend its own haphazard, impoverished story.
...not as stylish or energy-charged as "Get Shorty" and "Out of Sight," but it is a great deal of fun.
Thanks to Leonard's source material and the outstanding cast, it works.
While Schechter takes the hairpin plot-turns more cautiously than more flamboyant and better-known directors might, at least Bey and especially the humble genius Hawkes get to make this movie very much their own.
Unlike Elmore Leonard's book, it never snaps to life.
Well worth seeing, particularly for Leonard people.
All this is more amusing in theory than practice, partly because Leonard's world of wiseguys and slapstick violence has become so familiar - the caper-movie default mode.
There's a lot of talent up on screen put to no grand use.
Life of Crime is like an errant golf putt that appears headed for the hole, but just keeps rolling and rolling, all the way off the green. In other words, just missed . . . by a mile.
A loose, cynical kidnapping caper set, literally and emotionally, in the `70s - right down to its main-title typography - it's a small treat.
A spunky character-driven caper flick based on a 1978 book by the late Elmore Leonard.
The A-list cast is adept at capturing the constant ambiguity, and they successfully keep us guessing about the outcome.
There's a pronounced lack of tension in this feature by director Daniel Schechter, who has to deal with a storyline that is, unfortunately, not Mr. Leonard's strongest.
As a late-summer caper movie, it hits the spot.
"Life of Crime" has the authentic Leonard snap, crackle and pop.
The cast does capable work, but you'll wish the movie concentrated more on the comedy, which has some zing, rather than the straighter elements, which quickly start to drag.
[Bey] steals every scene he's in. Unfortunately, in a film this pallid, that amounts to petty theft.
Schechter's done a great job corralling the country clubs, Cadillacs, Colonials, Caribbean condos and costumes of the 1970s but its his cast that really makes his adaptation sing.
"Life of Crime" may have a hard-boiled title, but this comedic thriller provides rather innocent amusement.
"Life of Crime" feels like a rambling car ride through the countryside with friends. The scenery is great, and the passengers are diverting, but you keep wondering where the driver is headed.
Despite its sluggish intervals, "Life of Crime" satisfies in the end, just when you fear it'll peter out.
There have been good Elmore Leonard adaptations and bad ones. But this interpretation of his 1978 novel The Switch may be the worst of the bunch.
Down to its too-crisp rubber Nixon masks, Daniel Schechter's film revels in obnoxiously self-aware period detail.
Mostly, it's fine. The acting is fine. The writing is fine. The story is fine. There are a few laughs.
"Life of Crime" is well-made and -acted, especially by Hawkes and Fisher, if it's not exactly gripping or noir-ish.
This cast is capable of better work, and feels wasted on this dud of a script.
It's funnier than it often lets on, and also more dangerous than it can seem, so when comedy and violence do break they hit all the harder.
A brisk combination of bloodshed and pratfalls.
This Elmore Leonard adaptation doesn't inspire ardor, but it certainly boasts above-average intelligence and a streak of knowing unpredictability that make the dark comedy a pleasurable morsel of escapism.
I found "Life of Crime" pretty doggone funny, but the humor is understated and undercut with notes of brutality and nihilism.
A pitch-perfect adaptation of an Elmore Leonard novel, Life of Crime captures the author's trademark mix of simmering tension and black comedy.
Director Daniel Schechter ("Supporting Characters") moves the plot along in a loose, unhurried manner, letting the cast enjoy Leonard's delicious dialogue.
Schechter based "Life of Crime" on Elmore Leonard's novel "The Switch." And though the movie is not a disaster, his unfocused effort does sit pretty low on the list of Leonard adaptations.
Nothing about Life of Crime is going to linger in memory, save the unassuming way Leonard devoted himself to character and story mechanics. If this diversion works for you, you owe yourself a book or two.
There's nothing especially off about Life Of Crime , which is mostly well-cast and competently orchestrated, but nothing that makes much impression, either.
Not great Elmore Leonard, but not bad. Even with Jennifer Aniston starring.
Easily the best Leonard adaptation since Out of Sight
A promising cast, a zany concept and a lead eager to cast off her type-cast shackles don't add up to much in Life of Crime, as it ultimately turns out to be a caper-farce that's chronically short of panache.
...bland and hopelessly forgettable...
This cast is pretty much note perfect.
As in many Leonard narratives, the plot is largely just an excuse to put these big talkers in a room or on a telephone line together.
A fitting memorial to Elmore Leonard, "Life of Crime" reps one of the most faithful of the many adaptations of the author's work.
An Elmore Leonard adaptation with less snap-and-crackle than usual, Daniel Schechter's Life of Crime starts promisingly and ends with a smile but underwhelms in between.
It's an appropriate ode to the appeal of Leonard's work in the immediate aftermath of his death earlier this year.
This is an unexpectedly winning take from one of the less splashy directors to have attempted Leonard.

@highlight

It may not stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the best Elmore Leonard adaptations, but Life of Crime has enough ambling charm -- and a sharp enough cast -- to get by.