There's nothing fresh in Sandler's role that you haven't seen in almost every movie he's ever done -- the same mumbly, underachiever-schlub notes he's been hitting for years, only taken down a notch for his first PG-rated comedy.
A family-friendly Adam Sandler movie that, even with its strained plot developments, is tame without being lame.
If you are forced to attend, then at least Bedtime Stories is tolerable, and occasionally fun -- when it forgets to be dumb.
...ultimately comes off as the most entertaining Adam Sandler comedy to hit theaters since 2004's 50 First Dates...
Enjoyable, silly and a wee bit whimsical. It's also treacherously predictable at times, the two leads lack chemistry and it has the token horrible Rob Schneider cameo.
The real charm of Bedtime Stories is how it works as a family film.
Given that Sandler's main appeal has always been to the 12-year-old in all of us, it probably makes sense for him to aim his movies directly at that age group.
A big step backward for director Adam Shankman ('Hairspray').
Bedtime Stories lacks the required thrills, imagination, comedy and drama required to be a truly entertaining family film.
Guy Pearce abraça o embaraço com toda a vontade, mas nem isso salva esta porcaria constrangedoramente mal escrita, atuada e dirigida do fracasso. Um filme de Adam Sandler para crianças: alguém alerte a UNICEF.
A potentially interesting movie that comes crashing down as hard as that proverbial beanstalk.
I've seen better special effects in Troma releases...
Far from another Jumanji, any magic director Shankman tries to inject is squashed by Sandler's distressingly annoying turn, while Russell Brand and Keri Russell look uncomfortably crowbarred in.
It descends into pathos, undermined by an insipid romantic subplot and the usual platitudinous guff about self-belief.
Appalling, hypocritical and dull. Imagine not watching this movie, then make that wish come true.
It's a pleasing concept, and Sandler is at his least obnoxious, but surely Adam Shankman's family comedy could have been wittier.
There's a surface liveliness to the movie, but it has that plasticky Disney quality and lack of real heart.
With the right material - think the day-glo campery of Hairspray - director Adam Shankman is capable of good things. Here you get the distinct impression there's not enough room to accommodate Sandler's ego.
An enormous amount of money has been thrown at the fantasy sequences, but it can't save a script that is woefully deficient in wit. And who better to drag the name of Disney through the mire than Sandler?
This sweet-natured family comedy makes for great entertainment, balancing adventure thrills with a hefty dose of laughter.
The moments of imagination are great for children.
In Bedtime Stories Adam Sandler gives his most bearable performance yet.
Dreams really do come true in this family comedy but, as usual, there's a price to pay. For the audience, that price is watching Adam Sandler.
A fun idea turns into a so-so comedy thanks to an unappealing hero and variable performances from the well-known cast.
Sandler tames his jokes for family-friendly fantasy flick.
It's a little odd that making a film for children has almost made Adam Sandler grow up.
Part live action, part animation, Bedtime Stories is relentlessly silly, kept buoyant by Sandler's zany cheer.
The very definition of a disposable, kid-quieting fluff, done in a predictably Sandler way (read: watch out for Rob Schneider's umpteenth variation on the 'You can do it!' schtick).
Everyone knows Sandler can be grossly funny; this movie proves he can be family friendly funny
Adam Sandler tones down his normally racy humor effectively, but the lightweight story is a one-note sidestep.
The twitchy anxiety that once powered his persona has given way to a doughy anonymity.
Russell Brand is absurd, funny and wonderfully out of place in a family movie. And hello: crazy pop-eyed animated guinea pig alert!
After sitting through this fractious fairy tale, we feel as plucked as a Christmas goose.
An innocuous but haphazard family comedy that seems less crafted for children than dreamed up by a team of them.
For a creative premise, it's downright dispiriting to see such a banal interpretation.
That Skeeter benefits from what he does for his niece and nephew is an object lesson in responsibility and benevolence -- and it blesses the audience, too.
It's a delightfully innocent movie that the actor can actually show to his two baby daughters without blushing.
Despite its flaws, Bedtime Stories has the charming, giggly spirit of an imaginative toddler.
Continuing on this trajectory, the much-maligned funnyman probably will create yet another generation of fans. And maybe even another generation of haters.
Leading man Sandler has done street-smart goofball a million times over, but the guy also knows how to play emotion.
Richard Griffiths best gets the antic spirit of this enterprise, relishing his multiple roles as Sandler's phobic boss and several fantasy characters.
I didn't like one part of this movie.
It's a sweet kids movie and I commend Sandler for trying something different in his career.
Sandler's laziness, sloppiness, and cynical pandering are all over Bedtime Stories, and it turns what's intended to be a graceful intersection of fairytale whimsy and real-world slapstick into an ugly, head-on collision.
If you listen carefully to the strains of 'When You Wish Upon a Star' during the Disney corporate intro, you may hear Walt moaning in his grave.
For prepubescent kids, Bedtime Stories will be a perfectly enjoyable work -- a PG-rated introduction to a heralded comic actor trying to inspire a new generation of Adam Sandler fans.
A great idea gets lost amid unfunny, obnoxious antics and more mugging than in 1970s New York in this ham-fisted children's comedy from Adam Sandler.
It's pleasant and won't ruffle the nerves of any stressed-out parents.
Sandler's innocence about what goes on in the real world is sort of charming, and so is his willingness to make mainstream comedies that are slightly offbeat
It's no wonder when Sandler vows, "I'm like the stink of your feet. I'll always be around," you just might cringe and shout, "Where's Dr. Scholl?"
You can put the Disney name on it. You can hire big-time, serious stars for it. You can call it 'family-friendly.' But 'Bedtime Stories' still is garbage, a la Adam Sandler.
Boasts a great idea about bedtime stories that come to life the next day, so it's a shame this film fails to be enjoyable for all age groups.
An imaginative idea that's never fully developed.
All director Adam Shankman can think of to do is encourage Adam Sandler to mug like a chimpanzee
About as delightful as peeking into your Christmas stocking and finding it empty except for a few lint-covered peppermints.
In Bedtime Stories the pain of this artistic limbo is written all over Adam Sandler's character, a resentful hotel handyman named Skeeter.
The script for this childish comedy is genuinely witty, and nicely played by the cast, but it would have been much more enjoyable if the plot had been a bit more innovative. Or if it actually went somewhere.
I was so exhausted by Sandler's rubbery-face-and-funny-voices schtick, that no amount of good-natured moralizing about the importance of family and love was going to have any effect on me.
At least he's not flinging vomit at anybody...
Bedtime Stories just makes me wish I'd put the hour and a half of mine it wasted to better use napping.
Parental Content Review
Once upon a time there was a movie studio that tried to make a hit with a guy best known for raunchy slacker comedies. This story does not turn out happily ever after.
Kids will have the best time, because the comedy is geared toward them and they won't remember the Sandler who wouldn't sleepwalk through roles.
The film does have some nice moments, but the plot is underdeveloped and overstuffed. Bedtime Stories is not nearly as funny or magical as it could have—and should have—been.
As family fare goes...distinctly middle-grade. It won't put you to sleep, but it's not likely to enchant you either.
Bedtime Stories isn't meant for us (adults). You know you're not the target audience if, when it starts raining gum balls, you don't think about eating them. You think about whether or not they would dent your car.
There is one big Sandler moment, when he discovers how to use a sandwich to brush his teeth. But I'll pass on the Cinderfella part, where instead of shoes, he promises to stick around 'like the stink on your feet.' Nose clips, please.
Bedtime Stories tries to be charming and whimsical, but while charm and whimsy, like love, can be helped by great sums of money, charm and whimsy, like love, cannot be created by great sums of money.
When it comes to holiday tales, it would be best to reread The Night Before Christmas rather than waste time or money on Bedtime Stories.
Judged as a piece of family entertainment, it's too haphazard and poorly paced to satisfy viewers too young to have ever attended a kegger.
Adam Shankman's holiday adventure has a big central concept and next to no desire to follow through on reasonably--much less fully--exploiting it.
Sandler, it turns out, is great with kids.
Sloppy, choppy, and saved by an affably low-key and typically sophomoric Sandler performance.
A likable but thin Disney vehicle for Adam Sandler that will play best for preteens.
Those other Adam Sandler comedies? Turns out they were the grown-up efforts.
Bedtime Stories champions imagination while having too little originality itself.
It's Little Nicky-awful.
The new Disney movie Bedtime Stories presents a taste test for moviegoers: Do you prefer your Adam Sandler regular strength or in the new mild format?
It's a dispirited, galumphing mess in which Sandler, as a hotel handyman who spins out tall tales for his niece and nephew, pictures himself in assorted historical-kitsch guises.
Bedtime Stories is not my cup of tea. Even the saucer. Fairness requires me to report, however, that it may appeal to, as they say, 'kids of all ages.'
Bedtime Stories is baloney on Wonder Bread with a Kraft Single and some Miracle Whip -- barely lunchable.
The novelization of the screenplay probably would make a pretty decent bedtime story.
Bedtime Stories is clean enough to fly the Walt Disney Pictures flag, yet it's full of bimbos and cleavage and shots of Adam Sandler getting kicked in the shins by a dwarf.
For parents who aren't Sandler fans, Bedtime Stories may seem like just another dumb comedy that their kids will drag them to over the holidays.
It takes two bad genres -- live-action Disney dreck and lowest-common-denominator Sandler humor -- and blends them into one unfunny mess.
Adam Shankman's idea of directing a Walt Disney film is to pump toxic quantities of schmaltz into every available hole. Not a pleasant sight.
Bedtime Stories is like watching a Michel Gondry movie rewritten and directed by Uwe Boll.
Sandler's mischievous heart just doesn't belong in a straight-up kid zone like Bedtime Stories, especially one with a script that doesn't elevate beyond the expected.
Box-office commodity Adam Sandler is repositioned as kid-friendly in Bedtime Stories, a Disney movie that plays better on a balance sheet than a screen.
Once upon a time-passer.
Bedtime Stories isn't Sandler's best movie, nor is it his worst; it's just perfectly harmless fun that the kids will probably love just a little bit more than their parents.
[C]heap and lazy and obvious...
While kids will get a few giggles out of this scattershot Disney fantasy-comedy, adults probably won't find much to laugh at.
Harmless, sure -- but also needless.
In a modern-day fairy tale about hopes, aspirations and family, Sandler displays a winning form under the light and mischievous direction of Bringing Down the House's Adam Shankman.
The shortage of wit and the excess of goo can be summed up in Sandler's line to these children of divorce: 'I'm like the stink on your feet -- I'll always be there.'
Director Adam Shankman (Hairspray) keeps the colorful proceedings moving along at a brisk pace and the film looks good overall despite the less-than-impressive Visual effects.
Sandler has delivered on his promise to make a movie his kids can enjoy. What's more, he's managed to do so without alienating his core audience.
There may once have been a charming idea at the heart of Bedtime Stories, but alas, whatever it might have been has been Sandler-ized. And not for your protection.
The message here is that your future is only as big as your dream, but I'm not rooting for Sandler on his road to redemption.
If you like Adam Sandler's loud and bawdy style (or lack of it), you will warm to this lively and undemanding fable that reminds us we are limited only by our imagination








@highlight

Though it may earns some chuckles from pre-teens, this kid-friendly Adam Sandler comedy is uneven, poorly paced, and lacks the requisite whimsy to truly work.