On the whole, this is a fascinating example of apparently fly-on-the-wall film-making, made all the more intriguing when you discover it was all planned like a military exercise.
Pretension is kept at bay by the fact that whenever someone is holding court, the others in the scene barely seem to be listening.
Linklater is very aware that his film doesn't have a linear narrative and the movie is structured with that knowledge, as well as for a variety in tone and theme.
[VIDEO ESSAY] "Slacker" is a hallmark of American independent cinema because it is so thoroughly original in its concepts and execution.
The indie film has a fresh feel.
A charming ensemble piece, that may be the ultimate campus comedy, about media-fixated, affectless youngsters who became spokepersons for Generation X
An exercise in meandering self-importance.
A brilliant film that plays like a chain of linked short short stories.
A landscape-changing film for what it represents, as well as for what it contains.
A landmark by an American master
Slacker is populated by new-age beatniks with neither fashion nor poetry, populating a culture that's distinguished by its lack of culture.
A key independent film of the early 90s.
Linklater proved from the start that he knew his way around a camera and could tell an interesting tale in 60 seconds, too
Interesting for about 45 minutes, and increasingly tiresome thereafter.
An innovative film with its many zany portraits of dropouts from the world of work and adult responsibility
History may be written by the winners, but Slackers tells the story of life's lovable losers
Slacker wasn't really interesting enough to think all that much about.
What Linklater has captured is a generation of bristling minds unable to turn their thoughts into action.
A movie with an appeal almost impossible to describe.
This is a work of scatterbrained originality, funny, unexpected and ceaselessly engaging.
The experience is funny, surreal and weird. Sometimes it's even scary.
There are some interesting people here, but they seem outnumbered by those that are extremely dull.














@highlight

Slacker rests its shiftless thumb on the pulse of a generation with fresh filmmaking that captures the tenor of its time while establishing a benchmark for 1990s indie cinema.