If only the whole thing weren't so pretty.
Mechanical through and through.
Has the moral overtones of an EM Forster story, but is curiously lacking in emotional force.
While not without its merits (the performances of Jennifer Ehle and Rahul Bose are particular highlights), Before the Rains ultimately suffers from a downpour of melodrama.
The film certainly looks beautiful as it captures the lush beauty of its mountainous, green Indian landscape, but acclaimed cinematographer turned director Santosh Sivan is only partially successful when it comes to the storytelling
Exquisitely photographed but emotionally overwrought and ultimately tedious.
Here is a movie that the late Ismail Merchant would have been happy to have under the Merchant-Ivory banner. James Ivory is very much alive and working, and one assumes he approves as well.
An unremarkable story beautifully told, and should appeal to the legion of Merchant Ivory fans out there.
It's definitely good, definitely a little bit boring.
One of the most ravishing and breathtakingly beautiful films to come around in a long time.
...fails to deliver on the potentially intriguing premise of an interracial romance set in India in 1937, against the backdrop of the Indian independence movement
The movie has enough fine acting -- especially by Bose and by Jennifer Ehle as the planter's deceived wife -- and beautiful, razor-sharp cinematography (also by Sivan) to recommend it.
Acting honours go to Bose, his face an eloquently shifting register of shame, calculation and sympathy.
Feels as though it should be a compelling drama, yet it somehow simmers along rather frustratingly with only a couple of moments of genuine tension.
The movie is prettily done in a fairly obvious way, but there's little insight into the emerging nationalist movement, which remains at best a shimmering backdrop in soft focus.
The film is fervently acted and well shot, and Das provides a powerful, emotional force, but there is something a little clanky about the whole project...
A brave new chapter in the Merchant Ivory story.
In another age this Merchant Ivory production would have led the week's reviews. Now it'll be lost to all the superheroes.
Given the racy subject matter, this is an oddly chaste and ultimately underwhelming affair, but it's beautifully shot and the performances ensure that it remains watchable.
As a melodramatic period potboiler it works well enough.
Gorgeous but thuddingly obvious...
While the characters sometimes feel roughly drawn, the casting is spot on.
A tale of forbidden love, customs, rising nationalism and epic tragedy - exuding Merchant Ivory quality in every frame.
India has rarely looked so beautiful onscreen. Against the anguish of his human characters, director Santosh Sivan juxtaposes a tranquil, green world in the hills of the southwestern state of Keralain 1937, 10 years before independence.
Don't be deceived by pretty pictures. Before the Rains has a whiff of the thriller about it.
When the rains in Before the Rains finally arrive, there's nothing to cleanse, no real dirt to wash away -- not with history already so neatly packaged and polished to a dull shine.
This is a story where passion is political and, as with all political indiscretions, the coverup is worse than the crime.
[Santosh] Sivan makes it all quite beautiful with verdant imagery and tastefully melodramatic direction, but at the cost of emotional and social ambiguities
It might have been more convincing if it had emphasized personalities rather than types.
contrived plot and shallow characters just don't hold up long term
Unfortunately, the parade of consequences brought on by the affair has little emotional substance.
[Bose's T.K.] is both an observer and a reluctant participant in the tragedy, and in Bose's performance we see the intellectual awakening and politicization of a young man.
Well-mannered, high-minded and, despite its potentially inflammatory dramatic arc, curiously tepid.
Producer Ismail Merchant died in 2005, but Merchant Ivory's stuffy tradition of quality lives on.
I can't quite recommend it.
One of those dopey romantic epics in which many lives are ruined with gorgeous scenery in the background.
A predictable patchwork of forbidden romance, English arrogance, a gun given as a gift, suicide, corruption, deception, rising Indian nationalism and a short-lived chase through the jungle.
There is something especially insulting about a very adult movie told in very childish terms.
Before the Rains is never less than compelling, but never more than adequately realized.
With all these volatile emotions at play, Before The Rains should percolate like The Postman Always Rings Twice, but... well... it's a Merchant-Ivory production, after all.
It's standard soap opera dramaturgy in wrinkled linens, loincloths and saris.
The problem isn't just that the material is cliched and vaguely offensive....It's more that the plot is incredibly predictable, the score is manipulative and the denouement completely unsatisfying.
Will the rains come? Aye, they will -- and so too the colonialist's comeuppance. Although by the time it rolls around many will be past caring.
A lovely, lyrical film with perfect timing that is a welcome relief from BlackBerrys, iPods, gas taxes, punk rock, the failing economy and the boredom of cutthroat election campaigns.
Set among the first wave of nationalism that led to India's independence, this highly symbolic story is tautly constructed to create high-wire tension between the oh-so-white British colonialists and the traditional Indian ways.
The first third is frankly plodding, though the story begins to engage us by the midpoint. While there is nothing wrong with Roache's or Das's work, Bose's performance gives it whatever power it has.
[A] fierce, uncompromising critique of... nonchalant imperialism, and maybe even of just men on the whole... Which makes this one of the most sneakily feminist movies I've seen in a while.
A resolutely old fashioned story of personal tribulations played out against a backdrop of political turmoil, Sivan's film is well acted, beautifully photographed and oddly reassuring.
Merchant-Ivory productions are usually visual delights, and Before the Rains is no exception. Pity that the direction and narrative lack passion. If there's anything a story of interracial adultery needs, it's passion.
[This] movie symbolizes the continued erosion of the Merchant Ivory brand into an entity producing films that belong on cable television, not in movie theaters.
So pretty and so utterly lifeless you can almost smell the embalming fluid coming off the screen.
The film is well-acted, a broad colonial allegory, and again, visually gorgeous.
The ingredients of the Indian director Santosh Sivan's period piece Before the Rains may be awfully familiar, but the film lends them the force of tragedy.
Director Santosh Sivan imparts a vastness and a sense of wonder to the film, qualities reminiscent of a Thomas Cole painting: They remind you why the Brits thought conquering India was a good idea in the first place.
No amount of lingering shots of nature's rich pageant can make up for its lack of human involvement.
A poignant drama about an Englishman's power games in colonial India that bring havoc to the lives of those around him.
Rahul Bose has a winning presence -- eager with a touch of wariness or wary with a touch of eagerness, and never entirely at home. He keeps the movie from seeming too comfy -- a good thing.
an impressive cross-cultural achievement for director-cinematographer Sivan
Lacking the emotional power necessary to fuel its contrived plot elements, the film is a minor entry in the Merchant Ivory canon.
Mechanical through and through.
The emotionally charged mysteries of his breakthrough feature, The Terrorist, have given way to laborious narrative convention in Indian helmer Santosh Sivan's latest, English-lingo period meller Before the Rains.
Overly familiar material is handled with enough skill and conviction by Indian director Santosh Sivan to create a quietly compelling drama.






@highlight

While lushly photographed and politically suggestive, this soapy melodrama lacks emotional resonance.