The message was meant to remind us all: the press is meant to "serve the governed, not the governors." And to that end, The Post is wonderfully successful.
If you're unfamiliar with the story of the press blowing the lid off the Vietnam War cover-up, it's worth a watch; if you are familiar, this is the dramatized reenactment with prettier people.
Firing on all cylinders, Streep and Hanks anchor the terrific cast with earthy, detailed performances.
The Post tells an urgent story interestingly and well, and if you're a fan of movies, it's hard to imagine it will disappoint.
Here is a movie that is important for all the reasons you've undoubtedly heard about but is also something few of us could have expected: genuinely exciting.
Too much of a slam dunk for Streep and Hanks, this fabled newspaper story is headed for the B section.
Spielberg feels like he's just passing through, managing the setups, giving a few notes to the actors, then leaving the rest to the crew while he goes to supervise the edit of Ready Player One.
... its first half may lack the energy or passion that the subject deserves, but it is a solid film that covers events in a precise and truthful way. [Full review in Spanish]
...the entire cast shines. [Full Review in Spanish]
It has a couple of emotional moments, and there will even be some who say it's important to today's society. However, it does not keep us on the edge of our seats, nor does it take its journalistic thriller to new heights. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Post is a call to arms for a battle that's already mostly lost.
It's a fascinating tale that highlights the need for a strong media and how they should serve the people and not the government.
At a time when the reputation of the press is probably as bad as it has ever been, people have a tendency to embrace the folk memory of that time when the media was considered the pursuers and upholders of truth, not as self-serving and biased.
Do take a peek and remind yourself that history most certainly does repeat itself.
...the two main actors deliver one of their best works in years. [Full Review in Spanish]
...the elements come together in a work worth seeing and publishing about. [Full Review in Spanish]
This film will be a reminder of the time Spielberg, Streep and Hanks worked together and as such, will be remembered as a novelty, as opposed to an example of their best work.
What you expect they will do... they do.
It is worth going, rather, to see the work of a magisterial director, capable of making an exciting sequence up to the printing of a newspaper. [Full review in Spanish]
'The Post' delivers strong performances and a strong message about the importance of a free press.
Spielberg shows off his mastery to push a story that acquires epic proportions while raising sharp ethical edges... [Full review in Spanish]
... The Post has hints of unnecessary patriotism, but it is a timely and solid perspective of journalistic work... [Full review in Spanish]
The Post is timely and could not have gotten a better director or cast, but the tone and intent of the film are so literal and sometimes pretentious for lack of real drama. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film deftly intertwines the denotations of its title as it serves not only as an illustration of the physical edifice and journalists, but also of the Pentagon Papers themselves, and of the woman who was given a position and made it her own.
...a fascinating story that never feels like a sermon or a moralistic tale. [Full review in Spanish]
The pic's transparent award season aspirations create an impassable fissure between subject matter and charisma.
There's no doubt that the free press plays an essential role in a democracy, and the timeliness of this picture can't be disputed. It's just too bad Spielberg doesn't trust his audience enough to let them come to those conclusions on their own.
... The Post proves that Spielberg continues being the best popular artist in cinema today. [Full review in Spanish]
The story of Kay is revealed at the right time... [Full review in Spanish]
Without ambiguity, Spielberg has directed a vibrant ode in favor of the importance of journalistic work, the importance of the free press and the need for journalism to serve as a counterweight to power. [Full review in Spanish]
Definitely, Spielberg makes the story not only very interesting but also very entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
It is a strong and important story, but as a film the execution is stagy, convoluted for the first hour, and it doesn't pay enough attention to its leading woman's narrative.
The performances are, as one would expect from this lineup, riveting.
... The Post allows the viewer to draw their own conclusions. [Full review in Spanish]
The Post was exciting because everyone onscreen and in the audience embraced the premise that the Post had news to tell that would turn the world on its ear. Sometimes at home watching TV I'm not sure what news is any longer.
Historical drama with a human touch and social relevance is right in director Steven Spielberg's sweet spot, as he showed with "Lincoln."
Tom Hanks and Bob Odenkirk put in good performances as, respectively, The Washington Post's editor Ben Bradlee and reporter Ben Bagdikian, but the film belongs to Streep. The lessons, however, are ours to act on.
Here is the greatness of a filmmaker entrenched at the top of neoclassicism. [Full Review in Spanish]
Spielberg injects real urgency into the film, which feels utterly relevant as we move into Donald Trump's second year in office.
...a classic drama raised as a ritual of old and eternal cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]
A film that packs a powerful punch, "The Post" joins "All the President's Men" and "Spotlight" as films that show the true power of the press in the face of adversity.
It's also a pertinent reminder of the power journalism once had in holding governments to account. And it's a great old yarn.
Spielberg continues in the essential search of the deep and mysterious... [Full review in Spanish]
A cloying concluding affirmation will curl some toes, but The Post is nonetheless a heart-on-its-sleeve feature which, though preaching to the converted who will see it, is a rousing championing of the power and importance of the media.
It's clear there is nothing brave about making a film about events from the past that are a bit like now. It is cosy cinema for gentle head shaking. As effective, politically, as leafleting for Hillary Clinton in Williamsburg.
Aside from its timeliness, Spielberg's opus on the Freedom of the Press is also an effective narrative on female empowerment anchored by a contemplative performance by living legend Meryl Streep.
The film wrings a fair amount of tension and nostalgia from what is essentially a string of meetings in smoky rooms, though it stints on analysis and ends with a limp punchline.
The Post is a reminder that quality journalism should still be cherished and championed.
The tensions wind up deliciously as we work our way to a penultimate celebration of a now-imperilled medium.
Spielberg responds to the whole mess that was 2017 in the most powerful way within his reach: from the director's chair, demanding "action!". [Full Review in Spanish]
See it for a lesson in what freedom of the press entails, and a call to action to change the world of today. Make America great again, indeed!
... a solid film about the integrity of journalism and the continuous fight for the right to inform and defend the public. [Full review in Spanish]
Streep and Hanks are in pure movie star mode, sparking off each other as Graham and Bradlee figure out their respective positions.
Solid, smart and polished... this tale might be history, but these days it feels like anything but.
A feature film that perfectly captures the current zeitgeist. [Full Review in Spanish]
Spielberg has finally found a way to make his civics-class movies as enjoyable as his adventures used to be.
An important film...and a very entertaining one.
A serious, important and, for the most part, well executed film. But it's the context of today that makes it.
The film-making may hardly be groundbreaking, but this story is more relevant than ever, and it is told with wit, precision and understated passion.
In his sleek and entertaining performance, Hanks makes nodding references to Jason Robards' portrayal of Bradlee in All the President's Men, and Meryl Streep's quiet, uncertain portrayal of Graham is a joy to watch.
This picture, in an era of Facebook-funneled feeds and 24/7 hype-cycles, turns out to be a far newsboy's cry from that classic.
It's an earnest, timely(TM), important(TM), awards-season(TM) prestige picture(TM)...
The Post is a snootily white-collar movie faking common-man virtues. . .[it] validates the slippery slope that brought us to today's shameless media partisanship.
Absorbing First Amendment thriller rousing success due to behind-scenes business: feminist evolution of Kay Graham (sterling Streep) and step-by-step how feat was achieved .
This is Streep's movie, and not because she is typically excellent. She owns it because Graham is the only character on a journey of self-discovery.
A good film with great things in it.
It couldn't be more relevant in our era of spin doctors, fake news and cyber attacks.
Though the film depicts events from 46 years ago, the resonance of the message about the importance of press freedom couldn't be clearer.
As an educational piece, I actually really did enjoy this movie and the performances were top-notch.
Everyone has brought their A game - whether it's the lead roles, the plethora of incredible supporting cast or the bit part office junior sent to stand in a lift for 30 seconds. Everyone is given their moment.
... turns some sobering and timely questions about press power and presidential abuses into eminently satisfying screen entertainment.
It is getting overpraised because it seems to be in touch with the current revulsion towards more current government lies. Adequate at best, this represents a missed opportunity.
Enjoyable as it is, The Post may not meet the measure of success that Spielberg probably wants...
It's a bit of a Trojan horse, as it cleverly smuggles in another film; a film about a woman coming into her own, which has to be satisfying. And is.
The Post is a smart, astute piece of cinema that entertains in spades while still having plenty to say on a political, social and journalistic level. It is a film worthy of the heavyweight talent it has attracted.
Despite it all, Streep and Hanks soldier on, as only they can, and they do convince us that this fight matters. But The Post feels like old news.
This welcome paean to print is glorious broadsheet filmmaking.
Years from now, away from its current relevance, The Post will play like a sedate prequel to All the President's Men.
Graham, who inherited the job after her husband's suicide, grows in stature - from reluctant boss shouted down by male subordinates to a more confident leader - and is fascinating to watch, thanks in large part to Streep's sensitive portrayal.
The Post is a gripping yarn.
A film about rushing to meet a deadline that feels like it was made that way.
It's as if Spielberg watched Spotlight and thought it might make a good movie someday.
It's a classic Hollywood movie of the highest calibre.
Unfortunately, the narrative doesn't make the significance as apparent as it should.
... the leanest, swiftest film in years from director Steven Spielberg, and one of the best recent performances by Meryl Streep.
The adventurous tone is what makes the result fun to watch, but it also makes us realize that if this were only an adventure story, we would not need to be quite so worried.
This is a film about journalism and how only a well-oiled newsroom can produce great stories.
The Post manages the feat of being nostalgic and topical.
There were times when I could see the brilliance of Spielberg and there were other times where I felt like I was maybe expecting just a little bit more.
Another home run for possibly the greatest director of all time.
Streep, Hanks and Spielberg deliver quality news in this journalistic thriller that's out to be this year's Spotlight.
Despite going a bit soft at the end, The Post does function well enough, even if it is preaching very much to the choir.
Spielberg's latest works as entertainment, but he not so secretly wants the audience to run from the theaters and donate to the ACLU.
Naturally, and unsurprisingly, Hanks and Streep are at the very top of their game, and the film benefits greatly as a result..
No one alive is better at conveying what makes America uniquely great, or at getting an audience to believe that everything will be OK if we just do what we know is right.
A timely look at a fight to be heard - in the boardroom or the press - that's elegant without being electric.
When The Post moves into its final act, Spielberg cranks up the tension magnificently and there are flourishes enough, even if the pay-off feels cringingly feel-good and then strangely flat.
Spielberg's work is an expository blast of energy, a vital, vibrant and often humorous dramatization of the journalistic process.
This is a powerful if sometimes heavy-handed film. It seems particularly significant right now, when there's an orange buffoon tweeting about awarding "worst news" awards as a propaganda tool to stifle criticism.
The balance doesn't sit right and the most exciting elements of The Post remain off-screen. The film has measured surface and technical values, though there is little flair in Janusz Kaminski's cinematography and its texture feels cold and clinical.
An evenhanded snapshot of the fractious relationship between a deceitful government and committed journalists, The Post is essential viewing.
The conversations that centre on this point are at the heart of the film, which is timely, timeless and utterly enthralling.
The Post is an expertly-crafted and compelling film brought to tantalizing life by a master director and an all-star ensemble cast.
The Post goes beyond chastising clickbaity media sensationalism and serves as a stark reminder of the purpose of the press in any democracy.
It is interesting that the film so beautifully intersects with the current cultural moment, from the attacks on free speech, to women asserting their power and stepping up.
The result is such a nostalgic, romantic view of the newspaper business that it makes you wonder where the love for newspapers has gone all these years later.
It's the first time [Hanks] and Ms. Streep have appeared together, and you won't find a better match than these two old pros, who are in the business of complementing, not competing with, each other.
You wouldn't expect a movie that relies on pay phones, typewriters and Linotyp to be the timeliest entry of the awards season.
The Post stands as a tribute to Spielberg's skill as a storyteller, imbuing his backroom story with generous suspense and tension without needing the spectacular action scenes of so many of his celebrated past films.
Streep is superb. What else is new?
The Post lacks the mythic poetry of Lincoln or the freightedness of Munich,and it won't wear as well as Spielberg's absolute best work, but it's supremely entertaining and well-realized.
It's to Spielberg's credit that he wanted to tell this story, and that he and his formidable cast tell it so very well.
If only there were an Oscar for inanimate objects. The Post would be loading a wheelbarrow full of hardware home on awards night for Meryl Streep's spectacles and an old Xerox machine... Sadly, the emphasis is on the artifacts, not the emotional drama.
Spielberg's timing is nearly perfect, and so is his film.
It may be set in the past, but The Post is a timely and urgent tale for the present.
Here, from the most capable hands, is a very good movie showing you how the events in that one came to be.
As someone who lived through this crisis while it played out in reality, I am surprised at how suspenseful 'The Post' was for me to watch.
Spectacularly entertaining, in the way that Raiders of the Lost Ark and Jaws are spectacularly entertaining. Breathlessly paced, it's a journalist-movie thrill ride ... There is no reason not to see it. It is professional, angry, and fun.
As good as it should be
Even though the themes are weighty and the parallels are provocative, my takeaway resembled what Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee (Tom Hanks) growls at one point in the newsroom: "My God, the fun."
Streep is particularly good as the embodiment of a woman who never expected to be running a newspaper (she was thrust into that role following the suicide of her husband) but who rose to the occasion ...
Steven Spielberg can do anything ... except change a culture where Fake News has turned journalism into an eye sore.
The people deserve the truth and not to be lied to, but "The Post" shows that is easier said than done, and it's harder than just writing a story and sending it to the presses.
The Post is a brave movie - perhaps even braver than its biggest inspiration, All the President's Men.
Historical irony, no matter how relevant, means little to movie-goers if a film isn't well told and well executed. And few filmmakers tell and direct a story better than Spielberg.
[Meryl] Streep doesn't play her as a crusader; twice Kay walks into boardrooms, a lone woman among grim men, making no impression.
[Spielberg] has misjudged the effect of his sermon, and has the wrong idea about what we need now. The choir is preached to; those deaf to such matters will continue to ignore. Such a feeble cry of outrage isn't really relevant at all.
More timely than good, The Post comes at a moment when Americans appear to have forgotten their own mission statement, at least in terms long put forward by an independent press.
... Plays as a thriller, even though the "action" consists only of people reading, talking and typing.
Yes, it's big and glossy, with big glossy stars and a big glossy director. But it has the fierce heart of a battling indie picture, one that demands we look at what's been right in front of us for decades, but, perhaps, some of us didn't want to see.
The Post deals with weighty issues about government cover-ups and freedom of the press. But don't be scared off if you're afraid it's one big history lesson. This drama from Steven Spielberg is also a lot of fun.
The subtle jockeying by all three becomes a most civil parlor game, telling of an era when media were far too cozy with their subjects to justifiably claim objectivity.
If pure cinematic pedigree counts for anything these days, then The Post just has to be the best-bred movie to happen along in a long time.
The Post is a timely, extraordinarily well-made and probably quite necessary film.
I can't imagine anyone who ever has worked at a newspaper not giving a big thumbs up to The Post.
The message was perhaps better served in a whisper, instead of with a megaphone.
While the movie is certainly worth seeing, it's nevertheless a disappointment, given the cast and crew's impressive pedigree.
Steven Spielberg's new film about how the Washington Post handled the publishing of the so-called "Pentagon papers" in 1971 is not only educational and informative but also entertaining and terribly timely.
The Post move(s) from a crackling newsroom yarn to a showcase for Streep's now-expected brilliance. It's become routine to see her perform flawlessly, but here she quietly gives one of her best, and most perfectly calibrated, performances.
It's not a civics lesson, it's entertaining throughout.
The main reason to see The Post isn't political. It's Streep. She gives one of the best performances of her career, and certainly the best in recent years.
In an era in which journalistic outlets are increasingly accused of delivering "fake news," this film is a reminder that few things are as precious - and vital - as the truth.
The Post is a decent movie. That's its curse.
Ultimately, "The Post" is about abuse of power at the highest levels and accountability, which couldn't be more timely.
While physical newspapers may not be as much a part of American life as they used to be, the occasional films about their publication - such as "Zodiac," "State of Play," and "Spotlight" - continue to enthrall. Now, "The Post" can be added to the list.
However, The Post is undeniably an important movie for our times, a product shaped by the present and past, and speaking compellingly to this singular moment in our American history.
How you'll feel about The Post is more or less preordained by how you feel about Hollywood, Spielberg, the yearly tradition of Oscar bait, and the boogeyman of a "liberal media"...
Molds real life into a crowd-pleasing story without sacrificing the underlying honesty.
- a potent, important story & Steven Spielberg has pieced together all the elements....If I have a quibble, it is how the dramatic arc is handled: the film delivers bombshells, yet we hardly feel the blast.
"The Post" is not Steven Spielberg's best film to date but it is a solidly constructed historical drama about a real-life event in the battle for freedom of the press and speech.
Meticulously crafted, perfectly paced and brilliantly acted, the only thing that lets this terrific 1970s-set thriller down is too many ideas.
In a lot of ways, The Post is the movie Oliver Stone wanted Snowden to be.
Spielberg demonstrates marvelous skill as he follows through on the story's journalistic, legal, political, and economic consequences.
Still, it's to his credit that Spielberg fleshes out what the revelations of these papers meant for the US at the time.
This has very strong work from Streep and Hanks alongside a large cast.
The cinematic takeaway here is a combination of the factual story, the superb supporting cast (Sarah Paulsen, Bob Odenkirk, Carrie Coon, and Tracy Letts among them), and the film's powerhouse leads, Streep and Hanks.
Spielberg's rush job about the role of journalism is diminished by dot connecting, historical liberty-taking and a cloying sense of self-congratulation. Instead of an incisive comment on our strange American moment, The Post is, in the end, old news.
It's a sentimental, hagiographic history lesson ... but [moviegoers] would do well to studyhow the electricity intensifies, scene by scene, in a way we rarely experience.
The stars align, in more ways than one, as Nixon's seething contempt for the press finds relevance in today's attacks by the current president on the mainstream media as "fake news."
It is the greatest newspaper movie since All the President's Men, the best film about journalism since 1987's Broadcast News and Spielberg's finest since Saving Private Ryan two decades ago.
"The Post" is the right movie at the right time.
Streep manages to thrill us with mere words. And it doesn't hurt to see a strong woman stand up to a room full of condescending white men.
The Post is an important film spotlighting the necessity of a free press to keep our government in check, but more importantly, spotlights a person...a woman willing to risk everything for the greater good of the nation.
A watchable, if not enthralling, account of important events, and some notions that are perhaps more important today than they even were forty-something years ago.
This is movie for its time, one that -- armed with an Oscar-rich cast and crew -- manages to deliver its messages without climbing onto a soapbox and lecturing.
The heroic journalism depicted in The Post could hardly be more timely, it's true, but Spielberg's take rarely achieves dramatic traction.
The roll-up-the-sleeves-and-dig-in attitude is a joy to watch; the multitude of self-righteous monologues are anything but.
The Post is the filmic equivalent of your mom's mashed potatoes: you know they're good; you can depend on them, but there's better out there.
Streep is at the very top of her game here, a wealthy society woman loyal to friends and the family business who finds the gumption to jeopardize both to become a formidable publisher.
Streep is magnificent, and when it comes time to compile her legacy, this performance, one full of fear, confidence, verve and doubt, will rank among her best.
It's exciting and essential, and one of my favorite films of 2017.
A Spielberg classic. Streep and Hanks superb. This is why newspapers matter.
Spielberg offers a tight, lucid and highly satisfying account of the Pentagon Papers from the point of view of the Post and its publisher, Kay Graham.
[A] streamlined account of history, invested in the daily workings of a newspaper and anchored by a genuine sense of idealism.
Old-school filmmaking at its most robust and rousing.
Watching Streep and Hanks hash out what they're going to do is so entertaining it's a wonder it's not illegal; how have these two never shared the screen before?
The standout is Bob Odenkirk as Ben Bagdikian, the kind of old-school reporter who wears out the soles of his shoes tracking down a scoop.
To its credit, the film is nostalgic for journalistic responsibility-the antithesis of the scares, half-truths and conjecture on internet news.
It's a great watch.
Most of the fault lies with writers Liz Hannah and Josh Singer, neither of whom have major credits on their resumé. But it doesn't help that Spielberg is a true believer in America and everything he thinks it stands for.
Even that favourite visual cliche of the newspaper movie, the collage of rolling presses and papers hitting the street, is edited with a fresh ferocity, as "hot lead" type seems to be forged into word bullets for battle.
It's breathless, a little goofy and an altogether grand old time at the movies.
This is a story about taking risks, about putting the good of the country before your own. It sounds corny and clichéd, but even in Spielberg's hands it doesn't come off that way.
A blunt reminder that everything in this story concerning a craven, paranoid president's loathing of an aggressive free press did not exactly vanish with the Nixon administration.
If the intention was to send audiences out feeling inspired about journalism and its function in a republic, consider that mission accomplished.
This is Spielberg back in "Lincoln" territory, making historical figures more mythic by making them seem more human.
It's nimble, crisp, passionate, full of verve and invention. Put another way: It's a newspaper movie that feels like something made by hustling professionals. On deadline.
"The Post" tells of a great moment in journalism - and a great moment in one remarkable woman's life.
Though director Steven Spielberg gets most of the newspaper stuff right, some clunkiness remains, including Tom Hanks' shaky performance as executive editor Ben Bradlee.
Disappointingly flat almost from start to finish...
I think Spielberg made The Post as a rallying cry and cautionary tale for the present...The Post plays like a classic Hollywood movie, in the best sense.
Yes, The Post is virtually pre-stamped "Reliably Entertaining" and "Certifiably Uplifting," but it makes good on its glossy packaging.
Spielberg, now 70, rammed this production through in record time and directs The Post with the enthusiasm of an artist half his age.
It's a story worth retelling every few years, lest we forget.
At once a gripping fact-based period newspaper drama and a timely tale of female empowerment in a male-dominated world.
Inquisitive press pitted against an overreaching executive branch with present-day concerns... banter and grown-up turns akin to the best of the late Nora Ephron. The details of a 1970s newsroom and pressroom are elemental tactile poetry.
Crackles with life and energy, depicting a grand adventure in journalism from almost half a century ago with vigor, suspense, and an urgent relevance for today.
The Post is so on the nose for the political moment that at times it almost seems it might have been produced not by Spielberg, but by some high-end marketing firm.
Spielberg does give into his more melodramatic tendencies at times, spelling things out with a little more didactic clumsiness than I expected. But thanks to Streep's constant quiet dignity as Graham this rarely proves to be a problem.
[The Post] is a film that remains valuable as a reminder that a free press is important and the struggle to maintain those freedoms is never-ending.
But while The Post celebrates the free flow of information, it's primarily about the businessmen who expected Kay Graham to follow their advice to kill the series, and how shocking and revolutionary it was when she ignored them.
It's melodrama, but effective.
It's a movie I admire more than I like.
Now that The Post is on-screen, you can see how the speed of production has seeped into the movie's texture.
For The Post, the past is prologue. It's also a telling indictment of where we are today.
[Meryl Street] is not just great in this film; she is excellent.
The Post builds the tension very well and is an award-worthy film of great importance to democracy and the American public.
The story behind The Washington Post's decision to publish the Pentagon Papers exposing government lies.
It's mawkish tripe, filled with scene after scene of agonizing preachiness.
A high quality effort that will play well with its intended demographic looking for a reminder of the importance of the role of the media in holding lawmakers accountable.
What is most amazing about ... is that Spielberg tells his story in about 110 minutes, zipping through all the issues like a reporter writing a concise story on deadline. And, like a good news article, his direction is clear, succinct and to the point.
This might be the worst thing he's ever filmed. These were my thoughts during the final scene of The Post, a movie I found flawed and unconvincing but never truly bad until the last 45 seconds, at which point I sort of wanted to hide under my seat.
It's your basic Spielberg master class, essentially, which is good enough reason to adore it, even despite the obvious corniness of its most democratically idealistic points.
Serving as a mirror image of 2017, The Post is absolutely, punishingly timely, even when it too often tells us what's on its noble mind instead of making us feel it.
A wonderfully crafted and thrilling treatment of the story, one that never gets too preachy or overzealous
Most fans of the film will fall left of the political center, but even those who think revealers of government secrets belong in jail will have to grant that Spielberg knows how to make a movie that punches emotional buttons. And the guy works fast.
The Hollywood left is still taking its marching orders from Lenin's directive to use art as a weapon as Spielberg, Streep, and Hanks try to bolster their political aims with this terminally boring antidote to insomnia.
It is whalloping good story about secrets and honor and Bob Odenkirk all but steals the film from two of the biggest stars in Hollywood history.
A propulsive, hugely watchable movie, and it has enough of a sense of society, politics, and the course of human history to feel smart in addition to feeling fun.
[Spielberg] conjures up his masterful gift for generating suspense and high drama around the inexorable pull of the deadline, the thrill of a meaningful lead and the collective sense of applying truth to power on a grand scale.
The Post was made for this moment, in more ways than one.
[Streep's] hesitations, rue, and ultimate valor are soul-deep. Graham's victory over her fears does not come lightly, but when it does, it's definitive.
The entire movie is built around the complex character of Katharine Graham (played by Meryl Streep) the owner of the Post, and the difficulties she faced in deciding whether or not to publish news stories based on classified government documents.
When Spielberg's just showing us independent thinking in action ... he's got a great movie.
Well-acted, relevant drama about freedom of the press.
The Post boasts a stunning ensemble of extraordinary character actors sinking their teeth into a riveting screenplay, all choreographed by a genius filmmaker who is firing on all possible cylinders.
Will probably be popular among media people-it's about them.
Will probably be popular among media people-it's about them.
The Post is a superbly acted, meticulously crafted film that makes clear the need for truth seekers both then and now. Spielberg delivers a slice of American history that feels essential.
It's about time the mainstream media had its own propaganda film.
There is never a bad time to be reminded of the importance of a free press, but Steven Spielberg has seized this moment and made it count. The result is mainstream moviemaking at its very best: intelligent and entertaining
A riveting, urgent bit of cinematic storytelling. One of the best films of Spielberg's illustrious career.
Unfortunately, The Post feels very much like the period drama it is - a throwback to the days of sideburns and lead type slugs - and not the exclamation point director Steven Spielberg intended.
Propulsive major studio cinema made with a real-world purpose in mind, it's a risky venture that succeeds across the board.
Pop-up books are destined to be forgotten as the reader grows up, and that's likely the same fate that will befall The Post. It's the film of our moment, but moments are fleeting.
If you're looking for an inspirational boost this December, The Post is a good place to start.
Streep's performance saves the film from its own heavy-handedness.
Mr. Spielberg, a shrewd entertainer who can be waylaid by moralism, rarely lets virtue drag this movie down.
Streep is revered for her great-lady acting, but she's always freshest, and most alive, in comedy. Her performance here is terrific because it's a whirlwind eddy of both.
Steven Spielberg's drama about journalism under fire is so timely it's practically a headline itself. Fine work from Streep and Hanks throughout.
"The Post" may be all-too-easy Oscar bait, but it's as satisfying and polished as you'd expect.
A much bigger hats off to the movie as a whole, a commercial feature film that focuses on a core concern of our time... and the unforced beauty of Meryl Streep's performance.
The ensemble cast, some of which are unusual but valuable choices, all contribute to the organically evolving manic culture of a metropolitan newsroom.
It's a politician's nature to keep secrets. It's a journalist's job to expose them. And, as "The Post" reminds us, we're all better off when it's the journalist who gets the job done.
Thank God for the owners, it ultimately says, who sometimes do the right thing. That's a perfectly fine idea, but our times could use something sharper.
Surprisingly willing to confront the incestuous ties between the Washington Post's executives and the national security state.
Every time The Post threatens to slide into pure, pretentious melodrama, the talent of someone involved pulls it out.
Streep and Hanks shimmer, as does the movie, which lacks only that '70s grit to complete its urgency and authenticity
Although prone to occasional sermonizing, The Post offers a stirring reminder of the importance of these kinds of unsung heroes in protecting the American way of life.
[Meryl] Streep shines. But then, she always does.
Steven Spielberg's tense, terrific new drama, with Streep and Hanks at their finest, celebrates the passionate bond between a free press and every thinking human being, however diminished the species in Trump's America.
Such is its power that it convinces you to evangelize on this behalf.
In the words of John Wesley Harding, "you don't get to read the news in U.S.A. Today."
As timely and urgent as movies can get, The Post is a high water mark in the careers of Steven Spielberg, Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks.
Imagine The West Wing minus all the wit ...
While its imperfections glare like the marker corrections of an overworked copy editor, The Post is an important, necessary statement on journalism's place in strengthening democracy...
It's noble work, and it's appreciable from start to finish. It's just never remarkable, which seems like a missed opportunity considering the high caliber of this cast and filmmaker.
The film portrays this period as a golden era for journalism. In many ways it was a golden age, but the real heroes were the whistleblowers and reporters, and that's no slight to the real risks editors and publishers like Bradlee and Graham took.
Terrifically timely - with an urgency that reminds us that an assault on freedom of the press is a clear and present threat to American Democracy.
In a performance of exquisite subtlety and depth, culminating in an extraordinary moment of decision, Streep shows us the inner growth of a woman who, long underestimated (not least by herself), learns how to take charge and assert her values...
... "The Post" is meat and potatoes Spielberg in the best possible way.
Stories that explore moral choices in this more complex way are still rare in Hollywood and certainly in Spielberg's oeuvre. The Post is superbly handled throughout, intelligent and involving.
Nothing is more promisingly solid, to the moviegoer, than a major Spielberg production. You can foretell everything from the calibration of the craftsmanship to the heft of the cast, and "The Post" inarguably delivers.
Spielberg's latest is the antidote to 2017 we all need.
an essential work, crying out via history against the "fake news" machine and reminding us of why the free press is an absolute necessity in checking the powers of those who are elected to govern us
Director Steven Spielberg's newsroom thriller is a rousing defense of the First Amendment ... and an inspiring portrait of a woman coming into her own.
This, remarkably, is the first time that America's best-loved living actor, actress and director have worked together. It's a film worthy of their talents, a vivid Valentine to America's First Amendment and the golden age of newspapers.
Steven Spielberg celebrates shoe-leather newspaper reporting with a bone-dry chronicle of the publishing of the Pentagon Papers that unexpectedly doubles as a tale of female empowerment.
Set nearly half a century ago, but remarkably prescient in these "fake news" times, The Post is an engaging and masterfully acted tale sure to be in the running come the Oscars.
"The Post" works on many levels, from polemic and thinly veiled cautionary tale to fun period piece and rip-roaring newspaper yarn.
There could not be a more timely film.
The Post is at once reassuring and warning, a reminder that we have survived democracy's test before, but also a prod to stay alert.
The Post is a humdinger of a historical journalism tale that manages to be about many things -- women and power, competition, friendship, and most of all the First Amendment -- while also being a rollicking, enjoyable time at the movies.
The film is positively invigorating, partly because of how it winks at the conversations happening in our country -- in newsrooms and beyond -- in its dialogue.
There's a discipline to Streep and Hanks' performances and Spielberg's direction that allows Liz Hannah and Josh Singer's script to really land and sing.
We need this movie now.
While sentimental at times, The Post has something to say about the world, and just happens to do it beautifully.
Tremendous ...
...an All the President's Men-style salute to the press.
It's a joy to see Streep and Hanks play together, big movie stars locked into each other's fields of gravity.
The Post parallels and thoughtfully expands on the modern-day political landscape while simultaneously functioning as sharply written journalistic detective work
Spielberg's film is rousing and cannily made.
The Post is a steadfast light against the encroaching darkness.
Steven Spielberg's "The Post" is strained and unimpressive Oscar-bait
The Post is the best film about journalism since All the Presidents Men. It is timely and important. It proves that history sadly does repeat itself and speaks very loudly to what is currently going on in America.
Though they only share a few scenes, watching Hanks and Streep perform is like watching two jazz musicians improvising together; overlapping chatter giving way to strategic silence with only the slightest of nonverbal cues.
[Steven Spielberg]'s exceptional at using cinematic gravitas to elevate all this jargon into the stuff legends are made of.
There's topical, there's timely, and then there's The Post, which feels less like a historical thriller set in 1971 than it does an exhilarating caricature of the year 2017.
Ever the master storyteller, Spielberg has no trouble drawing you in.
This also marks the first time that Spielberg, Hanks, and Streep have collaborated on a film, and it's worth the price of admission to watch these giants work off each other and give some of the best performances of their careers.
A veritable army of films that have something to say has provided much to comfort and challenge us these past months. , I also believe Spielberg's The Post is the movie of the year.
But Streep is sublime. At the core of her genius as a performer - and she has earned the right to be called the greatest actress in Hollywood history - is that she keeps finding another approach, keeps surprising us.
Spielberg's all about news travelling fast, and to see him direct so jazzily is an unexpected treat. It's the right idea, even if the result doesn't quite feel so.
A pile of muck (old muck, too) with no rake, Steven Spielberg's National Board Of Review-approved Nixon-era newspaper drama The Post lacks the exact thing it glorifies: a reporter's instinct for story.
Everyone's part in the Post story is so vital, each character has weight, and the actors give their performances the weight of conviction. It is exhilarating to watch them go to bat for their causes.
Second-tier Spielberg, but truly compelling.
More than any director in memory, Steven Spielberg has transitioned from being a beloved American showman to the filmmaker who continuously pursues a conversation with our national conscience.
Rousing, benevolent ideas of hope, resolve, and courage are all at the forefront of the well-meaning, compelling, "The Post."
Remarkably, The Post manages to trace all of these angles and to plunge deeply into several. More than that, it gets the big picture right and a lot of the details, too.
The Ellsberg scenes utilize Spielberg's talents well: they are both adventure movie and social consciousness in that way that he loves. But this isn't Ellsberg's movie, unfortunately
It makes for a supremely gripping story - filled with government secrets, meetings in dark rooms, late-night shouting matches and a race against the clock, all framed against a group of dogged professionals doing their job ...
'The Post' is another great Steven Spielberg movie, but is it fighting a battle that America has already forfeited?
Like a publisher bristling to print the most important story of our time, threatened by exogenous forces, he buries his most important lede an hour into this 109-minute crowd-pleaser.
It's fun, especially nowadays, to cheer when a President who thinks himself above the law is brought down by a free press.
A crackling entertainment made with precision and political purpose, "The Post" examines a crucial moment in American journalism, although the film clearly invites viewers to see the material's gripping contemporary relevance.
It's a movie set in 1971 that's very much about 2017, and Spielberg eloquently speaks to our current moment even if sometimes the words are incredibly on the nose.
Offers suspense and rich characterizations to an all too timely examination of the importance of a free press and of the constant obligation to speak truth to power.
Helmed by the immaculate talents of Academy Award winners Tom Hanks and Meryl Streep, in partnership with one of the year's slickest casts, "The Post" is an embarrassment of riches when it's on but can be torpid when its off.
Steven Spielberg's The Post makes for a timely offering by the way the film displays just how important it is to have a free press.
Spielberg's timely Pentagon Papers drama is packed with great performances, none more impressive than Meryl Streep's vulnerable turn as Katherine Graham.
Pulses ahead like a detective yarn for news junkies, one that crackles with present-day parallels.
The beauty of Streep's performance (and it's one of her best in years) is how she lets you see her grow into the responsibility of her position. She elevates The Post from being a First Amendment story to a feminist one, too.
Spielberg is now 70 but has scarcely lost a step; The Post possesses the same energy and vigor as the films he made decades ago.
It's a stirring drama of principle. In its way, a call to arms.
The Post is an inspirational reminder of the importance of a free press while unabashedly making journalism look like the most awesome job ever - akin to what Raiders of the Lost Ark did for archaeology.
The Post isn't precisely the best film of the year, but it is the most important.
There's a pressing urgency and electricity infused - one that reinvigorates the master filmmaker. [It] makes you sit further forward in your seat.
A timely thriller from Steven Spielberg.
"The Post" isn't a waste of your time, but I was hoping for more - at the very least a little more of that something extra that makes Spielberg movies stand out.
The more you interrogate the premises underlying The Post's themes, the more they disintegrate.
Spielberg felt this story urgently needed to be told, yet he has left the story that needs to be heard firmly in the margins.
It's a good, reliable drama. It's also safe, predictable Oscar bait with nothing new to say.
No American film since Zodiac has exhibited such a love for the way information travels than The Post, but it's nonetheless steeped in self-congratulation.
A compelling look at how one newspaper defied a government in order to fulfill its role as an investigative voice for the people.
Streep, as usual, is all hand gestures and eye flutters, speaking softly while carrying a big shtick.
A gripping political drama, set in 1971.

@highlight

The Post 's period setting belies its bitingly timely themes, brought compellingly to life by director Steven Spielberg and an outstanding ensemble cast.