Anyone who might want characters and not cliches, compelling dialogue and an intriguing scenario, look elsewhere.
Magical lands and sorcery add to the movie's mythic structure. While Mika is suitably simpering, the witch is delightfully evil and is a pleasure to watch. As for Reeves, his lines are minimal, but his swordplay does all the talking.
47 Ronin's biggest shortcoming lies in never relinquishing its real world footing so the visual artistry can intrigue on its own merits.
There's no such thing as bad Jack (Nicholson). There's only vintage and current Jack. However, while there is good Keanu, and even great Keanu, there is also... less good Keanu.
47 Ronin is a film for nobody, made by committee. Like its samurai, it is masterless.
Samurai movies may not be everyone's favorite yuletide entertainment, but there's something to be said for Ronin 47.
47 Ronin looks from the outset like a picture that went off without a hitch.
This $175million Hollywood reworking of Japan's most celebrated tale of honour and revenge is a mostly plodding affair, notwithstanding some fantastical sword-and-sorcery flourishes.
the movie is its own worst enemy
At the helm, Rinsch turns in a movie that's deadly serious yet entirely lifeless.
A handsome movie in many ways, but it feels like an unpolished first draft, one that can't quite decide how fantastical it wants to be.
There's clearly been a lot of money spent and a lot of effort (not least by the Japanese actors struggling with their English dialogue), but the results are lacklustre, stupid and that worst of cinematic crimes -- dull.
Reeves does an excellent job of being a stoic servant bound by honour to reject love and embrace death. And "stoic servant" sounds a little like an actor stuck trying to make the best of a big budget film collapsing all around him, if you think about it.
47 Ronin's emphasis on authenticity leaves it an altogether dour affair.
Rinsch's vision of Japan is brimming with imagination, and I found myself wishing I could spend more time there. I just don't want any of these people with me."
This lumbering vanity vehicle for star Keanu Reeves (50 this year!) features him looking as miserable and bored as the audience.
Keanu Reeves struggles to bring any life to this lugubrious, gloomily lit mythical tale about a group of outcast samurai soldiers. Slower than the queue at a ticket machine, it's only when the swords finally start swinging that the film really kicks in.
The film makers have cast their own illusion of smoke and mirrors and despite the cinematic spectacle that has the power to engage, the juxtaposition of Reeves' character grates, coupled with stilted dialogue and an overlong running time
Ignore the poor reviews. The story's a cracker, the action is deftly executed and it's largely, a fun ride.
Unusually grim (for the multiplex) and ritualistic, with nice supernatural flourishes and an outcome that will surprise those unfamiliar with the original story.
Given this costly ($US175 million) and largely pointless dirge, shrewd filmgoers may feel compelled to instead explore the original, in all its noble glory.
Kikuchi seems to have wandered in from a completely different, campier film; but that's more than can be said for Reeves, who appears to have wandered in from the street.
It's hard to ignore the overwhelming sense of dullness as the story plods along with an unbreakably straight face.
47 Ronin is elephantine and lumbering, a wobbly, would-be epic that aspires to the scope and majesty of The Lord Of The Rings trilogy, but comes up woefully short.
Sometimes, less is more. How I wish that '47 Ronin' had foregone so much CGI and relied more on adventure and star-crossed love as the ronin - samurai warriors without a master - seek revenge upon a powerful and ruthless man.
47 Ronin suffers from a death of compelling attributes that ensures it remains, for the majority of its overlong running time, an utterly, hopelessly bland experience...
with the retelling of legends, aspects of the story are emphasized or smothered in reaction to the temper of the times, that this one eschews politics for romance and spectacle is no more or less valid than earlier versions, just far less well told.
... reverent at times but smacks of demographic pandering with its efforts to be not only a historical war epic, but also a supernatural thriller and a fantasy adventure.
The most misunderstood, underrated film of 2013.
First-time director Carl Rinsch's mega-budget take on one of Japan's most enduring legends feels like a folly that should never have been indulged.
There's nothing pretty or exciting about this movie (inexplicably, it's in 3-D), even when all anyone's doing is fighting.
The pacing is cloddish and tone unaccountably dour.
47 Ronin is about magic, the fantastic, a witch, and CGI monsters that adorn a muddled and confused plot.
We wanted characters that don't require a narrator to explain who they are. We wanted lofty pontification about bushido
Equally clumsy and lazy -- and thoroughly, unintentionally funny -- 47 Ronin combines samurai-sword clichés with Hollywood-style CG mayhem.
47 Ronin is murky, muddled and leaden, although it's not quite the unmitigated disaster it's been cracked up to be.
What could have been an exciting action film with an engaging premise just doesn't add up to the sum of its parts.
Dull, faltering fantasy/action feature that might work better as a video game.
47 Ronin is a harmless (read: awkward but somewhat inspired) piece of action movie fluff married to a period epic.
The colourful clothes in 47 Ronin and the roles of the women make this seem like a fresher, more heightened take on a Tolkien-esque world than Peter Jackson's grey/brown palette.
The idea that revenge is a prerequisite for transcendence is an odd underpinning for a modern blockbuster. What would Nelson Mandela have made of that I wonder? If only we could ask him.
A singular viewing experience: a multi-colored downer fantasy which combines bursts of imagination with a bleak worldview, resulting in something that rarely feels mainstream.
Too much money was spent on this version of the legend of the 47 Ronin for it to be classified as a wholly inept failure. What it does represent, though, is a failure of imagination.
Believe it or not, for all its additions, it's too respectful. You want it to be funnier, crazier.
47 Ronin is admirably devoted to its material, but it's almost tedious to watch.
In spite of its enjoyable, easy-to-exploit aspects, "47 Ronin" is a big budget spectacle hamstrung by its need to be at once flippant and respectful of its honor-driven source material.
Solemn as a funeral march, humorless as your junior high principal, as Japanese as a grocery-store California roll, Keanu Reeves's let's-mope-about-and-kill-ourselves samurai drama has exactly three things going for it.
Hollywood's latest play for the growing Asian market revisits the ancient Japanese legend of self-sacrifice, hoping to offset its garbled narrative and grinding humourlessness with 3D and Keanu Reeves as a samurai Jesus.
A fairer title might have been Ronin in the Gloamin'.
Kenji Mizoguchi's original movie (1941), based on true events in early 18th-century Japan, is a classic. This one is a dud that can barely walk.
In their quest to give the classic story international appeal, the makers have turned '47 Ronin' into an extravagant live-action comic book with a distinctly juvenile sensibility.
A completely unique take on the Chūshingura tale, this account of the 47 Ronin creates a beautiful mix of legend and mythology, but without ever quite realizing the full potential.
A curious folly, albeit an almost endearingly sincere (and strange) one that seems to revere its legendary source material as much as it distorts it.
You thought this was a good idea, movie? Really? Why, exactly? And how the hell did all this cost upwards of $200 million?
For a movie about disgraced samurai reassembling to take down the villain, this is a fairly boring and far too long (2+ hours) slog to sit through, especially since nothing new is served up. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Universal ruins Christmas and ends the cult of Keanu in one fell swoop.
It's a mute-button movie, with passages of gorgeous cinematic craftsmanship. It's too bad the rest of the effort blocks the view.
Any story that's been passed down through several generations is likely to have been embellished along the way, but this adaptation of a Japanese folk tale takes things a little too far.
Mildly entertaining and gorgeous to look at, 47 Ronin has little beneath the surface to recommend it. There are a few good fights, though.
An overlong, underwhelming movie now hitting theaters that certainly wasn't worth the wait.
What sucks is that the production design and the creatures look really cool, and a quest narrative set in this world could have been a lot of fun.
"47 Ronin" can't entirely paper over the void at its center, traceable partly to the shadowboxing of computer-aided filmmaking or studio tinkering.
a respectful but inert advertisement for intercultural cooperation
The camerawork is claustrophobic with too many close-ups, fast cutting, and dim 3D, and stylistically the movie fails to set itself apart from most blockbusters.
Ultimately, this vision of feudal Japan seems to fall somewhere between a graphic novel and computer game. But even comics and games are less witless and tedious than this.
Memo to Hollywood: Find another use for Keanu Reeves.
The basics of the story remain unchanged, but it's the wanna-be-blockbuster additions that rankle, be it the incoherent direction of first-time feature director Carl Rinsch or the copious CGI beasties who look like rejected Lord of the Rings villains.
[Rinsch] careens from one set piece to another with a blend of passable 3-D and dialogue so wooden, it seems dubbed.
While the visuals are lovely to behold, this unremarkable version of the classic 18th century Japanese legend is stiff and uninvolving.
47 Ronin feels less like a new opportunity to explore a Japanese national epic using modern tools, and more like 'Nondescript Fantasy Film #253.'
"47 Ronin" would have been more fun if it kept swinging its sword instead of falling on it.
With a better hand this could have been something glorious and grand. As it is, 47 Ronin is solid B-movie entertainment with a $175 million budget.
The eagerness of the major studios to cozy up to Asian markets yields awkward results in 47 Ronin, a lumpy 3D epic from Universal that fuses Japanese historical legend with generic CGI-heavy action fantasy.
The best samurai films come from overseas, with the sadly underwhelming and horribly misguided 47 Ronin proving exactly why.
An unremarkable fantasy-adventure, "47 Ronin" skimps on the samurai action and stumbles when trying to be about weightier themes such as honor and destiny.
As impressive as these visual elements prove to be, the film struggles to grab and maintain audiences' interest, whether or not they know the underlying legend by heart.
"I will search for you through 1,000 worlds and 10,000 lifetimes!" Reeves promises his beloved. Anyone who sits all the way through this glossy folly will know exactly how that feels.
Insufferably boring, culturally hegemonic, and profoundly ugly.
Perhaps a folly and - Kikuchi aside - too deadpan to be a romp, this is still a decent, colourful samurai spectacle with a classical look (lots of symmetrical compositions) and a story which stands up under multiple retellings.
As the old adage goes, you can't polish a turd. But you can sprinkle plenty of CGI and countless close-ups of Keanu Reeves looking morose onto it.
This botched vision accepts the warrior's nobility at face value and sees the story merely as a springboard for high-flying action and CGI special effects.

@highlight

47 Ronin is a surprisingly dull fantasy adventure, one that leaves its talented international cast stranded within one dimensional roles.