The momentum is lost.
Fanboys laughs with Eric and the gang, not at them. It celebrates how pop culture can bring people together, and that a dream is important even if it only matters to you.
Overly concerned with making a film about the fans for the fans, but they forgot to ask, is it any good?
in a manner that is both thoroughly entertaining and slyly confronting, FanBoys ends up being an affectionate lampoon of its own viewers and the lives that they live through the movies that they watch.
Those unsure of what a scruffy nerfherder is or what the planet Kashyyyk represents in the broader Star Wars universe will probably want to sit this one out.
For those who get a gag like 'Looking for love in Alderaan places?' you don't have to worry if the movie is on your level or not.
...the film really only works in fits and starts...
At times the structure labours, but ultimately Fanboys rises above routine Hollywood fare because it never makes fun of the people it represents.
I have never not laughed so much since I saw "Gone Fishin'"...
What if the movie sucks?
Fanboys does have a heart buried under all that dandruff and sexual frustration.
Buoyed by infectious high spirits and self-deprecating humour, the film works in strange and perhaps unintentional ways, thanks largely to the sustained energy of the lead actors, and writers Ernest Cline and Adam F. Goldberg.
Turns out there is something more annoying than an infatuated bunch of Star Wars nerds. Turns out a movie about an infatuated bunch of Star Wars nerds can really set your teeth on edge.
Fanboys kind of made me want to stop being one.
The humor is fast and furious, especially the ingrained hatred between fans of "Star Wars" and "Star Trek."
That the boys are so earnest in their dedication to the Star Wars oeuvre signals their stunted adolescence.
Pretty funny, as long as it focuses on geek-specific references ('Hey, it's Willow's spell book!').
It was a great premise, it just unfortunately did not come together.
A lot of promise here, no execution.
Any film that turns R2-D2 into a lusty anatomical nickname can't be all bad.
t's the strong Star Wars/geek-centric nature of the film that helps it succeed.
Fanboys ambles along on a decent sprinkling of chuckles. The tide of in-jokes are funny whether you get them or not because the real humor lies in how they reflect a fraternal code.
A missed opportunity to make a smart, affectionately witty skewering of obsessive fanboy culture.
This road movie heads in predictable directions but with unpredictable results.
The tone seems as uneven as the pacing.
Fanboys is pretty much for fanboys.
Parental Content Review
The bulk of the humor is inoffensive -- save for Fogler's constant humping -- but largely weak.
It is a shame that a movie about the people who are most passionate about edgy, imaginative stories is itself slipshod and formulaic.
Genial and potty-mouthed and dumb and sweet -- a rudely engaging road comedy with more inside Star Wars baseball than a convention hall full of Imperial Grand Moffs.
The war is over, the movie is available in some form to the general public, and the natural response after viewing? The film wasn't worth all the fuss it generated.
A few laughs here and there and a couple of moments of emotionally stunted sweetness add up to a Fanboys that only a fanboy would love.
The kind of groovy, easygoing, good-hearted affair that manages to entertain despite its shortcomings. Fanboys will leave you with a smile across your face for ninety minutes.
Fanboys doesn't delve into the mania of fandom, it exploits it.
Little boys that play with action figures might get juiced up from cameos by the likes of Carrie Fisher and William Shatner, and the promise of a booby flash, but "Fanboys" is not an enjoyable ride for the rest of humanity.
just another rowdy boys' party, rather than an insightful celebration
This is not the film you're looking for.
An outrageously zany, razor sharp comedy and a must-see for Star Wars fans young and old. If you're among those Star Wars fans, then let the LAUGHTER be with you!
You'd think the weakest link in Fanboys would be that it's all in-jokes, but they're actually not so 'in' that a casual fan won't get them.
Though it does feature a few inspired comic moments, there is a surplus of tired, overused gags.
Uninspired and only faintly funny.
Unfortunately, the filmmakers forget that the most important part of an in-joke is the joke.
At this point, Lucas is in no position to be picky about his remaining fans.
It's not nearly nerdy enough.
Yawn; real fannish obsession can be much more absurd, and unsettlingly fascinating, than this burlesque ever gets.
For people who hated the prequels or just outgrew their love for Salacious Crumb action figures and Star Wars Holiday Special references, it will probably feel like 90 minutes in the Sarlacc pit.
Even geeks enjoy poking fun at geeks. And they really know how.
The comic Force is with Fanboys, a hilarious and heartwarming film about the wondrous powers of movies that last a lifetime.
If you want to hear characters talk to each other in Star Wars dialogue, I've got a couple of trilogies for you.
The Force isn't with crude story of fandom and friendship.
Fanboys is not groundbreaking, but it doesn't need to be, what it needs to be is a loving tribute to a hopeful time.
The plot device of young men who refuse to mature has never felt more exhausted, maybe because these actors or ones who look like them have already done this shtick in other movies.
Too often, "Fanboys" inspires smiles of recognition, rather than guffaws of surprise...These guys assume that having a funny idea is an end in itself.
It's a little on the lazy side, more content with having fun and dropping names than with actually commenting on anything.
The best parts commingle with a lot of shopworn ideas that Kevin Smith more or less milked dry a decade ago.
Makes me appreciate how the jokes in Family Guy are really accessible to anyone. These are not. This is really just for fanboys, and that's fine. Have a celebration of love of Star Wars and write a love letter to the fans.
Probably the closest thing my generation will get to having its own "Diner"
After years of expectation, Star Wars, Episode I - The Phantom Menace didn't work for most fans of the franchise. Ironically, it feels like people may say the same thing about Fanboys.
While "Fanboys" has an amusing premise, it doesn't know how to properly exploit it and the result is a film that is nowhere near as funny or incisive as it should have been.
For its amusing premise, Fanboys is scarily flat.
Many actual plot points are annoyingly trite...However, if you're the sort of person who can appreciate a Ray Park cameo or a THX-1138 nod, you'll laugh, cry and wince in recognition
While it may score some points as an extended in-joke, the mix of juvenile comedy and insider asides is arcane, snobby and just not very funny.
It's hard to imagine any sort of alchemy transforming the script's parade of Star Wars references and tired nostalgic '90s signifiers into gold, or -- this many years after Jar Jar Binks -- make their passion seem anything but sadly misplaced.
Much as Robert Zemeckis toyed with Beatlemania in I Wanna Hold Your Hand a generation ago, the wobbly new comedy Fanboys, set in 1998, salutes Yoda worship and the fine line between ardor and breaking and entering.
Lucas' presence looms in the flick's uneasy balance between rapt devotion and sly foreshadowing of the franchise fans' bitter days to come.
Fanboys finally arrives in theaters today, although what fanboys will see may be its mangled remains.
Funny, I always thought of the National Lampoon crowd and Star Wars nation as separate demographics.
A rote comedy that tries to pay tribute to this much-maligned subculture, but instead resorts to lazy stereotypes and comedy conventions.
Laughs are not just an endangered species, but totally extinct.
Fanboys is an amiable but disjointed movie that identifies too closely with its heroes. Poking a little more fun at them would have been a great idea.
Its raunch can be appreciated by the younger viewers, the sentiment by the older.
...a hoary mixture of trite nerd jokes, lame physical comedy and fairly basic Star Wars references that actually condescends to geeks under the guise of celebrating their peculiar culture.
It's a ticklish footnote to the Star Wars phenomenon.
While Fanboys has moments of success, it is mostly a middling road picture that doesn't do a lot more than any average, forgettable entry into the tired genre.
Real-life fanboys know that the release of this mildly cute, mildly drooly, majorly too late spoof/homage has been delayed for more than two years.
My favorite moment involves a Jar-Jar Binks tattoo -- and whether or not that idea strikes you as funny should be a pretty good indicator of whether or not you'll like Fanboys.
Merely an extended high-five to those already in the Skywalker-adoring club.
You're better off watching The Star Wars Holiday Special on YouTube. At least Bea Arthur sings.
Nothing more than an attempt to stroke the "Star Wars" fans ... they're probably the only ones who might appreciate what is generally a weak and unfunny movie.
There are plenty of no-budget movies worthy of grassroots movements. 'Fanboys,' which comes with a built-in fan base only by virtue of its connection to a universe George Lucas created, isn't one of them.
A comedy by Star Wars geeks, for Star Wars geeks. It's also pretty average . . .
This long-delayed comedy may pique the interest of Star Wars fans, but the film's slapdash humour and broad characterisations will have most everyone else heading to another galaxy far, far away.
The crude-dude genre staples are mechanically rendered: gay panic in a biker bar, mescaline-fueled dreams, highway chases, and cancer.
Like discovering a roommate's mangled, half-eaten pie in the fridge; it's not wholly formed, pretty-looking or good for you, yet you still somewhat enjoy it. Ergo, a marginal recommendation for target demo.
Star Wars fandom has been celebrated in pop culture for decades, but we're still waiting for a movie that captures it with any real level of truth.
Its target audience may be thin, but they will decide whether seeing their lifelong cinematic obsessions poked fun at and ultimately celebrated was worth the wait (answer: yes).
Above all else, Fanboys remains an enthusiastic attempt to pay tribute to the film that sparked countless fans' love for the movies.
What I expected to be a big fat mess of a movie turned out to be pretty dang fun -- quadruply so if you happen to be a Star Wars fanatic.









@highlight

This undercooked, sporadically funny road movie is a sop to Star Wars fanatics, but the uninitiated will find little to enjoy.