Teen spy hero makes leap from book to screen.
What doesn't quite work are the more overtly jokey bits.
A moderately enjoyable affair which only drags in the middle.
Jamais parece reconhecer a pouca idade de seu herói, que age como adulto (e como espião experiente) na maior parte do tempo, o que, além de tornar tudo implausível, ainda resulta num filme aborrecidamente convencional.
An instantly forgettable confection that'll bore more kids than it entertains.
Nobody wants to see a violent James Bond send-up, with a British teen risking life and limb for Jolly Olde England, matched against a toothpick chomping 'computer genius' villain played by Mickey Rourke.
This mishmash retread fails to find its own identity on any level and should head straight to cable TV where it belongs.
An entertaining popcorn movie featuring a veritable who's who of game British actors (and a trio of equally game American performers) who keep the proceedings lively even with a too-predictable plot.
click to read full review in Greek
It's not much of a plot and TV veteran director Geoffrey Sax struggles with the big-screen demands of action scenes.
Stormbreaker jarringly shifts back-and-forth from real-world believability to Bond-esque suspense-of-disbelief to Boris-and-Natasha goofiness.
I forgot most of it about 20 seconds after it was over.
Even more damaging is the inescapable fact that as the allegedly dashing and charming Alex, Pettyfer is a complete washout -- he is sullen, mush-mouthed and seems to spend the entire movie in the throes of a perpetual pout.
Stormbreaker plays with, well, not complete authenticity, but more-than-expected authenticity.
The secret agent actioner Stormbreaker is definitely more James Bond for tweens than Nickelodeon fluff like Agent Cody Banks. Maybe it has something to do with the British accents.
[Rider's] squirrelly film debut amps up Horowitz's wry humor, putting silliness in unintentional competition with the film's action and dramatic elements.
Alex is a junior James Bond, but the movie takes itself too serious to be a fun kids film.
Parents or older siblings taking the kids to the movies as a family bonding experience are less likely to bond with the kids than find themselves succumbing to the urge to nap. Bring a blankie; you may need it.
Yes, we've got brand new blond junior and grown-up Bonds this season, but the toughest task for Baby Bond could be finding an audience.
The movie runs in fits and starts, dragging along as if on life support for the majority of the first act before hitting its stride for a glorious midsection and than losing it again during a hackneyed climax that's as stupid as it is laughable.
Bond-for-kids done with some obvious budget restrictions...
If there's a pressing need for a teen version of James Bond-style spy tales, it's not apparent: Twelve-year-olds are already watching the real thing.
A pointless junior version of James Bond minus the budget (and the suaveness).
With so much talent involved with this film, the finished product seems like a waste.
Just when you start to get caught up in the action, one of the supporting actors shows up, mugging and breaking the tension.
This lame teenage James Bond will leave audiences neither shaken nor stirred.
It's one thing to imagine ordering a shaken martini; it's another to be handed a Shirley Temple.
Even fantasies need a nod or a wink to assure viewers, 'Yes, it's ludicrous -- but isn't it fun?'
Geoffrey Sax's filmmaking holds few surprises -- Whiz! Bang! Boom! Ha ha ha! -- but it's swift and competent.
Director Sax is unable to generate much tension in the action scenes, even rendering a nice bit of Donnie Yen martial arts choreography incomprehensible.
Stormbreaker isn't a sour film, but it doesn't have a pulse; limping through extended action beats with cookie-cutter authority and often horrific direction.
If Pettyfer approached the material as a teenage James Bond movie, the actors playing the villains approached Stormbreaker as a teenage Austin Powers movie.
It's more like Operation Snoozemaker.
The film is forever trying to balance between being for younger teenagers and keeping their parents occupied as well, and never quite gets it right.
James Bond returns in Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker, disguised as a 14-year-old boy involved in a mission so outrageously top secret that even the producers of the movie deny his true identity.
Perhaps as a publishing phenomenon the concept works, but on-screen it's pretty dull, with good actors in bad roles and bad special effects.
Taken for what it is -- 'tweenage escapism -- Stormbreaker is moderately fun.
I think older kids will like its uptempo blend of action and camp.
Unlike many movies aimed at this demographic, Stormbreaker gives young audiences credit for taste and wit.
There's a lot of chasing around and some cool stunts, but it has a flat, draggy feel to it, some creepy moments of oddly insensitive interactions, and no sense of genuine enthusiasm or adventure.
Ambitious and enjoyably silly teen thriller.
If they'd given this kid an umbrella, you could guarantee it would rain.
Though the film is not terribly original ... the action scenes are diverting, the veteran cast is amusing and the engaging Pettyfer makes a solid debut.
It hasn't a shred of originality.
Who knew that the world was clamoring for another spy kid movie at this very moment? If we have to have one, it should be as cheeky and nonsensical as Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker.
Boring, empty, anticlimactic, uninspired and bankrupt of humanity.
It's ostensibly an action movie, and the action is so poorly shot as to be embarrassing.
It's better than some James Bond movies -- no matter what your age.
The script comes from Anthony Horowitz, based on the first novel in his Alex Rider spy series. How is it possible to take your own work and make it less interesting?
Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker is Agent Cody Banks played British and kinda straight -- that is, as straight as you can when your villain is played by a toothpick-chomping Mickey Rourke in purple eye shadow.
Bland and formulaic, a kind of British Cody Banks without that movie's gaudily over-the-top elements and largely minus its humor.
If there was ever a case to be made against doing a young James Bond film series, 'Stormbreaker' will serve as a key piece of evidence in that argument
With all the charm of the early James Bond movies and all the heart-stopping chase scenes of the contemporary spy series ... Alex Rider heaves into view as a reluctant, but thrilling young spy.
The movie lacks tension.
This is as serious as a heart attack with a Snidely Whiplash/Wile E. Coyote plotline, which is why this fails.
Most of the problems with Stormbreaker all boil down to believability.
Filled with entertaining action sequences and a dazzling supporting cast, Operation Stormbreaker succeeds in serving up tasty fare for the older set, as well as kids.
Sporting all the elements of a pre and early teens action adventure for the modern age (Biggles on steroids?), Stormbreaker uses Hollywood style filmmaking with British eccentricity to fun effect.
If in 20 or 30 years, Daniel Craig has retired from playing Ian Fleming's stalwart secret agent, the series' producers need look no further than Alex Pettyfer for their new man.
A shake 'n' bake Brit teen-spy actioner, without a smidgeon of originality, humor or involving characterization, Stormbreaker is a high-profile bust.
A lame and disappointing affair.
[At its best,] Stormbreaker gets the balance right, managing to be both playfully humorous and genuinely exciting.
Geoffrey Sax makes a good fist of the visuals, mustering plenty of bonkers sets, vehicular action and new-fangled gizmos.
This whizzy adventure will keep pre-teens enthralled and adults quietly chuckling. But it's just not sophisticated enough.
The colourful cast have a lot of fun with their slightly cartoonish roles, particularly Bill Nighy and Missi Pyle as Sayle's henchwoman.
Of the dressed-to-thrill cast, only [Alex] Pettyfer disappoints; he just looks and sounds too bland to be a teen hero. But I'll leave that for the kids to decide.
There's so much potential within, but it's terribly squandered. And that's a real shame.


@highlight

Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker is strictly children's fare, as it lacks originality, excitement, and believabiltity.