Like other later-in-life romantic movies, I'll See You in My Dreams tells us that it's never too late to fall in love. But, don't expect a completely happy ending.
When I see it again, as I plan to, I may find a moment or two to quibble with. If I do, I suspect they will be very minor.
Happily, Blythe Danner is the central figure in an immensely pleasurable indie film that blends the integrity of an art film with the cozy accessibility of the mainstream.
Over a series of little intimacies Haleys steady hand balances the weight of lifes sorrows with generosity, wit and warmth: especially when the titles meaning becomes tenderly clear.
Smart and never patronising...
Co-writer and director Brett Haley, with his second feature, achieves something very warm-hearted and appealing despite low stakes, thanks to a special performance from his lead.
Touching, and warm and earnest in its conviction .
Blythe Danner has been acting for half a century but she has rarely had a part as good as Carol in I'll See You In My Dreams.
Corny for certain, but very charming to boot.
Avoids the obvious, delivering a bittersweet observational drama which pulls the heartstrings.
It's light touches all around, with everybody seeming to have gotten the emotional availability memo.
I'll See You In My Dreams assembles some very fine performers and gives them almost nothing to do. It's aimed at the people who flock to those Best Exotic Marigold Hotel movies but want an even less challenging narrative.
Blythe Danner is delightful as a lonely dowager facing her twilight years with dignity.
The best scenes feature Danner and Starr because the interaction feels awkward and unscripted. Laden with weird energy that streams everything from repressed Oedipal urges to frat-buddy bonding, these are the moments that really make the film stand out.
A resonant and tender romantic dramedy on the challenge of finding what one is looking for in their twilight years.
It's a small film, but one that resonates strongly with the aging demographic that frequents the art house scene. You could even call it a perfect fit.
I thought this movie was okay. I think that older people will like it much more.
Draped in fashionable scarves and radiating effortless charm, Danner is in every scene. Most viewers will be able to relate to the character she plays, but they also may wish both character and actress had been placed within a more challenging story.
Reflections on the highs and lows in rites of passage, in this bittersweet tale channeling the female experience of aging. Along with the humorous when not harrowing cross-generational bonding that can awkwardly kick in.
While this gentle comedy itself isn't a deathless work of art, the role turns out to have been worth the wait for this longtime character actress.
A confident feature angel-kissed with an enviable cast (extending well beyond just Danner) and an often lovely script.
A beautiful and smart coming-of-old-age film.
Sweet and carefully made.
Humble drama works thanks to good characters and performances
Danner Delights in "Dreams."
Offers gentle laughs and a few moments of heartfelt emotion.
Refreshingly adult, sweet-tempered and rather special little romantic comedy-drama focusing on a generally underserved age group -- and presenting that group in a new light.
[Danner is] clearly having a ball with this character.
Director/co-writer Brett Haley's simple, low-key character drama gets a boost from Blythe Danner's lovely lead performance and a unique spin on the crises of purpose that can face us at any age.
"I'll See You in My Dreams" takes its time getting to unexpected places and makes you glad to follow along.
A touching, funny and thoughtful film that trades in honesty rather than artifice.
I'll See You in My Dreams is delicate and nuanced, with writing that rejects, or at least reshapes, the cliches of movies about people facing the glare of their sunset years.
Danner's even better on her own, as she honestly, even angrily, wrangles with not a paradox, per se, just the raw rub of life: that it sucks to be alone, and it's scary to try not being alone. She's exquisite.
Bylthe Danner plays Carol with endearing grace, and a lot of chardonnay.
Bittersweet dramedy that's disarmingly reminiscent of an episode of TV's 'Golden Girls.'
An emotionally rich drama that conveys the sunshine and shadows of the elder years.
The film cleverly uses the conventions more typical of romantic comedies several decades its junior ...
Endearing from start to finish is Blythe Danner in the role of Carol.
Danner is probably the main reason to see the movie, and her screen presence is impressive; she's an actor who manages to bring gravitas to any role, and that includes her work in goofy things like Ben Stiller's Meet the Parents series.
Haley allows Danner to be exquisite as Carol, never rushing while allowing the actress to explore every nuance of her character. We casually fall in step with her, grateful to be there.
"I'll See You in My Dreams" is at once funny and poignant - and not just for moviegoers of a certain age.
I'll See You In My Dreams speaks ably to the highs and grave lows of aging and trying to shake life up when it's been comfortable for a very long time.
An admirable take on the winter of discontent that may arrive toward the end... Admirable for its refusal (mostly) to go for broad comedy or easy sentiment, for its matter-of-factness and willingness to take its time with each conversation and situation.
It's a heartfelt, character-driven look at aging gracefully that manages to be both humorous and poignant.
With its sensibility firmly tapped into authentic human life and experience, Brett Haley's I'll See You In My Dreams reaches deep into one's core, shining its sweetly quiet demeanor and modest scale.
The film's quiet sincerity and enjoyable layers greatly outweigh its clichés, and Haley reminds us that growing older is always complicated, no matter how old you already are.
I'll See You in My Dreams may not be "about" much, but nonetheless, it has a lot to say and, like its characters, says it with precision.
A nuanced lead performance by Blythe Danner anchors this better-than-average entry in the growing subgenre of light dramas about Baby Boomers learning to enjoy retirement.
I'll See You in My Dreams could easily slip into senior citizen cliché nightmares, but the screenplay, by Haley and Marc Basch, packs plenty of respect for this character demographic.
"I'll See You in My Dreams" may be the first movie since 1974's "Lovin' Molly" to put Danner at its center; the results are a minor revelation and a reminder of where the real acting talent in this family lies.
Rather than loud and desperate, it's relaxed and lonely, a reminder of how riveting it can be to see two well-drawn characters sitting and talking.
Exquisite chemistry between Blythe Danner and Sam Elliott make this dramedy for grown-ups something special indeed.
It's an impressive piece of low-key filmmaking... sweet, generous and sure to please, then surprise an audience that finds any old Marigold Hotel exotic.
The film has a fresh tone and free-floating original storytelling. Nobody is as predictable as they first appear.
A formulaic but engaging dramedy...older audiences in particular will find it a pleasant way to spend their time.
The drama serves as a pleasant reminder that no matter how old we get, we never really become experts at life. And who would want to? The fumbling is often the most interesting part.
"I'll See You in My Dreams" is a remarkably pleasant experience at the movies.
The actors are terrific. It's too bad, though, that co-writer, editor and director Brett Haley settles for so little.
There are three reasons to see I'll See You in My Dreams. Blythe Danner is Reason No. 1. She also happens to be Reasons Nos. 2 and 3.
One of the year's truly great surprises, it's a film about growing older and taking new chances.
By keeping sentimentality out, "I'll See You in My Dreams" leaves space for real emotion.
The tender magnetism of Blythe Danner turns an intelligent, sensitive story of love among the not so young into a work of art.
The breezy, tender moments between Blythe Danner and Sam Elliott, two great unsung troupers of American acting for 40 years, would make for a blissful short film.
Good cast, but the stale humor and randomness of the script never allows any emotional payoff.
"I'll See You In My Dreams" is notable for its tempered sweetness and never on-the-nose wisdom. It makes genuine cinematic hay of scenarios that 99 out of one hundred other filmmakers would play for cheap look-at-the-old-people laughs.
What "I'll See You" does particularly well is get at how any relationship - whatever your age - comes with a limited, rather than a lifetime, warranty.
A modest, quietly touching portrait of an older woman radiantly embodied by Blythe Danner.
The kind of star turn that Oscar-worthy performances are made of, and that alone makes this wonderful crowd-pleaser a dream come true.
Carol's life is often good, but Ms. Danner makes her loneliness palpable.
It is a delight to see Danner in a lead role, and her character study bubbles with a relatable, melancholy feistiness bolstered by strong support..."I'll See You in My Dreams" is a small scale marvel.
There's a soothing indie score, a nice indie ending, but a good amount of "I'll See You in My Dreams" isn't afraid to be indie in the purest, most honest sense of the word.
A far cry from the Nancy Meyers rom-com promised by its trailer, Brett Haley's directorial debut is a poignant if slight drama elevated by its impressive candor and by Blythe Danner's radiant performance.
I'll See You in My Dreams is that rare slice-of-life movie that doesn't strike a false note anywhere.
Elliott and Danner fare best together, mainly because of their swoon-worthy chemistry; it's surprising that they've never worked together before this.
Danner shines in scene after scene.
The movie is by turns a romance, a chick flick, a coming-of-age film and even a stoner movie. There's something for everyone, with the possible exception of cretins who don't appreciate great writing, casting, directing and especially acting.
Writer-director Brett Haley hasn't done anything revolutionary with this refined, sweet film, but the world he creates feels authentic and comfortably lived in.
The film is a parade of barely connected events, presided over by a barely connected protagonist.
"A sweet and sensitive tale...it's refreshing to have lesser-seen romances and different kinds of friendships on screen. "
It's hopeful and realistic in equal measure, and it's anchored by a quietly resplendent performance from Danner, who brings a featherduster touch to everything she does.
Highly polished yet never quite slick, it devolves now and then into cartoonish cutesiness with its broadly drawn minor characters.
Blythe Danner lands her best screen role in years as a retired widow who decides to dip a tentative toe into the dating pool in indie comedy I'll See You in My Dreams.
A polished piece of entertainment.
If there's one lesson the film attempts to convey, it's that there is always sweetness left in the world, no matter what, and this is a big piece of it.
This is the mercurial nature of cinema. With good casting, decent writing and a light directorial touch where others might go for full-frontal schmaltz, almost any scenario can win you over.
Blythe Danner gives a deeply felt performance as a widow slowly embracing the challenges of old age in this pleasant romantic dramedy.

@highlight

I'll See You in My Dreams would be worth watching even if Blythe Danner's central performance was all it had going for it, but this thoughtful drama satisfies on multiple levels.