Superbad for bullies.
A politically-incorrect and surprisingly uneven teen comedy that 20-somethings will likely enjoy.
PROJECT X is the male gaze substantiated and concentrated into ninety sweaty minutes.
Project X misses the mark some of the time, but makes up for it by hosting the party of the decade.
Unlike prior 'house party' movies, Project X says nothing meaningful about its subject matter and, instead, paints teens as unlikeable and reckless automatons.
Project X misses the mark some of the time, but makes up for it by hosting the party of the decade.
There'll be many middle-aged, middle class haters declaring it morally bankrupt, but most will be able to file it under 'Guilty Pleasures' alongside Jackass, Bachelor Party and...er...forcing your pet to dance on its hind legs.
It wants to be the ultimate party movie, but its mean-spirited nastiness, dedication to shock-value humor, and lack of any kind of base-level humanity proves that it's really the ultimate teensploitation film.
An enjoyable, if very sloppy, jaunt into total anarchy, Project X isn't a film about morals, but what happens when all rules are thrown out the window.
It's kind of like reality TV. You get what you pay for.
Laughs? Just one or two chuckles. Acting? Pretty flat. X stands for Xcuse to shrug off empty-spectacle moviemaking as awesome partying for Hollywood's coveted teen demographic. X marks that Xtremely cynical profiteering spot atop the box office.
Except for bits concerning the dog, I didn't hear myself laughing.
None of these people resembles any teen anybody really knows. And thank god for that.
If you don't mind the adolescent male point-of view (read: constant objectifying of the opposite sex) there's plenty to enjoy here.
The party won't stop, even though you want it to.
Overloaded with foul language, gratuitous nudity, obnoxious characters, and the sub-standard cinematography of the "found footage" style.... But damn if it's not entertaining.
"Project X" is that beau who sets off warning bells when he's there to date your little girl. You won't want to let her out the door with this creep.
A bad-taste comedy with energy and anarchy to spare -- maybe too much of both
An unhealthy strain of misogyny runs through the dialogue, and the film- makers' unquestioning acceptance of high-school one-upmanship fairly turns the stomach.
Although much of this obvious yet ingenious film is filler, it may be a game-changer in its genre, and its fiery, almost apocalyptic final act recalls the liberating anarchy of the great 'Rock 'n' Roll High School.'
It is a failed attempt to analyze what it means to rebel in the twenty-first century, and as such ends up being a party, not for the ages or the record books, but instead for the dustbin of rancid ideas and concepts better left forgotten.
... a lame, laughless, pathetic little comedy.
'Project X' is probably the most persuasive argument for retiring the 'found footage' genre.
The film's clumsy attempts to give its characters some emotional depth feel tacked-on and disingenuous.
...substituting crudity and shock value for intelligence and wit, this seems to encourage impressionable youth to engage in deplorable behavior.
( ... ) puts the X firmly into eXcess.
4:30pm 1 March 2012, the time a I saw the film industry and possibly humankind, hit a brand new low with Project X. A film so bad it doesn't deserve to be called a film or be allowed a release anywhere inside our solar system - including Pluto.
A found footage film. Wow...original.
"Hangover" for the high school crowd that sends absurd messages about underage drinking, drug use and sexual activity.
The script plays like what you'd get if you put Animal House, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, House Party, Risky Business and Superbad in a blender.
It's sick. It's vile. It's deeply unpleasant.
Crude, repetitive and offensive, propelling the R-rated teen sex comedy cycle.
We wonder how they and the movie can possibly pull off a party so deranged we'll totally wish we were there, taking our clothes off.
Nothing is remotely attractive about this film. Not even the title is original.
This is a film desperately in need of a McLovin. Also, jokes would help. And comedic chemistry between the actors. And an ending that isn't a bolted-on cop-out. Save yourselves. It's too late for me.
Project X takes a standard parental nightmare and blows it up to such an outrageous, ruinous, cataclysmic degree that any parent who catches a glimpse of the film will never dare leave their house unattended again.
follows the expected tropes for this kind of story, and yet it is a film that somehow manages to be both raunchy and sweet, profane yet endearing
Just as with the wild party at the center of the film, Project X spirals out of control.
The 'narrative' scenes between Project X's three unknown leads feel like weird, boring interludes in the midst of a reasonably exciting 90-minute music video.
It's the party you've only dreamed about, the tagline says. And if you were 17 years old again, you might be inclined to agree.
Officially classified MA15+, it should really be IM18- (suitable for immature audience under 18) ... I can't even defend the film on the grounds that it succeeds at its own intent, because it has no intent - it has nothing to say
Brain trust behind this abomination wants you to think of it as a game-changer, the Ben-Hur of house party movies ... It's a desperate amalgam of every teen sex farce from Animal House to Superbad
It is to teen-party films what booting and rallying is to actual partying: Binge. Purge. Repeat, over and over, until a nail-in-the-skull hangover forces you to question whether what seemed fun at the time was really worth it.
As the movie goes on and the party rages harder, the images become more and more primal, like half-glimpsed snippets of a nightmare experienced through a drunken fog.
The movie has all the heft of a tweet, but Philips has made it look pimp and, until the police end the party, Project X really is a riot.
Seriously sick, in the good way.
When you start making negative comparisons to films like Porky's, you know a film has problems.
It's an all no-name cast of actors and actresses, culled from the depths of Craigslist.
Like cameraman Dax, we're the only sober one at the party, and it's not much fun.
One guilty pleasure, mindless escapism that offers some mixed - and some unexpected - messages at the end that make for alarming but intriguing post-viewing debate.
Ultimately, Project X is an example of why gimmicks rarely work, especially once the new shine has worn off.
So, is this merely an extreme teenage version of The Hangover, or is it another sign of the end of civilization as we know it?
What's alarming, and a little sad, is that Project X wasn't made by teenagers but by grown-ups.
Not to stoop to hyperbole, but Project X might very well be the worst movie ever made in the entire history of cinema.
Project X flops, principally because its characters basically have a great time partying. There's no real danger, or regret, just bacchanal.
This movie is a celebration of youthful abandon. It's about that magical time in life when you realize that you are old enough to do anything you want, but before you're smart enough to understand that you shouldn't.
There's no worthwhile character development or underlying warmth to counteract the relentless sleaze and vulgarity, which isn't clever or funny on its own.
Never supplies a reason to care about anything happening onscreen, laboring through conventional acts of misbehavior with a pronounced mean-spiritedness that makes the entire picture unsavory instead of cheerfully celebratory.
A monumental act of stupidity and vapidness.
"Project X" bears a cravenly piggish attitude toward rewarding socially unacceptable behavior that feels unseemly rather than exciting, so-what rather than so-funny and obvious instead of new.
"There's a midget in the oven!" is about as inspired as the dialogue and set pieces get in this queasy-making entertainment about a 17-year-old dude's birthday bacchanalia.
With no narrative drive, characters to care about or stakes of any kind, Project X is so busy celebrating its own debauchery it never manages to make any of it look very fun or exciting. Who knew kids these days could be both so uninhibited and so boring?
Project X is the geeky teenage guy's ultimate fantasy gone insane.
Project X. Sounds like a horror story. In a way, it is. This is a teen partying movie on steroids.
With its generic title and underdeveloped mash-up of genre clichés and trademark Joel Silver flame-ups, this desperately conceived party feels tired.
Considering the price of movie tickets these days, it's hard to justify recommending this over a Girls Gone Wild video for approximately the same content.
Reviewing a movie like "Project X" is like evaluating somebody's proficiency at beer pong. The players aren't trying very hard, and nobody cares about the score, so what's the point?
Project X ... as in X-citing? X-rated? Uh, no ... presenting Project X-crement.
The parent and homeowner in me were appalled by the debauchery and incredible property damage. The teenage boy in me couldn't help but smirk anyway.
It's not for everybody, but if you ever wondered what Risky Business would have felt like without the glossy cinematography and Tangerine Dream score, you'll be very pleasantly surprised.
If I were 14 years old, I'd think 'Project X' was the greatest movie I'd ever seen. At 36, let's just say I have some reservations.
With its cast of unfamiliar faces and catalog of underage wish-fulfillment fantasies, this game-changing instant classic will doubtless inspire imitators.
These kids apparently attend Actress-Model High School, where the guys run the gamut from hot to dorky, but practically every female is skinny, stacked and ready to flash their racks to apparently dozens of video cameras.
Considering that good comedies seem to be few and far between this winter, you could do worse.
Can't really think of more to do than have a big party, so there are lots of grinding dances, DJs, boozing, drugs, making out and topless women in the swimming pool. Every once in a while someone throws up.
Where is the twerp from "We Need to Talk About Kevin" when you need him?
An exhausting, politically incorrect romp that revisits every cliche of the hormonal teenage comedy.
As party porn goes, "Project X" has its moments. In terms of drama, character or intelligence, it's pure bong water.
A pleasant waste of time about beer, babes and, ahhh, throwing that monster party.
It's a perfectly lame movie that speaks intriguingly to the way we live now.
There is no way you could make this movie stupider or more pointlessly noisy than it already is.
A thin, painfully overlong comedy about an out-of-control party thrown by a trio of high-school losers.
Teens Gone Wild: Extreme Edition
Halfway through this movie I thought I was giving it an F, but then...
Pasadena, in case you were wondering, is where the meaning of the word "epic" goes to die.
A funny combination of "Risky Business" and "Superbad," "Project X" is a fond look at high school parties and the people that attend them.
As much as 'Project X' tries to be an example of extreme cinema, it's a pretty uninspired movie with personalities that you never really root for. (Content Review for Parents also available)
...a stupid, badly made film about a high school party gone out-of-control that treats nearly all of its female characters as masturbatory aids.
The movie lacks that feeling of reckless joy, instead giving itself over to an attitude of anarchistic abandon. It's a joyless ride into chaos.
Classless, mean-spirited, repugnant, deplorable, off-puttingly sleazy, and thoroughly contemptible.
In Project X the central trio are celebrated for their achievements, and considering how mean-spirited this movie is it leaves an unpleasant taste in the mouth.
I don't know what's more disturbing: that a movie with this kind of message was made, or that some of the audience actually enjoyed it.
[It] feeds I Love the '80s clichés through a kind of bobbing-camera Mixmaster. It's Can't Hardly Wait for the age of Jersey Shore.
The "Animal House" of the iPhone generation? Could be. Pretty enjoyable for parents too.
A good movie? No, but it isn't trying to be. 'Project X' is an experience and while it's certainly not for everyone, if you dream of attending the wildest party ever, it'll suffice.
It's a defiantly anarchic, unexpectedly poignant updating of the late, great John Hughes emo-fueled teen anthems, retooled for the age of anxiety and adulthood in distress.
An unapologetic and breathlessly amoral cinematic debauch about a California high school kid whose parents leave town and who throws an out-of-control, alcohol-soaked, drug-fueled, sex-crazed, jiggling-naked-breast-filled suburban bacchanal.
[It] would be every parent's worst nightmare if it weren't so inane.
It's going to make you angry, disgusted, and a tad bit queasy
Witless, charmless, teen twaddle. Let's take all prints off the film, and bury them. Don't bother marking the spot with an X.
If you're proudly in touch with your inner idiot, you may find yourself pumping your fist.
The movie is ugly in both its look and outlook. It aims for the bottom and hits the bulls-eye.
Have teenagers always been this idiotic or does Project X move the goalposts?
The scale of the debauchery is impressive, the comedy significantly less so.
Obviously aimed at the 'Superbad' crowd, but it's really just super bad in every sense.
Lively and gives you a sense of being at the party, but with no plot or character development. Fortunately it's the best party ever.
This is a music video, a commercial, a deluxe MySpace page, with knockoffs of the boys from "Superbad.''
jumps on the found footage bandwagon, so recently exploited with freshness and originality in the high school set "Chronicle," with all the relevance of a "Girls Gone Wild" video. And it gets worse.
A party disaster movie targeted at kids who find the Hangover franchise too sophisticated.
"Project X" depicts bad behavior compulsively, and ends weakly.
"Project X" grows repetitive and starts running out of steam, and you begin to wonder what could possibly occur over the remaining 30 minutes or so.
"Project X" is "Animal House" for the YouTube generation - that is, if "Animal House" actually was about torturing animals while innocent bystanders got tased, all without ever being, you know, funny.
Just because a film's humor is intentionally juvenile doesn't mean the film itself must be juvenile.
The only people likely to buy into the oh-so-shocking exploits of the teen comedy "Project X" are those who can't get invited to their own high school parties.
If you're still young enough to see in the sunrise on a cocktail of pills, booze and delirium - or old enough to have survived a few - this is one party you'll wish you'd been at.
Pandering shamelessly to 15-year-old boys, it's sexist, obnoxious and, unlike the superior Superbad, mean-spirited - especially if you're a dog or a dwarf.
Flamboyantly loathsome on every imaginable level, and a great many unimaginable ones besides.
Awesomeness seems to be the chief quality prized by both the film and its characters; all other considerations-like safety, property damage, and especially good taste-are secondary.
A disappointing directing debut, this is a predictable genre item about a chaotic (what else?) party; too bad the gifted Phillips didn't exercise strong authority as producer.
It is not normal adolescent rebellion depicted here: it is sociopathic insurrection. It's an orgy of destruction that is meant to be cool... It's a celebration of colossal adolescent idiocy as something we should all aspire to...
Clever, brilliantly shot, and dropdown funny, Project X delivers the raunchy goods in spades.
Project X isn't just a party; it's an experience. It will amuse, excite, sicken and exhaust you.
This house party quickly gets to the stage where you're siding with the angry neighbours wanting to shut the thing down.
It raised my moral outrage heckles in ways I didn't think possible.
There's a lot to dislike about Project X.
If this party were to take place in Damascus, Assad would run for his life.
Project X "dares" you to find it offensive; however, no one could possibly mistake it for a provocative movie-of-the-moment, excluding perhaps any viewer who also considers LMFAO music videos among the wittiest and most subversive works of art around
The whole thing is chaotic and crazy, but it's also fairly predictable.
The documentary conceit doesn't really work, the central message is utterly bogus and it's ultimately let down by some appalling misogyny and a deeply unlikeable central character.
It's not long before the utter relentlessness of the whole thing becomes exhausting.
Like the weaker cousin of Superbad.
Beneath its raunchy veneer, the movie is so noble and good-hearted that even the dog gets laid before the night is out. Twice.
[VIDEO] Be grateful for "Project X." It is a ribald romp for those audience members who require its healing qualities.
'Project X' is a John Hughes movie from the '80s, right down to its final shot, but it's wrapped in a level of chaos and decadence that sums up the career of producer Todd Phillips with a gleeful degree of anarchy.

@highlight

Unoriginal, unfunny, and all-around unattractive, Project X mines the depths of the teen movie and found-footage genres for 87 minutes of predictably mean-spirited debauchery.