Vin Diesel may have just resurrected another franchise.
B-movie glory is well-earned with this exXxhilarating, exXxciting, exXxceptionally entertaining feature. It's a v-indecent amount of fun.
There are enough crowd-pleasing moments to distract you from a predictable plot and departure from logic.
The outrageous cheek of the action sequences brings to mind Roger Moore-era Bond... they both share a relish for ridiculous gadgets. Moore's 007 had a car that turned into a submarine; Xander has a motorbike that transforms into a jet ski.
Do you think a guy like [Vin] Diesel would ever allow himself to remark, on camera, that he's getting too old for this?
The warmth you feel traveling down your spine as you watch is nothing to worry about. It's just brain melt, and you won't need the organ to survive a screening of the film.
If it isn't a crime to chop up the beautiful fight choreography of Donnie Yen into unintelligible ribbons, well, it ought to be.
A Sistine Chapel of transcendent stupidity.
xXx: Return of Xander Cage is - like Dragnet's Emil Muzz - big, bad and stupid-looking.
This story of risk-taking rebels is so afraid of offending moviegoers its plot has been calibrated to fit the theories of federal-government paranoiacs across the political spectrum, whether their concern is fascists or 'libtards.'
Vin Diesel reprises his role as the title character in this hopelessly underwhelming third xXx feature...
xXx began as Vin Diesel's answer to James Bond. Now it is his Mission: Impossible
It's sophomoric and occasionally slapdash, but also quite entertaining.
Unimaginative, uninspired and unentertaining, xXx: Return of Xander Cage is a film no one was waiting for, and one there's no reason to pony up theater ticket prices for.
A kind of movie you will watch on a Sunday, with many flaws but entertaining, and it seems that its magic lies in being a product of entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
While director DJ Caruso (Eagle Eye) can tidy the action sequences he can't do a great deal with his leading man, whose woodenness here extends to heady philosophising and seductive encouragement.
There's nothing mind-blowing or exceptional about The Return of Xander Cage, but it's certainly above the standard quota of January movies.
Somehow this off-brand Fast and Furious makes Vin Diesel's flagship franchise feel restrained, intelligent and believable by comparison.
This is the perfect movie for the zero-attention-span generation.
It's a movie of trying-to-be-cool moments strung together to no purpose.
A loud, ridiculous laugh riot.
This is only slightly less dumb and nonsensical than the previous films, but it teems with thrilling action sequences and rollicking stunt work from the middle-aged Diesel and martial artist Donnie Yen.
Diesel lacks the screen presence of Arnold Schwarzenegger, an actor of limited talents who nevertheless epitomized the contemporary action hero in American popcorn cinema for two decades through the power of his sheer will.
Somehow, in some way that defies everything I knew to be true about humans, the planet and men who insist on wearing mottled, beige fur coats in warm climates, xXx: Return Of Xander Cage is great.
An explosive movie and that's about it. If you're looking for out-of-series stunts, explosions and characters taken to the limit, you will find it here. [Full review in Spanish]
Vin Diesel, the lord of The Fast and the Furious franchise, has just upped the mojo of his spy-thriller xXx sagas to a high-adrenalin stratosphere that will take action-film junkies to the land of nirvana.
Thankfully, it avoids tonal pitfalls with a good dose of 2016 post-irony, ramping up the extremity to a scale so ludicrous and grating -- neon-splattered title cards introduce many of the film's minor characters -- that it's clearly tongue-in-cheek.
This is a franchise movie that, having observed the limits of big-screen dopiness in two prior releases, seeks to push those boundaries past their breaking point and ascend new heights of metateXtual absurdity
Ridonculous
Even in the weak signal that is the January movie season, xXx: The Return of Xander Cage hardly registers.
With all the requisite explosions, chases and gunfights you'd want, Vin Diesel returns to revive yet another action franchise in a highly entertaining, deliriously preposterous crash-bam adventure.
Watching Diesel doing what he has made a career out of, albeit in an outlandish coat and in an adrenaline junkie Bond-type scenario, can't take xXx: Return of Xander Cage far.
An honest film in its intentions and an absolute nonsense that is so fun that meets expectations as well as its function to entertain. [Full review in Spanish]
The third film of this explosive franchise, doesn't have the qualities - nor the pretensions - of reinventing the tropes of action cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining film that follows a classic fast-paced action formula. Vin Diesel fans will enjoy it, as well as fans of the rest of the cast. [Full review in Spanish]
I'm aware that I don't belong to the target audience of this film, but the point is that I only found a very ridiculous film. [Full review in Spanish]
[This film] says nothing interesting about unenfranchised people's relationship to espionage and political power, only about Hollywood exploitation.
The plot is thin, the characters one-dimensional and the action non-stop.
Hardcore porn for action junkies, xXx: Return of Xander Cage should also get a rise out of more casual viewers burned out on Oscar bait and looking for a mindless time at the movies.
If it doesn't slap a big silly smile on your face, you may want to check your pulse.
Cage skis through a forest, leaps out of a crashing plane without a parachute and braves some of the most treacherously terrible lines of dialogue ever written.
The "Step Up" of spy movies.
The plot, with its multiple double-crosses and 'this group must somehow form a you-know-what' plot beats, could have been written on the back of a cocktail napkin.
Toward the end, the action becomes repetitive and tiresome, but there are pleasures to be had. Diesel is a terrific action star, in that he can give a movie a lift just by being there. Collette embraces the cold-blooded extremes of her role.
While it's a stretch to call the film a reaction to a Trump presidency, his ascension makes the film's rebellious spirit and multicultural flavour that much more appealing.
Make no mistake, this is a terrible movie that doesn't even try to make even a whiff of sense.
As long-in-coming sequels go, this one is far better than it has any right to be, and if it ends up being a hit I highly doubt we'll end up waiting another 15 years to see Xander Cage come back for another extreme adventure.
Diesel already has one blockbuster franchise built on explosions, nonsensical plotting and makeshift families; asking for another one is really pushing his luck.
This ridiculous but ridiculously entertaining film seems written by Mad Libs: Let's have Vin Diesel [action verb] in a [location completely unrelated to action verb].
The film's first hour is a misguided mess of montages and reams of exposition. The latter half, in which Cage and his band of mercenaries demonstrate their unwavering commitment to carnage, is marginally more tolerable.
A rollicking shot of adrenaline that's every bit as ludicrous as the word soup posing as its title.
t's fun and mostly inoffensive, never taking itself too seriously while it rewards its inexplicable fans. Better still, it makes every effort to borrow from the Fast series' latter-day push for more diverse heroes.
It's boring and silly, or silly and boring, but never, ever entertaining no matter how hard it tries.
Anything is possible, with cartoon physics on your side!
This franchise resurrection is so overloaded with high-octane and absolutely insane stunts that it should require helmet.
There isn't much point in reviewing a film that summarizes itself thusly: "Kick some ass, get the girl, and try to look dope while you're doing it." But a job's a job.
Distinguishes itself from the action pack by not pretending to be emotional or serious, even if it's a lot more willing to draw political blood.
For a film franchise that is, in the words of the late Roger Ebert, more "theatre of the absurd" than "action thriller," such political acuity makes The Return of Xander Cage that much more fun and hard-hitting.
'xXx: Return of Xander Cage' plays fast and furious, but not smart, with moviegoers.
Action-movie franchise returns with more extreme-sports stunts, lunk-headed espionage and Vin Diesel selling stupid to audiences who are inexplicably eager to gobble it up. Damn shame.
Silly CG Cheez Whiz action movie. But Vin Diesel is fun. Donnie Yen is even more fun.
The movie is not just giving you permission to turn off your brain; it's reaching into your head and flipping the switch for you.
xXx: Return of Xander Cage feels like a cynical miscalculation by Diesel to rip off his other franchise. The problem wasn't that Xander operated solo; the problem was Diesel and his monumental effort to be cool instead of endearing.
Awful acting, deliberately awful dialogue, packed with action, pitch perfect setting for Vin Diesel to be Vin Diesel. Definitely guilty pleasure.
xXx: Return of Xander Cage serves up all the expected over-the-top action, but it won't win the series any new fans due to various shortcomings.
Diesel, who is also a producer, figured the best way to bring xXx back and compete with stuff like Kingsman and his own Fast and Furious is to go full ludicrous.
Vin Diesel and his slacker daredevils battle agents who want to take over the world in a loud, pushy adventure just good enough for fans of the series.
Taking a page from the Fast and Furious series, which started out lackluster and then took off in the later entries, this jumpstarts the franchise and gives it new life.
For the sake of perspective, xXx 3 makes Suicide Squad look like Casablanca.
Look, XXX: Return of Xander Cage is bad. Is it too much to ask that the filmmakers simply acknowledge and embrace how bad it is?
xXxtreme plagiarism of all things 'Furious.'
Return of Xander Cage has no regard for the existence of "the top," so there's no time to care about going over it.
While Jaa's and Yen's martial arts virtuosity doesn't get the showcase it deserves in shaky action scenes full of quick cuts, Diesel's cruder charms result in a couple of brutally exciting moments good for a lowest common denominator thrill.
It plays like a surreal, demented, deranged and slightly perverted journey into Vin Diesel's current mindset.
Jam-packed with tedious, over-the-top action and testosterone-fueled machismo, Return of Xander is a throwback to a time when all action films were made for teenage boys.
All the one-line zingers in the world can't save Return of Xander Cage from its own moral confusion.
Big, dumb times call for big, dumb movies, and they don't come much bigger or dumber than "xXx: The Return of Xander Cage."
Left me deeply traumatized and suffering from injuries to my eardrums, my eyes, my mind, my soul, my aesthetic sensibility, and my sense of decency.
Super-secret agents, satellites falling out of the sky, Vin Diesel in a big fur coat - seriously, what is "XXX: The Return of Xander Cage" even about?
xXx: The Return of Xander Cage is simultaneously aggressively stupid and begrudgingly entertaining, a sequel that is filler for your brain.
Louder, dumber and even more cartoonish than the original-which is saying a lot-and you come out of it feeling as though you'd been trapped inside an explosion for a couple of hours.
Plays out like a bootlegged version of Fast and the Furious in xXx's clothing.
If watching Donnie Yen get barreled on a surf-bike is wrong, to hell with being right.
Its titular disregard for superfluous words like "The" betrays an absurd number of unnecessary characters with which it's overstuffed and thus rendered a poor man's "Fast Five." Although the series' worst, its dorky optimism is difficult to begrudge.
Rarely do five minutes elapse between some sort of laugh-out-loud absurdity, and the distinction between the film's intentional and unintentional comedy grows hazier as it goes.
Vin-ophiles will love it...but it's of limited appeal to anybody who didn't think the age of gender enlightenment was something that happened to other people.
[A] trashy action movie in the vein of the Fast and Furious franchise, which features the same star, Vin Diesel. Humans rather than vehicles do the daft stunts here, however.
These types of films are genetically engineered for sequels, but it's hard to think of anyone who would want to see more of this tosh.
Another globetrotting, action-fuelled burst of mayhem where all the focus is on the locations and daredevil stunts and nobody seems to have given a passing thought to the plot.
He still looks like a hard-boiled egg sitting on top of a fire hydrant.
Mindlessly entertaining and unashamedly shallow. It's a rush of pure adrenaline that's best experienced on the big screen.
This is not a film that subtly suggests anything, but one of the things it insists upon most loudly is that women who are approximately 45 percent of Diesel's age cannot keep their hands off him.
xXx: Return Of Xander Cage is very much an old person's idea of what they think young people want to watch.
xXx: Return of Xander Cage is more a real life action cartoon than anything else, but holy s*#t does it go for broke.
It's a true mission: impossible for this unwanted continuation, as the world of "xXx" died out a long time ago, making a restart pointless, especially one that plays more like a "Spy Hard" sequel than a stunt and attitude bonanza.
There's a new xXx crew of super spies, giving Diesel the opportunity to rejig his "We're family" mantra with "X takes care of its own." Somewhere in L.A., Xzibit's like "b****, please."
Diesel is ridiculous here: a puffy, lunk-headed James Bond pushing 50, garbling witless wisecracks through what sounds like a mouthful of Pop Rocks in the rare screen time he can grab from his obvious stunt doubles.
Collette's hamminess could work with more smartly executed stupidity, but Return of Xander Cage is too caught up in the details of getting xXx from A to B to revel in its absurd nature
Collette is reduced to glowering and spitting out every line like she's mad at her agent. And who can blame her?
Like its predecessors, this action sequel is heavy on stunts, noise, fights, shoot-outs, and the objectification of women -- but very light in the areas of writing or intelligence.
Outdated and idiotic.
Waif thin, scantily clad girls and chiseled dudes rain destruction on hapless baddies. xXx: Return of Xander Cage is an eye-candy action flick, pure and simple.
The movie's only real ambition is to give audiences exactly what they expect, and to that end it delivers.
The colorful cast of eclectic (and inclusive) action stars, along with some jaw-dropping action beats, makes this return to the Xander Zone a trip worth taking.
"xXx: Return of Xander Cage" is the movie equivalent of cotton candy: all empty calories. Excessive consumption of this product is likely to give a body the queasies.
It's all blam-blam-blam, biff-bang-pow and blah-blah-blah, with Diesel always physically dismantling or mentally undressing anyone not in his gang.
Diesel isn't quite 50 yet, and has very big arms, but we're still nearing Roger-Moore-in-A-View-to-a- Kill levels of barely dominating his own film: you feel sorry for the conspicuously agile stunt doubles who've had to shave all their hair off.
The action builds to such a relentless head that even the serious stakes of the film's motivation give way to pleasant vibes.
Cringe-inducing filler, with a few funny lines and a leading man who relentlessly nods back to the original.
Entertaining moments where explosions and car crashes make up the back-drop do exist, but they are tied together by a thinly veiled thing you would imagine the filmmaker would probably describe as a plot.
[A] chaotic, stunt-heavy and decidedly silly reprise of the action franchise MIA since 2005.
Only the release of a new Police Academy film could cause less excitement. But Vin, great ridiculous beefcake lunk that he is, does provide us with some fun.
Adrenaline junkies with Red Bull in their veins have plenty to chew on in Return of Xander Cage, which never lets logic get in the way of spectacle.
Vin Diesel's action packed scenes make the movie worth every penny.
It's hilarious and harmless fun.
We've seen all these stunts pulled before, and seen them done better, but there's some pleasure to be had here -- even if it's of the extremely guilty kind.
This is a popcorn movie that knows what it is and delivers the goods.
there's no time for such trifling issues as continuity and plausibility when the fate of the world is at stake
Short on thrills with action sequences that for the most part feel perfunctory, the return of xXx is a bit of a let down; it might please the fans but could be so much better.
This threequel thankfully shares some of the delightfully trashy action excesses of the late '90s and early 2000s that made the first film so fun. Yet it stops short of the manic sincerity which elevated that film's hilarious narrative leaps.
It's a different kind of beast; one of those rare films that could very well draw whoops and cheers from certain audiences, and at the same time, it's equally possible that it puts the rest to sleep.

@highlight

xXx: Return of Xander Cage should satisfy fans of the first two installments, but its preponderance of set pieces can't quite make up for a tired storyline that fails to take the franchise -- or action fans -- anywhere new.