American Honey is a great movie, or at least there's a great movie in there somewhere. But for some reason they decided to make this great movie and add then five billion things on top of it.
... yes, without a doubt, the film is too long, but it is also true that it is worth every minute of time invested. [Full review in Spanish]
Even if not everything works in Arnold's film, and the boldness that permeates it sometimes morphs into a feeling of arrogance, as often happens with what is perceived as cinematic daring, it's a work that stirs interest and also esteem.
It is best, perhaps, to enjoy the dynamic cinematography by Robbie Ryan, who brings colours to life with burning intensity; his night scenes, particularly.
American Honey is undeniably gorgeous. It's drenched in color; it drips with it like, yes, honey. In the center of it all is Sasha Lane as Star, just as bright (if not brighter), and impossible not to watch.
"American Honey" tries to approach its American subculture...with a naïveté flush with a sensual, free-flowing and empathetic appreciation of American vivacity.
Sasha Lane is fabulous as Star, an 18-year-old who runs away from her abusive, impoverished home. So, surprisingly, is Shia LaBeouf as Jake, leader of the itinerant group of young people she joins.
It's the strategic vaporousness of the entire enterprise-its canny refusal to be "about" anything except an immersion its own roiling, over-conscientiously detailed millennial milieu-that rankles.
American Honey allows Star to be frankly sexual in a way that women are rarely empowered to be in films.
Is it a good movie? It's a fascinating one, and that's close enough.
American Honey persistently tries to conjure "movie magic" moments, which might work if they weren't so predictable.
Arnold's camera moves through all this with an aching kind of intimacy. American Honey is a beautiful film that just might make you believe - but in what, you'll have to decide for yourself.
British writer-director Andrea Arnold's fourth feature is long, rambling, and unvarnished.
Though it may come off as Malick for hip-hop-loving millennials, Arnold's film is a surprisingly poignant experience, a sprawling yet intimate odyssey through Middle America, and a bracingly honest portrait of emerging adulthood.
A quirky road movie that explores the vast areas of unemployment and poverty in midwest US, precisely those regions that felt disfavored and ignored by Washington's power elites. [Full review in Spanish]
It sounds like a mess, yet this film is anything but -- Star's journey, hustling across an America split by the rich-poor divide, is the most lyrical trip you will experience in ages.
Sasha Lane's nuanced performance helps to make sense of Star's experience as they range between magical and the capitalist realities.
An electrifying endless of rudeness, detours, affective shortcuts and ogresque tenderness. [Full review in Spanish]
The film enjoys its moments of sweet hopelessness but at the end, in a sane way, this is a story of youthful hope. The US needs that as much as we all do.
A road movie about two youth who cope with wounded feeling function by seeking adventure on the road.
Star is a girl that grew up fast and [actress Sasha] Lane invests her with a mix of survivalist experience and emotional immaturity suddenly let loose without responsibility or oversight.
American Honey is 162 minute long Carpool Karaoke segment. To be fair, it's beautifully shot and the songs aren't half bad.
Ultimately, American Honey feels both over-scaled and under-cooked.
American Honey certainly looks pretty, but thanks to a meandering narrative, undeveloped characters, and a completely unforgiveable 162-minute runtime, it feels like nothing more than an extended collection of deleted scenes that adds up to very little.
A film where everything is disjointed in an eternal reiteration of the same. The style, in effect, kills. [Full review in Spanish]
In the decaying America that Andrea Arnold bears witness to, there are two currencies: sex and violence, constantly intersecting as the crew makes their way across a divided country.
A beautifully superficial skip through the poorest, dirtiest parts of the US from Andrea Arnold.
A perfect and sad summary of American life itself. It is a film that demands a lot, and which gives even more back.
As it traverses the hinterland, providing windows into various social classes, each of which is fair game for Krystal, American Honey becomes a kind of bitter allegory of the American Dream.
Lane is a find -- bruised, soft, dreamy, hopeful -- and the film is at its strongest exploring the erotic chemistry between her and LaBeouf.
A roadtrip where the camera of the British filmmaker portrays the characters with affection and intimacy, as if it were a documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
There are plenty of great things about American Honey, but when stretched out to an incomprehensibly epic length, it is hard to see it as anything other than wasted potential.
Such an absorbing experience - visually, aurally, atmospherically - that viewers who come along for the road trip may find themselves not minding the lack of destination.
A film that is valuable by the time it premiered: the year that Donald Trump was dignified by the white working class that Arnold portrayed with empathy. [Full review in Spanish]
A touching film with a luminosity and slightly sepia tones in the photography that assembles with the protagonist's free, sensitive and nostalgic spirit. [Full review in Spanish]
...has the whiff of sensationalism rather than the aroma of empathy.
American Honey could, admittedly, have used more than a few cuts itself, but you can see why Arnold didn't: this is a film about a journey, physical and figurative, without a destination and could never have been a tight 90 minutes.
This film is the definitive step in Arnold's career in her quest to poetize the social drama of our generation. [Full review in Spanish]
...certainly overheats (and overreaches) in ways that still feel in keeping with the hubris and volatility of youth.
For all its flaws, it's a strangely absorbing film.
There's potent, probing poetry in every shot, just as there is in every element of Star's ebbing, flowing life.
A film with which Arnold intends to restore some of benign dignity to America, in a rather innocent way, and also invigorating. [Full review in Spanish]
It's an exhilaratingly unconventional ride and benefits from a fearless central performance from Lane but eventually becomes as numbing as any long motorway journey.
A film that tries to portray the lost American generation. A roadtrip seems tireless, infinite, perhaps as the future of that lost generation.
American Honey...struck me as unbearably phony...Each scene is a provocation and an indictment, but the film's also an offense to the principles of cinéma vérité and social realism.
Straddled uncomfortably between the mythic and the particular until what started out as exhilarating becomes exhausting, it's a road movie that winds up driving in circles.
One of the year's best, by a long shot.
The film is much too long with occasional false notes -- overwrought scenes which strain credibility... But Lane, who's never acted before, gives an astonishingly complex and persuasive performance.
Most of the time, the characters feels as though they are one beat away from something awful happening. And this tension keeps us involved even when the pacing falters.
There is a whole lotta movie in American Honey. But not a movie as a whole.
...one of the best films of 2016.
As fresh and unexpected as its hypnotic star Sasha Lane, this seductive road movie with its serendipitous selection of songs to match emotional experiences, invites us into an intriguing and edgy reality which surprises at every turn
A star is born in Sasha Lane, and you're invited to go with her into writer-director Arnold's mesmerizing (and mostly credible) tale of Dickensian life in Wal-Mart America.
One of 2016's very best films, thick and intoxicating, whooshing and thumping like a subwoofer for the entirety of its lengthy running time.
You may not know who Andrea Arnold is, but she's a genius.
Arnold vividly captures the cocky ignorance and exuberant recklessness of kids who were never taught any better.
A road movie that refuses to go anywhere. It's big on atmosphere and art house clichés but fatally thin on plot.
American Honey is spellbinding, spell-breaking cinema, a honey trap for the senses too seductive to refuse.
At nearly three hours of nonstop braggadocio, bleakness, bravura camera moves and angry hip-hop, Andrea Arnold's American Honey was always destined to be a great cinematic polarizer. Personally, I was drunk on this crazy thing.
Within a glittering collage of soaring music, soft light and writhing bodies, this brilliant film draws the outline of a bleak economic landscape.
If an hour of this superfluous indulgence was shaved from the screenplay and more focus was applied, American Honey could have struck gold as a saga from the squalid outflow of the American dream.
Superb drama of aimless youth on the back roads of America captures the restlessness of a new generation in a movie as important now as Rebel Without A Cause was in its time.
Mixes the vérité grit of Ken Loach's sociopolitical parables with the awestruck natural beauty of Terrence Malick's rural cinematic dreams, all filtered through the eyes of an irrepressible heroine whose experiences are at once singular yet universal.
Kids just wanna have (all kinds of) fun, and director Andrea Arnold proves it in this long (2:38) road trip for a wild and raunchy bunch of so-called magazine sellers.
Do you enjoy bloated, repetitive and heavy-handed movies? If so, gorge yourself on American Honey, a coming-of-age film so drenched with simple metaphors about Americana that you expect it to leave a sticky residue.
Their freedom on the open road is a ramble, and so American Honey rambles, too. As it should. The movie's cumulative effect is what makes it such a stunning piece of work.
It gets to you. It's too long but the final scene is a quiet stunner. In its final minute, Arnold ends her film by proving to you in a virtuosic way just how you've come to care about her heroine Star.
With curiosity and compassion, this epic-length coming-of-age story looks at the hard corners of a splintered, dislocated America, but at the same time finds moving moments of beauty.
The result is a kind of existential, occasionally atmospheric diary kept by someone with little to say. The one cool thing about American Honey is the better movies it could inspire.
What emerges is a sprawling coming-of-age film that deliberately tempers the romanticism of the landscape with the rawness of a life lived tethered to the bottom rung of the societal ladder.
You could literally halve American Honey's 164-minute running time and absolutely nothing would change about the plot. Despite this, it's rather good.
Despite the arty flourishes and repetitions, this is a heady, intoxicating experience, interspersing the blurry hedonism of youth with jarring, sharply etched vignettes that remind us just how beautifully this director works with actors.
Arnold hasn't made a movie in the U.S. before, but you'd never know it. She has a wonderful eye for the flotsam and jetsam of American society, and for its blue-collar architecture of rundown trailer parks and decrepit motels.
The dreamy film has plaintive and poignant moments but it never justifies an excessive running time or arrives at any significant conclusion.
It's bold, captivating cinema, with a soundtrack that threatens to never leave your head.
At nearly three hours, "American Honey" is the most indulgent movie of the year, and the one in most need of a serious trim. It makes its point early on and then keeps repeating it until the honey turns sour.
There's no real plot to speak of, and as the film unfolds over nearly three hours, it becomes naggingly clear that there isn't much of a point.
American Honey will frustrate some but as a time capsule and ode to youthful energy, it's priceless.
The atmosphere of unstructured movement and youth stays with you. You almost want to jump aboard and start selling magazines.
Andrea Arnold's new film, American Honey, throbs with raw teenage hormones and sheer chutzpah in a 21st-century version of On the Road.
Writer-director Andrea Arnold artfully sets love against money and manages one of the best endings in recent memory.
American Honey is a revealing and kaleidoscopic look at a subculture of strivers and the sprawling, paradoxical nation that both nurtures and shuns them.
American Honey struck this viewer as Arnold's least impactful film to date, losing its moments of wonder and rapture amid an unvaryingly dreamy haze.
Arnold's enthralling film is less about plot and more about capturing - i.e. thrusting us into - the sensory experience of this young woman going to the brink, and coming into her own.
American Honey is a beautifully crafted film, and a good film, that possibly could have been a great film with the right editing.
Every corner of American Honey is crammed with colour, vitality and pulsing music. Though it is overlong at nearly three hours, the level of immersion in Star's adventures wouldn't have been as intense with a shorter film.
Even though it does require you to spend nearly three hours in a min-van with young people who turn up the music real loud, you will not, in fact, regret it.
Too long by at least an hour, American Honey is a movie that would have had more to say if it said less. It is ultimately like a Jim Jarmusch movie without a sense of humour.
Will infuriate those who like their movies tight and tidy but go along for the ride and this is wind-in-your-hair thrilling. A modern classic.
It's a little too long, but holds the attention thanks to Lane's charisma, Ryan's breathtaking cinematography and the dizzying power of young love.
Subtly scrappy, a rambling, often repetitive road picture, depicting a slice of Americana.
In the hands of British writer/director Andrea Arnold, one of the most talented women making movies today, the film has a lusty primal quality that is threatening and hard to resist.
More than the sum of its shaky-cam parts.
Like the youth culture it centers on, "American Honey" embraces episodic, wandering rawness that often resonates deeply and distinctively.
A pretentious bore...a rambling, repetitive road movie that purports to say something deep about the nation's youth and its class system.
But, even at its most obvious and ham-fisted, American Honey remains compelling, largely for Arnold's vividly verité, documentary-like cinematic style and a career-launching performance by Texan Sasha Lane who has never acted in a film before this.
Some may consider "American Honey" too long and more than a bit repetitive. But Arnold's not after a mere snapshot. Her aim is nothing less than a mural of contemporary American life.
American Honey is too restless and impatient to establish anything and instead rides high on an obviously fabricated atmosphere.
The movie grows into an epic in the Altman mode: a 163-minute celebration of the heightened ordinary, a dressed-down yet hopped-up Nashville, baring the lives and dreams of its characters as they bump or bang up against the everyday.
"American Honey" is a remarkable movie, which doesn't mean it's perfect - its imperfections, in fact, are what help make it so urgent, so vital, so real.
You could also argue that this almost intentionally exhausting film is too much of a good thing. But there's amazingly little of it you'd want to live without.
The result is meandering and shapeless, but it has a bracing authenticity that's tough to dismiss completely.
'American Honey' is a complex movie. Its subject matter is bleak and dark, yet the free-wheeling, optimistic spirit of the group keeps the movie grounded enough that some sunshine seeps in to give you hope for the future.
A searingly poetic tour of a land deliriously in thrall to its own myths of vast opportunity.
Often, it's bleak. But Arnold is not a nihilist. She shows the decent and kind side of everyday Americans, too, just when viewers might expect the worst.
It wears its nihilism on its tie-dye sleeve but it also has the beauty and power of a Terence Malick epic.
Fireflies make a dance of beautiful light, but their life is short. Some perish when touched. Like the disorderly children of Arnold's beautiful, generous work, we can only admire those luminescent, luminous instants.
At least a half-hour too long, but also daring and original.
Entrancing, evocative and a brilliant management of chaos. Sasha Lane is sensational. LaBeouf and Keough are mesmerizing.
An easy-going gem that is at times funny, at times heartbreaking, at times scary -- but always, unfailingly engaging.
While the film's essential shagginess may be an understandable turn-off to some, the way that Arnold captures these dead-end kids without a hint of a Larry Clark leer is strangely lovely and absorbing to behold.
Arnold remains a craftily intelligent filmmaker, and there's a lot more going on here than just a documentary-like overview of youth culture in the face of extreme poverty.
Somehow Arnold finds a stride that hits an endless-summer groove.
Its appeal is to the freedom and spiritedness of these characters' condition, and that ultimately comes across as a false sentiment.
Although at nearly three-hours Arnold probably could have been more concise, the film's rambling nature is part of its charm.
The boldness of Arnold's sweeping visual style and her uncanny command of mood and tone make American Honey a must-watch.
This film is the real deal. It will bring you into a world that exists parallel to yours, right outside your car window as you run errands on Main Street.
"[T]here are no boogeymen in fever dreams, only in nightmares."
Lane, whom Arnold discovered lounging on a Miami beach, recalls Jennifer Lawrence in Winter's Bone, balancing an inherent toughness with the fragility of girlhood.
Arnold embraces these kids from the social margins with sincere compassion, and her willingness to see them all as Star(s) is the film's saving grace.
American Honey may not be everyone's idea of a road trip, but it's certainly a car ride you wouldn't want to miss.
Like the inspiration for its title, there's a wild sweetness to the people - and maybe even to the land - depicted with such breathtaking honesty and raw beauty in "American Honey."
Vividly rendered but increasingly repetitive and aimless.
A sensual, rapturous road trip that captivates from start to finish.
Yes, it depicts teenagers doing things the grown-ups would rather not admit they actually do, but it does so with a poetic curiosity and a sense of what it's like to be young, poor, and rootless - both future-less and free.
What emerges is an empathetic, often harrowing depiction of life in the poorest crevices of the American heartland, a sometimes sweet, sometimes sickening exploration of places Hollywood usually reserves for mockery and derision.
Beautifully shot and pleasantly rambling.
The movie's empathetic power moves backward-it arises in retrospect and in the abstract, checking off its truthful and perceptive list of afflictions and responses.
Maybe this movie is a mess because America is too? Maybe there are better ways to spend your time?
Arnold's very strength-the mashup of grime and epiphany-is in danger of becoming a shtick.
It feels, like Arnold's work so often does, homemade, and I'm not sure whether they actually just popped a skeleton crew into a second van and followed the actors around the Midwest, but it feels like they did.
something magical...a slipstream of a movie, one which you hitch up to and get carried along in its glorious wake.
An anthem for a class of kids who've never been asked what their dreams are, and a transportive and transformative cinema experience for those of us who've never asked them.
Every trip through interchangeable Middle American burgs and hormonal exchange between the leads is given a grungy-but-gorgeous reverie treatment. This land is their land.
Juggalo Kerouac: A trailer trash road epic that explores what it means to be white trash in America and the creep sexuality underpinning it all.
The performances, whether from novices like the sensational Lane or professionals like LaBeouf, Keough, and Patton, are at once naturalistic and emotionally precise.
Andrea Arnold's phenomenal work captures that propulsive teenage trait as well as anything in years.
Even if a character doesn't know where she's headed, the artist should. Otherwise the story remains just as aimless as she -- and we remain just as lost.
"A bleak romance that shimmers with hope, a sensual and overlong odyssey that we smell just as surely as we feel.
A mesmerizing, heartbreaking, poetic, provocative and haunting experience. Patient and perceptive audiences will be rewarded the most.
The audacity of the thing is estimable.
However obvious it can sometimes be, it's not obvious how to process "American Honey." It lingers like an experience you actually lived.
Just when you think you know what's going to happen, the film serves up one more surprise.
Thanks to Lane's natural magnetism and the director Andrea Arnold's remarkable empathy for her subjects, it's required viewing.
American Honey's brazen modern take on sex, adolescence, and the American dream gone wrong is a challenge, but one that's ever so rewarding.
The camera races and races to keep this fast and furious young woman locked in its sights, turning her into an object of both pursuit and contemplation.
At 162 minutes, "American Honey" may test some viewers' patience, but for this one, it paid off with an unflinching portrait of middle America, a love letter to the open road and a dynamic newcomer in Sasha Lane.
This shimmering, raw, hip-hop hymnal of a film by Andrea Arnold is an American tale that is both gorgeously original and rooted in some of the greatest stories this country has ever produced.
For the most part it succeeds, gorgeously - though it will probably make anyone over 30 feel either mildly outraged or wildly irrelevant.
This coming-of-age tale is extra light on plot, but it has no shortage of energy or passion.
It probes the murk and terror beneath the surface of contemporary life, and illuminates the vital role of ignorance, poor judgment and wishful thinking in our national character.
Over and over, American Honey calls attention to how observant it is, rather than just being observant.
Plenty of recent films can claim Terrence Malick as an influence, but Arnold is one of the few filmmakers who takes that intuitive style in a fresh direction-who builds on it, rather than repeating its contemplative whispers.
It's a film of unforgettable images, but one that finds purpose within them, a film that understands the value of sensation and texture and place no matter where it wanders.
Most of American Honey sees Arnold either mounting vague attempts at naturalistic detail or satisfying more facile, disingenuous instincts.
Alive with the splendor of youth and the wandering sense of freedom that so many other road movies have tried and failed to harness.
American Honey is unapologetically sprawling, a buoyant, relaxed collection of loosely linked moments and a generously elongated tale about off-the-grid lives.
Lane is everything Arnold must have hoped she'd be. The longing is in her eyes, but her mouth, with its thick upper lip, suggests skepticism and a healthy self-possession.
This is a patchwork dystopia of white poverty whose facets are both difficult to deny and to prove exist precisely as depicted.
American Honey's loose plot, rambling pace, and lack of resolution inevitably will be maddening to some. But it's the only way this sprawling tale can be told; fittingly, American Honey goes on until it doesn't, just like every other summer.
Andrea Arnold's American Honey explores an America hidden amidst all the politics, and her at times frustrating film has moments of true beauty and grace.
The joy of American Honey is how easy, relaxed, and sprawling it feels.
When it comes to poverty, as in Fish Tank, it's not enough for Arnold to show her characters suffering its indignities. She has to rub our noses in it.
What sets American Honey apart is that it's genuinely hopeful. We're not just looking at a bunch of rootless and emotionally battered youth, but searching alongside them, not upwards but onwards, toward a happy place.
Ryan has found amazing depth and richness of colour and contrast in his journey across these states, from derelict shacks to palatial estates, oil fields to truck stops.
There's an overall sense of unimaginable freedom in Arnold's filmmaking. It's a vital, great movie that could probably use a trim.
It works best as a rowdy ensemble piece-sort of a co-ed, mobile, present-day version of Richard Linklater's Everybody Wants Some, examining the frayed bonds created among newly formed adults with few responsibilities.
A bold film, full of energy and spunk, but a patchy, half-formed, rambling one too.
For all its longueurs, it is a rich and rewarding reworking of the road movie genre -- a film that is as original as it is exasperating.
American Honey is an exhilaratingly unconventional, unjudgemental ride.
While some viewers may find the film's length (162 minutes) and a certain repetitiveness off-putting, it gives Arnold scope to capture the spontaneity and rawness of their lifestyle.
Utterly absorbing and intensely moving, writer-director Andrea Arnold's American Honey is one of those big, bold, swing-for-the-fences societal portraits that few filmmakers dare attempt.
Teeming with amazing shots there's no denying that Andrea Arnold has a wonderful eye - but these visual delights are not enough to hold this lengthy and ultimately tedious film together.
American Honey had it all to be a success, but its own reiteration, runtime (almost three hours) and cheesy, cool and picturesque look works against the final result. [Full review in Spanish]
It will make you drunk, it will make you giddy, it will make you high, and ... it will eventually make you tired, but even with the hangover, American Honey is a glorious mezcal bender.
It feels like American Honey didn't go through the editing process and feels like a first cut. Otherwise I can't imagine why we have so many scenes of the characters singing their favorite songs completely. [Full review in Spanish]
Arnold is a very creative director and what she made here in terms of immersion in a world is admirable. It's a shame that one ends up with the tired monotony caused by the movie. [Full review in Spanish]
The film contains powerful images and exudes physical and narrative energy, but it stretches too long and becomes tiring. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie's an enjoyable experience overall, but one that, like its characters, fails to get anywhere. [Full review in Spanish]
A spine-tingling and uplifting tale of untamed youth and rebellion.
At maybe half or a quarter of the length, American Honey might've gotten by on this surface-level vision.
edundant, far too long and stylistically misconceived, American Honey is a disappointing turn for Andrea Arnold and another bad movie from Shia LaBeouf.
Like the group that it portrays, American Honey is only superficially alternative.
This might be the freshest film about young people in America since Larry Clark's Kids from 1995.
It's constantly, engrossingly active, spinning and sparking and exploding in cycles like a Fourth of July catherine wheel.
A road movie without a map that nonetheless arrives at a worthwhile destination.
There's probably a stronger, tighter film in here, but fair game at least to Arnold in her commitment to following the winding back roads of filmic experiment rather than the well-mapped highway of storytelling.
It has style and its image and feel stayed with me.
What it most suggests is a big, sprawling triple album by a really good band. There are troughs and peaks. But the bagginess is part of the aesthetic.

@highlight

American Honey offers a refreshingly unconventional take on the coming-of-age drama whose narrative risks add up to a rewarding experience even if they don't all pay off.