People like me who are fans of sophomoric humor, it's a hoot.
A perennial problem with comedy from regular collaborators is that the results feel too much like friends' in-jokes.
Awesomely dumb slapstick is for teens and adults only.
The results are barely worth an illegal download.
What works, wonderfully, are the falls, the punch-outs (his brawls with Stepdad are brutal throw-downs) and waiting for that next accident to happen.
Oh, Napoleon Dynamite! What have you wrought? [Blu-ray]
...comedy is a subjective thing, and what makes one person laugh may simply bore someone else. Hod Rod bored me.
Hot Rod emerges as a daffy, dorky summer surprise, a silly comedy of non sequiturs that feels like a cockeyed collaboration between Will Ferrell and Mel Brooks.
...comes off as precisely the sort of silly and nonsensical piece of work that one might've expected...
Cell phones, the Internet, '80s fashion and '70s style are all thrown together for a winning combination.
It's a simple comedy that tries to be nothing but. At times it is simple hilarity, other times it's a little too "Napoleon Dynamite" for its own good.
It remains nothing more than the silliness of Napoleon Dynamite (only not nearly as offbeat) combined with the failed stunts of Jackass (only not nearly as dangerous to the star).
Prepare to be dazzled, we are told in the first few minutes, as fireworks are lit in eager anticipation. But the fireworks fizzle big time, as does this tedious, tired comedy that is short on appeal and laughs. Wacky and low-brow it is, but fun it ain't
Silly but funny.
Well worth checking out, then, if you like your comedy supremely silly, but ultimately memorable only as a series of great skits mixed in with some dead patches.
Dumb comedy in the Napoleon Dynamite mould with a better-than-average gag rate.
Though it's as disposable as a plastic razor, Hot Rod is not without a few good yuks.
If you're looking for plausibility, this is not your movie. If you're looking for laughs, this is not your movie. If you like seeing delusional overgrown adolescents fall down a lot, then this one's for you.
Here's a strange, hit-and-miss approach to the kind of movie in which Will Ferrell usually stars.
Through Hot Rod's manic weirdness, its take on young suburban males is completely authentic. It's the summer's happiest screen comedy.
Rod's painful, amateur stunts wouldn't look out of place on YouTube. The rest of Samberg's humour is rather more patchy.
More like Lukewarm Rod.
Samberg proves to be less than big screen-ready (hardly surprising, given his most notable SNL work has come in music video shorts and not any sketch work).
Even the funny bits are ruined by overemphasis.
Andy Samberg is tolerable in a 90-second Digital Short on Saturday Night Live, but very, very far from tolerable in a 90-minute feature film.
While certainly not on the same sub-level as the other SNL flicks, Hot Rod is more like 25% inspired weirdness and 75% recycled stuff.
Uneven but often funny.
"Hot Rod" suggests what "Napoleon Dynamite" might have looked like under the direction of Hal Needham
At times, "Hot Rod" seems to park itself on the viewer's head and refuse to budge until it gets a laugh. And it does, sometimes.
...cheap and clumsy...
We know from the Lazy Sunday bits Samberg's a funny guy, but he doesn't have enough to work with here.
Truly funny, even though most viewers (who are as much the movie's targets as the characters we see onscreen) just aren't going to get it.
There really is a fine line between clever and stupid, and the Hot Rod guys are on the wrong side of it.
Started to go bad about the time someone in casting said, "You know what? I'll bet America is just about ready for the comedy stylings of Sissy Spacek."
The movie may be a bizarre goof, but the effort -- second-hand material included -- is utterly sincere.
If this film somehow manages to become a hit it will be a bigger feat than ANYTHING this dumb dude tries on screen!
A silly, sputtering, goofball comedy gone gooey.
Samberg's debut feature shows real promise for the rising star, and though Hot Rod isn't for everyone, it is a nice reminder that a movie doesn't necessarily have to be good to be enjoyed.
It's sad when the most interesting part of a film is a dream sequence involving a large taco fighting an equally massive grilled cheese sandwich.
As messy and as playful as a box of puppies.
Blissfully liberated from logic and reason, it plays by its own twisted rules and, surprisingly, comes up a winner.
Samberg and Schaffer just didn't provide enough gas for this groaning moped of a movie, and it fizzles out before Rod even gets to the ramp.
Samberg can't carry this, though director Akiva Schaffer supplies some hilarious, Jackass-style wipeouts.
...hands-down the funniest, laugh till you cry and your cheeks hurt comedy of the year
Hot Rod is probably going to be like Billy Madison where it grows on me after multiple viewings.
Imagine a Stand by Me on wheels, with dialogue spoken by 20-something actors instead of 12-year-olds, and you have the essence of the script.
There's a pretty good chance you'll find at least some of it pretty funny.
There's something that seems almost important about this picture. The creators have harnessed everything that's good about YouTube, and translated it into a big-screen movie.
A perfect storm of absurdist sight gags and sketch-comedy consciousness. Somewhere in there is the wobbly shape of a story, which Schaffer and company stretch to its limits without entirely losing the movie's cartoonish premise.
Things that crack up these guys leave other people straight-faced. Some of the mugging and quirky line readings probably should have been excised.
So lazy and so void of even the most rudimentary sense of storytelling that it showers the viewer with contempt...I've never felt as abused by a filmmaker as I did in Hot Rod.
There is nothing remotely 'worthwhile' in this mix.
Most of the jokes either drag on endlessly or are cut short without a real punch line.
With a little help from his friends, [Samberg] has landed his jump with ease the first time on the ramp. Rod would love it. Hells yeah.
My dog has the common sense to know his limitations. But then he's probably got an IQ point or 50 on poor Andy, if Hot Rod is indicative of how deep the waters of Lake Samberg go.
A lasting problem with so many SNL-populated movies is the ingrown clubbiness of its humor -- the suggestion, whether overt or implied, that comedy is nothing more than a funny idea flogged to death by a fraternity of late-night wags.
Consistently laugh-aloud funny, a guilty chucklefest of ridiculous stunts, gleeful pummelings and questionable jokes that looks as if it were made by high school buddies who had a few weeks to kill.
Director Akiva Schaffer apparently thinks that by adding stupid stunts to the formula, Hot Rod also can attract the Jackass crowd.
It's funny pretty much all the way through, even in the final showdown between Rod and his stepdad. I have seen countless movie fights that stagger the imagination, but this one goes over the top and comes down on the other side.
Once again, something that might have been a faintly amusing sketch on Saturday Night Live -- maybe even a tolerable 30-minute short, had the writing been more clever -- gets tortured into the shape of a feature film.
You need to see Hot Rod just so you can say you were on the Danny McBride bandwagon a year early.
As a director, Schaffer has a cool, punchy style, but his full-length movie dead-ends. The flavor runs out.
You may enjoy the way Schaffer and Samberg prolong Rod's pratfalls to absurd length, but the pleasure fades because there's no skill to the slapstick, only glorified amateurism.
Ferociously stupid and often very funny.
The presence of a relatable hero would go a long way towards making this feel like a real movie rather than a collection of skits.
The movie moves well, doesn't overstay its welcome and has just enough absurd irreverence to maintain interest.
a fitfully funny comedy that's neither a must-see nor a must to avoid.
Hot Rod might be called the poor man's Eagle vs. Shark. Poor certainly describes the quality of the filmmaking.
The film steals one of the best laughs of Jon Heder's surprise 2004 hit, the scene where Napoleon nosedives over a bicycle jump, and stretches the gag into an 86-minute movie.
The film's low-key Wayne's World vibe takes it only so far. I laughed, then I wished it was funnier, then I just wished it would end.
A good time flick, one that didn't really blow me away, but featured a sweet loser chasing a cutie-pie chick with a number of laughs and a quick pace.
That the movie begins with Samberg barely managing to jump the bike off a curb, freeze-framing him in mid-hop while the retro graphics flash the title onscreen is pretty much all you need to know.
If you want to see the outcome of Rod's stunt jump wait for the video and skip to the end.
Chock-full of references to bad teen movies from the '80s and saturated with sarcasm, Hot Rod is a cheekily fun sendup of Gen X iconography.
Some hilarity does, in fact, ensue, but the laughs are interspersed with long stretches of dead air.
About half of the jokes in it made me laugh or at least giggle, while the other half of the jokes fell flat on their face. The movie is funny, but not consistently so.
[Samberg] falls a lot in Hot Rod, but this stuntman farce simply isn't worth falling for.
Hot Rod is a fresh, hip take on the Bumbling Idiot genre that made Will Ferrell a superstar, and Samberg throws himself into the role with an amiable mix of birthday-entertainer goofiness and klutzy bravado.
Hot Rod is further proof that the primary aspiration of the male SNL cast member is to make 90-minute sketch films about dense man-children who can't or refuse to grow up.
Hot Rod isn't so much a comedy as it is an exclusive clubhouse for those who define their existence by the articulation of their zany. It's a wild one, but not without its charms.
At least Hot Rod proves one thing: Even with the lowest expectations, it's possible to be disappointed.
You're either going to wet your pants laughing, or you're going to scratch your head and wonder if you're getting too old.
Hot Rod is pretty dumb, and a good half of its gags fall flat -- but homages to cheesy '80s cinema and television are worth a couple of chuckles.
Makes the biggest error a random, moronic, absurd comedy can make by trying too hard to be random, moronic, and absurd.
... a cousin to the comedies of Will Ferrell with a younger skew, a kooky '80s nostalgia... and a low-key amiability...
Samberg's fans may enjoy this comedy, but this outsider found it rather limp.
You can actually see the actors straining to figure out how to play this stuff.
Dementedly random moments make up for some of the more sluggish, thuggish elements.
A mashup of the random violence of Adam Sandler movies with the dimwittage of Will Ferrell's - and lacking the charms of both - Hot Rod never establishes its own personality.
Still, Hot Rod keeps a sweet tone that's filled with affection for its characters, and enough laughs to become this summer's most mildly recommendable comedy.
An oddball comedy that only seems to be funny for the people who made it. The audience, unfortunately, is left out on the joke.
Wait until the best parts pop up on YouTube.
Aims to be goofily anarchic...but it's sloppily written, lazily staged and annoyingly dumb...like a home movie slapped together by a bunch of half-addled bar pals.
Like a stuntman, Hot Rod is willing to screw up big time in its pursuit of total awesomeness.
There's no question Samberg has a future in movie comedy, but this caper amounts to a false start.
There are perhaps 10 to 15 minutes of good, gag-worthy material here stretched out to interminable lengths.
It isn't just throwing joke darts at a board in the hopes that a few stick. It's throwing them at the pool table, the bartender, your face, then dynamiting the wall to go after the building next door.
Here's a comedy with a Napoleon complex.
...just the sort of stuff an unapologetically idiotic comedy needs.
The absolute dregs of American comedy.
No one seems to have told the Lonely Island boys that the stakes are a little higher in features than they are in music videos, and that underlighted shots and sloppy editing are more distracting on the big screen than the TV monitor.
Andy Samberg falls down a lot in this high-concept, low-witted comedy.
Ultimately it's Samberg, whose youthful enthusiasm and infectious goofiness has been one of SNL's strongest assets of late, who makes the whole thing work.
The movie resorts to ripping off gags and jokes from other people and doesn't seem to be able to come up with anything on its own.
Samberg's penchant for subversively silly asides certainly hints that he's capable of being more than a Will Ferrell or Adam Sandler clone. Now he just needs to find a film that won't fall apart around him.
Silly at best, stupid at worst, and surprisingly unfunny overall, Hot Rod is a classic example of what's wrong with 'SNL.'
Those hoping for feature-length doses of Samberg's Lazy Sunday wit will have to settle for just plain lazy, as Hot Rod aims low and still manages to miss its target.

@highlight

A few funny scenes can't save the disjointed Hot Rod , which is too silly and sloppy to hold up.