Primeval is one of crummiest killer-beast flicks of all time. It actually makes the B.C.-shot giant-croc debacle Lake Placid look half-decent, but it sure the hell wasn't.
Primeval is a slick-looking movie that lacks the gritty goodness of old-fashioned exploitation and is too silly to take seriously as a mainstream thriller.
...a thoroughly awful, downright irritating piece of work...
The possibility of commentary is raised but it ultimately is glossed over with cliches and very little substance.
Laced with pseudoserious undertones, the movie makes "Anaconda" look like a modern-day classic.
Primeval walks a fine line between action, humor, and having half a conscience.
Less than the sum of its parts. There are too many small errors and lost opportunities, and it's just not scary. Even a B movie can't succeed when that's the case.
The subplot turns what might have been a fascinating true-life adventure into a lurid, stereotypical melodrama.
As it tries to be two things at once -- a gory monster movie and a dramatic social commentary -- what it mostly succeeds at is being dull and repetitive.
It's rough going when our heroes have us longing for the complexity of the riverboat crew from 'Anaconda.'
Primeval is bad, but it's never boring, and you can't say that about many of its peers.
Solidly well-told and breathtakingly shot.
Carrying a tracking device, the crocodile becomes visible on a beeping monitor, turning Gustave into a slightly higher-tech descendent of the crocodile who swallowed the clock in Peter Pan.
If the crocodile don't get you, the warlord will.
A silly, silly movie that takes itself way too seriously.
The only thing more offensive than the indecipherable action sequences in 'Primeval' (it looks like director Michael Katleman strapped to the camera to a Tilt-A-Whirl) is the movie's appalling attitude toward Africa.
The problem with this film is that it's not bad enough.
The sub-sub-Anaconda bottom-feeder Primeval makes the mistake of taking itself far too seriously; with its exploitative images of civil war and genocide, it's the Blood Diamond of 25-foot-killer-crocodile movies.
As if the point wasn't already enforced in Turistas, when you step off American soil you'll have to deal with other ethnicities trying to kill you.
Even in the realm of oversized animal movies, this is a singularly appalling effort.
Essentially Jaws moved to Africa.
Though the film's raison d'etre is the big croc, veteran genre screenwritering team John D. Brancato and Michael Ferris pin some boldly provocative thoughts on motor-mouthed Steven Johnson's sleeve.
For some insane reason, the makers of Primeval attempted to create a film that blends Anaconda with Hotel Rwanda, and they failed miserably.
The CGI wonks here have created a beaut ... Watching him clumsily gallumpf through the tall grass at top speed in search of vittles is worth a few bucks, at least.
If you're thinking Primeval is a Silence of the Lambs-type show about a serial killer, you're on the wrong path.
If Angelina Jolie ever desired to direct a rampaging killer crocodile film, I'm positive it would look a lot like this.
It's a tepid thriller, badly acted, badly shot (especially considering its exotic location), with inept croc scenes and a lot of people randomly gunning each other down.
Can't a killer-crocodile movie just be a killer-crocodile movie?
Veteran TV director Michael Katleman has crafted a perfectly serviceable -- and scary -- B-movie.
Primeval is one of several recent movies to bill itself as 'inspired by true events.' So was this review, though in both cases 'inspired' may be too strong a word.
How capturing an animal found in every zoo constitutes a scoop is beyond me, but when you expect the trio to be knee-deep in blood they are instead wading through politics.
In the end, broader messages get beaten down by genre.
A few more months in the computer workshop (and okay, the editing booth) could have done wonders for this wacky little movie.
while the real Gustave may have racked up 300 odd kills, this film is surely an even bigger, badder killer -- of brain cells.
Better than expected, if not quite good enough to recommend outside of maybe a late-night cable airing or a spin on DVD.
What a croc! Unsolicited advice to filmmakers: When making a monster movie, do not attempt to sell said film as a picture about a serial killer.
Director Michael Katleman, making his bigscreen debut after a couple decades' TV work, keeps the pacing tight, the acting straight-faced and the laughs mostly intentional (though Jones' one-liners occasionally fall flat).
Has one of the most misleading ad campaigns in recent memory, but works on a 'popcorn' level. Wait to rent it.
It's a pretty tasty bit of cinematic junk food.
With a little camp, this could have been fun.
Strangely self-serious, and without covering the prerequisites of top-shelf nastiness that contemporary horror requires, this giant crocodile movie turns out to be neither fish nor fowl.
Don't get attached to anybody, or anything. Poor actors. They took off to make a movie in Africa and all they got was a stinking, fake-blood-soaked t-shirt.
It's difficult to think of a worse horror movie than Primeval, partly because it's barely a horror movie at all.
If you have a taste for the blissfully awful, it might be worth renting when it hits video.
Primeval boasts a level of cheesiness that should well merit it a regular rotation on late-night cable.
In fact, the only thing Katleman does achieve is to make 90-plus minutes feel like two hours, and while that's not exactly a talent I'd put on a resume it is certainly some sort of a talent nonetheless.
Your basic Jaws of the Jungle sort of film.
Owing more to Jaws and Orca than Anaconda ... still suffers from the predictable formula issues that comes with its creature feature roots.
A mediocre, humorless, old-fashioned creature feature...hobbled by risible effects and a crude attempt at political relevance.
Primeawful





@highlight

Primeval is a low-quality horror film, which due to the inane political messages does not even qualify as campy fun.