It is as though Harris could not decide whether he was making the classic western of his boyhood dreams, or merely a pastiche of it. The result, falling somewhere between the two, ends up being neither here nor there.
Really, it's like watching three amigos passing the time of day in New Mexico while waiting for a call from Cronenberg.
A droll Western with an odd romantic triangle.
Old-fashioned Western features great performances.
old-fashioned but simple and effective entertainment
A dusty, old-fashioned Western with a dusty, old-fashioned vibe. You can all but smell the saddle soap as the story unfolds.
There's considerable pleasure in Appaloosa's respect for the undramatic. It doesn't go where you'd expect...
True, the film is a little long, and it loses momentum at one stage, but generally speaking this is a most enjoyable return to what was once the cinema's most popular genre.
Viggo Mortensen is a trustworthy ally in the project, an actor whose extraordinary range enables him to move his performance along the scale from 0 to 100 at will.
Wearing not only his actor's lawman hat, but also that of director and co-screenwriter, Ed Harris delivers a splendid film, filled with nuances, complexities and substance
Brush away the dust and you'll find a sense of nostalgia and romanticism about lost American values and altered social hierarchies.
Harris has made himself a reputation as a mark of quality...Like Pollack, Appaloosa has the best of both worlds, with Harris both in front of and behind the camera. [Blu-ray]
I give thanks for westerns. Every time they seem to be about to gasp their last, dusty breath, one comes along to give them a bit of renewed life. Bless it, the western genre will not die. Last year it was the excellent remake 3:10 to Yuma. This ye
Nothing new or groundbreaking here, just a lot of talented people coming together for a well-made and entertaining Western.
...provides enough variety to keep the heart, mind, and adrenaline on alert.
Uma produção correta e que prende a atenção especialmente graças à dinâmica entre Harris e Mortensen, mas que, no fim das contas, não exibe nada que a torne diferente do convencional.
A western bromance.
A terrific bread-and-butter Western.
Appaloosa is ideally suited for fans of the genre for whom quiet drama speaks as loud as big guns.
A better than average western in the Clint Eastwood tradition
Ed Harris' howler of a vanity piece.
The film's subtle humor and detailed character studies reflect careful attention to detail and superb craftsmanship.
No ordinary oater.
It was at times incredibly slow and even poorly edited, and I've never understood the appeal of Renee Zelwegger.
Ed Harris does it better than anybody.
A fine cast produces a surprisingly low-key outing. It sports a plot like a Western from 45 years ago, but pacing familiar from LONESOME DOVE.
Viggo Mortensen's brilliantly cool performance engenders enough good will to see "Appaloosa" through its pokey meandering to an intriguingly philosophical conclusion: a look at modern outsourcing, capitalism and progress through a Western prism.
A gentle, warmly human and quietly compelling western with a wry sense of humour and some engaging performances from a group of fine actors.
The first hour bored me nearly to tears, but I'm glad I stuck it out, since the last half hour is fresh, diverting and original in the context of a neo-Western. Or a neo anything.
It isn't a bad film, but the pacing drags it down to the level of just another horse opera when it could have been so much more.
The film is more trenchant character study than thrilling showdown, and it confounds as many generic expectations as it fulfills.
A welcome return to the roots of the western genre.
Appaloosa takes the traditional notion of a lone lawman fighting injustice and turns it successfully on its head.
Sometimes Appaloosa seems bent on exploiting the standard cliches of the western genre ...while at others it seems striving to be a modernist update full of ambiguity ...
For those of you who yearn for Westerns like "3:10 to Yuma" and "Tombstone," here's another one you should reach for.
The chemistry of Ed Harris and Viggo Mortensen makes 'Appaloosa' a huge film in the way it gets under your skin and into your heart.
Harris and Mortensen radiate a rugged integrity...
Very disappointing ---- I was so in the mood for a great western!
We just want the movie to ride off in the sunset to rest among all the other disappointing westerns in Boot Hill.
If it feels a bit like an old Howard Hawks western (no slacker with the subtext himself) -- that's not a bad thing.
Plays on conventions so smoothly that we're never distracted from the ride.
...so old-fashioned it even carries a troubling dose of old-fashioned sexism.
Zellweger's Allison zaps Virgil of his almost superhuman qualities and the film eventually becomes ordinary when the love of a woman interferes with the law.
It's a rousing, efficient western that is about the friendship of two men, just as much as it is about getting the bad guys.
Clearly not worried about modern action conventions, Harris' movie is a traditional Western in every sense of the word, and it seems weird to call it 'new' at all.
Harris' easy byplay with Mortensen, his economical dialogue and his stately camerawork of the New Mexico landscape combine for a smart, dynamic Western.
Ed Harris' labor of love is a welcome return to the classic westerns of yore.
Appaloosa is firmly grounded in genre orthodoxy even as it teases at the edges of nonconformity. The results are decidedly mixed.
Dialogue, much of it lifted straight from Parker's novel, proves mostly engaging.
It's deliberately paced, but this non-Western-fan loved it.
Harris displays a quiet, unshowy confidence and a genuine fondness for the genre, capturing the horses and guns and saloon glasses in a soft, almost-sundown light.
Harris co-wrote, directed and stars in the film, which is filled with humor, action and clever turns.
Appaloosa carries a whiff of feminism. Or at least an awareness of what life was like for women on the frontier.
There's a refreshing vein of understated humor running throughout the production. It's neither forced nor unnatural and it keeps things from becoming too somber, even when the bullets start flying.
It lacks the substantial story that would make it memorable.
From its first, mournful brass theme, Ed Harris's Appaloosa nails the look and feel of a classic Western. This is an old-style, laconically macho, six-shooting horse opera made with an obvious and unapologetic love of the genre.
Emotionally Appaloosa shoots blanks.
After Appaloosa establishes its slightly modern characters in a traditional setting, it has nowhere to go but toward the completely expected.
Harris directs with a steady hand and sharp eye for the best in his fellow actors.
Mortensen should certainly do another western, soon. Preferably he should do one with a real sense of danger to go along with all the neat, tidy, highfalutin' honor and decency.
In its own quiet way it delivers the goods.
A warmly made, slightly offbeat movie about friendly devotion. It also happens to be a western, and every man in it is grizzled or wizened or both.
The movie brings back the danger and the humane humor of strong, silent men of action.
A suitable slow burn punctuated by sudden acts of violence; it fairly oozes off the screen like bloodied molasses, and then, heated, bubbles up and over, all smoke and fire and endless clouds of New Mexico dust.
'Appaloosa' might be described as a routine Western, except that in the moviegoing culture of 2008, there's nothing routine about the pleasures of a well-made and entertaining Western.
...a classy entry that's as much about the moral choices facing the characters as the horses and six guns.
Standard western finds comfort in its familiarity.
... a classical Western that invites us to savor no-nonsense camaraderie between two shootists for hire.
Quiet, contemplative and with an astonishing climax that spins the film on its head and gives it meaning and nuance I almost didn't see coming, this is a story of male friendship that's both stirring and powerful.
Filled with dusty light, craggy facial features and broad landscapes, it's a solid story that honors the traditions of the genre as it reworks them.
For its first hour or so, Appaloosa is a crisply paced pleasure, mostly thanks to the interplay between Harris and Mortensen.
Appaloosa is a familiar story told well enough that it's worth seeing, but won't truly linger for any but the most diehard Western fanatic.
With a cast and director like this, you would expect greatness. What you really should expect is a cup of coffee so you can stay awake.
I love a good western, so I am not very enamored with Appaloosa. I guess you can say I just want to be friends with it.
Hardly a fresh perspective on genre traditions, it's still got the performances and glorious landscapes to win you over.
A fine dramatic comedy with fresh characters, witty dialogue and a keen interest in how relationships must have developed among frontier folks, tyrannical ranchers, no-nonsense lawmen and -- oh, yes -- the complicated women on that frontier.
Actor turned filmmaker Ed Harris wants to go back to the days of simple sagebrush storytelling, and with one major exception, everything he does...is nothing short of brilliant.
Harris proves that there is still some life yet in a genre that has essentially been left for dead for nearly four decades at this point.
"Appaloosa" doesnt re-invent the Western, and thank goodness for that.
...one heck of a western, one that will join the ranks of "Unforgiven" and "3:10 to Yuma" as modern classics.
... a well-told, thoroughly enjoyable and refreshingly direct buddy Western, and that's more than enough.
Appaloosa is one of those movies that creeps up on you after the fact.
There is plenty of plot but not enough story. And the film unfolds in short scenes strung together that beg to be expanded into more detailed examinations of behavior.
[Harris's] performance as the usually quiet but quick-to-action gunman is terrific, and he's smart enough to leave much of the narration duties and such to the soft-spoken Mortensen.
Appaloosa is an archetypal western with touches of the modern buddy comedy. Though it falls short of these classics, it is a little bit Destry Rides Again and a little bit more Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
Vastly entertaining in the old-fashioned ways: fun story, fun characters, fun everything.
What is seductive about Appaloosa is its easygoing rhythm.
Ambition is a great quality in a filmmaker, especially when it's realized. Yet there is something to be said for just telling a story, and with Appaloosa, Harris does a fine job of it.
Harris's adoration for the genre is clear, and his Appaloosa is a fine addition to a growing list of neo-westerns incorporating a respectful tone, ideal aim of violence, and heartfelt observation all in the same breath.
Takes the old western conventions and juggles them in very odd but mostly satisfying ways.
With Wayne's gruff arrogance, Eastwood's squinting revenge eyes and Stewart's ambling cool, Harris carves a daunting figure.
Ed Harris, working from a Robert Parker novel, has crafted a meticulously detailed, newfangled old-fashioned morality tale of hard men who go soft when a woman comes between them.
This is an honest tale of the camaraderie between a pair of lawmen simply trying to do a job.
These days, westerns are a dying breed, uncommonly found in multiplexes. Appaloosa is the latest reason why.
The best western since 3:10 to Yuma, which is to say it's a western.
While there's nothing particularly original about the plot, the characters and the way they interact with each other are strikingly played
Enjoyable, frequently offbeat western with an intriguing script and terrific performances from Harris and Mortensen.
This, though, is not so much a comedy as a western with the ironic undertones that someone like Hawks would appreciate while telling a story such as Rio Bravo.
The plot is engaging enough but this is best viewed as a buddy movie with a dynamite duo at its core.
Too much romance makes the movie sag near the end and the plot could have gone in a more interesting direction. But if you are wild about Westerns, saddle up for Appaloosa.
In all, it's a magnificent ride and certainly one of the finest films of the year.
If a western is going to be this slow, it needs to have a lot more tension, and deeper meaning, than this one.
A classics-steeped western that rams home tradition over reinvention, Appaloosa kicks it hard as a buddy pic on horseback. Harris and Mortensen's study in laid-back companionship is the principal pleasure, leaving Zellweger mired in role that does her and
As comfortable as an old saddle and as sharp as an Apache arrow, this a Western for the modern era.
A pity that Harris's homage to westerns should be compromised so intrusively. For most of its length, in terms of its themes, pacing and visual sweep, it's a treat.
Photographed handsomely with wide-angled majesty, the film does precious little myth-making, though Harris subtly twists some of the genre's conventions.
This is no revisionist western designed to shock life into an unfashionable genre, rather a film that respects the conventions of the traditional western.
A western that moseys along in amiable style, largely thanks to the chemistry between Harris and Mortensen.
These are horse-opera fundamentals; having given them short shrift, the film just shuffles down its lonesome trail into the horizon and out of your memory.
Squinting Zellweger ruins it. I liked the hats.
In another era, Harris -- and Mortensen, for that matter -- would have already starred in several westerns. Harris should do more of them; only next time, much less carefully.
Can Ed Harris, of all people, save the Western for this generation?
Where the film lets you down is in the boundaries of the dramatic map which needs a more dynamic (and cinematic) driving force.
The various symbols never coalesce into metaphor so much as they stand stagnant and hollow at the edges of the frame.
In all, Appaloosa is good as far as it goes -- everything in it feels true -- but I wish that Harris had pushed his ideas further.
Appaloosa is entertaining, certainly, but it feels rather slight and feeble next to some of its more superior recent cohorts in the western genre.
Harris and Mortensen are out to get Irons, and their plan appears to be to talk him to death. It took a lot of stretching to get this to last for two hours.
A smart and funny script, highly entertaining from the first draw, Appaloosa is a taut, captivating tale of the old West with enough bite and modern edge to draw in both fans and non-devotees of the cowboy genre.
Jeremy Irons is miscast as the film's politically driven baddie, but the easy rapport between Harris and Mortensen more than compensates for the minor misstep.
The parts of it that work, work very well... so much so in fact that the parts which don't simply can't keep up.
Ed Harris and Viggo Mortensen have mastered the art of subtle communication, amplifying the believability of their relationship in this ruggedly male bonding tale.
Appaloosa has a solid enough opening, and it should be fun just to watch things play out, what with the shootouts, the trains, the swagger at gunpoint. But the script (co-written by Harris) is alternately dumb and lifeless.
Appaloosa will probably just ride off into the sunset without much of an impact, but it will sate your fix for horses, guns and slapping leather. You know, if you're into that sort of thing.
Mannered, episodic and slow.
It's a pleasure to watch such gifted actors interact in a classic genre.
It's both dull and preposterous, which neither Dean Semler's somberly handsome score nor Jeff Beals' pushy, cornball score does anything to ameliorate.
Harris follows his strong helming debut Pollock with a contribution to the western movie revival that looks and sounds like a classic.
Ed Harris has the kind of head that would look great on a coin, but it looks even better on a movie screen, as he turns his chiseled features this way and that.
Beautifully photographed by Dean Semler, Appaloosa is the best Western since Open Range and shows there's still life in this most unfashionable of genres.
Though the leads do fine work, their efforts often feel slightly futile.
It's unfortunate for everyone concerned, and for the film, that the train chugs into town one day.
Throughout, the repartee between Harris and Mortensen never feels less than broken-in and believable.
Luscious enough photography and fun to watch, "Appaloosa" brings nothing new to the table. As a collection of things that have been done before who will watch it over the originals?
Appaloosa shows a square jaw and a steely gaze, but also a smile and a wink.
The top-heavy plot takes over, and the picture makes a beeline back to tepid convention.
The bullets may not be comparable to the Yuma remake or Kevin Costner's underrated Open Range, but the men holding the guns are still the same. So what if they're just a little bit different?
too authentic to be populist, yet too familiar to transcend the genre and hang with the bona fide classics.
Bring back Hopalong Cassidy and Randolph Scott and you've got the making of a respectable horse opera.
Appaloosa is gripping entertainment that keeps springing surprises.
A satisfying journey that doesn't require too much examination, just an appreciation of the scenery and what it took to get by during this period of American history.
In the early going, Appaloosa does an efficient job of establishing the tense standoff between lawmen-for-hire Ed Harris and Viggo Mortensen, and a tyrannical rancher (an extravagantly sinister Jeremy Irons).
If you're someone who orders the usual and is just happy when it comes out warm and fresh, I reckon Appaloosa will sit with you just fine.
Crackling eccentric verbal wit as Harris' marshal seeks to 'button up this town tighter than a nun's corset' while overcome by Zellweger's irresistible flirty charms, because she 'chews her food nicely and even takes a bath before going to bed.
Appaloosa satisfies all its requirements but never breaks a sweat.
It could be said that Harris and his co-writer, Robert Knott, haven't done a whole lot of writing, but as Cole himself might say, there's no need to get all fancy with what's plain and true.
Appaloosa is a pleasingly spacious piece of work, but for all of its little tangles it never musters the kick of a psychological duel.
Appaloosa demonstrates a better sense of history than Paul Thomas Anderson's hysterical There Will Be Blood. But Harris isn't a good enough director; he loses the mythical air that drives home a great Western's point.
Ed Harris reunites with Viggo Mortensen, his co-star in A History of Violence, and the chemistry is easygoing and understated. But he should have left the direction to someone else.
It's high time for the western to be resuscitated as a genre; a picture that just pokes along amiably isn't enough to get the job done.
While he thankfully avoids the actor-filmmaker avenger fantasies of The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada, Harris doesn't have the genre chops to fill Appaloosa's empty spaces.
...modern in its playfulness while never seeming not of its period. Harris and Mortensen are good enough together to warrant another adventure.
When you're lookin for an Olde Time, pistol-wieldin', rootin', tootin' varmint, hire somebody other than Jeremy Irons. What is this--Bonanza Revisited?
It is the romance that sets Appaloosa apart.
A finely textured, riveting Western that marks a welcome return to a classic American genre. Bristles with violence and humanity
Old fashioned Western, a meditation on honor, courage and camaraderie, is well helmed and acted, but commercially, it might fall between the cracks: It's too grown-up for young viewers and too familiar as a psychological Western for adults.







@highlight

A traditional genre western, Appaloosa sets itself apart with smart psychology, an intriguing love triangle, and good chemistry between the leads.