The nursery rhyme names, lashings of ginger beer and a motorbike and sidecar trip to London ... would have liked it will have the killjoys claiming the film is seasoned to American taste but I found it utterly charming.
The magic is gone.
It's possible that it could come off as a little surprising, despite its predictable nature, if you haven't seen the first film. But even then, I think it would be rather obvious that the charm is missing.
An unfunny nanny who outstays her welcome.
Thompson brings a sly wit to some scenes, and her absence is felt when she leaves the screen time to the bickering children.
Nanny McPhee Returns establishes standard class differences between the country cousins and the city cousins -- even as both sets of children are in need of retraining by the daunting Nanny McPhee (Emma Thompson).
Almost defiantly old-fashioned. There is something charming about the idea that children will still go for this sort of thing.
Nanny McPhee Returns may not be the most original material, but compared to so much of the dim-bulb rubbish churned out for tots, it practically qualifies as enchanted.
Thompson spends much of Nanny McPhee Returns's interminable 109-minute runtime trying to set her homely titular heroine apart from Mary Poppins.
Noisy, forced and much less magical than Nanny McPhee I.
It's nice to see Nanny McPhee back again, even if she's every bit as scary as she was when she first appeared.
[W]hat sort of mind thinks this sort of material is children's entertainment?
The only performer to emerge without a professional scratch is Thompson, who as usual makes the most of her character, warts and all.
Poopy fun for the tots, but Maggie Smith deserves better
At least the A-list cast and crisp direction by TV vet Susanna White lift the film out of the dung heap.
A sweet-tempered film with characters it's possible to care about -- even while they pass through predictable situation after predictable situation.
Emma Thompson scores again as the ugly nanny made beautiful by good deeds
Nanny McPhee Returns is enjoyable for a lot longer than it's not, filled with class and charm that a lot of other children's films reject as unpalatable.
Thompson's brilliance can be seen all through this mostly kid-friendly tale.
Everything seems terribly bleak at first, but Nanny McPhee soon makes delightful, magical sights appear while she goes about 'fixing' things.
A bright, witty family movie that has the added attraction--rare nowadays--of not being in 3D.
Watching CGI critters do supposedly cute things (a bird constantly belching, pigs engaging in synchronized swimming) isn't exactly my cup of tea - English Breakfast, English Afternoon, or otherwise.
I found myself alternately charmed, amused, and moved by this story of wartime England ...
Pretty sweet, more funny than not, suspenseful if you're six years old and even kind of moving if you find yourself in the position of being the grown-up along for the ride.
Whimsical, heartwarming, and a tad bittersweet.
Nanny McPhee turns up like magic when you need her.
A delightful family movie, filled with frolicking farm animals, flying motorcycles and life lessons worth remembering.
the pedestrian direction from Susanna White relentlessly squeezes out all the charm and all the joy with a ruthlessness that is almost, but not quite, awe inspiring
One of those rare kids' movies that entertains both little ones and grownups.
That those blemishes begin to disappear each time her kids learn from her teachings offers a somewhat disturbing statement on the value of physical beauty.
Nanny McPhee shows up, she says, when she is needed but not wanted. As soon as she is wanted but not needed, she must go. So what does she do when you don't care one way or the other?
There's still a warm, British naturalism to Nanny McPhee Returns and an old-fashioned cheerfulness uncommon to most of today's kids movies.
The child actors are so funny that even the stalest jokes seem fresh.
Perhaps "Nanny McPhee Returns" is not quite as good as the first film, but it does manage to entertain, particularly those of us who wish to remain as childlike as possible.
I'm not trying to be condescending here, since this is much more of a kids' film than the original. There is just much less entertainment value than before for anyone over the age of ten.
The film may appear dated and a bit foreign to American children (at least judging by the lackluster response of the audience I watched it with).
Fantasy isn't as enchanting as original, but it's still fun.
An authentic fairy tale for kids with brains and imagination, Nanny McPhee Returns"serves up a flavorful mixture of magic and melancholy, barnyard humor and old-timey British idealism.
It can take a miracle to create a movie that's fun for kids and their parents. Luckily, Nanny McPhee has a little magic up her sleeve.
There's a charming little film struggling to get out of this nearly two-hour CGI extravaganza...
Rarely do sequels equal or exceed expectations, but this comedy does. Irreverent yet sweetly sentimental, it's a delightful late summer diversion.
In addition to starring in Returns, Thompson wrote the screenplay, and she did so with enormous respect for the imagination and resourcefulness of young moviegoers.
The real scene stealers in Nanny McPhee Returns are the child actors.
It still has charm, magic and Emma Thompson -- and that's more than you can say about a lot of family films.
Emma Thompson's Nanny McPhee is in fine form in her second comic outing for Universal.
Ultimately, the performances carry the film.
You've heard of 3-D, the latest box-office "sensation." Are you ready for Poo-D, the only way you can watch "Nanny McPhee Returns?" Bring wellies and goggles. It's going to get messy.
What we truly need as a society is an Aliens vs. Predators like extravaganza in which McPhee goes nanny-a-nanny against Mary Poppins.
Somewhat silly, yet genuinely sweet, often amusing and pleasantly diverting for everyone young and old. Please be sure to stick around after the end credits for a stinger.
The whole thing works beautifully. (Parental Review also Available)
The movie is very uneven in tone and in quality, with charming nonsense colliding with what appears to be devastating tragedy.
A wonderful adventure-farce, with a terrific script and performance by Emma Thompson, the music, color, CGI-created animals, cinematography, and message are magical.
One is always in good hands with Thompson, even in this kiddie franchise...for the kids, there's not only the sobering reminder that they're works in progress but also lots of...fairy-tale magic, with a touch of Babe's farm charm.
It is the kind of family-friendly enterprise children and adults can enjoy with equal ease, the final product both touching my heart and bringing a smile to my face neither of which I want to let go of.
In her own film, Nanny McPhee holds the impact of a day player.
Has a lighter spirit than its predecessor, but it arrives at the same warm and touching place.
May Nanny McPhee return again, very soon.
This sequel to 2006's Nanny McPhee is almost as charming as the first.
Thompson makes McPhee so alluring that her absence is always noticeable. You'll miss that face when it's gone, warts and all.
Thompson again wrote the screenplay, putting an emphasis on language, emotion and manners, qualities typically in short supply in movies geared toward families.
The ham-handed director was Susanna White, who intercuts compulsively, whether or not anything is happening.
This dour, hyperactive family film is joyless, overly busy and starchy. Worse, it pats itself on the back for doling out the most minimal of morals.
Thanks to star Emma Thompson's smart, appealing script, the mysterious babysitter with the grotesque face and no-nonsense ways once again delivers a welcome antidote to Disneyfied heroines.
The film boasts animal magnetism for kids and emotional resonance for adults.
I don't think Maggie Gyllenhaal has ever been as radiantly sexy as she is here as a harried mother trying to cope with five kids...
It's a not-completely unwelcome and not-completely terrible sequel, one that actually betters its predecessor.
smart, sophisticated, and sentimental
A sequel that's as good -- and, in some ways, better -- than the charmingly fluffy 2005 original.
The charm is decidedly strained in this overwrought, grating sequel to the original film.
We get a gentler, more wink-inclined Nanny McPhee, not to mention kids whose rambunctiousness seems manufactured rather than entertainingly exaggerated.
Gotta love Emma Thompson. Her Nanny McPhee persona? That's another story.
Comedy built on a bedrock of poo jokes, hairy moles, and gooey substances that stick to characters' shoes.
Thompson, unrecognizable for most of the movie, is impressively dour, a sort of Mary Poppins gone to seed.
If only we could set Nanny McPhee loose on, say, Jackie Chan's The Spy Next Door...
Too much of the contrasting comedy in Nanny McPhee Returns is shrill, laden with routine computer-generated effects and pounded into dust by James Newton Howard's shut-up-already musical score.
Far more grown up than most movies made for adults.
Sweet, sentimental, silly and star-studded, Nanny McPhee Returns is one of the best children's movies of the year, a fairytale stressed-out parents won't mind sharing with their little darlings.
It's an amusing, wonderfully arranged sequel that brands the character as a cinematic force to be reckoned with, hopefully for the few more adventures to come.
Nanny McPhee is back to teach unruly children a lesson -- and Hollywood a few things about making a proper family flick.
This is children's entertainment on the structural level of Roald Dahl and George Miller's great Babe: Pig in the City, even if the visuals rarely rise above polished and proficient.
The result of filmmakers who take seriously their job of cutting loose like kids.
It's merely a compendium of photocopied elements, cartoonish special effects, and easy-bake happily-ever-afters.
A vast improvement over the 2005 franchise introduction of co-writer/actress Emma Thompson's Mary-Poppinsish household savior, "Nanny McPhee Returns" finds modern-day resonance in its World War II era English setting.
Kid viewers will have fun with the references to barnyard poo, poo of all sorts, poo to reckon with.
If I had young children, this is definitely the kind of movie I would want them to watch, and the kind I would have enjoyed myself at that age.
A spoonful of sugar, a half-cup of schmaltz and some synchronized-swimming CGI piglets help the moral medicine go down a second time.
When it's not indulging in flying pigs or dodgy animated elephants, this is a vastly superior family film with first-rate acting from an excellent cast
A delightfully old fashioned and utterly charming movie that all the family will enjoy.
With flying pigs and magical nannying, this will charm children -- but it could have been a little more charming for adults.
This film has been done with such professionalism, it's a delight.
The director, Susanna White, comes from British television. She has invested the film with the look and feel of an old-fashioned storybook, while paying tribute to the enduring legend of the eccentricity of English village life.
Thompson's poise and charm always keep her supernanny away from being a poor Poppins clone.
I found it utterly charming.
This is smart, witty and beautifully crafted -- exactly what you want from a family film.
Writer/producer/star Emma Thompson resurrects the titular, magic-practising child-carer of her 2005 Mary Poppins-riffing hit for yet more old-fashioned, family-centric fun in this slightly improved sequel.
Despite its predictability, it's still a rather lovely, gentle kiddie romp.
Nanny McPhee is back -- and she still knows best.
The Big Bang will remind adults of all the films they used to devour when they were the sort of children to whom this will appeal to now.
The movie punches out broad entertainment for little kids effectively, and I predict excellent returns. But the only spark of real comedy was Bill Bailey's relaxed cameo as a local farmer with a reverence for the intellect of pigs.
It's a touch ragged in parts, but a real charmer.
It's hard to feel ill-disposed towards a family film that treats the children in the audience as intelligent citizens rather than just young consumers, and presents its child characters as complex people with contradictions, nuances and surprising traits.
Hardly any films are made that can be enjoyed whether you're three or 93. Sequels superior to the original are another rarity.
We spend two hours ankle-deep in slapstick, magic and what the farmyard-repelled posh boy calls "poo."
With acrobatic pigs, homespun wisdom and cross-generation humour, Nanny McPhee is a hugely entertaining family film to melt the stoniest of hearts and tickle the most callous toes.
Schmaltzy and twee to a heavenly degree, this is definitely not for the cynical, but small children will love it, especially the synchronised swimming piglets.
This is that rare case of a sequel that is better than the original.
Thompson is better-placed to pull off this trick than most writers, though subtlety is not the strong point of a film that gives us a Busby Berkeley water ballet with pigs and Dame Maggie Smith sitting down on a cowpat.
Any adults tagging along will also be pleasantly surprised by just how watchable the whole experience is.
It has entertainment value, but it's no classic -- and there's no need for a third outing.
Despite some cracking comic dialogue and memorable characters, some parts of the storyline are over-cooked, while others remain underdone.
Director Susanna White, surely one to watch, manages some disarming emotional grace notes under the circumstances.
It's an immensely likeable and very British comedy that makes some pertinent points about how families connect. A loud cheer for the big bang.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang is an emotionally engaging, pleasingly old-fashioned fantasy drama with a strong script and terrific performances. Highly recommended.
Let's hope the next one is as charming and pleasant as this.
Piglets proficient at synchronised swimming, a pen-kleptomaniac baby elephant and a black bird with excessive wind are some of the colourful ingredients in this heart-warming children's film




@highlight

Emma Thompson's second labor of love with the Nanny McPhee character actually improves on the first, delivering charming family fare with an excellent cast.