Steve Buscemi and Michael Pitt are easily the best odd couple the movies have seen since Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon.
Leaves us with the same old familiar and empty Hollywood storyline on the world of celebrity culture.
It's not as sharp as his indie gems from the mid-1990s, but the thing's packed with bright performances and unique characters, which is what DiCillo does best.
The film isn't as broadly funny as the previous DiCillo-Buscemi collaboration Living in Oblivion, but its outsiders peering in have an uncomfortable resonance.
Underwritten and overplayed, it is one that not even Buscemi fans will treasure.
DiCillo's themes are loyalty and friendship and betrayal and redemption.
DiCillo hasn't lost his gift for artfully skewering both those basking in fame's spotlight and those lurking in the shadows, while still finding a measure of affection for all of them.
For all its time-worn situations and observations, Delirious has a truth or two to impart about our lust for celebrities.
A victim of its own vitriol.
This satirical comedy is a connoisseur's delight, with Steve Buscemi in top form as the runt of a paparazzo who tries to exploit a homeless young man.
Mature paparazzi drama isn't quite in focus.
As always, Buscemi masters his portrayal of needy desperation, but he still makes Les admirable for his capacity to go with the flow.
DiCillo is ultimately grounded in the eccentric, awkward relationship
I just wish you'd get the chance to see it in a theater like I did, because if more people took the time to do so then maybe we might actually get more intelligently crafted relationship comedies like it.
With Delirious, writer-director Tom DiCillo has crafted a wonderfully giddy meditation on the nature of fame, the people who sell it and those doing the buying, and their mutually parasitic dependence on each other.
The jokes are sparse and predictable, and the storytelling is, too. But Buscemi and Gershon have great fun with their roles, and Pitt is strangely agreeable about the whole thing.
The movie is a provocative little pleasure, and the gleefully vile Buscemi and dreamy-eyed Pitt make a fine 21st-century odd couple.
DiCillo's spot-on writing -- and the exceptional performances by Buscemi and Pitt -- creates a touching and vivid friendship that stabilizes the film.
DiCillo finds comedy in the tragic, depth in the shallowness, and surprises in the cliché
A great romp with both Steve Buscemi and Michael Pitt having the time of their lives. Especially fun to see Pitt do something completely different.
Tom DiCillo's Delirious, from his own screenplay, presents a paparazzo's worm's-eye view of the ridiculous world of celebrity culture.
Delirious, by writer-director Tom DiCillo, has a special quality because it does not make paparazzi a target but a subject.
...it depends so consistently on plot contrivances and other movies (The King of Comedy,Midnight Cowboy, even All About Eve) that it often comes across as wannabe muckraking.
Someday, far in the future, a team of archeologists will dig up the black, wizened, still beating heart of New York City, and it will look exactly like Steve Buscemi.
In spite of the off-tone moments and thematic distractions, Delirious is engaging, intelligent and enjoyable.
A prickly look at the poisonous nature of celebrity and the unsavory subculture it breeds around the edges.
DiCillo gets at how celebrity culture can erode a person's dignity and self-worth, and Buscemi's performance strikes just the right note between unctuous bottom-feeder and loveable loser. It's unfortunate that the rest of the movie tends to get too glib.
It would be nice to see a sharp, funny, penetrating satire of the new, kicked-up culture of empty media fame, but Tom DiCillo's scattershot buddy movie Delirious isn't it.
There are some hilarious scenes here, and some moments so sad they'll make you wince.
A lark, a fairy tale, a tantalizing mix between John Scheslinger's much darker Midnight Cowboy and John Water's ultra sweet Pecker.
Short, sharp snapshot about celebrity and life on the fringe has nothing new to say, but it says it with considerable charm and affection.
At once chaotic, moody, outrageous, ridiculous and deeply tragic, Delirious reaches way beyond Buscemi's wacko rabbit hole excursion into the fetid, goofy shallow heart of celebrity glitz.
Buscemi makes this pathetic and potentially lethal shutterbug a figure of surprising humor and compassion.
Delirious is a funny, insightful, entertaining poke at celebrity culture that lands quite a few notches above the typical, New York-set ensemble indie.
It's an achingly funny film that is also a little sad around the edges.
The film's got some good, amusing moments and, perhaps, an insight or two into hanger-on psychology.
Too many different stories are vying for attention here, and none of them are very good.
There's enough retro modern social satire here to support the comical efforts of a talented cast adding layers of emotional nuance. Alison Lohman ("White Oleander") remains a rising star with yet another inspired performance that surprises and charms.
Delirious, is among DiCillo's best, and returns to the central theme of his career: the elusive and destructive nature of fame.
In the end, I don't know that Delirious has all that much to say about the fame game, but you'll laugh nonetheless.
The prickly camaraderie between Buscemi and Pitt puts Delirious back on track, abetted by a hilarious turn by Gina Gershon.
Despite some plot holes, Delirious hits the bull's-eye with razor-sharp performances and dialogue.
Tom DiCillo’s angry comedy Delirious subjects modern celebrity culture to a microscopic examination that shows the toxic virus of fame squirming under its lens.
The overall, overstressed tone is one of cynical whimsy meant to be incisively hard-hitting, but more often coming off as merely tiresome and abrasive.
Off beat in the best sense of the term; surprisingly successful with a theme that could easily have gone down the gully hole of corn; "Delirious" delivers.
Tom DiCillo's Delirious is a mild Midnight Cowboy, a minor King of Comedy, and mainly a vehicle for Steve Buscemi as a lower Manhattan-based paparazzo.
The movie is exhilarating in a way that only hard-won knowledge of the world can be.
A poignant satire of the national craze of celeb culture, with a touching buddy tale at its center, well played by Michael Pitt and particularly Steve Buscemi, who dominates every scene he's in.
With Delirious, Tom DiCillo puts our national obsession with fame under the magnifying glass, and what he spies is a bunch of people in desperate need of attention, approval, and friendship.
While Delirious doesn't have the sophistication of DiCillo's Living in Oblivion, nor the biting wit of The Real Blonde, it's still worth a look for those who enjoy the entertainment industry's POV.
One of those savvy, low-budget crowd-pleasers that arrive in local theaters only via film festivals like San Sebastian and Sundance.
Buscemi again proves himself one of our great character actors in the role of a paparazzo who feels regularly betrayed--by his parents, by the celebrities, and by a homeless kid he helps.
A high-energy rags-to-riches satire about a deranged New York paparazzo and a wannabe thesp, Delirious is hilarious.
No one is spared in this whip-smart comedy about the entertainment industry.
The story's surprises range from clever to annoying, but [director] DiCillo manages to hold it all together with his consistently amusing cast members, who make you laugh at their characters' self-absorbed folly.
Just when you're sure you know how Delirious is going to close, DiCillo comes up with a capper that's as satisfying as it is understated.
A joyously raucous, sexy, deliciously biting fable...Delirious is superbly entertaining and completely satisfying




@highlight

A funny, energetic satire of the paparazzi life and the entertainment industry, Delirious is another winner for indie helmer Tom DiCillo.