The best fun in watching "The Women" is rating who still looks good and whose rose has faded (Carrie Fisher is almost unrecognizable), and ogling the frocks and heels.
Ryan, Bening, Pinkett Smith and Messing play an unlikely foursome of friends, whose origins are never explained, who have nothing in common and no chemistry to speak of.
The 1930s original feels more cutting-edge than this re-do.
The cinematic equivalent of yoga-class muzak
This is the movie Diane English fought to get made the last 15 years?
an se pio sygkratimeno (pros harin prosomoiosis realismoy) aytoteles spin-off toy Sex and the City
The Women is not perfect, and the best way to enjoy it is as a showcase for some of the top female acting talent of the day.
...a spectacularly dull film.
Everything has been smoothed out to the point of tepidity.
The classic 1939 film adaptation... worth seeing again and again. This is not.
I love women in real life but at the movies I hated The Women.
A lazy film that makes the most obvious points about the war between the sexes and, as a result, makes the characters much less interesting than they might have been.
I'm afraid I could neither laugh at, nor take seriously, most of this movie.
Containing as much wisdom as it does wit, English's sparkling screenplay takes what was a fairly shallow story and creates a snapshot of modern (albeit wealthy) women's lives.
Even a dream cast has to have the right material to work with. As well as a filmmaker who can bring out the best in them.
Actually quite an acceptable, enjoyable midrange chick flick that hasn't quite deserved the critical drubbing it has received in the States.
If you don't take it seriously -- and I don't think it's meant to be taken seriously -- there is enjoyment to be had from these contemporary women.
Any film about a group of women -- friends or not -- gets my attention. Fireworks are guaranteed. Sure enough, Diane English makes her feature debut with a classic, filling it with a ripper cast, each of whom adds their weight in TNT to the detonations.
A juicy exploration of women's roles in the 21st century -- at work, at home and in the bedroom and although men figure in the storyline (natch), it is women-only who grace the screen. Three generations of them.
Meg Ryan is really good in this, but besides that THE WOMEN is a chick flick that's the very reason why guys hate them.
"The Women" is a grand old dame that shrugs off time as easily as signing a credit card receipt.
While The Women provides an evening of laughter and some points to ponder, relationships work only when all involved are willing to sacrifice for one another.
I feel bad for women that The Women is the kind of movie Hollywood makes for you.
English puts plenty of pithy one-liners in her characters' mouths, seemingly oblivious that the film's having-it-all feminist mantra was lapped by Ally McBeal and Sex & the City about a decade ago.
Not nearly as bad as I thought...but that's not saying much.
The most disappointing aspect of The Women is how few laughs it delivers.
It takes ovaries the size of Alaska to update a classic like George Cukor's 1939 catfight "The Women," but that's just what Diane English has done--and nobody should thank her for it.
No barbs, no bite, no passion; the claws stay sheathed and the film stays bland
They say that you can never have too much of a good thing, but in this case, there's so much talent and only so much time that most of the actresses are wasted in cameo roles.
A wrongheaded, glossy mediocrity -- a perfect companion piece to the summer's earlier offerings of Sex and the City and Mamma Mia!.
Fans of the original should alter their expectations while those who haven't experienced the verbal sparring between Russell, Crawford, Mary Boland, et al, should take in this new version first, if only to give it a fair shake.
While there are many ways in which it falls short of its predecessor the fact that it possesses, arguably, a more retrograde view of gender roles...is probably the most depressing.
There is no need for this film.
Shame on English for wasting an opportunity to make a modern-day classic.
You'll be looking at your watch for a merciful end.
Imperfect remake doesn't live up to the original.
The funniest thing about The Women is that Mick Jagger is one of the producers. There was a knowing laugh in the theatre as his name sprang up in the opening credits -- our last chance to laugh, as it turned out, for the next two hours.
This can't be what women want to watch. A film written, directed and starring all women completely misses the mark of embracing strong powerful independent women.
First time filmmaker Diane English (Murphy Brown) labored for over a decade to bring this project to the screen, but passion shouldn't be confused with vision.
As dull and maddening as a bad dose of PMT.
'The Women' entertained me much more than I expected it would, especially after seeing those dreadful previews.
Trite and boring portrait of rich and self-absorbed women.
Lame and saturated in the dour makeup of an afternoon soap opera, The Women is a transparent chick flick standing on its shaky high heels without much support.
It seems like cinematic sacrilege to compare Diane English's disappointing contemporary drivel with George Cukor's still-hilarious 1939 original.
Good performances and stylish direction can't disguise what The Women really is: a throwback to a simpler time when women were simple and everyone was happy about it
The picture's 14-year path to fruition should have taken a fifteenth in order to get the kinks in the script worked out.
Nothing more, but nothing less than just hilarious flat-out fun that manages to top 'Sex And The City' in every way imaginable.
This remake feels more like a Sex and the City knockoff than a reinvention of Cukor's classic.
(Director Diane) English has completely missed the original movie's most distinctive element: its wicked wit. As a result, she's transformed The Women from a catty blast into a declawed exercise in smug self-entitlement.
Please Hollywood: write truthfully for us, and from the heart. It's what Carrie Bradshaw would do.
English seems to confuse empowerment with narcissism.
One of the worst movies I've ever seen.
In the end, English just wants to make a nice chick flick with some sassy lines. Genuine nastiness has been eliminated, while not-very-funny banter is retained.
In 1939, it [dialogue] was hip and maybe even scandalous...That type of talk and the behavior of these characters crossed the oldie-moldy line somewhere in the early 1970s.
Though aspects of the 1939 comedy seem silly and shrill now, they were at least consistently entertaining. Where the original was deliciously loopy and melodramatic fun, this one is watered-down, sappy and earnest.
How do I hate thee? Let me count the ways...
What was then snappy dialogue from meowing madams acting out a morality play on everything that stinks about haute society now flaccidly flaps, lost in translation from old world to new.
A mess.
While the actors do what they can, too many characters come off as concepts, not people.
Even those who never saw Cukor's movie will feel something is missing in English's version. Yes, some of what's missing is humor and snappy dialogue, but that could be forgiven, if only some of the characters were more believable.
You go, girls. Preferably as far away as possible.
English has shown herself to be an adept, perceptive, and at times funny writer, but too little of that is on display here.
This is a brave but futile endeavor.
The tried-and-true characters still strike sparks. And even if the best parts are warmed over, the dish is still great.
Just shoot me. Filled with the shallowest women you're likely to meet, the movie is a chick flick in the worst sense of that phrase. ... Gag!
A total disaster.
It's not every movie that makes you wish Vin Diesel would run in and start blowing up stuff.
Sex and the City was smarter. Mamma Mia! was dopier. But both, unfortunately, were more entertaining than The Women.
Instead of smart, subtle and snappy, writer/director Diane English goes for the big, loud and brassy.
The cast is full of top-notch comedic actresses, but they're relegated to roles they could play in their sleep.
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here: Strange casting and a lousy script make The Women the sort of film that's pure torture to sit through.
Fourteen years in the making, The Women marks a serviceable directorial debut for English.
Of all the freedoms that women have rightly earned, aping the worst of male behaviour needn't rank high among them.
Do we really need another climactic hospital sequence with a shrieking mom giving birth? And what would Carrie Bradshaw & Co. have done with this same story?
...when [Diane English] starts making her sisterhood-is-powerful changes, the movie runs into serious trouble.
Hopefully that audience won't be fooled by this cast's potential and the clever concept; the final product here is anything but fabulous.
Upon further reflection, maybe the big-screen version of Sex and the City wasn't so bad after all.
In spite of the casting and honorable revamps, it feels more dated than the 1939 original did for its time period.
It hurts especially to watch Ms. Bening and Candice Bergen (who plays Mary's mother) lend their wit and dignity to a project that has so little of its own.
What a pleasure this movie is, showcasing actresses I've admired for a long time, all at the top of their form.
'What do you think this is, some kind of 1930s movie?' Mary bellows at her mother at one point. If only it were.
Ryan, barely refining her When Harry Met Sally persona, is a dud.
The movie is a work of ambivalence. Is English making fun of these women? Or is she making a pilot for Lifetime? It's hard to tell.
This Women doesn't take place in reality or even in a glamorous urban fantasyland. It's strictly TV Land.
This is girl power? I'll not have what she's having, thank you very much, and I'm thinking about amassing a small army of my own to demand as much.
English spent 12 years slaving to get her remake green-lighted, an astounding output of time and energy for a person to spend on a movie they don't understand.
There are so many things wrong with this film, but the last straw is that war dance in the delivery room-totally idiotic.
Reinterpreting a 1939 film through a modern day lens -- how's the fit? Like a size ten foot squeezing into a size 4 Manolo slingback, it limps. Painfully.
At least the actors are strong enough to keep us engaged, and they deliver their lines impeccably, from the spicy comedy to the teary drama.
As female ensemble movies go, The Women is no Sex and the City, but it remains watchable thanks to strong performances from Meg Ryan, Annette Bening and Candice Bergen.
A ghastly Sex And The City knock-off guaranteed to make its chick-flick audience storm angrily out in search of the next Rambo movie.
Diane English's version of "The Women" barely nudges from its Martha Stewart interiors, exchanging insights for platitudes. It's a cup of lukewarm tea, without even a biscuit on the side.
It's so flat and unfunny it makes Sex and the City sound like Billy Wilder.
Despite its title, "The Women" is not an update of George Cukor's diva smackdown of the same name.
Call it Sex and the City with brains.
The Women has a cast to die for - Meg Ryan, Annette Bening, Candice Bergen, Carrie Fisher - in a film that dies before our eyes.
But the only bit to set red-blooded males' pulses racing is when Eva Mendes bends over in sexy suspenders.
Admittedly, I am a man, but I am partial to a good chick flick. This one made me feel as if I had been trapped in the perfume hall at Selfridges.
Like real women, this goes on. And on and on. For almost two hours. God, does it go on.
Once English has wheeled on Carrie Fisher and - horror of horrors - Bette Midler in a wildly unnecessary cameo, all momentum and fun have emigrated to another planet.
If I hadn't known this was written and directed by a woman, I'd have sworn it was the mean-spirited invention of a man who doesn't know any women but despises us all anyway, on general principle.
In other words, the film is a massive disappointment. It is so out of touch and out of step with modern feminine realities it almost requires carbon dating to ascertain just how ancient it really is.
Thankfully, the last 20 minutes of the movie are not a total waste, but I doubt many will stick around long enough to enjoy them
Even though English completely changed Luce's intent from savage satire to 'celebrating women,' and it's far too long, it has a terrific performance by Mendes and some funny lines.
No cliché, no matter how it screams and pleads for mercy, makes it out of this baby untapped.
An ensemble this good guarantees some lively moments, but the film's outdated message seems more empowering for men.
Soft-focus but high-gloss, substituting empowerment for devotion. It is entertaining but it has a bitter aftertaste.
English goes more for sympathy and episodic comedy than substance. Luce wrote her play as a scathing commentary on a social milieu she hated. The Women tries to have it both ways and becomes more caricatured than dimensional.
If you changed the names and added an Irving, this could be the movie version of 'Cathy,' with women trying on bathing suits and saying 'Ack!'
In writing this I feel like a hung jury. My final verdict on The Women: Enjoyed, not overjoyed.
These women, like the movie they're in, are far from perfect, but spending time in their company isn't an entirely unpleasant experience.
Is it an exaggeration to call The Women the worst movie of the year? Well, yeah, probably. But it may be the most disappointing, given all the effort that went into it.
Transforms George Cukor's witty, bitchy The Women (1939) into a cuddly, weepy big-screen sitcom.
It's hard to say what's sadder, that The Women's intended audience had to wait 14 years for a film like this or that that long wait has been almost for naught.
Ryan and Bening seem lost, desperate to convey emotions that they can't access, and English only gives them stale power-woman stereotypes to play.
Despite its proud legacy and promising cast, The Women is a miscarriage of comedy.
English means to resurrect the original play's highly evolved '30s era feminism for a post-feminist audience, but the result feels more like a dusted-off quilting circle with an improved sense of style.
The original was a tart dipped in acid; this one's a biscuit sprinkled in Splenda.
...this doesn't feel so much a modernization as a defanging plus pandering to the "Sex and the City" crowd (the film introduces the large cast by their shoes, ferchrissakes).
The performances shine, but the rest of this mediocre travelogue of feminine foibles is given the blunt-force treatment, draining the material of deserved big-screen acidity.
What in heaven's name has Meg Ryan done to her face?
The movie's one-scene-too-many end sequence not only fudges the project's XX-chromosome exclusivity but, weirdly, offers a message that Henry VIII could endorse.
It's a movie of one-shots, with the ladies staying in their flattering light, delivering their lines to someone who reacts to that clever line in the next one-shot.
A big-name cast of actresses gives it a go, but everyone from Meg Ryan as the cheated-on wife to Eva Mendes as the home-wrecking perfume girl struggles with a script that resists being crowbarred into the 21st century.
Diane English's abysmal remake of George Cukor's 1939 femme classic will have fans of the original growing claws.
The Women isn't terrible. There's too much talent here for that, even if it's displayed unevenly. But it's something that might be even worse: unnecessary, at least as long as you can rent the original.
A costly and bemusing disaster. Dull is too kind a word.
Cukor's tone and timing are missing: It's as if English has included all the boutiques but none of the bite.
It is difficult to determine whether this adaptation of the old Clare Boothe Luce play, and the 1939 George Cukor film version of it, is a calculated insult to all women or just a poorly directed effort to understand the fair sex.
[English] has reduced one of the wittiest women's comedies ever made to just another ho-hum chick flick.
A remake of a movie from the 1930s, but it seems like a throwback to the Stone Age.
These women haven't only been declawed, they've been spayed and neutered.
In a post Ab Fab world, The Women is distinctly Ab Blab - an awful lot of nattering that has little edge.
Messy construction, trite themes and an endless parade of verbal chestnuts.
The Women is such an arduous patchwork of 'issues' it ends up a Frankenstein's monster of a chick flick.
This new version of The Women fails to celebrate its characters as women.
As much as I enjoy current actresses like Ms. Bening and Ms. Ryan even in a lost cause, I cannot recommend the latest reenactment of The Women as anything special.
English struggles trying to create the kind of feel-good experience that seems to come so naturally to femme helmers like Nancy Meyers and Nora Ephron.
The Women clangs with so many false moments that you practically leave the theater with tinnitus.
These women are ready for action, but the fur never flies.
Compared to the deliciously catty 1939 film, this one seems not so much updated as, if not neutered, definitely declawed.
Lacking humor, wit and bite, this pointless remake of Cukor's 1939 classic is a huge disappointment, turning a sharp, campy and hilarious comedy into a banal melodrama about female camaraderie.
The original version of The Women, shrill and campy as it can be, is miles ahead of this remake when it comes to issues of class and social maneuvering.
Piecemeal and earnest to a fault, this remake of George Cukor's 1939 film relies so much on the elite world of humorless, filthy rich New York women that it excludes most of its would-be target fans.
I want to visit Diane English's world. How much does a spaceflight to the planet HD 209458b cost?
Sex, lies and shopping: An exclusively perky female milieu of smart and sassy, if also frivolously inclined backtalk babes.

@highlight

The Women is a toothless remake of the 1939 classic, lacking the charm, wit and compelling protagonists of the original.