A classy drama with a literary twist, charting the strange, strained relationship of Hannah (Kate Winslet) and Michael (David Kross).
The film's exploration of the Holocaust's fallout on subsequent generations is harrowing.
A holocaust movie with a deep, twisting dive into a dense tangle of thorny moral, ethical, situational and emotional issues.
Winslet fashions Hanna as the most banal and mundane of evildoers.
A film that will haunt you for months with its fleeting and subtle examinations on morality, love and guilt.
Manipulative and flawed, but interesting and occasionally moving.
A decades-spanning drama that dives into the slippery human nature of lust, manipulation, retribution and doubt. "The Reader" is a phenomenally tragic story of people eternally connected, never knowing whether it's by true love or unshakable regret.
A British movie of a well-reviewed German novel about issues both moral and bookish.
There's something missing from screenwriter David Hare's adaptation of Bernhard Schlink's Oprah selection, The Reader.
Stephen Daldry's film is sensitively realized and dramatically absorbing, but comes across as an essentially cerebral experience without gut impact.
ovaj film mo%u017Ee nakon obavljene misije oti%u0107i u zaslu%u017Eeni zaborav
Daldry's directorial restraint and power perfectly serves David Hare's impressive screenplay and delivers a memorable movie-going experience.
Dismal
En el terreno en que la película triunfa sobre todo es en el de la reflexión, que se impone posteriormente al mero recuerdo de la anécdota que narra.
I have no doubt that the novel makes this movie seem but a glissando of a complex series of emotional notes, but I can say that I was torn up every which way by the end of it.
The film lingers more on Winslet's nudity than on the nature of guilt, and it offers no reason to care for the lumpen criminal or the callow lover.
If Winslet carries the complex psychological intrigue of the film on her shoulders, David Kross carries the heart of it on his.
Winslet creates a flawed and fascinating villain.
An intriguing journey: love story without love, war story without war, and ultimately a meditation upon our inability to normalise an understanding of what life would have been like for those living in Nazi Germany.
This movie invites you to unlock the mystery. Would you be willing to make the ultimate sacrifice to protect a secret?
It is a majestically sombre, always gripping film, told with immense restraint and no hint of sensationalism.
Despite my problems with The Reader, it's still a film well worth seeing, although far from Oscar worthy.
...it is a movie of incredible moral obtuseness.
Succeeds on its own terms mainly because of Kate Winslet's earnest Oscar fixated performance.
Its issues are infinite and moveable. It's a bold and challenging work.
The Reader does not succeed as a coherent film, despite some fine work by actors and the filmmakers' best intentions.
The Reader is all about secrets and lies and the possibility that monstrous actions are not a function of something called Evil, but something messier, stranger and more common to all.
Daldry and Hare replicate adroitly the moral balancing act that makes the book so fascinating...
The film...hankers after something redemptive. But whatever difficult possibilities about guilt and silence it explores are dissolved into disconcerting blandness.
I was incredibly moved by this film, the way it delves into emotional investment, the power of literature to humanise, the whole ambition to encompass the responsibility of a nation for the evil that occurred.
No doubt there is a fine line between a film that intends to be morally ambiguous and one that feels incomplete.
At heart what makes the film powerful is Winslet in so strong a performance and so totally different from anything she has done in the past
David Hare's sensitive treatment of a challenging, nuanced subject is adroitly directed by Stephen Daldry, full of the textures, subtleties and complexities that make this story so compelling and memorable
Law versus morality is at the chilling heart of this potent film whose complex themes begin with a young man's first sexual encounter and traverses uncomfortable territory including that of harrowing war crimes
Seu protagonista, um melancólico advogado, encerra em si mesmo toda a dor de seus conterrâneos em função de suas própria ações (ou inações) do passado.
plodding and earnestly morose
Underage desire converges with perverse passions of the political sort, where in the case of one's country, love is basically blind. A remarkably brilliant and subversive guilt by erotic association thriller.
Springtime for Hitler, the sequel!
The Reader is the most undeserving of the five Academy Award nominees for Best Picture. A nice quality for a movie to have is if it has one or more characters to whom one can relate. In The Reader the two main characters are clods.
Outside of her [Kate Winslet's] equally compelling also Golden Globe winning work in the non-Oscar nominated Revolutionary Road, it may be 2008's best acting.
a bit convoluted...mostly absorbing and captivating drama elevated by strong performances.
Built around Kate Winslet's enigmatic Hanna, this impeccably staged, nuanced drama is not easily forgotten.
...for the life of me I cannot figure out how the Academy Award voters could consider this film as year's most elite. Heck, I can't even understand how The Reader received five Oscar nominations.
Like the main character's feelings about themselves and each other, I too have mixed feelings about this film.
Epifaneiako ksysimo allis mias ekdohis tis ebraikis pligis poy prokalese i germaniki banaysotita, ayti ti fora employtismeni me eksanthropistiko erotiko proto misaoro, poy den kamoyflarei katholoy tis eksarseis symbatikotitas sto ksediploma, i tis melodra
How do you solve a problem like The Reader? It's deep and layered and sexy and Oscary and left no emotional impression. It happened and I left.
It tries so hard to construct something profound, the effort competes with the performances, stealing away some of the rawness of the emotions. But not all of them. Winslet and Kross are especially terrific.
The Reader remains riveting as long as exquisite Winslet stays on screen.
Parental Content Review
Suffers chiefly from a distasteful thematic overemphasis, though not far behind is the film's rather insistent self-flattery.
An airless vacuum labeled Serious Film
Solid acting by star Kate Winslet but not by co-star Fiennes; the movie is complete in some areas but lacking in others
Outstanding performances define "The Reader," but all pale in comparison with Kate Winslet's Hanna.
"The Reader" definitely could have more to offer the listener.
Director Stephen Daldry and screenwriter David Hare adapt Bernhard Schlink's novel into a shuffling, episodic entertainment that's undermined by inconsistent casting.
Despite a quietly heartbreaking performance from Kate Winslet and a talented director and screenwriter, The Reader feels more like a thumb sucker than a piece of vital moviemaking.
Since more time is spent exposing the milky white breasts of Kate Winslet than exposing the horrors of the Holocaust, viewers might be forgiven for thinking they stumbled into a big-budget remake of Ilsa, She Wolf of the SS.
'The Reader' suggests -- what? That Nazis might have been nicer if they'd spent more time reading instead of burning books?
Its issues are infinite and moveable. It's a bold and challenging work.
A superbly crafted yet oddly unmoving film that's easier to admire than to genuinely like.
Winslet duly earns her Golden Globe (and inevitable Oscar) nomination.
Under the gloss of high production value, under the sheen of hardback good taste, there is something naive and glib and meretricious. It left a very strange taste in my mouth.
The revelation of evil not only confounds the characters here; it numbs the film, stifles whatever wayward life it once had in it.
The Reader suffers from Weinstein syndrome, in which an interesting novel is filleted to its bare skeleton by overpowering producer Harvey Weinstein, and made safe, easy to digest, and oh-so award friendly.
Pleasingly adult material powered by elegant, muscular performances. A strong adaptation of a slippery novel.
Kate Winslet is the reason to see the sombre, understated, literary The Reader, which has touching moments but never delivers on its early promise.
The Reader is a thoughtful and absorbing film, which is packed with delicately-structured twists and punctuated with truly impressive performances.
It is the kind of movie that will have you questioning your reactions and is a skilful piece of emotional manipulation from Billy Elliot director Stephen Daldry. But what really makes The Reader a must-see are the performances of Winslet and Kross.
The still, sad music of humanity - surely that should have been The Reader's score. We hear it in Winslet's performance at least, at once contained and tremendous, at once filigree in touch and fully wrought in thought and being.
Can a single performance redeem a whole movie? Heaven knows Kate Winslet does her damnedest to wrestle with the contradictions of The Reader.
Winslet's intricate performance and Daldry's skills of persuasion make it a worthy memorial to its producers, Sydney Pollack and Anthony Minghella, the values of whose own films it faithfully replicates.
Impressively directed, superbly acted and emotionally engaging, this is a thought-provoking drama that practically screams Oscar.
An intelligent approach sets this intense drama apart from the crowd, recounting a morally complex story without telling us how to think
While the story includes illicit romance, war crimes and how contemporary Europeans deal with the guilt of World War II, the movie isn't as engrossing as it should be because it's consistently clinical and glum.
It's only when The Reader begins to dig at these big questions that the movie begins to feel slight and inadequate. As a soft-core love story, a seedy and silly male fantasy piece, it sort of works.
Kate Winslet is the sheer force that lifts a film with a provocative concept, but uneven execution, to become an absorbing drama about reconciling a nation's past.
Profound but too dyslexic for its own good.
Fiennes adequately plays out his part as reader anti-climactically: Kross is a superb presence and much missed as the tragedy is played out. A serious, reflective film, with much subtlety at its heart. I hope it wins many awards.
Admirable within its limitations, but Bernard Schlink's Oprah Winfrey Book Club-approved book wasn't exactly literature, as this isn't exactly cinema.
Truth and guilt and responsibility are not just themes here, they are topics of debate and we keep returning to the seminar and the courtroom to hear those debates.
Complete with clichés and plot twists that scream, "GIVE ME AN OSCAR," you might think Tina Fey and Jon Stewart decided to write The Reader as a parody of an Oscar hopeful.
A tedious piece of awards bait that drains the color from both illicit sex and historical tragedy.
A flawed mix of a kind of German "Summer of '42" with a theatrically bound courtroom drama and aftermath, "The Reader's" lopsided before-and-after structure defeats part of its dramatic impact.
Kate Winslet is extraordinary as a woman who is both brusquely adult and childishly vulnerable at the same time...
Packaged with a smart script, palpable tension and enough ambiguity to keep you guessing.
Demanding? Yes. But that's also why it's such a worthwhile accomplishment.
The Reader is the year's latest entry in the Holocaust drama dept., and it's arguably the best of the lot.
(Winslets)work here is stunningly heartbreaking.
Emotionally inert. And that is something that no film about sex and Nazis must ever be.
Solid, stately, and respectable, but carefully, specifically designed to be absolutely adored for a certain demographic that isn't me.
The various twists and turns are laughable.
The trial's outcome leads us into a third act that continues to give renewed, rending meaning to the movie's title.
The Reader is a bold and provocative film and one of the most exquisite of 2008.
A movie easier to admire than to love.
Finely nuanced and calibrated performances from Winslet (with a convincing German accent) and Kross notwithstanding, this is one film audiences won't embrace nearly as emphatically as it embraces itself.
This is an emotional look at a complex issue by director Stephen Daldry, with exceptional performances by Kate Winslet and David Kross.
Although the Holocaust is not the central focus of 'The Reader,' it looms in every scene of this film about secrets, deception and redemption. The very core of the movie is a strange sexual relationship.
Relies too much on coincidence and, in an even more puzzling turn, seems to suggest that illiteracy might be a valid excuse for the worst of human behavior.
Winslet gives a searing performance, one that often finds her unselfconsciously naked, as a woman who is willing to share her body and heart, but never the secret that defines her.
With its probing script by David Hare, painterly camerawork by Chris Menges and Roger Deakins, confident direction by Stephen Daldry and impeccable supporting performances, every frame of the movie screams filmmaking excellence.
The Reader, based on Bernhard Schlink's novel, is a tragedy told with such precise remoteness, you feel as if you're watching it from across the room.
As undeniably tasteful as The Reader is, it's also an absorbing and finally moving account of how one man comes to terms with both history and his story.
Winslet and Kross do making an exciting couple but then Fiennes keeps showing up in the first half. Man, he can really be a buzz kill sometimes.
This year's Atonement, an example of tragic film romance at its sensual height.
'The Reader' is so perfectly executed that it will be a contender for many awards.
'The Reader' is another relevant film about a dark period in human history, giving us a different slant on the atrocities of Nazi Germany.
Moviegoers become enthusiastic voyeurs not only of an engaging love affair but how truth and reconciliation can finally exist in the same place.
Once the main character visits Auschwitz and hears of Nazi atrocities, it throws off the balance of the film and makes everything else seem trivial.
A movie that's never bad but too easy to forget by the time you move on to the next book on your list of cinematic adaptations.
If the first half of The Reader is erotic and sensual, with naked bodies in various states of repose and impassioned lovemaking, the second half becomes increasingly antiseptic, an exercise in philosophy and morality and guilt.
While the premise is both precious and macabre, the acting is fine.
There is a sense of ambiguity at the core of The Reader that makes it all the more brutal, all the more honest in its deflowering of love and what one imagines love ought to be instead of what it too often is.
The Reader is a dull slog of a movie gussied up by two Oscar-nominated actors -- Kate Winslet and Ralph Fiennes. If not for them, as well as an impressive performance by virtual newcomer David Kross, there would be nothing positive to say about it at all.
Surrounding the Holocaust morality play is another story that's more modestly scaled and, in this age of unashamed romance between older women and younger men, more contemporary.
A film that features an admittedly extraordinary performance from Kate Winslet surrounded by a lot of other stuff that doesn't work nearly as well as it should have.
Best evidence of what a magnetic presence Kate Winslet is: When her role diminishes in the second half of The Reader, the movie disintegrates.
With this film Daldry proves himself the screen's reigning master at showing passion thwarted or repressed, this time to a propulsive Philip Glass-lite score from Nico Muhly.
Winslet's been justly praised for her work here, but her contribution is mostly confined to the first half of The Reader.
At times The Reader is an interesting exploration of both the needs of man and the limits of law. But there are so many dead spots in the film after it gets rolling that the rolling too often comes to a stop.
I believe the movie may be demonstrating a fact of human nature: Most people, most of the time, all over the world, choose to go along. We vote with the tribe.
After a sensuous introductory act, The Reader descends into a series of dismaying contradictions regarding the moral toxins of the Holocaust -- which still pollute postwar Germany.
Winslet is outstanding, particularly given that Hanna is such an unsympathetic character. We never quite feel sympathy toward her, and it's testament to Winslet's skill and confidence that she never really asks us to.
Told, coolly...the novel was hugely popular as well as controversial worldwide and an Oprah's Book Club selection besides. I'm afraid it needed a different set of interpreters to make any emotional sense of it onscreen.
Moviegoers may find themselves unable to dismiss the film outright, but also unable to put a finger on what the movie is really about, or how it should have been about it.
The Reader, distant though it can be, touches and provokes a mulling over of the Holocaust like few films on the subject in recent memory.
Intelligent and impeccably crafted but...also rather remote and chilly, the kind of film in which craft trumps heart...ultimately fails to do emotional justice to the subject it tackles.
[The Reader] is positively goyish in its glassy eyed treatment of Jew killing, not that it aims to be anything more than an exercise in moral insurrection.
Literature as aphrodisiac - merits the attention of discerning audiences who will also want to see it for Winslet's nuanced, sensual performance.
It is a movie that can offend just as much as it exhilarates, the discussions it generates on both sides of the divide sure to be ones intelligent filmgoers would be all the better off for entering.
Whatever legitimacy the story once had must have been lost in translation, because what appears on the screen is a cold, artless lump.
It tries for depth while holding your hand and glossing its surface; in the end, you get what you'd expect, which is a decent Holocaust-related drama, and not much more.
The Reader is a cloaked male fantasy, in which a milf hides under spinster garb -- all for a 16-year-old's delight.
It appears that the filmmakers have taken Hannah Arendt's notion of the 'banality of evil' way too literally.
Call me a prude, but soft-core porn doesn't seem a fitting entry point for considering the Holocaust's agonies.
Scripter David Hare's adaptation is so beautifully crafted, it makes me want to read the book.
More of a coming-of-age film than historical drama, with strong performances from Winslet and Kross.
A triumphant performance by Kate Winslet anchors the year's most disturbing Holocaust movie.
The movie adaptation by screenwriter David Hare and director Stephen Daldry starts out choppy and overdrawn but develops a cumulative power.
The film offers no facile answers, only quietly forceful performances (particularly by Winslet, whose tense body language speaks volumes) that make these characters and the tragedy that colors their lives seem achingly, crushingly real.
The Reader remains schematic, and ultimately reductive. It really is about literacy, which proves to be a dismayingly small answer to the enormous questions posed by Hanna's dark past.
Like a good book with missing pages, The Reader seems stripped of essential meaning.
There's something gripping about the relationship between this ill-assorted pair, and something touching about the way events beyond their control or understanding reach out to blight their lives.
A film made with high aspirations and more than the usual commitment but one that, after an arresting beginning, changes into a passive rumination.
Some are groaning about the plethora of WWII movies this Oscar season, but The Reader is about the complexity of German guilt because of the Holocaust and its aftermath.
The Reader isn't an act of moral imbecility like The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, but it's pretty questionable all the way through.
One egregious case of miscasting (Ralph Fiennes as the adult version of our young, blond German boy), makes The Reader a rather slow-moving film in search of what it wants to say.
This is a film which asks us to contemplate the deeply complicated relationship between rational thought and instinctual feeling via a perverse intermingling of global horror and very, very local pain.
The Reader hasn't been flawlessly adapted from the page, but the film is sure to inspire just as much debate as its source. Winslet's Hannah Schmitz is unforgettable.
Without [Kate] Winslet, The Reader would be just another literary adaptation that got high on its own self-importance.
(E)verything Schlink was trying to accomplish with his (book) is cast aside for more shots of Kate Winslet naked.
The film doesn't shove its message down your throat, and its prestige pic status belies its subtle intelligence.
It is Winslet's haunting performance that gives the film what success it has.
Intellectually scant, emotionally scant.
A titillating romance that suddenly morphs into a suspense-free courtroom drama, then trickles off in a wan coda of hand-wringing.
Winslet and Kross commit wholeheartedly to their roles, which require substantial nudity and piercing communication of self without the crutch of words. It's sharp work from the actors, who play into Daldry's slow-burn design of sorrow magnificently.
The Reader is low-budget, high-profile and beamed straight at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, Category of High Moral Tone.
A young boy in post-war Germany has a torrid affair with an older woman, only to find out years later that she's a Nazi war criminal, in director Stephen Daldry's overwrought adaptation of the Bernhard Schlink novel.
[Winslet's] fierce, unerring portrayal goes beyond acting, becoming a provocation that will keep you up nights.
The Reader asks profound questions about guilt and redemption, but its answers are misguided and misleading.
By the time The Reader lays on Jewish guilt, the calculation of sex, morbidity and piety becomes risible if not offensive.
'Go to the theater if you want catharsis,' says one character. I was sitting in a theater and I wanted it. It wasn't there.
Provocatively intentioned, The Reader is a movie worth seeing -- the kind of film you'll think about for days afterward. But when all is said and done, you're likely to wonder why the impact wasn't greater still.
Literary adaptation tackles sex, shame, and guilt.
While The Reader could stand to be more lively and lived-in, it's nonetheless a supremely well-acted, gorgeously shot story that quietly dodges many of the common pitfalls of the Holocaust movie.
Everything is admirable, worthy, and muffled in a blanket of Britishness in this well-bred production, which reunites director Stephen Daldry with screenwriter David Hare six years after The Hours.
Though the sex is more vivid than the crimes or the soul-searching, portraying Germans who are neither ignorant nor psychopathic may help some learn from the past.
Gripping period drama centers on an upper-class Berlin teen's furtive affair with a sexy but coarse tram worker. The liaison serves as a launch pad for a unique examination of German post-Holocaust guilt.
Rather than an examination of what it means to discover a legacy of pain, The Reader serves merely, for a while, as a weirdly sexy depiction of statutory rape.
[Winslet is] great. She's always great. Even in boring, airless movies like this.
The Reader is a beautiful and deeply moving film with incredible performances by all involved but in particular Winslet as Hanna and Kross as the young Michael Berg.
Writer David Hare and director Stephen Daldry don't seem particularly interested in the material; rather, the picture seems cranked out by a computer that has been programmed to make Oscar nominees.
alternately painful, perplexing, awkward, melodramatic, and slow to overwhelm.
Watching Daldry try to tuck the horrors of Nazi Germany into neat little hospital corners made for a singularly unsatisfying (however tidy) experience.
A slow-moving but absorbing story of sexual awakening and moral dilemmas.
The Reader comes off as a movie that doggedly follows some dull, preordained text. It's Winslet who dares to read between the lines.
Thankfully, Kate Winslet bares not just her body but her soul with a performance that pierces the genteel polish of this high-minded awards-season drama.
The Reader is closer to a near miss than a rousing success but, on balance, this is still worth seeing for those who enjoy complexity and moral ambiguity within the context of a melodrama.
The Reader is a scrupulously tasteful film about an erotic affair that turns to love.
Tells an involving, touching and unusual story, and tells it well.
Winslet is brilliant, fearless and shows other actresses how to play real people without compromising. Kidman and Jolie, I'm speaking directly to you. You are movie stars, Winselt is an actress.
One of the most eloquent documents of personal awakening ever to be committed to celluloid.
Takes a different approach to the Holocaust with a distinctive thematic blend of secrets, sex, guilt, and betrayal.
The whole film, in fact, with its loping pace and plaintive score, feels like a woefully polite, not to say British, take on a foreign horror; was there really no one, from the fierce new wave of German filmmakers, prepared to dramatize the Schlink?
Unevenly paced yet morally complex, it dredges the depths of a legacy of responsibility and culpability.
I found Kate Winslet to be absolutely mesmerizing.
I think this is a great film.
Director Stephen Daldry and screenwriter David Hare exhibit a continued inability to thrillingly translate literary forms to the screen.
A gripping, resonant tale of a man who discovers that his main squeeze is put on trial for Holocaust crimes.
Despite the efforts of [all involved], the Holocaust remains the elephant in the room that deadens the elements of surprise and suspense we have been conditioned to expect in screen narratives.
A superbly fluid, elegant film crafted with distinctly European sensibilities which suit the bitter story at its heart.
Were there any real passion or feeling behind it, The Reader might feel like more than just a space-filler on the inexorable march to Oscar night.
The Reader asks tough questions, and, to its credit, provides no easy answers.
The well-acted film deals with relevant issues (first love, burden of the Holocaust), but it's too literal, and the second half is a disappointingly pedestrian court melodrama.


@highlight

Despite Kate Winslet's superb portrayal, The Reader suggests an emotionally distant, Oscar-baiting historical drama.