Fifty Shades Darker is better than Fifty Shades of Grey in every imaginable way.
It's important to convey how dull this film is. Add to that tedium the terrible dialogue, choppy plotting and lack of chemistry between the leads, and the real sadism is demanding that 50 Shades fans to sit through this.
"You taught me how to f***, she taught me how to love" is an actual line in the movie
With clunky dialogue and an excessively stupid building mystery, Foley's slavishly faithful adaptation is the best unintentional comedy of the year.
... the leads have the chemistry of damp toast.
This is not so much Fifty Shades Darker as Fifty Shades Duller, and on so many fronts too.
At least a touch more zany than the last one, even if it's still choking a bit on its own attempts to feint at respectability.
A muddle of half messages wearing a mask of false confidence, giving the director carte blanche to move his characters from one shaky ordeal to the next without having to contemplate the ramifications.
I couldn't even find the enthusiasm to blank out 1 hour and 55 minutes of utter tedium and just focus on the bit where Jamie Dornan does three pull ups, repeatedly, in my mind.
For all its attempts at eroticism, the movie is aggressively uninteresting.
If this is what us gals are supposed to salivate over on Valentine's Day, I remain disappointed in Hollywood's expectations of women.
I'll give Fifty Shades Darker this much, at least: The sex scenes are OK.
Watching Fifty Shades Darker, the sequel to 2015's Fifty Shades of Grey, was akin to having ice cream after getting all four wisdom teeth removed: there is a relieving sweetness, but it still hurts like hell to swallow.
They (Leonard and Foley) do take it to the outer limits that made films like Black Swan and Showgirls enjoyable; meaning it's more enjoyable if you don't take it all so seriously.
Fans of the books and the first movie will nonetheless relish it as a tame contemporary bodice-ripper flick. Others can savor it as a satirical critique of the co-opting of BDSM by the conspicuous consumerism embodied by its billionaire Alpha male hero.
What will these people talk about when the sex gets boring? And trust me, it WILL get boring, because it was certainly boring as hell to watch.
If the film was any more shallow, it would be a piss-puddle in Death Valley.
A slapdash effort, poorly written and poorly directed, full of laughably underdeveloped subplots
Fifty Shades Darker is not darker or better. It's watered down, raincoat-brigade style erotica, even with the spiced-vanilla S&M.
While Fifty Shades Darker may be the year's most terrible film, it was hard to hate it; its over-ridiculousness oddly brought humor and entertainment.
Fifty Shades Darker is a film so profoundly awful that no one involved with it comes out looking good.
Fifty Shades Darker, which fails so many tests of basic storytelling competence, is all the more stunning for its success at a task that most movies don't even bother attempting: depicting a woman's sexual pleasure.
There's an awful lot of missionary position in this movie, the plentiful sex scenes directed as if all involved just want to get it overwith already.
[A] rather insipid, flavourless and tired game of love and seduction.
Fifty Shades Darker isn't only duller than its predecessor, but less "sexual" if we compare the scenes of intimacy between this new film and the first. [Full review in Spanish]
A bland fairy tale, pretty disastrous on a dramatic level, of the romantic girl and the dominating blue prince. [Full review in Spanish]
The worst thing to happen to fictional Seattle since Frasier bedded Roz.
Darker discusses consent, sexual boundaries, trauma and relationship autonomy with a frankness that honestly makes it, despite soap-opera drama and predictability, a pretty good movie.
This tedious sequel is more of the same, for better and worse - except that it lacks the freshness of the original and feels more transparent in its effort to appeal strictly to basic instincts.
Fifty Shades Darker is what you'd expect from encoring a regrettable one-night stand. Not a keeper, but nothing to gnaw off your arm about.
Even someone with Johnson's considerable charisma can't get any heat going with a block of wood like this. Actually, to call his performance wooden is an insult to wood, which is a fine natural resource that demonstrably makes our world a better place.
The movie is mostly a wash-rinse-repeat cycle: There is a connection between them; then there is conflict; this is resolved by a trip to the bedroom. Or the shower with all their clothes on.
Fifty Shades Darker seems to plod through plot points dutifully for fans of the book, but director James Foley can't do much to keep it coherent.
Nothing ever feels alive in this film. It's a couple of automatons acting out a play that was based on other plays, that was based on other plays, and so on and so forth.
Dumb, shallow, stilted and more cringe-inducing than sexy. It's one of the funniest unintentional comedies of the year.
The film doesn't generates any kind of interest, either at the melodramatic level or in other contextual ideas of the movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Having elided the central and very interesting question of this unequal relationship, the film then throws multiple external threats into the mix, as if it knows the couple itself is now boring.
the stuff of a potboiler, and one that is ready, willing, and able to boil over into the ridiculous with alarming regularity
It's less sensual, more the cinematic equivalent of some tanked women at a hen's night hooting over a penis straw.
A film of a plastic eroticism that, compared to outstanding works like the Last tango in Paris (Ultimo Tango to Parigi, 1972) or Basic Instincts (1992), are Fifty Shades Darker, sillier and dumber. [Full review in Spanish]
It's about 50 shades sillier than the first one.
Thank god this insult of a movie doesn't try to fool us into believing that the controlling Christian Grey is appealing. That would be even more horrific...
You have to get past the obvious dialogue, the repetitive plot, the less than scintillating sexual encounters, the wasted supporting cast, the Ben Wa balls and the scene where a shirtless hunk works out to a terrible Police song.
To justify seeing 'Fifty Shades Darker' for being Valentine's, is like saying that having a romantic dinner sitting on a busy street is a good idea. [Full review in Spanish]
It fails in its development, everything becomes predictable and the promised darkness never comes. [Full review in Spanish]
It's saucy, forgettable escapism.
Fifty Shades Darker has been just as unbearable and even more absurd than Fifty Shades of Gray so it ends up being worse. [Full review in Spanish]
Including laughable dialogue, cardboard characters and a nonexistent plot, Fifty Shades Darker is one of the first bad films of 2017. [Full review in Spanish]
We can discuss the soapy narrative, stiff dialogue, absent chemistry, absurd plot devices and vulgar wealth-porn all we like; the fact is you either already plan on seeing this or you don't.
James Foley seems committed to preserving the atmosphere of flavorless, plot-free tedium and unsexy smut established by Sam Taylor-Johnson (and, presumably, carried over from E.L. James' novels, though there is no realistic way to know for sure).
. . . a Harlequin paperback with NSFW accessories . . .
...the film's idea of "kinky sex" is laughably tame.
The story of a woman who gives her man better values and a man who gives his woman better clothes, both of them suffering so much for a little bit of nookie.
Trashy and tawdry, tarnishing the luster of Valentine's Day...
Has even the target audience for this junk finally had enough?
Less BDSM and more boring sex makes this a weaker, though ultimately more compelling entry in the series.
It's glossy and at times goofily funny, mostly thanks to Johnson's subtle comic skills, but the novelty of this messy relationship is really beginning to wear off.
A movie this bad deserves to have its flaws enunciated clearly...
Let's make no bones; the reason to see "Fifty Shades Dumber" is really for the plethora of erotic scenes, but without the benefit of a director with a knack for sexual choreography or leads with an ounce of chemistry, even those become impotent.
Without Sam Taylor-Johnson at the helm, it lacks the knowing bite of its playful predecessor.
An embarrassment. Billionaire crybaby "sadist" Mr. Grey refuses to be touched. Which means in this fairy tale fellatio is verboten. Anna never praises his instrument. There's no penis idolatry in Mr. Grey's Red Room.
What was at the very least tantalizing and sensual in the first film is now gone in exchange for a wealth of questionable emotional drama that is sadistic in its own way.
It's a vanilla picture that fancies itself daring and erotic. Honestly, viewers will likely find more sexual currency in The LEGO Batman Movie than in this picture.
A well-made sex melodrama designed for the mommy-porn loving masses. It's like a soap opera with bondage, or Mills & Boon with whips and handcuffs...it offers soft-centred transgression for supermarket shoppers, polite perversion for the multiplex.
The danger is stripped away to the point that Anastasia has to keep reminding Christian that at any moment he can slip back into his dominant, punishing ways - just to justify the "Darker" in the title.
To say Fifty Shades Darker is a disappointment is not only an understatement but a ridiculous one. Let's be clear, it was never going to be good.
The follow-up to Fifty Shades of Grey should really be called Fifty Shades of Vanilla.
A really cheesy soap opera with intermittent scenes of smutty sex. It's certainly better than the first one, albeit that's a low bar to clear.
Personally I think the three books and the two films to date are interesting in their way. They are not golden, but then they are not vanilla either.
Their relationship, however, still suffers from all kinds of ick that prevents the film from being enjoyed as escapist entertainment.
The last movie in the trilogy is due out in a year's time so perhaps it will cause all that has preceded it to make more sense.
The only really satisfying wish-fulfillment fantasy of Fifty Shades Darker come when the twenty-something Ana is both promoted from her entry-level position to replace her boss, and has her savvy opinions praised by two older men in a staff meeting.
Oh, why am I even bothering? After watching those first 10 minutes, here's what watching the rest of Fifty Shades Darker is like: watching paint dry.
The movies aren't so bad they're good. They're so brilliantly bad they're genius, with Foley dutifully presenting every inane plot point while gifting us excuses to laugh.
The volume of hysterical moments is beyond belief, some of them so patently absurd I almost started to wonder if Foley was making a clandestine parody.
Laughable dialogue ("I'm too dressed"), wasted talent and a frustrating romance with zero heat.
Everyone involved could have saved so much time and energy by charging triple the price for a ticket and combining all three books into one satisfying movie. Or at least one as satisfying as the source material would allow.
Other than Dornan's exceptional physique, the movie offers little gratification, delayed or otherwise.
S&M with "no rules, no punishments, and no more secrets." Where's the fun in that?
It's alluring when it isn't trying so damn hard to convince you it's sexy.
A missed opportunity; Lacks emotive moments, is plagued with unexplained twists and unanswerable resolutions, and there's not even a peak of tension that captures the viewer. [Full review in Spanish]
Darker is also funnier than Grey: both intentionally, as Dornan discovers a goofiness to match Johnson's deadpan wit; and inadvertently, as it consists largely of grandiose gestures and tin-eared dialogue.
The kind of movie that's fun only when you're laughing at its flaccid attempts at drama.
Despite paying lip service to identity politics and whatever fantasy of social power feminism has warped into, Fifty Shades Darker indicates that Hollywood's heterosexual films have abandoned conscience for titillation.
If Jane Austen wrote mommy porn it would be so much better than this.
More sex, less banter in graphic but bland sequel.
As feared, this wretched story nullifies everything positive about 'Fifty Shades Of Grey.'
This is a bad film - at times it's nigh unwatchable - but that doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.
While Fifty Shades Darker exceeds its predecessor in some ways, in other respects it's just as ridiculous (if not more so) by comparison.
No safeword can protect you from the sequel's depleting incoherence, its punishing pileup of plot and its inability to successfully stage, even once, the franchise's claim to notoriety: sex scenes, whether accessorized with hardware or not.
Here we are again: watching two anatomical marvels writhe meaninglessly in the moonlight, like a burlesque performed by bots.
While Dornan merely pouts and smoulders, Johnson is again the major selling point, making something likable and human out of the cipher that is Anastasia.
Makes The Chronicles of Riddick look like Le Règle du Jeu.
Fifty Shades Darker may wear leather and chains, but it's still a retro bore.
Original subtitle for Fifty Shades Darker? The Eye Rolling Olympics
It's also important to note 'Darker' is better than 'Grey,' which, to be fair, is like noting touching tinfoil to a filling is better than a root canal.
The Fifty Shades of Grey saga continues with an installment that ultimately falls right in line with its predecessor...
My high school years felt shorter than sitting through "Fifty Shades Darker." Sweet Caviezel! How did they make a movie about kinky sex so limp, dull, and boring? (Full Content Review for Parents - Nudity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Has there ever been a film in which the hero has so much sex without properly taking off his trousers?
Feels like something farted out of the backside of the Eighties.
Is there any overwrought cliché left unturned? The second movie is, if anything, even sillier, ickier and less erotic than its predecessor.
There continues to be no chemistry between department store mannequins Steele and Grey, and the world director James Foley builds around them is flat and unrecognizable as real life.
The only thing aroused by this headache of a movie is a desire to see Sam Taylor-Johnson back at the reins.
It is what you expect it is and possibly slightly better. But that doesn't make it good.
Possibly the most boring movie ever made about kinky sex.
The only thing Fifty Shades Darker succeeds at is making Fifty Shades of Grey look like a better movie.
Fifty Shades Darker just does not shine.
Like a holiday page-turner, the film is a big tease.. Perfect for a girls' night out. Or a date night, if the man is willing!
Johnson is (as she was in the first one) probably as good as the material and direction allow.
Fifty Shades Dumber is more like it. The only conviction Johnson and Dornan bring to their roles comes in their mutual awkwardness. This softcore swill is hardcore awful.
Lackluster fan service. I'd even call it vanilla.
Feels like the grandiloquent fantasy of someone very average. For a franchise built on supposedly kinky sex, this is barely more lurid than a Lifetime movie.
If it weren't for the S&M scenes, it would be an exceedingly dull film. With them, it is both dull and silly, which is worse.
They should've called this one The Fifty Times I Yawned.
Basically, if the leads weren't so clearly just a pair of messy so-and-sos that live for drama, Fifty Shades Darker would be over in three minutes flat.
Fifty Shades Darker takes the Dark Knight approach to franchise maintenance, taking pains to assure you that its protagonists are serious about their passions.
Feedback from the first film was obviously ignored; know your audience and serve them or lose their interest in the film series.
Descends straight into a combination of "Dynasty" with shades of cult classic "The Room." It's fantastic because it's complete and utter silly madness.
'Fifty Shades Darker' isn't about learning different lifestyles and crafting unique characters as much as it's trying to pass off a toxic romance as an aspirational ideal.
Johnson and Dornan have about as much chemistry as a box of Wheat Thins being blindfolded by a box of Triscuits.
The tortured romance of 'Fifty Shades Darker' is just another big tease.
Pull down all Fifty Shades. This movie made me sleepy.
A low-calorie film: it warms less than a phosphorous in Antarctica. [Full review in Spanish]
The best thing about the film is Johnson, who gets away with the most absurd situations and parliaments. But the worst thing is not its superficiality and predictability, but it lack of eroticism. [Full review in Spanish]
Darker, like its predecessor, barely qualifies as a movie. But it's not meant to be a movie, is it?
Fifty Shades Darker is an ugly and repetitive movie that needs a good therapist, not a sequel.
The all-media screening of "Fifty Shades Darker" I attended had scarcely begun before it turned into a live edition of the TV show "Mystery Science Theater 3000."
Very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, boring.
Dopey romantic fantasy is only a few semi-nude scenes away from being a daytime-TV movie.
If millions of girls or guys go out to see Fifty Shades Darker with their friends for a giggle or two, then the world is a happier place.
In some weird way it really is good, even as it bypasses sense, reason and a viewer's intelligence.
Foley's direction could serve as Exhibit A in the story of the demise of the mid-range drama: it didn't die a natural death but was killed off by the sort of reductive realism that's on display in "Fifty Shades Darker."
Flamboyantly trashy fare...resembl[ing] nothing as much as a mediocre puff piece in a slick woman's magazine.
The first film, now seeming so much better in hindsight, had more kinks and even a few laughs. What few yuks there are in Fifty Shades Darker are due mainly to the risible dialogue.
The darkest thing about this ... are the black looks of audience members wondering where even the slight charms of the first picture have gone to.
When a movie is this boring, the least it could be is educational.
strange that in a purportedly kinky movie, the two main characters only ever seem to achieve orgasm in the missionary position
The frequent use of musical montages -- as trite and heavy-handed as they are -- comes across as something of a relief, simply because during those stretches, nobody's talking.
Despite its looser tone, Darker does make room for some clunkier, darker elements.
Fifty Shades Darker is a befuddling, messy erotic "thriller" that shifts tones faster than audiences can keep up with.
There's still no real passion on screen, and no heat between the actors as they go through their perfunctory sex scenes. Dornan and Johnson conduct their lurid interactions with the carnal intensity of tax accountants diving into a stack of W2s.
Despite the mildness of its sex scenes, Fifty Shades feels strangely revolutionary for having them.
Fifty Shades Darker is not a comedy. Or at least I think it's not supposed to be funny. The sequel to Fifty Shades of Grey is borderline farcical.
A movie only a masochist could love.
Frustratingly trite and never, not once, genuinely sexy. "Fifty Shades Darker" is little more than a sudsy love story dressed up in soft-core erotica and big-budget production values.
This is a horrible movie. Which makes it not a lot different from the first film.
The movie supplies readers of the James books with most of what they want, and too little BDSM to exasperate viewers of legal age.
Leonard sticks much closer to his wife's original goofy plot, and the result is a bland story that never really commits to what it wants to be.
The only thing darkened about this sequel is the already fairly dimmed enthusiasm expressed by stars Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan.
The howlingly dreadful middle stretch of E.L. James' reputedly erotic trilogy finds its mumbly, colorless dominant-submissive couple going straight vanilla.
It's a female-driven fantasy, for sure, but that doesn't mean it's not toxic. And God help the poor woman who believes it.
I kept thinking how awesome it would be if the trilogy would conclude with a Lego Shades Movie. Lego Christian pouring massage oils on Lego Anastasia, engaging in some light Lego masochism.
There must be 50 films I'd rather cover. "Fifty Shades" will make you dumber.
You will most definitely care more about Anastasia Steele's red lipstick shade than her tortured romance with cold billionaire Christian Grey.
This movie is a trash masterpiece.
Fifty Shades Darker deserves every ounce of pain inflicted upon it
The film's sex scenes ... start to get a bit grating after a while. There are too many of them, and even when accessories are added, I found myself groaning (not in a sexy way), desperate for more narrative.
Somehow manages to be worse than the stupefyingly bad Fifty Shades of Grey.
Basically a staring contest between two creeps.
Dakota Johnson brings a little spark and Jamie Dornan remains pretty to look at, but overall "Darker" becomes an exercise in the limits of vanilla kinkiness.
Actively dull and astoundingly flaccid, the monotonously dreary, everlastingly humdrum BDSM fan fiction franchise can never quite decide if it'd rather be smutty or classy.
Johnson isn't outgrowing her mousy screen presence, but at least she's mastered her orgasm face. Ben Wa balls, elevator gropes and the like have certainly given her enough practice.
What do these two people even see in each other? What ties them together? For a movie about bondage, the stars seem strangely disconnected.
Breathtakingly, pulse-poundingly bad.
A concluding installment is already en route; expect diminishing returns every Valentine's Day.
After being surprised by Fifty Shades Of Grey, you can now colour me disappointed with Fifty Shades Darker.
It's nice that the two photogenic leads are treating sex like a pleasurable activity rather than an onerous chore in this second entry, but overall, the film plays like an un-asked-for collaboration between the Hallmark and Playboy Channels.
A sequel is automatically more interesting because it's got the history of the first film behind it. Fifty Shades Darker... is dumber because the characters have learned nothing from the first movie and repeat the exact same unhealthy relationship.
For anyone who has ever felt the touch of another, the series remains dull, cold and almost endearingly frigid.
Soft-core porn: hard bodies and limp dialogue.
Director James Foley prefers plot over sumptuous set design or luxurious surfaces. That strategy has its merits, but the thriller narrative, involving persons from Grey's shadowy past coming to the fore, exposes the shallowness of the story.
Despite the depressingly episodic nature, predictable plotting and clunky dialogue, there are some bright spots to behold.
Fifty Shades Darker is an ordeal to watch not because of its gothic eroticism but because of its utter blandness.
For supposed trash, Fifty Shades Darker offers a fair amount to ponder.
The most perverse thing about Fifty Shades Darker is the notion that anyone anywhere ever thought it was a good idea in the first place
Only Donald Trump is more shameless when it comes to the 24/7 flaunting of great wealth and poor taste.
For all its structural and psychological deficiencies, it's hard not to enjoy "Fifty Shades Darker" on its own lusciously limited terms.

@highlight

Lacking enough chemistry, heat, or narrative friction to satisfy, the limp Fifty Shades Darker wants to be kinky but only serves as its own form of punishment.