With its brisk pace and unique style, Ballet 422 is a cinematic gem that encapsulates the passion of two inspired artists, the one in front of the camera and the one behind it.
I have zero interest in ballet, but this film held my interest. It isn't so much about ballet itself, as much as it is about all the people involved in creating and presenting a ballet, and how they all work together so effectively.
In this beautifully muted documentary by cinematographer-director Jody Lee Lipes, a New York City Ballet company dancer gets and takes a chance to create his own show.
Since dance is so difficult to describe, there are some great expressions. My favourite is when Justin tells a performer a sequence is "not crispy enough." Thing is, you get what he means.
Revealing documentary offering a backstage peek at the intense training, practice and choreography of the New York City Ballet.
Engrossing backstage ballet documentary.
Watching the documentary Ballet 422 is like standing in front of a Picasso without knowing anything about the artist, the subject or the context. The work is beautiful but a little more knowledge would bring a lot more depth to what is being viewed.
Anyone with a zest for dance will find plenty of interest here.
For arts, music and dance aficionados, "Ballet 422" is a documentary that will speak (and perhaps sing) to them.
It's filled with delicious moments, particularly for dance fans ...
The fly [on the wall] is very good at getting access...but rather less good at giving context.
Ballet 422 lacks the traditional hallmarks of most standard documentary films, eschewing talking head interviews and recurring streams of title cards crafted to hand-hold the audience through learning, and that's what makes it such a gem.
There are very few truly unguarded moments in "Ballet 422," despite its vérité style, but it remains a fascinating pullback of a rarely penetrated curtain.
There are few titles and no interviews or narration. Entire scenes go by without anyone speaking. Instead, Ballet 422 is a very intimate look at the process.
For fans of dance, "Ballet 422" will produce plenty of pleasures. But as with great ballet, great movies always benefit from a little drama.
Lipes' verite camera work is first rate, but his abilities as a storyteller are virtually non-existent.
What makes Jody Lee Lipes documentary so interesting - even transfixing at times - is the fact that nothing is editorialized or explained. There are no interviews or voice-overs.
...viewing this film is like being a privileged fly on the wall who has been given access to the working processes of one of the world's greatest ballet companies.
A perfect match of form and substance ...
At its core, "Ballet 422" addresses a universal theme: The importance of having a dream, and the courage and dedication to make it come true.
Aside from the time constraint, there isn't much tension here, or much insight into the creative process.
...offers many insights into what goes on behind the scenes, but it presents an environment with minimal conflict and a ballet seen in sketches.
The result is a graceful sketch pad of a movie about how the strenuousness of creating art can sometimes yield riches that look light as a feather.
As a performance procedural, the film contains necessary dramatic thrust and abounds with engrossing detail.
Dance fans will love behind-the-scenes look at ballet.
An intimate and unusual behind-the-scenes look at the creation of a ballet, it may sound rarefied but has enough moments of truth and beauty to engage general audiences.
The film conveys the magnitude of these efforts with low angles and tight close-ups, giving a full picture of the challenges in a dance spectacle coming together.
The members of the team creating Peck's ballet are master illusionists. But they're also people with jobs, and the movie does an excellent job of showing the commonplace workaday atmosphere that is, in fact, a big part of that business we call show.
by paying only glancing attention to the content, and focusing almost exclusively on the process itself, the films risks trivializing the whole entity
"Ballet 422" is short, vigorous and charming. It's also purposefully superficial, holding a mirror up to the creative process rather than attempting to penetrate its mysteries.
Where's the excitement? It's there for those of us who love good movies about the process of collaborative work done for the love of it.
A delightfully immersive look at how a ballet is created, Jody Lee Lipes' documentary is a stark contrast to the psycho theatrics of something like "Black Swan."
A documentary providing ample evidence of ballet as art form that puts on display the breathtaking beauty of bodies in motion.
It's rare that movies capture the cumulative toil of the creative process as profoundly as Ballet 422, and the lack of any end-result elation forces some tough, resonant questions with no easy answers.
For dance fans, any glimpse of the New York City Ballet's inner workings is welcome. Ultimately, though, this observational documentary from Jody Lee Lipes feels too much like an exercise in form over function.
Peck doesn't come across as confident in what he's trying to do; if anything, it's his tentativeness that makes Ballet 422 so subtly dramatic.
Jody Lee Lipes' delightful ballet documentary delves into the intricacies of the creative process.
Ballet 422 is more visually sumptuous than most narratives you're likely to see this year, featuring careful compositions that make watching the film an aesthetic experience as much as an intellectual one.
Pretty, but totally devoid of drama, tension or anything that would make this behind-the-scenes peek "cinematic."
How do ballet dancers get to Lincoln Center? Practice, practice, practice, and this inside look at two months of rehearsals for a newly minted ballet is an eye-opener. Big plus for a doc: there are no talking heads.
Jody Lee Lipes shapes the footage into an intimate symphony of poetically shaped bodies that contrast poignantly with uncertain faces.
'Ballet 422' charts the production of a ballet from the mind of the choreographer to the premiere, drawing its beauty from the little details of rehearsal and preparation over the obvious glories of opening night.
Besides potentially leaving you with the feeling you've yet to accomplish anything great in life, the documentary is a pleasant twirl through the hallowed backstage halls at Lincoln Center.

@highlight

Ballet 422 offers a transfixing, intimate look at professional dance that should satisfy fans of the form as well as curious neophytes.