"Dust To Glory" is a satisfying thrill ride that allows the viewer to experience the raw excitement of a race that few people have the stones or mental wherewithal to participate in.
Brown lays the sentimentality on so much that it almost brings the whole production down. Luckily there's lots of tremendous shots and a solid story to keep it going.
One needn't be an auto racing fan to appreciate the athletes depicted in Dana Brown's intriguing documentary about the Baja 1000 off-road race.
The images from this wild race are spectacular at times.
A total hodge-podge of relatively random footage from the Baja 1000.
Dust to Glory is a valentine from a committed fan, full of gee-whiz idolizing that -- for this viewer, anyway -- quickly wears thin.
Short of attending in person, Dust to Glory is the best way to experience what one driver called 'a 24-hour plane crash.'
Contestants have 32 hours to finish the race, and unless off-road racing is your thing, Dust to Glory can sometimes feel like it lasts about that long.
Director and chief cheerleader Dana Brown averages almost one hyperbole per mile in his souped-up infomercial.
Could be more tightly focused, but its funny, audacious and profoundly exciting moments are abundant enough to keep it running.
While accidents are awful (even when they take place off camera), they do clarify the risk involved here.
Exhilarating.
Dust to Glory needed an editor - or at least a better one; someone who might have helped this documentary focus on one or two stories rather than trying to tell a dozen or more.
As with Step into Liquid, Brown proves in Dust to Glory that the thrill of high-speed racing can be shared by fans and non-fans alike.
I can't say Dust to Glory... qualifies as a great documentary, but it chronicles an event that speaks to the raw instinct to face a challenge and conquer it.
Brown's hyperbolic surfer-dude narration... often undercuts the loopy spectacle of gears, grime and grit he intends to celebrate.
Seems too infatuated with its subjects yet too detached to be engaging.
Aside from the lessened condescension in Brown's voice-over narration, he's still capable of envisioning a feature-length, theatrical-release doc as nothing more (or less) than a segment of ABC's Wide World of Sports writ large.
Brown does a very good job of getting across the daredevil thrill of it all.
Speed Channel enthusiasts will eat the stuff up, and the film is accessible enough for nonfans to taste the high of legal and illegal speed, dusted with the promise of glory
Baja off-road race documentary may be weighed down by corny narration, but when the pedal's down, it moves like a bat out of hell.
The race becomes a metaphor for life, in which finishing builds camaraderie and victory is not the ultimate goal.
Brown does such a good job of capturing the experience, the audience may find itself brushing imaginary silt from their clothes after a screening.
There might be a good movie somewhere in the subject of the Baja 1000 race, but this boring, sloppily made and vaguely insulting mess is far from being that film.
Brown features so many drivers in so many classes that we lose track of the players after 10 minutes.
If you've ever wondered about this race, Dust to Glory will give you a good idea what it's all about.
Exciting and often hauntingly beautiful.
Too many stories touched upon, none in sufficient depth to really galvanize. So you wind up with a 90-minute Baja 1000 commercial, set to music and cliches.
94 minutes' worth of mind-numbing repetition, complete with a musical score seemingly lifted from reality TV.
Although the film features some hair-raising footage and striking location photography, there's far too much dust and not enough glory in Dust to Glory.
Using 90 cameras in a variety of formats, he captures the giddy danger of the race with truly visceral force.
The documentary resembles the trajectory of the average Baja 1000 competitor -- an exciting ride that barely crosses the finish line intact.
If you're not already hooked on the spectacle of folks driving fast through the desert, this film won't necessarily sell you.
As dull as dust for much of its look at the Baja 1000.
Getting all that human race into the film's 92-minute run time is probably an accomplishment, just not a very involving one.
There is a kind of madness involved in a race like this, and that's apparently its appeal.
Dust To Glory is part of a new genre film - a type of mass marketing promotional documentary... it's better than most films like this.
The film may prove too nerve-racking for casual viewers. It is a racing movie for the inside track.
After a while, the digital photography wears out its gritty welcome, and the footage of endless rough roading becomes repetitive.
Dana Brown's documentaries crackle with passion.
The Baja 1000 is an all-day, all-crazy affair, and the documentary vividly captures it with driver's-eye views that show how jolting, dangerous and exciting it is.
Crackling with the thrill of the chase.
Overwrought moments of drama notwithstanding, Dust to Glory is just cool to watch.
The swooping helicopter shots, the POV camerawork from the front seat of an 800 hp trophy-truck and the propulsive soundtrack will have your heart racing towards the finishing line along with the drivers.
A proudly rowdy down-home documentary about the 2003 run.
The talk is engaging and the action riveting.
There is exhilarating footage from more than 50 cameras, many in the vehicles.
Where there is a natural poetry of motion in surfing movies, off-road racing is a herky-jerky pastime whose appeal is hard to fathom. I guess you had to be there.
Although Brown is not interested in dissecting the event ... he is extremely adept at capturing what commentator Jim McKay used to refer to as 'the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat.'
The film gives us some amazing footage of seemingly sane people doing crazy things interspersed with a lot of shallow filler that is as illuminating as peering into a cloud of dust.
Wildly energetic and exuberantly affectionate.
The race footage certainly gets the adrenaline going, but the effort to dig beneath the surface of the event disappoints.
You feel so close to the action, you'll leave the theatre feeling the grit in your teeth (no wait, that's popcorn)... A non-stop thrill ride.
A fascinating and eye-opening experience unlike anything that has come before it.
Director Dana Brown leaves his family's fascination for surfing literally in the dust to explore the gritty off road race that may be the world's toughest endurance sport
It's nice that filmmaker Dana Brown feels so revved up about his subject. But the exuberance is confined to his overheated narration and never comes through here.
For all Dust to Glory's visceral charge, what lingers most is its hearty embrace of so many varieties of human experience.
Brown fragments Dust to Glory past all continuity, and his relentless gosh-wow! narration makes you wish he had taken the full leap from fan to filmmaker.
The contest just doesn't register that emotionally, with the long sermonizing stretches of the picture taking away from the real life of the Baja 1000 party: the race itself.
The movie is monotonous, storyless, and at under 100 minutes, interminable.
Same theme as Million Dollar Baby which fancies itself both realistic and inspirational. Dust to Glory is not only more realistic, but also more inspirational.
Brown weaves a fast-flying tapestry but makes the mistake of having Nathan Furst score the thing to within an inch of its life.
The movie was great fun and a real rush. Just don't try any of this stuff at home.
The cinematography, the interviews, the endurance, the enthusiasm seen in this film are wonderfully entertaining.
It's an adrenaline rush of a film, the closest anyone not inside a power-engine dune buggy will get to the love-hate experience of the unpredictable course.




@highlight

Amazing footage from the Baja off-road race will give viewers an adrenaline rush.