... Blomkamp does not manage to give a minimum of plausibility to the landscape he sketches... [Full review in Spanish]
The truth is that [director Neill] Blomkamp did not need Patel, neither Jackman nor Weaver. [Full review in Spanish]
It fails horrendously and for one reason...Die Antwoord
This tale of a police robot that is illegally used to test out intelligence-generating software is all action and no brains.
As is, it's just a boring, messy movie about annoying people and their annoying robot friend.
The larger story is positively riddled with plot holes, and any sense of subtlety seems to have fallen right through them.
The film isn't bad and can be very funny (although this is, at times, involuntarily), the central character is endearing and the plot promises enthusiasm. [Full review in Spanish]
Although mildly entertaining at times, especially in the beginning scenes when we first see Chappie come to life, the film suffers from an uneven storyline.
It's this time-old message of humanity, adapted to fit with today's technologies, that transcends the overpowering, at times clunky, cinematic vessel.
When I say Chappie reminds me of Short Circuit 2 by way of Robocop and District 9, you have to understand that I mean it in the nicest sense possible.
Chappie makes no more sense than the ludicrous alien takeover of District 9 and is just as visually ugly, but, without a Roger Ebert to shill for it, the formula now seems especially out of date and particularly depressing.
Blomkamp and Tatchell aim for the wicked subversions that elevated Paul Verhoeven's RoboCop, but Chappie shoots in too many directions.
Chappie's problem: the hardware is solid -- it's the software that's mostly at fault.
...a fairly substantial misfire that pales in comparison to, especially, 2013's Elysium.
A slice of leftover science fiction warmed in a hopelessly outdated conventional oven. One bite hot, gooey goodness, the next cold and undercooked.
Chappie's a messy film, but it's still an interesting one, made by one of the few talented young filmmakers currently working in genre film.
While the film is a study of the opposing concepts of the inspiring force of creation and blind destruction, at heart it is an ode to all conscious and living creatures of this earth, whether they are organic or made of tin.
[Sharlto Copley's work as Chappie is very physical, from scared and bewildered child to posturing teen, and will add this character alongside Number Five, Robocop and Wall-E as one of the more memorable celluloid androids.
A moving, if occasionally silly, slice of sci-fi.
Chappie fizzles, a cinematic short circuit that could have been.
Its oddly jumbled machinery never clicks. The logic of Chappie gradually disintegrates, becoming increasingly farcical.
A bildungsroman for the transhuman age.
The drama always feels a little too derivative, and the tone a little too self-conscious to pull us out of our collective sub-routine.
"Chappie" is one sad motion picture, with Blomkamp's depiction of man's inhumanity to man never more blatant.
Any potential in the concept is beaten out of it long before the ludicrous final movement.
While Chappie is bursting with interesting ideas and manages to feel fresh despite obvious (and largely unloved) comparators like Short Circuit, A.I., and Transcendence, the film is sometimes blind to its own point.
Simply watchable, never becoming either entirely offputting or genuinely entertaining.
Chappie's base programming is that of a rudimentary artificial intelligence film... it tries to show off it's self-awareness, but comes off as unintelligent and uninspired.
I fervently hoped that some particularly annoyed soul would create a 'Slapheads Yell "Chappie"!' supercut...to refine the movie to its purest form of annoyance. As of this writing, internet, you disappoint me. [Blu-ray review]
There is something about this messy mashup of Robocop, Frankenstein, Short Circuit, A.I.: Artificial Intelligence, and trashed-up wannabe gangster "zef" culture that just works man, against all odds. Even when it doesn't. Which is often.
A smoldering dumpster fire of second-hand elements from better movies.
CHAPPiE is a bit too personal and a bit too uneven to be the great film it had the potential to become.
It's a scrap heap of undeveloped ideas and conflicting tones and Hugh Jackman mini-mullets, but I was never bored.
What the film lacks is heart.
Chappie is slightly bonkers, but delightfully so.
The humor is so fresh, fun and simple, it's free of bitter irony. [full review in Spanish]
By the end, there's precious little humanity left amid all the nuts and bolts.
This iRobot odyssey gets enough brain power and battery energy out of its central-processing idea to make for a rollicking, thought-rousing ride. The story's pursuit of questions about evolving consciousness and struggling conscience is a real rush.
Blomkamp has retained his flare for gorgeous production design and interesting ideas, unfortunately with Chappie, those ideas are all recognizable from other, better pieces of entertainment.
Chappie, both the character and the film itself, is a clunky amalgam of mismatched parts.
A robot with consciousness gets lost in a junkyard of a movie
Blomkamp is clearly a man of ideas, but with the exception of District 9, he has been unable to fully articulate those ideas through character and action, a problem that is unfortunately confirmed by Chappie's muddled themes and misguided tonal shifts.
An astonishing, overstuffed mess, with at least two wholly different plotlines for two completely different movies.
Chappie the character is endearing enough to elevate Chappie the movie and help overcome some of the film's deficiencies.
This mash-up makes for a curious movie, one both beholden to its many sources of inspiration, and uncertain of how to use them to pave its way forward.
It's noisy, bloated, confused, derivative, singularly lacking in point and occasionally obnoxious. But at worst, it's just a forgettable mediocrity -- not some kind of crime against humanity.
The principal charm of the film arises from Chappie's ears, which prick up and droop like those of a titanium rabbit.
While not an entirely brainless experiment, too many scrap parts in the script lead Chappie and its cast astray
Three films into his career, Blomkamp has proven himself as a storyteller with a lot on his mind.
If only our hero were likable or emotionally compelling, viewers might be able to overlook Blomkamp's frenzied, overreaching plot.
Chops together familiar ideas and design from many far better features.
Blomkamp's strength lies in his unabashed populism, an extension of his sympathy with the underdog.
Violent and disturbing, especially in the implications of its quite brilliant final twist.
Neill Blomksmp's stylish heavy-metal hardware short-circuits into chaos.
The emotional power of Chappie's portrayal makes it stirring to watch but it just doesn't feel like enough care was taken with the rest of the film surrounding the robot.
With 'Chappie,' Blomkamp doesn't have a lot to say, which leaves us with a movie that is all shell and no heart.
The robot Chappie is brought to life awesomely by actor Sharlto Copley and the boffins at WETA, and much of your tolerance for the film will hinge on whether you find Die Antwoord endearing or not.
The robot works, and so, too, does Blomkamp's movie.
[Blomkamp is] back on track with Chappie, the latest in a long line of films about how artificial intelligence inevitably morphs into something far beyond what its Makers -- er, programmers -- intended, sometimes with a sinister turn, sometimes not.
A film about a machine gaining sentience is going to live or die on selling that central idea, and when it comes to the Turing test, Chappie fails miserably.
I liked the actors and characters in this film. While some are simple, others are more complex and they evolve. The plot has holes in it, but I was willing to overlook them because the characters are worth following.
It's a film that knows and loves science-fiction cinema: its grimy dystopian milieu and social conscience marries it, perhaps too closely, to the director's previous films.
For what it is, "Chappie" has its entertaining bits and will appeal to the younger crowd - not too young since it is rated "R" - but it is too clichéd and redundant for me.
An uneven showcase of impeccable visual effects and lackluster emotional affect.
The execution of the Chappie character is idiotic, Blomkamp trying to wring laughs out of a robot that spews pidgin-gangster jargon and swaggers while clutching its groin.
"Chappie, Blomkamp's third film, is a mess. However it's a fascinating, occasionally glorious one that feels, for better or worse, a grimier, more personal movie from the South African director."
Neill Blomkamp, a maker of science fiction, has so many cool ideas jammed into his movies that coherence becomes a problem.
While the visual effects are spectacularly seamless, they're in the service of a movie which devolves from vaguely funny to just-plain silly to numbingly gory.
Here comes the elevator pitch: it's Three Men and a Baby meets Short Circuit via Robocop minus the satire. Bonkers, right? Wait, come back!
Countless problems plague this misfire by South African director Neill Blomkamp, but above all it's the total incredulity of the narrative concerning the development of the robotic Chappie that crushes it to rubble
Modern fairy tale, vision of sci-fi dystopia or dark comedy; like the identity crisis of the film's robot, Chappie suffers from not knowing what it wants to be and a script full of dialog for simpletons and nonsensical moments galore doesn't help
"Chappie" is one of those movies that's forgettable before you even leave the theater.
Enough with the futuristic plots --- maybe Blomkamp and Tatchell should utilize their talents in a completely different arena.
Too tonally conflicted to engage our sympathies.
Chappie's a mechanised Jar Jar Binks.
Too enthralled by the urgent rush of scenario to pause for the contemplation. It is one of those movies that reacts before it thinks.
...an R-rated fairy tale with...technology as magic. While 'Chappie' is easy to love, his film fails to elicit the same emotion.
With a sharper, more satirical script, it might have worked. Which is to really say Chappie kind of sucks.
There are some great ideas here but they are sadly undermined by a script with a fluctuating level of intelligence.
Like the director's previous films, it offers intriguing ideas and cool visuals before completely falling apart as a story.
There are flashes of genius in this recycled robot movie but if feels like Blompkamp is running worryingly short of ideas.
You may find yourself wanting every character in this thing to die horribly. And quickly.
It looks like writer-director Neill Blomkamp might be a one-trick pony ... and that one trick was District 9.
..most of the tonal choices made to flesh this out are disastrous.
...this film surprised the heck out of me...a lot of action but is still appealing and humorous at the same time, with some sub-themes of personal identity and the ability to take control of one's own existence.
Vince can't sell his robot to the police because -- get this -- it has too many guns. Bring that bad boy to America, dude. We'll have it inside day care centers in a week.
There's material in Chappie for a worthwhile motion picture but too little is explored by Blomkamp to make this worth a trip to a theater.
Chappie succeeds in Blomkamp's goal: exploring a heightened version of childhood development told through the lens of gritty science-fiction and gangster stereotypes.
One of the most miserable movie experiences of my life.
Chappie is the second movie in a row in which Blomkamp fails at both social commentary and basic storytelling.
It may be too sloppy and indulgent to actually call good, but that still leaves room for words like heartfelt, trippy, personal, and even admirable.
[Blomkamp's] playground here is the same grubby Johannesburg of District 9, but now he's unable to populate it with anything other than the most cliched, grotesque gaggle of dipshits.
As with District 9, the interaction between the title character and his human co-stars is seamless and absolutely real... In fact, the film's visuals are its primary achievement.
The film has a sly sense of humor and style to spare; the production design seamlessly integrates futuristic tropes and industrial decay. It just collapses in the third act.
Blomkamp stages engaging action sequences, but his film's tone switches from violence to campy to drama with dizzying frequency, as the story bounces from interesting, to predictable, to highly illogical, to just plain dumb.
Uncommonly annoying. Chappie tries to combine the silly sweetness of Short Circuit with the grim, violent satire of RoboCop, and that proves to be as disastrous as it sounds.
Blomkamp revs the pace up to keep weaknesses from showing, but that doesn't work.
Chappie is an ambitious futuristic epic that struggles to balance its more philosophical elements with Blomkamp's cartoonish instinct to blow everything to smithereens. Not exactly subtle but still a watchable guilty pleasure.
As I listened to all this, and periodically checked how much time was left, I couldn't help reflecting that where I come from, Chappie is a dog's dinner.
The dialogue is simplistic but the film is atmospheric and fitfully entertaining, thanks largely to the charms of Visser and Sharlto Copley, who plays Chappie via motion capture.
I didn't think there was room in my heart for another kind-bot-in-a-cruel-world. I was wrong.
This is a huge disappointment considering the ability that Blomkamp has; it's one bad film and I won't overreact...but fans of the "Alien" franchise that he has been taksed to revive might just want to stick with "District 9" and "Elysium".
Jackman and Patel are largely wasted in their one-note roles, and you'll barely notice Sigourney Weaver
This is a well-meaning film with a good idea that unfortunately stumbles on its way to its less-than-satisfying end.
One of those incongruous Franken-films that's simultaneously bombastically brutal and treacly.
This is Neill Blomkamp's best film since District 9. Despite this being a film that revolves around robots and artificial intelligence, Chappie is one of the most pure, genuine, and heartfelt films to come along this year.
It's cluttered, goofy and incoherent from beginning to end, and much too long.
makes the "Transformers" look charming in comparison.
Change the second letter of the title and you'll have a pretty good description of 'Chappie.'
'Chappie' has a strong first reel and a satisfying conclusion. (Director Neill) Blomkamp should have sought rewrites and an editor for the sequences in between.
Underwhelming robot sci-fi thriller is really violent.
Movies about human-like robots are plentiful and director Neill Blomkamp, who is known for his dystopian stories of the future, adds nothing new to the narrative - except a killer mullet from Hugh Jackman.
There's something fearlessly uncool about the film, which suffers mostly from being made 30 years too late.
"Chappie" takes a step back, and rather than pointing an angry finger at human greed, brutality and cowardice, it turns around and suggests that compassion is far more powerful.
At one point, an anguished Chappie screams out "Why do you humans do this?"-while he is theoretically commenting on the inhumanity of man at this point, I couldn't help but think of it as his plaintive comment on the film as a whole.
All told, the film has a lot of entertainment value, even if it leaves you feeling somewhat unsatisfied.
Chappie is a clunky mix: a sentimental comedy-thriller with hideous violence and a profound cynicism about the inexorability of the computer-enhanced surveillance state.
A loud and unpleasant "RoboCop" rehash that gives us no one to root for and nothing to think about.
RoboCopy
"Chappie" is all over the place, employing a cloying, "Patch Adams"-like sentimentality and abandoning logic at every turn.
Neill Blomkamp rips off themes from better flicks like RoboCop and Short Circuit, adds language, violence and his unique style. If it's your thing, it's not bad.
There is nothing original and interesting about Chappie. It's a hodgepodge of better science-fiction films from yesteryear whose films have been imitated countless times to no avail.
Blomkamp never shows authority with anything besides the fluid Chappie visual effects, biting off more than he can chew with this unpleasant, muddled, and unsatisfying actioner.
This offering not only suffers from a severe case of derivativeness, but sheer stupidity and an overall inability to engage the viewer beyond an occasional moment. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Jar Jar wept...
Chappie kind of looks like Johnny 5 on steroids! Sadly, the steroids have taken away all of his charm.
Director Neill Blomkamp doesn't push Chappie to become anything we haven't seen before, and that's a shame.
If Chappie director Neill Blomkamp's potential sinks any faster he'll be in M. Night Shyamalan territory before too long.
This admirable misfire is often endearing and Chappie is creatively designed and feels real, but an unsophisticated approach to its subject matter combined with the slight characterisations edges it perilously close to the scrapheap.
Low on meaning, but full of high-velocity chases, helicopter pursuits, and weapons blasting around empty warehouses marred by graffiti and trash.
I haven't been as happy to see a movie end since the third "Transformers."
Perhaps it's a good thing that Neill Blomkamp is moving on to direct an Alien sequel because he's in serious need of a change of scenery.
Ultimately, "Chappie" is about someone whom you know to have better instincts that you hope win out in the end. After this, you'll feel the same about Blomkamp. It's the kind of bad from which he can bounce back ... but damn, does it hurt to watch.
Sci-fi filmmaker Neill Blomkamp bolts together used and stolen parts for his robot movie Chappie, and the lamentable result is far from riveting.
Frustrating, Moving Chappie Is Engaging Despite Itself
There are some clever and provocative ideas about artificial intelligence swirling around in Chappie, the latest feature from the District 9 director Neill Blomkamp, but much of the film is derivative and messy.
Neill Blomkamp's choice of having Ninja and Yolandi Visser (or Vi$$er to be accurate), from the South African rap-rave band Die Antwoord, play, essentially, grotesque versions of themselves is disastrous -- a film-sinking folly.
The fact that the robot is more human than the humans is, to put it in computing terms, a bug, not a feature
Forget motion capture. This could have done with a bit of emotion capture.
Even at his shakiest, Mr. Blomkamp holds your attention with stories about characters banding together to emerge from a hell not of their own making, a liberation journey that just isn't the same old, same old when a director was born in South Africa.
Blomkamp embeds his movie-ostensibly about corporate robot cops taking over crime control in a slightly futuristic Johannesburg-in the music, art and attitude of Ninja and Yo-landi Visser, playing exaggerated versions of their personas in Die Antwoord.
Chappie struggles not to overplay its philosophical questions, but at the expense of never really letting them land.
Just when the movie seems to be hitting its stride, Blomkamp and Tatchell fall back on the reliable and the expected.
A techno thriller about the life of a sentient robot on the mean streets of Johannesburg
It's just a shame that poor Chappie is stuck in a patchwork collection of clichés and, one can only presume, aspects from Blomkamp's favorite '80s sci-fi films.
There are some plot-twisting musings on mortality and the soul that are thoughtful, sure. But they aren't thought through half as fully as Blomkamp's ultraviolent battle choreography.
Never mind that Weaver and Jackman are totally wasted or the laughable lapses in logic, or that it lacks the social resonance of District 9. It's a fun little ride, for at least part of the way.
Chappie, the robot, gets smart. Chappie, the movie, stays very, very dumb.
the contrived, confusing mess that's the result speaks volumes for Blomkamp's future in film... as of now, he's fresh out of original ideas
Like Chappie, the movie seems human, but has a cold metal heart.
"Chappie" is a movie about the evolution of artificial intelligence that's as dumb as a post. It also marks the continuing devolution of the work of director and co-writer Neill Blomkamp.
Chappie sets itself up to be a truly breathtaking study of robot and human relations, but just fails to move or compel the audience.
"Chappie" is as subtle as a sledgehammer. The latest sci-fi action spectacle from "District 9" and "Elysium" director Neill Blomkamp is also sprawling, bombastic, deafening, ugly and ultra-violent.
There are some nice special-effects here, and great production design, but Blomkamp forgot to give us any characters to latch onto.
The concept is undeniably compelling, but portions of this dystopian action thriller begin to feel like a video game.
Like Elysium, this rusty A.I. story is basically just District 9 with a new coat of paint; it's distinguished only by the jabbering, irritating personality of its title character.
A giant step backward for this once promising filmmaker, a big, dumb blockbuster that's indistinguishable from so many others that roll off the Hollywood assembly line.
I'd hate to think that a machine could ever replace a film critic, but I'd be curious to know what Chappie would think of Chappie. So much about the film doesn't compute.
"Chappie" is sappy. There's a better rhyme but it's not a word used in family newspapers.
Sustains a lively tension between A.I.-smart and comic-book-outlandish until the outlandishness turns to frenzy, the action grows familiar and you yearn for a robot break.
... once the thrill of the accomplishment fades, it's apparent that Blomkamp the director has been failed by Blomkamp the writer.
Chappie himself is lovingly and realistically rendered, though his personality shifts so often and so fast that it's hard to know how we should feel about him.
A morally muddled mess that is convoluted in plot and appallingly simplistic in its themes. I am a sad geek today.
Featuring a lot of what we have come to expect from Blomkamp in both style and substance, the District 9 director's latest epic is high on heart but low on brains, forgetting that we actually need both to make life happen.
It's a megabudget backyard wrestling video about a robot rap ninja, and I like that.
Chappie once again falls short of Blomkamp's debut film, but he still deserves credit for telling an original sci-fi story rooted in real issues.
Sadly, Blomkamp's ideas feel depleted this time, dulled by repetition and other cinematic droids that stretch from HAL 9000 to Ultron. Instead of awe, we get E.T.-aww.
The special effects are incredible (especially given the relatively small budget), but the flat digital cinematography renders even the most technically impressive action sequence visually stale.
The little-robot-who-could is a combination of Sharlto Copley's performance capture work and visual effects artistry, and the end result is remarkable.That may well be enough for Blomkamp fans, but anyone else can expect to be disappointed by Chappie.
Whether you choose to view Blomkamp's vision of our future as inevitable or as a cautionary tale, Chappie, as with Blomkamp's other films before it, does an excellent job of making the pitfalls explicit.
The film's exasperating atonality washes out any legitimate idea about identity, education, nature versus nurture, or artificial intelligence that Neill Blomkamp hoped to evince.
Robot adopted by gangster rappers learns how to love in a bafflingly bad sci-fi outing from the director of District 9.
It's the audience that's being programmed [here] ... Blomkamp is an outrageously derivative filmmaker, but District 9 is a paragon of originality next to Chappie.
So kinetic, so captivatingly crackerjack that attention deficit is no danger for the audience even if it is for the artist.
It's not an interesting failure, it's not over-ambitious - CHAPPIE is just a bad movie.
If Bono directed films, he'd be Neill Blomkamp.
With a titanium body and a child's mind, Chappie is a fascinating figure, vividly rendered, enough so that you wish there was a better movie around him.
Coming on at times like District 9.5, Blomkamp's third movie has just about enough spectacle and quirk to overcome some fairly major flaws, not least of which is an unappealing central trio.
Another M. Night Shyamalan is the last thing we need, and the first thing coming to mind as Neill Blomkamp's career continues with Chappie. It doesn't take a sixth sense to detect a similar flameout in progress.
By the time the plot skitters completely off the rails, that Chappie is Blomkamp's best movie is compelling evidence that he shouldn't be the one making them.
Like its title character, Chappie is stunning to behold and easy to like, but it's still some way from fully developed.
A misjudgment from metallic head to titanium toe.
That you can't quite say exactly what "Chappie" means, but you know and feel that it means something, tells you that it's operating on a level beyond consciousness. It's what makes it a work of art.
Developments become increasingly implausible, even for the world Blomkamp has created. Jackman grows increasingly cartoonish, Weaver is wasted and Patel just sort of exists ...
This is a terrific small film about artificial intelligence wrapped within a much bigger, less involving action blockbuster.
Comes across like a work in progress that no sane viewer would wish any closer to completion
By the end of this weird and whizzing picture, the only resonant thing is the echo of a film that could have been.
Blomkamp's a far better observer of technological behavior than human behavior; he understands design, but not designers.
Technically auspicious and socially conscious as only writer-director Neill Blomkamp can be, "Chappie" is exceedingly easy to admire if a little more difficult to fully embrace.
Can't seem to put the pieces together properly, and Chappie ends up being [Blomkamp's] weakest work yet.
...a welcome addition to the long and rich history of the robot in science fiction films.
An uneasy mix of action and philosophy, with simplistic notions of good and evil and mother love proving to be a distraction from the main event.
Blomkamp's third straight sci-fi thriller with a social conscience fails to reach its concept's ambition with much intelligence or insight.
Often riveting and always entertaining.
The picture isn't good enough to earn my full-throated defense. A half-hearted defense will have to do.
After the disappointment of Elysium, Blomkamp is back on his game.
A brawny, inventive action romp that's as happy firing rockets at helicopters as it is contemplating the Cartesian model of mind-body dualism.
Chappie may not scale the heights of Blomkamp's Oscar-nominated debut District 9, but it's still an enjoyable blockbuster that's stylishly-made and doesn't scrimp on entertainment value.
With its stunning urban landscapes, trash-talking titanium hero and mulleted, God-bothering bad guy (Hugh Jackman, never better), this is hugely entertaining.
Neill Blomkamp's latest sci-fi spectacular plays a little bit more like a retro mash-up than a fresh and exciting melody. But hey, at least it was mixed by Die Antwoord.
Excruciating...They gave the "Alien" franchise to this guy?
Dodgy as it is, there's a nobility and honor to 'Chappie.' Like Copley's probably divisive but game turn, it's committed to a vision.
Between the charming Copley performance, the ingenious visuals, the absolutely incredible all-electronic Hans Zimmer score, and the propulsive narrative thrust, there is a lot to appreciate and even love about "Chappie."
You'll be told repeatedly in whispers and shouts, that Chappie has feelings. It's too bad that neither the philosophy nor the pyrotechnics on-screen in "Chappie" can distract you from your own sinking feeling that you've seen almost all of this before.
Chappie is a bucket of bolts, Blomkamp's desire to say meaningful things outdistancing his ability to say them compellingly.
After the surprise and promise of District 9, this represents a further downward step for director Neill Blomkamp in the wake of the highly uneven Elysium.
A robot-themed action movie that winds up feeling as clunky and confused as the childlike droid with which it shares its name.

@highlight

Chappie boasts more of the big ideas and visual panache that director Neill Blomkamp has become known for -- and, sadly, more of the narrative shortcomings.