This is a script they might have found in the boot of the car -- an overblown, empty, frilly and flatulent sub-Sylvie Krin web of lipstick and lunches with Clive James.
The contradictions that made the Princess of Wales so interesting are presented here in a maddeningly pedestrian manner, a Hallmark TV movie without insight or point of view.
It's just a shame a film about such a complex woman has been reduced to something only vaguely interesting.
Too much of this movie feels made specifically for the movie, which goes directly against its alleged realism, and leaves the audience confused about the point of it all.
An incredibly depressing re-make of Notting Hill.
Sets the proceedings within a misty cloud of conjecture.
By the time Diana goes gay-clubbing to the sounds of the Pet Shop Boys' 'West End Girls' I began assuming the filmmakers actively hated their subject.
Yes, Diana is the poor little rich girl, but the opulent settings, private jets, yachts, and chauffeured cars prove peculiar and distracting affectations.
This affair hardly plays as being more than the pre-Dodi Fayed footnote it still is today, much less deserving of this grand epic romance treatment given by the filmmakers.
It may not be anything all that special, but it's harmless, well-made and entertaining on its own terms.
If I didn't know John Hughes was dead I would have sworn he had written this film.
Are the micro-biopics that don't even bother to provide overviews of their famed subjects' entire lives, but instead lean on the spectacle of celebrity impersonation, the new camp?
Diana might have been flawed and scheming and love-starved, but this film doesn't help explain that. Nor does it illuminate the common touch and humanitarian side that endeared her to a global audience.
Not a lot different from whatever movie Katherine Heigl has made lately.
The film can't find the woman beneath the façade, despite Watts' best efforts. Maybe she didn't exist. Or maybe there's a better movie to be made.
Hirschbeigel says she's a miracle, the screenplay leans toward monster. I wish the film was interesting enough to make a case for both possibilities.
It's ... a pity that her life is reduced to such a forgettable movie.
Anyone who cares about this stuff already knows it.
Despite its aristocratic pedigree...rather tacky.
This visually polished, Oscar-baiting docudrama chronicles her final two years, and even in death she's a subject of invasive speculation.
If you are going to make a film about the late Princess of Wales, you are obviously going to choose the guy who directed "Downfall," about the last days of Hitler, and the actress who played opposite King Kong.
the unnecessary tale of the Princess of Wales' last true love, is a vapid, banal, and superficial exercise in cheap voyeurism
The soapy biopic Diana, starring Naomi Watts as the late Princess of Wales, is more like Razzie bait than Oscar bait.
... veers into melodramatic territory with its lack of relevant context and its soap-opera script.
Diana" is one big missed opportunity
A laughably bad, better-than-it-has-a-right-to-be variation on 'Roman Holiday' that's rich in melodrama and pauper poor at getting to the heart of Diana's love-hate relationship with fame.
Sixteen years after her death, Princess Diana is still capable of generating interest, which is probably the only reason why this dull, pointless movie was greenlighted.
Overall the "lovelorn princess in a tower" gambit isn't just melodramatic, it's a dramatic oversimplification.
If you are a true lover of anything British/Diana, then seeing this movie is a must.
The movie comes across as little more than a Nicholas Sparks romance that drives on the wrong side of the road.
Tries to humanize its leading lady, but it only embarrasses her (and us) in the process. Diana deserves so much more than this.
Strong performances from Naomi Watts and Naveen Andrews cannot transcend a corny script and a lack of focus from director Oliver Hirschbiegel.
Carries with it the whiff of Harlequin, the mouldy and tired air of a cottage paperback left on the dock.
Fails to offer much insight into the long-term relationship that, as the movie argues, helped her turn the corner after the dissolution of her marriage to Prince Charles.
Stephen Jeffreys' script-based on the book "Diana: Her Last Love" by Kate Snell-is simply awful.
A royal bore.
The movie may not be great, but for some it will be a fine guilty pleasure.
This is a TV movie all the way, in the pre-HBO network shlock sense of the term.
Like most people, Diana Spencer was a lot of people - but "Diana" can only see the romantic naif.
[T]he movie not only tries to uncover the worst of its subject but also widely ignores the best.
Despite the lackluster romance and the peculiarities of the casting, the subject of Diana's last years is so inherently compelling that the movie maintains interest throughout.
[Hirschbiegel] nicely conveys an intimate restlessness, only to blow the mood with ominous tidings.
Transforms the beloved 'People's Princess' into a drippy, unappealing rom-com heroine, sort of like Bridget Jones with bodyguards.
While "Diana" is hardly a fully effective film, it admirably tries to understand a lonely public figure made briefly, energetically whole through a nourished intimacy.
Lacks any insight into the characters involved, and surely would have the late Princess of Wales rolling in her grave.
There's a germ of a smart biopic in Diana; the problem is that it's tucked away behind a clunky structure and even clunkier dialogue.
sets the Dodi/Haznat record straight, but the director who brought so much complexity to the last days in Hitler's bunker reduces Diana's last years as an immature response to an impossible dream.
One wants to say "too soon," but 150 years would be too soon for Oliver Hirschbiegel's close-to-comedic treatment of the princess' last chance at happiness.
"Diana" isn't just an egregious case of rewriting history, but one of oversimplifying it.
A gooey true-romance comic book trying to pass itself off as a historical drama.
Diana presents the tragic title princess not as a flesh-and-blood woman but as two-thirds of an Oz quest: she's a figure of heart and courage, but with no brain.
Wisely, Diana opts to tell only part of Diana's story...Unfortunately, it doesn't find much of interest in those years.
Diana is a Lifetime movie in sensible pumps. The British press hates it, but Americans simply don't care enough about the royal legacy to muster up serious outrage.
Viewers without clear memories of everything that went down will consider pulling up Wikipedia mid-movie. (Don't.)
Watts and Andrews have no chemistry together whatsoever. But in all fairness, probably no actor could convincingly play lines like "I love when you touch me there.''
Graceless, clumsy and uncertain, Diana is the result of what happens in trying to honor the late Princess by engaging in the very tabloid speculation that marred her life.
Just awful. Princess Di's life reimagined as a subpar soap opera.
"Diana" can be declared a success in one regard - its vacant inanity serves to remind us of the perpetual indignities forced upon this unlucky Lady.
Watts's work is extraordinary, sometimes keying off the same illicit register as Mulholland Drive; she risks being goofy, awkward and bratty.
Dismiss it as "A Lifetime Original Movie" if you like, but there's something quietly compelling in this portrait of the depressing isolation of fame
The ever-versatile, ever-daring Naomi Watts certainly looks and sounds the part of Diana, Princess of Wales in Oliver Hirschbiegel's sedate, telemovie-like account of the post-fairy tale phase of the doomed Diana's romantic life.
Hirschbiegel turns to another dead celebrity with this biopic, following the plight of Princess Di in the last 2 years of her life. The biggest problem here isn't the 'daring' behind chronicling her hidden loves, but the sheer awkwardness of it all.
Watts is let down by the Mills & Boon-level script, and I couldn't stop wondering how the originally-cast (and more age-appropriate) Jessica Chastain might've done in the role.
I've seen Nicholas Sparks adaptations that were more credible than this.
At least it's not quite as disastrous a political biopic as The Iron Lady, which is a horrendously awful portrait of an interesting, divisive individual. Dear reader, that is as faint as praise gets.
The focus on Diana becomes almost claustrophobic in its intensity
I inwardly cringed through most of this soppy film
A drippy romance, spending the vast majority of its time in private, two-hander scenes imagining inane dialogue between a dead Princess and a famously reclusive, private surgeon; it only exists because it knows neither of them is going to complain.
As big-screen romances go, this is a far cry from An Affair To Remember. It's an affair you'll probably forget on the bus trip home.
A visually glossy, dramatically limp big-screen puff piece, fashioned with bland professionalism and utterly lacking in texture or insight.
Hirschbiegel shows no signs of a cinematic heart beating in his portrayal of the self-anointed "Queen of Hearts", and rarely goes beyond made-for-television territory.
There's a clever theme to this film that's never allowed to emerge properly, as the script continually slips into romanticised melodrama.
Why, oh why, oh why? Oh. Why?
Watts employs a number of iconic head tilts, hairdos and stick-on noses, but fights a losing battle against a film which has neither backbone nor teeth ...
Tony Blair's eulogy had more substance and I don't say that lightly.
Saddled with excruciating, toe-curlingly bad lines, Naomi Watts tries gamely in the lead but bears almost as much resemblance to Barbara Windsor as she does to Diana Windsor.
A shambolic and hugely speculative look at one of her love affairs that has more in common with a bad romcom.
Although [Watts] assiduously imitates Diana's walk and cadences, her martyred-saint sideways and upwards looks, she just never seems mad or posh or even English enough. She's too nice, too normal.
It's Naomi Watts who takes the biggest gamble here, by playing "the most famous woman in the world" - and it's a losing bet.
Too stupefyingly dull to compete with Mommie Dearest on the midnight movie circuit.
It has the slightness of a Mills & Boon novella, but treats the tale with ponderous solemnity, as though it were chronicling a meeting of minds between Mother Teresa and Abraham Lincoln. It's slow and terribly, terribly dull.
Neither as dreadful as some would claim nor as poignant as it would like to be, Diana skirts the surface of a complex figure while trying to keep all parties at bay.
Like Diana herself among the Windsors, Watts seems frighteningly isolated. She is the only performer/character for whom we give a damn ...
A special class of awful - too frivolous for offence, too epically miscalculated to add to our understanding. On the plus side, it's hysterical.
While this odd biopic is a real mess, it's not quite the cinematic disaster snootier critics claim it is.
Long-time Diana fans will find much to complain about and it's hard to shake the feeling that there were several other Diana stories more worthy of the big screen treatment.
It's a poor show when a biopic can offer little to recommend its subject beyond her fame.
[The] most enigmatic woman in modern history is treated to the most anaemic biopic in living memory in Oliver Hirschbiegel's Diana.
More sudsy than a tsunami hitting a Proctor & Gamble factory.
Watts nails the two-cans-of-hairspray helmet hair and spidery mascara. But her captain-of-the-lacrosse-team, onwards-and-upwards performance is way off the mark.
More terrible and tacky than one could have imagined, it will soon be forgotten and consigned to the True Movies channel to play alongside television movies about Karen Carpenter, Jayne Mansfield and Jackie Kennedy.
A tasteless, breathless Hello-tastic romance that plays fast and loose with the facts. Any more creepily reverential, and it would be curtseying.
Royal with cheese.
This Princess Di biopic swerves past the pitfall of tastelessness only to risk a more perilous roadblock: dullness.
Of the three people who could tell it as it was, only one has been left alive to do so. Unfortunately for this film, and despite his best intentions, his name is not Oliver Hirschbiegel.
It is a very watchable film - and certainly not the turkey some had dismissed it as even before its release.
Diana can only be described as a fabulously awful film.
Watts does give a very brave performance that should not be under-estimated given the poverty of the dialogue and the pressure of the part.
It's hardly fascinating. It doesn't offer new facts about the Princess's life. And it certainly doesn't explain her complexity or contradictions.
An excruciatingly well-intentioned, reverential and sentimental biopic about her troubled final years, laced with bizarre cardboard dialogue - a tabloid fantasy of how famous and important people speak in private.
In trying desperately (and understandably) to portray Diana accurately and reverentially, Watts has neglected to portray a person.

@highlight

Naomi Watts tries hard in the title role, but Diana buries her efforts under a shoddy script and clumsy direction.