Coco Before Chanel is not a great film, but it is a good one...the joy between Coco and Boy truly dominates the screen and gets your attention.
As Coco Chanel, Tautou is as rigid and humorless as a corset, unable to breathe life into the character.
Tautou's performance as the prickly upstart is excellent, if not terribly likeable.
The movie leaves you with the depressing feeling that not everyone deserves a biopic.
Fashion biopic is OK for teens; more style than substance.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Less an evolution of the most famous fashionista of the last century, and more an exploration of how an influential figure found love while finding her calling.
If Chanel's early years were really this boring, why bother with them?
An interesting, but slow, look at the life of the legendary Chanel before she became famous.
... handsome but not particularly enlightening.
Traces the troubled life of the famed clothing designer noted for an unstoppable drive to smash gender and garment ceilings alike.
It begs the question of why such a painstaking effort would be taken to re-create a life that could not seem less dramatic to the woman who's living it.
there were better ways to portray fascinating life of Coco Chanel
Coco Before Chanel cannot get out from under the romantic fabrications and excesses that ostensibly annoyed its subject.
A movie that is tres chic even if it sometimes resembles those corsets Coco banished, a little stiff and confining.
I don't remember ever seeing a photo of Chanel before, but when we see Tautou as the middle-aged, iconic Chanel, a cigarette dangling insouciantly from her lips, I knew it was an uncanny resemblance.
Ultimately, [Benoit Poelvoorde] is the one who holds this knotty yarn in place.
This guilty pleasure costume drama leaves you wanting to know more about this extraordinary woman considered one of the most influential in the 20th century. Let's hope that Fontaine can do a follow-up with "After" in the title.
The script...adheres closely to biopic conventions but is brought alive by the magnetic performance of Tautou with strong support particularly from Poelvoorde and Devos.
'Coco Before Chanel'? Whose bright idea was that? Isn't that like 'Amelia Before Airplanes'? Or 'Frankenstein Before Med School'?
A better title: "Coco Before She Was Interesting."
Earlier in the year we had Julia Childs, two weeks ago we has Amelia Earhart, and this week we have Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel. Who's next? Rachel Ray and her journey to invent edible crayons? Hannah Montana's battle against Dissociative Identity Disorder?
A familiar lemonade-from-lemons period biopic or, in the case of the fashionista, a smart-suit-from-tattered-threads tale.
There's a lot to like here. The film looks beautiful, and Alexandre Desplat's score is suitably moody.
The thread connecting the ambitious girl to the acclaimed woman is enough to make us wish for a sequel titled Chanel No. 2.
Fontaine manages to create a film that captures both the essence of its subject and the times and circumstances that helped to shape her.
[T]here's a anesthetized feel to this sedate biopic that suggests a wrongheadedness in its focus: maybe the more interesting part of her life was after she became the icon of fashion...
As essayed by Audrey Tautou through Anne Fontaine's lens, this Chanel is dry as toast and the antithesis of her sensual sartorial creations.
A bit more of Coco becoming Chanel was what I expected, and what would have elevated this film beyond the typical period-piece love story fare.
In Coco Before Chanel, Audrey Tautou coolly charms as the designer in her formative years. On a scale of 8, the film is a Chanel #5.
Like the recently opened Amelia, the story could well be an accurate depiction of Chanel's life but it, too, is not all that engaging.
The film is unfailingly funny.
Coco Before Chanel only starts to get interesting when she asserts her creative and financial freedom -- and that's right when the movie's about to end.
We are used to seeing Tautou play the sweetheart. Here, she's anything but. Constantly smoking, dour, unsmiling, critical, she plays a character difficult to warm to but fascinating to watch.
Audrey Tatou may have been born to play Coco Chanel ...
It's nice when so many technical and emotional elements come together in a film. Coco Before Chanel is a hard luck, true life fairy tale story told with poignant humility, embellished with solid acting and determined direction.
Tautou is, as ever, radiant and deep and affecting, but a film about such an extraordinary personage as Chanel shouldn't feel so ordinary and wan.
Although technically a biopic based on a nonfiction book by Edmonde Charles-Roux, Coco Before Chanel plays more like an engrossing, classy period piece.
This refreshing alternative to the usual potted biopic provides an absorbing look at a singular, steely determination as it was forged and annealed, long before it made itself known to the world.
Tautou's sophisticated portrayal won't allow viewers to dismiss Coco as kept. Coco's talents are too pronounced, her approach to intimacy, to life, too aware for that.
I wish Fontaine would follow up with a sequel: Coco After Chanel. Tautou's performance cries out for a second act.
The movie is most fascinating when it shows how Chanel communicated her enlightened sense of womanhood through her innovative designs, which in turn helped women feel differently about themselves.
It's a perfectly nice period piece and biographical backgrounder, but the film feels as though it's a meal of tasty side dishes that lacks a main course.
Parental Content Review
The film, although sumptuously produced, is a staid and conventional account of her early years.
The film, understandably, leaves you wanting more about the rest of the designer's life, but Coco Before Chanel is wisely focused on those years in which she became herself.
A static, familiar romantic tragedy. It lacks electricity, and while gorgeously produced and smartly acted, the stillness of the film is often insufferable.
A droll and humorless story, it is a lifeless rendition of the early life of Coco Chanel before she became famous.
The movie does a good job of presenting the social strictures that Chanel refused to be bound by, none more immediate and ubiquitous than the clothes women were expected to wear.
As drab, lifeless and stultifying as the fashions that Chanel was trying to liberate women from in the first place.
It would seem that Fontaine has a keener eye for the elements that made Chanel's style than she has an ear for dialogue. But she gets a splendid performance from Tautou.
The film loses some of its fascination when Coco is unmistakably launched on her career path. But that's when the story ends; this is titled Coco Before Chanel for a reason.
One can see where the story might be of great interest to fans and devotees of Chanel, but for casual viewers who have never seen her as more than the face behind an empire, there's too little in this movie to provide more than a casual diversion.
As cool and elegant as its heroine. Unfortunately it's also equally impassive, opaque and--at least in this incarnation--dull.
Tatou unerringly captures the feistiness and lack of regard for the truth that Coco used to become such an enormous success.
The movie is trite but pretty, with great sets and period costumes, and as it's anchored on Chanel's lovers and their role in her story, it can only be described as a chick flick.
Director Anne Fontaine is at her strongest when she's aiding and abetting Chanel's all-seeing gaze.
A more conventional movie would work this love triangle to maximum pathos. Fontaine sees it as simply part of the Chanel construct, and Tautou is completely in tune with her.
Coco Chanel is not the most lovable of heroines, but it's a strength of the film that director Anne Fontaine allows Tautou to make Coco as cold and ungiving as she does.
You know they're out of ideas when all Tautou does is walk and look around, then walk and look around some more. It's as if she's window-shopping for another movie. The one she's in isn't terrible. But it's not interesting, either.
By the end, the film has slipped into TV-ready hagiography while nonetheless inducing the urge for a crisp white collar and French cuffs.
Coco Chanel was a lot more complicated than you'd guess from this thin slice of over-decorated cake.
We leave unsatisfied, but only because Fontaine and Tautou have left us wanting more of this unpossessable woman.
Visually attractive and moderately diverting.
Tautou not only resembles Chanel, she inhabits the role completely, using flashing eyes and a relentless intelligence to convey the unbending strength of a woman determined to make something of her life in a time and place when that was far from the norm.
Headstrong women might have been hard to find in turn-of-the-century Europe, but heroines like Tautou's are a dime a dozen in costume dramas, and there isn't enough material detailing what makes her Chanel a special case.
A flat, airless tale of a sullen hooker who lucked out.
It's a special pleasure to watch this vibrant Coco taking in the world around her and turning it to her use, in her fashion.
In the end, even the style and structure of the film are tributes to the great designer herself -- clean, classic and unadorned. And completely unapologetic.
The blossoming of her ambition, as much as her love life, drives the story forward, and turns Coco Before Chanel into a costume drama worthy of the name.
The only biopic approved by the House of Chanel, clearly for its utter topicality and lack of challenge to Chanel's mythos. Amazing how a life so thoroughly lived could come off so flat and listless onscreen.
Elegant and evocative...Tautou reveals a growing maturity both as a woman and as an actress.
It may be too respectful of the legend it seeks to illuminate.
The film, while scaled-down, is quite beautifully woven, like a classic Chanel tweed.
...a biopic that is two thirds soap opera and one third character study...Fontaine does little to root Chanel's future career in her past.
a solidly-made glimpse into an icon whose presence is still felt today
Aiming to be a tale of self-creation, Fontaine's film more often plays as a dull romance, Chanel's role as mistress somehow worthy of noble celebration.
Coco Before Chanel examines the influences that made Chanel so different - and so irreplaceable - the way an observant fashion student might deconstruct an haute couture garment to understand how it's built.
A bittersweet glimpse of the early life of the legendary French fashion icon Coco Chanel.
Fontaine dramatizes Coco's struggles respectfully if mundanely, crafting believable period detail for her procession of key-life-moment scenes, all of which employ serviceable but far from groundbreaking psychologizing.
I missed the desperation that goaded the real Coco-not just the sulks that pass like rain showers across Tautou's prettiness but that brisk contempt for existing conditions which led Chanel, like any French revolutionary, to overturn them.
As picturesque period biopics with too many symmetrical compositions go, Anne Fontaine's Coco Before Chanel is surprisingly intimate and nuanced.
For as much as the camera loves Audrey Tautou--and it loves her a lot--director Anne Fontaine never shows the particular zing of je ne c'est quoi that rocketed Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel from gifted hat-maker to pioneering feminist fashion designer of the 20
Coco Before Chanel's approach is classic arthouse: handsome, measured, respectful, and soul-crushingly bland
Tautou is decent as the legendary Coco, but she is hampered by an old-fashioned, biased biopic that's conventional and middlebrow, unfolding as a catalogue of turning points in her life
Anne Fontaine's first historical outing is both a compelling drama and a lavish period piece.
It's a work of hagiography that serves neither history nor its subject well.
It's a handsomely designed film, tasteful, reserved, rather dull.
We expect a fashion flick to be bitchy, shiny, brittle and superficial. So Coco Before Chanel may give many fashionistas the needle.
More a snapshot of a moment than conventional biography, and while less complex than it might want to be, still a quietly thoughtful look at one of the 20th century's most influential characters.
Fontaine's film is gorgeous, but its beauty is practical, almost textile, like a Chanel tweed.
Definitely not just for the fashion slaves; this is an inspiring portrait of a woman who cut her own cloth to fit.
Rather staid in its approach, this film is nowhere near as fascinating and unpredictable as its subject.
A handsomely dressed and tastefully furnished drama that rolls out pretty conservatively, but is notable for two excellent performances.
Tautou is just terrific, and to recall an actress who could so dominate your memory of a movie, one needs to think back to Audrey Hepburn.
An epic story that gradually develops into a beautiful and beguiling homage to the first lady of fashion.
Fontaine never really hits the ground running with her subject matter, leaving Coco Before Chanel feeling like an elaborate warm-up for a more intriguing film.
Pretty then, but as decoratively superficial as those society hats Chanel loathed.
Playing Coco's orphaned beginnings like a violin, writer/director Anne Fontaine shows a sure hand when it comes to emotional button-pushing.
It's too bad that so photogenic a star is saddled with such a stodgy biopic, which crams about half an hour's worth of incident into 110 minutes.
While visually gorgeous, there's little to engage the heart with few surprises within the linear storyline. Meanwhile, Tautou looks a lot like an actress who is out of her depth.
Coco Before Chanel isn't stylishly simple - it's just plain.
Audrey Tautou is nice in the main role, if you like a face as pretty as a pain au raisin with an expression playing limited but appealing variants on waif-like ingratiation.
Unlike her famous designs, this lacks structure, texture and interest.
Writer/director Anne Fontaine has created a conventional film from the early years of Coco but one that delivers all the elegant virtues of a satisfying costume drama.
This stylish, if narratively flimsy biopic of French fashion designer Gabrielle 'Coco' Chanel truly sparkles in one respect only: the star quality of Audrey 'Amélie' Tautou.
The film is sumptuously designed and tailored, with none of life's real filth ever pictured.
Engaging, beautifully shot biopic with a great central performance from Audrey Tautou, though the script deliberately leaves out some of the less palatable details.
Skilfully and beautifully filmed and acted.
The whole thing's severe and joyless. It's handsomely shot but unfortunately they forgot to include the bit that explains why we should give a stuff.
An elegant movie with production design that perfectly captures the look of the era.
Hitchcock once quipped that "drama is life with all the dull bits cut out", but Fontaine seems to be working from an opposite impulse.
Coco Avant Chanel is a dull, superficial portrait of a brilliant woman.
In fairness to Anne Fontaine, the director, this isn't meant to be the full story of Coco's life. The events of the film seem to have been carefully chosen.
An incomplete yet enjoyably decadent portrait of a woman who came to define style and grace.
The story of Coco's formative years is fascinating, if let down a little by a somewhat stereotypical orphan opening and a haphazard rush to the finish line.
It doesn't quite fulfil the promise of the subject.
It's an unconventional life and a fascinating story brought rather limply to life by director Anne Fontaine.
The film is best viewed as a beguiling fairytale about a woman who loved fashion while despising the concept of the fashion victim.
Those flocking in for the fancy frocks will be in for a surprise in this approved biopic, which has its emphasis on the "before" part of the title.
Audrey Tautou, gives a near flawless performance as an ambitious, unorthodox young Chanel.
Much is said, but we feel little. It is the imagery that wafts into our senses like the alluring No 5. I can still see her in my mind's eye, wearing chic white pyjamas, cigarette dangling from her lips as she puts the finishing touches to her latest hat.
Anne Fontaine's film looks ravishing and eases under the skin of Chanel at a formative period.
The screenwriters have taken liberties with chronology that may upset fashion purists but the broad outline of alliances, influences, lucky breaks and tragedy rings true.
Tautou's perf is one of her finest to date, revealing her character's headstrong personality through smart delivery and a permanent but attractive pout.








@highlight

Though it doesn't quite capture the complexity of its subject's life, Coco Avant Chanel remains a fascinating, appropriately lovely tribute.