A sci-fi drama that succeeds in capturing the long-prescribed design for survival flicks and thus accordingly succeeds at contrived, unimaginative drama as well. Whether you watch Life or not, you have seen Life before.
The atmospheric, intricate tension here is masterfully crafted, the performances from all are pitch-perfect for what is called for, and in Calvin we have a movie monster who is one of the most bone-chilling beasties to come along in years.
It does not copy, but it does show its clear influences... [Full review in Spanish]
I enjoyed Life, and the actors are good in it...a fascinating science-horror story on the fringe of reality.
... the film itself has no flavor. [Full review in Spanish]
It's just an okay film that fell out of my brain soon after I left the theatre.
... the film flows between lightness - and hope - and the heaviness of misfortune. [Full review in Spanish]
The plot may not withstand calm reflection after the credits roll, but while the film is running Espinosa keeps our nerves far too jangled to care.
Generic characters and story aside, Life is definitely a suspenseful, blood-drenched affair filled with familiar faces that will satisfy those looking to waste 103 minutes
It's familiar comfort food for those in need of gory goodness.
You may wanna have a barf bag nearby because it's an edge-of-your-seat, unrelenting, chilling and intense adventure - and quite possibly the best alien movie of the year.
Fortunately, the writers are well aware of their inspirations; enough to avoid certain clichés.
You'll laugh at the bad dialogue, cringe as Calvin stalks the crew, and stare in utter disbelief as Doctor Pilot unironically recites Goodnight Moon when all hope seems lost. I cannot stress how stupid this scene is.
This is a B-grade horror movie wrapped nicely in A-grade packaging.
If there are to be no inventive moments and no thrills that aren't at least secondhand, we can at least have some tolerably good spectacle.
Yes, it's predictable as hell, full of cliches and at times, damn insane, but it's one hell of a watch.
Life might not be high art, but it's awesomely effective horror. I'm never watching it again.
Life is utterly predictable when it's not being outright nonsensical.
Terror about making contact with another form of life hardly constitutes a novel story line, and the movie's conclusion proves relatively easy to outguess.
It's a thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time and has an ending you will never see coming.
[A] don't-call-it-"Alien" alien movie that is long on ambition, but short on logic that repeatedly picks and tears at the story's flow and distracts from the better aspects of production design and sound.
Overall, the film does what it sets out to do: spill blood and guts with abandon, gleefully entrap and torture its characters and delight in building the kind of tense claustrophobia that induces a cold sweat.
Daniel Espinosa's Life is little more than a lazily-written creature feature that fails to elicit thrills thanks to its characters of low intelligence and the laughable design of its CGI antagonist.
When compared to the cast of Alien, the ISS team isn't well-textured, developed, or likable.
Handsome and efficient but uninspired, even with its grabby Cthuloid space orchid.
The recycled plot is very much at odds with Seamus McGarvey's knockout floating cinematography, Nigel Phelps' multi-dimensional space station designs, and (Safe House) director Daniel Espinosa's aptitude for white-knuckle runarounds.
Remember how you felt at the end of that 2001 Tim Burton remake of Planet of the Apes starring Mark Wahlberg? Who thought this was a great way to waste these actors and an entire budget?
An unexpectedly (and impressively) grim little thriller...
A film where science fiction becomes a nightmare, a mixture of horror and suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
It's handsomely mounted but not satisfying enough to stick.
If it had less budget, it would be a very funny horror movie, but it feels more like a flat product, close to being boring. [Full review in Spanish]
Life works with unprecedented precision within the limitations of its genre with a vertiginous rhythm, the effectiveness of its tense moments and a result as surprising as brilliant. [Full review in Spanish]
a goosey B-movie with A-list stars, cinematography, and digital effects
A grim morality tale and a creepy science-fiction actioner.
A competent film because the money invested by Sony has allowed people with enough talent to get involved with it to compensate for the obvious limitations of the script. [Full review in Spanish]
An enjoyable, deeply derivative remake of Alien, only instead of deep space it's set in earth's orbit, instead of a clunky floating factory the astronauts fly about in zero gravity on a space station and instead of a giant beast we get a squid.
Life has a B movie spirit until has an ending worthy of worthy of praise. [Full review in Spanish]
The pitched battle aboard the ISS becomes a struggle for the fate of humankind, even as the humans in question aren't quite engaging enough to make us care. We don't like their chances. But they also don't necessarily have our sympathies, either.
If you're going into this expecting to be genuinely frightened, you may be disappointed.
It's unclear this movie has a reason to exist, beyond the reason of showing what a sucker's game it is to try to top Alien.
A horror film in space without great surprises, but very entertaining and told with nobility. [Full review in Spanish]
A pleasant film without much pretense that you will enjoy, and has a story that will keep you immersed and attentive. [Full review in Spanish]
For all my complaints, Life certainly nails its big moments, which buys it some substantial leeway to cover for its weaker areas.
Life will not go down in history as the best film of the genre, but it's a B movie product with a good budget, which disguises itself well as a blockbuster and dares to take some risks. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, the story seems an imitation of Alien (Ridley Scott, 1979) and The Thing (John Carpenter, 1982), where crew members are chased by a terrible and indestructible alien monster. [Full review in Spanish]
I sort of liked it. That is, to say, I think I liked it. Wait, did I like it? Yeah, I think so. Maybe.
The final act ranks with movie history's most mind-blowing. Don't let anyone ruin it for you. Just make it your mission not to miss this instant creature-feature classic.
Bravo. The film is interesting, controversial and the ending perfect.
Visually the film is constantly impressive... And the cast is nothing if not interesting. But in the end there's a distinct feeling of let-down, that this is an inferior addition to the genre.
There's seldom a dull moment, but there's often a boilerplate predictability to Life's tensions and characters.
A subpar creature feature with delusions of grandeur and a cheat of a twist ending.
Although familiar in concept, Life has strong performances, a willingness to take chances, a beautifully designed set and plenty of tension.
Life is unapologetically derivative - you'll enjoy ticking off all the boxes and spotting all the similarities to other genre favourites ("That bit's pure Quatermass!", "There's The Thing!") and yet it's still an edge-of-the-seat thrill ride.
The film is taut and scary; all the spaceship bells and whistles convinced this Luddite, and it contains a couple of the gnarliest death scenes I've seen on film in a while.
While the evocative atmosphere and the mesmerising visuals remain to be the movie's strongest assets, it's the somewhat derivative script that ends up causing a bit of a dent.
Having an ostensibly smarter group of victims battle an implacable foe in the claustrophobic confines of a delicate spacecraft is a set-up rife with possibility, but in this instance it goes nowhere fast.
Though borrowing heavily from better films that went before, Life is nonetheless an entertaining entry to a tired genre that manages to stand alone by the simple refusal of the cast and crew involved to phone it in.
Narratively taut and economic in its structure, the film makes an argument that the chilly stinger of an ending might make the rest worth it, but nothing can erase in full the resounding feeling of "been there, done that" that the film radiates.
The movie's predictable wind-down and ho-hum twist at the end make this Life hardly worth living. In space, no one can hear you yawn.
No, Life isn't Alien or Gravity. It's more like a jumped-up It! The Terror From Beyond. Take it for what it is, though, and it might give you a good laugh and jolt now and then.
Espinosa unsettles his audience from the get go.
The lazy choice of villain and the throwaway story it occupies serve as reminders that big-budget movies, even given every opportunity to be great, often aren't very good at all.
The horror lies in watching the monster grow while dreaming up a variety of grisly attack techniques.
As far as Alien rip-offs go this is one of the better ones, and certainly amongst the most high-profile and upmarket.
What begins as a promising fact- based science thriller in the vein of The Martian or Gravity turns into a competently executed if unoriginal addition to the bughunt-in-space genre.
Intelligent life on Mars, perhaps, but none in this by-the-numbers sci-fi horror flick.
A film with a lot of visual inventiveness. There are good scares and good performances in it. Science fiction is less here and horror has satisfactory results. [Full review in Spanish]
What results is serviceable entertainment that may leave many audience members wondering if there's more to Life than this.
"Life" is disappointing by virtually every metric you can throw at it and is best if avoided altogether. Because in space, no one can hear you ask for your money back at the box office.
The plot doesn't bring anything new, but it's a story that, although known, is well told. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining film, but neither does it inject too much to life, despite the multistelar cast that participates in it. [Full review in Spanish]
"Life" does everything you want a space movie to do and for the most part is smart as hell... except when a scientist briefly tickle taunts an alien.
Espinosa gets straight down to establishing characters, ship and stakes before unleashing taut, heart-stopping mayhem at the screen with the help of Irish cinematography genius Seamus McGarvey.
It's perfectly watchable and not without a sense of humour, though the jokes are sadly lacking late on. Decent cast too, led by Jake Gyllenhaal's wily space station veteran who's been up there so long he's not that keen on coming down.
Life is one the most realistic - and terrifying - monster movies to come along in decades.
The movie reduces its fear factor to simple suspense that's not insignificant but is pretty insubstantial.
Any forward narrative thrust eventually goes straight out the space station window solely for the sake of an obvious twist ending that should surprise absolutely no one over the age of 10 -- and by 10, I mean 10 months old, not 10 years old.
What is the point of Life? Is there any meaning to Life? Is there life in Life? If there is, I struggled to find it.
It's more interesting than compelling, with committed performances by the cast, and a whiz-bang use of the idea that in zero gravity, there is no right-side-up.
Life finds a way to exist, engage and entertain in cinema's space realm.
It smells like an "Alien" clone, then seriously does take on, uh, well . . . a somewhat firm life of its own.
Slick but lifeless sci-fi thriller about a Mars probe that unearths an alien.
The suspense is well sustained, even if it's hard to care too much about anyone.
The screenplay's policy of exploring every possible worst-case scenario culminates in a deliciously bleak, if not entirely unexpected payoff.
The design and plot are so perfectly derivative, spliced from their respective parents [Alien and Gravity], that it's possible to imagine the film was previsualised from existing footage.
Life plays out like everyone involved was filling boxes on a space horror bingo card.
Those who have seen Alien will have a pretty good idea what's coming, at least to a point. Once things reach that point, however, all bets are off.
A horror movie that may have less to do with Gravity but much, much more with John Carpenter's masterpiece The Thing (USA, 1982). [Full review in Spanish]
Part Alien, part Gravity and part The Thing, Life manges to be a passable mission. [Full review in Spanish]
Life is that type of genre movies made in Hollywood, with more dedication, during the 70s and part of the 80s. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a B-movie not an epic... It only wants to thrill you, not impress you or challenge your worldview.
There's not much that's original about Life -- almost nothing -- but there is some fun to be had in wondering whether a trip to Mars is worth all this trouble.
Horror fans won't be scared and sci-fi fans will find it insultingly simplistic.
Screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick... fall short in creating realistic dialogue, scenarios, and frankly do a lazy job of trying to zero in on themes they want to focus on... They fail to add something fresh to what I see is an Alien knockoff.
Like a mash-up of Alien and Gravity, this ripping sci-fi horror movie is very effective at generating tension and terror. And it helps that an adept cast is on board to give some weight to characters who are rather thinly written.
Startlingly original it ain't. Nonetheless, to give him his due, Espinosa understands enough about what viewers can't help getting sucked into despite themselves to deliver a healthy ratio of toe-curling, knuckle-gnawing moments of panic.
The movie will get to you quite nicely, especially at the end when it makes sure that your walk out to your car is jam-packed with stuff to talk about, rather than the same old, same old.
Though not wholly original, Sony's thriller nonetheless adds a fresh, freaky new franchise to the sci-fi horror category.
Terribly titled, unoriginal and brutal "Alien" knockoff. Cast hamstrung by screenplay.
The creatively scary film's purposefully misleading ending is fun in a cruel kind of way, especially coming from a horror that's already put us through so much. Alas, such is Life.
Here is a story that knows how to put the nihilism in the vast nothingness of space. If you're into that sort of thing.
Life has cool effects, real suspense and a sweet twist. It ain't rocket science, but it does what it does well -- even, one might say, with a kind of genius.
Beautifully rendered and feels scientifically accurate, but isn't very smart. And without our total buy in, the whole thing feels like a fascinating "what if" premise ruined by "now what" execution.
Life is bogged down by an unduly verbose narrative and an overload of technical jargon.
It's Alien for a new generation; from the get-go it has that same air about it, a feeling of fear and foreboding, with the opening score setting the tone.
Yes, "Life" is different from "Alien" in a few key ways. Enough, in fact, to give the film a mild recommendation. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
A film that does not offer too many surprises but is an enjoyable entry in the genre.
Yes, it's a ripoff of Alien. And that's okay because it's a darn good ripoff.
Despite some promising elements, Life amounts to a middling (and derivative) sci-fi horror/thriller that never fully realizes its potential.
A tantalizing, intense thriller...
Life will give moviegoers the tremors and jolts they desire as it adds a notch to the résumé of its writers and director. But truth be told, it remains in the shadow of Alien, a tough movie to top, let alone equal
It's pretty derivative stuff that manages to rise above the fray thanks to some credible performances, visual flourishes, and an attention to science more than just cheap scares.
The thrilling and scary 'Life' won't be the death of this genre.
This sci-fi creature feature doesn't really do anything we haven't seen before, but its execution -- including smooth camerawork and tense editing and music -- makes it reasonably gripping.
Does nothing new beyond the rarity of pairing two A-list actors in a genre piece   but minor stupidities aside it succeeds in delivering plenty of thrills and suspense.
Life starts out as one of those hopeful-seeming films, but in thwarting our expectations, it becomes much more dismal - and we realize that it was never really making a point about life so much as the folly of optimism.
It's okay to cover the classics; practically every musician wants to play around with their idols' work. But Life feels like a strictly subtractive cover of Alien that loses too much of what made it memorable, and doesn't bring enough new to the table.
It's Alien for short attention spans, Arrival for non-pacifists, with some remnant of ambition toward something headier. On that count, it falls short, but as a final-girl structured horror film, it has plenty of imaginative moments.
Life... a taut, suspenseful thriller that's more enjoyable the less you think about it.
If you're looking for a competent Alien knock-off or just a way to kill a couple hours, you could do far worse.
We, too, are just collections of cells, and Espinosa plays our nervous system like a flamenco guitar in concert with head-pounding drums and nauseous trombones.
It's absolutely confounding that this movie is so, so very boring.
Life is tense and unnerving and a total bummer. But it's still worth it.
Life is pretty lifeless.
For all its flashy trappings, weighty ruminations and zero-gravity floatings aboard the International Space Station, Life turns out to be another variant of Alien, though without the grungy horror and grim fun.
All of [the actors] are still more than up to the challenge and selling even the most ludicrous scene imaginable, making maudlin bits of melodrama feel far more authentic and genuine than they have any right to be.
In space no one can here you say, 'c'mon, you can't be that stupid!'
It's all about getting from A to B. And on that score, it must be said that director Daniel Espinosa (Child 44) knows what he's doing.
Aw, murderous space aliens . They grow up so fast!
[I]f such a movie has to pick between the [humans and the monster], the monster might be the correct choice. That's the case with Life...
No one need celebrate "Life" too loudly, but it goes about its grubby business with a bracing clarity and ruthlessness. In that way, this sci-fi thriller is well-matched with its rampaging extra-terrestrial.
After such a haunting opening half that highlights amazing cinematography, CGI, and frenzied acting, "Life" eventually becomes a bit ponderous, which is not the direction a furious creature feature should go.
Life struck me as several cuts above 'meh' but never made me jump out of my seat.
Neither Ryan Reynolds and Jake Gyllenhaal nor a creepy-crawly monster can save this Alien ripoff. There's no life in Life, just leftovers.
Director Daniel Espinosa whips up some nail-biting sequences. But the suspense is all by-the-numbers.
First-rate horror films provide a special brand of catharsis no other genre can achieve, and "Life" delivers big time on this count.
Effective in a rote way, a few icky shocks, but probably not exactly what you seek.
A so-so space-station suspenser with heavy actors and a zero-gravity script.
Espinosa thinks he's making "Gravity," not a SyFy movie with an unusually good cast. In space, no one can hear you sigh with resignation.
The actors do well to convey enough sweaty desperation while hanging on to their dignity, and they make a workable unit to combat the threat - not just of the alien, but of the occasional dips in the movie's energy.
The taut urgency of Daniel Espinosa's direction deflects much of the deja vu. Life is anything but a saddening bore, even if you've seen it (or something very like it) 10 times or more.
It is undeniably satisfying to be in the hands of a persuasive director who, along with editors Frances Parker and Mary Jo Markey, knows how to slowly ratchet up the tension to a properly unnerving level.
In space, no-one can hear you nick the basic set-up from Alien - and throw in bits of Gravity for good measure.
An homage to Alien, or a massive rip off begging for a lawsuit.
The movie is, to put it plainly, like a mutated clone birthed in a secret government lab using smuggled Alien DNA. But it's made with such well-oiled precision, delights in such gleefully claustrophobic chills, it's difficult to resist.
For a movie titled Life this one has very little of it. Pretty much the usual alien gobbling up humans in their order of importance to the plot.
It's not terrible. It's just terribly unoriginal.
Life does deliver a heap of gag-inducing moments and manages to have some sneaky surprises up its sleeve despite its similarities to its genre predecessors.
We fully expect you to have a couple of jumps, followed by a mild case of anxiety, but not enough to justify the cast or budget.
While the shadow of Ridley Scott's 1979 classic hangs heavy, this has enough tricks up its sleeve to provide the necessary thrills in its own right.
The notion of a menacing alien life-form at loose on a spaceship is almost heroically unoriginal, yet Daniel Espinosa's film, while not above panto-style exclamations such as 'It's behind you!', keeps the tension bubbling.
If you like this sort of thing, it's fine.
Life is a good science-fiction horror blend, but it falls short of greatness because its fear outweighs its curiosity.
Imagine Alien remade with a giant calamari and you have some sense of where Life is heading in outer space.
Once the alien lifeform strengthens and gets loose, Life surrenders to a tiresome chase away from not just its ravenous creature but from the movies Life so obviously takes it cues from.
Life succeeds nicely on its own terms.
A good, solid, scary sci-fi movie that knows exactly what it is but rises above it.
If your craving for monsters from Mars needs immediate attention, Life passes the time painlessly.
Life toes a line between underwhelming and just-good-enough, but performances help elevate an otherwise generic sci-fi clone with nothing new to add.
The truth is that Life is an Alien knock-off and a carbon copy of every retro sci-fi film ever made about the dangers of life in space.
The six main performers -- particularly Ferguson and Gyllenhaal -- give Life the added boost a science-fiction horror tale like this needs to keep it in orbit.
You really wish characters weren't saddled with dialogue such as, "It's so cold!" when we can see their breath as they shiver, and, "Calvin's trying to find a way through the airlocks!" as Calvin tries to find his way through the airlocks.
The movie isn't, to paraphrase a line from "Spaceballs," the stupidest combination you've ever heard. But it's not very good, either.
For all its CGI showiness, the fact that Ryan Reynolds and Jake Gyllenhaal signed on for this splatterfest is the film's most impressive feat.
For those coming into it hoping to see at least a handful of genuinely terrifying moments and kill scenes, along with a new cinematic monster to add to their nightmare fuel, Life should almost certainly do the trick.
There is absolutely nothing original about Life. Zero. Nada.
"The film is a saddening bore," David Bowie sang in "Life on Mars," a tune from a far more optimistic era. It ain't quite as bad as that, but it ain't much.
Part of the problem is that, in trying to convey the chaos of abject fear, Espinosa makes it hard to figure out the architecture of the ship, so we don't know where anyone's running.
If you ever find yourself in outer space and the only person talking any sense is Ryan Reynolds, locate the nearest escape hatch.
Its gung-ho cast, tight plotting, slick visuals, and gripping conclusion mean it's entertaining, just not memorable.
The suspense is trying to figure out who dies in what order - which does lead to some surprises.
In a better movie, we would not only care more about these six people, but they would also be worthy adversaries against their alien attacker.
Espinosa manages to deliver his concept at a clip, with some assured cinematography, smooth VFX design, and solid performances from his doomed crew.
The technical polish and Hollywood star power aren't enough to save the movie from a been-there, seen-that feel.
From a purely technical perspective, Life hits the market standard for impressive effects work across the board. However, its narrative can't keep pace.
If you lower your sights a few pegs and go in looking for a solid, tight B-movie that builds right until the final shot, there's a lot to like.
It's done with some wit and, in the action crescendos, wallop.
Never reaches greatness, but it's solidly good, from its earned scares to a spot-on ending. (Don't let anyone ruin it for you.) Its tight spaces and layered audio will work best on the big screen; see it with someone whose wrist you can grab.
Life moves briskly along, sometimes at the expense of logic.
Life is the latest sci-fi adventure to imagine humankind's first contact with an otherworldly life form, and it's a darkly atmospheric and pulse-racing ride.
Life is not the next great film of any of its genres, but it is entertaining enough to have a good time in a dark room full of fellow moviegoers. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not clear whether the crew have seen any previous movies about aliens and doomed space missions, but the makers of Life definitely have.
Hey, "Life." 1979 called. It wants its alien-invasion movie back...But taken on its own terms, "Life" has enough taut moments - especially in its first half - to make it tensely diverting, though not particularly memorable in the long run.
Life is the smartest, sharpest version of man vs. ET to come along in a long while.
A movie in which half of what happens is unexplained, and what questions are answered don't make much sense.
Espinosa and screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick earn their right to rip off better movies, not only imagery but tone with regard to Life's stunning finale. What we've seen before they make worth sitting through again.
"Life" is like watching a "Rocky" movie, if Mr. T just kept beating Sylvester Stallone up a little more with each fight.
In space, everyone can hear you yawn.
There's nothing even remotely inventive at play here.
An abysmal ALIEN-clone with no genuine tension or scares. The talented cast is wasted.
A grim and fairly effective cross between The Martian and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner.
It's far from perfect, but Life's worth living for two freaky hours.
Life is a B movie on an A budget, an old-fashioned creature feature that delivers its cheap thrills expensively.
Claustrophobia, paranoia, loneliness, fear of a hostile takeover by anyone or anything. Whatever your anxiety, Daniel Espinosa's polished space thriller Life is designed to tease it out.
Life is effectively a B-movie dressed up as something more, following a formulaic narrative, and yet is one elevated by the stellar cast and big budget.
Despite a layer of derivative blandness, there's something downright invigorating about a film without loftier ambitions than providing slasher-in-space pulp.
While Life is a big, sinister monster movie, it's not without humanity.
It's just a rock-solid genre exercise with a great cast, superb production values and a strong sense of zero-gravity claustrophobia.
Life's combination of a photogenic cast and arresting cinematography and FX should go some way towards countering its somewhat predictable plotting.
More inevitable than frightening.
Part Alien, part Gravity, just not as good as either of them. But Life whips along at a decent pace and deploys enough engaging action sequences to make it work.
Taken on its entertainingly trashy terms, Espinosa's film does most of the things you want from it quite well ...
Director Daniel Espinosa has all the architectural understanding of a cockroach caught in the bathroom light.
Yep, it's another "Alien" clone. A few good gruesome moments, but that's about all.
Throat-squeezing verisimilitude exhibited early on gives way to a rote genre exercise; nevertheless a tight, twitchy, muscular ride.
The kind of popcorn munching scare fest that features just the right amount of tension and plot-twists to keep things lively.
A taut but puzzling space thriller.
Life is a solid SF thriller that never manages to elevate itself into the realms of the truly memorable
No more than a extended episode of the Twilight Zone from 1962, Life does have a nasty punch line in store and for that alone, it is smarter than your average sci-fi thriller.
A slick, suspenseful and stomach-churning sci-fi thriller, Life is the perfect Alien movie right now for those getting all twitchy waiting for the next Alien movie.
Daniel Espinosa's new feature provides incontrovertible proof that, well over three decades after that polyp-like succubus exploded out of John Hurt's stomach in Ridley Scott's Alien, the sci-fi horror film is alive and well.
You'll have forgotten it by the time you touch down in the cinema lobby.
How this by-the-numbers sci-fi horror managed to blast free of the DVD bin and engage A-list stars like Jake Gyllenhaal and Ryan Reynolds is hard to figure out.
At the last moment, Reese and Wernick and director Daniel Espinosa hit their retro-rockets for a neat little 180-degree twist, thankfully reversing the prevailing mood of sucrose fatalism.
Heart-pounding tension spoilt by jarring plot holes.
Insatiable genre fans who do buy a ticket will likely send lukewarm responses back to the wait-and-see crowd.
A riveting reminder that it still ain't smart to mess with Mother Nature!
A high-end "Alien" knockoff, so polished and attractively cast that you might sometimes forget it has almost the same plot.
"Life's" a thrill when it's smart, but it's even more exciting when the characters are dumb - which is ultimately a paradox the film wears proudly, to the possible extinction of the human race.
"Life" is lean, mean, and terrifying.
Life borrows a lot from Alien, but it's still scary fun.
Life is a fun, if inch-deep, monster movie that stars one hell of a creepy creation.
A welcome addition to the genre, although it is slower and more grounded in reality than the science fiction movies to which modern audiences have become accustomed.

@highlight

Life is just thrilling, well-acted, and capably filmed enough to overcome an overall inability to add new wrinkles to the trapped-in-space genre.