One only hopes that the documentary will help advance Nasheed's mission and inspire others to join arms out of shared ecological concern.
A fascinating look at an extraordinary personality.
The Island President is an important portrait of a determined man standing fast in a place where the ground is literally shifting beneath his feet.
The haunting "How to Disappear Completely" plays over the closing credits. If Nasheed isn't able to wake up the world to his country's plight, in a few decades, that could be the new Maldives national anthem.
If you are in a fight, you want this man on your side. He is charismatic, brave and most of all entirely believes in what he is what he is doing. I'm not sure he know the meaning of the word compromise.
Climate-change documentaries are almost always disturbing, but "The Island President" communicates a special urgency.
As an insight into the cynical nature of world politics, The Island President is wonky but fascinating stuff ... But as a testament to mankind's willingness to change... it's deeply dispiriting.
[An] engaging, gorgeously photographed documentary.
The film clearly sides with Nasheed's David as he battles Goliath-like businesses and governments, but it never loses sight of the fact that his efforts to preserve the fragile beauty of the sinking Maldives may already be doomed.
Nasheed is indeed inspirational, a cool-headed but passionate and courageous guy. You end up wishing a lot more leaders were like this guy.
Shenk's tight storytelling makes for a gripping film that delivers the ugly, at times ennobling, truth.
Shenk expertly weaves Nasheed's extraordinary personal story together with the Maldives' breathtaking natural beauty and a Capra-esque tale of dogged idealism and political courage to create wonderfully vivid cinematic portraiture.
A socially engaged documentary with more heart than head, this slice of boosterism focusing on the exiled Maldives president achieves unexpected ancillary connection as a ground-floor look at a grand clash of political and governmental wills.
An absorbing portrait of a man trying to turn a tide of indifference.
What makes Nasheed's whirligig tactics so urgent is that, unlike most other countries participating in the summit, his own nation is actually in danger of being annihilated by climate change.
"The Island President"is heartening and unsettling by turns.
Primary meets environmental documentary. A must-see now that political strife has forced the film's subject, President Mohamed Nasheed, to resign.
Nasheed is a fascinating man with grand ideas that stand in direct contrast to his appearance.
Shenk gets almost unfettered acccess to Nasheed, who is refreshingly honest about the tactics he is employing to get other countries onside
It's a gut punch to every single person who has come to the wholly depressing conclusion that the world our grandparents enjoyed may not exist for our children.
A message in favor of the environment from someone who really means it.
The Island President should be commended for offering a stark reminder that, while the world's great nations turned their attentions to economics, the waters continued to rise.
Those who learn of his and his country's plight through Shenk's smartly crafted film can't help but sit up and pay attention to the course of his career, the fate of Maldives and the threat of global warming.
What just might be the scariest movie of the year doesn't feature skyscraper-crushing robots or species-annihilating bacteria.
"The Island President" is a mostly compelling documentary about that rarest of breeds, an appealing politician.
Shenk would have been better off spending time with the people at risk of flooding rather than filming the diplomats in their suits at the Copenhagen Climate Summit.
Shenk draws on archive material to chronicle Nasheed's courageous battle against longtime dictator Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, but it's the unprecedented access he has to his subject that makes this movie so revealing and compelling.
"The Island President" personalizes the threat of global warming, and nationalizes it too, by focusing on Mohamed Nasheed, the former president of the Maldives.
Ex-Maldives president Mohamed Nasheed comes across in this documentary as a kind of climate-change Prospero.
Sure it's hagiographic, but this is environmentalist filmmaking at its best.
[M]akes climate change dramatic, political, personal, and the right stuff of leadership. . . The film would seem hagiographic if his biography weren't so stirring.
Recent events give the documentary The Island President both an urgency and a poignancy.
What's fascinating and frustrating about The Island President is how it reveals international politics to be even more polarized and mired in bureaucracy than local politics.
Viewers get an eye-opening look at behind-the-scenes wrangling.
Void of graphics and animation, focus is on Nasheed in 'this David and Goliath tale for the literal survival of his country.'
A portrait of defiant optimism as a last-chance means of survival, Jon Shenk's The Island President offers not only a Mandela-like tale of political heroism but a much-needed perspective on climate change.
The hope that infuses this movie makes it all the more upsetting to walk out of the theater and contemplate a looming disaster that the world's leaders seem unable to prevent.
It's fascinating to be so close to a then-sitting head of state as he negotiates for his homeland's survival, and the news that Nasheed was recently deposed in a coup by Gayoom loyalists makes the hard-won victories he did secure all the more poignant.
Moves swiftly from political scene-setting to follow Nasheed's every move as he prepares to make an impassioned environmental plea at the 2009 Copenhagen Climate Summit.
Shenk's film is close enough to his subject to catch the leader who rails against carbon-dioxide emissions puffing on cigarettes in parking lots.
The film shares Mohamed Nasheed's pessimism, but it's also able to celebrate that wonderfully stubborn individual's constant need to fight on regardless of the eventual result.
An imperative issue film inside of a phenomenally appealing human interest piece that is equal parts individually intimate and internationally substantial.
Absorbing. Alerting.
Despite its tendency to blame India and China more than the wealthy Western nations for the Copenhagen climate change fiasco, the documentary is a solid examination of the truly catastrophic implications of uncontrolled greenhouse gases.
Nasheed may be a small fish in a big geopolitical pond, but his enterprise and optimism are a welcome complement to eco doc doom and gloom.
The film emphasizes Mohamed Nasheed's recent stardom on the world stage, with the background note that he and others fought for 20 years to secure democracy in the Maldives.

@highlight

An eye-opening and appealing documentary about an earnest politician up against the closed door drama of climate change.