Entertaining, funny and surprisingly suspenseful a times, Coraline is the perfect movie for your little one...and for the child in all of us.
Having read Neil Gaiman's novella a number of times, I had my own idea of what the little girl who discovers an alternative and terrifying other world in her own home should be like but director Henry Selick's vision knocks spots off my own.
Coraline is an interesting film that leaves its audience with two thoughts. Normal life is perfect, even when it isn't, and beware of dreams with fangs.
... a gorgeous and imaginative storybook fantasy with nightmare echoes. Think Dr. Seuss by way of Edward Gorey ...
Coraline never stops taking artistic risks. I hope there's a brave enough audience out there willing to take the plunge.
All involved in this production deserve praise for turning Coraline into a triumph of storytelling and cinematic technology. Whether you're young, middle-age or older, you'll adore it.
For all its shortcomings, Coraline nevertheless has more imagination, heart and inventiveness in it than most recent animated films.
You know from the very first sequence that Coraline is an extraordinary movie that is going to rattle the bejeezus out of young audience members and -- the truth be told -- their fathers as well.
It would be difficult for any filmmaker to mimic Gaiman's seductively amusing and imaginative writing, and Selick, who also wrote the script, should be commended for not falling back on some golden-tongued narrator. But his Coraline could use more spunk.
The movie, though, dares not go below the surface. Could the problem be its use of 3-D? Did the filmmakers think that to offset this additional, illusory visual dimension they had to remove all depth from the story itself?
It's the stop-motion figures themselves who steal the show. They're so vivid and expressive, in both body and facial movements, that they cease being mere puppets and take on a life all their own.
The fine details and surreal flourishes Selick lavishes upon Coraline's tentative travels into the unknown are a never-ending delight. Even during the sections of the story that are intended to disturb.
A cinematically inventive, dramatically involving children's adventure that isn't exclusively aimed at children. There's no talking down, no softening of potentially unsettling moments. It's awesome.
A stunning visual delight, this beautifully-made animated adventure will thrill children of about eight and above.
Coraline offers no broad explanation for its supernatural peculiarities. It doesn't need it. These things exist in the world we know, albeit in more ethereal forms.
A film so delightfully creative, vibrant and yes, a little dark that it once again proves that Mr. Selick is a rare creature in the world of filmmaking, that rare kind of filmmaker whose creativity and vision knows no bounds.
Coraline proves Selick to be a champion storyteller with stop-motion animation. He resurrects the dark sinisterness of Nightmare and cannily merges it with a touch of Alice in Wonderland and Arachnophobia.
This animated fairytale is visually dazzling, fun and weaves an atmosphere somewhere between magical and creepy.
Here's a splendid cautionary tale for any child who has ever, mid-tantrum, wailed, "I'll just go find my real parents!"
This is a wonderful-looking animation with a wafer-thin plot.
As in the Grimm Brothers stories, there's something very pagan in Coraline, something that doesn't jibe with our feelings that good always defeats evil. Rather it insists that cleverness and a little treachery is always needed to save our skins.
A juvenile nightmare that children can gasp and giggle along with and feel a bit braver for surviving.
Whilst the denouement is a little rushed, not meeting the exceptional standards established in the first two thirds of the film, the deconstruction of the other world is fascinating as it unravels in front of your eyes.
Coraline is one of those films where I was blown away by the complexity of it from the second it began to the moment it ended.
You're on your own when it comes to knowing how tolerant your children are for a good scare. Coraline is that rare movie that can be debated by psychiatrists as avidly as it is by third-graders.
Understated, dark and wonderful, it's a classic for those of Coraline's age.
Gloriously gothic and deliciously creepy.
Coraline's dangerous predicament, coupled with the eye-popping set design, makes for a sinister and menacing universe that provides excitement and thrills, but may be a little too intense for younger viewers used to more sanitised fare.
The sinister undertones could be unsettling for preschoolers, but Coraline is a rare treat for kids old enough to appreciate its exotic rush of wonder, weirdness and wildly imaginative adventure.
Freudians, you have our permission to knock yourselves out.
Coraline looks fantastic and is wonderfully told, but you should probably leave your five and six year olds at home, especially if they get nightmares easily.
Will win over older audience with the story and design, rather than 'adult jokes' hidden within a juvenile narrative.
Kids can enjoy this but they're not the primary target.
It's wildly inventive, thoroughly amusing and fuelled by unhinged imagination. And it's creepy as all hell.
With its silky visuals and breathtaking creativity, Coraline is one of the few modern features to prove that Pixar doesn't have a monopoly on animated excellence.
Visually, "Coraline" rests between Terry Gilliam's rudimentary "Monty Python" work and Pixar's prestigious polish. Every background is beautiful in a children's film that's mesmerizing and a bit bothersome at times, just as it should be.
The Nightmare Before Christmas test required. If the kiddies survive that one without developing an intense fear of the boogeyman or Santa Claus, Coraline gets a green light.
Parents of impressionable littlies should be mindful that the film does descend into a very effective nightmare world in the final reel and some time could be spent shielding eyes from Selick's more confronting creations.
Gaiman's great story and Selick's direction make it a fun few hours in the theater. Just don't take anybody under eight.
Coraline is equal parts funny and frightening. This isn't a cute story for kids... but one of the most sophisticated, rewarding works of American fantasy cinema.
An amazing stop-motion achievement.
While Selick's production is not by any stretch graphic or gory, the use of odd and irregular shapes, proportions, and movement creates a dark symphony of macabre images that horrify the psyche and chill the blood all the same.
Evokes "Beetlejuice" and "Pan's Labyrinth" but is much more of a children's movie and a damned good one at that.
It might be too sophisticated and scary for children, but it at least never insults their intelligence.
With Coraline, Henry Selick and his team of stop-motion animators have created a real wonder, one that will entertain children for years to come.
Coraline has enough exhilaration and dread to remind viewers of the first time they read about Gretel pushing the Witch into the oven
This is one of those films that works best if you can forget about the source material. Selick's film is more like a three-ring circus.
A wonderfully inventive film.
The 3-D animation is just superb in Coraline; the imagination of Neil Gaiman has taken flight with director Henry Selick.
Coraline is a genuinely creepy film that employs 3-D trickery to its best affect. A deliciously entertaining mythological adventure.
The visual invention is staggering, ranging from fabulous fantasy to eerie scary
A whimsical fantasy created in stop animation and set in alternate universes, Coraline is a visual treat certain to whisk every age into a magical wonderland.
A whimsical fantasy created in stop animation and set in alternate universes, Coraline is a visual treat certain to whisk every age into a magical wonderland.
It takes an extraordinary mind to create a truly original, truly new, truly beautiful fable, Coraline is one such creation.
Walks the thin line between scary and downright entertaining...
A wonderfully weird film, a modern-day Alice in Wonderland that marries technology and good old-fashioned storytelling.
Coraline is near perfect family entertainment - if your family can handle some pretty ghoulish creatures.
At times it was trying too hard to be WHIMSICAL %u2122 and missing the point that whimsy is best taken unselfconsciously. By all means see it if you can also endure the tedious splendor that is Nightmare Before Christmas. They are both stunning to look
If you're going to make a movie that doesn't quite add up to the sum of its parts, you might as well make sure those parts are beautifully formed.
The film combines stunning visuals - there are scenes of incredible beauty - with good old-fashioned storytelling that is funny, inventive and at times scary. Destined to be a classic.
The movie is beautifully crafted, but like the same director's other stop-motion feature, Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas, it will mystify and in some cases terrify younger children.
It's easy to admire the film's psychedelic surrealism and its marvellous design, but it's not a great deal of fun.
Here the film goes very dark but kids will lap it up, scares and all.
Here's my recommendation, don't let this be your kid's first scary movie, especially in the 3D, which is the only way to see this beautiful, hypnotic film.
This dark edge will be the biggest test of the film as a commercial prospect: it may be too terrifying for the target audience. But for braver kids - and parents - this is a thrilling, even challenging ride.
Like the Tin Man of Oz, Coraline is a miracle of engineering - and absolutely heartless.
Technically, it's impeccable. But it's madly out of synch with the 12A certificate.
Some scary fun.
A gorgeously hand-crafted and pleasurably detailed piece of work. It's also genuinely strange, creepy and arresting.
The results are simply astonishing. Selick has created a richly detailed, beautifully realised set of parallel worlds and allows us to become as lost as Coraline herself in and between their exquisite textures.
Coraline is more of an odd curiosity than a must see, lacking the storytelling innovation to match its visual panache.
Endlessly inventive and impeccably realised, it's tough to find fault with this freaky, feisty fable.
It's not really suitable for younger children but their elder brothers and sisters will be fiendishly entranced by the best children's movie this year. Naysayers can button it.
Rich, ingenious and frighteningly close to home, Selick's new nightmare puts him nearer to Guillermo del Toro and David Lynch than Tim Burton. See it in 3D. Then sleep with the light on.
Admirably, it never condescends, and the subtexts about child abduction and the nature of maternal love identify Coraline as something measurably apart from what traditionally passes for "kids" films these days.
Off-beat, weird, original, intense, stunning, jaw-dropping, enthralling and ingenious, this film is a beautiful piece of work that will hold your attention and capture your heart.
It lacks narrative drive, psychological depth and, most of all, warmth. This is a 'family' movie that offers an extremely dark view of human nature without providing much to relieve it.
It may be a little too complex and mildly disturbing for wee ones, but its lush gothic style and amazing effects will impress film fans.
Coraline may end up as a cult classic watched by students rather than their little sisters.
The vision of Henry Selick adds a darkness to this sometimes sinister fairy tale.
Selick's wonderful stop-motion adaptation of Neil Gaiman's children's novel has a lot to do with distortions, idealisations and celebrations of home.
A virtuoso piece of storytelling with amazing attention to detail.
Skittering up goosebumps of wonderment at every turn, this latest spooky stop motion from director Henry Selick is a visual masterpiece - yet misses that magic ingredient: a heart.
Beautifully animated, superbly designed and impressively directed, this is a delightfully imaginative tale with strong characters and a great script.
Based on the Neil Gaiman book, this is another refreshingly dark kids' movie from Selick that never undermines its creepy story to assure undemanding audience members. And it looks utterly fantastic.
This deliciously creepy fairy- tale-penned by Neil Gaiman and adapted by Nightmare Before Christmas director Henry Selick-might just be the best 3D film ever made. It is, without doubt, the best I've seen.
Imagine Burton's unique, warped, off-kilter vision crossed with the darkest of Roald Dahl's kids tales in 3D and you'll come close to Coraline's warped brilliance. Disney this ain't.
It's weird and wonderful stuff, with Selick using the 3D sparingly to subtly add depth and texture to this magical, macabre world.
Unfortunately Coraline is one of those movies that one thought one would have liked more . . .
Terrifying and beautiful, believable and fantastical, this is one of the best children's films in years and Selick's finest - better even than The Nightmare Before Christmas.
Superbly edited and paced just right, Coraline will keep you glued to the screen until the end.
A delightfully dark fairy tale!
Inventive visuals and a serious scary streak permeate Coraline, a ripping example of stop-motion animation that's overflowing in wild detail.
The movie is a visual treat with every color in the crayon box on display.
...boasts an unapologetically thin storyline that grows increasingly problematic as the movie progresses.
The quality of Selick's craft and the dense, haunting nature of Gaiman's morality tale for children collectively make Coraline a resonant visceral experience.
richly creepy, funny and completely confident
The other mother in Coraline is mother-love gone berserk, all-consuming and self-serving.
Ripe with colors and magic and mystery. 3D is very nice. Cools off towards end. Spooky.
the film starts off in traditional children's fable territory, it does get quite scary towards its end.
Coraline is just dazzling to look at, the kind of film where the frame seems to be bursting with things to discover.
Coraline is meant for children. But it's neither infantile nor condescending. It has a moral... without being preachy or sanctimonious, bypasses the cynical formula that makes so many animated features so headache-inducing.
A vibrant, imaginative, and, above all, unapologetically dark children's horror fantasy.
Creepy and cool
One fantastic entertainment for viewers of any age.
An eye-popping animated extravaganza.
Employing stop-motion animation that renders human beings with the distinctive characteristics evident in both The Nightmare Before Christmas and James and the Giant Peach, Selick finds the perfect look to bring Gaiman's vision to life.
A gift to imagination.
It's one of the best fantasy stories on the screen in some time, and possibly the most kid-friendly horror movie of all time.
The artistry on display in Coraline cannot be underestimated.
Coraline is a mesmerizing tale with macabre stitching. There's no blood, but Coraline is a haunting horrorfest located in a weird wonderland.
packed to the brim with evil, hunger, and the reasons we used to leap across the dark at the top of the stairs
Because Selick remains true to the novel's spirit, the film rises far above being a mere novelty.
The 3D component in Coraline is mostly in the background, but several big scenes explode with vivid color and utilize the technology in awesome ways.
Borrowing a bit from Hansel And Gretel, this lush and spooky 3-D enhanced animated world both enchants and disturbs. And with giddy comic interludes by way of peculiar grownups, like the obese Venus on half shell, overstocked with big boob chuckles.
So dynamically careens between set pieces of elation and dread that one hardly has time to soak in all the twirling, tumbling visual marvels enveloping the screen.
A considerable achievement of visual dread.
It is as though Gaiman's novel were written with Selick's visual approach in mind, and it's hard to imagine the story being told in anything other than the film's seamless blend of tactile and digital media.
Suficientemente fascinante para merecer uma forte e inequívoca recomendação.
Selick and his crack team of animators have preserved the essential non-reality of stop-motion while infusing each character, even the scenery, with a wealth of emotions
The film to beat in the Oscar race for 2009's best animated feature.
Doesn't pander to the audience by gratuitiously accenting the heeby-jeebies.
Somewhere between Gaiman's writing and the rendering on the screen this film loses coherence with too little happening that makes sense.
This beautifully rendered stop-animated movie is so masterfully realized, it already has staked its claim as one of the animated films to beat at next year's Academy Awards.
An interesting comment on parent-child relationships ... there's a certain amount of mystery ... and disappointment to [one's] parents.
Coraline, a stop-motion 3-D fantasia, is Alice in Wonderland without an Alice.
Coraline succeeds more so visually than it does in terms of plot and dialogue.
A remarkable work, but it's not without its flaws, nor without its potential perils for younger viewers.
A charming winner - the 3-D effects have the frozen in place charm of antique stereoscope postcards.
The Wizard of Oz for the 21st century.
This is a classic fantasy tale in the great tradition of the brothers Grimm and it is wonderfully visualized.
A comfortably creepy yet modernized Grimm fairy tale in the time-honored tradition of "be careful what you wish for."
Head and shoulders above any other family fantasy in recent memory.
[An] elemental tale of childhood fantasies and nightmares... uncomfortabl[y] honesty about the dark side of being a kid...
Yes, it comes off as an "Alice in Wonderland" copy but it's still fun viewing for the whole family. The 3-D gimmick never gets old and director Selick uses it with style.
Neil Gaiman's hugely popular 2002 children's horror novel Coraline has been given the animated 3-D treatment but you may want to keep the toddlers away from this one.
Be careful what you wish for, kiddies. Your wish might be granted...and with it, your worst nightmares.
Regardless of its esteemed pedigree of writer Neil Gaiman and director/animator Henry Selick ("The Nightmare Before Christmas") this creepy gothic kids' movie doesn't approach anything that the Brother Grimm cooked up on a off day.
[F]or all of its attempted transgressive wonderment and morbid curiosity, Coraline remains firmly grounded in convention.
Coraline is strange and bizarre and undeniably beautiful.
Well-crafted and effectively creepy.
While the 3-D effect is truly spectacular, it's the story that stokes the imaginations of children.
A mastery of inspiration by writer-director Henry Selick. At the finale of this visual delight, every hired hand and technician also deserve acclaim.
Offbeat and wildly imaginative.
[There] are places where [director Henry] Selick and the animators do such a good job that you'll swear it's a four-dimensional movie and not three.
Coraline mixes the dark and the light in the perfect amounts; the result is all the sweeter for having dared to tread the bitter path of childhood fears and uncertainties.
A rare animated movie that adults might be tempted to check out with or without kids in tow.
This is sure to be on permanent loop in homes everywhere, and deservedly so.
probably the most refreshing thing I've seen in months and easily the first great film of 2009
It's a movie of consummate technical sophistication that evokes the half-forgotten terrors of childhood with a spine-tingling precision.
Selick puts his real faith not in the gimmickry that Coraline's audiences will think they've shown up for, but in the stronger virtues that they'd likely view as old-fashioned: character, and story, and so on.
A foreboding, whimsical, altogether spectacularly mounted fable.
A visual stunner that takes animation to thrilling new heights.
Coraline proves dazzling on the surface, but in the end that's all it is.
[The] chilly visual vocabulary, along with a narrative that too often detours into ingenious irrelevancies, makes Coraline an object to be admired, but not embraced.
There really needs to be more films with smart, mischievous young girls.
Like Coraline in the doppelgänger world, we swoon over all the neat stuff without ever making ourselves at home.
Coraline is equal parts fanciful, menacing, beautiful, and subversive.
A a children's entertainment that's much too scary for little kids (ugly insects provide a pervasive visual motif) and too lifeless to enchant older audiences.
Gorgeously fantastic, in all senses of the word.
Coraline is a plucky heroine, and director Selig's imagination is indisputable. But the story falters in parts, and its dark tone could be off-putting for children.
This animated screen rendering of Neil Gaiman's masterful children's horror fantasy is so full of life and texture, it's almost gilding the lily to add the third dimension to it.
The effect is enchanting, and in the best sense of the word, homemade.
What a rich, strange vision it is.
Nearly everything in Coraline has been painstakingly handmade.
This PG-rated film, though visually splendid and thoroughly engaging, is also too eerie for most kids.
Cool but creepy animated fantasy too scary for young kids.
This is perhaps the most effective 3-D movie I have ever seen, with a sophisticated, involving story that will appeal to many adults.
An extraordinary achievement that nevertheless falls short of its full potential, Coraline is absolutely worth seeing, for older children and adults alike.
A labor of love in every frame.
Coraline is a remarkable feat of imagination, a magical tale with a genuinely sinister edge.
What a beautiful world Henry Selick has created with CORALINE.
Coraline impresses mightily. It's just not particularly enjoyable.
Coraline is a hand-crafted masterpiece of American animation.
It is a sumptuous visual feast and a perfectly enchanting story.
Although fairytale, art and cinema references abound, Coraline is thoroughly and excitingly original -- and quite possibly the best 3-D movie ever made.
Spooky, stunning and savvy, Coraline is one of those kids movies that makes you wonder if all the kids are going to walk out of the theater with hair scared white and eyeballs frozen in awe.
While this stop-motion-animated fantasy film might be a little much for some really sensitive young viewers, it's visually inventive and captivating.
The writer-director and his gifted animators impress with stop-motion detail. Yet Coraline is short on delight
Parents may need to give a reassuring squeeze now and then, but Coraline is the best kind of children's entertainment -- smartly told and deeply felt.
I suspect you could turn the sound off and still be terrified, amused and delighted.
Selick catches you, along with Coraline, in a spider's web, and his visual splendor transfixes you, even when you feel the strands tightening around your brain.
If there has ever been a case of visual style winning out over substance than this is that case, Selick weaving a web of almost ridiculous beauty I can recall moment after moment where I was left ecstatically breathless.
This is a rich, intricate world of microscopic detail, nothing short of complete, immersive enchantment.
Parental Content Review
Selick creates a visual wonderland, with a timeless animation style that will make this a favorite for repeat viewings.
On a technical level alone, Coraline is a stunning achievement and may just be the finest example of stop-motion animation yet put onscreen.
Creative visual effects but little emotional vibrancy in the central story.
Scary and sinister, aimed at children age eight or over...and be sure to view it in 3-D because that's where the creepy magic is hidden.
A fascinating, cautionary tale for those of us who are always thinking the grass is always greener
Too bad the filmmakers didn't utilize more of the closing credit techniques throughout.
With its dark tale of changeling parents and imprisoned souls, Coraline comes closer to the bracing spirit of the traditional European fairy tale than perhaps any other film, animated or otherwise, in recent memory.
It's a film for grownups that remember their childhood, and it's a film that takes animation in America to an entirely new level. It's "dark" and it's a "masterpiece."
Coraline lingers in an atmosphere that is creepy, wonderfully strange and full of feeling.
It's not just the 3-D glasses that add an extra dimension to the horror and hilarity of Coraline.
Just the kind of kids' movie I like... It'll scare the crap out of them as well it should. Something's gotta toughen them up.
Writer-director Henry Selick's delightfully imaginative toon delves into another dreamscape.
This is the perfect movie to show a kid who's outgrown the Little Mermaid phase of her or his life, right before you sit the child down in front of Eraserhead for the first time.
At the dawn of a new age of 3-D filmmaking, the stop-motion/3-D hybrid Coraline is going to make you gasp out loud.
The story is always front and center, and it never fails to delight, and at times terrify, the audience.
You should go and see it, if only to remind yourself that entertainment for children can be challenging, and beautiful, and brutal, and hard to watch sometimes.
After watching it I can only say, if you're curious about this story, read the book, and don't bother with this version.
There is more imagination and invention on display here than in all the films of January put together.
Deeply frightening, telling a story that could bore into your kids' nightmares if you're not careful.
Anytime one of these [stop-motion animated films] turns up, and turns up well, we should show gratitude for the treasure.
Easily the best movie of the young year so far and the first worthy contender for Best Animated Film of 2009.
A visual masterpiece combined with a decent story
A visually stunning family-oriented fantasy that will simultaneously enchant kids and creep out parents.
The animation is just plain jaw-dropping, and the implementation of 3D gives the film an added boost of visual splendor. You feel like you're living it.
The creepier it gets, the more mesmerizing the visuals, ravishingly grotesque and dazzlingly inventive.
keeps the welcome resurgence of mildly-intelligent, strangely-topical animated features rolling.
Is it premature to assign it classic status?
Children who like being scared will get a kick out of this wildly creative movie; adults needn't have a child in tow to enjoy it, too.
It's easy to take the seamless complexities of stop-motion for granted. But from grand design to the smallest detail, the craftsmanship of Coraline is impeccable.
For all its visual delights, Coraline remains more an engaging spectacle than a connective drama.
Nothing short of magical.
If you have a 10-and-up who's drawn to alt-comics, smart books, dark clothing, and general pop culture subversion, the movie will be his or her Wonderland.
This is fairy tale stuff right out of the Brothers Grimm .... Think Dr. Seuss by way of Edward Gorey.
If 3-D is going to survive in cinemas as more than a carnivalesque gimmick, filmmakers will have to deliver more movies like the macabre and wonderful 'Coraline,' in which... the 'dimensionality' becomes part of the story.
One of the best, biggest mind-blowing experiences you're likely to have in the theater this year -- and normally I hate dead superlatives like 'mind-blowing,' but it's the only sincere phrase I can think of here.
Would the 8-year-old me have fallen for Coraline? Maybe not. Like my own 8-year-old, at that age I was more into comedy than anything designed to give me the comic willies. But the adult me is a big fan.
Sure, there's no subtext about saving the planet, but for 2009, Pixar's got to play catch-up.
...the first 3-D movie that made me forget I was watching 3-D - and that's a good thing.
The most unnerving kids movie in many a full moon, and also one of the best.
For a movie that rarely leaves the house, Coraline takes a number of inspired detours.
A stop-motion-animation classic-to-be...both in concept and execution, Coraline is wildly creative stuff.
A work of wondrous animation with engaging characters, charming dialogue and more than a few intense moments.
Coraline, director Henry Selick's adaptation of Neil Gaiman's novel, is essentially a horror movie for kids, but it is also gentle and funny and whimsical, and even in its darkest moments, Selick never forgets who his target audience is.
The problem is Gaiman's story, which keeps accumulating otherworldly mythology but doesn't establish a clear line of action in the home stretch.
Coraline may prove unsuitably macabre for the youngest viewers. Yet your children and you are unlikely to see a film anytime soon that has more of a handmade feel -- a value unto itself.
The incredible stop-motion 3-D animation only magnifies the story. And it's a great story.
A veritable portfolio of dazzling stop-motion sequences so virtuosic as to lift you not only out of your workaday brain but, sometimes, out of the film itself as well.
I admire the film mostly because it is good to look at.
A consistent splendor to behold.
It's a gorgeous picture to behold, but fails to absorb smoothly, for the surreal nature of the material often overwhelms basic storytelling requirements. Coraline is an easy film to admire, but not always to watch.
Elements of this movie are too dark; it feels like Invasion of the Body Snatchers for kids
The imaginative story makes vivid use of 3-D technology, but beware: It's potentially super-scary for small kids.
The 3-D isn't a Super Bowl-commercial-style gimmick, but instead a savory essential element, used with restraint and in artfully deliberate contrast to the grounded tactility of Selick's signature stop-motion animation.
Coraline is a spectacle you'll enjoy from start to finish.
Selick effortlessly immerses the audience in a surreal fantasia.
Mind-blowing, stunningly beautiful and ingenious, I'll risk being struck by lightning and say Coraline far surpasses director Henry Selick's best known work, The Nightmare Before Christmas.
An animated film that might be too good for children. It arrives in time to expose the atrocious Wall-E.
...a marvel of storytelling and technology melded together into a wonderful whole.
For all the polished electrons of the latest works from Pixar, Blue Sky or DreamWorks, Selick and Co. show that stop-motion animation still looks, moves and feels like nothing at all the computer animator's terrabytes can mimic.
Coraline, the first stop-motion animated film to be conceived and shot in 3-D, is visually dazzling, as you'd expect -- but strangely joyless.
Tales of alternate worlds are always fascinating when done right, and Coraline fits that description.
This thrilling stop-motion animated adventure is a high point in [Henry] Selick's career of creating handcrafted wonderlands of beauty blended with deep, disconcerting creepiness.
The 3-D in Coraline is so low-key that I forgot it was there for much of the film. But maybe that's less a knock on the visuals than it is a compliment to the movie's ability to pull me into its zany world.
The first stop-motion animated feature in stereoscopic 3-D is a multi-dimensional show-stopper -- an idiosyncratic adolescent adventure tale as well as its own bright shiny new thing.
Deliciously macabre...an animated film with a true touch of dark poetry.
In a genre packed with derivative visuals and too hip for homeroom pop culture jibes, Coraline is a welcome return to pure animation splendor.
A modern fairy tale with visual wonders to spare... Handcrafted, obviously, means something special with a movie like this.
In the same way that movies like Waltz with Bashir and Persepolis open up the possibilities of animated storytelling for adults, Coraline dares aim above the heads of toddlers.
What Coraline has is a plucky and sassy little girl who's a gas to spend time with. After 100 minutes, you'll follow her anywhere.
Selick's work has always been fascinating, but he has never had better material to work with than Coraline (sorry, Roald Dahl and Tim Burton.)
Coraline works as long as you don't expect it to stick with you.
A certain leisurely pace in the first act and a bit of routine mopping up in the third are all that stand between it and genuine masterpiece status.
The 3-D effects aren't overdone but are used intelligently to make this world come brilliantly to life.
Although it features some of the most exquisite stop motion animation seen to date, even more glorious to watch in 3D, the tone of the film is curiously unsympathetic.
Eerily inhabiting the netherworld where a young girl's wildest dreams become her cruelest nightmares, Coraline is a dark delight.
[Director] Selick has a great fantasy filmmaker's artistry, but he lacks that overflowing Geppetto-esque love that brings puppets to life. In Coraline, he's woozy with his own lyricism.
As fine-looking a 3D stop-motion fantasy that four years of top-flight craftsmanship can produce.

@highlight

With its vivid stop-motion animation combined with Neil Gaiman's imaginative story, Coraline is a film that's both visually stunning and wondrously entertaining.