Seriously, how in the name of all that is holy do you come up with the idea to introduce Hugh Jackman's Blackbeard singing along to Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit with his mining workers?
Goodness, it's an un-magical affair, weighed down by flashy visual effects and a cumbersome, over-complicated story, and almost entirely devoid of anything resembling charm.
There isn't a single thing in Pan that works.
Pan never quite feels like this is what creator J.M. Barrie had in mind for his epic character.
The real star is newcomer [Levi] Miller, who displays all the qualities one would expect from a boy hero.
It's a shipwrecked extravaganza for an audience that doesn't exist.
For an origin story, this felt like a clump of loose ends and square pegs that never fit.
Because between the inadvertently hilarious and the downright offensive, Pan is a generic mold for a reboot that shares little with the original beyond a handful of proper nouns.
It's terrible to watch enchantment leak from a film.
Frenetic, muddled and hopelessly encumbered with meaningless special effects, Pan is chaotic, a bit of a mess.
Creating a gritty backstory for a 12-year-old can't have been easy, but director Joe Wright pulls it off with great aplomb, making it one of the most entertaining visits to Neverland so far.
Blackbeard shouts, 'You shall be rewarded with confectionary!' Kids love confectionary more than life. That doesn't mean it's good for them. 'Pan' is cinematic confectionary.
Jackman's Blackbeard is a high point.
Collectively, it's all too much, and this sweet story about a boy looking for his mother and finding his place in the world is overpowered by how things look, rather than what we should feel.
Painting Neverland in such drab colours, with a story that revolves around child labour, is hardly a blueprint for a fun-packed movie.
Jackman throws himself into the role, while little Levi Miller, although serviceable, doesn't quite get the room to show signs of being the boy who eventually comes to be Peter Pan - a factor that only serves to pull down the film further.
Joe Wright creates feelings of pure joy and wonder in the audience as he takes our hand and flies us over the surreal landscape of a world that does not exist.
[Wright's] airy sensibility regarding the material melds with the arts-and-crafts production design to create an earnestly fun, brightly colored joyride.
The story is clunky and too many of its details jar with Barrie's original. Didn't Captain Hook go to Eton? How come he's suddenly become an American cowboy? And given that he still has both hands, why on earth is he already called Hook?
A postmodern splish-splash, this film ziplines here, there, everywhere. The movie's feel skids from circus-tent carnivalesque to amusement-park giddiness. Never boring, Pan's also never sure what it wants to be.
The fantasy adventure invites our senses on an awfully big adventure, but lands with a dull thud where it matters most: our hearts.
All the key players in this movie are unquestionably talented, but they're part of something that feels like a blatant and somewhat desperate attempt to be something it's not: a movie that captures the imagination and ignites a franchise.
A soulless special effects extravaganza. Quite possibly the least pleasurable Peter Pan story in any format, ever.
Even with its excellent special effects, it's a shame to see Wright and co. completely turn [Peter Pan] in to a flat, and boring prequel we never asked for in the first place.
Joe Wright's Pan is lacking in the fun, excitement, and magic that made earlier adaptations of Peter Pan so endearing and memorable, leaving behind a troubled prequel that even kids will more than likely find to be a tremendous bore.
A crazy, colourful adventure anchored by a delightfully devilish turn from Jackman.
Full of amazing effects and riding a fine, over-the-top performance by Hugh Jackman, "Pan" is sure to be a hit with the 12-14 crowd.
Loud and lumbering, its seems like a transparent attempt to launch a franchise based more on financial than creative rationale.
"Pan" just peters out.
A deeply disappointing film from an incredibly talented filmmaker. It sometimes works. More often, it doesn't. It's mostly watchable, but it's a lot of fuss over not much.
While the special effects are as good as anything you'll see in a cinema this year, some of the performances are end-of-the-pier awful and the storyline's a crib sheet of at least half a dozen much better fantasy flicks.
Pan is fast-paced and visually impressive.
For the most part this is as flimsy as Tinkerbell's wings: big on gossamer sparkle, low on substance.
Although not without problems, 'Pan' is worth seeing because of its amazing special effects, impressive cinematography, and imaginative production design.
Wright stages some very colourful set-pieces, but the film-making never takes wing. It doesn't help that the performances are as broad as any you will find in a pantomime at the Hackney Empire.
While children may be spellbound by the amazing special effects and outrageous events, lovers of Peter Pan may want to quickly return to the original's simpler charms.
Given how much of Pan is frustratingly wrongheaded, the whole thing should have been given the hook long before it ever hit theaters.
For all its eye-catching design, however, Pan sorely lacks a much-needed sense of wonderment, and by focusing its efforts on the outlandish it forgets to be playful.
It's enough particularly for young viewers who might not be so invested in the JM Barrie origins, but those more interested in seeing the relationship between Peter and Hook develop will be left wanting much more.
Hey, it could be worse. It could be Spielberg's Hook.
Pan does what it sets out to do, delivering comfortably on the action and spectacle fronts. Though it's not quite the film it could have been.
There may be an interesting way to explore the origins of The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up, but for all its flights of fantasy and aesthetic panache, Pan isn't it.
It never looks less than fabulous, even when director Joe Wright's high-flying ambitions overcrowd the senses and the sensational.
The overuse of CGI effects in Pan is exhausting and incomprehensible, even within the crazed logic of a fairytale.
I counted at least half a dozen people leaving before this film was even half-way through, including children who were audibly trying to reconcile the spectacle on screen with the animated Disney version they know so well.
A movie that works only for kids, but if you start to look more into it its flawed at best. [Full review in Spanish]
The title signifies that deeply special and mythical "Pan" down which all your cinematic hopes must be flushed. ... Or maybe there's a missing "i" between the second and third letters.
Come back, Steven Spielberg's Hook! All is forgiven.
A prequel that takes a few liberties but retains the adventurous spirit of the classic tale. [Full review in Spanish]
A smart reinvention of a classic story. Go see this one with your family, your friends or on a date. [Full review in Spanish]
It's too busy trying to demystify the mystical things that make Peter Pan interesting in the first place.
Upon walking out of Pan, all I could muster was, "Well, it's better than Hook." That's not high praise.
A charmless mix of "Pirates of the Caribbean" and The Color Run.
When the cast starts singing "Here we are now, entertain us," it sounds like more of a plea from the audience itself. Shouldn't a story about Peter Pan be at least a little entertaining?
Any chance of excitement and fun is absent. [Full review in Spanish]
If Pan's screenplay is a lesson in anything, it's that most beloved stories don't require a whole cinematic universe to go along with them.
Joe Wright's version of Neverland is full of wonders, but he also adds some post-modern touches. [Full review in Spanish]
An embarrassingly empty pastiche of numerous beloved action blockbusters, all frenetic action and soulless mishmashes of fantasy imagery.
It's a pantomime. And not the good kind where you can unironically enjoy the campy theatrics.
After several high-profile grown-up movies (from Atonement to Anna Karenina), director Joe Wright aims this Peter Pan origin story squarely at children.
A film that's saturated, overdone, frenetic, overwhelming and full of insonsitencies. [Full review in Spanish]
In spite of good visual effects, the script never captures the magic of the characters. I'll stick to the Disney version. [Full review in Spanish]
Total lack of forward momentum is made worse by a bland cast of characters and uninspired action.
The most cheering surprise of the season is "Pan."
Amid all the camp craziness of Wright's vision, with Jackman twirling his moustache as if his life depends on it, Miller is the one truly watchable element of the film. The rest could have done with drastic pruning.
Pan has good intentions, it even has superb acting by Hugh Jackman, but the movie itself never really takes off. [Full review in Spanish]
Special effects and art design combine to create a visual spectacle able to caprture kids and adults alike. [Full review in Spanish]
Joe Wrights puts his signature on the atmosphere between a dream and a nightmare where his characters shine, specially Peter and Tiger Lilly. [Full review in Spanish]
A prequel made just in hopes of building a franchise, nothing else. [Full review in Spanish]
It reminds me most of Sylvain Chomet's The Triplets of Belleville. It's great.
Takes some absolutely bizarre turns that will leave most scratching their heads, but kids will be too enamored with the lush visuals and colorful characters to care.
Pan was two hours of eye candy in place of hollow storytelling. What could have been a unique spin on Peter Pan was replaced by a film overwhelmed by its own spectacle.
The film fulfills its limited mandate of providing fast-paced adventure and some nice eye candy without adding anything memorable to the tale of The Boy Who Can Fly.
A grotesque, fantasy-adventure flop....
The very idea behind Pan is ill-conceived. Who wants a prequel to Peter Pan?
The film is overwrought with visuals that at best are hit-and-miss, and his actors all seem to be in a different movie.
Pan falls short at being either an imaginative origin story for Peter Pan and/or a satisfying standalone big-budget fantasy adventure.
Pan's playful design and cultural anachronisms present intriguing ideas amid a rather pedestrian script.
Tasked to come up with any sort of backstory to get us to the flying and the crowing and the Lost Boys and the never growing up, Pan goes with what has become default fantasy template No. 1.
This Pan isn't likely to age well, but what do you expect from a story that refuses to grow up?
There's plenty in this family film for children, but it's not wondrous or original enough for any age group.
Here is a passable entertainer that can be the cause of your child's mirth but that's about it.
It is difficult not to approach Pan with a deep, weary sigh.
Pointless, joyless, and insulting to Barrie and his beloved fairy tale.
Whatever it is, here's Pan, the grittier, overexposed origin tale of how Peter Pan came to be Peter Pan that aims to tap into the boundless market of viewers who like when everything is explained in painstaking detail...
Uneven origin story is disappointing; expect some violence.
'Hook' and 'Finding Neverland' at least seemed to know what Peter Pan was about. 'Pan' feels like Any Blockbuster remade as Peter Pan.
The picture offers no boundaries for Wright's vision, but the wide open space confuses the talented helmer. This isn't a bad movie, it's merely a punishingly permissive one.
The "boy who could fly" still takes to the air, but this cumbersome, weighty, bombastic bit of backstory feels like an over-crammed, tossed-around piece of movie baggage.
This joyless, juiceless Pan is a theme-park ride from hell.
It's all surface thrills and computer-generated spectacle. What's missing is the magic, and that's a shame. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
Its bizarre, carnival-style filmmaking approach isn't enough to launch a new franchise.
For all the eye-popping effects and hyperkinetic action, there's no joyful innocence here. There's no sense of childlike wonder. Just a lifeless machine, dully ticking away like a clock in a crocodile's belly.
The movie's ultimately more exhausting that it is exhilarating, as if it were furiously preoccupied with figuring out how to keep from growing up, instead of just staying young at heart.
It holds the makings of a classic in its hands. And then subtly, heartbreakingly, it all starts to go wrong.
It might not be the best Peter Pan story, but, thankfully, this one doesn't have Brian Williams' daughter cackling like a rooster.
In fashioning a creation myth for Peter Pan, director Joe Wright and writer Jason Fuchs have produced such a thin story that they reduce, rather than amplify, J.M. Barrie's famous characters.
"Pan" over-invests in special effects. This is painfully felt in the movie's endless, noisy and emotionally inert climax, where the characters and story get lost in the digital razzle-dazzle.
Between 'Hook,' the faithful 2003 adaptation and the 1953 classic, there's not a lot of fertile ground for new Pan stories and this prequel fails to validate its existence.
Yes, "Pan" is a fresh take on Peter, and while it introduces us to Neverland and a boy who will eventually never grow up, it does almost nothing to attempt to explain how or why he becomes the character we all know so well.
Dear lord, it's like Rooney Mara was crushed by a United Colours of Benetton ad.
A hectic and labored attempt to supply the boy who never grew up with an origin story.
Let's not mince words: This movie stinks.
By the end, the only happy thought "Pan" inspires is a desire to flee the theater.
Passable adventure that offers the occasional flash of real cleverness.
nonsensical and insulting
A botched interpretation of the classic story that trades spectacle for coherence.
It might not be the best version of the character, but it got enough adventure for kids to enjoy. [Full review in Spanish]
This new Peter Pan tries to be a mix of everything we saw this summer, but in the end the movie feels pretentious and boring. [Full review in Spanish]
A horrible and colorful prequel directed by Joe Wright that's all over the place. [Full review in Spanish]
There's good bits and pieces, but ultimately its superficiality and defects overcome whatever good the movie may had. [Full review in Spanish]
Sometimes, classic stories don't benefit from re-imaginings or embellishments. Sometimes, it's not worth knowing what happened before the fun starts. Sometimes, such mysteries are best left alone.
Screenwriter Jason Fuchs ("Ice Age: Continental Drift") creates a prequel to the J.M. Barrie classic, sprinkling it with insider nods to what is yet to come but British director Joe Wright ("Hanna") has gone bonkers putting it on the screen.
The movie's generic plot and characters ... are entirely in the service of its design elements.
This joyless, 10-megaton bomb fails in just about every imaginable way, as well as some you couldn't possibly imagine.
Wright seems overwhelmed by the material, and he fails to make us care about any of the characters.
Who in the world was crying out for a prequel to Peter Pan? And especially in this lumpy, vanilla form ...
What it lacks in character development ... Pan overcompensates for in style.
There's no denying that Pan is one ambitious fairy tale. But what's being labeled a "wholly original adventure" feels far from new, never mind necessary.
Was anyone clamoring for the story of how Hook and Peter came to be? Maybe, but they won't find it in "Pan," not really.
The film offers as many random curiosities as a carnival midway, yet it's about as fun as listening to a prerecorded barker's spiel.
Writer Simon Fuchs begins with a reasonable idea -- we're all likely to be curious about the origins of Peter Pan -- and does unreasonable things ever after.
The movie is meant to be a grand adventure, but once we learn his origins, the movie becomes merely a collection of mayhem-filled set pieces, with giant wooden boats flying around at what feels like 5 mph and crashing into things.
This is a good film that will be enjoyed both by pre-teen children and the parents who likely will join them at the multiplexes around the country.
Loud, chaotic action dominates this unnecessary prequel to Peter Pan.
Ill-conceived from any number of angles.
The movie doesn't so much enhance our understanding of the flying boy as it demonstrates how little thought went into crafting his back story.
The official worst-ever Peter Pan film adaptation of any sort. And that includes "Hook."
There's a formula here to be studied for future movies. Just take whatever they did in "Pan" and do something else.
What was Wright aiming for here? No idea.
Happy thoughts are hard to conjure while watching Pan, a needless prequel to J.M. Barrie's fantasy about an ever-youthful boy who could fly. Director Joe Wright's movie barely gets off the ground, and gets old quickly.
It's hard to make the case that any of this means anything, or is even supposed to ...
The noise you hear is J. M. Barrie turning over in his grave.
Falls flat on its face...raucous, bloated with special effects and thoroughly lacking in charm, 'Pan' is the rare family movie that should appeal to no group along the age spectrum.
Stands out from the crowd of modern family features, driven by a desire to match its title character's rebellious essence. It is always better to be ambitious and work only some of the time than to never, or rarely, try at all.
Think of Pan as the underachieving kid with boatloads of talent, who does just enough to get a B. They did fine, but an A was well within their grasp, which makes their B's look more like C's.
Why do filmmakers continue to feel the need to squeeze all the joy and magic out of such a remarkably enduring figure of Edwardian-era make-believe as J.M. Barrie's Peter Pan?
Joe Wright's apparent attempt to do a Baz Luhrmann version of several Disney rides at once.
It appears all involved had a grand ol' time making Pan, the latest and loopiest retelling of the story of Peter Pan. Too bad for the audience, though.
Joe Wright shows little interest in exploring wider thematic concerns, instead presenting us with a charmless, overly-literal action fantasy.
If Atonement, Wright's neatest work to date, is a master class on CGI restraint, Pan's densely pixielated final battle is busy to the point of indecipherability.
Make no mistake, this film falls squarely in the realm of camp classic, but it's kind of fun in that very specific way.
It's a mishmash of ideas that aren't bad. They just aren't that good either.
The character's singlemost defining trait is that he never wants to grow up. Yet, somehow, someone thought it was a brilliant idea to suggest that the legend of that mischievous eternal adolescent began with him learning to accept his heroic destiny.
Traz momentos eficientes de humor e surpresas curiosas.
It is very early on in the proceedings when we know that there is something off about the film.
Sometimes murky and yet often magical.
The story, though full of thrill-ride-worthy adventures, never stops long enough to develop characters or relationships.
Hook's got both hands intact and no ticking clock to fear. Once a resonant metaphor for adulthood - and the passage of time as approaching death - here Hook is just a meaningless stock supporting player trying to stand out amidst the clutter.
A rush of special effects that signify nothing, telling a story that pretends to add to a beloved mythology while instead mostly just cheapening it.
A great first half-hour gives way to a run-of-the-mill chase flick, but there's some inspired lunacy along the way.
Garrett Hedlund's goofy John Huston impersonation gives the film a goofy shot in the arm that delights more than any of its wildly expensive trinkets.
The end suggests there are plans for more chapters to the story. If so, someone needs to reassess the formula. This wasn't a movie that needed making.
Though the film's story technically meets the definition of 'new,' little in it will offer up the feeling that word evokes.
It's too hurried, and its action sequences badly deteriorate as the movie goes on, rendering it a lackluster start to a potential franchise.
Joe Wright's film could fuel an entire series of incredulous episodes of the How Did This Get Made? podcast.
Sort of a Baz Luhrmann version of a Terry Gilliam fantasy. Directed by Joe Wright. Who lost his nerve, at some point.
A bit of a frenetic mess, but an entertaining one, Joe Wright's latest is a fitting entry into the pantheon of Peter Pan movies.
A special f/x-driven prequel very loosely based on the J.M. Barrie offering a riveting roller coaster ride well-designed to enthrall tykes for two hours straight.
Once we hear Pan is the chosen one, the rest of the film is just going through the motions. It's already been prophesied so every set piece is just busywork to get there.
Pan is a confounding bauble worthy of Neverland, a film with no reason to exist that will inspire obsessive rewatching to figure out how it came to be.
'Pan' Is A Pretty Poor Peter Pan Prequel
By taking chances... even Pan's failures help to distinguish it from typical Hollywood kids cash-in fare.
Pan simply turns into a 3D thrill ride, with a lot of falling through space and flying pirate ships lurching here and there, for no obvious reason.
Jackman's theatrical charm helps tie together the many influences, but it's hard to be inspired by that familiar trope of the fated boy prophesied to change everything. The movie takes seriously concepts thoroughly satirised by The Lego Movie.
Mad Max: Fury Road for kids.
"Pan" is a cacophonous assault on the senses, all computerized cinematographic mayhem and deafening noise, and its hurried pace extinguishes any genuine character development.
Wright throws a lot of ideas at Pan, and not all of them stick, but it makes for a refreshingly imaginative experience, and one not afraid of inspiring a little fear in younger audiences alongside the scattergun wonder.
Hugh Jackman has an obvious ball playing the nasty pirate Blackbeard, young Levi Miller is fine as Peter and there are some cool visual touches.
Lively, but flawed.
Pan's newly-imagined take on Peter's early days rarely achieves lift-off, forever anchored by its own irrelevance.
The film's bracing darker streak also battles internally with its own capitulation to dull and bog standard "inspirational" Hollywood rhetoric, but like the pixie dust Pan's pirates mine, there's still some magic buried here.
Joe Wright's Pan is an incredibly derivative new take on a classic character -- but it's not all bad.
"Why?" is a question that comes up a lot while watching this abysmal prequel that no one asked for.
To lazily but wholly appropriately use a very hoary old cliché, Pan is fun for the whole family.
The film's decision to strip J.M. Barrie's evergreen tale of its iconic elements is never vindicated by the alternatives offered.
There are times in Pan when you are left in awe of what you are seeing, with some remarkable visuals, and the occasional scene that will have you completely mesmerised. But regrettably such moments are few and far between.
Jubilantly uncool...perhaps one of the best compliments you could pay it is that it could have been written 100 years ago.
If Barrie inspired JK Rowling, then here the favour is returned wholesale as screenwriter Jason Fuchs's take is pure Potter.
Deftly made and diverting for young audiences but unlikely to linger, with any vibrancy tempered by the familiarity of the tune.
The actors all try hard to keep the energy up but never get convincingly in synch and, with the exception of Peter, the characters don't reasonably comport with one's pre-existing images of them.
Stripping all whimsy and wonder from the Peter Pan story, Joe Wright's prequel is a busy, bungled bust.
Joe Wright's over-the-top use of colour in Neverland gives the film an impressive visual style that should charm adolescent audiences.
Ugly to look at, shrill to listen to, and performed by actors who have been encouraged to camp it up madly in the style usually favored by aging British sitcom stars playing storybook characters in Christmas panto productions.

@highlight

Pan finds a few bursts of magic in its prequel treatment of classic characters, though not enough to offset the rushed plot and shrill, CGI-fueled action.