...a solid little drama that boasts an impressive assortment of positive attributes.
There's no bite in this flick to make this cynicism sting
As a film about a woman embarking on the path of self-discovery, caught between marketing and the media, the film works. As a tale on political one-upmanship, it doesn't.
Our Brand is Crisis would have an uphill battle on its hands even if it were a masterpiece, which it most certainly is not.
When Bullock does an about-face to do the right thing at the film's conclusion, it packs no punch.
Despite the earnest efforts put in by the Oscar-winning leads, Our Brand Is Crisis doesn't give you enough to make you want to care for the characters, let alone the story.
It's a mess of a movie with good intentions, but misplaced action. It's almost always an uncomfortable experience, and not for the right reasons.
Bullock's on form in a film that takes a playful poke at political campaigning but stops short of anything genuinely insightful.
Bullock is variously hammy, cute, funny, cutely stressed. One, really, for fans.
A head-scratching disappointment that's as frustratingly unsatisfying as anything I've seen this year.
Our Brand Is Crisis (2015), inspired by the 2005 documentary of the same name, is a political satire with an engaging cast but a dull bite.
There is a serious functional problem running throughout in that some of the dialogue is conducted in Spanish with English subtitles, and some is conducted in English, even when Bolivians are talking to each other. How weird is that? Don't bother.
Political cynicism is one of America's key exports.
One of Bullock's best performances. [Full review in Spanish]
Our Brand is Crisis is overstretched even at just 107 minutes, but it packs in enough of a cutting critique of electioneering chicanery.
A movie of note in this political jousting time of The Donald versus everybody else. Campaigns are showbiz; hair and makeup. Orange hair can give you an edge in the polls.
The jokes are scarce and when they appear, land awkwardly.
Their byplay is electric, the intellectual one-upmanship and flagrant dirty tricks providing much of the comic fuel that makes the movie go, but this is Bullock's show.
[Bullock] singlehandedly muscles the film from second-generation David O. Russell Xerox to something worth seeing.
It is no easy task to make Sandra Bullock unlikeable on screen, but director David Gordon Green manages just that in his toothless South American political satire.
Promising to be a biting satire but succumbing to the juvenility it loathes, this film feels like it's still teething, unable to chew on a political jawbreaker.
Still, there are important lessons about political manipulation and there's fun to be had watching Bullock and Billy Bob seething at one another.
Bullock does her best to render the emotional turmoil authentic, but the script doesn't do any favors by moving from laugh-out-loud to heartfelt soul-search.
A regular dramedy that doesn't boast great performances or a great story. [Full review in Spanish]
The set up induces hopes that a screwball comedy with real buzz will be in store, something along the lines of Preston Sturges' hilarious 1940 movie The Great McGinty... Sadly, these hopes are soon dashed.
Chaotic storytelling and uneven tone get in the way of an outcome that should really enrage an audience.
A protagonist who revels in the sheer cynicism of her job gets a sentimental redemption out of nowhere; Sandra Bullock's comedic chops are undercut by it.
Bullock is great fun as the brash, bossy empress of spin doctors and has a feisty chemistry with the snake-like Thornton.
The plot is dull and a few ill-judged moments of comedy just seem weird.
The movie loses its cynical nerve with an utterly phoney finale that ties itself up in conscientious knots.
Bullock is hilarious as well as unsettling in the lead.
In the end, though, in spite of its hard-hearted cynical veneer, David Gordon Green's comedy-drama turns into a strangely soft-centred and manipulative affair.
Bullock's usual audience might be turned off by her character's dark cynicism, but as meaty political satire this stands tall in a near-empty field.
Billed as a comedy drama, Our Brand Is Crisis sits on the fence of both genres, without really committing to either.
With characters speaking almost exclusively in soundbites, anecdotes, proverbs and quotations, it's like being cornered at a convention of fortune cookie fillers.
Even the title is unwieldy, and that sets the tone.
There's nothing new about the political smoke-and-mirrors; the Bullock/Thornton relationship fails to convince, and the inevitable idealistic resolution feels unsatisfying and unearned.
A smartly written, cheekily engaged, glibly enjoyable political satire ...
Too light, too silly.
An engaging, provocative and pertinent piece of cinema.
Sparks fly, but the grim cynicism of modern politics adds subversive weight to the film's screwball comedy stylings and has a lot to say about modern politics, in the US as well as abroad.
A painless concoction that glides along on the charisma of its star Sandra Bullock, in a role that was originally written for George Clooney.
All the talent and comedic timing in the world can't rescue this unfocused script from its lack of relevance, poignancy or meaning.
Instead of a black comedy about powerful U.S.-government employed parasites pulling dirty tricks on foreign soil, we get a silly revenge story about two rivals who are supposed to be really smart - something we rarely see.
There's nothing remotely shocking about any of this and the satire therefore plays tepidly.
What Green dissects beneath his movie microscope is the cynicism suggested by the title itself: That campaigns have a "brand" and the fate of the people is in the hands of marketing expert.
Only the most politically ill-informed viewer will be surprised by the content of Our Brand Is Crisis. Then again, being politically ill-informed seems to be the status quo. For all its faults, the film has a message worth hammering home.
Our Brand Is Crisis is the kind of movie that offers a look at a great antiheroine, but doesn't trust that she doesn't need to be tamed.
It leaves an unpleasant taste - not unlike that of a campaign commercial that surrounds a candidate with real-world ugliness, then bathes her alone in beatific light.
It's missing the type of satirical edge that could have given the film more immediacy and resonance, especially during an election cycle.
An adult drama with tinges of satire and uncomfortably close associations as the United States gears up for its own presidential election.
It might have been better if it had gotten zanier; instead, it's rather staid and un-risky - until the end, when it takes a turn that might have been effective if it hadn't come out of nowhere.
The real calamity is the film's election of uplifting liberal-working-class fantasy over a truly damning indictment of the amorality coursing through current geopolitics.
Such a funny, smart movie, so many obstacles on the journey to reach the mainstream audience it deserves.
Fortunately, Bullock puts enough oomph on screen to compensate for what's missing from the story.
Ultimately, the movie's brand isn't crisis as much as it's absurdity.
Our Brand Is Crisis's formulaic episodes create clutter.
Our Brand Is Crisis shows flashes of insight cribbed from reality, nibbling the edges of satire without ever taking a big bite.
Struggling to find a tone between parody and drama, David Gordon Green ends up squashing it flat.
Is its own disappointing crisis
Joaquin de Almeida has a roiling core of self-loathing that's both amusing and terrifying - one we've seen too often, not in the theater, but at the ballot box.
The end result is still worth a look, though probably not until you've seen better examples, including Boynton's original documentary itself.
Less entertaining, less illuminating, and much less thought-provoking than the original 2005 documentary (Fox29 Philly)
There's actually a point to it. But it's so buried beneath the nonsense, it never has a chance to resonate. In other words, it's politics per usual.
Our Brand is Crisis hits a lot of clunky notes and the end is unforgivably cornball, but it's still one of the liveliest political black comedies I've seen in a while.
It's not often when you see exactly where a film goes off the rails, but something that was working suddenly becomes so phony that you leave wondering what happened.
In his political satirical drama Our Brand is Crisis, David Gordon Green delivers this not-so-shocking piece of information in a fairly sharp and entertaining way...
Despite flashes of wit, it's dull.
The movie is funny enough to get its share of laughs but, in its angry heart, it's a tragedy - and the saddest part is that too much of this story is true.
It's the first time I've watched a David Gordon Green movie and found myself wishing I was in the capable hands of a set-'em-up-knock-'em-down director like Jay Roach.
Is it parody with heart, satire that jabs with a funny bone, or a south-of-the-border rom-com? (The biggest audience response, for what it's worth, comes from Bullock's bare buttocks hanging out an open bus window.)
The screenplay from Oscar nominated writer Peter Straughan (writer of last year's marvelous "Frank") just isn't dark enough and lacks the bite that would drive home the theme more powerfully.
this political satire takes far too long to get to its message then fumbles it.
Much of what the film considers fodder for satire is too familiar to feel revelatory or shocking, while characters that start out believable behave in unrecognizably ludicrous ways simply because the script forces them to.
Fascinating but uneven political drama has strong language.
Must be political week at the movies. This, like Truth, is a political movie only it's set in Bolivia and is true but it isn't. Gives Sandra Bullock an acting stretch.
"Our Brand is Crisis" is not in the least entertaining, and possesses one of the worst and phoniest endings in movie history.
With so many Americans apathetic about our own politics --- Donald Trump aside --- why would anyone care to watch a film about a Bolivian presidential contest, and one campaign guru pitted against another?
The political game can be deceitful and manipulative. Politicians can be untrustworthy and duplicitous. We get it. We've gotten it for a while.
Green and Straughan can't seem to agree on a tone or ways in which to make the subsequent political battle that interesting, engaging or entertaining. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
Ultimately, "Our Brand Is Crisis" isn't as hard-hitting, trenchant or angry as it should be.
Offers some nice behind-the-scenes glimpses of how political sausage is made just as America's political sausage is sizzling on the fire.
Say what you will about the sneering, misanthropic political dramas of previous eras (Blow Out, JFK and so on). But at least they came by their cynicism in good faith.
The movie's flippant tone flirts with condescension, which Green tries to balance with attention to Jane's idealistic Bolivian staffer (Reynaldo Pacheco), but it's a too-obvious dramatic device.
Much of this is a lot of fun, but it needed to be a little nastier. The director's conventional sensibility keeps oozing through....
quickly embraces the law of entropy, wandering off in several unrelated directions as dictated by the rules of chance and strange attractors
The reason to see it is Bullock, who gives one of the best performances of the year, as complex, nuanced, savvy, and honest as the film would like to be. She's got my vote.
You want to know how the Janes of the world happen. Is it money? Power? Ideology? You never find out.
An excellent supporting cast includes Anthony Mackie and the terrific Ann Dowd as fellow consultants. Yet it all rests on Bullock. She's fun to watch.
Good intentions and genuine talent abound, but as Jane would probably point out, those things don't necessarily get you anywhere in the muck of real-world politics.
From the team behind Argo, though it's closer in line to The Men Who Stare At Goats. Do with that what you will.
"Crisis" squanders its intriguing premise.
Like late-period Barbra Streisand, Sandra Bullock is changing from someone who we sympathize with, right or wrong, to someone who is always right, no matter how crazy she gets.
Our Brand is Crisis may be director David Gordon Green's most sterile picture yet, but it's redeemed somewhat by Sandra Bullock's lead performance, as well as a talented ensemble cast.
Our Brand Is Crisis is like a third-party candidate who enters a race in the final weeks. Any good qualities just don't get exposed and the candidate gets lost in the pack no matter how much manipulation is happening.
An acidic, biting political satire that asserts the notion that marketing has taken over the democratic process.
If everything was nastier, it might have made for a decent black comedy. If something was more heartfelt, it might have made for a decent personal drama. But in both the movie and the campaign it depicts, cleverness is the order of the day.
It's a case study, if nothing else, of starting with a dubious idea and making it downright awful.
The movie unfortunately gets stuck between edgy drama and broad comedy, and most of the humor lands with a thud, unless animals getting run over or an A-list actress mooning bus passengers get your vote.
The film becomes a Sandra Bullock vehicle, and while it's buoyed by her typical comic aplomb, it loses sight of the bigger picture.
Despite Sandra Bullock's best efforts, she can't make "Our Brand Is Crisis" much more than what it is: A predictable political comedy that hits all the expected beats and goes sappy exactly when you think it will.
The film indulges in the unabashed goofiness that stoked Green's "Pineapple Express," and which Sandra Bullock demonstrated to raucous effect in "The Heat."
If by the wholly unconvincing finale, the movie's brand is mediocrity, the constantly undervalued Bullock's brand is insane likability and knowhow.
There's a complacency to the storytelling that prevents the film from ever moving outside its comfort zone when that's exactly what a movie like this should be doing.
Like the politicians and political consultants it mocks, "Our Brand Is Crisis" doesn't completely deliver on what it promises.
Enjoy Our Brand is Crisis for Bullock's comedic talents and dirty tricks in a movie that doesn't really want to get its hands dirty, which any good campaign strategist could tell you is the only way to win.
[Bullock] has the knack of playing someone who is seriously flawed, yet still appealing for her smarts, her broken heart and her sharp wit.
When Our Brand actually pops its head into the real nuts and bolts of shaping a candidate, it feints toward something resembling satire without ever quite biting.
[Bullock's] role as a weary Machiavelli in sunglasses and trench coat gives her little to work with but a stream of jaded one-liners.
Intended to be a sharp satire, but for the most part it's an oddly muted one that occasionally switches to rambunctious slapstick and more often veers into soapy drama.
A horror film wrapped in a fast-talking political comedy.
If Our Brand Is Crisis were a person, it'd be a grinning politician, an empty-promise glad-hander with a nifty slogan. Or worse, it's the person who had a bad experience at a bar or family outing discussing politics...
Despite Bullock igniting the booster rockets with a forceful, immersive performance, "Our Brand is Crisis" comes off as an awkward blend of heavy satire and contrived personal redemption.
Tim Orr's cinematography captures every mood beautifully, but his pictures don't compensate for a thousand ill-chosen words.
Politics is a dirty business and Our Brand Is Crisis keeps its hands far too clean.
If it's satire, it's neither sharp nor especially funny. Yet it doesn't deliver emotionally, either.
The most important aspects of this striking story have been scrubbed away or laundered into Hollywood-style pseudo-psychological neutrality.
"Our Brand Is Crisis" is in that annoying category of movie that sends audiences away thinking, "It's almost good, but something is off."
Here, Green disappears deeper than he ever has before into workmanlike competence; the only personal signature is a funky, slow-mo dance party, which the filmmaker somehow manages to insert into every movie he makes.
In Bullock, "Crisis" has a star who makes the whole thing seem better than it probably is.
A slick political dramedy with bursts of personal humor but an overdose of Hollywood gloss ...
Like the ruthless political strategists the film both satirizes and celebrates, Our Brand Is Crisis speaks out of both sides of its mouth.
The result is less a comic broadside targeting globalization and media politics than a political Punch and Judy show re-imagined for James Carville and Mary Matalin.
The War Room made the same points two decades ago, only more entertainingly.
"Our Brand Is Crisis" is too soft in its foundation to make the splash it hopes for, but Sandra Bullock's assertive, adeptly shaded turn proves eminently watchable.
It might be possible to make a good movie out of a cross between Mike Nichols' "Primary Colors" and Costa-Gavras' "Z," but "Our Brand Is Crisis," directed by David Gordon Green in a seeming attempt to do something along those lines, is not that movie.
The biggest problem with "Our Brand is Crisis" is that it's stuck in the limbo between being a serious political drama and a mainstream studio effort.
Only if you adore movies about white people patting themselves on the back for caring about non-white people should you go anywhere near Our Brand is Crisis.
As an overview of global evils and clouded consciousness, it's a flavorless creation that goes for the obvious when the sinister is far more interesting.
In a way it's triple-distilled truth, but mostly it feels like an over-interpreted copy of a copy of a copy.
stumbles over a vast terrain of self-serving scoundrels (Trump trumps anything they can make up), but livewire Bullock never lets hypocrisy out of her comic kill zone.
It only serves to validate George Clooney's devotion to showmanship as Hollywood's current reigning poster boy for blue-state morality.
While the talented cast occasionally gets a screwball, smiling-dagger rhythm going, the narrative's insistence on staying on point certainly could have benefited from some of Green's old what the hell wobbliness.
The movie wafts and drones and shifts gears so many times that it is never as funny, pointed, jaundiced or clever as it could have been, and much less politically significant than it should be.
For a movie about political messaging, Our Brand Is Crisis doesn't know what it's selling besides Sandra Bullock's lusciously buttery dye job.
Like our own overlong Presidential campaigns, this film could use a more aggressive editor to weed out repetitious campaign speeches.
The overriding message, which certainly isn't new, is that power corrupts and politics is a nasty game not meant for the little people. But in "Crisis," the point is not powerfully made.
David Gordon Green's latest unpredictable addition to his resume is offbeat and appealing on some levels but is neither as funny nor as trenchant as it might have been.
Flirting, skullduggery and deep cynicism-along with painful truisms-course through this fast and flashy amusement.
Strangely dispirited...like the Sandy Bullock showcases of old.
A very smart, funny, intelligent, pertinent and important look at the machinations behind a Presidential campaign. This one just happens to be in Bolivia with Sandra Bullock and Billy Bob Thornton playing the dirty tricks.
A light-hearted primer in how to mount a smear campaign and thereby manipulate a banana republic to vote against its own self-interest.
Green ... has little feel for the movie's comic turns, and his way with the drama is held back by his obvious and conventional sympathies.
Our Brand Is Crisis features a great Sandra Bullock star turn in a comedic political romp that is more biting and cynical by virtue of how conventional it feels.
[A] chaotic, scrappy, deeply cynical look at political puppet masters
Lacks the teeth required to be successful satire. More like DEAL OF THE CENTURY than WAG THE DOG.
The film stumbles in its first few minutes and falls apart soon after.
Hopefully Hollywood will learn a lesson from the movie that the American government still hasn't: stay out of South American politics.
Sadly, Green's film devolves into an anonymous mulch with little to offer beyond its central insistence that contemporary politics is a den of snakes, and that policies are subordinate to character.
An arresting, quirkily structured film.
A film where the heroic protagonist has to incite civil unrest in order to learn basic dignity, 'Our Brand Is Crisis' is a film that really makes you want to stand up and throw a head of lettuce at the screen.
Can Sandra Bullock in top form overcome longtime American audience resistance to comedies about politics and maybe even get another nomination in the process?
Any time Bullock and Thornton share the screen, Our Brand Is Crisis jumps to life.
Our Brand is Crisis privileges character over politics in another David Gordon Green film to find a characteristically distinct balance between the comedic and the dramatic.
David Gordon Green's boisterous but hollow election drama offers an ultra-cynical take on political campaigns as a series of mass manipulations.
Green and company put an artificial ceiling on the pic's satirical potential. Had they fictionalized the country, "Crisis" could have joined the ranks of "Duck Soup" or "The Mouse That Roared."
Politics is a dirty business, but Our Brand Is Crisis doesn't stick its hands into the muck sufficiently to be as entertaining or stinging as it could be.
"Bereft of any genuine insight into the nature of political campaigns, and its narrative is telegraphed from miles away."

@highlight

Our Brand Is Crisis offers sporadic amusement and benefits from a talented cast, but ultimately lacks enough of a bite to add much of interest to the political satire genre.