If you're into high-brow humor, you ain't gonna find it in The Hot Chick.
I didn't expect a masterpiece, but it's basic Rob Schneider at his worst.
Offensive, vile, and, even worse, not funny.
There is exactly ONE scene worth watching in Rob Schneider's latest pathetic romp... is it worth ten bucks? No way in hell.
It's interesting that Rob Schneider's comedies are getting progressively worse as they are released.
It's sad and depressing when in order to get a laugh a Hollywood movie has to stoop to replaying gags that would have made the Three Stooges blush.
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated, discerning taste, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea, however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half.
The Cold Turkey would've been a far better title.
Rob Schneider é melhor em criar premissas interessantes do que em desenvolvê-las. Em um universo ideal, ele seria obrigado a repassar suas idéias para que pessoas mais talentosas pudessem utilizá-las.
Basically harmless and grudgingly funny.
Couldn't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person?
Yes, it was bad. But I laughed.
The movie's devices are so feeble, I think it was written on a napkin in a Denny's the day before principal photography began.
It's push-the-limits teen comedy, the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny, and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed.
What's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle? Well, it's not as pathetic as The Animal.
Enough to make any woman or gay man wish they could beam themselves to planet Zoltron.
"Freaky Friday," it's not.
[A] wonderful pile of stench.
The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams, even though her performance is more interesting (and funnier) than his.
Even for its genre and the possibility of a counterprogramming miracle, it looms a wobbly entry.
A surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre.
Rob Schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick, the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian.
Schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression.
Somehow, Schneider enthusiasts will find their needed escapism in a clueless comedy that has more holes in it than rotted Swiss cheese.
I will say this for the film -- it's in color. And, it was mostly in focus. And I really can't say anymore for it beyond that.
Even by the low standards of Saturday Night Live-alumni movies, "The Hot Chick" is simply excruciating. It is loathsome, offensive, vile, and, even worse, it is not funny.
Half of the humor goes into the "how could they possibly have thought that was funny?" file.
Deep down, I realized the harsh reality of my situation: I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered.
A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise, it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films.
An admittedly by-the-numbers affair, but garners some hearty and unexpected laughs through the machinations of its premise.
It contains the most insufferably lame outtakes of any movie that I can ever remember.
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious, and Schneider's performance is so fine, it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again, as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess.
By the standards of knucklehead swill, The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny.
Instead of the easy laughs, Schneider and Brady are going for something a little deeper.
Strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression.
This unabashedly stupid comedy is, well, unabashedly stupid.
It is silly enough to keep you laughing.
Too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise.
The bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect, but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie.
At more than 100 minutes, this alleged comedy is easily the worst thing Schneider's done to date.
Why not just have a 90-minute montage of Schneider falling down the stairs and getting whacked in the crotch?
The verdict: Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them.
A comedy that surpasses stupidity, and not in entertaining ways.
Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes. Every five minutes or so, someone gets clocked.
Wallows in gender stereotypes, solidifying the impression that Schneider can't compete with the likes of Sandler and fellow SNL alumnus Mike Myers.
Schneidermeister... Makin' a fool of himself... Losin' his fan base...
If you pitch your expectations at an all time low, you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce.
While the result is neither poetry nor politics, it does rather gleefully turn a few dumbass guy's-guy movie comedy conventions on their heads.
This is a movie that starts out like Heathers, then becomes Bring it On, then becomes unwatchable.
The film is a disaster from start to finish.
Despite this inconsistency and Schneider's one-note turn, the film does offer a few amusing moments. All too often, however, The Hot Chick feels like a cold fish.
It's all enough to make one ponder the question that always comes up when a new King of Lowbrow is crowned: Why haven't the French heard of this guy?
Call it tastelessness with a message -- a dubious combination, like, for sure. Still, Schneider pulls off the masquerade pretty well.
A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss.
I haven't laughed harder at anything this year, but I would have a hard time recommending this gender-bending gut-buster to anyone who doesn't have a high threshold for crude sexual humor and stereotypes.
Another lukewarm comedy.
On the surface The Hot Chick
Marks no discernible improvement on its predecessors Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo and The Animal, though the sight of the deeply unprepossessing Schneider all dolled up for girlie business is good for a few shallow chuckles.
Loosely speaking, we're in All of Me territory again, and, strictly speaking, Schneider is no Steve Martin.
Avoid at all costs.
Does Revelations say anything that could be interpreted as 'The end is nigh when Rob Schneider turns into a woman in a movie that's funny, sweet and clever'? If so, prepare to meet your maker, because The Hot Chick is exactly that.
If you think it's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman's clothes, then you'll enjoy The Hot Chick.
The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl.
The first half hour of Hot Chick, before the switch, plays like soft-core porno from the '60s. The rest plays like a bad Saturday Night Live sketch stretched to the breaking point.
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation, and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates.
Has a few funny moments, but pretty lame overall.
You don't spend 15 minutes setting up your main character as the most unlikeable person conceivable, only to give her a life changing experience that forgets to change her life.
Yes, the film does have its grosser moments but overall the film is Schneider's best comedy to date.
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists, wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers, twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs...
The slapstick is labored, and the bigger setpieces flat.
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once.
Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare.
It's nice to have something so outrageously silly to lighten things up.
When it tries to be funny it's usually appalling, but when it attempts to be sweet it's truly nauseating.










@highlight

The Hot Chick's one-note concept gets stretched thin, and a lot of the jokes fall flat.