The Upside of Anger is truly something special.
A late twist renders all this sturm und drang a tad redundant, but until then anger keeps it alive.
Upside is better-than-average as a mid-budget suburban film dramedy but positively gangbusters if you imagine it as a two-hour television pilot.
The screwiness feels patterned and arbitrary. There's little Upside here.
No actress has neck muscles like Joan Allen - able to gracefully reach upward or, here, stiffly twist into a double helix of tension and anxiety. It's not simply witty repartee and good chemistry. It's about comfortable situations that can't really last.
Binder's writing is matched by the top-notch talents on display here.
Writer/director/actor Mike Binder (writer on HBO's "The Mind Of The Married Man") is to blame for this melodramatic game of Three Card Monte.
The Upside of Anger is a sharply written, insightful and enjoyable film with many layers.
Always more than a mere by-numbers domestic drama, The Upside of Anger is desperately, darkly funny, with dialogue to, er, die for, and a perfect cast.
Not half bad, though only half good.
Engaging, brilliantly directed, frequently funny and ultimately moving drama with a terrific script and superb performances from Allen and Costner.
Very watchable.
A grandstanding performance from Joan Allen is the main attraction in this suburban dramacom.
The final twist is misjudged, and it doesn't cohere at any level; but some funny moments.
Hilarious, moving and intoxicating.
Self-pitying and saccharine, this big whining ball of dross drags itself across the screen for two interminable hours, climaxing in a twist ending that comes with neon road signs attached.
Entertaining but flawed look behind suburbia's twitching curtains.
This is well worth investigating.
Showy and door-slamming but very watchable.
A superior suburban chick flick.
While beautifully cast and acted, this focuses on its comic strengths to the detriment of the drama, creating an unbalanced tone and leading to self-conscious attempts at serious observation. A pleasant watch, but nowhere near as profound as it thinks it
Compelling and honest with flashes of dark humour which makes this a meaty comedy drama.
Allen's imperious turn and Costner's affable charm go a long way to ensuring you'll look back on Anger with affection.
Costner shines as the persecuted suitor who tries his best not to mind when being nagged and belittled by his regally shrewish object of desire, up to a point.
Unfortunately, outstanding performances by Allen and Costner aren't given much of a viable dramatic context.
fulle review in Greek
Especially strong performances and a dynamic script make this suburban drama both engaging and entertaining, as writer-director-costar Binder adeptly combines comedy and emotion.
l, yet the movie's There's spiky humour and ample breathing room for the material, yet the movie's rather too intent on parading its own wisdom.
These people take awkward chances and affectionate pot shots, and they put their feet in their mouths in uncomfortable moments of heightened emotion, all with smart, sharp but entirely natural dialogue.
Binder wrote this movie for Joan Allen, and it is her flinty performance that gives the undertaking what claim it has to success.
A "grown-ups" sort of comedy, and one that delivers strangely satisfying laughs while always putting character above all else.
Both Costner's character and performance merit comparison to Jack Nicholson's Oscar-winning portrayal of a gone-to-seed astronaut in Terms of Endearment.
Contrary to my expectations, Kevin Costner is growing old gracefully.
Kevin Costner [as Denny Davies] is a joy to watch.
A maior ironia é constatar que, apesar do filme se propor a mergulhar no universo feminino, a figura mais carismática do filme é o ex-jogador vivido por Costner.
though it's easy to poke fun at Costner, here is a movie that, for the first time in a long time, allows him to display his goofy affability.
Allen makes the most of her role -- the tiny scene where she walks in on two certain people in bed with one another is a wondrously sharp statement of total acting commitment.
[L]ike Leaving Las Vegas, The Upside of Anger provides a galvanizing turn for its star--a daring alloy of pungent misery and jaw-dropping antics.
Costner delivers a subtle, engaging performance that's completely different from anything he's done before and might just mark the beginning of a new phase in his career.
Even though Binder's characters are all gems, the filmmaker needs to further hone his storytelling craft.
a sharp, funny comedy-drama that provides a spectacular showcase, perhaps even a signature role, for Allen.
Allen's desperate housewife makes this trip into suburbia worthwhile.
While most of the movie has a welcome feel to it, the ending carries as much absurdity as anything in Diary of a Mad Black Woman.
Any disappointment I felt about elements of this movie was overshadowed by the fine performances of Kevin Costner and Joan Allen, especially the latter.
Allen and Costner have the kind of genuine, unquestionable chemistry that can't be faked
Do yourself a favor and catch this fine film on the big screen.
There's no downside to the crackling Costner/Allen pairing, but Binder spreads himself thin. He puts in play too many subplots about Allen's budding daughters.
Achieves a harmonious balance between truth and consequence.
If you're in the mood for a well told tale of dysfunction and discovery, seeing this simply doesn't have a downside.
The downside is the slow pace of the movie.
The Upside of Anger isn't as good as any of its actors.
A drama mined with comic moments, the movie's got an Oscar-worthy performance from three-time Oscar nominee Joan Allen.
Too much of The Upside of Anger is informed by unquestioned social mores.
Not a bad movie -- and worth seeing for Costner's and Allen's performances -- but I'm inclined to think that ultimately its intentions are less than honest.
'The Upside of Anger' demonstrates the downside of moviemaking.
The movie was written and directed by Mike Binder, who has zero hits in his writing/directing career, and "Upside" will keep that record intact.
Admit it: You thought Kevin Costner's best performances were miles behind him.
part romantic comedy, part melodrama, and all Joan Allen.
Joan Allen has been saddled with so many repressed characters that it's a pleasure getting to see her break free. She's brash, she's funny, and she lights up the screen.
Binder ... has an astute ear for dysfunctional family dialect that enriches his complex story.
Don't go into The Upside of Anger expecting the usual convenient and happy Hollywood solution to serious problems. That, to me, is the real upside.
Is Mike Binder the new Woody Allen?
Finally -- a well-acted, well-written drama for grownups, about grownups, that even contains grownup romance.
By treating his deeply flawed characters with equally deep warmth, Binder manages to tell viewers not to let bitterness consume them without coming off like a hypocrite.
Funny, funky, but ultimately phony ...
Allen rages, fumes, cries, laughs, tosses back vodka and tosses off sharply pointed verbal and physical barbs at everyone around her. And what fun she is!
A mature, informed piece of work that sticks in your head, your heart and your throat long after it's over.
Mike Binder's femme-dominated domestic drama hooks the viewer immediately, and is flecked with enough bitterly comic touches to make this an easy-to-digest variation of an angst-ridden tale.
Like a shot of adrenaline, it wakes up a moribund year at the Cineplex, putting the rest of the year's offerings on notice as only a truly great film worthy of remembrance come end-of-season awards time can.
The actors tune in to their individual characters perfectly, but this is Allen's show.
It's a film without a sufficient spine.
I'm not convinced there is an upside to anger, but the best thing about this film is that it gives two actors absolutely perfect roles.
Entertainment for grownups, a la James L. Brooks
Long, slow, boring, movie with a nonsensical plot promoting Hollywood's secular immorality ending with a foolish, sophomoric soliloquy that serves as a fitting epitaph.
Allen may be the stand-out, but the others do hold their own. She and Costner have terrific chemistry, and each of the four actresses playing Terry's daughters are strong (in particular, Wood continues to impress).
What The Upside of Anger gets right -- especially the work by Allen and Costner -- is more than enough reason to spend some time in the unhappy Wolfmeyer household.
Terry is, in short, a great role for any actress. And Allen, who isn't just any actress, rips into it with the relish of a woman looking to reinvent her career.
Binder's film is an intriguing, funny and sad look at a family in crisis.
I'd suggest a better title would be The Upside of Alcoholism," but I really can't think of any upside to this film.
Allen breathes fire into the role, turning what could have been a shrill character into a tower of raging rediscovery.
Hell hath no fury like Joan Allen scorned. We always knew she could act, but we never knew she could play a pissed off mother of four like a rabid pit bull with rouge.
Allen's great performance eventually is neutered in obeisance to the false notion that fictional characters must go through a redemptive arc for their stories to be of value.
Features many good scenes that feel authentic, but is interspersed with awkward 'movie moments' that don't ring true.
It is a true joy to see a wonderful actress get such a juicy role to sink her teeth into. If only it happened more often.
Can only be described as American Beauty Lite (and Carb Free!).
A sharply funny, piercing examination of righteous indignation.
The story develops with a mind of its own, free from convention and formula, and packs a heck of a twist at the end that does what a twist should do.
If only Binder had trusted The Upside of Anger as a showcase for two performances by aging actors apparently comfortable about getting older.
A funny comedy for adults.
Standard-issue.
...hits that specific note of comic melancholy that best captures real life.
Writer/director Mike Binder scripts sarcastic humor and dialogue that just avoids being glib, thanks in part to a pair of rich performances.
A better than average dip into the family well.
...generates enough moments to be recommended to anyone looking for a engaging, adult drama with a little alcohol mixed in for fun.
Few movies these days aim at adults, or even above the waist, so this film is to be treasured.
The Upside here is the brilliant work of Joan Allen and Kevin Costner. Yes, that Kevin Costner.
Joan Allen steals this poignant and sometimes funny film.
The upside of this movie are the performances - it's worth a look.
The movie offers smug observation posing as insight and judgment posing as sympathy.
Binder creates a familiar, complex, realistic, deeply human dynamic between his characters, and provides each actor rich layers of feeling and humor with which to create them.
[Allen and Costner] deliver pitch-perfect performances that lift The Upside of Anger several notches above the sometimes schematic script and direction.
What's best about Upside is its gonzo-sitcom craziness, a situation that lends itself to enjoyable performances.
It feels like a retread of several better movies, with a nastier, more bitter edge.
Though this is not the type of serious film likely to win many awards, Allen gives one of her best performances.
The characters are actually believable, and the messes they get into approximate real life.
This rich, supple, truly felt movie is a big leap for Binder, and while he clearly studied the sitcom manual for timing and structure, the film rises like a bubble above soap opera.
Shelton ... understands both genders and can write for them.
Perfectly adult, perfectly acted and perfectly adorable, it surprises and charms for most of those 90 minutes.
Despite Denny's sturdy support, The Upside of Anger belongs to Terry.
This is one of those films with a math problem, where the sum of its parts do not add up. But what parts!
Meant to explore anger, all this picture does is manufacture it.
One seriously enjoyable film, filled with laughs and recognizable situations and people you might know or like to know.
Allen, who is without doubt one of the best actors of her era, gets to go places she has never before gone, while Costner gets to remind us exactly what it was we were drawn to in Bull Durham.
It stands as a strong piece of comic filmmaking, elevated by Allen's acid-laced performance and Costner's shambling charm.
Allen gets to the heart of the movie's humor without ever winking.
That anger is explored only superficially and most of the women seem merely to be ornamentation, defined by their problems.
I liked these characters precisely because they were not designed to be likable -- or, more precisely, because they were likable in spite of being exasperating, unorganized, self-destructive and impervious to good advice.
Unfortunately, despite predictably fine performances all around, the overall effect of the film is hampered by poor directorial execution and an act-three plot twist that defies plausibility.
Binder is too facile an observer to get anywhere near the complexities of a house full of women -- instead, Terry is a prickly goddess, and the daughters are an assortment of muses.
This vehicle was designed with Allen in the driver's seat and she roars with it, giving a performance as hilarious as often as it is bitter and tragic.
There's little Upside here.
[Binder's] film is a raging morass of misogyny, a self-congratulatory exercise in mental masturbation.
Intriguing for most of the way, only to be undermined by a late revelation that confuses its thesis beyond repair.
women may appreciate this movie more, but even I can see the upside.
It feels like a bloated Lifetime TV movie.
Despite the xeroxed plot and a horribly misguided ending ... nearly redeemed by a cast that wrings out every last bit of potential from the formula.
This is a movie that rests on its two leads. Allen and Costner play their parts like injured predators licking each other's wounds. They are magnificent, and they are healing.
Quite a bit of fun.
The film is full of emotional truth, and it gives Allen, at long last, the star vehicle she so richly deserves.
If you've doubted Kevin Costner or Joan Allen over the last few years, this is a terrific chance to see them both firing on all cylinders.
A smart, funny, yet, at the same time, unrelenting look at what happens when a midlife slump collides with a midlife crisis.
Allen and Costner get to flirt and fool around and distract us from the rest of the movie. They're doing it a favor.
Even if it is too slow and never as good as it should have been, iit does have undeniable pleasures, the chief among them is watching Costner and Allen do marvelous work.
Costner takes over a Jack Nicholson part and perfectly engages us. Not every middle-aged star needs Tarantino to have a career resurrected.
Its comedy is refreshingly black and its farcical edge sharp.
[F]inds acrid humor in the blackness of unrelenting fury while never letting its characters be less than fully human...
Uptight Joan Allen gets drunk and goes ballistic in this flawed, deeply satisfying picture, offering Kevin Costner a chance to re-discover his off-kilter comic timing.
High-caliber drama-comedy about an abandoned wife makes Joan Allen an early front-runner for 2005's Best Actress.
Endeavors to airmail the middle-aged suburban angst made fashionable by American Beauty safely back to cynicism-free sitcom territory.
The Upside of Anger feels like it could have used some judicious re-writes to streamline the story to fit the just-under-120 minute run time
Superb
There are a few loose subplots in Mike Binder's film, but that only adds to the sense of its real-life charm. You'll be upset if you miss it.
Writer/director Mike Binder and his ensemble cast, headed by actress Joan Allen, prove that even the hoariest of set-ups can still produce excellent drama, providing the writing is sharp and the acting superior.
Throughout her career, Allen has often been the best thing in lesser pictures. How refreshing to see a movie rise to her capabilities.
Perhaps it's a sign, then, of how starved we are for movies with grown-up characters doing grown-up things that it's easy to ignore the downside of Upside and give the film a pass. Allen and Costner should find another movie to make together.
A wonderful, sophisticated romantic comedy about the resilience of love in the face of competing emotions.
This is no Terms of Endearment.
Not even Allen, however, can save the film from its own excesses.
A valiantly flawed effort boosted by noteworthy star turns that make the two-hour running time a rewarding filmgoing experience.
A pleasant surprise, a sprightly comedy with a dramatic aftertaste.
Binder has created a middle-aged female protagonist of rare depth and complexity, a jilted wife played by the great Joan Allen with screen-grabbing gusto.
Writer/director Mike Binder...deftly blends comedy and drama until the writer's urge to add a heavy dose of irony at film's end makes it veer off course
Allen is one of the most reliable American actresses, and her intelligence and wit raise the quality of a movie that often feels as if it belongs on the Lifetime cable network.
A fresh, funny, pointed comedy
A squarely suburban movie with a distinctly bourgeois-shaped window on the world, but it's genuine and exceptionally well observed.
The Upside of Anger is the upside of Allen.
Offers a lot of smart dialogue and six nicely developed characters.
The upside of Mike Binder's deeply flawed attempt to marry midlife romantic comedy with domestic farce is two nearly perfect performances by Joan Allen and Kevin Costner.
An emotional reality check that is profound, laugh-out-loud funny, articulate and shattering.
The film is carried by Costner and Allen, who project a chemistry so incrementally built on reluctant camaraderie, they almost seem like siblings.
Ms. Wood does her best with the material, as do Allen and Costner. It takes more than good acting to make a good movie, though. Good writing helps, and there's not enough of that here.
The movies haven't rewarded Allen's formidable talent with a star turn that cuts her loose and unfurls her resources. Until now.
The mixture of sitcom and soap opera that worked in 'Terms of Endearment' feels stale here, especially since the final-reel revelation is more cheat than treat.
Brilliant! I can't wait to see it again!
Costner and Allen show you what it means not just to play a role but to inhabit it.
A few great moments wedged into a fairly bland film.
The film has exhausted itself with fits of glib hysteria long before its truly stupefying final twist, a stunning betrayal of audience trust.
Costner's funny and sincere in a role that winks at his many previous baseball movies. And Joan Allen brings home the kind of performance that wins awards.
A terrific performance by Joan Allen as one who is angry for the wrong reasons.
An engrossing and well-acted psychodrama about the toxic side-effects of anger, a potent and volatile emotion.
Clearly inspired thematically by American Beauty, but unable to reach its status or impact.
A poignant. bittersweet, exquisitely evocative movie that packs an emotional wallop. It's richly touching without being sentimental.
Playing a drunken, bitter matriarch, Joan Allen gives such an astounding performance in The Upside of Anger that she elevates the film above its melodramatic trappings
A fiercely funny human comedy with jokes that sting and leave marks.











@highlight

A comedy/ drama for grown-ups, with fine performances by Joan Allen and Kevin Costner.