if you can overlook the obvious flaws--a bumpy beginning, a villain whose motive is both too obvious and hard to swallow--The Bodyguard has its flashy, shallow pleasures. There's some wit in Kasdan's script, and dread in the Oscar-ceremony climax.
A suspense classic that never lets up.
There's no unironic value to this.
The premise is workable, but the movie is sabotaged by several elements, including the hot-and-cold dialogue, obvious red herrings, and a ludicrous climax centering on an assassination attempt at the Academy Awards ceremony.
Old fashioned star vehicle that makes no bones about manipulating its audience, but which does so with plenty of theatrical gusto.
A dreary, turgid melodrama featuring the much ballyhooed debut of pop diva Whitney Houston.
The Bodyguard is an outrageous piece of saccharine kitsch -- or, at least, it might have been had the movie seemed fully awake.
A plotless and trashy romantic melodrama that, with th help of some melodic songs, became a popular hit and date movie.
Great Whitney Houston songs, mediocre love story.
A jumbled mess, with a few enjoyable moments but little continuity or flow.
[An] absurd piece of entertaining fluff.
Lawrence Kasdan, it seems, mulled over the first draft of his screenplay twenty years ago; it should have been left to languish in development purgatory.
Serviceable story with Houston making an impressive film debut.
hilarious camp artifact
It's not that it's entirely bad. I liked some of the music and Whitney Houston's singing.
The thriller aspect of The Bodyguard works, but the romance does not.
You'll get the most bang for your entertainment buck by simply buying the soundtrack. A rental of the DVD is strictly optional.
The relationship between Houston and Costner is mighty strange one, albeit profoundly problematic.
Two long hours and 10 minutes after this tale begins, Rachel and Frank seem no closer than seatmates on a long bus trip.
Should have been a perfect star vehicle for Whitney Houston, but the vehicle is a lemon.
Why can't the real Oscars be like this?
Shows how our lives are often throttled by the emotions of fear and desire.
Who wouldn't want Kevin Costner as their bodyguard? And Whitney can sing!
Feature length rock video created to sell soundtracks. Starring Kevin Costner.
Much better than its initial reputation.
The movie does contain a love story, but it's the kind of guarded passion that grows between two people who spend a lot of time keeping their priorities straight.
It's only a matter of time before love arises between Mr. Earphone and Ms. High Note. By that time, Bodyguard has slumped to the ground.
[Costner] was probably more alive as the corpse in The Big Chill than he is here.
With the non-existent romantic chemistry between the main characters, coupled with the sparsely sprinkled suspense of the stalker plot, most of the narrative falls into The Boredom Zone faster than a lead balloon.
I was completely unprepared for just how bad The Bodyguard is.








@highlight

The Bodyguard is a cheesy, melodramatic potboiler with occasional moments of electricity from Whitney Houston.