Quirky documentary about an eccentric dolls-diorama artist with a seriously sad personal history inspiring his art -- the inspiration for "Welcome to Marwen."
Extraordinary, astonishing, revealing, unique
Truly inspiring
The film is never flippant, never disrespectful and always approaches Mark's hobby with eyes wide open and no agenda other than fascinated admiration.
Alternate realities help us work through issues, but might keep us from confronting the world
By allowing his emerging post-trauma experience into his pretend kingdom, the man is reconstituting his self-consciousness, reclaiming the dignity of his whole mind, recovering his soul.
First-time director Jeff Malmberg does almost everything right in this stunningly empathetic documentary.
Marwencol provides a deeply empathetic view of loneliness and powerful evidence of art as an outlet.
Speaks to the addictiveness, the catharsis, the unpredictability, and the eternity of the creative process.
A heartwrenching tale of wish fulfillment on a nearly molecular level...
Marwencol is a mesmerizing documentary, and like Mark Hogancamp it continually surprises you. It may also be one of the best films you'll see all year.
Hogancamp didn't know he was creating art ... he was merely surviving, spinning stories for his sanity. In an era of 'look-at-me,' this type of agenda is as far away from our world as Marwencol itself.
Cinematically raw, untidy and sometimes positively odd, but it's also revealing, fascinating, unsettling and ultimately quite touching.
"Marwencol" is inspiring but also insightful because it refuses to gloss over complex, even discomfiting questions surrounding its endearing but troubled central character.
Malmberg instead takes a gentle approach. He's patient and coaxing, and he lets Mark grow comfortable for the camera.
Simultaneously hypnotic and unnerving, it asks some rather uncomfortable questions about the nature of art and the potential and limits of self-healing.
Director Jeff Malmberg sees something in Hogancamp that he wants all of us to see, an imperfect human scarred by horrific trauma who nonetheless finds a reason to live.
Enthralling and deeply strange.
The film Marwencol is as mesmerizing as Mark's imaginary town and treats him and his world with absolute respect
Hogancamp's alliance with director Jeff Malmberg in this artful and poignant film marks a victory in the war against the self.
A painfully intimate, mysterious, joyous film.
Director Jeff Malmberg documents Hogancamp's twin worlds with care and restraint; "Marwencol" is an example of how a documentary filmmaker can delve into the life of an eccentric person without exploiting them
A fine, delicately nuanced portrait of an artist compelled by mysterious forces to create something utterly unique.
For Mark, his creative expressionism involving dolls and the world he manufactures for them is the key to helping him recover from an event too deplorable to imagine.
Mark, who is on camera much of the time, comes across as an amiable burn-out case, primitivist, artist, obsessive childman, battered soul, horny guy, charming, weird and, by the way, a collector and wearer of women's high heels.
If you have even a passing interest in outsider art, you owe it to yourself to see "Marwencol."
The beauty of "Marwencol" is that, by the time it's over, wanting to live in a doll village doesn't sound so weird because we understand exactly where Hogancamp is coming from.
Producer/director Jeff Malmberg tells the amazing true story with tenderness and tact.
This is truly inspirational filmmaking.
May be aesthetically rough around the edges but it nonetheless offers an empathetic view on a stunningly unique figure.
...either an amazing example of self therapy through art or the most elaborate ploy to get laid ever. Then it gets really weird.
Marwencol is about Hogancamp and his miniature alter-ego, about his photographs and his creative process. But it is also, on a deeper level, about how we process our experiences...
What makes this documentary film interesting is the unique world Hogancamp creates to cope with his intense feelings of anger and loss over his near-fatal beating by five men.
A celebration of the transformative power of art in coping with so many of the challenges people face -- healthcare problems, post-traumatic disorders, alternative lifestyles.
Healing, art, and therapy live in a little town in Belgium
What makes this an unusually strong film, is that there's an unquestionable genuineness about this tragic story about survival... .
The film isn't a heavy reinforcement of shame, but a composed celebration of creativity, brought to life through the soap opera of toys, offering Mark the hero status he's always dreamed for himself.
A haunting movie about a haunted man, Marwencol is a revelatory documentary which is already generating Oscar buzz.
Outsider art has never seemed as riveting -- or as revealing -- as it does in Marwencol.
Marwencol is truly a wonderful town. Because Mark Hogancamp puts incredible detail into the appearance of each doll, everything seems so real!
In the end, Marwencol is a fascinating portrait of a reinvented mind, rather than one of those all-American tales of triumph over adversity.
This tender documentary considers the mysteries of both art and coping.
Utterly compelling portrait of a singular artist and survivor.
Malmberg has a higher aim, one that transcends his individual subject.
Woven together by Jeff Malmberg -- if not seamlessly, then with illuminating patience -- these disparate strands honor an individual as unique as the miniature universe on which he depends.
Marwencol" poses penetrating questions -- about art, outsider status, the mysteries of the human brain and the possibility of second chances -- all while circling, ever closer, an unforgettable individual and the unknowable creative impulse.
First-time director Jeff Malmberg tells Hogancamp's fascinating story with sensitivity, never resorting to exploitation.
Jeff Malmberg's documentary does an amazing job of turning this small patch of dollhouses into a vibrant world of its own, utilizing Hogancamp's own extraordinary pictures of Marwencol's inhabitants to great effect.
This is outsider art in its finest, most unsettling expression.
Malmberg uses his imagination as well in telling this story, with its resonating nuances about the meaning of art and identity, but Hogancamp's modest genius and his incredible creation transcend the confines of outsider art.
A must-see.
An astounding movie one of those tales of all-American oddness that just keeps flowering into weirder, richer territory.
About as fascinating as a documentary can get.
Malmberg applies stylistic and structural tricks to create the most compelling portrait possible, reflecting a respectful but very different agenda from that of his subject.
Where the film is strongest is its ability to lure you in with the astonishing artistic quality and craftsmanship of Hogancamps creation, then make it clear that the man himselfnot his workis the real accomplishment.
Exactly the sort of mysterious and almost holy experience you hope to get from documentaries and rarely do, Jeff Malmbergs Marwencol is something like a homegrown slice of Herzog oddness, complete with true-crime backfill and juicy metafictive upshot.
This one's a keeper.
Malmberg's video imagery, captured by point-and-shoot camerawork, and livened up with big band music from time to time, can't hold a candle to outsider artist Mark Hogancamp's work.
Marwencol shows a process of self-imagining and storytelling that reflects the intricate ways that we all understand ourselves, the worlds inside and around us.


@highlight

Inspiring and fascinating, Marwencol depicts its subject with heartfelt tenderness, raising poignant questions about art and personal tragedy along the way.