A rubbish script, terrible acting from all concerned -- including, I regret to say, Uma Thurman -- and Woo's action histrionics uneasily confined to science lab interiors, all conspire to produce a movie of utter redundancy.
Woo's stylish touches fall flat in this forgettable project
This movie just sags, even in the action scenes.
It's not necessarily high brow sci-fi, but it is very accessible to the mainstream eye.
Paycheck takes two hours to watch and two minutes to forget.
Playful but inconsequential...the interpretation of Dick's intriguing concept is a street which mostly just dead-ends into noisy silliness. [Blu-ray]
"Paycheck" is a no-brainer action movie with just enough sci-fi thematic input to keep it spicy.
Most of it is very predictable and so obvious and instantly draws us away from the characters because everything here feels very artificial and very staged.
For those who enjoy a ripper of a good yarn, Paycheck is good value.
Some remedial script work is in need, and the characters are far from compelling. But the action is up to scratch and it rattles happily along.
There's a sense of treading water about this movie.
It's nice to know that there's a director out there who still knows how to use marquee stars and to blow stuff up real good, without resorting to CGI fakery.
Paycheck is John Woo lite.
A mildly entertaining slice of science fiction that's anchored by some top-notch action.
The film discards serious discussion for Mexican standoffs and action scenes, trading the possibility of complex rewards for simple pleasures.
This could have been a terrific movie. Unfortunately, Paramount and Director John Woo (who was responsible for the lamentable Windtalkers), ruined it by prolific special effects.
There is enough left of the original idea in the movie to recommend it, just barely.
Ben Affleck is one of the blandest actors vying for Hollywood's action movie crown now that Harrison Ford is on pension . . .
Clearly, the whole cast was here simply to collect - yes, you guessed it - a pay cheque.
The characters are charismatic, the action sequences strong and the plot — adapted from a Philip K. Dick story — better than average.
Inexpressibly ropey sci-fi thriller joylessly directed by John Woo and based, natch, on a Philip K Dick short story.
John Woo delivers some fun thrills in an otherwise lackluster action pic.
Desperdiça uma ótima idéia em prol da ação descerebrada.
It doesn't take a world-famous genius to peg this thing a paycheck movie if there ever was one.
Dick's nifty sci-fi plot is undermined by Hollywood present, from vapid Affleck to Woo's explosively dreary finale.
When will Ben Affleck's perceived star power fade away? He just doesn't seem to have the inner angst and soulfulness that you see in the eyes of Cruise, Pitt or even Damon.
If ever a movie title summed up a viewer's assessment of all those involved it's this one.
Paycheck is classic John Woo: not challenging, but a fun ride as long as you don't try to pick it apart.
Plenty of chases, shoot-outs and fights that are flashy but not particularly impressive, especially by Woo standards.
'If nature abhors a vacuum, how come Affleck hasn't been struck by lightning yet?'
A brisk, enjoyable, implausible sci-fi thriller.
John Woo ... plays this one largely by the numbers
Paycheck doesn't even attend to its own internal sense: If the future changes moment by moment, then how can Michael possibly anticipate it?
It lacks pace and inventiveness, never drawing anything meaningful or exciting from the premise.
Coming up short on just about everything - from the casting and dialog to the action sequences - Woo rides the high of a strong story into the ground.
... the latest corpse in a long string of casualties left by Ben Affleck's 'star power' and credibility void as a man of action.
Generally succeeds as an action movie and occasionally slips as a smarty pants work of speculative fiction, but fun overall.
Let's just say 2003 was not Ben Affleck's best year.
Tout le monde ici s'est donc contenté de venir chercher son chèque de paie...
The one thing we cannot forgive in a would-be thriller is boredom. Even Woo's trademarks, the fluttering birds and the two-gun stand-off, feel perfunctory.
Director John Woo, progenitor of film violence as stylized artistry, rests on his laurels here. He keeps the action sufficiently engaging, but never mind-blowing.
You've seen Roadrunner cartoons with more suspense than this entirely predictable hash.
A pleasant enough diversion.
It moves quickly, doesn't belabor the obvious, doesn't do anything stupid, and will be forgotten the moment you exit the theater.
Doves might be symbolic for many of the classic struggles in film and literature. But something they drop from their business end embodies what "Paycheck's" all about.
For the average escapism-craving Joe, Paycheck is a breezy way to forget about reality for two hours.
Affleck is no Schwarzenegger but director Woo works with what he's got. With Uma Thurman as the action sidekick/love interest, how bad can it be?
A good bit of the negativity surrounding the film wouldn't exist if it starred anyone but Ben Affleck (well, maybe not Mark Wahlberg either).
What's the problem? Ben Affleck is perfectly believable as a guy who spends two hours confused and with a dazed look on his face.
The first hurdle is the hardest: Accepting Ben Affleck in the role of possibly the most intelligent man on the planet.
Only dedicated fans will be willing to overlook Paycheck's relatively weak cast and lackluster fights and chases.
Paycheck is nothing more than an adequate thriller; a standard chase movie.
Just add an underwritten love interest, a scruffy yet lovable sidekick, stir violently and overcook action sequences. Serves millions, but tastes bland.
It's hard to imagine Dick ever writing anything as empty as this.
Fails to satisfy as either a Dickian head trip or a Woo-zy thriller...
How appropriate that Woo's awkward sci-fi nutty narrative is about memory loss seeing as though this convoluted clunker is utterly forgettable.
While the tautly paced Paycheck succeeds at keeping your attention, it offers nothing at all to think about or even remember once its two hours have run their course.
Total Recall without the ambiguity and Fifty First Dates without the jokes. Now I'm referencing movies that aren't even out yet, what's wrong with me?
A light-weight and entertaining piece of sci-fi
Seems like yet another job for hire for the great filmmaker, but one with a strong enough story to sustain our interest for two hours.
The strength of Paycheck is its story which, despite being infused with the trappings of a Hollywood action film, still hangs together.
As soulless a film as Woo has made.
From Hard Target to M:I2 to Windtalkers, only moments of Woo's pyrotechnic talent is evident, working in the corporate Hollywood world stifling the maestro's more go-for-broke tendencies.
Maybe a paycheck was all director John Woo and stars Ben Affleck and Uma Thurman had in mind when they made this half-hearted, inept sci-fi thriller.
It's all about getting a fat paycheck.
Without ever quite becoming boring, Paycheck seems to narrow into a routine pattern, and a plot that at first had nuance and the hint of a broader meaning degenerates into chases and standard action.
Dean Georgaris scripted Paycheck from a Philip K. Dick story, and John Woo turned it into the sort of film plastic that groans of metal fatigue.
Less exciting than it should have been.
You may not buy everything about this movie, but you'll likely leave it with a smile.
Dean Georgaris' script leans too much on Affleck going MacGyver at the exact right moment.
Affleck is just fine when he plays a regular guy, but whenever he tries to, like, act, he ends up looking like a perplexed and mildly retarded simian.
The film's greatest drawback was its director's lack of vision and understanding of the world of technology.
Ben Affleck stars in a mix of Hitchcock style and 21st century mind games that can't quite cash itself.
If a movie is going to flout, or at least bend, the laws of the universe, it at least ought to obey its own internal rules.
[Woo] still has pretty much of a tin ear for American performances, so he lets Affleck doze through the starring role. The film feels as if it has no center.
Though the premise is provocative enough, the execution feels like a host of other violent action-drenched movies.
Once Jennings starts McGuyvering his way out of trouble using items from his manila envelope of tricks, the story careens into a brain-dead end.
A bloated thriller that runs out of steam long before its final interminable chase.
It's less like a movie than a DVD burned using a file-serving Web site where you can download favorite movie scenes.
Blazingly stupid, punishingly dull.
As a genius running for his life, Affleck's got the intensity of a frat brother racing to return a keg before he loses the deposit.
It's a sci-fi thriller that's so tired, routine and smothered in deja vu that it's rather shocking to think it was directed by John Woo.
A terribly muddled mess.
Just more of the same old, lame old.
You leave Paycheck feeling as if you've just watched a big-budget version of a made-for- television movie.
Belongs with the likes of Impostor: a near-future tale of paranoia and suspense of disappointingly generic proportions.
Has the feel, alas, of a movie that Woo did so he could get to do something else -- it's not a very personal work for him, and it lacks freshness.
Affleck gives a sleek, economical performance as Jennings.
The whole project bears the marks of a bored director, and a script in constant flux.
This smooth but bland thriller may be the best we could possibly expect from John Woo directing a Philip K. Dick adaptation, especially when Ben Affleck is added to the mix.
Unlike Woo's Face/Off or Broken Arrow, there are no stunts, special effects or kinetic moments in Paycheck that really blow you away.
The second half of the film is one overlong action sequence linked to another.
It falls about midway along the spectrum of movie adaptations of Dick's work.
Every scene screams, 'I'm only doing this for the money.'
Woo isn't as much interested in ideas as in the physical complications they provide. Nor does he work too hard to give the scenario credibility.
There's only limited suspense and absolutely nothing like a character you can believe in.
A mostly tangled affair that betrays an intriguing premise and botches most opportunites to deepen the proceedings.
This mishmash of Philip K. Dick, cheesy romance, Hitchcock references and Woo's own BMW commercials is sadly outdated on delivery.
Ben Affleck is a handsome fellow. No argument there. What he isn't is a particularly compelling leading man.
The first third builds up suspense through dialogue, plotting, ambiguity. Then Woo apparently recalls that he's expected to fill pictures with chases, explosions and 'stylish' trademarks.
We're left with the painful reality that Paycheck might get Alfred Hitchcock, but it certainly doesn't know Philip K. Dick.
How sad to see John Woo churn out an action thriller so thoroughly generic.
A story that doesn't make a lick of sense, even on its own coherence-mangling terms.
By-the-book thrills speed by giving the film an exhausting pace, but it doesn't translate into the heart-pounding suspense the film promises.
One of those thoroughly entertaining flicks that is easily forgotten.
With its bland central character, and collapsible contraption of a plot, Paycheck leaves little after-effect.
Instead of a nifty thriller, Woo delivers typical bombast, making what should be an exciting film feel like 'Exhibit A' in the case against modern action films.
Makes little of its fascinating premise and seems to show the once-mighty Woo running out of breath and ideas.
Gives further proof of the eroding skills of filmmaker John Woo, for whom Paycheck is surely a career low.
Efficient and occasionally fun -- but never to the extent that you can overlook its shortcomings.
There are countless fascinating possibilities involved in Philip K. Dick's story, and I'm kind of sad that the ones ranking highest in the minds of the filmmakers was the opportunity to have chase scenes and blow stuff up real good.
This is cinematic cotton candy at its most caloric, and could pass as worthy yet inconsequential entertainment if it only had a tenth of a brain.
Paycheck, if remembered at all, will only be for how derivative the memory of these two great masters of their fields has become.
The blanks, and there are many, are filled with dunderheaded plotting and logic usually reserved only for James Bond movies.
This is one Affleck misstep you can't blame on J. Lo.
begins with a clever concept and eventually settles for being little more than a 'there's not a moment to spare!' chase picture...
Paycheck fails to fully explore the interesting question it poses and regresses into a brainless actioner.
Appealingly silly for most of the way, and then stunningly, unfathomably absurd in its climax.
Operates at the level of a Game Boy shoot-'em-up: all action, bells and whistles, but no substance.
If you're looking for a fun alternative to the heavy-drama Oscar contenders and you like sci-fi action thrillers, Paycheck will fill the bill.
Sadly, the once glowing Hollywood promise of Ben Affleck and director John Woo has gradually given way to good paycheck hunting.
Woo's sci-fi thriller puts "MacGyver" into a Philip K. Dick short story, never taking itself too seriously.
The film elaborates greatly on Philip K. Dick's short story but has too many redundant action scenes.
At the end of John Woo's latest Hollywood misstep, Ben Affleck hefts two bags of manure on his back and stumbles around, effectively defusing anything cogent I could say.
An intelligent sci-fi thriller that's intriguing and exhilarating.
Is Affleck in it for the salvation of the world or Uma Thurman's booty?
Too smart for a mindless actioneer, and too slick to capture the full moral weight of Dick's dystopia.
Forget about seeing it.
Limp retread of Minority Report.
Paycheck is bad enough that it may convince some movie-goers not to go to another film just because it was made by John Woo.
Paycheck's no breakthrough, but it's the tightest John Woo movie since his Hong Kong heyday.
Paycheck is the sort of noisy nonsense that Woo's earlier action movies made irrelevant, but alas not extinct.
At times, the whole thing feels like a parody of the genre. Still, director John Woo makes all this nonsense thoroughly entertaining, full of the slow-motion explosions, Mexican standoffs and the doves you've come to expect.
Nothing in the movie is a surprise.
The amazing thing about John Woo's steely, impersonal adaptation of Philip K. Dick sci-fi story ... is how it vanishes in front of our eyes even as we watch it.
without Woo's zest for kinetic energy, Paycheck would be just a few neat ideas stuffed inside a stiff, stifling adventure.
Ranks with Impostor as among the least memorable of big-screen adaptations of the late S.F. author's canon.
The law of diminishing returns appears to have caught up with Hollywood's Philip K. Dick infatuation.
Ben Affleck's latest action flick comes on strong, but ends up just another action flick without sufficient funds.
Starring Ben Affleck and Uma Thurman. And Ben Affleck and Uma Thurman's stunt doubles.
Acting is hard to do. Watch Affleck try it and barely make a go of it.
A film that squanders a potentially intriguing premise and, in John Woo, a stylish director on a film that is merely content to waste them on a silly collection of clichés.
A flat, derivative pseudo-thriller...certainly the weakest of Woo's American movies. And before you ask, yes, I have seen 'Hard Target' (and rather liked it).
The Swiss could take lessons...on how to mold something so cheesy and full of holes (but) the picture (gets by on) Woo's distinctively, gratifyingly slick cinematic tactics.
Forgoes originality in favor of stock thriller trappings.
a big, well-paced thriller that's scads of fun as it races along to a suitably Woo-esque climax of gunshots, acrobatics, and way cool slow motion effects
The possibilities of Dick's premise are never really exploited, just used as the framework for limp action set-pieces.
Writer Dean Georgaris and director John Woo propel a viewer through shoot-outs, chases and suspense sequences that break enough new ground to feel fresh.










@highlight

Though Dick's short story has an intriguing premise, Woo reduces it to a lot of meaningless chases, shoot-outs, and explosions.