Should inspire many who suffer from life-threatening health problems. It is also quite interesting on a purely dramatic level.
A very compelling human story.
Ascher and Jordan bring [their] personal knowledge to bear on the Heywoods' plight, sometimes asking wistfully whether it is ultimately any different from any other family's trouble.
It is harrowing, heartbreaking, cheering, and unforgettable.
A humbling and inspiring chronicle of one man's tireless efforts to save the life of his terminally ill younger brother.
So Much So Fast tries hard to imbue Stephen's story with a life-is-fleeting wonder. In fact, it tries too hard.
It retains an upbeat air of hope, and even humor, as two brave men battle fate.
not nearly the car crash it could be
Affecting, slightly overextended film.
Jamie's desperation, however, is understandable, as is his anger at the pharmaceutical establishment that continues to fail ALS sufferers.
This vigorous documentary offers a five-year record of 29-year-old Stephen Heywoods battle with A.L.S., or Lou Gehrigs disease.
Condensing years of filming down to 87 minutes makes every cut register with a pang of mortality: The temporal ellipses swipe away precious weeks and months in a flicker.
All about life and death and coping with a tragically brief span between the two for one unlucky but determined soul.
A glowing testament to family bonds and the will to survive. Only those with stone hearts will be unmoved by this remarkable production.
An inspiring look at an idea the medical establishment doesn't like grass roots pharmaceutical research.
So Much So Fast... elegantly presents both a critique and a celebration of American optimism.
This nonfiction film, 5 years in the making,compels attention from its surprisingly spirited victim of a dread disease.
The film is relentlessly sad, though at its core exists a nugget of hope that is as extraordinary as every single person in this amazing story.
Ascher and Jordan's poignant and often humorous portrait covers two perspectives of of a tragic equation.
There's absolutely no denying the overall effectiveness of So Much So Fast.
So Much So Fast offers an unflinching look at the effects of a terminal diagnosis, not just on the victim, but on everyone around him.
Access and affection, which can fog the lens of the documaker, are precisely what make So Much So Fast so moving and engaging.
Completely, perfectly balanced in its approach.

@highlight

A poignant documentary about terminal illness that's as moving as it is honest.