By objectifying Jews as exotic others rather than presenting them as subjects, the Raimi production eliminates the precise element that would have been most powerful for a Jewish audience.
Not every film needs to reinvent the wheel, and nothing here is particularly ground-breaking, yet this is one of the more satisfying horror jaunts in quite some time.
...a better-than-expected variation on an exceedingly hoary theme...
Puppet-master technique and a generally well orchestrated sense of moodiness help this chiller deliver on more than it botches, despite a fumbled third act.
"The Possession" offers a few scares here and there. But, mostly it's a retread of spooky films that went before.
The movie is well-appointed if not terribly well thought-out.
Isabelle Adjani and Sam Neill give mesmerizingly out-there performances as a troubled couple trying to hold it together for their young son.
While frustratingly vague in terms of character and motivation, The Possession is among the more competent of recent studio horror efforts. If only that wasn't the best thing I could say about it.
When it comes to exorcism movies, the Catholics have the Jews beat
Disquieting, lush in style, and most importantly, emotionally engaging, The Possession is a throwback to celebrated cinematic horror of old.
In lesser hands, The Possession would simply feel like a blatant rip-off from horror days of yore. Yet Bornedal's well-crafted feature proves far better than expected.
The Possession fails to differentiate itself from standard exorcism stories and movie experiences - even if it is 'Based on True Events.'
... a stale and shameless rip-off of The Exorcist ...
Benefits from a sympathetic lead performance by Jeffrey Dean Morgan...
Underwhelming supernatural horror picture - somewhat creepy but easily forgettable.
Borndel delivers just what is expected for a visual horror film, but besides the reference to dybbuks, there is nothing at all new or fresh.
The problem . . . is that all the spooky hokum has gotten in the way of what might have been a nicely rendered family drama about the toll of divorce
Much better than it needs to be given its late-summer horror flick placement.
The story of the box itself seems more frightening, whether you believe it or not, than this assembly-line tale of a young girl whose suburban family is haunted after the Dybbuk inhabits her soul.
[Director] Bornedal never slows it all down enough to give you time for the hairs on the back of your neck to wake up.
This effective little creeper is the only Judaic pastiche of The Exorcist you're likely to see this year. That alone gives it a jump on the umpteen other evil/possessed-child films that have become a seemingly monthly genre staple of late.
Offers nothing new without being actively terrible.
Director Ole Bornedal doesn't add a single idea of his own.
There may be need for an exorcist, but the power of Christ isn't going to compel the Jewish demon wreaking havoc in this competent but shopworn horror film.
The Sam Raimi-produced "The Possession" enters the ring against the classic heavyweight champion "The Exorcist" and is embarrassingly smote during the first round.
Put "The Possession" on the short-list for one of the worst films of 2012.
Quality actors like Kyra Sedgwick and Jeffrey Dean Morgan try their best but are left high and dry by the hokum.
Refreshingly free of found-footage flapdoodle and was made by people with a tripod and a knowledge of lighting.
THE POSSESSION is surprisingly above average for the genre -- and certainly much better than entries like The Devil Inside and The Rite.
Natasha Calis leads a strong cast and the "based on truth" plot is compelling. This means chills with substance.
It's the sort of film where you get a few good scares and then say, 'Well, that was better than I was expecting.'
Kyra Sedgwick is in this movie, meaning it's two degrees of Kevin Bacon and even fewer degrees of terrible.
You're always painfully aware of how scared the characters are, even if you don't quite feel the same.
After seeing this film, you may never buy at a garage sale, again.
By dint of its underplayed acting and serious tone, The Possession is one of the better efforts of its type ...
Just a nugget of truth doesn't amount to a true gold rush. Whether or not you believe in the "true story" on which this film is "based," that real-life backstory is more titillating than its cinematic dybbuk dramatization.
Bornedal can't find anything to make his story unique. It could have been the dybbuk box but whatever potential for originality lay in that detail has been exorcised out.
Some good scares, but not enough to pay full admission price. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
As Yogi Berra might say, The Possession is deja vu all over again.
The first half of The Possession is suitably atmospheric and reasonably creepy.
In the end, The Possession is simply just another movie about a possessed demon child who does the things that demon children do.
Slumber party horror movie fodder. It'll likely only scare 13-year-old girls, but at least it had some decent atmosphere and was interesting enough to keep me watching.
A stylish but silly horror picture that...doesn't appreciably alter the formula that William Peter Blatty and William Friedkin established nearly four decades ago.
Better than you'd expect but not as good as it could have been, The Possession is an average film that contains a few undeniably great moments.
There's something oddly sweet at the center of this scary movie, and it's more than just Matisyahu
An interesting failure...
'The Possession' is not bad. Director ole Bornedal has a nice touch with some things, such as the afore-mentioned atmosphere. But he inexplicably blows other things. Oy, Ole.
For you readers out there who tend to enjoy when a horror movie actually gives you some compelling characters and relationships as well as a few good scares and creepy moments, then you'll probably enjoy the flick
A creepy box, a new religious angle, and just enough visceral energy to fill a two-minute trailer.
This feature is exceptionally good at pulling its punches, leaving discouraged viewers to fantasize about a more satisfying picture poured from the same filmmaking ingredients.
"The Possession" relies less on shock value and more on a well-told tale, methodically presented, and building to an exciting climax.
Yet another watered-down EXORCIST clone. Nothing you haven't seen before.
Before jumping the rails by the climax, director Bornedal gets it right, his know-how of the genre, of the importance of building atmosphere and character over predictable jump scares, recalls a lush, adult-minded style all but missing since the 1970s.
This is slickly made production-line horror that never attempts to do more than merely go through the motions - and not even actors of the calibre of Morgan and Kyra Sedgwick (as Em's mother Stephanie) are able to bring it to life.
Within its narrow genre of demonic possession, The Possession is a bantamweight.
The film is basically a compendium of possessed-child clichés reaching back to The Exorcist.
Another horror movie about a little girl possessed by a demon? Seriously?
The script, credited to Juliet Snowden and Stiles White, adheres so closely to formula that it's possible to predict not only which characters will end up dead, but in what order ...
Anyone who actually believes in dybbuks and other ghoulies will find "The Possession" terrifying. For the rest of us, the movie is a cleverly constructed, well-paced piece of hokum.
THE POSSESSION gave me the willies. It's a well-made, smart horror movie.
Is The Possession destined to be a classic? Probably not. But it's well worth a few bucks to see on the big screen, and is certainly one of the better hellish-havoc flicks I've seen in some time.
Whatever good will The Possession has built up begins to dissipate rapidly, and we start to realize that maybe it wasn't worth struggling over in the first place.
As Fox Mulder's poster proclaimed, "The tooth is out there" applies here, or is that the leap-off for the sequel? It's scary and real. I know two people with similar experiences with spirits contained in non-living objects.
A better-than-most fright-time tale ...
Even if you resist the film's claims of being based on one family's actual experiences, "The Possession" is eerily enjoyable pulp.
This is a lugubrious, lovingly crafted B movie, with more than a little 1970s flavor but no arch postmodern attitude.
The obvious bid for an unwarranted sequel at the end of The Possession suggest that Raimi, once hailed for his vision, is now content to just milk his cows and count his cash.
The evil spirit in "The Possession" should be embarrassed to call itself a demon.
Danish director Ole Bornedal has made some fine films in his career. The Possession isn't one of them.
"The Possession" is morally lazy.
Rather than embellish imaginatively, screenwriter Leslie Gornstein seems to have re-watched The Exorcist, Poltergeist and The Unborn for inspiration.
As if to remind us of his past fame, Bornedal holds his climax in a hospital's basement morgue where the unleashing of hell apparently cannot be heard on floors above.
The Possession offers a steady stream of chuckles and a few big laughs. Unfortunately, it isn't a comedy ...
"The Possession" isn't exactly "The Exorcist," but Ole Bornedal's film hits enough high notes to make it a worthwhile addition to the exorcism-film heap, somewhere in the lower middle.
Slick direction and a strong central turn from Jeffrey Dean Morgan will keep you watching, if rarely from the edge of your seat.
Nothing earthshaking, but a pretty scary night out...
Hang on, did Raimi actually have anything to do with this?
The Possession is funnier and better-acted than many similar films, but still feels awfully rote.
The elegant closing credits are among the year's most stylish.
"The Exorcist" has influenced a lot of films, and this is one of the better ones.
If you see only one Jewish demonic possession movie this year...
If The Possession really was 9/10ths of the law, our entire legal system would pretty much be based on The Exorcist.
Delivers second-rate horror clichés unbefitting the imprimatur of producer Sam Raimi.
Remarkable only in how brazenly it embraces the tired yet proven formula that these modern ghost tales deal in.
This Jewish-themed horror film demonstrates that the Anti-Defamation League is never around when you need them.
Keep a close eye on what your children buy at yard sales, suggests The Possession, a ho-hum exorcism chiller that tries to spice up a formulaic screenplay by converting a predominantly Catholic-fixated horror subgenre to Judaism.
This variation on the demon child subgenre has enough of the familiar and the new to be a decently good time at the movies.
Director Ole Bornedal deserves some credit for his restraint and tonal control, but there's only so much he can do for this latest twist on the moldy exorcism drama.
I'm certain that there are still creative, interesting stories to be told based around the idea of demonic possession, but this one can barely be considered an effort.
Predictable, derivative, incoherent, dunderheaded and criminally unscary, this is proof the time has come to exorcise possession movies.
It might raise the odd hair but don't let the clever advertising campaign, or Sam Raimi's name, fool you; the only really scary thing here is the lack of imagination.
Finally, a Jewish horror film (and not just a Bernie Madoff documentary!)

@highlight

It may be based on a true story, but that doesn't excuse the way The Possession repeatedly falls back on hoary ghost movie clichés -- or the uninentional laughs it provides.