As a psychological drama, Borgman feels somewhat strained and is plagued with some cliches (the bored and lonely housewife). However, the film does provide a sense of realism that makes it horrifying and terrifying to watch.
Although Borgman can accurately be described as part psychological horror movie, part modern fairy tale, it unfolds within a world so realistic it's jarring and genuinely creepy like Rosemary's Baby.
Clearly allegorical, but what exactly it speaks to (some personal version of familial unrest, no doubt) is probably different for everyone. Regardless, it's a fascinating film with darkly comic moments that bears repeated viewings.
Beautifully filmed and intellectually stimulating, Borgman is one of the most unique and exhilarating films of 2014 despite its lack of resolution and clarification.
Funny Games, indeed. Creepy, spooky and nightmarish.
What Marina sees in Borgman is one of the countless implausibilities that make the film more annoying than disturbing.
The black humour and perversity can occasionally startle, but the film takes far too much sadistic delight in punishing these entitled dopes.
Horror is far more unsettling when it's surrounded by teak furniture.
A creepily comical story about an insistent vagrant turned insidious home occupier.
Borgman falls somewhere between Boudu and Rasputin in the canon of family interlopers, an instinctual manipulator who can pinpoint vulnerability with laser precision.
It's a sidelong coming-of-age that feels as though it skims the bittersweetness of its ending, but Lucky Them cares more about the trip than the destination.
Borgman is one of the oddest, most unsettling, most boldly and strikingly bizarre films I have seen in a long while.
It's the hypnotic little thriller's disturbing twists that make it such a singular -- and singularly weird -- experience.
It's a challenging but fascinating work that truly has be seen to be understoo -- er, appreciated.
Borgman stays compelling through sheer strangeness, gorgeous photography and sharp performances.
The degree of ambiguity involved in this scenario imbues each new twist with claustrophobia and dread.
Though it's too enigmatic for its own good and often feels like it's being made up as it goes, the Dutch import "Borgman" holds interest if only to see what might possibly happen next.
"Borgman" might sound compelling in the abstract. But if you want to enjoy it and stay engaged by it for more than 10 minutes, you'll have to talk yourself into it.
Itinerant crooks or satanists? This bizarre import has the feel of a fever dream. Characters, most especially the eponymous gardener, float through the narrative as if in a Dr. Caligari-induced haze.
To watch the boundlessly unpredictable "Borgman" unpeel one disquieting layer at a time is to be simultaneously invigorated, terrified and humbled by the vastness of its macabre ambition.
Borgman is a film that lingers long after it's ended.
Borgman burrows under our skins by being different. Ironically, the fact that it's so different might scare the bulk of its potential audience away.
This humorous, subtly nightmarish tale could be the vigorous brain-boink you've been craving.
Filled with surreal touches and shocking scenes of black humor, Borgman steams ahead with the power and inevitability of a nightmare.
At a time when modern films pummel you over the head with their intentions, van Warmerdam's ambiguity in mapping out Borgman's implacable agenda will hopefully fuel many rewarding, post-screening discussions.
That it never adds up to anything is a liability - it plays like 'Dogtooth' without the drive - and the secret to its unique success. After all, it never lets up.
[An] exceptionally disturbing film ...
You may find yourself chuckling at Borgman as much as you recoil at it. It's destined for cult status.
The Dutch oddity "Borgman" is sometimes playful, sometimes invigorating, but mysterious to a fault.
"Borgman" can sometimes frustrate but it is an accomplished piece of work, driven by a uniquely malevolent tonal balance and two fantastic central performances.
The story's magic is black, its perfidy driven by evil spirits.
What's most effective about "Borgman" is Bijvoet's mixture of aggressive boldness and reason, his 'creepy crawling' around his benefactress's home even leading to the repeated invasion of her dreams, a homeless demon.
A home invasion movie that is more Godard than grindhouse, and a brilliant one at that.
With so many outré elements and so few concrete answers, Borgman certainly has the makings of a cult film, which seems very much by design. Too much by design, arguably ...
It's a disturbing feature, flirting with incomprehensibility at times, but its way with mounting unpleasantness is frequently masterful, tilted with moments of dark comedy.
"Borgman" is a movie about the way that families fall apart without ever realizing it until the whole house collapses. Or maybe it's about psychic vampires. Maybe both.
A sickening horror parable disguised as a comedy of mores, the Netherlands' "Borgman" is a rarity: a genuinely shocking, upsetting movie.
A nasty, insane, mind-melting and unpredictable piece of work
It's the kind of movie where no one behaves like a real person ought to and a lot of the plot doesn't make sense but you can't help but be pulled into its eerie, off-kilter web of menace.
The picture is fascinating for the way it introduces the kernel of an idea and then builds on it slowly, sustaining suspense rather than just leading the audience right up to the "OK, I get it" moment and running out of steam.
In an era where there are very few truly surprising films, Borgman is one of the rare movies that manages to find something entirely new to say, with original, oddly drawn characters.
Maddeningly inscrutable, but it gets away with not playing by the rules. Somehow.
An art-house con destined to make viewers who've ever used the term "mindf---" as praise rack their brains trying to come up with alternate readings for a film that invites many but convincingly offers none.
Borgman is a suburban fever dream along the lines of a much more horrifying Quentin Dupieux film, permitting audiences to determine where they believe the true evil hides.
Borgman remains an elegantly teasing puzzle even as you begin to suspect there could be slightly less here than meets the eye.
While the film ultimately is not as satisfying as it promises to be for much of the duration, it remains bracingly creepy and off-kilter.
Van Warmerdam has built a visually clean, efficient, modern version of a fairy tale...the film confirms the veteran Dutch filmmaker as an under-sung, if perhaps old-fashioned, practitioner of that trusty art-house staple, the twisted domestic allegory.
For those who get on its wavelength, the rewards are ample and the desire to re-watch will take over.
Writer-director Alex van Warmerdam (who also plays one of Borgman's associates) drops vague hints of a supernatural, or even biblical, origin for his disruptive protagonist, but ultimately chooses to leave things up to, or perhaps beyond, interpretation.
A film that James Whale would have made given the chance.
A loopy, lopsided experiment
...astonishingly infuriating for much of its absurdly overlong running time.
How do you solve a problem like Borgman? A puzzle movie from the Netherlands with seemingly no key, it frustrates and intrigues in equal measure. Well, maybe not equal measure. Much more of the first thing.
Provides a wonderful sense of unease as to who deserves our sympathy.
A sly, insidious and intermittently hilarious domestic thriller that is likely to remain one of the most daring selections of this year's Cannes competish.
Damn-near destined to endure as a cult classic and high-point of contemporary Dutch cinema.
...whether or not it's handed any silverware, we had a great time with it as a modern adult fairytale and a blackly funny continuation of one of our most resilient storytelling traditions: Good vs Evil.
There's the frustrating sense of ideas bubbling too low beneath the surface, of mordant jokes serving as an end rather than a means.

@highlight

Borgman 's unpredictability may confound as many viewers as it enthralls, but either way, it's a refreshingly original experiment in off-kilter terror.