A brilliant initial approach, flirting with parody, sublimating irony. [Full review in Spanish]
The Lego Batman Movie mostly proves that this franchise has already descended into a disappointing formula. These movies flash a subversive hook, then straighten it out as they streak along.
Will Arnett returns and he's just great. He is a really good Batman...His voice is so perfect for that character.
The Lego Movie was a kids' movie for the ages. Lego Batman is a smart, cheeky movie for right now.
[Batman] was in the original Lego movie for the comedic relief and that was pretty much the point his character, so taking that and putting him as the focus of a movie just doesn't really work.
Funny, clever, action-packed, and rocking with music and kaleidoscopic graphics, but it's the underlying messages that make it a great family film.
While not as accessible for general audiences as The LEGO Movie, The LEGO Batman Movie is a fan-pleasing effort that showcases everything that's awesome about The Dark Knight.
It's trying awfully hard to be edgy while doubling down on some of Hollywood's most common tropes.
There is no way to take anything seriously ... not even the hackneyed message of family virtues. [Full review in Spanish]
The LEGO Batman Movie may not be perfect or the unexpected heartstring pulling emotional masterpiece that the first film revealed itself to be, but it is a genuine love letter to all things Batman
Everything is awesome-er in this Batman-themed spin-off to The Lego Movie.
It's audacious, brilliant and definitely a super powered comedy.
Our plastic protagonist may not have Clooney's chest or the chiselled jaw of Affleck, but he's definitely the hero we need right now.
Plundering joyously from other franchises -- Voldemort, King Kong and the Eye of Sauron are all prominent -- the detail is exquisite, the humour nicely balanced between child-friendly and adult, and the all-star voice cast top-notch.
The LEGO Batman Movie gets you laughing right from the start...
While there's no originality in terms of seeing our beloved Lego characters being animated on the big screen, the visuals and action sequences are extremely kinetic and spectacular.
An act of merry self-critique that absorbs all of... the criticisms that have been levied against the brand over the years, and enthusiastically agrees with them.
A word of advice: lower your expectations and take the children anyway.
While the film provides good, satirical fun, the animation does not seem as wondrous as the first film. But I'm also not 9.
A little dark, a little unusual, but ultimately a saviour for school holidays and the adults seeking to entertain little ones.
Spin-off Lego Batman similarly shouldn't work, with Batman's overcompensating 'bro' jibes working perfectly as a funny sideshow, but his standalone venture has become perhaps the greatest exploration of the Caped Crusader yet.
For a movie that contains this much pure silliness, it's too bad it thinks it needs to talk down to kids, too.
The plastic brick caped crusader gets his own solo movie - and it is just as daft, just as endearing and just as funny as its predecessor.
What initially appears to be a facile (if fun) piece of entertainment actually deepens as it progresses.
The Lego Batman Movie is not to be underestimated.
This may be the most thought-provoking Batman movie to date. If not, it's certainly the most vital look at the psychological makeup of the character.
As a Batman movie, however, this smart, self-aware, fast and funny outing is just made to puncture the self-serious, overinflated mythos of the post-Nolan Bat.
A frantic mish-mash of ideas and references that turns out to be not-all-that funny... It's more multiplex mulch than memorable.
The result is an ideal movie for the school holidays, one that children of all ages will rock along with (Batman fancies his own singing) and adults will laugh at.
Although the end result may feel a touch inconsequential, there's a huge amount of fun to be found in this sunny, nimble and witty film.
This movie is the non-stop chuckle machine Warner Bros. needed, though not necessarily the one it deserves.
Emotion can reside in the unlikeliest packages. But there's not a lot of it on show here. The animation, however, is terrific and fans of the original should love it.
An entertaining, self-aware take on cinema's grumpiest superhero.
... destroys Batman, superheroes, super-villains, and pop culture in the most hilarious ways imaginable.
Enormously entertaining, inventive and visually spectacular ... has lavish fun referencing the Batman mythology from go to woe, and the deeper you're enmeshed in that universe, the more fun you'll have.
LEGO interpretations should always be seen as positive spoofs, and The LEGO Batman Movie is as potent and funny a roast as you can find.
The LEGO Batman Movie's biggest strength is its ability to play into the inherent silliness of Batman in a way that no other film version has.
Leaves Batman Vs Superman for dead, although that is damning the film with faint praise.
It's a bit over-the-top and a little too pleased with its own cleverness, but there is a lot of genuine, inoffensive fun in The Lego Batman Movie.
Playful, clever, jam-packed with pop culture references, The Lego Batman Movie has clearly been made by someone who is intimately acquainted with his iconic subject.
What's missing is any trace of 1980s-style punk cynicism to underpin the pop playfulness; instead, there's a complacency which is death to humour.
Just like 2014's insanely enjoyable The Lego Movie, The Lego Batman Movie takes many interchangeable bits and pieces from all over the place, then swiftly builds something totally unexpected and unrelentingly fun.
A low bar for inauthenticity, and by the third or fourth joke about how corny the old TV show is, you remember the old TV show had more meta intelligence in any ten minutes of a given episode than the whole of this exhausting exercise.
In the beginning, there was The Lego Movie, and we saw that it was good. Now there is The Lego Batman Movie, and it too is good, if a little less so.
There are pleasures to be found within the zesty effort, though perhaps not quite enough required to sustain the feature's 104-minute running time.
The same saccharine joy that made The Lego Movie so great is cloaked all over Gotham City and it just doesn't sit quite right.
It pokes fun at the character in a way that only people who LOVE Batman can.
Fans and families alike should have fun.
Propelled by a hilarious and witty screenplay, the film is an explosion of colourful visuals & high-energy satire, all rolled into a clever superhero spoof. It's inventive, super-fast, highly sophisticated. I want to see it again!
...a fairly misguided endeavor that grates more often than it entertains.
[It] may not quite match the quality of the 2014 film, if only because it has a slight feel of been there, done that. But Arnett, joined by Zach Galifanakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, Ralph Fiennes and more, do achieve something special.
Exists to let the air out of Batman's balloon of pretention real loud and fast, so it makes that awesome flatulent BLAPALAPALAP noise.
Perhaps its only problem is during the final act, which in theory should work better, but lacks emotional strength. But aside from this, it's certainly one of the best Batman movies. [Full review in Spanish]
The Lego Batman Movie doesn't quite live up to its predecessor, but it is legitimately the best DC superhero movie since The Dark Knight Rises .
A dizzying, bouncing batarang of colorful and kaleidoscopic digital animation that lacks the alternate-world Lego-centricity that made the earlier feature distinctive in theme as well as design...
All the good stuff The Lego Batman Movie has, which is a fair amount, still can't make up for its lack of cohesion. The movie is always trying way too hard to be cool and funny, and the result is that it's not particularly either.
Like "The LEGO Movie," this film is exciting, fresh and a pure delight for the whole family.
The LEGO Batman Movie is the best Batman movie of the past five years. (Splice Today)
While it may lack the out-of-nowhere surprise factor of the first film, The LEGO Batman Movie is a more-than-worthy extension of both the LEGO and Batman screen franchises.
Very funny but a little bit all over the place, "The LEGO Batman Movie" is fun for all ages
he result is more fun than Batman's been since Adam West hung up his purple tights. Somewhere, surely, Batman's late creators Bob Kane and Bill Finger are smiling.
If you go to the movie theater without any other pretension than to have a good time this is the most suitable and entertaining option. [Full review in Spanish]
Althought it is a funny movie, it occasionally sounds too desperate to show a irreverence that's not always there. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The lego Batman movie has the infantile, imaginative and fun spirit of its predecessor, but it's also a little crazier. [Full review in Spanish]
the hectic pace and sensory overload feels like a cover-if they throw enough stuff at us, we won't care how much of it doesn't work because we can't keep up anyway
A silly, subversive spin-off, energetically played for laughs.
"The merchandising tie-in we deserve."
The plot is wafer-thin but the jokes fly thick and fast.
Fast, funny and pleasingly drunk on the joys of mockery, this animated superhero spoof takes its not-so-dark knight on a zany adventure that should bring a smile to Adam West's face.
Most of The LEGO Batman Movie's 104 minutes are devoted to action scenes, and audiences are likely to exit the cineplex baffled by their unrelentingly boilerplate quality.
A movie that's like watching a really bright kid playing with the snap-together toys while talking to himself.
McKay and his writers must deeply love Batman to shred him into such entertaining, mostly awesome pieces.
The 'LEGO Movie' spin-off spoofs the ethos and aesthetics of the Bat-films so well, it's hard to imagine taking them seriously again.
I think they should just let Will Arnett play Batman in all of the Batman movies.
Absolutely thoughtful, absolutely fun, absolutely funny.
Lego Batman is crammed full of so many gags, both verbal and visual, you can't possibly catch them all in one viewing.
Funniest Caped Crusader ever!
For a children's movie - one that is essentially about plastic toys pounding each other into the Phantom Zone, which also includes a Z-list villain named Condiment King (he shoots ketchup and mustard out of special guns, duh) - it's pretty terrific!
Killer jokes, stunning animation, Easter eggs aplenty, and then a Lego brick wall. Action movie tedium sets in, accompanied by a noticeable downtick in sight gags.
I think this film will be in the running for the best animated film of 2017, and it might make some top 10 lists for best film overall, too. It is funny, it is clever, and it is emotionally powerful because of its insight into human nature.
On the whole, everything works and although the jokes do go a little bit stale at times and tend to overstay their welcome, the entire effort is still pretty admirable.
The Lego Batman Movie works precisely because it knows audiences are sick of its hero. It's a reassessment, an intervention, an effort to try and remember what's fun about him.
It's easily the best theatrical Batman movie since the Christopher Nolan "The Dark Knight" series.
Bam! Biff!
Regardless of your age, gender, or other defining characteristics, if you are even remotely interested in Batman, you can have a grand old time at this funny, charming picture.
'Lego Batman' manages to exceed expectations and plays amazingly with the concept. [Full review in Spanish]
Subversive, intelligent and very funny, LEGO Batman is a refreshing satire of the Batman story. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a little too long, there is only so much Batman deconstruction anyone can take, but it's star-studded, smart and funny.
The handful of belly laughs and consistent cheerfulness are more than enough to compensate for the addled, overstuffed story.
...this may be one of the very best films based on the DC Comics universe.
A return to the frantic style of 2014's The Lego Movie, it may lack wild inspiration, but its rat-a-tat-tat jokes are consistently worth a smile.
...confirms my contention that Batman is the most compelling of all superhero characters.
It's hard to imagine there will ever be a more cynical film made by a studio with a licensing deal.
Fast, funny, and visually spectacular, it's every bit as good as the original 'Lego Movie.'
It provides solid enough brickwork for a new franchise and there's no denying this Bat is a mighty relief from the Batfleck.
It's a rare thing to see a movie that spoofs all of the others in its genre while beating them at their own game.
The dysfunctional bromance between Batman and the Joker brings a sly irony to a rattling, cacophonous kids' film that has an eye firmly fixed on the fanboy market.
The LEGO Batman Movie uses its lead character's flaws in a way that is sometimes to its own detriment, but regardless of the film's underwhelming nature, it's still entertaining enough to enjoy.
Hilariously deconstructs the Caped Crusader brick by interlocking brick.
Funny, frantic entertainment that zips along for 104 minutes and won't leave you humming some dreadful earworm of a song. No assembly required.
For all of its obvious corporate ties, the film is still pretty entertaining, and has enough genuinely funny moments to propel you along.
It's a lot of fun, with witty animation and a seriously fantastic array of characters that engulf the entire DC universe and every Batman movie ever made, plus superb jabs at Marvel.
The original Lego Movie showed that, if you build it, they will come, and this sequel delivers just as many laughs and moments of pure joy.
The LEGO Batman Movie is pure joy, gut-busting and delightful.
Chris McKay and his team of writers have done a marvellous job at delivering the same zippy energy of a child excitedly playing with their toys in a film that turns the tropes of a romantic comedy into a love story between hero and villain.
As spinoffs go, this one has more than its fair share of super moments, and with so many seemingly sturdy building blocks in place I'm curious to see how the studio will continue to piece these LEGOs together in the future.
Lego Batman proves... Superhero movies can be fun and still give us enough heart and substance to make them worth seeing over and over again.
The sequel of sorts... is not quite as good, but at its best, it has the same whiplash wit and inspired freneticism.
Though it's not as consistently or as unrelentingly hilarious as The LEGO Movie, Chris McKay's comic book spin-off is nevertheless a clever and enjoyable spoof of comic book movies in general, and the Dark Knight in particular.
As action-packed and fun-filled and poignantly themed as one could ask for from a franchise that's grown troublingly dark and ridiculously scripted in its last few outings.
Maybe this is what Zack Snyder's DC Universe needed, a little color, a little zing, a little cleverness, a little humor, and a little heart.
It's the Batman adventure live-action could never deliver, with bright colours and a warm heart. And also Daleks.
This spin-off of 2014's original and, it says here, superior "Lego Movie," features first-film scene-stealer Batman as the centerpiece for about a million and one things swirling around him.
The Lego Batman Movie is simply funny on its own, although it often lends itself to wondering how it's possible that live-action films in the DC universe haven't been able to capture the same energy. [Full review in Spanish]
A story that seeks to highlight the importance of family and solidarity, but quickly crumbles in its attempt to be uplifting and sobering. [Full review in Spanish]
Although the figures are supposed to be made of plastic blocks, in this story there's emotion, heart ... and a lot of referential humor. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a by-the-numbers sequel whose human dimension has disappeared amid the frantic, nonstop action and unimaginative plotting.
A film that finally understands Batman's central dilemma, illuminated by an acidic range of visual saturation and euphoric wit that leaves, with a mocking laughter, the perpetual darkness. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the most entertaining films that we are going to see in 2017, thanks to its frustrating sense of humor and its ability to be a dazzling visual spectacle. [Full review in Spanish]
Although the second Lego movie doesn't deliver the surprisingly deep emotion or high-wire brilliance of the Phil Lord and Chris Miller-directed first -- let alone the relentless earworm "Everything Is Awesome" -- it will do very nicely.
The thing about a sequel or a spinoff, even a mostly fun one like The LEGO Batman Movie, is that it's hard to recreate enthusiasm and inventiveness. What was once new is now, already, routine.
Batman has more flat moments than its predecessor, but when it hits, it's hilarious.
Equal parts a self-aware parody, worthy homage and poignant deconstruction of everyone's favourite gravelly-voiced crime fighter.
A super fun film that actually understands who Batman is. This movie "gets" Batman more than the blockbusters seem to. Take notes, Zack Snyder.
A Batman film with more humanity than the Batman films with actual humans in them.
A lightweight delight that adroitly capitalizes on the absurdities of our superhero-saturated era.
Clever, creative, action-packed adventure/toy ad.
More or less the sort of movie I had originally expected The Lego Movie to be, which is fine, but not very surprising.
As stupid as it sounds but in these tense political times, a little stupid goes a long way.
...a breath of life before the next faux-serious slab of the same-old comes rolling off the DC assembly line.
Overall, The Lego Batman Movie offers enough action and silliness to enthrall children while providing sufficient pop culture and Batman-through-the-years references to keep adults entertained.
The LEGO Batman Movie works as not only a funny riff on the Batman character and his legacy, but also as a great action/comedy on its own terms.
Its quest to be the most overloaded, hyperactive, reference-heavy endeavor of all time goes from amusing to taxing quickly.
If you fondly remember Bat Shark Repellent Spray, have we got a movie for you.
That Arnett is able to make his character's po-faced humor work more often than not is admirable.
'The LEGO Batman Movie' delivers by letting a little light shine into the dark, dark world of the Dark Knight and lets the man in the cowl enjoy a few jokes at his own expense.
The LEGO Batman Movie is self-aware and well-animated, but there's a turn in the story that cheapens the whole thing about halfway through.
This action-comedy hybrid takes full satirical aim at just about all aspects of Batman's personality aspects over the years. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, etc. - also Available)
Under the direction of Robot Chicken's Chris McKay, Arnett relentlessly prods at Batman with a welcome helping of BoJack Horseman-brand misery and narcissism.
The novelty's worn off, and it's kind of a drag at 104 minutes...but it's still amusing.
You could quite easily leave the kids at home.
Basically, it's a standard-issue Batman narrative - arguably better than 50 per cent of history's other Batman films - that just happens to take place in a Lego-fied world.
It's the Bat-spoof we didn't know we needed and it gives Batman a chance to loosen up.
What should have been a delightful romp with Arnett's cleverly, self-styled Batman, an arrogant loner with a uniquely raspy voice, has turned into a too-long and ultimately dull statement on the virtue of friends and family.
This sequel is content to key on a super hero defending his megalopolis against super villains. And that's what makes "The LEGO Batman Movie" a dull sequel for much of the time.
There are, of course, valuable moments, but it's very difficult to disconnect from this oversized celebration of immaturity which reduces everything to the essential conflict of the Instagram era. [Full review in Spanish]
Starts off great with solid humor but somewhere along the line it becomes stale, repetitive and annoying. Batman isn't some emo, wannabe beat boxer who is in love with Barbara Gordon.
It is, ironically, easily the best Batman movie since Tim Burton's masterful 1992 sequel Batman Returns.
It may look like a children's movie, but it feels like it's aimed at Mommy and (more likely) Daddy.
Some knowledge of Bat-lore is advisable, but for lovers of sardonic asides, super-silliness and sock-pow-biff animation, this is guaranteed to lighten up the darkest of knights.
A hyperactive, helter-skelter comedy, it is often very silly and extremely funny. But it loses steam once the convoluted plot takes over and the relentless pace grows exhausting.
There is real warmth that develops in these relationships, with a depth that is balanced by the rapid-fire humor mix.
It's also a totally bonkers Batman yarn, the kind Bats used to have all the time in the Silver Age, back when comics cost a dime and plots followed the dream-logic of a little kid telling a story.
Quite possibly the best Batman movie ever made, if not a close runner-up to "Batman Returns."
Why can't non-Lego movies be as funny, exciting and weirdly moving as this?
It is bloody marvellous.
An animated sendup of comic-book epics that vanquishes solemnity with the power of supersilliness.
Batman desperately needed to loosen up and have a good time, and the film throws a rager of a party around him.
A movie of endlessly hurtling momentum, this is Mad Max: Fury Road for five-year-olds, and not nearly as much fun as snapping those bricks together.
A visual treat that's terrific fun for the whole family... gloriously silly and wildly hysterical, but also unexpectedly faithful and remarkably emotionally perceptive.
The LEGO Batman Movie takes itself and its hero seriously enough that it's one of the better cinematic Batman adventures, without sacrificing an onslaught of pinpoint humor.
A film where the characters have more personality than if they were human actors. [Full review in Spanish]
Might be the closest that the unfolding DC Universe gets to an actually enjoyable film.
The future sure looks bright for the Lego movie franchise. As the Boy Wonder might say: "Holy Sequels, Batman! What next?"
The film goes from Batman's personal aspects to film references and - for an adult audience - multiple references to the current political situation. [Full review in Spanish]
The humor in this film with a narcissistic and superb Batman results in a little more than an ironic copy. [Full review in Spanish]
The LEGO Batman Movie is a really fun roller coaster ride, that's full of non-stop action and laughs by the minute. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not the simplest thing to take a character as embedded in our culture as Batman and make wickedly irreverent fun of him while simultaneously paying tribute to his storied past and keeping him likable for the next round.
If I were Zack Snyder, I'd be ashamed. Since I'm not, I'm amused.
First-time director Chris McKay, late of the Cartoon Network's Robot Chicken, throws at the screen seemingly everything his committee of screenwriters scripted.
The movie slams the comedy pedal to the floor, racing through so many visual and verbal gags that it begs to be watched more than once.
This mini-Dark Knight might not be the Batman we deserve, but he's certainly the one we need right now.
The Lego Batman Movie is OK, but more than its wildly successful predecessor, well short of awesome.
Somehow along the way, it ends up being one of the better Batman movies, whether made of flesh or plastic.
'The LEGO Batman Movie' is a colorful, fast-paced confection that will entertain children and adults. It brings some light to the usually dark DC cinematic universe.
Spinning off "The Lego Movie's" message, that creativity is more important than following rules, "The LEGO Batman Movie" makes super heroes fun again by diving into the toy chest and mixing things up.
Perfect for families, but it almost feels like Batman fanboys are the real target demo here.
Using a pile of little plastic figures to represent franchise superheroes is a preposterous idea to start with, so why not double down and make it extra ridiculous?
It soon becomes apparent that not everything is quite as awesome this time around.
A funny, post-modern riff on the entire canon of big and small screen adaptations of the Caped Crusader.
Many of the rapid-fire quips, references and asides are likely to fly straight over the heads of youngsters in the audience, but any adult with a rudimentary knowledge of Batman should eat it up.
Michael Keaton and Christian Bale are the best. George Clooney and Ben Affleck are among the worst. But Will Arnett is by far the funniest.
It's a story with heart, heady humor and action - parts that snap together, with a satisfying click, like, well, you know what.
With more concentration on the emotional foundation, this could have been a great animated adventure to rival its predecessor, but with a focus that's more on the flashy action, it ends up being a somewhat plodding experience.
After that kick-ass opening, the picture devolves into an action-action-plot-action-plot-action monotone. Where have all the gags gone?
The LEGO Batman Movie avoids the trap of being just another cynical, watered-down retread.
The film itself is a cheery hoot and clever with it. Adults can take the kids, or kids can take the adults.
It manages to be a highly entertaining film despite the shameless LEGO Dimensions sales pitch.
Many films open on a high and drop off, but you'll rarely see a plunge as vertiginous as the one in The Lego Batman Movie.
A geyser of fast-paced inside jokes, meta commentary and rapid-fire satire--the Lego bat is where its at.
In its best moments, this gag-a-minute Bat-roast serves as a reminder that, in the right hands, a sharp comic scalpel can be an instrument of revelation as well as ridicule.
Bat-mythology has rarely been riffed on as comprehensively, or with such goofy randomness.
Retains much of its predecessor's charm, packing in nonstop visual and verbal jokes while telling a simple, fun story with some solid lessons for the family audience.
The LEGO Batman Movie is, without a doubt, the most fun Batman movie ever made.
The Lego Batman Movie gleefully sticks a pin into the self-inflated pomposity of tortured superheroes and overblown superhero flicks and then tops it off with a sublimely ridiculous ending.
The Lego Batman Movie, animated with love and lunacy, is the funniest Caped Crusader movie ever.
Lego Batman is a clear high point for modern movies based on DC Comics, and the rest of Warner Bros.' superhero slate should learn from it.
If the trend of late is to give superheroes more somber cinematic treatments, then The Lego Batman Movie is a reminder that fun need not be traded for po-faced melodrama to come up with something meaningful.
Will Arnett is the greatest Batman ever, and The LEGO Batman Movie may be the greatest Batman movie ever.
Kids will enjoy the vivid colors and clever use of Lego shapes (the characters shake hands by interlocking their pieces), as well as the dialogue, which has the cheery, slapdash feel of having been written by extremely clever 12-year-olds.
As far as commercials go, "The Lego Batman Movie" is just swell.
This is a movie that will be enjoyed heartily and repeatedly. Oh, and you'll be surprised at just how funny watching Batman wait on his microwave is.
If a bunch of 10-year-olds who'd obsessively watched every Batman movie were equipped with a ridiculously excellent, eclectic Lego set, the result might be The Lego Batman Movie.
The movie functions as an affectionate Hollywood house satire of the genre -- one of the most consistently inventive since Airplane!
This Batman is a synthesis who's synthetic three times over, cartoon lore begetting factory-stamped plastic begetting pixels -- the perfect mini-figurehead for a film that's truly post-human
'The Lego Batman Movie' is a well-constructed laugh-fest.
The LEGO Batman Movie is a tremendously witty and self-reflexive affair that probes far more deeply into the Caped Crusader's wounded psyche than most live-action movies.
Visually amazing, has a good dubbing and a humorous spark that Suicide Squad or Captain America: Civil War would have wanted. [Full review in Spanish]
I enjoyed it well enough.
The creators of The Lego Batman Movie could never have anticipated that their manic, animated kids' toy comedy would become the most prescient, overtly political movie of the 21st century so far.
I'll take Lively Plastic Animation over Wooden Live Action any day.
Even though it's squarely targeting kids and the parents who accompany them, Lego Batman serves as a refreshing palate-cleanser after the dour Batman v Superman and the often inchoate Suicide Squad.
The LEGO Batman Movie delivers a deliriously fun ride that likely to stand up surprisingly well amongst the rest of this year's superhero films.
Lego being Lego, the character design and intricate sets are exemplary, laying a firm foundation for a laugh-out-loud script that never stops giving, and a pitch-perfect voice cast in even the smallest roles.
Lego Batman Movie is the fun, exhilarating and irreverent Batman movie we all deserve and need, and there are more than a million reasons why.
Lego Batman, a spin-off for the breakout hero of 2014's The Lego Movie, restores some of this kitsch colour -- and sense of fun -- with initially brilliant results.
The film was clearly built by people who love Batman (and LEGO obviously); the world is so richly filled with nods to his beginnings, his many iterations and the plots of some of his most memorable adventures.
The movie is enough fun that it will be a good one to buy on DVD. That's the only way to enjoy all the jokes and see the massive amount of characters who populate this latest brick-built world from LEGO.
2017 could use a good comedy, and it finally has one, in the form of The LEGO Batman Movie.
This thoughtful, funny deconstruction of comic-book movies is steeped in a deep affection for the genre.
This is a fun Batman movie! Isn't that all you need to know?
The greatest disappointment is how much of the script seems to have been assembled from a kit by someone afraid to deviate from the instructions. In a sequel to The Lego Movie, that's not just a letdown, it's a betrayal.
Almost exactly a year [after Batman v Superman] comes "The Lego Batman Movie," set in a universe where everyone and everything is made of Legos. Guess which movie has more humanity, heart and entertainment value? Clue: It's not the one with an Affleck.
Just as fun and enjoyable as The LEGO movie (2014) and it will make you laugh just as much. [Full review in Spanish]
Though this spinoff has less heart than "The Lego Movie," the nonstop pace and dazzling animation (once again by Animal Logic) should make it a crowd-pleaser.
A highly quotable, visual treat that's packed with in-jokes but is entertaining enough on its own terms to work for fans and non-fans alike. The best Batman film in years.
The Lego Batman Movie is less awesome than its predecessor, but it's a clever, well-paced, self-aware and completely satisfying kind of less awesome.
Maybe all superhero movies should all in Lego. After all, in this universe, Billy Dee Williams still plays Harvey Dent.
A great Batman movie, a great superhero movie, and a gloriously bonkers expression of the sublime silliness of crime fighters in capes, and our love of them.
One leg up that LEGO Batman has on The LEGO Movie is a coherent central message.
Full to bursting with Easter Eggs for longtime Batman fans...Zany, frantically paced, and busy, busy, busy. For some, that...will be a bit exhausting, especially in brain-fatiguing LEGO-construction-block animation.
Everything is still awesome in the irreverent Lego Movie universe!!! All right, maybe not everything. But enough things.
The LEGO Batman Movie is funnier than you might think it has any right to be. But those of us who were expecting something more can't help but feel a twinge of disappointment.
The satire is bitingly funny and clever, the animation is gorgeous, and the whole thing feels like a love letter with a little bit of a bite.
In rampaging through Batman mythologies like a child through a playroom, the movie makes an admirable attempt to reconcile kid-friendly adventures with the character's psychological pain.
The not-so-Dark Knight returns in the joyously bonkers The Lego Batman Movie, and he's not only the hero we need right now but also the one we deserve.
An exhilarating, subversive and hilarious adventure brimming with gleeful zaniness and razor-sharp wit. If you enjoyed The LEGO Movie, you'll enjoy The LEGO Batman Movie even more.
Finally, a Batman who does play around.
What a treat "The LEGO Batman Movie" is. As they say in the first film (except this time for real): Everything is awesome.
The ending isn't quite as metaphysically satisfying as The Lego Movie, but in terms of jokes per minute, this may score even higher.
One of the funniest movies of the year and the most astute mash-up of love letter and take down of a popular culture icon since the brilliant "Galaxy Quest."
Yes, it's a great comedy, but it's a great Batman movie, too.
Director Chris McKay takes the Dark Knight on a riotous, heartfelt new adventure. The LEGO Batman Movie is hilarious. Adults and children alike are going to be rolling in the aisles.
It's conceptually ambitious. It's insatiably energetic. The writing is abuzz with shrewd wit. Best of all, it triumphantly stakes a claim on the legacy of Batman while standing apart as its own singular entity.
A very silly movie that quietly does its bit in setting moral standards for young audiences.
Given the sheer volume of jokes on hand, it's impressive how often LEGO Batman successfully lands its punchlines.
Maybe Warner Bros. should make all their DC movies with Legos?
The inept egomaniac is a time-honoured comedy archetype - think Jack Sparrow, Daffy Duck or Donald Trump - but thanks to razor-sharp writing this Batman is fresh and fun.
A mix of mirth and mayhem so mesmerizing, it's easy to forget you're watching LEGO figures. More fun than a barrel of monkeys, not that anybody still gets a kick out of watching primates at play.
It doesn't clear the bar set by THE LEGO MOVIE, but it's an enjoyable and visually inventive comic adventure.
Will Arnett has somehow become the greatest Batman of all time by simply using his voice.
The greatest tool in The LEGO Batman Movie's utility belt is doing crazy things to Batman's mixed-up legacy.
"The LEGO Batman Movie" takes the best thing about "The LEGO Movie" - Batman! - and makes him America's new action hero. Take that, Vin Diesel!
The film is an unbroken chain of one-liners, sight gags, and pop-culture references, and the hit-to-miss ratio is high.
The Lego Batman Movie's little plastic superhero may be his most human portrayal yet.
Although there is still much to enjoy here, this DC Comics-fueled Lego adventure fails to clear the creative bar so energetically raised by co-directors and writers Phil Lord and Christopher Miller back in 2014.
Your average Pixar comedy thumbs its nose at a great many things, but "The Lego Batman Movie" is a helter-skelter lampoon in the daftly exhilarating spirit of Mad magazine and the "Naked Gun" films.
The LEGO Batman Movie is perfect fun for Batman fans of any age or era.
An hilarious mining of the comic book hero's history.
Bodes very well for the future of the LEGO franchise. It shows that different movies can follow different paths of the same creative spark that made The LEGO Movie special without repeating themselves.
The generic parody movie may be dead in live-action, but the in-universe, studio-approved comedic take is one that still has room to play.
The Lego Batman Movie is screamingly hilarious, ladling pop-culture references and comic-book punchlines with blistering speed and pinpoint accuracy. One joke, involving a pivotal scene from Cameron Crowe's Jerry Maguire, made me cackle until I cried.
Less a sequel to The Lego Movie than a big-screen, family-friendly version of Robot Chicken, The Lego Batman Movie gleefully parodies every mass-media iteration of its hero, from the serials to Super Friends and from Adam West to Ben Affleck.
This is a far more fun and family-friendly superhero universe than what we normally get.
"The Lego Batman Movie" overdoes everything -- its action sequences, its three-jokes-a-minute comedic approach, its sneaky sentimentality. But it boasts enough giddy good humor and manic rambunctiousness to bludgeon the viewer into submission.
LEGO's Batman comedy is at its best when thumbing through a rolodex of obscure franchise references, which will please both Batfans and mainstream audiences alike.
2017's only good story about a self-obsessed cartoon billionaire who gets money from Steve Mnuchin.
Lord knows the superhero genre could use some fun poked at it and we were psyched to see the film, but while there's some fun to be had, it can't help but feel like a missed opportunity.
The LEGO Batman Movie is a fun superhero movie with clever callbacks to previous Batman films that can, at least, provide DC superhero fans with a taste of fun amidst all the doom and gloom.
An entertaining, if frenetic, vehicle for Arnett's Bale-inspired Bats that packs plenty of laughs.
There are around four (great) films' worth of action and jokes here, crammed into a story so streamlined it might have been assembled in the Lockheed wind tunnel.
It doesn't have the heart, the depth or the novelty of the first Lego movie, but it is relentlessly, consistently funny - which excuses everything.
This "block" buster definitely won't disappoint.
With the upcoming Justice League film alluded to, you're left wishing its director Zack Snyder was using Lego bricks and not humans.
If only all films were made out of Lego.
As with the first film, it's the little details and character moments that stay with you.


@highlight

The Lego Batman Movie continues its block-buster franchise's winning streak with another round of dizzyingly funny -- and beautifully animated -- family-friendly mayhem.