As an example of failure, and delusion, it's fascinating but ultimately frustrating.
Even amid the complexity of his vision, there are moments of searing simplicity and emotional speechlessness that even the most hardened loner among us cannot fail to take to heart.
The movie is ungainly, but to appreciate it one has to swallow the whole purple pill. As inconsistent as it is, it's still more album than mix tape.
Brilliantly imagined and perfectly performed, Synecdoche, New York is so heartbroken and strange that it can be compared only to other Charlie Kaufman films.
An important and intriguing film that must be seen to be believed.
The power and tragedy of the love story, or hell, the life story of Caden Cotard will become a part of you, because it is your story, and his story is yours, and back and forth and so on and on because 'everyone's everyone'.
Art is a dream through which some seek to rise above the mundane. "Synecdoche" is the nightmare of succumbing further to the mundane via art. What could be inaccessible is instead gloriously indispensable - a confounding & combative, but great, film.
The line between reality and imagination, possibility and pipe-dream, become immaterial, and the film becomes the overflowing contents of a fertile mind spilled out all across the screen.
His directorial debut is a remarkably deep and rich film, somewhat daunting upon first showing, challenging the audience to take in this complex movie.
Inaccessible and endlessly frustrating, Synecdoche is replete with art-house pomposity and the type of muddled profundity one sees in an introductory philosophy seminar.
Every scene is pitched at the highest level and acted accordingly.
Kaufman, who once dazzled us with his japester's invention, uses those same tools to do something else here. He leaves us reeling.
This is a classic Kaufmanesque work: bold, bizarre and utterly baffling.
This is a movie designed to provoke, entertain and infuriate, that boldly goes into areas where few films from the English-speaking world nowadays dare penetrate.
Synecdoche, New York finally feels bitter, hollow and adolescent: like a gargantuan music video conceived for an emo band with a penchant for Pirandello.
Synecdoche (pronounced Sih-neck-doh-kee, by the way) is beautifully acted throughout, scripted by Kaufman with the same valorous unorthodoxy as his Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and shot with real panache.
Somehow, because it resists unlocking, it feels more serious, troubling, significant. It's as funny as it's depressing. It's as brilliant as it is baffling.
A soul-altering, heart-changing, brain-transplanting masterpiece.
A toweringly ambitious and bafflingly confusing film that gives a glimpse of the daily battles going on in the director's mind.
The film is either a masterpiece or a massively dysfunctional act of self-indulgence and self-laceration. It has brilliance, either way: surreal, utterly distinctive, witty, gloomy in the manner that his fans will recognise and adore.
A difficult, maddening and elusive film that's also intriguing, profound and darkly funny.
For too long Caden (and Kaufman) are raising big issues and only grasping at the edges, which makes the film frustrating to watch.
Like the play within the film, Synecdoche is bravely ambitious, with glimpses of Kaufman's genius. But it's also an indulgent slog that only the most diehard Kaufmanites will happily endure.
It seems churlish to overly criticise. Kaufman's daring, ambition and frequent moments of beauty and sadness are worth the overindulgence.
Awash with ideas, imagination and structural daring, Kaufman's latest is an audacious experiment that repays multiple viewings.
Despite flaws of intellectual hubris, this is no vanity botch-up like Southland Tales. Fairweather fans may flee towards sunnier pictures. But when it's in the zone, it's moving, radical and exhilarating.
His film is about the way life transmutes into art, but the art he creates is so lifeless as to be alienating. It's a piece poking fun at morbid self-indulgence that becomes morbid and self-indulgent itself.
It's a cerebral, smart and downright surreal trip into the far reaches of the mind. I'm still having trouble working out whether it's a work of genius or a self-indulgent pile of guff.
Charlie Kaufman's playfully indulgent brainteaser is intriguing and annoying in equal measure. The cast are great and take it very seriously but while it is a strangely clever film at times, it is never an easy journey..
An epic meditation on the meaning of life that feels like it lasts a lifetime.
The controlled romantic madness of Kaufman's best work becomes a world of symbolic and thematic promiscuity at once lifeless and inchoate. Too many ideas interbreed as wit goes to the wall.
It is not the kind of film you can quickly consume and easily forget; it requires patience and dedication but the rewards are worth it.
Loop-the-looping big themes such as mortality, infidelity and impotence, this is an hilarious, intellectual roller-coaster ride you'll rush to take again.
Astonishing. Kaufman has surpassed himself with a film that will delight and confound. You will want to see it again. And again.
That's not the half of it. Kaufman has one of the busiest minds in movies. He oozes with the kinds of paranoia and invention that used to make Woody Allen funny; but he's crazier.
As a writer, Kaufman has used surrealism to humorously examine humanity. And now as a director he goes even further, creating something that feels like Woody Allen crossed with David Lynch. It's funny and emotional, but also impenetrable.
Watching it, I felt like a cow gazing at a Rubik's Cube. In fact, it's the first movie since Mulholland Dr. to leave me flummoxed.
This is a cup half empty affair and it's too gloomy, despairing and self-indulgent. And unlike Kaufman's other movies, it's not one I'll be going back to in a hurry.
Sprawling and complex, meticulously constructed yet willfully messy, it's the sort of film in which you can find significance in nearly every line without ever really getting any closer to a satisfying explanation of what's going on.
Click for full review
The odd thing about this film is that it's more fun to think about than to actually watch. But you know what? Having thought about it, I actually want to go and see it again.
A haunting meditation on ageing, the purpose of art, and the nature of mortality.
So dense, so complex and so downright puzzling that even Kaufman fans may balk at it.
A nightmare for those who like things served easy -- but if you relish off-the-deep-end bravado, its pleasures are boundless.
Kaufman's directing debut is as intricate and thought provoking as all his writings, an often surreal, sometimes obtuse and occasionally funny work of great complexity. It's a challenge for audiences, who will no doubt divide into heated camps.
Some of it works; much of it does not. In any event, Kaufman fans can be assured there is plenty to talk about as fantasy and reality twirl together in dizzying fashion
O simples fato de Kaufman ter dirigido o filme é o bastante para que o círculo final se feche e complete a estrutura elegante, complexa e estimulante concebida por um dos roteiristas mais fascinantes que Hollywood já produziu.
Starts out in what feels like the real world only to gradually become something that isn't, on the surface, real, but only resonates more strongly in the emotional department as it goes. It's a fantastic accomplishment.
More like an interesting treatment for a movie than an actual movie.
A pretentious, witless disaster that largely wastes a great cast; one of the worst films of 2008
Another love letter to existence from one of, if not the best, screenwriter of the day.
Writer Charlie Kaufman is the pseudo-intellectuals' "intellectual." He's pompous, self-flagellating and pretentious. So they love him. Kaufman makes Sarah Palin seem humble.
This might be the best film of 2008.
I call B.S.
Charlie Kaufman's latest example of screenplay extrapolation begins with an obscure definitional allusion...and ends in some sort of self-referential apocalypse.
It seems more like an illustration of his script than a full-fledged movie, proving how much he needs a Spike Jonze or a Michel Gondry to realize his surrealistic conceits.
...although it has its partisans, this is a bleak and unsatisfying film that has to be considered a failure.
An impossible, bewildering and brave failure of a movie ...
This makes the film interesting in concept but disappointing in execution. And surreal touches added throughout that just do not add up to anything but a film more challenging than rewarding.
You'll walk out of Charlie Kaufman's new movie feeling like a drunk bodybuilder just went bumper bowling with your brain.
While flirting between brilliant and pretentious, Kaufman can't fill the emotional black hole at his movie's core.
To attempt to encapsulate Synecdoche, New York, in a few hundreds words seems a daunting task -- akin, perhaps, to building an entire gymnasium out of wet sand or watching video clips of Ann Coulter without feeling a bit of puke rising up into the
He goes for Fellini's 8 1/2 but comes up 8 short.
Watching the film is also wearying, like assembling a puzzle from a box into which a sadist continually pours new pieces.
It was Charlie Kaufman, at the multiplex, with a mindfrak.
Kaufman has succeeded in portraying an unflinchingly honest and deep examination of the soul of a person without jumping through traditional hoops of this happened here, this happened next.'
Synecdoche, New York is a self-indulgent mope. It's also a work of genius.
A surreal exploration of art, love and death, it has the Fellini-esque feel of some lost European cinematic masterpiece that reaches far past the normal boundaries of drama and into the very essence of existence.
For about two-thirds of its length, this is an extremely funny if extraordinarily dark comedy... But we begin to measure out the time in teaspoons, and the movie becomes banal and morose.
It is a portrait of disappointment and melancholy, tickled by bits of wit, that defies logic and resists description.
A dour, depressing and somewhat cold work.
You could quite possibly be enthralled -- or not.
Life is so complicatedly humiliating, Kaufman insists, and he's right. Too bad his insistence is so simple-mindedly aggrandizing.
Charlie Kaufman's dreary, solipsistic attempt at self-therapy inflicted on an unwary audience.
The directorial debut by esteemed writer Charlie Kaufman demands a lasting impression...
Screenwriter Kaufman's first venture as a director is audacious, ambitious, amazing. It's also intricate, self-referencing, and all-encompassing.
As the movie rambles along with its own brand of quasi-magical surrealism, the links to real experience grow scarcer and more frayed.
The more you ruminate on Synecdoche, New York, the more resonance you find in it.
It's the first Kaufman movie that feels chiefly a work of painstaking self-expression rather than some fiendishly clever experiment in anti-commercial commercial filmmaking.
Though the theme isn't new (Pirandello, Fellini), the fact that Kaufman forgot to give the protagonist any spark of personality whatsoever is rather cutting-edge. Yet exceedingly dull. How ironic.
Kaufman does all he can to throw in enough details to confuse the viewer, to the point of headache-inducing irritation.
It's an utterly brilliant film in that it evokes its intended feelings with apparent effortlessness -- not like a staged, contrived snapshot but like a wholly unique piece of art.
Charlie Kaufman's existential fantasia with the odd name is a weird, tiresome rumination on love, hate and the creative process. Fellini did it far better in '8 1/2' in 1963.
It's a strange trip, to be sure, but a worthwhile one for those willing to take it.
It's really quite brilliant. But it's also so difficult and so emotionally downbeat that it's hard to characterize it as "entertaining."
Brazen and witty and starkly serious...Synecdoche stands in relation to Kaufman's best previous screenplays in the same way that David Lynch's INLAND EMPIRE stood in relation to Mulholland Drive.
I found it bracing, and genuinely in touch with the sweet chaos and ache of life.
Synecdoche, New York is a huge film about puny sentiments, an anti-heroic epic of failure, remorse, alienation, and self-pity. It may not be the best film of the year, but it is very likely to be the most extraordinary.
A benchmark for this moment in time. To not recognize that is a bad mistake, and a terrible shame.
Kaufman's other works at least weaved a thread of hope within all their bends; here, the lack of it is glaring and sinks the viewer's spirit along with the film itself.
If you want a film that is big and true and tough, go see Synecdoche. And then go see it again, because it's so rich with ideas that you can't possibly get them all the first time around.
Relentlessly morose ... this labyrinth of a film is constructed recursively with characters playing other characters ad infinitum, ad nauseam.
Synecdoche is fun to mull over, for a while.
There are a million tiny pleasures in Synecdoche, New York, one of the year's oddest, most ambitious movies.
Synecdoche, New York builds a wall of high concept, so high you can't find the good movie hiding somewhere behind it.
The temptation to be emphatic about Synecdoche, New York is overwhelming but should be resisted, because the movie really is a mixed bag. A particularly odd mix.
While not uniformly successful, and potentially disastrous for some viewers, Synecdoche, New York is dazzling for its ambition and risk-taking.
I was struck by the peculiar magic of this film, even moved by it, once I gave up all attempts to understand it as a straightforward linear narrative.
It's hard to say just what kind of movie Charlie Kaufman's directorial debut is, and by the end of it, his film has made a pretty convincing case that it's pointless to try.
Synecdoche, New York comes as close as any film has to explaining the epic indignity of the creative process, how some great works collapse beneath their own abstraction.
Kaufman has created, what could be his masterpiece, by messing with time and editing in such a way that you are just blown away mentally.
The acting is magnificent, especially Hoffman's anguished, distracted, solipsistic portrayal of Cotard.
Charlie Kaufman's Synecdoche, New York turns out to be just as off-putting and as baffling as its title.
With any impressionist piece of work, your feelings overtake you. I was left with Caden slowly suffocating me with his despair.
The cast of Synecdoche, New York is so pitch-perfect and the concept so original that it could be the best choice for people looking to exercise their brain's this holiday season.
while I am still not certain how it all fits together or what it all means, I can tell you that if you do take a chance and go to see it, it will stick in your brain for a long time to come regardless of whether you love it or hate it.
Have your coffee? Feel like a brain teaser? Well, then, let's give the plot of Charlie Kaufman's directorial debut, Synecdoche, New York a try.
It takes enormous assurance and skill to pull off this kind of meta-story, and Kaufman succeeds; nothing in his direction says 'rookie.'
One of those movies that's full of ideas and sparks lively discussions after the lights come up. Too bad that actually sitting through the thing feels like torture.
Kaufman's directorial debut is a piece of performance art that drips with intangible meaning, but lacks any sort of drive that compels the viewer to invest in this punishing two hours of furious artistic masturbation.
This is a film with the richness of great fiction.
It's all crazy enough to work for a while, but the 124 long minutes don't pass soon enough.
Mr. Hoffman is emerging as one of our greatest actors, and he alone makes this film worth seeing.
Engagingly surreal, if utterly impenetrable drama from Charlie Kaufman that is challenging, maddening, laugh out loud funny and deeply moving, all at the same time.
This film never sings, exactly, but it moves, and it does so bearing a great sadness.
A great big incomprehensible phantasmagoria. I'm all for 'personal' movies, but this one's private.
Kaufman's gift is finding humanity in flotsam, something he does well but hasn't done this beautifully since Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
If you want to show a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, go right ahead, but give that hour all the life you can.
in this portrait of an artist as an old man in decline, no amount of reproduction, trickery or fantasy can or ever will suffice to deflect the inevitable end.
Much like protagonists in previous Charlie Kaufman scripts, Caden is an artist in search of his art.
Kaufman comes closer to creating a kind of cinematic magic realism than any American director has done in living memory. And it's only his first film.
It's not so much that his film defies description as that none could adequately prepare you for the experience of watching it. Kaufman's existential musings are sometimes self-indulgent, but they are also heartfelt and wickedly funny.
Whatever work it takes to unpack the film's levels upon levels of meaning, it's not worth it... Unremittingly grim, without any spark of life.
With Synecdoche, New York, the scribe at last adds the job of director to his resume, finally giving us a glimpse of what a pure, unfiltered Charlie Kaufman film looks like. The result is truly something to behold.
As with nearly all the films Kaufman wrote before this one ... Synecdoche, New York is one heck of a head-trip.
...a picture that is (a) brilliant, in scattered parts, but also (b) a reminder that virtually every writer needs an editor.
Evident passion and a tremendous amount of thought went into Synecdoche.
[A] sprawling, awe-inspiring, heartbreaking, frustrating, hard-to-follow and achingly, achingly sad movie.
As is typical of Kaufman, whether this surrealist, time-skipping noodler is successful depends on what you want to see.
It's the first movie this year that demands at least two viewings to absorb its densely textured humor, which makes earlier Kaufman works such as Adaptation and Being John Malkovich look positively straightforward.
Synecdoche, New York strives to be a work of greatness. But Kaufman's overarching vision is a lot less interesting than the small insights he gathers along the way.
The prospect of Kaufman's directorial debut was really exciting -- which makes the lugubrious result that much more disappointing.
sets out to encompass all of what makes us human but only finds room for what makes us unhappy.
A burning, smoking house that people mindlessly inhabit in Synecdoche, New York is an apt metaphor for what is wrong with this confounding, massively ambitious film.
When I say Charlie Kaufman should be put on suicide watch, I'm not being facetious.
A brilliant, gut-wrenching plunge into the painful work of facing the decisions we make and choosing to either continue onward, or live in regret.
Undeniably brilliant at times, Synecdoche, New York is also incredibly dense.
The most ambitious, challenging, frustrating and thrilling American movie since I'm Not There - maybe since Mulholland Drive.
To say that Charlie Kaufman's Synecdoche, New York is one of the best films of the year is such a pathetic response to its soaring ambition that I might as well pack it in right now.
Nearly a month after watching Charlie Kaufman's directorial debut... I'm still figuring out whether it was a brilliant idea poorly executed or a poor idea brilliantly executed.
It's an odd film, but an unquestionably bold and moving one all the same, and the fact that you can go out to a theatre, buy a ticket, and see it is a bit of a miracle in and of itself.
It's an intricate piece to the puzzle of self-examination that began in Adaptation and continues into one of the most challenging, exasperating and beautiful works to hit theaters since probably Eternal Sunshine.
...though the headless chickens dance.
Some will call this art. I'll content myself with thinking of it as an ambitious misstep by a creative individual who failed to realize what he was trying to represent.
The screenwriter who comments upon the human condition through staged recreations, be it from John Malkovich's brain or the sets of "Eternal Sunshine," has delivered his most affecting work with this flawedmasterpiece.
Essentially multiplies Adaptation by an exponential factor and thus grows into a snarling, ungainly beast of self-reflexive absurdities.
The picture, just about as surreal as David Lynch on his quirkiest day, is at once staggering, baffling, morose, frightening, hilarious, continuously inventive, and unspeakably touching.
An intense and creative dramatization of the midlife crisis of a theater director whose fear of death and physical deterioration compels him into a mammoth project to give his life meaning.
Synecdoche is impeccably acted, inventively designed, sometimes laugh-out-loud funny, and often devastatingly sad.
You can't help but think this must be what it looks like when your life flashes before your eyes.
Kaufman is full of ideas but doesn't know when to quit.
It's that rare bird in our debased pop culture that gives you something to chew on when you leave the theater besides where to go for dinner.
Like most of Kaufman's work as a writer, Synecdoche, New York is a head trip that time and again returns to a place of real human emotion.
For a film that desperately wants us to empathize with its main character's plight, Kaufman's inability to reconcile his overambitious gimmickry with the story's emotional demands is a fatal flaw.
Pretentiously convoluted...in the case of Synecdoche, New York--to garble Plato's version of Socrates--the examined life is not worth watching.
A lot of thought may have gone into constructing this intricate, remotely clever, but ultimately dour and depressing, directorial debut from Charlie Kaufman, but it probably wasn't worth the effort.
Kaufman's meta-meta mind-boggler is, ultimately, far more heady and haunting than maddeningly egocentric.
Pity those nerds and fashion-sheep who'll waste time trying to connect Kaufman's symbols, cite the many David Lynch references and puzzle for ways to use 'synecdoche' in daily conversation.
I gave up making heads or tails of Synecdoche, New York, but I did get one message: The compulsion to stand outside of one's life and observe it to this degree isn't the mechanism of art -- it's the structure of psychosis.
No matter how bad you think the worst movie ever made ever was, you have not seen Synecdoche, New York. It sinks to the ultimate bottom of the landfill, and the smell threatens to linger from here to infinity.
It's the best American film of 2008 to date, and probably of 2007 and 2006 as well.
It's heartbreaking how rich this failed project is, with enough poetry for several great movies, but not enough push for one.
The artistic psyche has never been more joylessly explored than in Synecdoche, New York, the gallingly undisciplined directorial debut of revered screenwriter Charlie Kaufman.
As the external reality disappears, so does the viewer's reason to care.
Kaufman directs this sprawl of ideas, twisted chronologies and bitter regrets with a tightly disciplined control of the material.
A sprawling, messy work of inspired brilliance and real humanity, a film that enthralls and affects even as it infuriates and confounds.
The film has a deeply affecting aura of true melancholy.
The truly committed will find something redeeming in this jumble, but the payoff isn't really worth the slog of getting there.
If you share a taste for Kaufman's bizarre formulation of human and theatrical experience you'll appreciate his mixture of illusion with failure, the unkept promise of genius, the residue of defeat, disappointment and melancholy.
If Kaufman, like his protagonist, can't satisfactorily realize his masterpiece, it's not due to a lack of effort.
Even critics of this surreal postmodern narrative will acknowledge the rich female roles played by the best actresses today: Catherine Keener, Emily Watson, Dianne Wiest, Michelle Williams, Hope Davis, Samantha Morton, Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Kaufman's high concept narrative is an evocative and empathic way of looking at the inevitability of death, and features a concentrated use of great female actors of our era.
Kaufman's venturesome dramaturgy and compelling writing scene-by-scene are enough to keep one's curiosity piqued.













@highlight

Charlie Kaufman's ambitious directorial debut occasionally strains to connect, but ultimately provides fascinating insight into a writer's mind.