It's an intelligent and thought-provoking romantic comedy.
Its otherwise straightforward narrative does what it can to revive the corpse of grown-up romance, with just enough surrealism to save the film from its more serious impulses.
Valiant effort, but someone should have begged for a rewrite.
A small film about a high school teacher in an elite Manhattan prep school, but it's filled with large doses of wit and insight.
The Treatment finds its agreeable pace. We've heard this particular story before, but it holds up to a skilled retelling.
Oren Rudavsky's adaptation of Daniel Menaker's novel is a quietly enjoyable romantic comedy for adults who like to see characters acting like adults.
This film is so much more believable, amusing and entertaining than the crap we had to listen to in 'Knocked Up'.
--- cerebral, intelligently written and well acted adult fare ---
Chris Eigeman finally gets to show his range in this romantic comedy.
A smart, tender love story.
Janssen is an intense screen presence. Too often she's stuck playing humorless towering antagonists. Here, happily, she's allowed to be a real person.
Eigeman has been in training for this kind of thing for years, but the pleasant surprise is Janssen, who shows a gift for clever dialogue. This is light fare, but it's smart, enjoyable light fare.
The three main performances are what carry the film
...our emotional involvement remains superficial, and we never get that sense of uplift that Allen's better romantic city tales have given us.
Who wants to behave well in bed?
Considering the furious pace at which Allen himself cranks out second-rate comedies these days, why bother with a limp imitation?
Having an affair of the heart...and mind.
Treatment has small intentions, but its friendliness and caution with melodrama makes it a swell change of pace from other neurotic essays on self-absorption.
The Treatment is richest when it zooms in on the testy co-dependence between analyst and analysand. It's high time for a comedy about the decline and fall of traditional psychoanalysis.
The Treatment feels too much like an indulgence.
...a decent piece of romantic storytelling, acting and location...
The guy we need to love and respect and give our sypathies to -- the center of the untherapeutic little comedy/drama -- isn't in this movie.
The smart screenplay and the terrific performances more than compensate for the lack of freshness.
...a slight if enjoyable film whose Freudian theme feels tacked onto the film rather than grounding it...Eigeman gives such an engaging performance, however, that he reminds us how much we didn't know we've missed him.
The filmmaking is rudimentary in The Treatment, Oren Rudavsky's adaptation of Daniel Menaker's novel, but the feeling for the patient-and-shrink dynamic is authentic. And Holm makes a colorful Freudian who may be more fantasy than real.
The Treatment, a wan effort at Annie Hall-style comedy, has about as much Manhattan sophistication as a gas station in Chippewa Falls, Wis.
Should find even more interest among indie fans who embrace solid entertainment and terrific work and value sophistication over silliness.
The Treatment is a movie with its heart and head in the right place. Too bad its aesthetic sensibilities and technical coordinates are not as well situated.
Funny and biting, The Treatment works, at least, as a drama with clever romantic comedy elements.
The film works familiar territory -- the romantic lives of neurotic well-educated New Yorkers -- yet never feels stale.
A pleasant breeze that refreshes, mostly because it's a rare, thoughtful comedy clearly intended for grown-ups.
An offbeat and slightly passé take on the mental health profession along with romantic-comedy filler that lacks whimsy.
An accessible piece of entertainment that you don't need to shut your brain off to enjoy.
An odd, funny film.
Oren Rudavsky's The Treatment features a gifted acting ensemble down to the smallest parts, a good mix of whimsy and intelligent discourse, with just a touch of fantasy that never engulfs the narrative.
An engaging romantic drama about an emotionally stunted teacher who falls in love and attempts to open his heart to the challenges of an intimate relationship.
This offbeat charmer succumbs to the same airless artificiality that has claimed many recent efforts in the genre.
Short, sweet, and hardly ever cloying, The Treatment is largely dependent for its success on the quality of its performances.
The Treatment is not without its flaws but its sterling cast makes it a real joy to watch.
While it has an understated poise, the film's portrait of inner male turmoil isn't particularly unique or profound.


@highlight

A comedy for grown-ups, The Treatment overcomes some technical lapses by virtue of a sharp cast.