Do not miss it. [Full review in Spanish]
I understand the film, but I didn't like it because it felt like a snow job to me, a recruitment movie.
'U.S. Navy SEALS in combat are far more than anything Hollywood could ever write,' said co-director Mike McCoy. The real SEALS in 'Act of Valor' demonstrate this to be true.
"Act of Valor" plays out like an extended recruitment commercial.
Act of Valor is a love letter to servicemen but it's also a disjointed mishmash of slick combat sequences paired with awkward performances and a generic storyline.
The SEALs should stick to saving the world, and the movie makers should look at the differences between a movie and a recruitment video.
Although likely to delight patriotic American audiences, it will leave everyone else indifferent.
Would be nothing worth writing about, or even making, without the novelty of seeing some of America's greatest heroes in action.
It's very much a conventional thrill-ride action movie, though the claims to realism are undercut by too many video-game point-of-view shots as the soldiers engage the enemy.
May have you longing for an old-fashioned era of 'square' propaganda, when it wouldn't have been considered a cool recruitment strategy to acknowledge that U.S. troops use constant profanity and splatter opponents' brains against the wall.
Made me yearn for the nuanced screenwriting of Battleship, the moderate politics of Transformers 3 and the versatility and range of Sam Worthington and Taylor Kitsch.
Not so much a war movie as a tribute to the Commandos known as the SEALs, and to their bonds forged in battle, it's a sombre affair, immersing us in the culture of these specially trained soldiers. Indeed, the cast are made up of genuine SEAL team members
If you like Act of Valor you may as well abandon drama for porn, because you don't like how the sex scenes feel fake.
Since when did 'having the uniform at home' qualify as the only pre-requisite for someone's employment? If that has indeed become the case, you can look forward to my imminent casting in Easter Bunny: Origins.
Directors Waugh and McCoy have obviously been to the Tony Scott school of sunset cinematography. Every other frame of this dawning drama has helicopters, surfboards, speedboats and submarines emblazoned with sparkling twilight.
Act of Valour might work as a recruiting poster for impressionable teenagers, but those who bravely serve in the armed forces deserve a better tribute that the naïve, sub-Team America nonsense served up here.
I guess they had to be realistic in order to make up for the dialogue, the acting, the special effects, the mawkishness, the closeted homoeroticism, the jingoism...
A movie so hawkish and gung-ho that it makes John Wayne's The Green Berets look unpatriotic and Top Gun seem positively pinko.
A distasteful and foolish film, a recruiting poster that might well carry the slogan "Join the Navy, Travel the World and Kill People".
It's a furiously macho saga scripted by the screenwriter of 300 and starring real Navy SEALS, those always-get-their-man men of mystery.
Without the skills of some big-name actors, the type whose magnetism has drawn generations of cinema-goers into cinemas, it's all curiously empty and uninvolving.
Act of Valour is a dud.
Act Of Valor essentially marries platitude with attitude, veering from the realms of wholesome all-American family life to bullets-raging battle scenes.
It's like the game Call Of Duty, with worse acting and writing.
In the 1980s, Top Gun reportedly sent young men rushing to join the military; this hilariously bad film is going to get them clamouring to join the Jon Stewart Appreciation Society.
One can forgive the political simplicity and stilted performances, much less excusable is the unexciting plot, run-of-the-mill action and non-existent characterization.
The film is almost unashamedly a recruitment video for future Seals, but let's hope possession of a PlayStation 3 doesn't become the sole condition for enrolling.
Operates on more levels than Call of Combat IV: Jihadi Headshot, all of them despair-inducing.
If you're a military-hardware junkie or an obsessive player of video war games, this is the movie for you, because Act of Valor is nothing less than a ramped-up, live-action version of Call of Duty.
'Act of Valor' reeks of military-sanctioned exploitation drama aimed solely at the 'Call of Duty' set.
The action scenes are genuinely exciting and the film will play well to its target audience, even if the gung ho jingoism may prove too much for some tastes.
With philosophy in its heart and shrapnel in its head, it's like being battered with a Kevlar-backed Dictionary of Pentagon Propaganda.
Another reason to avoid films endorsed by the US military, this is sub-propaganda tosh that inadvertently plays like Hot Shots: Part Trois.
The battles have a tough documentary realism to them ...
On the positive side, many of the explosions and stunts are technical marvels. If the scenes had been more tightly and coherently written, at least action fans would have something to crow about. As it stands, "Act of Valor," is a failed mission.
Good intention or interesting ideas do not necessarily make for a well made, let alone even moderately entertaining, motion picture.
If the bad guys are overdrawn and cartoonish, the good guys are pretty much unknowable except as emblems.
If the politics are simplistic - think Team America - the performances (by real, anonymous SEALs) are even more so.
The humanizing of the SEALs might have worked if the dialogue credited to Johnstad felt a little less stilted and if some of the SEALs had a little more seasoning in front of the camera.
a meaningful tribute to soldiers and their sacrifices that also doubles as a genuinely entertaining adventure.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Call of Duty: The Movie
They tried this sort of thing once before in the '80s and ended up not getting much out of it but fodder for a Kevin Smith joke. Sometimes everything old does become new again. Sometimes, like Act of Valor it just stays old. And stale.
Simplistic Valor lacks the courage to face reality.
The filmmakers shoot and edit with such incoherence that the action will frustrate even fans of the video games they emulate.
Like many a mission, I'm sure, Act of Valor sounds better on paper than it plays on film.
These guys are convincing enough when they're within their element, but woefully lack the acting chops when it comes to quieter, character-driven moments away from the action.
This is nothing more than a low budget action film with lots of noise and lots of bullets. The Seals deserve better.
You may be impressed with the action scenes, but you may also find yourself wishing they were part of a movie about which you actually cared about what was going on.
A gung-ho patriotic film featuring performances and actions by real Navy SEALs
Having real-life Navy SEALs play fictional versions of themselves results in some convincing action scenes, and dialogue more wooden than a dime store Indian.
Action movies are too good at what they do for reality to compete... It's frankly a waste of the SEALs' time to use them for something as derivative and brainless as this.
A documentary OR an action/drama honoring the missions of our Navy SEALs could have been good. But instead of OR, they tried AND. It fails.
Fighting is a learned skill; so is acting. And the SEAL stars are plausible only when on maneuvers - performing as their own stunt doubles.
...an unprecedented look into the lives, both in uniform and out, of the bravest of the brave.
Great action and intriguing filmmaking afford a real peek at our men of valor.
Seriously authentic yet fragmented, it's never clear whether it's recruitment propaganda or a ponderous, vaguely comprehensible documentary.
So is it great filmmaking? No. Is it effectively and even beautifully shot action with an eye for authentic detail? Yes.
When the bullets are flying, Act of Valor is undeniably tense and thrilling.
I don't know what to make of Act of Valor. It's like reviewing a recruiting poster.
If you expect them to act and banter like the marines from Aliens, you're gonna be disappointed. But that's not what the film promised, nor what I showed up for.
When boots are on the ground and the SEALs are in mission mode, it's really quite fascinating.
The special ops missions are pretty amazing, but the SEALS as dramatic characters are under-developed.
At the end of the day, this is a long-winded SEALs recruitment tool, a noble gesture that's just not sufficient basis for a feature film.
These are the dudes who killed Bin Laden and take down Somali pirates for breakfast, so to see the real guys in action, even in a movie as ridiculous as this, is a sight to behold.
Recruitment videos are designed to be simplistic, one-sided and artless, but that approach is a failure when expanded into a narrative feature.
Through the use of active duty Navy SEALS, live ammo and helmet cameras, Act of Valor produces insanely realistic action. Just don't go in expecting good acting from the SEALS.
One wonders how the movie might have played as pure, unceasing battle scenes, allowing the combat to define the characters; with real soldiers doing the onscreen fighting, something special may well have emerged.
Viewers with little appetite for thrill-of-the-kill war games may just decide to let this macho military parade march on by.
Like all advertisements, this scripted movie is a perfect fantasy: expertly coordinated, simplistic (the bad guys like yachts and bikini girls while our heroes have loving families) and more than a little scary.
The bad guys, who specialize in funny beards, funny accents, and shaved heads, would feel right at home in an Austin Powers movie.
As a piece of filmed entertainment, "Act of Valor" will never be mistaken for "Top Gun," but it's a heck of a recruitment video.
What is it? Docu-drama? Re-enactment? Recruiting film? Yes. Along with several pulsating action scenes.
In their defense, no actor could have made Act of Valor's flat, clunky screenplay sound good.
A Navy recruitment poster riding a wave of well-deserved Navy SEAL enthusiasm, 'Act of Valor' arrives disguised as a feature film.
"Act of Valor" smartly refrains from jingoistic flag waving. What it does is spotlight the quiet heroism of the men - and women - who fight and die to keep this country and us safe.
If you walk in knowing nothing of its origins/production story, it just seems like a throwbacky B-movie action junker.
These guys ... are the real deal. And any hero worship given them - badly done or not - is still deserved.
Moments before and between the missions plays like stilted filler cable TV programming, but once our heroes step onto that helicopter or sea vessel, Act of Valor puts the audience into the boots and under the helmets of these elite fighters.
Act of Valor may accurately present how modern warfare is fought, but doesn't even begin to scratch the surface of why.
What makes the movie a good one is the non-actor SEALs.
There's not much of a film here to critique. It's really not as the commercials and trailers promise, a deeply authentic look at what real Navy SEALs go through in the field (Content Review for Parents also available)
The Navy SEALs deserve better.
A mechanically efficient yet soulless dramatization of the U.S. Navy SEALs in action.
For action fans, the film delivers action. Beyond that, not so much.
Worth watching for the heavy doses of authentic SEAL action- but keep in mind that this is still propaganda.
Although the Seals continue in fine form, the co-directors seem fatigued from the journey, allowing their once-clean style to degenerate into a typical mishmash of clutter and bombast.
While subtleties and pacing are MIA, the filmmakers know how to shoot action and they make the most of it in Act of Valor.
The movie doesn't pretend to be anything but propaganda, a modern-day cousin to the morale-boosting documentaries made by John Huston and Frank Capra during World War II.
The biggest thrills in this film come not from the shoot-outs but from seeing real-life commitment, courage, and what valor truly means.
Act of Valor is a movie that involves the same sort of action/adventure you'd anticipate at any pro-Armed Forces film. It's all upside.
Refreshing as it is to see the military portrayed as something other than a band of neurotics and creeps, there's a reason this brand of rah-rah and bang-bang didn't outlast the age of Whitesnake and Marty McFly.
When you boil it down, Act of Valor is the worst of both worlds: a bad screenplay performed by non-actors.
It's the closest you can come to experiencing a military mission from the perspective of a Navy SEAL without actually enlisting.
What we have here is a generic action movie with nary but the smallest traces of genuine humanity, technical proficiency, clear storytelling, or stylistic competence.
The exercises are genuine, and so is the hardware. But the script undermines the sense of authenticity at every turn.
Needs more Tugg Speedman. . .
There's a reason why old-fashioned, morale-boosting Hollywood war films were populated by trained actors. They can act.
One puppet Matt Damon cameo away from a Team America: World Police sequel.
Just barely a movie, "Act of Valor" is more like a high-quality recruitment video with interstitial acting.
The word "propaganda" is a semantic sand trap -deriving meaning as much from our various personal convictions as its literal definition. Instead, I felt like "Act of Valor" was a procedural - a frequently engrossing, recurrently flawed procedural.
Employing Navy troops as stars is a clever idea for an action thriller. But the soldiers' awkward line readings are glaring enough to distract from the potency of the story.
The filmmakers are so intent on shooting the real SEAL deal that they forget this is supposed to be a movie: We need a story.
Cliche-ridden...as a film rather than an encomium, it leaves much to be desired.
Unsurprisingly, the finished product plays like a pumped-up recruitment commercial deemed fit for feature length and multiplex viewing.
The merging of dramatic re-creations and on-camera "performances" proves less seamlessly executed than those masterfully coordinated land, sea and air missions.
I think these real-life action heroes deserve a better movie. So does the audience.
[Its] commitment to authenticity is impressive, but it ends up highlighting the film's greatest weakness - a cliché-riddled script with a plot that may have been generated by someone throwing darts at a world map.
While the action is always crisp and to the point, the rest of the storytelling and the acting that goes along with it are pro forma at best.
"Act of Valor'' is a roller-coaster ride.
You know who you're supposed to be rooting for because they're the ones wearing uniforms, but it's easy to lose touch with why.
Well, it finally happened. The line separating America from America: The Movie found a way to arrange itself into a stick figure and walk off the scene in disgust.
If all you care about is bang-bang, then "Act of Valor" should satisfy you. But if all you care about is bang-bang, then you're invalidating the very reason the actual SEALS appear in this film...
either the most interesting unsuccessful experiment in the history of movies or the most true to life action film ever conceived
[It] raises a sticky question: Should realistic combat look this awesome? Should it be so much fun to watch?
Navy SEALs span the globe fighting a terrorist plot. Ugly action outing notable for the gimmick of using real-life soldiers in the leads.
Act of Valor will likely earn high praise from combat veterans and their families, the way movies like Fireproof and Seven Days in Utopia resonate with Christians. Civilians, movie critics and certainly pacifists won't be nearly as impressed.
An experience that is brutal, tense and exhilarating.
While the intentions behind "Act of Valor" are sterling, the story could have been told better. One wishes the filmmakers had trusted it to professional actors, who might have more fully realized the material.
Act of Valor is designed to... fill your heart with patriotic respect ... and completely shut off any part of your brain that may dare to ask bigger questions about what you're watching and why.
"Act of Valor" looks a good deal like a war-themed video game such as "Call of Duty," except even less realistic because the good guys never miss a shot and the bad guys never make one.
A big-screen recruitment film infused with a hero worship SEALs typically shun.
"Act of Valor" is a competently directed action movie, but forcing the audience to wear such narrow goggles is a dereliction of duty.
Offensively artificial ... Eat your heart out, Van Damme.
The befuddled SEAL may not understand why they hate us, but the attitudes perpetuated by Act of Valor might begin to provide a clue.
It's like watching The Expendables, without all the plastic surgery...At least it's not in 3D.
Battle scenes are very well-staged, with things blowing up really, really good a lot of the time.
"Act of Valor" plays like a highly favorable SEALs tribute placed atop a vaguely bogus storyline.
It's thin material, to say the least, and manipulative to boot, putting women, children, and a SEAL father-to-be in jeopardy in ways more about servicing cheap thrills than any larger point about the perilous state of the world in 2012.
We don't get to know the characters as individuals, they don't have personality traits, they have no back stories, they don't speak in colorful dialogue, and after the movie you'd find yourself describing events but not people.
It's a Cannon movie from 1985, and not one of the good ones with Mickey Rourke or Charles Bronson but one of the supercrappy ones with Michael Dudikoff.
This is a videogame with killer effects on automatic play, not a solid feature.
If you begin with the dismissive claim that we will experience what the film industry can't do, you'd better be ready to show it and prove it.
Despite the hype and claim to "realness," this is a disappointingly messy and disjointed action war picture.
There's something old-fashioned and a little refreshing about a movie that unabashedly represents its protagonists as heroes, but it gets in the way of seeing the SEALs in Act of Valor as real people.
A well captured but dramatically inert film that, in its square-jawed jingoism and tidy, action-oriented conflict resolution, is the most expensive and exclusively sourced military recruitment video to date.
The villains come across as individuals rather more compellingly than do the film's ostensible heroes, mostly mouthpieces for warrior credo recited in voiceover.

@highlight

It's undeniably reverent of the real-life heroes in its cast, but Act of Valor lets them down with a clichéd script, stilted acting, and a jingoistic attitude that ignores the complexities of war.