At turns bold, brash, vulnerable, and heartbreakingly honest, these veterans of the concrete jungle trust and confide in the camera in ways that few interview subjects are brave enough to attempt.
The film struggles to sustain its length, too, but there is much to enjoy.
Veering away from these women's style-philosophies, witticisms, families, health concerns, or their pasts, the doc becomes promotional and proselytizing. Personalities get camera-brushed into commercial gloss, a simplistic patina of fashionability.
A highly enjoyable glance at Gotham's veteran haute couturists.
Docu about senior fashionistas promotes positive body images.
They reject the youth-culture diktat that age makes you invisible, and offer us all an example of self-acceptance.
It's an invitation to enjoy the company of some well-frocked grand dames. Sound frivolous? It is. Unashamedly.
"Advanced Style" is as vivacious as the personalities it spotlights. Cohen's mission to show a different side of old age is certainly accomplished.
Let us exalt ladies like Zelda Kaplan, Ilona Royce Smithkin, Lynn Dell, Tziporah Salamon, Debra Rapoport, Joyce Carpati and Jacquie Tajah Murdock and be thankful for such joie de vivre so well-vivred.
"Advanced Style" is appropriately fun, frivolous and baroquely ornamented by its subjects who sing, perform, model and occasionally sound like teenagers, while dressing a lot better.
The way the women occupy Cohen and Plioplyte's spotlight is a lesson in aging well, a lesson that begins with the refusal to play by the rule that says to grow older, especially for women, is to fade into the shadows.
There are several candidates for the title of Most Ebullient but the clear winner is Lynn Dell Cohen, 81, the self-described Countess of Glamour.
Witty one-liners flow freely from the film's subjects, in keeping with the celebratory spirit of the documentary.
These women are living life to the fullest - and they are inviting us to do the same.
These women clearly get a kick out of flouting convention and there is something admirable in their spirit of defiance, but the doc is average TV at best.
Inspired by Ari Seth Cohen's blog by the same name, "Advanced Style" is a love letter to older women who've elevated dressing to an art form.
These sisters of a certain age are strictly doing it for themselves. Long may they go on doing so.
There are so many questions raised, but not explored, by this material.
I think the women are extraordinary.
What is remarkable about these women is their zest for life.
The pace is too quick for any of the subjects to leave a strong impression, but it's clear they all share a great lust for life
The best antidote around to America's unhealthy obsession with youth!
"Advanced Style" is undeniably captivating, even uplifting at times.
There's not much here beyond sass, but it is a genuine pleasure to spend time with women who are growing, changing, and living into their 70s, 80s, and 90s.
The radiant personalities of the women, and their penchant for giving new life to old platitudes, allow Advanced Style to get by without much of a narrative trajectory or shape of any kind.
Ultimately, Advanced Style presents these women not as objects of curiosity, but as what they truly are: role models.
Putting on the glitz as the elixir of life
Although the doc doesn't dig very deep, it allows plenty of space for each of its divas to flaunt their unique style, which ranges from classic elegance to colourful adventure.
Fashion docs are often shallow in the extreme but this one is as much about fighting back against the ravages of time as it is about air kissing -- and is all the stronger as a result.
The same punters who kept returning to see Bill Cunningham New York will find much to savour.
Advanced Style celebrates the glamour and vitality of sassy New Yorkers who still cut a dash in the autumn of their years.
Advanced Style is a diverting, if slight piece that doesn't reach too far outside its own world: a New York fashion movie about a New York fashion blog.
Time withers the film a bit, even at a modest but repetitive 75 minutes. It's still a bold bid to give senior-citizen fashion passion its moment in the spotlight.
Sweet, funny and very, very New York.
Advanced Style is a fun and sunny documentary about fashion mavens in their golden years, proving, as always, that age ain't nothing but a number.

@highlight

Colorful, witty, and uplifting, Advanced Style celebrates life and pays tribute to those who flout convention.