Wallace and Gromit, the clever dog and his master Inventor, are great homages to the genres of Hollywood and parodies of the traditions of horror cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
There are precious few films you can take your children in which everyone, largish and smallish can feel entertained but not condescended to.
The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
A dry yet whimsical touch, specifically British and also aware of cinematic tradition
This is a kids film everyone can enjoy,
It's not as good as the Oscar-winning shorts The Wrong Trousers and A Close Shave, but it is good.
The final work justifies every meticulous, monastic, masochistic effort.
Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichÃ (C)s.
Without question, both the best non live-action film and best family film since last year's The Incredibles.
Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co. fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
Translates quite well into a feature length pic.
Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
click to read review [Greek]
The finished article is so CGI-like that you wonder whether all that organic stop-frame stuff was necessary. Sorry, chaps.
It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
The comedy is never indulged at the expense of the plot, which flies off in genuinely unexpected directions, culminating in a boundlessly inventive funfair chase sequence.
I don't see how anyone who enjoys their animated movies won't enjoy all of this one.
Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something. He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
An unqualified success.
The family comedy is an all-around winner, blowing every other animated picture this year so far out of the water they're all stuck somewhere up in the upper atmosphere unable to get back down.
Despite its vocal distractions, this clay-animation comedy adventure managed to dazzle me with its sheer audacity and inventiveness.
This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
...the humor is all of a piece with [Park's] earlier work, dense with background jokes
Superb craftsmanship.
Giggle inducing with a few truly high quality guffaws. In terms of silly joy, it's hard to beat.
The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny. This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
[Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
An Oscar-winning comedy duo finally debuts in a feature film, and it's just as harebrained as you'd expec
It's fun, but it's too busy, too eager to amaze ... [unlike] Pixar's films, which are supported by patient character development and storytelling that moves us.
A delight from first frame to last.
A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids! Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
Wallace & Gromit fans will shout hurrah and call for more cheese, at this endearing first feature-length cartoon of their adventures.
A complaint from the United Translators Front against this film's screenwriters is likely, for setting them an impossible task for all the foreign versions.
It doesn't feel produced; it feels made.
It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
Aardman is as homespun as Pixar is high tech, but both animation studios recognize the importance of a good story
The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
If the length inevitably dilutes some of the concentrated power and energy of the shorts, it offers compensation, in terms of extra time spent with characters we all love.
Not all the plot points make sense, but they don't really need to.
It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
It's great fun, and a pleasure to see Wallace & Gromit again on the big screen.
In Nick Park, Britain has its own authentic animation genius.
Curse of the Were-Rabbit' has enough wacky inventiveness and pure silliness, including a greenhouse in the shape of a church, to entertain both children and adults.
When Nick Park stretches his claymation to feature-film length, it gets a little thin.
Eminently worth seeing, even if it leaves you wishing it were as consistently inventive as Aardman's first feature, Chicken Run.
Brilliantly animated comedy, packed with terrific sight gags, puns and one-liners - this is cracking entertainment that the entire family will enjoy.
wonderful characters combined with a captivating, albeit very silly story
Out of 24, it's at least an 18-carrot treat.
Offers more wit, more warmth and more cracking-good storytellling than any animated feature to come down the pike in many a, uh, moon -- and makes most live-action flicks look like empty exercises in the bargain.
Clay superstars Wallace and Gromit could teach most flesh-and-blood actors how film comedy works.
This film, my dears, is not a curse. It is a blessing.
Just a lot of very well-crafted fun that's so full of invention that multiple viewings will likely reveal fresh delights.
If you do not know Aardman Animation, all you need to know is this: they are to stop-motion animation what Pixar is to computer-made cartoons.
Wallace and Gromit is clever but rarely funny. It's too quaint, too perfectly "fine."
Satisfying family entertainment that will please fans and newbies alike.
Park and co-director/screenwriter Steve Box keep the laughs and the movie references coming full tilt in 85-breakneck minutes of delicious screen comedy.
There is something for everybody here: an unholy mixture of Philip Larkin and Bruce Wayne.
It's slightly amusing and I'd say when it comes out on video or if you catch it on cable, but to rush out to theaters...
This film, like its predecessors, is a delight.
As close to perfect as movies get.
Fun, funny, layered, and richly filmed.
It's all actually less funny than you'd expect, making one crave the time when Wallace and Gromit return to their real homeland, the world of animated shorts.
And so the class war is on, which only enhances the monster-movie themes that Were-Rabbit explores.
In an age where a new Air Bud movie is produced every 72 hours, it's refreshing to see a film so carefully crafted and lovingly brought to the screen.
Wallace and Gromit have the uncanny knack of making full -grown people clap their hands in delight and glee.
The look is appealing, but it's the characters that you'll latch onto. This is the kind of story animation was made to tell.
Like the Looney Tunes gang before them, Wallace and Gromit are better taken in small doses.
The cheesy puns are as thick as rabbits in the bucolic England of inventor Wallace and his loyal mutt Gromit, and that's a gouda thing.
This movie is a treat; take the kids and have a grand day out.
Curse of the Were-Rabbit is teeming with activity and clever asides.
Don't even try to figure out how Park can move plasticine figures around and achieve visual and slapstick miracles. Just enjoy.
With its sneaky wit and layered jokes, Wallace and Gromit makes even the big studios' most high-tech efforts feel flat.
A silly and cuddly dab of Silly Putty animation from the folks who gave us Chicken Run but who made their reputations doing short films about a daft Englishman and his dog.
The pleasures of The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, though, derive mostly from its wonderful simplicity, the fun of watching the contortions of figures modeled in clay.
Aardman elevates stop-motion to an incredibly precise art form, employing incredible sets, state-of-the-art lighting, superb voice work and even a few surprising special effects.
Wallace & Gromit: the Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a visually dazzling wonder that will delight audiences of all ages.
At times, you can even see fingerprints on the models, a touch that curiously makes them even more magical.
It's uncanny how Park and co-director Steve Box ... can milk a laugh from something so simple as an eye blink.
Fans of Wallace and Gromit - and they are many and varied - will have a ball with The Curse of the Were-Rabbit.
But the big joys of this movie are the characters.
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit soars with comic absurdities and innocent silliness while embracing old-world quaintness and a sweet heart.
This film is remarkably and refreshingly silly.
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a bloody delight on every level.
A charmer from beginning to end, "Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit" is tons of fun for the big kids, but best leave the wee ones at home.
At first glance, these lumpy creatures do not strike you as the best claymation efforts since God created Adam but Park's work is brilliantly understated.
Meet Hollywood's new power couple: a little clay man and his loyal pooch.
If the premise is wonderfully silly, the pursuit of its end is a dazzling parade of invention and inspiration.
Curse is a thoroughly entertaining romp that one hopes will make W&G feel as at home here as Bart and Homer.
There's more cleverness, ingenuity and creativity displayed in the first five minutes of the animated comedy Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit than there has been in most of this year's live-action features combined.
Wallace & Gromit strives to be supremely silly, and some of the humor is quite broad, even a touch bawdy.
Blessedly, Were-Rabbit is as much fun to watch as it must have been to write.
It's refreshing to be rescued by a bright little G-rated movie with a 24-carat heart.
The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a unique delight.
Were-Rabbit is a tiny plasticine masterpiece.
From start to finish, Curse is a blessing.
In the wee world of clay animation, the brilliant Wallace and Gromit are big dogs indeed.
It's a fun and thoroughly inventive family flick littered with quirky characters, puns-a-plenty and more gadgets than Inspector Gadget's walk-in closet.
The final 30 minutes is as exciting and thrill-packed as any action blockbuster, and as inventive as anything in Wallace's workshop.
If there is such a thing as award-winning cuteness, this is it.
The film has the literal hands-on, homemade appearance of the whimsical gizmos that Wallace invents for his own cottage industries.
...it may be possible to resist this lovely movie on the grounds that it is too British, such resistance dissolves when the lights go down and the screen begins to glow.
Curses? Far from it. "Wallace and Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit" is a blast.
Park finds a way to turn very peculiar plots into easy-to-digest adventures
Maybe if PETA tried being funny instead of comparing eating meat to the Holocaust, they'd have a bigger following.
... Truly something the whole family can enjoy.
As always, Gromit, as doggedly silent and resourceful as Buster Keaton, is the true hero, and the rousing finale is far and away his finest hour.
...wonderful sight gags, puns, movie parodies, and so many throwaway jokes that you'll have to see the movie more than once to catch them all.
Uma experiência cinematográfica simplesmente imperdível.
Heavens, the whole thing is just a cracking good time, so funny and clever and madly entertaining.
Charming...inspired....ridiculously entertaining.
The humor is sophisticated but sweet, and the clever references are not the only thing about the movie for adults to enjoy.
This is an exceedingly fun picture, featuring dry English charms, bright comic invention, and a breath of horror that deep down, every kid loves.
Surely it must be easier to just let computers do it.
Delivers all the staples and pleasures of Park's world , including the precious selflessness that Gromit exudes for his master.
crams at least three great gags into every 60-second span
Wallace and Gromit are two of the most lovably goofy characters in movie history with amazing chemistry, and appeal to all ages, which is quite shocking for two lumps of clay
Impressive regardless, and more so because the characters are so endearing
Every kind of funny: sophisticated wit, sly parody, outrageous puns, this-is- what-pause- buttons-on- DVD-players- are-made for detail, and fall-down, lose-the- toupee farce.
Their emotionally expressive and soulful personalities burst with the flavor of a giant vegetable.
These characters are as reliable as they come, and the fans all know that they'll never let us down.
The movie is filled with the usual Wallace & Gromit favorites, from meticulously designed miniature sets to chase scenes, double-entendres and sight gags built around tiny props and the clay figures, which seem quite alive at times.
The plot is whimsically charming and the goofy Plasticine characters -- with their toothy faces, beady eyes and hammy hands -- are irresistible.
It's among the most inventive animated movies ever made.
The chuckles continue even after the story has wrapped up: Those who stick around for the American Humane Association disclaimer at the very end will go home laughing.
All in all, The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a comic blessing.
Despite elements of predictability, Gromit's lovable personality makes the film a delight.
Only disappoints with its lack of resonance, though in all fairness, a cleverly-animated cloud-bust is all the pair ever really promised.
There seems to be a fairly rabid cult following for the quirky claymation characters of Wallace and Gromit, but count me out. This is a chaotic mess of a film.
Most of us come from common clay. Wallace & Gromit do not.
I felt my heart swelling beyond its natural size during Were-rabbit.
W&G remain as lovable as ever.
Park and Box don't necessarily break any new ground here, but their sense of pace and comic timing is still impeccable -- not easy when working in stop-motion.
Who could resist a movie in which a garden gnome holds the front line in high-tech home security?
It's hard to believe any demographic wouldn't enjoy the ridiculously cute 'burrowing bounders' rounded up by Anti-Pesto, who are fond of squealing 'Whee!' in tiny bunny voices.
This is the most enjoyable animated film I have seen all year, and that's a tall order to fill.
There is a flaccid, overextended feel to the antics, as if the characters had been stretched like Silly Putty 'til they cried uncle.
Wallace and Gromit are arguably the two most delightful characters in the history of animation.
As quintessentially English as fish 'n' chips and as sharp as a Wiltshire cheddar, the hysterically witty import Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is absolutely fabulous for the whole family.
Were-Rabbit is most concerned with the connections between things, specifically the ties that bind animal to human and, more theoretically, film frame to film frame.
The subject matter strains under the weight of a full-length film, even one that runs only 84 minutes. Much of the running time feels padded out.
I wanted a 'Wallace & Gromit' movie. Now, finally, here it is -- and it's entirely worth the wait.
It's one of 2005's few non-live action feature capable of engaging all members of the family.
Nick Park, you beautiful lunatic, congratulations. That Oscar's going to look simply cracking on your mantelpiece next February.
There's a handcrafted- with-love-for -your-enjoyment quality to the W&G toons, and it's all sort of more-so and inflated here, on the big screen.
Humanistic and droll.
The stop-motion pooch and his cheese-loving master return in a silly and sublime feature-length adventure.
The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is lively and boisterous, but it also has a quiet heart.
With every studio comedy looking for a formula for success, it's refreshing to find a heroically whimsical film that succeeds by following no formula known to dog or man.
Britcentricities still abound, of course, but there's something irresistibly hilarious about watching a group of dithering gardeners attempt to become a pitchfork-wielding mob.
Hare, hare!
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit demands more than a single viewing to catch everything -- and audiences of all ages won't mind one bit.
The Curse of the Were-Rabbit bestows generous blessings on all that's good in Englishness, in moviedom, and, of course, in cheese.
The most devilish rabbit since Monty Python & the Holy Grail.
An absurd homage to 1930s Universal horror movies,
Transcendentally silly fun...sure to enchant toddlers, great-grandparents and everybody in between.
Tt's just a really damn cute movie.
Nick Park is Tim Burton's opposite: his storytelling is smooth, his visual technique jerky. Go for the guy who can tell a story, as Burton has failed to do for 11 years now.
A whimsical success of a very high order: The pace never lags, the invention is incessant, and it makes you want to have a bite of cheese afterward.
...a grandly infectious animated showcase that radiates with genuine wit and warmth. Imaginative, riotous and inherently clever...
A witty and wonderful clay-animated comedy that is a charmer from start to finish with its two endearing antiheroes and its clever puns and wry references to other movies.
A pure delight and one of the best animated movies of this or any other year.
It's simply great! Go see it.
Nearly bursting with wit--pointed puns, sharp satire, nutty pastiche, cute silliness and lots of old chestnut gags.
Consistently charming.
Two of the funniest cartoon characters ever make a delightful feature debut.
The biggest treat! Plasticine or not, Wallace & Gromit are two of the most entertaining and instantly likeable characters to grace a family film in quite some time
Deliciously eccentric and witty ...with its deft humour and unique touches, [it] is an inspired adventure for every age


@highlight

The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a subtly touching and wonderfully eccentric adventure featuring Wallace and Gromit.