The entire production is chock-full of campy humor and visual charm that should appeal to a variety of audiences, but parents may decide Boxtrolls is a little too creepy for the youngest of the young.
The Boxtrolls attempts both style and substance, and does a pretty good job achieving it.
The Boxtrolls is a thoroughly enjoyable movie that I already have plans to see a second time.
By far its biggest downfall is the characters, they are simply not very appealing.
Laika's technical implementation is exquisite, in what is their most complex undertaking yet.
A delightful film that provides a kid-friendly story at the expense of dark realism.
Stuffed full of quirky details, bizarre characters and cockeyed humour.
In a weak year for feature-length animated films, "The Boxtrolls" was clearly the best in my estimation. That doesn't sound like much of a recommendation, but it truly is.
Visually stunning, but a lackluster story.
It often feels like it's been cobbled together from spare parts. Still, when those parts are dashes of Roald Dahl, Monty Python, and LucasArts adventure games it's not much of a complaint.
The Boxtrolls may still make for a better watch than a great many movies spoon-fed to children in the present era, but it's sometimes a little closer to the chaff than a Laika film should be.
Kids may enjoy the stunning images of the impish underground creatures, a focus on the unlikeable villain will have young ones and their parents alike bored after 20 min.
The Boxtrolls is a weird, completely original experience recommended for fans of this morbid animation sub-genre.
A little thin storywise, but it more than makes up with its scintillating stop-motion style--textured and handcraft-like, it resembles a blend of claymation, Gilliamesque grotesquerie and pop-up book effects--and a strong cup of English eccentricity.
The stealth allegory of the insidious nature of gossip as a tool of domination, and the scathing class satire of misbegotten and socially unjust personal goals, carry a productive sting that should leave kids smarting but a bit wiser...
...looks as if it's made from materials found in the back closet of an arts-and-crafts class.
The story is confidently and clearly expressed, though that does not change the fact that it's a bit on the trite side in some ways.
The true charm of these characters comes from their exuberantly animated personalities - not a prettied-up Disney-fied exterior.
A cheesy world that's pretty "gouda"
Laika's oddest feature yet, a film that adds a faceful of leeches and a Monty Python/Mr. Creosote homage to an already eccentric story.
If you can get past the bugs, slime, dirt, ugliness and unkempt hair, the story is a pretty good one.
"The Boxtrolls" took years of blood, sweat and clay to come to life...and I'm happy to report it was all worth it.
While the film contains some scary images and dark moments that could frighten the very little kiddies, this film should entertain a wide swath of the public as the humor is easily relatable to multiple generations.
'The Boxtrolls,' a delightfully weird tale told in stop-motion animation, is solid and fun. From the same folks who created 'ParaNorman' and 'Coraline,' this story has the same off-kilter feel and appearance.
The Boxtrolls combines heart with a streak of Roald Dahl's perversity. It will have special appeal for viewers who get British humor.
Surprisingly grim in tone and featuring a lively cast of voice-actors, The Boxtrolls is one to delight macabre children and adults alike.
Overall, the movie treats the audience intelligently. Tim Burton-loving adults and Goth-leaning teens will appreciate the film's eccentricity and darkness.
The Boxtrolls is the movie equivalent of its own characters: quirky, weird-looking, beautifully unusual, and almost impossible to not love.
The antidote to the modern animated movie.
An absolute delight.
The Boxtrolls has many of the hallmarks of the previous films; bizarre angles, strange-looking characters, and a kind of fearlessness, an ability to gaze at darkness head-on.
... generally lacks the narrative freshness and charm to supplement its visual ambition.
The Boxtrolls doesn't represent the Laika's best work, it's nonetheless another visually-inventive, witty, and energetic fairy tale adventure.
Beyond its technical achievement, The Boxtrolls is a fun, family-friendly fantasy with a cool steampunk aesthetic.
The Boxtrolls represents the best animated movie to reach theater screens since The Lego Movie exploded on the scene in February.
At once a clever satire on class that toys with gender stereotypes and a frightful family adventure with a hand-to-heart sweet-natured handmade quality.
That rare thing in mainstream film: a bold aesthetic move wearing its Dickensian dirtpride like a rusty medal, daring you to suggest it's not as beautiful as it knows itself to be.
Laika is the new Pixar. Boxtrolls are the new minions.
There's clearly enough material to simultaneously spook/scare, gross-out and delight children of all ages. (Complete Content Review for Parents Also Available)
This kind of stop-motion animation (wittily demonstrated during the end credits) results in wonderfully detailed characters and action.
I actually found a lot of the dialogue, particularly at the beginning of the film, really hard to get into.
There are many more delighted 'Ewwws' than too-easy 'Awws' in this charming, if a tad cynical, feature from the creators of Coraline and ParaNorman.
It's a world that runs in a parallel universe akin to that of Charles Dickens, with creatively named characters involved in seemingly outlandish adventures in a Victorian-era city where a moral or two plays out in the end.
Laika's simplest story to date, a lean bedtime story dressed up to the nines in their trademark swooping, spiraling visual wizardry.
It's a felt, funny, bracingly sincere kids' movie. And even more refreshing, it takes as a theme our social fixation with waste, salvage and repackaging.
Without being didactic, "The Boxtrolls" presents the dangers of a hierarchical society, separated out into high-status and low, and also has some very interesting and moving things to say about identity, family, and morality.
I know I should like it. It's produced by Laika. The stop-motion animation is imaginative and brilliant. But...
What Laika is able to accomplish on a technical level is to be admired as much as their social concerns, but The Boxtrolls just doesn't resonate in quite the way we're used to from them.
It's easy to overlook the narrative shortcomings and instead bask in the sheer artistry on display.
All Sorts of Ick.
No one does depth-of-field like Laika - they make use of the three-dimensionality of the medium like no one else.
It's a wonderful world, full of Rube Goldberg contraptions below and colorful Dickensian squalor and excess above.
There's little conventional about this movie at all. Thank heavens.
A beautiful, visually lush, character-driven fairy tale where dark themes of abduction and deceit are off-set by perky characters and a constant stream of inventive visual humour.
Another winner from Laika. It has heart, humor and beautiful animation. What more could you want?
The Boxtrolls is a strange little movie in love with its strangeness.
"The Boxtrolls"—and, for that matter, Laika—boldly play to their own tune, and theirs is an uncommonly wonderful voice that too seldom gets heard in today's American-made animated features.
It is a "for the whole family" kind of film where the boxtrolls' antics will thrill the kids and the story and beautifully detailed animation will please everyone else.
A great kids film should reveal extra layers as its audience ages, and The Boxtrolls has that in spades.
In "The Boxtrolls," old-fashioned stop-motion animation is combined with new-style 3-D cinematography to charming effect.
[Ben Kingsley] speaks in a sing-songy patter that clings to each vowel like butter on an artery lining, ensuring that 'The Boxtrolls' is as much fun to listen to as it is to look at - which is to say, very.
Eggs and Winnie make for an adorable duo and although the film is sluggish at times, particularly in the early going, directors Graham Annable and Anthony Stacchi do their best to inject playful absurdities into this weird little world.
Directors Graham Annable and Anthony Stacchi have done astounding work in orchestrating a dizzying amount of visual detail into the warm, earth-toned above and underground worlds of The Boxtrolls.
Laika is back at it with The Boxtrolls, an odd little fable that might be their strangest outing yet.
There's little syrupy, mindless junk to be found here, just plenty of invention from the 3-D, stop-motion gang that also gave us the step-above "Coraline" and "ParaNorman."
The details are impressive: 190 puppets built, 79 sets constructed, 20,000 handmade props, 200 costumes, 26 locations, 56 cameras, 892 lights, 53,000 face parts.... But somehow it still doesn't add up to enough.
The film is stunning to look at, with tiny details as far as the eye can see, which in 3D is quite a distance.
Boxtrolls' world is fantastically detailed and physical, with every frame crammed with complicated machinery, hand-painted textures and handcrafted props, and a sense of vast and focused attention.
Deliciously grotesque at times, but the message is a sweet one: families come in all sizes and shapes, sometimes biological, sometimes not, but what defines them is love.
Imaginative but very weird, more Monty Python than Walt Disney. Not for all tastes.
[A] totally offbeat and original tale for kids (and adults) looking for something a little more challenging and completely off the wall.
Like one of its wondrously designed steampunky contraptions, "The Boxtrolls" is a marvelous thing to behold, and watch spin, even if it doesn't go anywhere terribly interesting.
What makes Boxtrolls truly special is how it challenges kids to consider that the true villain may be the person calling others villains.
"The Boxtrolls" is charming, with a gorgeous animation style that combines lo-fi with high-tech, with the huggable nature of the characters, and with the boldness of its storytelling and thematic concerns.
It's a simple story delivered with maximum attention to detail (some of it endearingly grotesque) and plenty of droll, dry humor.
dirty, dour, and just a wee bit disturbing
Though it's more than a mite chilly emotionally, it compensates with some understated British wit and a typically good moral.
The story of "The Boxtrolls," in lesser hands, might have turned out only so-so. Under Laika's loving, labor-intensive touch, it takes on a kind of magic.
Do not think outside "The Boxtrolls." Instead, give yourself over to the movie's captivating, inventive, scary-hilarious world.
Directors Graham Annable and Anthony Stacchi create a colourful world that plays with this larger box metaphor in small ways, preferring to leave all the broad strokes of the storytelling to the claylike clumps of character.
Storytelling matters in a movie. A lot. It's what separated Pixar in the early days, and it's what's wrong here.
In total, The Boxtrolls is an imperfect delight, much like the titular sweet beasts themselves.
Why did the story of this huggable species' attempted extinction leave me emotionally indifferent?
Imaginative adventure has lots of peril, nasty villain.
"The Boxtrolls" remains relentlessly busy up through its final credits, and it's clever in a nattering way. But it's virtually charmless.
A children's movie that thinks very highly of its audience, with sly meta-gags, rich visuals and periodic sombre conversations about what constitutes evil.
The eccentricities pile up, and most of them are endearing, but a little more focus would have helped this movie stand on its own as an accomplishment, instead of just an amusement.
One gets the sense that directors Anthony Stacchi and Graham Annable have their hearts in the action sequences and not in the characters, and that's a problem.
[An] exquisitely crafted but tedious film.
The animation of "The Boxtrolls" is beautifully detailed, but the story is shaky and off-putting.
The stop-motion animation is calculated to resemble and recall a long-ago fairy tale, and it does that well, but the convoluted yet simplistic story of an orphan boy raised by box-wearing, underground-dwelling trolls falls flat almost from the beginning
The story, with its lessons of tolerance and truth to one's self, is not deep, but it is wonderfully told -- an obvious labor of love.
You might expect that a stop-motion animated comedy all about little trolls in boxes would occasionally think outside of them. But Boxtrolls remains content to safely color within the lines of its story.
There are some laughs and the dark, steam-punk look of Cheesebridge is intriguing, but there's little charm.
The animation is breathtaking, the boxtrolls themselves are lovely little heroes, and the theme of being true to oneself comes across as very honest.
Technically stunning but aesthetically ill-conceived ...
A delectable treat that balances themes of identity and class warfare with Monty Python-style political skewering, quirky humor and dairy jokes.
Visually striking and intermittently amusing, but a little of this unusual world goes a long way, with pacing and story issues crippling an otherwise enjoyable romp through cheese worship and creature idiosyncrasies.
It feels like a collage of much better movies funneled through a grotesque storybook world of discarded concept art.
A gentle, confusing letdown.
More fun and clever than the vast majority of animated movies out there.
Visually the film is a feast, stuffed with little jokes and surprises and the kind of black humor that Alfred Hitchcock heartily enjoyed.
In an age when most cartoon companies have traded pens for pixels, the magicians at Laika continue to create fantastically elaborate universes out of pure elbow grease.
Ben Kingsley gives the funniest performance of his career.
Engaging as it is to look at, this stop-motion animation film from the young Oregon studio Laika seems to have been masterminded by people thinking, "Everyone loves Pixar. So let's do everything the opposite!"
The Boxtrolls has its penny-dreadful moments, but it's mostly a larkish stroll through a cemetery where the monsters are the good guys.
As in Laika's previous two efforts -- the fantastical Coraline and playfully supernatural ParaNorman -- The Boxtrolls boasts a scrupulously crafted world. But its overstuffed screenplay lacks humor, and it could use a great deal more fun.
The Boxtrolls, despite a rather uncertainly structured story by screenwriters Irena Brignull and Adam Pava, has its pleasantly demented charms.
The voice acting is very funny and the 3D is ingenious.
It's the rare animated film that might amuse adults and kids while slipping a useful message to the latter.
A child's animated primer on the chicanery, skullduggery, and social gamesmanship so dear to the heart of the grownup world, and a gentle affirmation of genuine family life as the antithesis of and antidote for same.
"The Boxtrolls" is a swing-and-miss for Laika; when you move forward with revolutionary techniques while standing still in terms of your themes, stories and settings, no amount of technical trickery or animation genius can bring the boring to vivid life.
The flippancy toward thematic concerns and character construction suggests that the film, like the boxtrolls' myriad gadgets and inventions, was largely built from used parts.
Another amazingly meticulous and stylish stop-motion tale from the Laika studio.
Gorgeous, witty and wise. The year's best animated film
When a soulless corporate product like 'Planes: Fire and Rescue' sputters, it's barely worth a shrug. When a handcrafted labor of love like 'The Boxtrolls' goes bad, it's a tragedy.
The Boxtrolls is a kiddie charmer that makes you laugh, cower and think of Hitler. That's an unusual trifecta, but then again, this is an unusual film.
In short, this is good subversive kids stuff in the tradition of Joe Dante and Tim Burton, championing freaks and youthful underdogs while portraying adults, especially those in authority, as corrupt, foolish, or deranged.
This animated 3D children's picture is as clumsy, tone-deaf, and useless as they come. Laika, the Oregon animation production company behind "Coraline" (2009) and "ParaNorman" (2012) takes more than a few a steps backward.
Spooky and surreal, it's an emotionally resonant, steampunk fantasy.
It's beautifully made, and lovely to look at.
It's a thoroughly entertaining comedy-adventure that will appeal to all ages.
The Boxtrolls isn't just a superb movie for the whole family, it's the best animated film of the year.
The stop-motion animation is extraordinary, but there is something lacking in this third film from Laika Studios - heart
The Boxtrolls charms with its stunning animation and memorable assemblage of creatures and craftwork.
A triumph on a variety of levels, this staggeringly detailed stop-motion animation has a wonderfully deranged story packed with spirited characters.
The visuals are dazzling, the voices expressive, and the end-credits sequence offers a laugh-out-loud appraisal of the madness of the animators' labour-intensive craft.
The critters themselves are part-Jawa, part-Gremlin creations and provide much-needed fun in a tale that's perhaps lighter than previous Laika efforts but still has plenty to offer.
It is joyously witty and profoundly weird. I recommend it heartily. But think twice before taking young children.
There's plenty of Tim Burton-like wit and humour behind the Boxtrolls concept. The film boasts some lively voice work, too. Its problem is a script that is as flat as cardboard. It takes quite a while to work out what is happening or why.
Like me, my own children weren't overly impressed, much preferring Coraline as the sort of non-Disney / Pixar / Dreamworks type of risk-taking picture that we'd like to see more of.
If it doesn't quite hit the highs of Coraline and ParaNorman, it nonetheless cements Laika as one of the most exciting animation studios currently working today.
If you're looking for a family film that questions moral determinism then Boxtrolls is your only man.
Although this is brought to us by the makers of Coraline and ParaNorman, the earlier films' knowing, child-aware sense of menace is nowhere to be seen.
The blue-skinned, miscellaneously misshapen boxtrolls are a triumph of design and painstaking execution, with their glow-in-the-dark eyes providing ample wow factor.
Elegantly stylised stop-motion animation and cheesy humour sweeten rich subtexts tackling class entrenchment, manipulative demagoguery and even the Holocaust.
The Boxtrolls is mad, funny and inventive.
The Boxtrolls has a few fun moments that children might enjoy and a great vocal cast that adults will appreciate including Nick Frost and Richard Ayoade as henchmen Mr Trout and Mr Pickles.
Set it against the shiny blandishments that have passed for family fun this season, and it starts to look vaguely radical.
A delightful, comic animation with sophisticated social themes from the makers of ParaNorman and Coraline.
An object lesson in acceptance and the perils of eating too much cheese, The Boxtrolls is crate fun.
"... a wonderfully eccentric blend of Monty Python, Roald Dahl and Tim Burton's sensibilities."
There's a fine line between baroque and grotesque... and The Boxtrolls crosses it. Here is a film that actively makes you want to look away.
While the plot is straightforward, characters are well-drawn, many defined by ironic delusions.
It has the makings of a Roald Dahl doodle, but this is all quirk, no charm.
Breathlessly paced and surreally funny, The Boxtrolls fizzes with visual invention and wild slapstick. But the grotesquerie is overbearing
The Boxtrolls is impressively nasty fare for gothic fantasists of all ages.
Laika's beautifully animated third feature is another that isn't afraid to stand out from the crowd.
There's slapstick and silliness to entertain small children and nefarious plots for the adult audience to untangle, making this a far more handsome prospect than any of its characters could imagine.
It's unlikely to become a cultural juggernaut on the level of something like Frozen, but I think it is as enjoyable.
The perfect grown-up kids' movie.
Squanders Laika's considerable artistic talent on an unappealing concept and screenplay.
Stubbornly unappealing ...
It all feels rather simple and lacking in the real cleverness audiences come to expect from such fare.
A surprisingly charmless and aimless movie from Laika Studios, who previously crafted the wonderfully dark Coraline and Paranorman, this latest venture seems destined to disturb young viewers while thoroughly boring their parents.

@highlight

While it's far from Laika's best offering, The Boxtrolls is still packed with enough offbeat wit and visual splendor to offer a healthy dose of all-ages entertainment.