No documentary on this subject could be wholly without merit, but The Music of Strangers is at best an introduction for audiences who will want to learn and hear much more.
[Filmmaker Morgan Neville] knows a great music doc needs to feature not only wonderful music, but also dynamic personalities to perform it, and The Music of Strangers is incredibly rich in both.
Director Morgan Neville's documentary The Music of Strangers: Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble exuberantly celebrates global music.
[Music] both nourish and help meld our disparate souls. And sometimes that's enough.
Recommended audience: Music fans everywhere.
At the centre of it Ma is a studied, unrevealed figure, while the rehearsals and jam sessions create a joyous glow of affirmation that overwhelms a deeper sense of inquiry; the longer the film goes on, the less it has to say.
This film got me to thinking about how musicians and other artists, as well as scientists seem to be able to cooperate very well in a world increasingly being torn apart by political and religious extremism and xenophobia.
There's an implicit tension between Ma's laid-back manner and the driven perfectionist we know he must be, but the film has limited scope to explore this, sticking as it does to a glossy, advertorial mode.
As one musician says, a piece of music can't stop a bullet. But this engaging film is a vote for culture, a vote against xenophobia.
Upbeat first-rate musical documentary that proclaims it is through music that the world might best be able to connect in a peaceful way.
This soul-refreshing documentary celebrates difference as a beautiful thing vital to making great art, and for making a better world for everyone.
Earnest and occasionally engrossing.
It's admirably high-minded, and internationalism and openness have never been needed more. But I must admit to finding this ... not complacent exactly, but perhaps too serenely self-regarding.
The focus is on the individuals, emphasising the unifying power of song - as well as Ma's humanitarianism.
The Music of Strangers serves as something of an important reminder of what cultures can achieve when collaborating.
Neville weaves the strands of his documentary together like the silk of its title, connecting disparate ideas to create a concept of culture that is strong, attractive and, above all, still of great use to humanity.
A joyous, intelligent and moving journey, but above all else it's a celebration of music and its unique power to transcend boundaries and unite us all.
Music and cinema are both universal languages. I can't think of another film that blends the best of these audio and visual worlds into a most enjoyable adventure about mixed cultures and disparate lives that becomes the sum of much more than its parts.
As more than one of the performers notes, music transcends culture, history and even language.
...ultimately unsatisfying, offering a little bit of this and a little bit of that without ever making much of an impression.
Music of Strangers explores that pensive relationship between art and politics, detailing the role of music as an expression and a search for meaning out of conflict, fortunately without getting on much of a soapbox in the process.
Neville never really convinces us that the beauty of the Silk Road's performances can change the world, but he does show that the music has changed the world of the performers themselves.
Within the first few moments of this film, some of the world's best musicians are seen playing an eclectic tune in an open-air market adjacent to the sea, defying any notions one might have had about an orchestral documentary.
Home, as they say, is where the heart is -- and for celebrated cellist Yo-Yo Ma and the fascinating, globe-spanning family of musicians he has gathered to form the Silk Road Ensemble, home is where music is being made and shared.
Ma's project and Neville's film celebrate the joy that can be achieved when people put aside their regional differences to create something joyous.
These musicians' backstories are not uninteresting, but they feel like tangential subjects. Neville's attention wanders throughout his movie.
At its heart is the iconic Ma himself, intellectually and creatively restless, impatient (watch him roll his eyes when he's introduced via a heap of errors and clichés) and working hard to keep meaning in his life.
As generously global as it is intensely introspective, this is the finest pure-music documentary since 2012's "A Band Called Death." A splendid look at the happy accidents, and intentional elation, found in a fermata of fertile creativity.
The result is enjoyable, but feels perhaps a bit slight, as if, with a little more time, more depth may have been achieved.
Commendable intentions be damned; one can't hear the music for the self-applauding.
Whether you're interested in this style of music or not, you'd be hard-pressed not to appreciate this rewarding film with Yo-Yo Ma at its heart.
Watching The Music of Strangers: Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble, you have to love [Yo-Yo Ma] for his wide-eyed vision.
What drives the narrative is the musicians' mutual desire to forge meaningful connections across cultures, an affirmative answer to Leonard Bernstein's question of whether music can truly serve as a "universal language."
An engaging portrait of the transcendent power of music as well as a moving testimony to the effect of political turmoil on individual artists.
This is pleasant, of course, and who doesn't believe that music is the true universal language? But 96 minutes of uplift is a lot.
"Strangers" offers an inspiring look at creative people from very different walks of life who nonetheless communicate beautifully with one another. They don't need to speak a common language: Their dazzling music says it all.
It's compelling, and of course the music, taken from all parts of the world and played by musicians on every sort of instrument, is intriguing.
An irresistible kaleidoscope of music and good fellowship ...
These are all appealing and interesting folks, and it would be nice to have a beer with any of them (I have in fact done so in one case). From the filmmaker, one expects a little more.
The Music of Strangers' real strength lies in its refusal to overstate its message, and allow room for those non-uplifting, too sadly human arguments to the contrary. Oh, and if you love or only just like music, it's a total blast.
There have been plenty of documentaries about the artistic process and the cultural influence of musicians, but few are as impactful as this glimpse into the healing and the uniting power of music.
In The Music of Strangers, the sounds these gifted artists make are the truest expressions of themselves.
A rounded and rousing look at this talented musical collective.
The greatest language known to mankind is front and center in this ebullient doc, charting a band formed by that eternal wunderkind, Yo-Yo Ma.
This documentary celebrates the soul and sound of music and its celebrants who are here not for the money.
Much like "20 Feet from Stardom," the doc becomes a grabber whenever it focuses on the immensely skilled and unique individuals who form this melodic melting pot.
Neville is keenly aware of how to show the musicians' kinetic energy onscreen, and he relies on this talent to keep the film consistently alive and moving.
A first-rate music film capturing a restless desire to communicate beyond the boundaries of any single idiom.
"The Music of Strangers" is an aural celebration that's about using the past to break free of boundaries.
Neville is as expert at getting the human stories behind the songs as he is in capturing the music.
If the screen went dark during "The Music of Strangers," that would be a disappointment. But if the sound failed, that would be a tragedy.
Morgan Neville's documentary is a joyous revelation, a group portrait of superb musicians from all over the world offering music as an emblem of what people can do in these fractious times when they live in concert with one another.
Not bad as an introduction to a group, but it makes for a lousy portrait of its members.
It resonates as a portrait of artists trying to figure out their own paths toward making valuable contributions to the world.
This isn't an innovative film, overall-the camerawork lyrically mimics the music, but it's mostly a straight-ahead informative documentary. And yet it holds your interest.
The closer the documentary gets to individual musicians and their histories, the more engaging it becomes.

@highlight

The Music of Strangers: Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble offers a thrilling and too-rare glimpse of art's power to bridge personal and cultural divides.