Perhaps the greatest mystery this film never solves isn't why Shanghai fell, but rather how such a magnificent cast was ever swayed to climb aboard.
The true-life historical background is more compelling than the fictional melodrama.
Written by the talented Hossein Amini and clearly inspired by spy and detective movies of the 1940s, this seems to have been a labor of love. But SHANGHAI is so convoluted that it eventually becomes lost.
Cusack is halfway between Humphrey Bogart and Jimmy Stewart, and the result doesn't come together.
Even if an uncredited editor were hired to make clear sense of these pieces, the film wouldn't work.
You might be forgiven for expecting either an unfairly squelched masterpiece or an unholy mess. The movie is neither, although it falls closer to the mess side of the table.
Under Mikael Håfström's visually clunky, rhythmless direction, it's a snooze of epic sameness: choppy action scenes, a blankly stern Cusack, and too many allegiance shifts to count or care for.
It is hampered by weak writing and a badly executed story line.
Don't look for plausibility in this World War II epic set in China, just enjoy the lavishly produced, exotic and often exciting ride.
[A] turgid, anemic, already five-year-old motion picture from Swedish director Mikael Håfström.
Director Mikael Hafstrom and a fine cast and crew have made a film that's elegant and gauche in roughly equal measure.
Håfström directs it like he's sucking too hard on a cigarette, in a quick, over-and-done-with style that results only in fitful coughs of smoke.
How many times does John Cusack have to prove he is no leading man? In Shanghai he comes off as Sam Spade with chopsticks.
It's all intriguing and breathtaking, along with a mournful, lovely score by Klaus Badelt, but not enough to compensate for the miserable writing.
Cusack does his best to evoke compassion for his character, and he is quick on his feet, whether trying to woo Anna, or outsmart his captors. But none of it is enough to highly recommend "Shanghai".
A morass of clichés and orientalism salvaged from the Hollywood backlot debris of 75 years ago.
Goes through all the motions of an old-school wartime spy pic with plenty of technical competence but zero panache, the filmic equivalent of a bar band working through one last Skynyrd cover just before last call.
Shanghai isn't altogether awful, but knowing that it has the potential to be so much better in the hands of a stronger director makes it a frustrating affair.
The film often feels like a drab collection of scenes where John Cusack disinterestedly questions attractive, elusive Asian cast members.
Everything in Mikael Håfström's film is needlessly bloated to accommodate its status as an international, prestige production.
Cusack says at one point: "I did what you do with a puzzle. I stared at it until it made sense." That, I can guarantee you, won't happen with "Shanghai."
[A] really boring 1940s spy drama starring John Cusack.
With its uninvolving plot and direly miscast leading man, Shanghai is worse than a bomb. It's a bore.
The technical achievements of the picture are numerous, making Shanghai painless to watch. It's maintaining interest in the eroding mystery and its passive players that's a significant challenge.

@highlight

Shanghai is crippled by a weak story and fatally undermined by clunky direction, making for a period political drama that lacks all of its key components.