Considering the complexities of the subject matter, the film holds together surprisingly well. It's catnip for physics geeks, of course, but others with even a mild curiosity about the physical world can appreciate it.
I know nothing about any of this [science] and yet it's absolutely captivating.
Funny and fascinating, this is the kind of evidence that support why governments need to have long-term vision and invest in, not scale back, funding in research.
Particle Fever shows how the theorists and experimenters need and respect each other, in the course of setbacks, disappointments, premature celebrations and public relations glitches.
You'll be entertained and, to whatever degree, you will not only learn something, you might have your whole understanding of the universe altered. Pretty good for ninety-nine minutes.
An adventure, a celebration, and a snapshot of investigation at its most essential and enthralling, Particle Fever is both intelligent and accessible.
This is a film that feeds the imagination and is the most exciting documentary so far in 2014.
Particle Fever effectively generates appreciation for the tenacity and vision of scientists and the power of dogged curiosity to determine an entire life's path.
Informative and exciting...an educational film that's uplifting in the best sense.
Even a science dunce will walk away with a basic understanding of the project and a strong impression of the community around this important research...a film about the idealistic pursuit of knowledge...
It offers a fascinating education, but it also serves as an urgent work of advocacy.
Trouble in Boson City but the spunky brainiacs of the Hadron Collider right the ship and identify the illusive link to the beginning of the universe.
The fact that Mark Levinson's engrossing Particle Fever was edited by the great Walter Murch gives it a better pedigree than most documentaries.
[The film] serves as a needed reminder of the excitement of science, a practice that need not be left exclusively to nerds.
A subatomic thriller that not only captures one of mankind's most significant breakthroughs, it makes physics and physicists look hip.
Its eventual slide into statistics comes to test patience, yet Levinson doesn't lose the essential theme of the movie.
Brilliant new documentary about the largest scientific experiment in history.
Particle Fever explores with awe-inspiring precision, and in remarkably accessible language, how 10,000 scientists and engineers from around the world built what in effect is the ultimate test tube for particle physics.
We see science, and scientists - excitable, anxious, adorably nerdy scientists - freaking out as they're about to fire up the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), one of the largest machines ever built by man.
The enthusiasm, idealism, and cheerful brilliance of the six subjects convey the thrill, if not the full significance, of this scientific breakthrough.
It plays out with all the suspense of a thriller.
Levinson makes the story accessible and entertaining for mainstream viewers.
There are a few entertaining developments in the film, but much of it is dull.
Even the most math-averse viewer will be on pins and needs to know the results.
A fascinating nonfiction celebration of human curiosity and endeavor, Particle Fever gives viewers a shotgun-seat to history that plays out on a very relatable plane.
The filmmakers find room for some witty philosophical bull sessions and affectionate portraits of some of the physicists; this is an agreeable light entertainment on a complex subject.
The narrative builds momentum as Particle Fever whisks us from 2008 through 2012 when the scientific world anxiously waits for the results of the experiment.
Even if you can't explain the Standard Model or define "supersymmetry," you'll walk away with a conviction that you've vicariously participated in a historic event.
The bracing scientific rigor and intellectual derring-do presented in "Particle Fever" are most welcome.
All you really need to know about Particle Fever is that it includes footage of physicists rapping. About physics. Wearing giant Einstein masks.
The film allows for our awe. It also demonstrates that science is the most human of activities, with all that that implies.
Levinson's film seems to capture the instability of just about everything, from a large hadron collider, to a helium pipe, to the Higgs boson, to people in general.
A funny, exhilarating, suspenseful documentary about the Large Hadron Collider, and how physics is more akin to philosophy and art than you may have imagined.
Set in crummy offices and towering facilities worthy of a Bond movie, the documentary is edited with the momentum of a thriller by the great Walter Murch (Apocalypse Now), as we follow six scientists.
Watching a film won't make you smarter, but if there ever was one that could, it would be "Particle Fever," a movie so mind-bending you can almost feel your brain cells growing as you're watching it.
As fictional Vulcan Spock might have pronounced: "Fascinating."
Talk about a smash hit.
A compelling, if sometimes difficult to follow, story.
The film may not put itself above the uninitiated, but director Mark Levinson oftentimes appears almost too eager to present his material with affectation.
A movie that's not just accessible but fun, with a surprisingly emotional payoff at the end.
Particle Fever is that rare, exhilarating science doc that's neither dumbed down nor drabbed up.
The experience of watching the film can be vertiginous: You toggle between the tiny and the infinite, between eternity and the real time of the recent past.
A dazzling, dizzying documentary about nothing less than whether we exist in a coherent universe of ordered, even beautiful laws ...
Totally thrilling documentary about a topic that might have been distinctly unthrilling. Great work from its physicist producer and director.
The film does everything it can to build a bridge between physics nerds and their wedgie-giving counterparts [...] making Particle Fever the crowd-pleaser it is [...]
Where it excels is in depicting the various personalities involved.
A documentary about science for professionals and laypeople alike, Particle Fever celebrates an event of earth-shattering importance, though what far-ranging transformations it heralds remain unknown
A timely and fascinating look at physicists' search for the Higgs boson.

@highlight

The concepts behind its heady subject matter may fly over the heads of most viewers, but Particle Fever presents it in such a way that even the least science-inclined viewers will find themselves enraptured.