"Star Wars" is not "Breaking Bad," and the same narrative tricks that worked for the latter feel jarringly out of place in the former.
It is overall, a good movie worth watching. And timely, as our own modern-day First Order takes roots.
The Last Jedi speaks for the strength of a united front against imperial aggression...The final image leaves us with the assurance that young people tired of injustice will pick up the ball their elders dropped.
On a second pass, the questionable was extremely overpowered by the bold and the courageous, and I saw Star Wars: The Last Jedi through a different prism. I connected with it differently.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi may not be perfect, but the need to accept imperfection and keep going becomes one of the movie's themes...It's about mentorship that's invigorating rather than smothering.
The great strength of the eighth part is also how it plays with the expectations of the audience. [Full review in Spanish]
[Rian] Johnson fulfills the necessary action and emotion, but fails to make something intelligent. [Full Review in Spanish]
Despite Disney's humorous sequences, [The Last Jedi] revives the good in the saga. [Full Review in Spanish]
The highs definitely outweigh the lows, and The Last Jedi is in the upper tier of films set in that far, far away galaxy.
The evolution of all the new characters was really good.
It's a Force to be reckoned with.
Even if the stuffed-gills plot grew frustrating, I'm still looking forward to the next foray into a galaxy far, far away.
There is just enough good material embedded in the excessive padding to appeal to our cravings for more Star Wars.
When a character is in danger, you do feel that danger...there's something about the craftsmanship in this one. That feeling of security is gone, but the movie has a lot of humor too.
The new, machine-tooled The Last Jedi is sufficiently busy (action scenes occurring every ten minutes) to make you grateful that it is, at least, agreeably paced, even if it isn't really about anything.
I both loved it and strongly disliked it at the same time. I feel like there's a really great movie in there, all the pieces are there, everything is brilliant, but then there's a lot of extra fat that needed to be trimmed off or rearranged.
At two-and-a-half hours, with about nine separate cliffhanger endings, it's a bit long, but Johnson's keen visual sense, doses of humor and a couple of cameos buoy the film
There's a lot to like in the new Star Wars film...But it is not, as so many are saying, either the best Star Wars movie ever nor even the best since The Empire Strikes Back.
The music still feels fresh and Rian Johnson's film will please the fans with its wonderful visuals and abundance of action. But for me, there was something missing.
The story is compelling and there are some good characters to follow on this journey through many twists and turns. The acting is solid, and the visual effects are top notch. This is an impressive effort by writer-director Rian Johnson ('Looper').
The mission is noble. The result, disastrous. [Full review in Spanish]
A red throne room evokes the Technicolor fantasies of Michael Powell and Vincente Minnelli, while the scratchy surfaces of a sand planet trace the arc of each combatant's footwork like a choreographer's notation, transforming a duel into a dance.
There is simply no joy in The Last Jedi. But all great legacies, I guess, are destined to fade.
It's fun to look at.
Same effects, new cast. Some should stay and some should go.
A stellar, if slightly overlong, followup to 2015's Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens...
Daisy Ridley is always in motion. Her role of a young warrior is intense, but her moments with Adam Driver, comparing good and evil, are good, indeed.
The thing that makes the film most interesting is its function as a bridge between two paradigms, really two distinct generations, Boomers and Millennials.
Jedi offers a rather bold reinvention and expansion of what the Star Wars universe is capable of.
That's when the film offers moments... that go from euphoria to sadness, from fear to uncertainty, and from incredulity to the unexpected; moments that will surely be established as some of the best in the entire franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
Considering that the franchise returns to Abrams in the next installment, surely the producers will ask for neatness and solemnity ... for old times sake. [Full review in Spanish]
I wish it were a much better movie than this one. [Full review in Spanish]
The Last Jedi has been favourably compared to The Empire Strikes Back and while there's some truth to that, they're very different films. Yes, it's dark but it's the moments of light that you'll remember.
I know I'm in the minority here, but director Rian Johnson's follow-up to The Force Awakens felt overstuffed and incredibly disjointed; a collection of uncorrelated rah-rah scenes and little else.
Writer-director Rian Johnson repeatedly shows an inability to build to moments. His screenplay's biggest beats come off as self-defeating and lifeless.
What's most interesting to me about The Last Jedi is Luke's return as the mentor rather than the student, grappling with his failure in this new role, and later aspiring to be the wise and patient teacher.
They ticked off all the boxes except the one marked "Jar Jar Binks." You are very old if you needed to see all these characters again.
A fantastic sequel...
With a script by director Johnson, "The Last Jedi" is a mash-up of many different stories, but all with the same main plot line; good versus evil.
If you can accept the excess, the weird humour, the entirely inessential subplot, and the fact that it could stand to end a scene earlier, then the series will continue to thrive in a galaxy far, far away.
Where Abrams left us eager for more, Johnson leaves us sated and willing to wait a couple of years for the next episode. Still, there's plenty of fun to be had, and the series faithful won't be disappointed.
The Last Jedi tackles the bigger questions that the morally sure previous entries did not.
It is the best and most innovative Star Wars film to come along in a long time and you would think that this would inspire celebration in the streets among longtime fans of the franchise.
Hamill and Fisher, who give "The Last Jedi" its emotional depth, are joined by Adam Driver, who once again shows himself to be one of the most skillful young actors of his generation.
"The Last Jedi" is not a crude predictable entry to the series; Rian Johnson has delivered a luminous spark that's left the future of the franchise looking bright.
... the director manages to raise a moving monument to something as brilliant and even corny as the possibility of a shared dream. [Full review in Spanish]
Digressive rather than progressive, The Last Jedi fails to develop the new, exciting and complex characters we met in The Force Awakens.
Abrams gave us the gentle re-introduction we needed, and it paved the way for writer and director Rian Johnson to take the story in strange new directions.
Luke Skywalker rules all in this movie, but there's a lot of stuff that doesn't work.
Although not worse than the prequels for me, The Last Jedi is its own special kind of meh that demonstrates Disney doesn't have the guts to do this franchise any justice.
Over-funded, bloated, self-important and virtually immobile, The Last Jedi bears more than a passing resemblance to Jabba the Hutt.
This movie feels like a TIE fighter on the fritz, spinning in circles as it fires off one light-show after another.
Here, [Mark] Hamill turns in his best performance, giving the character a depth and complexity that wasn't as evident in the original trilogy.
With Johnson at the helm, the torch-along with the lightsaber-is safely passed to a new generation.
the most interesting people are no longer related to Darth Vader
While a good Star Wars film, this was not the best. With issues across the board (technical, character and plot), The Last Jedi does leave much to be desired.
Undoubtedly, Johnson is able to make some notable moments... [Full review in Spanish]
There's a sense of closure. Which makes The Last Jedi an incredibly cathartic experience.
It's nice that the Rebellion is no longer defined by suicide attacks and The Force no longer a matter of hereditary title.
Rian Johnson leavens political high seriousness and fan-service tear-jerking with enough charm and humour to prevent The Last Jedi becoming the biggest downer ever delivered at Christmas by the Walt Disney Company.
More good things and fewer bad things happen in this movie than in any of the three prequels, but the film is hellbent on presenting its good things in the worst possible light.
What The Last Jedi does so well over its two-hour, 32-minute thrill-ride is start to escape the gravitational pull of orbiting the same Skywalker family squabbles on the big screen for 40 years.
Here's the first 'Star Wars' movie since 'Empire' that you don't have to make excuses for enjoying.
Upends expectations, demythologizes the mythos, and takes an iconic series in a bold new direction with a story full of humor, courage, and dazzling imagery.
... The Last Jedi moves in an interesting range of grays, sacrificing part of the ingenuity and regal values ​​of yesteryear for the despair and bitterness of the times. [Full review in Spanish]
An excellent balance is created between telling us a new and interesting story...and having good action scenes. [Full Review in Spanish]
The force is strong with Rian Johnson, who delivers de most exciting, risky, adult and entertaining Star Wars movie since, well, you know which one. [Full review in Spanish]
A thing of beauty and work of art about which the loudest grumblers likely expected the most conventional developments - lost in Reddit rabbit holes and clickbait in which creatives graciously fielded insistent questions about parents or provenances.
Each of these characters finds a surprising connection to others, derailing plans and sending each person on an unexpected journey. The way Johnson orchestrates all of this is remarkable because it's both coherent and compelling.
The Last Jedi is a grand step forward, one that we can only hope will light the way for the franchise's future.
With Star Wars: The Last Jedi, writer-director Rian Johnson takes the Star Wars saga into uncharted territory, with exciting results.
Its scattered pacing and tangled subplots doesn't make THE LAST JEDI a failure, but neither is it a celebration - or more importantly, an elevation - of anything other than the legacies of the late Carrie Fisher, and justly revered Mark Hamill
In The Last Jedi, movie magic has been replaced by hocus pocus. Or perhaps even mumbo jumbo -- never has the eastern-western pop psychology of the franchise rung so hollow.
The Last Jedi is good, in parts very good but not as good as The Force Awakens. It's too long but not tedious, it's often funny and full of action.
From the seemingly infinite number of universes in which The Last Jedi was a bad film, or even just an OK one, Johnson has found his way to the one universe in which it is a good, occasionally first-rate one.
For those of us who were there at the start, there's one thing that makes The Last Jedi unmissable: Carrie Fisher. Go and see it for her.
This chapter relies so much on its call-backs and references that it all feels a little bit too safe. But still a damn fine movie, pushing the story forward in style.
The Last Jedi should be the last Jedi. My interest died along with Hans Solo who took with him that cowboys in space humor that made the franchise so special.
As the third act approaches, the crescendo of air-punching interludes accelerates, eliciting gasps, cheers and OMG whoops from an audience whom Johnson treats with respect, affection, and evident admiration.
It's a bold and challenging work -- exactly what we would expect from the auteur of Brick and Looper. In the debit column, it's also a tad bloated.
Rian Johnson has delivered arguably the best Star Wars ever, or at least certainly the most fun.
With The Last Jedi, there's a welcome return of hope for the Sequel Trilogy.
not the best entry in the Star Wars franchise, but parts of it rank at the very top
Johnson infuses the proceedings with the same sense of wisecracking fun that made the original (now known as EPISODE IV: A NEW HOPE) so irresistible, while also ambitiously expanding on the mythos.
Events fans dreamed of happening unfold differently than imagined, and that bit of reality highlights what's really going on here: Star Wars is pushing out of its comfort zone.
Rian Johnson's spectacular expansion of George Lucas' galactic adventure franchise is everything you want it to be - and more. What a great holiday gift for moviegoers! May the Force Be With You...
At a point where the ever-extendable Star Wars franchise looked at risk of relying too much on its own legacy and table of cliches along comes The Last Jedi to push the saga into fresh, delightfully dangerous new territory.
Its nostalgia works well. Mark Hamill returns as Luke Skywalker and the late Carrie Fisher is again in her signature role of Leia Organa.
The Last Jedi brings to the audience something much more complicated for a movie to cause than tears: chills. [Full review in Portuguese.]
What serves filmmaker Johnson well is his willingness to take more risks within classic elements than Abrams may have been able to. The real measure of the success of a film in a franchise of this stature is whether or not it ignites the imagination.
While The Last Jedi may not receive top marks for originality, the eighth official entry in the Star Wars saga is still one of the most entertaining blockbusters of the year...
... if all you want to know is can you go in expecting a good film, the answer is yes. A resounding yes!
Star Wars: The Last Jedi successfully combines the thrill-a-minute fun that's always been part of the saga with a fresh spin on the light/dark theme embedded into the epic tale's DNA.
With every super-spoilable turn, 'The Last Jedi' anticipates backlash, and asks longtime devotees to look inward.
This delightful if overlong film has so many arcs and subplots that you'll find yourself parsing them later... not because they don't work, but because the film packs so many scenes that reward closer-than-normal observation.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is a spirited continuation - sometimes spectacular, often humorous - of the never-ending space saga.
With The Last Jedi, Rian Johnson's done to the Star Wars franchise what Joss Whedon had done for Marvel with The Avengers. Disney and Lucasfilm have another solid franchise base in the offing now.
These are small choices, but important ones. The kind that make us care. The kind that make us ask, Who hurt you? Kylo Ren may be a boy at heart, but he's a villain in full.
With The Last Jedi, Johnson finds that sweet spot of reverentially seeing out the old to firmly make way for a new, perhaps final, space odyssey.
Hope for generational change, the power of any single, small, nameless dreamer, who may yet know a world not manipulated by gunrunners, moneychangers, the venal and power-mad. Forces against The Force. The sky is filled with more stars than we know.
Fanatics will love it; for the rest of us, it's a tolerably good time.
There are more genuine laughs and emotional resonance here than any of the movies have managed since 'Empire' ... But does it have even a fraction of the weird cross-genre spark that animated the original trilogy? Not at all.
With deft direction by Johnson and his script that has its ominous and mythical moments but never quite feels over-the-top or silly, this features strong work from Hamill, Ridley, Driver and Boyega.
A poignant farewell to Carrie Fisher. With dynamite women leading the action on all fronts, The Last Jedi is a fitting tribute to her legacy.
Even if real fanboys are not pleased with some of the revelations (and, perhaps, not all should be believed), the major impact of The Force will go a long way in keeping everyone relatively happy.
When the salt settles, we are left with neither triumph nor tragedy; instead, it's one more chapter in the continuing saga, punctuated by a few moments of genuine awe.
The battle that inaugurates The Last Jedi is now and in the eyes of a lonely child, the ray of light in the sky that awakens his imagination. [Full review in Spanish]
Arguably the most beautifully directed film of the series so far. About as good as it gets for four-quadrant, tent-pole film-making. Wonderful.
The Last Jedi is awe-inspiring and poignant. Expect to be riveted, despite its runtime of two-and-a-half hours.
Overall, Star Wars: The Last Jedi is an engaging mesh of new and old threads of past and present Star Wars narratives coming together to make a cohesive and exciting film.
It's all watchable to those of us in the Skeptics Tribe. I tacked on an extra half star to the star rating for this solely because of my outsized affection for a glorious section in the middle that I enjoyed as I have few other Star Wars side journeys.
Sci-fi violence, strong female characters in thrilling epic.
[Rian] Johnson's miscue has posed a disquieting question: Are these filmmakers authors or fans?
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is a muddled movie that has some incredibly high points and beautiful scenes... [but] also contains a lot of distracting filler.
It's a Rian Johnson film through and through, which is why it feels like a breath of fresh air. [Full Review in Spanish]
There are also quite a few new creatures, among them various icicle dogs, turtle-face monks, and some impossibly cute thingies called Porgs, which look as if they nest in gift shops at night.
However, as much time and energy has been devoted to the goings on of Rey, Ren, and their various friends and enemies, try as the film might, it doesn't generate much in the way of genuine interest in these characters.
The film is a relentless crowd-pleaser that has as much in common with a pedigreed art film as it does a traditional action blowout.
The characters, like the movie, take what they need from the past, leave the rest behind, and forge ahead into unexpected and exciting new terrain.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is a visual spectacle that expands our understanding of the Force and how it shapes a "galaxy far, far away," adding to the mythology and lore of this franchise.
Just like The Empire Strikes Back set the benchmark for the "orig trij", The Last Jedi does the same for the sequel trilogy.
Johnson - like George Lucas before him - has an eye for capturing epic moments that simultaneously feel effortless and throwaway.
In short it is a dynamic, action-packed addition to the 40-year-old series that no self-respecting fan will want to miss.
Remixing the structure of the originals with the aesthetics of the prequels.
Rian Johnson's film is the real deal, a bold, risky venture unafraid to tell its own story, freed from the weight of nostalgia and formula.
A profound spiritual experience.
The Last Jedi represents a triumph for the series and will make you forget Jar Jar Binks ever existed.
Johnson ends the film with the rebel forces on the defensive and with their resources mostly spent. Yet he offers a sliver of hope - there's that word again - as he assures us, when the screen fades to dark, that brighter days are ahead.
Demonstrates an understanding of the Star Wars universe and its appeal, while also taking it into wonderful new directions
"Star Wars: The Last Jedi" reminds us all over again why this franchise is so beloved.
I can say that the film is visually spectacular, with another superb soundtrack from John Williams, and mostly well cast.
Johnson is easily the most skilled filmmaker to helm one of these (it's not even close) and it's not just that the film has a surface beauty of its own. He's aware of what we expect narratively from a 'Star Wars' movie, and delights in subverting it.
But the biggest thing this eighth chapter does is change where things go next in a fundamental way.
Armed with intelligent dialogue, fully dimensional characters, and the requisite wowie-zowie audio-visual effects, the Rian Johnson-Walt Disney Pictures-Lucasfilm-Ram Bergman Productions of Star Wars: The Last Jedi is pretty darned good.
The Star Wars franchise is in good hands with writer-director Rian Johnson, who delivers an enthralling, often funny and at times achingly beautiful galactic adventure in The Last Jedi.
By being easily the most unconventional film in the octet, The Last Jedi underscores exactly what Star Wars was always about. Hope. We need it now more than ever.
It's easy to forget the original movie was a terrifically bold, innovative, industry-realigning blockbuster. Lucas dreamed big and took massive risks. In that sense, The Last Jedi could not be more different to the Star Wars created four decades ago.
Writer and director Rian Johnson will surprise you with new story possibilities, new emotions, new visuals to feast your eyes on.
... plenty of twists, turns and pleasant surprises to hold an audience rapt over the two-and-a-half-hour running time.
The Last Jedi is the best Star Wars film since 1980's The Empire Strikes Back because it's so much more than stars and wars. It's those stories, joys, and pains of the heroes, villains, and nobodies who lived it.
In practically every frame, writer-director Rian Johnson conveys how much fun it is to do this stuff.
an entertaining, engaging ride, and it's all thanks to having a true filmmaker behind the lens
Rian Johnson understands how to balance the strengths of the franchise, which is simultaneously a fun action-comedy for kids, and a decades-long epic with meaty philosophical themes.
Whew! ... The Last Jedi thankfully returns to the tone of fun, adventure, and especially camaraderie that J.J. Abrams established so well in The Force Awakens.
[Johnson] clearly knows the material well enough to give us exactly what we expect, and he loves it enough to take it into new territory.
Moving on from previous glories to start anew furnishes greater moments for the characters than the story, but it adds to a movie that's thoughtful, emotional and contemplative.
If the previous entry presented a respectably staid melding of old and new, this one wires everything up, cranks the juice, and lets her rip.
There is a thrilling space opera somewhere in Star Wars: The Last Jedi, if only it could rise above the echoes of its original mythology.
Epic, fun, visually sumptuous, it will tug at your heart strings because we come to know the characters across several episodes and we root for them when we recognise our own emotional responses in theirs.
The Last Jedi is not a film for the faint of heart. But courage, a sense of wonder, a resounding faith in the strength of love, and a healthy dose of hope will take you far.
Rian Johnson's wildly fun and thoughtful entry into the Star Wars canon finds its heroes at a precarious turning point.
The movie's richness invites more than one viewing.
The Last Jedi continues that transition in a way that will gratify those who were around for the beginning of the series. In other words, let the space exploration continue.
Certainly J.J. Abrams' 2015 "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" was more than satisfying, but Johnson steps it up several notches, digging deeper into characters, and even adding nuance to the "Star Wars" mythos.
Even with the warts, Star Wars: The Last Jedi feels like a big, dazzling holiday present most Star Wars fans should be able to tear into and enjoy.
The Last Jedi is built on a series of oppositions relative to one of the best known films ever made. It's the prisoner of its middle chapter predecessor.
The Last Jedi is a sample of what Disney intends to do with this franchise, turning it into a product full of cliches, empty plots, forgettable villains, [and] one-dimensional characters. [Full Review in Spanish]
In a world bursting with flashy popcorn movies, there's still nothing quite like a "Star Wars" flick.
The Last Jedi probably does the best job of any Star Wars film of capturing the allure of the Dark Side and the spiritual turmoil that would lead to-and also result from-its embrace.
Nothing less than the smartest, most nuanced, most ambitious Star Wars film ever made.
Sporadically thrilling, but overlong, exhausting, tonally uneven, and often dull.
Johnson works in the somewhat limited palette that is Star Wars, but this middle chapter in the new trilogy also starts to break out in ways that should excite fans at the prospect of what's to come.
With the passage of time, The Last Jedi may rise again as a necessary film, essential between one and another of the saga. [Full review in Spanish]
The forceful 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' is a cinematic triumph.
Simply put, if you love or even just enjoy the "SW" universe and its various trappings, you're going to, at a minimum, find this one to your liking. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, etc. - also Available)
Nothing in "The Last Jedi" is allowed to be mundane, including the places the filmmakers take the story.
But these are minor quibbles compared to the depth, wonder, and sense of heroism that The Last Jedi brings back.
In the end, "The Last Jedi" delivers everything you would want from a "Star Wars" movie, something that's become both a blessing and a curse.
There are twists you won't see coming and just when you think you've figured everything out, Rian Johnson pulls a rabbit out of his hat.
"Star Wars: The Last Jedi" could very well be the definite evolution of the series yet.
Rian Johnson, writer and director of this film, took my Star Wars reveries and served them back to me with vast improvements.
Has fresh story beats and new ideas ... Yet as the complicated, messy plot unfolds, the lack of a larger vision in this new trilogy becomes more glaring.
Rian Johnson's middle chapter in the current Star Wars trilogy is the epic you've been looking for. Capped by Mark Hamill in the performance of his career, it points the way ahead to a next generation of skywalkers - and, thrillingly, to a new hope.
The true star is Mark Hamill, giving the performance of his career as the anguished, isolated, tortured former Jedi Master. His scenes are worth the ticket price alone.
Muddled by bombast, but it finds significance in the art of failure as a means to an end for a new beginning (again) for Star Wars.
The dialogue is peppered with droll admissions and Star Wars-savvy sarcasm, which helps to prick the heroic sweep so common to these trilogies.
Where J.J. Abrams sought to give this new trilogy a firm but predictable foundation to build upon, Rian Johnson's The Last Jedi is a risk-taker. This is to be applauded absolutely.
Unjustifiably long and with misplaced humour throughout, The Last Jedi nonetheless delivers some scintillating action, spine-tingling lore and a loving farewell to Fisher.
Goes in bold new directions while delivering familiarity. Written and directed with thoughtfulness and visual flair.
Movies should be better than those we could imagine up on our own. Rian Johnson knows what we want to see, and shows it to us in ways we couldn't have envisioned without him.
By now, the franchise is mainly about giving the audience more of what it's already given it, and the gifted writer-director Rian Johnson (Looper) delivers just that...
...a great Star Wars film, one that honours the traditions of the franchise but boldly pushes the envelope in terms of thematic complexity and emotional tone...
The Last Jedi deserves nothing but acclaim, and Johnson, an incredibly adept director, deserves to be handed as many future Star Wars films as he can manage.
Lucas Hit the Jackpot!
A reboot of Empire Strikes Back, Star Wars: The Last Jedi is overlong, heavy-handed and fun if mostly uninspired.
Older characters pass the baton to a new, female-centric generation led by the outstanding Daisy Ridley, the new face now a confident actress with great screen charisma.
Rian Johnson has made a Star Wars movie that features so many great additions to canon and mythological intrigue that will have fans buzzing for years.
The perfectly paced new entry to our galaxy far, far away features so many new Star Wars moments to love...a journey full of classic hallmarks and new additions that maintains a balance of lighthearted fun, intense action and deep emotion.
The Last Jedi is everything a Star Wars film should be, and so much more. Johnson weaves an emotionally rewarding tale while balancing all the essential sci-fi action expected.
For Star Wars aficionados, this entry is one of the most galvanizing, from beginning to end. What an Odyssey.
What's most thrilling about The Last Jedi is Johnson's seamless blending of old and new Star Wars lore.
Star Wars fans old and new are guaranteed to have an absolute blast.
The Last Jedi suffers from occasional inconsistencies in character and plot, but these quibbles are easily absorbed into the impressively vast and colorful canvas that Johnson paints with such passion and empathy.
Thankfully The Last Jedi won't be the last Jedi movie, but it should be your next.
Fisher would be proud of Episode VIII, an injection of freshness into a series always only one movie away from staidness -- such is the scrutiny of something as loaded as Star Wars.
The force is still strong with this one. It just takes the occasional wobble.
For all the complexity of the sub-plots, the storyline is reassuringly familiar.
Big space battles are one thing, but there are smaller action setpieces here that can only be described as beautiful.
Carrie Fisher, in her final Star Wars performance, is the heart and soul of the film, stealing scenes with ease and on more than one occasion bringing lumps to the throat.
There's a refreshing gender balance among the key characters. Laura Dern's Vice Admiral Holdo may be dressed more for the opera but don't be fooled, kids.
Bottom line: "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" may not be the best installment in the now 40-year-old franchise, but it packs enough action and surprises to keep fans happy through the Christmas season and beyond.
[Daisy] Ridley already proved herself a worthy addition to the Star Wars fold and does nothing here to convince us that we weren't right to welcome her for what evidently will be a long run.
The series feels like it is truly moving forward for the first time in decades, and that future now looks more promising.
It's full of moments both thrilling and poignant, with anticipated reunions and goodbyes, and pulse-pounding action.
While The Last Jedi acknowledges the inevitable comparisons to [The Empire Strikes Back] by setting up some similar scenarios, it then does original and surprising things with those moments.
Entertains as comfort food in filmic form, but this is an altogether slighter experience than the spectacular one "The Force Awakens" provided. This is a fine film in spite of its many issues, easily recommendable to fans.
The last act overcomes a sluggish middle and is as thrilling as this franchise ever gets.
The Last Jedi delivers the all-too-rare thrill of a huge popcorn movie that respects the intelligence of its audience, while also serving up plenty of moments designed to make them lose their damn minds.
It's a compelling feature for the most part, but it's too obsessed with surprises, often sacrificing stability just to rattle fans.
Gorgeous cinematography, solid performances & one of the best scenes in Star Wars history. Though, it has issues incl. unnecessary comedy that affects tone. Liked but didn't love.
Regardless of the jokes and explicit exposition, there was enough real emotion to make me care. Given the absolute ridiculousness of what happens in this unapologetic space soap opera, making me feel anything at all is an undeniable measure of success.
...a bit of a placeholder.
So much movie, I think my engorged eyeballs had to stick a finger down their throats and vomit out a couple of epic battle scenes just so they could get through the finale.
The Last Jedi is an epic to inspire, an adventure that truly carries you to a galaxy far, far away, and will hold in your heart as all the best stories do.
[The Last Jedi] features some of the best drama, comedy and action of the whole series, as well as more visual invention than ever. [Full review in French]
The Last Jedi repeatedly goes against your every instinct, takes your emotions for a roller coaster, and takes the characters we know in directions that will blow your mind.
Director/screenwriter Rian Johnson has truly delivered the galaxy goods on this event-the second installment of the sequel trilogy.
[Johnson] does his best work in The Last Jedi when he stops trying for narrative complexity and just stages some cool outer-space action.
It arrives at a very dark moment indeed, and yet like the movies that preceded it, it speaks very powerfully to where we're at right now.
There's a sense that Johnson is giving busy-work to certain characters while others are catching up. The Last Jedi is a great 105-minute movie stretched too thin.
[Rian Johnson] achieves what no one else has since The Empire Strikes Back: a fusion of junkyard genre parts and passion.
On the whole, this is a great step forward for the franchise - it's deeper, it's darker and it has porgs.
Nothing can prepare you for what Star Wars: The Last Jedi delivers and that's exactly what makes so damn near perfect.
While I have laughed at times during previous "Star Wars" movies, I did not expect to do so as quickly as "The Last Jedi" made me.
[Rain] Johnson crafts an entertaining, swashbuckling flick in the series' eighth film. It possesses the whimsy, the heart and light sabers necessary for reverence in the Star Wars canon.
This is a movie not only for Star Wars fans but also for fans of losing themselves in, and falling in love with, blockbuster movies. That's a feeling most Hollywood movies have forgotten-and The Last Jedi is here to make us remember it.
While familiar, this is a Star Wars film that isn't overly beholden to its past, playing with the tropes, themes, and characters of its predecessors in a way that is both unsettling but necessary.
[Director Rian Johnson's] movie has a sense of humor about itself and a sense of joy, but its emotional generosity, even in the midst of all the extravagant green-screen work, is its best special effect.
The spectacles in Star Wars: The Last Jedi are some of the most powerful and believable in the franchises.
Have we ever had a relaunch followed immediately by a reboot?
Star Wars: The Last Jedi launches the franchise to another level of action and humor thanks to incoming writer-director Rian Johnson, whose imagination seems boundless as George Lucas' 40 years ago.
You don't have to be a Star Wars fan to love this addition to the canon (heck, it works even if you haven't seen any of the other movies).
In short, it feels like a new hope.
Johnson has delivered the goods: a film that isn't afraid to be ambitious, that delights and dazzles in equal measure, while providing a worthwhile emotional investment. It is a crowd-pleaser that will be wholeheartedly embraced by fans.
It soars and sinks, shrewdly building on franchise lore while scoring cheap shots against capitalism. Frustrating it is, hmmm?
As indebted to the previous installments and "Star Wars" canon as it is to classic Westerns, sword-and-sandal epics and martial arts films.... it's the blend of reverence for its roots and embrace of the new that makes "The Last Jedi" a triumph.
A stunning black, white, and red color pallette, thrilling adventure, appealing new characters, worthy developments for old friends and a cause to root for.
Star Wars fans, your sky high expectations are rewarded. Rian Johnson takes the fabled lore from a galaxy far away into uncharted territory. He will have you spellbound.
The movie comes off as a work that's ironed out, flattened down, appallingly purified.
Rian Johnson clearly remembers something that Lucas' most fervent followers sometimes forget: These are movies for the young, or at least the young at heart.
The Last Jedi is that very rare thing, a brilliantly crafted, intelligent blockbuster that will deserve every penny of its doubtless immense box-office returns.
Efficiently manufactured and enjoyable enough but overloaded with action and effects, and sorely lacking the magic that marked the first movies in the franchise.
The Last Jedi boasts many very good performances, ones that enrich the characters and which salute writer/director Johnson's ability to find the humanity within technology, something he proved early on with his artful time-travel thriller Looper.
A blockbuster with the beating heart of its creator worn proudly on its sleeve.
[G]ets off to a bit of an uneven start, but finds its footing eventually... not the best of the series, and not the best of the new films, but it's still a worthwhile entry in the continuing saga...
A spectacular, full-throttle joyride of thrills, exhilarating, screen-filling visuals, emotional heft and humor, with familiar characters and new faces we'll almost certainly be seeing again.
The Last Jedi may not be a flawless film but continues to push the story forward. The film has a lot going for it and Rian Johnson seems to understand exactly what Star Wars fans are looking for.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi builds upon Star Wars history for a more expansive, high-stakes adventure with plenty of fresh - and classic - elements.
Without giving away any surprises, there will be endearing reunions, unexpected appearances and outcomes... [Full review in Spanish]
There's a trick to taking something old and making it bigger and more impressive, yet familiar enough to sate our desire for the same. With Last Jedi, Johnson pulls it off assuredly enough to please nearly everybody.
The Last Jedi, however, opens up some new possibilities. It doesn't provide a ton of satisfying answers, but it creates some interesting questions. And it manages to make "Star Wars" feel new again.
Perhaps like no film in the franchise yet, 'The Last Jedi' seriously considers the hubris that comes with certainty, and how knots from the past that can keep you bound from moving forward.
Disney found a true "Star Wars" champion in Johnson and I'm eager to see what he does when he's able to craft the next trilogy from scratch.
"The Last Jedi" may not possess its immediate predecessors' pleasant shock of the new, nor is it a stylistic detour from what's expected. But it makes up for this with wit, spirit and one wicked saber smackdown.
It's a film of genuine beauty, one where you come away as eager to talk about the set design and the choreography as you do the fate of the galaxy or what might happen next.
"The Last Jedi" is a rousing, stirring adventure that is consistently guided by the courage and fallibility of its characters, culminating in a sustained, riveting finale that overpowers any quibbles about pacing and plotting.
This film climbs well beyond nerd-approved material, carrying us into a changed future without insulting Lucasfilms' holy writ.
[Johnson's]often-stirring addition to the saga finally lands on an affecting point about the importance of preserving essential cultural tradition without clinging too strictly to the dogma -- and the texts -- of the old way.
Fans can expect plenty of surprises and awe-inspiring visual wizardry.
While the central story concept of THE LAST JEDI, Luke's Dharmic apotheosis and Rey's Gnostic enlightenment, is a brilliant one, it's hounded by lopsided execution and a ham-fisted subplot...
After this - I never thought I'd say it - I'm up for more. Bring on the next Star Wars.
The first half of the movie works in fits and starts, but Johnson makes up for it in the second, when the bundle of subplots intertwine tighter, and the narrative rockets forward, its action fleet of foot and tightly tied to its emotional highs.
Everything a fan could want from a Star Wars film and then some.
[Rian] Johnson's passion ends up giving wings to these last Jedi who, although wounded and disenchanted, resist stronger than ever. [Full Review in Spanish]
While there are elements nodding to The Empire Strikes Back, The Last Jedi is no copycat. In its most daring moments, it even tweaks a few series tropes, updating them with a decidedly populist kick.
Writer-director Rian Johnson has certainly made the busiest Star Wars film of them all, but he keeps it from becoming a slog by infusing it with humor, verve, and visual charm.
Splits its attentions between two threads, but only half delivers spectacularly with heart, thrills, and some truly beautiful story beats while the other limps through space.
Every moment where The Last Jedi almost takes a bold risk for the series, it undermines itself to maintain the status quo.
"The Last Jedi" has as much heart as it has guts and that's a stirring combination. You walk out of the cinema reminded why it's sometimes worth fighting a battle you may well lose.
Rian Johnson's main feat is being savvy enough to know that sometimes the best thing to do is cherishing the past before burning it to the ground.
But gradually, Johnson's many additions become too much of a good thing and The Last Jedi grows crowded, busy and long.
So many elements in Episode VIII are recycled that it could have been called Rerun of the Jedi.
Last Jedi is deep. It's also rollicking. It's right up there with the very first Star Wars in terms of its enjoyability factor. It's a triumph.
When everything pulls in the same direction, as it does consistently in "The Last Jedi," it's like watching a mind-boggling clockwork click into a deft ballet.
That said, I'd stop short of calling director Rian Johnson's undeniably impressive initiation into the Star Wars fold the masterpiece that some desperately want it to be. The film simply drags too much in the middle.
You cannot kill the past. What you can do is build on it to enable an intriguing future. At the very least, The Last Jedi does that.
[Carrie Fisher] is luminous here. Every time she's on screen, it's impossible to look away, and she is as tough, loving, and wily as we would ever want our Leia to be.
The emotional pay-offs are huge, the visuals are stunning, the performances are brilliant and, even as it eagerly explores the darkness, The Last Jedi never loses sight of its heart.
"The Last Jedi" is the best directed, most beautiful-looking "Star Wars" movie since "The Empire Strikes Back."
'The Last Jedi' walks a fine line for fans, creating a solid standalone film that shines within the franchise canon.
It feels fresh, exciting and playful, without losing the operatic grandeur Star Wars thrives upon.
If Star Wars: The Last Jedi isn't a complete deconstruction of the original trilogy, it's at least an acknowledgement that these archetypical characters must evolve in order to survive.
It's not a perfect movie by any means; some of the comedy is a little too silly and one or two of the plot threads feel a bit less important than the others, but these quibbles were minor when compared to the parts that work. Those REALLY work.
The Last Jedi at its heart is a love letter to a childhood. From Luke's sly wink to an old friend to General Leia's leadership, the familiar heroes dominate the screen, earn the biggest applause and serve as a compass to the next generation.
The Last Jedi opens up with one of the best space fights the series has seen, and it carries that quality throughout. It has one of the best light saber fights, one of the best endings, and some of the most fun the series has seen.
It provides top-drawer popcorn entertainment for the casual cinema goer, while hardcore fans will love it for the respect it has for the franchise history and for what it promises for the future.
My favorite among the new castmembers is Laura Dern as Leia's Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo, a poker player of near-Vulcan inscrutability.
This is a GREAT Star Wars movie, possibly the best. It's certainly more satisfying and easily the most emotional.
Falsely epic, uselessly lyrical. [Full Review in Spanish]
This mid-section marker in the current trilogy simply doesn't disappoint, realising the courage of its convictions with an intelligent story and a heart-swelling emotional resonance.
The Last Jedi is a top-of-the-line, A-plus Star Wars and scifi movie -- one that we'll be watching and discussing for as long as there's a galaxy far, far away.
The movie suffers a little from uneven pacing and occasionally lost my focus here and there but it is a worthy addition to the canon.
The Last Jedi is not just a bold, fresh and humorous new addition to the franchise -- it's the one that will change it forever.
Mark Hamill has never been better in his interpretation of Luke Skywalker. [Full Review in Spanish]
An excellent middle chapter bursting with wit, wisdom, emotion, shocks, old-fashioned derring-do, state-of-the-art tech, and stonking set-pieces.
When the feelings come in The Last Jedi, and they do come, they're deep and they're real. Go ahead and try to watch the penultimate scene without crying, or pretending not to. And may the Force be with you.
It took them 40 years, but they've finally done it. The best Star Wars film of the series. There. That's it. It's that simple.
It supplies us with all the things we expect - nay, demand - in a Star Wars movie, and manages to surprise us by revealing that this fictional universe, in which we've already clocked so many hours, can still surprise us.
The future of the galaxy has never been in safer hands.
Propped up by strong material, every member of the Star Wars: The Last Jedi cast delivers performances worthy of the iconic franchise, but deserving special mention is Mark Hamill.
It certainly captures the sense of awe and imagination of what we love best about that universe. While it's not entirely without faults, it is entirely entertaining.
Star Wars has been with us for four decades now, telling that same essential story in a format that's overwhelming and engulfing. With wit, skill, and love, The Last Jedi takes up the torch and carries it for a new generation.
By breaking down some of the old mythology, [Rian] Johnson has staked out new territory. For the first time in a long time, a "Star Wars" film feels forward-moving.
The Last Jedi works on several levels, but most importantly it's a rip-roaring good time. That's what Star Wars fans want the most, and that's what they get with this dynamite installment.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the perfect antidote to the year that is 2017 and introduces the tonic for what we need to enter 2018: hope.
Sure, The Last Jedi can occasionally be too goofy or free-roaming for its own good, but it's an impossible film to sit in front of and not have a good time.
Time and again, [Rian] Johnson finds a cinematic grammar that feels new to Star Wars; big close-ups (tender touching hands), top shots, elegant camera tracks and pulling out in-world sound, leaving just music and image.
The Last Jedi is funny, it's emotional, it's fast-paced and it has a good story to tell.
... The Last Jedi challenges itself with moments that, if mishandled, could easily have tainted beloved Star Wars moments in the same way that many people feel the prequel trilogy did. Instead, it navigates those narrative rapids with aplomb.
[Rian] Johnson's ability to deliver a fresh and engaging riff on this beast of an enterprise suggests that not every free-spirited storyteller can be corrupted by Hollywood's dark side, and some may even give it a new hope.
Taken as a whole, this eighth episode of the franchise will be porgnip for the faithful, though the answer to one of its Big Questions seems disappointing, and generously entertaining for the rest of us.
The Last Jedi is the best Star Wars film since The Empire Strikes Back, and is awful close to being its equal.
You don't see many sci-fi action extravaganzas that are about late middle-aged disappointment, about wondering what it's all about and whether any of it was worth it. It's this element that gives "The Last Jedi" an extra something ...
A nuanced, touching, humorous adventure, laced with thrilling space battles and some jaw-dropping visuals.
The Johnson and Abrams movies live dutifully in the universe of the original George Lucas trilogy - after the Phantom Menace trilogy debacle, it's what fans claim they wanted.
The Last Jedi mounts some genuinely startling narrative twists and feints, while charting an onward course for the franchise that has you itching to discover what comes next.
The Force is, to me, still silly Star Wars mumbo jumbo, but Johnson finds a way to underscore it with humanity, with a classical Greek rumble of true pathos.
The Last Jedi, unlike its predecessor, has the freedom to be daring, and perhaps the most thrilling thing about it-and there are many, many thrilling things-is how abundantly it takes advantage of that freedom.
I lost count of the jaw-dropping moments The Last Jedi presents, and it's a movie I can't wait to revisit.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi makes for an inventive nail-biter of a chapter in the franchise's long run.
Everything is respected, but nothing is sacred. It's a sweeping gut-punch. How it deals with our own hopes and dreams for these characters, and how deep it cuts into existential concerns that drive us all - its effects will run around in the mind.
A fresh visual style makes this middle "Star Wars" a welcome addition to the saga.
No matter how many exotic creatures & internecine struggles that galaxy far away may accommodate, it is a remarkably closed system, reechoing the same themes across the ages, & preferring regression & eternal return to anything like real progress.
Every new Star Wars movie since Disney bought Lucasfilm has been heralded as the first worthy successor to the Original Trilogy, but with The Last Jedi it's finally true.
I really enjoyed spunky, relatable Rose, and I held my breath every time she raced into danger.
The Last Jedi, written and directed by the gifted indie auteur Rian Johnson, nails the balance of novelty and nostalgia in much more satisfying fashion.
No one could mistake The Last Jedi for an outstanding contribution to cinema, or even to escapism, but it has its attractions.
[Director Rian Johnson] doesn't radically reinvent Star Wars... But he does dig into the impulses behind the new trilogy's younger characters, cracking them open and examining their psychology in a way Star Wars rarely has.
This is grand powerful entertainment, and one of the finest films in the Star Wars Saga.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the quintessential Star Wars movie. It embraces everything in the franchise that came before while taking big risks to push the story into new and unexpected places.
This is an emotional ride all right, an incident-packed epic that introduces new characters, reacquaints us with old friends, answers some questions and raises some more.
Watching The Last Jedi is a conversation with your younger self.
The Last Jedi is a very satisfying entry into the Star Wars Saga with some fantastic, jaw-dropping moments.
That's not to say Star Wars: The Last Jedi will go down in history as a better movie than the franchise's gold standard, The Empire Strikes Back, but director Rian Johnson has pulled off a complete rejuvenation of the saga.
'The Last Jedi' is not a great movie because it's a 'Star Wars' film. It reasserts 'Star Wars' as a top-tier blockbuster franchise by being a great movie.
Writer/director Rian Johnson's entry into the Star Wars canon is rebelliously bold at times and full of rousing surprises, which make up for a few lulls in the lengthy two-and-a-half-hour run time.
A more complicated visit to a galaxy far far away, one that manages to be a great stand-alone adventure in its own right.
The Last Jedi provides a resoundingly positive answer to an old smuggler's long-ago query: "Let's see what this piece of junk can do."
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the greatest Star Wars film since The Empire Strikes Back
[The film] not only delivers everything fans could want from the sequel but also gives them a whole load of other stuff they never knew they wanted into the bargain.
Falls right behind Empire Strikes Back and maybe the original film in providing the thrills and the heartbreak, the heroism and villainy, and the romance and betrayal that makes these films such a treat.
Optimistically, The Last Jedi leaves plenty of intriguing possibilities for the climactic installment. But there's also the kind of room for improvement that remind us when it comes to Star Wars, such hopes -- new or otherwise -- spring eternal.
More than anyone else on screen, Driver seems to know exactly how to pitch his character. He is magnetic in his scenes, and his sequences sing with (space) operatic melodrama that, for all its showiness, is absolutely correct for the piece.
A stellar entry that owes much to George Lucas' original films while finding a signature vibe of its own and unleashing a few welcome twists.
For those hoping that there may have been a substantial uptick in quality between J.J. Abrams's The Force Awakens and Rian Johnson's The Last Jedi-in much the same way that The Empire Strikes Back improved on Star Wars-you may need a new hope.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is striking, stunning, visually hypnotizing, thrilling - everything "epic" about the famed franchise rolled into a tremendously overcharged start to Rian Johnson's Star Wars career.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is weird, wild, emotional, and fantastic.
Johnson is to be lauded for not locking himself into a retelling of the same old story. While there is plenty of familiarity -- this franchise basically demands it -- he isn't afraid to go in new directions.
One of the strongest aspects of The Last Jedi is its writing. Written and directed by Rian Johnson, he shakes the foundations of The Force and puts everything we think we know to the test.
"I laughed. I cried. I screamed and cheered so much that my throat went raw, and I left the theater on a high of exhilaration."
It is a satisfying, at times transporting entertainment. Remarkably, it has visual wit and a human touch, no small achievement for a seemingly indestructible machine that revved up 40 years ago and shows no signs of sputtering out (ever).
Loaded with action and satisfying in the ways its loyal audience wants it to be ... generally pleasing even as it sometimes strains to find useful and/or interesting things for some of its characters to do.
This is the first Star Wars movie made by an artist instead of a craftsman, and it leaves us on the verge of something new. I'm very, very excited to see what that might be.
Still, this is no mere placeholder of a story. Huge, important things happen to characters secondary and primary. Surprises big and small abound.
I'm so thrilled that I'm able to say that Star Wars: The Last Jedi made my heart soar and filled me with happiness. I'm heartened to say that it did our Carrie proud.
Johnson has crafted such a powerful, screaming geekgasm of a movie.
The Last Jedi gives you an explosive sugar rush of spectacle. It's a film that buzzes with belief in itself and its own mythic universe - a euphoric certainty that I think no other movie franchise has.
The most intelligent film in the franchise by several light years, The Last Jedi can be seen as the space-opera equivalent of Clint Eastwood's revisionist western, Unforgiven.
The miracle of Star Wars: The Last Jedi is its rejection of series formality. Writer/director Rian Johnson manages to honor mythology while also having fun disrupting it.
It may sound like a backhanded compliment, but with so much on the line, Johnson deserves credit for not messing things up.
Put simply, The Last Jedi is lodged several parsecs up its own black hole.
The Last Jedi goes big on identity, confusion and loss as [Rian] Johnson puts characters through the existential wringer like no Star Wars director before him.
Rian Johnson's Episode VIII is a true space opera-a masterful blend of humor, fun, and pathos that bares the souls of its characters and pushes the franchise to new heights.
The best Star Wars since The Empire Strikes Back.
Johnson has made something that isn't just a worthy addition to one of the most fan obsessed franchises ever, but is also a powerful standalone story.
No one can say that Star Wars: The Last Jedi is a previous entry in a different skin as Rian Johnson has crafted an installment that largely defies saga standard narrative structure and tone
No romance, little pathos and lacks a single heartfelt punch-in-the-gut moment.
Rian Johnson has created a movie that is both quintessentially Star Wars and richer than anything that has come before.
For all its strengths, The Last Jedi is a very manic film, fueled by excellent ideas that could have been parsed out in smarter ways.
This is the longest movie in the franchise. It just doesn't feel that way. I haven't been this into a Star Wars picture since the Empire struck back in The Empire Strikes Back.
Rolling up with the kind of intergalactic swagger that gives us a cosmically infuriating phone prank within the first five minutes, Star Wars: The Last Jedi is a work of supreme confidence: witty, wild and free to roam unexplored territory.
Rian Johnson has made a film that will delight and divide fans in equal measure. It is a bold and brilliant new step for the saga, moments of inspired silliness, pure heartbreak and thrilling action.
'The Last Jedi' is phenomenal! Bold, compelling and unexpected, it's also the most emotional entry of the saga. [Full review in Spanish]
You may or may not be surprised to learn I do not automatically swoon every time I hear the words 'Star Wars'. But, I'll be damned if I didn't feel a distinctive shiver down my spine watching The Last Jedi.
[SPOILER-FREE REVIEW:] Johnson sticks with the Star Wars house style and seems pleased to have the opportunity to inspire children with this story of overcoming inner conflict to become one's best self, the key ingredient being hope.
Rian Johnson has made the best directed episode in the saga, one that will have deep emotional resonances for fans of this space opera. [Full review in Spanish]

@highlight

Star Wars: The Last Jedi honors the saga's rich legacy while adding some surprising twists -- and delivering all the emotion-rich action fans could hope for.