An ode to the great sacrifices that often accompany the will to do the right thing.
Moby Dick with a progressive spin.
One of those films that opens eyes to distant lands and problems and yet carries a sense of drama and a humane moral tone that conveys an appeal that's simultaneously exotic and universal.
The film's most memorable visual spectacle, of a man getting sucked into a pool of quicksand, is also the most resonant. Man may think he rules over nature, but it can take him back at any moment.
Mixes environmental awareness and spiritual mindfulness with its chase scenes through grand scenery.
A fascinating oddity, marked by amazing locales and a narrative that continually subverts your expectations...the effect is hypnotic.
Breathtakingly beautiful, breathtakingly brutal and simply breathtaking.
Duobuji shows he has a strong, charismatic presence in his role as the patrol leader, Ritai.
Mountain Patrol, peppered with shocking revelations of just how suddenly and brutally death can come calling, has the look and feel of a documentary.
A strange and sometimes compelling film that absolutely transports you to a remote corner of the world but doesn't quite do enough to make you feel steady on your feet once you get there.
Much of the time, the movie plays like a catalog of challenges sprawled over terrain so forbidding that you can't watch it without feeling a steep measure of awe.
It's an absurdist, quixotic and sloooow journey that leads our heroes to the banal face of evil.
An epic story of white-knuckle tension in a setting of harsh, unearthly beauty, it's the kind of story Hemingway might have told if he'd made it to the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
Instead of a laudable ecological crusade, the film feels more like a futile Captain Ahab obsession, with patrol leader Ri Tai (Duobujie) vainly chasing a poaching kingpin through the harsh, windy wilderness.
Spectacularly-photographed, deeply moving tale.
A quiet little gem of a film that stuns with spectacular beauty, shocks with awful savagery and leaves you pondering the relationship of man and nature.
One of the most beautiful and disturbing widescreen epics in last year's Seattle International Film Festival.
What is remarkable is that this film is based on a true story, and filmed on the actual locations.
A nomadic life-and-death struggle evoking classic Hollywood western themes of dogged honor and rugged idealism.
This second film by Chinese director Lu Chuan is a solid and atmospheric drama.
Despite the far-off locale, we soon feel surprisingly comfortable, merely because of the film's shape.
Our eyes cram the stunning, dry, bare-boned mountainscapes of a Chinese/Tibetan Wild West called Kekexili.
Never has a movie so soberingly made the fight to save life and the struggle to hold on to it seem so futile.
Other than raising awareness for endangered wildlife, Mountain Patrol: Kekexili doesn't have anything profound to say, but it has a lot to show.
A rugged, old-fashioned adventure tale.
The most crucial element of Mountain Patrol's success is Duo's portrayal of Ri Tai, a tough, terse hero who could have sprung fully formed from the imagination of Akira Kurosawa or Sergio Leone.
The director's strong, vigorous style suits the setting perfectly, making Mountain Patrol the closest thing to a Hollywood western in years. And as in the best westerns, the landscape assumes its own character in the story.
A fascinating film that benefits greatly from the stunning scenery of the Tibetan plateau and from a quicksand scene that will leave you gasping.
An astonishing, fact-based story of sacrifice and courage in one of the world's most forbiddingly beautiful regions, Kekexili: Mountain Patrol exerts an almost mythic hold on your attention.
The spirit of the hardboiled American Westerns of the 1950s wends its way through this moody, panoramic Chinese chase thriller.
The stunning adventure Mountain Patrol: Kekexili is like a John Ford western set, not in the master's beloved Monument Valley, but in remotest China.
Lu Chuan's film may be an old-fashioned outdoor adventure. But it's a harrowing one that leaves little doubt that there are some outdoor regions human beings have no business in, however noble their reasons for going there.
...interesting both as a character study and as a portrait of a rural culture with one foot in the modern world.
Since Lu depicts the punishing, unforgiving determination on both sides of the conflict, the film is not entirely pitiless for the pathetic criminal class.
Being in this pitiless environment stiffens the spine of the film's tale.
Based on depressingly true events, Mountain Patrol: Kekexili tracks the heroic efforts of a small group of Tibetans struggling to keep the Tibetan antelope from extinction.
Mountain Patrol: Kekexili is sometimes slow going, yet it builds in power as nature begins to take its toll on the patrol, and its cumulative effects are haunting.
The film's somber beauty is recommendation enough, but the way political, personal, and symbolic tensions seethe silently below the surface turn it into riveting drama.
Many characters perish, some at the hands of poachers, others by the elements, and, in the film's most chilling scene, one via a pit of quicksand. It's heavy going to be sure.
Director Lu Chuan took his lumps by filming the movie on location in an inhospitable locale, but his decision to do so is validated by the final result.
For better or worse, no film of the last decade, not even Malick's The New World, has displayed such a ferocious intimacy with extreme landscape.
Though without the charm of 'Grizzly Man' and 'March of the Penguins,' this is a fleshed-out human story of men working to protect antelopes in the Tibetan mountains.
Ranks alongside Werner Herzog's Lessons of Darkness as one of the most succinct and distressing expressions of landscape in crisis.
A richly cinematic chronicle/harrowing survival tale of these brave souls, set against a truly breathtaking backdrop.
Exquisite to behold and with a stimulating storyline that mixes guns with ecological consciousness.
[It's] austere, unsentimental, morally complex, and grimly realistic...





@highlight

In a setting both visually stunning and cruel, this Eastern film evokes the epic spirit of old-fashioned Westerns.