Surviving Christmas is a mediocre ninety-minute sit-com; if you're looking for wit and humor, stay away.
You'll be lucky if you survive this dumb movie.
Ben Affleck needs to stop making movies.
Pique on earth and ill will toward men permeate this mirthless comedy.
The movie is dead from the outset given the artificiality of the premise about a lonely rich guy who hires the folks living in his boyhood home to be his family for the holidays.
You may not survive watching it.
The moral is that money can indeed buy happiness.
Despite the talent involved, this fails to raise so much as a smile, let alone laughs and Christmas cheer.
If you thought the Ron Howard Grinch movie was the worst excuse for a holiday movie in recent memory, then look out: this one's worse.
A colossal turkey.
All that's vaguely funny or Christmassy about this are the sweaty beads of desperation which string together like fairy-lights across Affleck's forehead as he hammers out one lame gag after another.
Surviving Christmas can't decide whether it wants to be naughty or nice and the end result is a sometime funny story, but with a severe multiple personality disorder .
Affleck gives one of the clammiest, most panicked performances I've ever seen. The movie is drenched in his flop-sweat.
The premise has potential, as does the casting, but the script is so mind-numbingly lazy that it insults its audience at every turn.
With the release of this wretched film, star Ben Affleck takes one more ragged step in what seems his death march from leading man to celebrity game show guest.
Easily the worst Christmas movie of all time, and a surefire contender for the worst film of 2004.
Ben Affleck's Christmas "comedy" is a misfire under the mistletoe, even with a germ of a classic tale hidden under the ugly wrapping.
Affleck may finally have found a use for his obnoxious personality, because Drew is amazingly annoying.
The desperation apparent in Affleck's bug-eyed attempts at whimsy may be the most uncomfortable aspect of Surviving Christmas.
Can't decide whether it wants to be dark or merry, and it bungles nearly every attempt at doing either.
Survive this movie and Christmas will be a breeze.
Watching this holiday dud is like opening a fantastic Christmas present -- a gift that is exactly what you wanted and that, shortly thereafter, unravels, breaks, or otherwise falls apart.
The idea of casting Ben Affleck as some kind of giddy holiday angel who drops in and makes everything all right again was doomed from day one.
Last year, we got Bad Santa; this year, we get Bad Movie.
Despite the obvious chemistry between the actors, yuletide comedy can't overcome the innate nastiness and miserable spirit of its premise. **
What is Ben Affleck doing in a role that seems tailor-made for Martin Short?
Affleck runs through this erratic comedy as if he were auditioning to play Chim Chim in the "Speed Racer" movie.
Yuletide cheer gets a kick in the shins with this funny but forced cinematic Christmas present.
...the result is little more than an early candidate for the title of holiday turkey.
The goose that shouts AFLAC! appears to have more talent than Ben "The Grinch" Affleck
All these characters exist only so Affleck can prance around being impish and silly, exacting more of the damage he inflicted in last year's 'Gigli.'
Poor Ben Affleck has become the new kiss of death for movies.
It was fun to see an early Christmas comedy.
If one were to dwell on the logic of the story, the film would crumble.
...much like a poorly wrapped gift, the film's plot just came apart.
Ben Affleck delivers a surprisingly on-target performance as a man who thinks money and grandiose gestures are the answer to everything.
Kind of an endurance test, like sitting through a bad touring company of 'The Jerk Who Came to Dinner.'
anything, all it proved was the accuracy of one of the words in the title, for surviving this movie is far and away the biggest test a person could face.
At least "Gigli" was watchable. Ewwww!
Affleck is so outrageously miscast as goofball Drew Latham that it's like watching Jennifer Lopez taking on the role of Lady Macbeth at the Scottish National Theatre.
Some sort of Martian comedy hell I was doomed to misunderstand...like watching Ben Affleck burn Stanislavsky in effigy for ninety minutes.
Surviving Christmas wusses out by trying to make itself a warm holiday movie.
There's no way to approach this mess other than to evaluate who's been naughty and who's been nice. Guess which half of the list has way more names on it?
HO, Ho, hhhm. If you like your Eggnog spiked with drivel this is your holiday movie, otherwise I suggest you leave this package under the tree 'til later, much later.
Yule be sorry!
Just like many real-life holiday get-togethers with the family, this comedy starts out pleasantly enough but degenerates into awkwardness and furtive watch-checking to see how much longer you have to suffer before you can leave.
Surviving Christmas is about as funny as a rubber crutch for Tiny Tim.
There's a lot to not buy in Surviving Christmas. I recommend not buying.
Maybe the worst thing that can be said for Surviving Christmas is that it doesn't succeed even on its humble level of aspiration.
There's a desperation to Ben Affleck's mugging in Surviving Christmas that, depending on how you look at it, is either endearing or embarrassing.
Even though store shelves are stocked with fright masks rather than tree ornaments, Hollywood is offering its first yuletide romp of '04, and with it comes the risk of early onset holiday depression.
Not since Scrooge got a look at Christmas future have the holidays seemed so shudderingly depressing.
To write off Surviving Christmas as Affleck's folly gives the actor too much credit: He's actually the best thing in the movie.
With a movie this bad, you can sure the DVD will be out before Christmas, just in time to give to someone that you really, really don't like.
It's the most unapologetically wacky holiday-themed movie since National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.
Is it just me, or does anyone else think it odd Dreamworks is releasing a Christmas movie before Halloween?
Critics may be the only people who need to see Surviving Christmas -- and then only those who compile 10-worst lists.
Bear in mind the Yuletide lesson learned by every kid with an earnest aunt: Some presents look a whole lot like punishments.
'Twas two months before Christmas and D-Works offered this 'fleck flick with glee, but not a consumer was caring, not even that one fan of Gigli.
It has that cheesy, overlit, made-for-TV look most Hollywood comedies have these days.
Can't decide whether it wants to be a black comedy, dumb farce, or sentimental sit-com.
Major stinker. We're talking hold your nose as you walk past the theater.
Though introduced as a dark comedy, the movie quickly resorts to forced Hollywood humbuggery.
The surprisingly effective bleak humor earned scene by scene in Surviving Christmas reveals the proper formula that Affleck abandoned after Good Will Hunting.
It's just in time for Halloween, and it is a scary movie. Unfortunately it's supposed to be a comedy.
Surviving Christmas is exactly what's wrong with Hollywood
Neither Mitchell nor Affleck can make Drew's borderline-psychotic behavior appear sympathetic, no matter how much fake Christmas cheer is pumped into the movie.
An embodiment of everything Affleck should be fighting against – a completely sanitized, uncomplicated and bland effort.
Surviving Christmas is a mildly amusing concept that never gets above its two-dimensional nature.
If anyone needs to survive anything, it's having to sit through this dreadfully unfunny holiday movie. Pin a medal on me.
Affleck somehow remains convinced that he's a leading man. He does this despite mounting evidence to the contrary. ... Do I need to invoke the "G" word (Gigli)?
A pleasant surprise.
Why is this tool still being given the opportunity to say lines in front of a camera?
Summoning sympathy for poor-little-obnoxious-rich-man Drew is nearly as difficult as swallowing Grandma's decade-old fruitcake.
Makes you hope that Santa brings you coal in your stocking - so that you can use it to go upside the head of anyone remotely involved with its production.
It's as if someone felt that the only flaw in Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star was that the excruciating Christmas sequence just wasn't long enough.
For Christmas to be any source of laughs, many audience members will need to move past their fear of Ben Affleck.
What the film seems to find amusing is at best uncomfortable and at worst a little scary.
This latest movie is absolutely awesome in its relentless mediocrity.
Despite opening to the tune of "It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year," the timing of Surviving Christmas could not feel worse
I've never understood Affleck's leading man status. I find him smarmy and insincere on screen. That happens to make him perfect casting here.
It's all more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho.
Director Mike Mitchell never finds a tone or attitude that will transform these misanthropic characters into comedy.
It's almost worth the price of admission to see Gandolfini whack Affleck in the head with a snow shovel, but things mostly go downhill from there.
Surviving Christmas is unable to induce that all-important holiday tear.
Some screwball moments elicit a chuckle or two, but the script is weak and the characterizations clichéd.
The film is well cast, with James Gandolfini, Catherine O'Hara, Josh Zuckerman and Christina Applegate as Drew's rented family, but they're wasted on subpar material.
This is a dump job worthy of Tony Soprano.
The woozy, sinking sensation this Christmas comedy produces suggests a movie slapped together after the consumption of far too many gallons of spiked eggnog.
It aims for mediocrity and hits the bullseye.
It is, from conception to execution, an unalloyed, unqualified, unmitigated disaster.
Ben Affleck's latest loser is chronologically short (less than 90 minutes) and psychologically eternal.
This crass, sloppy comedy is Affleck's fifth consecutive lousy movie.
It's appropriate that this would-be comedy should be released so close to Halloween. It's a real horror.
Gandolfini and O'Hara are so gritty and wryly burned-out together that you want to express-mail them to another movie in time for next Christmas.
There are a few amusing moments, helped by subdued performances from Affleck and Gandolfini, but this is no Bad Santa despite its obvious ambition to play similar holiday tricks.
The ludicrous premise is but the latest expression of that bourgeois guilt that crops up in Hollywood like clockwork around this time of year, spawning films in which modern-day Scrooges learn that money, or at least money alone, can't buy true happiness.
As light, fluffy, cockle-warming holiday entertainment, this thing is pretty sweet.
Failed attempts at humor land with a crash on top of failed attempts at plot.
It's apparent why 'Affleck' and 'comedy' (at least of the intentional variety) aren't normally said in the same sentence.
With any luck, Surviving Christmas will be gone from theaters before Thanksgiving.
A grating tribute to checkbook cheer, that warm and fuzzy feeling achieved from buying and buying and buying.
No worse or better than your average television sitcom.
Just when you're about to dismiss Affleck and his over-the-top demeanor, the story starts to click. A movie I thought I was going to hate turned into a nice little treat.
Christina Applegate has an amazing gift for being neck deep in cinematic manure without actually getting any of it on her.
I survived this.
Makes Son in Law seem like Sam Shepard.
IF Hans Blix is still searching for bombs, he should check out Surviving Christmas, a crass, shrill and laughless disaster of a holiday comedy with a desperately mugging Ben Affleck that should be banned under the Geneva Convention.
Rarely has a happy ending felt less like a gift freely given or truly earned.
Maybe the producers brought this movie out more than two months before Christmas to prevent themselves from spoiling it.
Has its respective merits, but this is one festive occasion that desperately needed another rewrite.
This ghastly comedy emits the subliminal whine of a sucking chest wound.


@highlight

Surviving Christmas is unpleasant characters attacking each other for 90 minutes before delivering a typical, hollow anti-consumerist message