It probably won't end up on anyone's lists for best comics turned film, and I don't think I'll watch it more than five times in life, but it's entertaining.
I really enjoyed it, it was a lot of fun.
A good movie that had the potential of being great. [Full review in Spanish]
Imagine taking the over-the-top action sequences of Kick-Ass and mixing them with the narrative of a 60s reminiscent James Bond flick, cranked up to 50 on the absurdity scale
Ridiculous at times, always entertaining... [Full review in Spanish]
Kingsman manages to skate over a number of tricky concepts with style and aplomb-right up until it doesn't.
Nothing in this movie means anything.
If you're willing to let your critical mind lapse into quasi-vegetation, Kingsman is entertaining in the most ridiculous, rainbow-hued, ultra violent kind of way.
Kingsman has a light touch, poking fun at classic James Bond films, alongside more modern fare like the Bourne movies and 24. But it also has heart, a subversive undercurrent and a great deal of love for its characters.
A powerful adaptation, well-made, directed and written, that is also intelligent and, above all, extremely funny. [Full review in Spanish]
If you're looking for a good time at the movies, with absolutely zero thinking involved, then you've come to the right place.
Kingsman's deft blend of comedy and combat render it an early contender for best action film of the year.
In Mathew Vaughn's entertainingly silly toffs-meets-chavs spy comedy, a bespoke tailoring shop in London serves as the secret headquarters of a privately run organisation of gentlemen spies.
Now that the old-school Bond archetype is back, we find we've missed it. No one does debonair gentleman spies better than the Brits.
Only the impeccable Colin Firth, against type, as an action star, is worth the watch.
Until the new Bondflick, Spectre, arrives, Vaughn's madly irreverent spin will do nicely.
A would-be spy movie remix that revels in gratuitous violence and general ugliness without ever stopping to take stock of what it all means.
For all of the attempts to shock all sensibilities provide a real upset to the status quo, Kingsman ultimately fails to leave its audiences shaken or stirred.
You don't see a movie like this for the plot. Do yourself a favor and check this movie out at your earliest possible convenience.
Firth, incidentally, based his performance on David Niven's Bond from the 1967 comedy Casino Royale, and his performance is terrific fun.
The real plaudits, however, go to Vaughn. From Layer Cake, to Kick-Ass, to this, he consistently delivers dynamic, stylish, in-your-face cinema. Bloody brilliant. More badass than Bond.
It's basically Harry Potter with spies.
As hard as it tries to engage with us, the film never quite works.
Kingsman: The Secret Service delivers a raucous collision of comic book action and British espionage tropes.
Kick-Ass with spies, literally.
Once the machine fully kicks into gear, the final third is a rebellious, freewheeling delight.
Kingsman: The Secret Service is puerile entertainment done with great energy and technical skill. A little more conscientiousness would have served this movie well, though.
Good show, lads.
Newcomer juvenile lead Taron Egerton -- handsome, bright, Welsh -- has promise. He should be moved in the direction of a good movie.
If ever there was a semi-entertaining movie that sabotages itself with tastelessness and misogyny, this is it.
Kingsman: The Secret Service may lack the sophistication of its peers, but damned if it doesn't know how to have a good time.
Vaughn gets the most out of both his energetic cast and the undeniable genre pleasures of watching stuff like a well-tailored gentlemen take on a henchwoman with swords in her prosthetic legs. But there's something terribly misjudged tonally.
The film uses its preposterous plot to wink at the preposterous nature of the genre, but also to turn it into compelling spectacle in an age in which endless city-levelling destruction has robbed action cinema of genuine craziness.
Murder, mayhem and madness are unleashed in this absurdly enjoyable spy caper that David Niven or perhaps Patrick Macnee might have made in the 1960s.
An unironic celebration of Moore-era Bond films means accepting their creepy white-men-as-conquerors undertone.
As for Colin Firth, well, we'll never look at him the same way again.
Kingsman isn't a send-up of the genre; it's a rebuke of the relentlessly grim, faux realistic modern Bond, Bourne, Batman and the latter half of Liam Neeson's career.
Firth is the lynchpin of Kingsman. It's a pleasure to watch him take down a pub full of heavies, but Firth also brings a suave wit to his line readings and a moral core to the over-caffeinated violence.
An uncomfortable, exhausting and even somewhat objectionable experience.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, the saying goes -- and Kingsman: The Secret Service is a cracking part-homage, part-pastiche of the James Bond franchise (and other British spy movies) done with knowing comedy,
A rollickingly old-fashioned caper from Matthew Vaughn.
Outlandishly entertaining and gadget-packed with eye-popping set pieces including a bumper-to-bumper car chase, Kingsman aims to be nothing more than a supremely escapist night out laced with lots of Tarantino-lite kinetic violence.
It may be the pinnacle of what Matthew Vaughn's done so far on film, and the best example yet of where his head and is heart are as a filmmaker.
Let's just hope it generates a strong buzz, makes people realize that Heaven is a place on Firth and leads to audiences leaving the cinema beaming. It's that kind of movie.
The most fun I've had at a movie for a while.
Underneath the silly carnage, there's a tremendously fun film, but as a starting point, it signals the start of a potentially big new franchise.
It's juvenile, but there are enough exploding heads to hold your attention.
Kingsman: The Secret Service is a breath of fresh air in the spy movie genre.
Kingsman probably is the most deliciously twisted film of the year.
A lusting addiction to cartoonish carnage drags Kingsman: The Secret Service down. And by the end, the movie's out-sexismed Roger Moore-era 007 at its smarmiest and smuggest. Lesson learned--cock-of-the-walk dickishness knows no class bounds.
...a barely-passable big-budget extravaganza...
What begins as a witty satire gradually loses momentum as the quirky humor gives way to the logically deficient plot.
The film is not only stylized, but it is also about style. From the multipurpose suits and accessories to the deadly prosthetic legs, there is an elegance behind it all.
If you too like action films with lots of flipping and gunplay, then probably you're going to greatly enjoy yourself.
The leads are good, and there's enough zip in the script, and Vaughan's direction, to hold the interest.
A punk rock rebel of a movie. It follows no rules. It slaps you in the face while making you laugh. Completely entertaining, it also isn't afraid. In our environment of careful and slavish correctness to groupthink, that feels like a refreshing breeze.
A rousing dose of retro-fueled fun, replete with sharply dressed secret agents, hi-tech gadgets, lethal henchmen (er, henchwomen), and, of course, a diabolical villain with a secluded mountain-top stronghold.
However far-fetched and theatrical Kingsman: The Secret Service may be, it's a tepid throwback.
One of the most smartly-crafted action films of recent years... [but] it has some grim, grim thoughts about human beings and society.
A celebration of the lost art of political incorrectness.
A veritable Dinstuhl's of scrumptious eye candy, but with a premise that is a throwback fantasy to an era of white-supremacist colonialist world oversight: The Kingsman 'knights' are living symbols of superior Anglo civilization, and they know best.
A smarter spoof than Austin Powers, and free of the over-seriousness of the Bond movies, Kingsman: The Secret Service is a much-needed fresh take on spy fiction.
Imagine a Roger Moore James Bond with the potty mouth of Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and the action from The Raid.
Watching Kingsman: The Secret Service made me think of Casino Royale. Both of them. The silly first one with David Niven playing 007, and Daniel Craig's rebooted, bare-knuckle Bond. One spy romp nothing like the other, nor a particularly good match.
On Day One of filming, they must have thrown away the moral compass and taken a group vow to splatter our sensibilities with stylish, gratuitous violence and one "Wait, what?!" moment after another.
Firth does a good job as the proper English spy and looks like he's having a good time. Sadly I couldn't say the same.
At its heart, Kingsman is just as much a parody of James Bond and his spy genre cousins as the Austin Powers franchise.
It's not a full-on spoof like Austin Powers but Kingsman: The Secret Service is very aware of the clichéd world in which it operates.
'Kingsman: The Secret Service' is an entertaining nod to spy flicks from the 1960s.
Rowdy, amusing romp - spoofing the James Bond concept of dapper gentlemen involved in international intrigue.
While the bounteous fight sequences have verve and style, the rest of the film does not.
Any sense of triumph is purely at the level of stuntcraft. The rest feels less than the sum of the moving parts.
Camping it up, Jackson is hilarious.
More often than not, as he keeps the action coming and juggles numerous topics, Vaughn delivers a vibrantly entertaining good time.
A loving homage to spy movies that stands as a film in its own right, Kingsman draws its influences from all the right places and, most importantly, is entertaining.
Kingsman: The Secret Service isn't for the politically correct or the faint of heart. But, if you're on its groovy, twisted wavelength, it's a stone blast.
Move over, James Bond. Some new supercool spy guys--and gals--have just laid claim to the multiplex, and they make just about everything that came before them look old, slow, tame and even lazy.
In a million years, nobody watching The King's Speech could've imagined that one day the Oscar winner would clean house in a house of worship armed with a bulletproof umbrella. But he just did. Somewhere, Tarantino is kicking himself.
has a solid sense of fun
Cheeky, rude, stylized, stylish, in crashingly bad taste and with something to offend absolutely everyone. In short, check it out.
Perfect. And a massacre worth seeing.
Occasionally director Matthew Vaughn likes to show us just how crazy-violent his imagination can get, and not every frame of those scenes is necessary but it's a small price to pay for such pure escapist entertainment as this.
"Kingsman" is not for the faint of heart and features some intense violenece, but it's delightful tone makes even the most sinister of acts feel like they can be avenged with a smile.
The set pieces manage to be both bold and old. A bloody shoot-out set in a Kentucky church, however, is just cold.
Surprisingly entertaining.
The fight scenes are very well staged in this film. The acting is solid in all the main characters, which are fleshed out better than are the characters in most spy movies.
As you'd expect from Matthew Vaughn, the purveyor of the scintillating superhero sendup "Kick-Ass," the experience is adrenaline-pumping to the point of overload.
A fun, imaginative and highly entertaining adventure. But, then, in my book, any film with Colin Firth is a winner!
The body count is so high the only thing missing is Uma Thurman.
The picture cannily works on two fronts, not only operating as a bona fide throwback flick but also subverting the genre in imaginative ways.
...an entertaining thriller/spoof of the James Bond genre...marred by too graphic violence but abetted by fine performances and wry humor.
Frequently reactionary, bordering on retrograde, bordering on reprobate. But it's also a tremendous amount of fun.
While much of Kingsman is an entertaining spy romp, Vaughn overindulges in some lengthy killing sprees that diminish the overall power of his film.
All about fun, playfully riffing on the James Bond movies while establishing a stylish, over-the-top formula of its own and tackling the issue of class.
Based on a comic book, Kingsman occasionally betrays its roots but Vaughn has adapted it to fit his unique approach.
I had no idea how much I wanted to see Colin Firth kick butts and shoot people in the head until I saw him do it.
Smart genre riffs and hyper-stylized action, Kingsman: The Secret Service manages to provide a clever twist on the spy movie format.
I don't use the word "reprehensible" a lot, but that's what this movie becomes after a promising start.
The core story unfolds predictably, but, like the Kingsmen themselves, with style.
Kingsman: The Secret Service politely and eloquently clobbers you with undeniable wit, frantic yet unflinching action, and extremely adult but uproarious humor.
Only one complaint. Why the heavy language? The R-rating keeps teens who'd also enjoy this really fun spy romp from enjoying the fun without mom and dad tagging along.
This movie is a whole lot of fun, especially to be treasured by movie nerds (references galore) and action aficionados (a few of the sequences, while not revolutionary, will still leave you breathless).
In the age of the overserious spy film (see: Daniel Craig's Bond, the Jason Bourne series, etc.), this is exactly the bold, silly kick up the ass that the genre needed.
The second half of "Kingsman" is a wipe-out of epic proportions, with Vaughn and Millar losing their sense of structure to whip up a painfully familiar frenzy.
If the movie had kept up this kind of pace and tone for the rest of the way, I would have been a fan.
Jones-ing for a Bond movie?
Brash, witty spy film is packed with over-the-top violence.
The second half of the movie becomes a loud, f-bombing cliché of excessive violence.
Doubles down on glib ultraviolence while pressing buttons of class-consciousness and teasing out pop-culture allusions and self-aware witticisms. But this time, the postmodernism feels played out.
...combined with an inane villain master plan and a third-act turn into large-scale gratuitous brutality, the thing becomes a tonal mess.
Not for every taste, but this spy spoof has some kick
Entertaining enough, but if you're going to keep referencing James Bond, shouldn't you actually have something to say *about* Bond? It lacks a satirical edge and there isn't nearly enough sex.
What makes "Kingsman" so entertaining is that it is totally aware of what it is doing, giving you a nudge to inform you know that, yes, we are letting you in on the joke as well.
It sounds fun in theory, I guess, and there are some entertaining moments of rude irreverence here and there but the giddiness gets a bit tedious after a while.
Kingsman is not a film for gentlemen. It's for us, the great unwashed, bloodthirsty audience. It's an immaculately engineered, laugh-out-loud appeal to our own depravity.
Vaughn is expert at eyeball-knifing action, but he's so invested in its execution that he can't seem to let it go, and it runs on and on.
Firth participates in the bulk of the fisticuffs, and seeing the British actor - best known for playing a role in which his chief antagonist was a speech impediment - lay the smack down is a hoot.
I'm not saying I'm proud to have enjoyed a movie in which a dapper Colin Firth kills about a hundred people while the guitar solo from "Freebird" plays on the soundtrack. I'm just saying I did.
If you don't take it seriously for one instant and don't mind the hard-R content, you'll have a blast. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Style to spare? Sure. Bond-like flourishes? Yup. Yet Kingsman crumbles under the weight of its own ultra-violence.
It relishes low-class ugliness.
Kingsman: The Secret Service is a lively, dashing and amusing motion picture that smartly spoofs and slyly celebrates the James Bond spy-film franchise.
The film tries so hard to be a clever, deconstructive meta-tale, forever winking at the audience about its silly story, that it metas itself into insignificance.
Director Matthew Vaughn brings his unique sensibilities and breathes a breath of fresh air to the stagnate Spy Genre. You can't go wrong with Samuel Jackson as a mean mugging, villain who speaks with an hysterically bad lisp.
From start to finish, Kingsman is cartoonish -- or maybe graphic-novelish -- in the absolute best way possible, thanks to its inventive mix of action.
It's not necessarily trying to reinvent Bond, so much as reminding us that there are other games in town. And they can be just as enjoyable to play.
The violence is intense (I'd go so far as to call it appalling), even by Bond standards.
A near-miss...it runs down in the second half and its dark turn proves overly jarring.
A film that began with a confident sense of sophistication, wit, and edge knows what it is not ("This is not that kind of movie") but not what it is.
[A] movie that can't quite seem to decide if it wants to come across as superior to the perceived silliness of its inspiration or if it just wants to go with the silly flow.
The problem is that Mr. Vaughn has no interest in, or perhaps understanding of, violence as a cinematic tool. He doesn't use violence; he squanders it.
"Kingsman: The Secret Service" holds many surprises: all inventive, some comical, most intentionally silly, a few horrifically and gratuitously violent.
Ultimately, there's little to care about in Kingsman, a spy film that's all dressed up with no place to go.
It's hugely enjoyable.
Enjoys its basest fantasies without even acknowledging that they're base. A wink or a nudge indicating some glimmer of maturity could turn the third act into a masterpiece of rebellion, but it's all bravado.
"Kingsman: The Secret Service" is a youth-quaking riff bursting with affection for vintage 007 action and urbanity, yet one that feels wholly organic in the way it goes about selling this appreciation to a younger crowd.
If you can forgive the failings for at least some of the two-plus-hour running time, "Kingsman" serves up its share of entertaining froth.
The main reason Kingsman: The Secret Service leaves you feeling rooked is that it wastes a once-in-an-actor's-lifetime opportunity.
Kingsman ... keeps finding new ways to surprise with well-trodden territory.
Vaughn packs the frames with eye-popping detail, and there's an infectious creative energy to his violent action sequences, but the film's hatefulness is hard to stomach.
For all Vaughn's attention to stylized details, I noticed a number of obvious continuity errors throughout to which Vaughn seems blind.
At a glance, British director Matthew X-Men: First Class Vaughn's James Bond tribute Kingsman: The Secret Service seems to be sharp counterprogramming to Fifty Shades of Grey. In fact, they are the exact same story.
Kingsman has a spastic verve that turns what could otherwise be gratuitous and rude into an act of spunky bravado, like it's making good on a dare. I'm surprised they got away with some of it.
Vaughn has transformed the original comic book story into one with enough sharp edges that this could be the next big spy series. To accomplish that task, it will take a little more consistency with the future films.
The joyously silly and ultraviolent black comedy Kingsman: The Secret Service captures the spirit of 1960s Cold War spy movies.
achieves its goal in spite of itself
There's enough action, suspense and all-around fun to make Kingsman: The Secret Service an unexpectedly enjoyable ride.
The less you try to make sense of "Kingsman: The Secret Service," the more you'll enjoy this freewheeling, preposterously violent action comedy from the creators of "Kick-Ass."
This absurdist mashup of spy-movie genres-especially those with gentleman spies-points up the frenzied pace of change with a frenzy of its own, then runs low on comic resources in the process.
Like the rookie who knows that you have to make a few mistakes while following the master, the movie shrugs off its missteps with a wink and a smile that makes them easy to forgive.
The mix of comedy and corpses in "Kingsman" becomes callous and clueless - in addition to seeming about 50 years behind the times.
It could be tighter but it's lots of fun.
Things go from far-fetched to insane before it's over, and Vaughn wisely keeps the pace at a healthy clip. But never underestimate his power to floor you.
In spite of a few questionable tonal shifts and a spare misstep here and there, "Kingsman: The Secret Service" makes a name for itself because of its buoyant, frequently bawdy sense of fun.
Does "Kingsman: The Secret Service" have a secret right-wing agenda? I couldn't get that thought out of my mind while watching this visually taxing and noisy spy spoof.
Heads roll. And explode, en masse. Bodies are bisected. Vaughn is the sort of fellow who feels that if he hasn't taken things too far, he hasn't gone far enough.
"Kingsman" is like a high-speed collision between a Jaguar and a jaywalking soccer hooligan. It's ridiculously out of balance, and when you're stuck in the middle, it doesn't seem so funny.
A stylized superspy caper stretching a selection of high-profile actors to roles satirically against type.
Its blend of breathless action with Brit irreverence is like James Bond skipping the martinis and lacing a proper cup of tea with crack.
This is world-class action filmmaking at the service of a smug, soulless story.
A brazen, subversive send-up of 007, Kingsman: The Secret Service also has the high-octane excitement to work as a spy film on its own merits.
Simultaneous spoof, homage, one-upping, and debasement of James Bond, delivered with gory, self-conscious glee by the inimitable Matthew Vaughn.
Those of limited imagination will likely complain 'Kingsman' is cribbing from the 007 franchise. But it's really subverting it at every turn.
Prepare for one of the most fun nights you're destined to have at the movies this year.
The film never entirely figures out what it wants to do with the myth of the superspy, but at least it has fun along the way.
A gonzo-fun take-off on old-school super-spy yarns. Smashing!
I will say this: "Kingsman" has some nerve, however misguided.
Will make you forget all about that stuffy James Bond flick coming later this year.
Director Matthew Vaughn's latest film, Kingsman: The Secret Service, is an attempt at finding a balance somewhere between Austin Powers and James Bond that doesn't quite succeed.
Vaughn finds new ways to deconstruct and reconstruct the spy-thriller... blends Hong Kong action with state-of-the-art digital effects to create breathless set pieces.
Starts a little cheeky but gradually becomes the entire butt, first figuratively, then literally. (Don't ask.)
"Kingsman: The Secret Service" wears its influences on Colin Firth's immaculately tailored sleeve. It winks and nudges and points, and if you still don't get it, it spells them out.
Slick entertainment, provided the viewer turns off whatever part of their brain is responsible for recognizing and parsing subtext.
A cleverly constructed homage to the Bond pictures, particularly the early ones starring Sean Connery, before everything got so deadly serious in the Daniel Craig era.
Kingsman feels like it should be a good time, but it leaves a bitter aftertaste.
Caught between straight-up James Bond and the Austin Powers parody version, Kingsman is a high-octane combo of action and comedy that breathes surreal new life into the big-screen spy game where Bond meets Jason Bourne and Jack Bauer.
The violence flies repellently over the top, and the finale features an extended joke so insanely sexist it sends us out on a seriously sour note.
Borrows the tone, story, characters and humor of "Kick-Ass," only this time in a 007 world instead of Batman's. Nearly everything it does, it does poorly: This one is "Weak-Ass."
Kingsman is entertaining in its way and occasionally clever, but also relentlessly smug and sexist.
If you're not averse to ridiculous violence and un-PC irreverence, your money will be well spent.
Expensive, derivative and boring as mattress ticking masquerading as designer fabric ...
The crazier Matthew Vaughn's homage to James Bond becomes, the greater it is.
Pure fanboy ecstasy- a muscle-flexing spectacle of cartoon violence and cheeky attitude, which announces its cleverness at every turn.
Austin Powers without the laughs, a bloodier Bond without the sophistication, or gravitas
The secret sauce for Kingsman: The Secret Service may be just common ingredients, but it's still makes for quite a treat.
Everything in Kingsman is familiar, cribbed from James Bond and a thousand other sources, yet every setup gets twisted twice, and then once more, just when you think you're ahead of it.
When Kingsman is truly on target and proceedings appear to be gleefully spiralling out of control, the energy expended and electricity generated can take your breath away.
It's structured in familiar, safe terms, plays for very low stakes, and appeals to no one so much as white, male teenagers with chips on their shoulders.
There is an assumption that over-the-top spy movies wouldn't work in 2015. Kingsman proves they can.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Matthew Vaughn is no Quentin Tarantino.
The biggest kick in Kingsman: The Secret Service is watching 54-year-old Colin Firth, heretofore the epitome of British refinement onscreen, bust a move.
It's a movie for teenage boys if there ever was one, which is to say it's also powerfully sexless, right up to an ending that would titillate only a 14-year-old.
Countless viewers will relish the brazen zest of its invention.
A nostalgic homage to 007 that's also the most mesmerizing movie of the year thus far.
A ludicrous guilty pleasure.
If the movie weren't so dependent on the gravitas of its adult leads and so resoundingly impoverished without them, then the prospect of sequels would be enough to awaken anyone's inner teen.
Kingsman: The Secret Service takes Bond's vodka martini and adds a shot of adrenaline to the mix.
In the same way Shaun of the Dead became an almost perfect zombie movie simply by sending up the genre, Kingsman just might have done Bond better than Bond.
Joining the long, long list of James Bond spoofs comes yet one more in the well-dressed, blandly titled, way-too-long form of Kingsman: The Secret Service... Jam your brain into neutral and you should enjoy most of the over-long shenanigans here.
A beguiling mash-up of the spy movie genre with a seamless blend of action, satire and spoof, Matthew Vaughn's envelope-pushing film offers hip, lip and zip
Vaughn shoots the film with the giddiness of a 12-year-old, one who just stepped out of his very first spy movie with dreams of saving the world.
While very familiar, [the story] is also so very fun and alive in its telling that it's impossible to resist its charms.
A cheeky James Bond pastiche that fizzes with tongue-in-cheek humour and larky ultra-violence.
For the most part it's brash, boisterous fare, cocking unsubtle snooks at its generic predecessors ...
I cannot recall a film that left me with such a sour taste in my mouth by its end. Does the movie deliberately defy itself with obnoxious intent?
It is ridiculously entertaining in parts but let down by a yawn of a plot and some fairly cheap looking effects work.
To accuse the director of glorifying violence ... would be to miss the point: what fascinates him isn't strength but the porous border between righteous anger and pathology.
Gentleman spying was never so much fun.
For those weary few of us who harbour an allergy to Vaughn's deliberately obnoxious style, each movie feels like an insult - one added to a heap of computer-generated injuries.
Although it begins as a predictable 007 spoof, Kingsman: The Secret Service soon finds its own groove. Director Vaughan has a licence to thrill and does so with some exhilarating action sequences.
For the most part, it is uproarious fun.
Light-hearted, fast-moving entertainment is the name of the game, with Firth a quite excellent action hero.
There is so much going on that whenever one scene falls flat, something livelier and more effective soon follows.
Admittedly, the film has a thorough knowledge of its forebears and though it namechecks them at every opportunity, Kingsman brings very little that's new or valuable to the playing table.
[Vaughan's] latest picture, a genre mash-up that sends the Sixties-era Bond-style gentleman spy on a collision course with the supporting cast of Kidulthood, is his most gratuitous slaughterfest yet.
Though competently acted and lushly upholstered, this childish film is let down by bold-type irony: so bludgeoning that it ceases to merit the description.
It is a film forever demanding to be congratulated on how "stylish" it is.
Perhaps the riskiest mainstream movie in years, Vaughn's love letter to spy movies may be uneven in places, but it's ultra-violent, envelope-pushing, and fun enough to overcome the flaws. Bond with the stabilisers taken off.
Matthew Vaughn is the anti-national treasure British cinema has been crying out for.
Fox may have a new franchise on its hands with this witty and occasionally spectacular homage to 1970's-era James Bond adventures.
An ugly film dressed up in a cheap suit, the flaccid Kingsman is less biting, transgressive Bond tribute, and more akin to a gorier, swearier Stormbreaker.
Kingsman is an unashamedly entertaining spy movie that'd likely raise Roger Moore's eyebrow into the stratosphere.
One of the most ridiculously entertaining spy flicks since Roger Moore hung up his safari suit.
Vaughn's direction is slick and stylish throughout and he orchestrates a number of dazzlingly audacious, thrillingly violent set-pieces that are both shocking and hilarious.
An unashamedly and unrelentingly enjoyable piece makes for immensely entertaining cinema.
'Kingsman' is undoubtedly worth the ticket price. Just try not to think too much...
Kingsman is a hugely enjoyable, super-styled, ultra-violent fantasia, pushing all those starchy, toff values that underlie Bond into absurdity but then making them work all over again.
A delicious blend of streetwise savvy and old-fashioned espionage motifs.
With contempo audience's infatuation with all things superheroes and comic book movies, and the baseline treatment of humanity in such movies, Kingsman: The Secret Service arrives at just the right time.
Vaughn and his collaborators have taken a crude and disposable property and turned it into something more - a thoughtful, exciting, whip-smart spy adventure that doesn't let its smart-ass post-modernism overwhelm its playfulness or its heart.
Injecting fun and fairground thrills back into the spy movie, Kingsman is a blast. Firth is sensational, Jackson rules and newcomer Egerton surprises.
Maintains the snarkiness of Mark Millar's writing, while creating something on a much grander scale.
This movie is so alive that few will roll their eyes at the message - one that says a true gentleman's virtue comes from within, and not their accent.
Firth enters new territory with style and grace, anchoring a smart, high-energy movie that eventually runs out of steam.
Whether it's "Alex Rider," "Agent Cody Banks" or "Spy Kids," plenty have tried to adapt the 007 shtick to younger characters, with demonstrably dopey results. In the end, the reason it works for Vaughn is that he's making the film for adults.
A startlingly enjoyable and well-made action film leavened by humor and slicked along by style, made by, for, and about people who've seen far too many Bond films.


@highlight

Stylish, subversive, and above all fun, Kingsman: The Secret Service finds director Matthew Vaughn sending up the spy genre with gleeful abandon.