The big-screen Simpsons are mildly entertaining, but too much of this is as flabby as Homer's belly.
The Simpsons Movie successfully makes a big experience of one of the greatest TV shows of all time.
Why do I still feel a bit jilted? Because the premise is actually kind of promising.
There were plenty of decent jokes, but I've already forgotten most of them; I suspect within a month's time I'll be hard pressed to recall much about the movie at all beyond a vague sense of disappointment.
Simpsons fans will love it unreservedly, I was amused and passably entertained. It's better if less daring than the South Park movie and sharper if less poignant than the first Rugrats one.
It's very well written and, as I say, it's consistently funny.
A very knowing, self-aware cinema experience, [and] fans of the series will love it.
I laughed sporadically at this enjoyable film.
Considering the show, though still funny, has seen better years, it s everything you could expect from a Simpsons movie manic and smart, not quite days of fire and vim, but like a visit with a dear old friend.
Its lack of ambition is admirable - and practical since it already is a national treasure. It remains rude but warmhearted. We need not ask for more.
All of which makes it harder to see The Simpsons Movie for what it is: A mediocre film based on an obsolete television show.
There's a great half-hour show rattling around in here somewhere, but the rest is padding at its very dullest.
It's impossible to keep the Simpsons down. Even during those draggy parts, you need to stay alert: You never know when the film's 11 credited screenwriters will unleash another zinger.
For the faithful, The Simpsons Movie delivers plenty of "woo-hoos," interrupted by only a handful of "d'ohs."
Did I laugh? You bet. Are there sight gags aplenty? You bet.
The execution is reasonably funny in the hit-and-miss manner of latter-day episodes, but translating The Simpsons to the big screen is a pointless exercise.
Did the movie deliver on its promise? No, but then again, my expectations were huge.
The consensus is right: It's only pretty funny, which is all it needed to be.
The Simpsons Movie gives us much of what we love about the characters, and if there is not enough of some of them, there is something of most of them.
Worth every minute of the 17-year wait, The Simpsons Movie confirms Groening's creation as the smartest, funniest, most inventive cartoon in history.
This re-establishes The Simpsons as the jewel in the crown of American animation.
Though the short and breezy film is predictably clever, occasionally brilliant and unfailingly entertaining it still feels very much like an elongated episode.
The incomparable gang at full length for the first time, with enough jokes, satire, nonsense, and sentiment to justify the eighty-eight minutes.
It really is a crushing disappointment to report that The Simpsons Movie is merely average by its own lofty standards.
It's just a shame that it's just a pretty good effort rather than a fantastic one from writers who just could have done that little bit better.
The Simpsons Movie doesn't ever reach its real potential, but there's enough good material at the start to mostly make up for a draggy second half. Still, if you like the Simpsons on television, you'll like them on the big screen just as well.
though Homer himself chastises us, near the start of the movie, for paying for something we can watch on TV for free, I consider the money I put down my contribution to Groening's good cause.
What's strange about the 87-minute movie is that there's nothing strange about it.
A fitting, relevant and hilarious tribute to a 20-year phenomenon. It's definitely for fans but -- then again -- who isn't a fan?
Scarcely exploring the liberties of cinema the way the South Park movie did, The Simpsons Movie still showcases deeper and truer colors
It could be I'm missing a lot of the inside humor and subtext. But I think the movie, too, is missing a lot of subtext.
the writing of the episodes are so brilliant that the big-screen version simply lives up to the show's name
From its very first frame the movie is through and through The Simpsons and its creators have taken the time and care to make this worth a trip to the theater rather than waiting for another syndicated rerun to come on.
Hysterically funny, genuinely cinematic -- and you get to see Bart's doodle, too.
'The Simpsons Movie' only sporadically harnesses the boundless creative energy and satirical edge that earned Groening's series its reputation as one of the most sophisticated comedies in TV history. For fans, however, it is a gift long overdue.
We barely get a line from Mr. Burns, Moe, Lou and the rest of the bunch, but following Homer J. Simpson is not a bad way to spend an hour and a half of your summer.
Hardly calls for the emphasis of a feature presentation except that it's a powerful form of market engineering.
You'll be laughing the whole way through to the style of gags and set-ups the series is famous for.
One of the year's funniest theatrical releases, [but] it's also tough to shake a feeling of mild disappointment.
Thankfully, the cinematic adaptation bears a strong resemblance to the great early Simpsons episodes, with a consistent script, nonstop jokes, and lots & lots of Homer.
If you love the show...you'll love the movie.
The big screen version of the legendary TV series is a fitting tribute and is worth the wait.
If you combine all important elements into one 87-minute 'PG-13' film, will you have what Comic Book Guy would call the ... Best. Episode. Ever?
As a full-length cartoon, "The Simpsons Movie" is drawn out - but in a good way.
Gives us the most evil EPA agent in movies since William Atherton unleashed the minions of Zool on New York City.
WOO, and indeed, hoo. The Simpsons Movie is diddily-dum-doodily.
Doh! What a colossal disappointment. The Simpsons Movie has its funny bits but so does the average Marge-centric episode. But this is a highly anticipated 90-minute episode for which audiences have to pay.
The movie does at least broaden the canvas the story is played out on, but fans expecting to see many of the series' usual haunts -- school, Moe's Tavern, the nuclear plant -- will be disappointed to find that they are merely glimpsed here. For all its sh
Let's be honest, though: there's no way a Simpsons Movie was going to be perfect. But is this the best possible Simpsons Movie that we could have hoped for? The answer is a resounding "Woo hoo!"
Is The Simpsons Movie funny? ...Yes -- but not as funny as it is wide.
I wanted to like this, but I felt like one of the suckers Homer talks about for paying for something at the theatre that I can watch at home for free.
Given a choice between seeing this movie and watching three new episodes of the show, I'll take the three new episodes all day long.
Marge's stalwart strength and Lisa's usual good sense aren't nearly so spectacular as Bart and Homer's bizarrely symphonic pandemonium.
They are still cunning, still a mile-a-minute and still the standard bearers of good, intelligent comedy, animated or otherwise. Give 'em some love - they have more than earned it after 20 years of free shows.
Maybe the movie is just reaching out for something that saw its heyday five (or even 10) years ago. But oh, what a heyday.
I can't help but feel that sometimes bigger isn't better.
Something's rotten in the town of Springfield--Is it any surprise that it traces back to Homer and a giant silo full of pig crap? The Simpsons Movie does the impossible, it turns the brilliant show into a classic movie experience.
...like a good episode of the show...
Doesn't make the existential leap to the big screen, and it doesn't have the density of gags or the lunatic free-association of the best episodes.
The pace is brisk, the jokes are sharp, and there are sight-gags and zingers that rank up there with some great cartoon moments.
La primera película de Los Simpson luce como un episodio extendido de hora y media, con todo lo que eso implica: puede lucir un poco excesivo, pero si sos fanático/a probablemente colme tus expectativas.
The plot isn't the main reason to see this movie; it's the constant jokes and gags churned out from start to finish.
But long-time fans will enjoy wallowing in 87-minutes of all things Springfield.
For Simpsons fans, the movie is nirvana; for the unfortunate rest of humanity, at least a therapeutic exercise in extreme giggles.
...generally manages to capture the energy and charm of the show's best moments...
Lucky for us, the verbiage sparkles with wit and preposterousness just close enough to reality to make us grind our teeth in the agony of recognition. D'oh, I mean to make us laugh.
[It is] in the unique and unfair position of having a lot to live up to, and The Simpsons Movie is not quite up to the task.
For Simpsons fans, seeing Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and baby Maggie on a movie screen must be like watching old friends blown up to the size of Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade floats.
When Homer tells his wife and kids, 'I've really come to like you guys,' we can't help but agree.
...an excellent, delightful piece of collaborative comedy, with enough energy and intelligence to impress anyone who doesn't view its release as an opportunity for ax-grinding.
Nobody should have a cow. Bigger and longer don't always mean better, but The Simpsons Movie is still a cut above.
While I won't go as far as Comic Book Guy to proclaim it best...film...ever, I will give it my highest rating.
Crafting a motion picture from a current television series that's been around for nearly two decades is a dicey proposition, but The Simpsons Movie fills the larger dimensions of the theater screen quite nicely.
All a fan ever asks is for the powers-that-be to take good care of the baby. The Simpsons Movie does this. It doesn't teach the kid French, but it gives us what would be considered a decent episode of the show. Probably a top 50 episode.
The best prospect of The Simpsons Movie is that it will return communal intelligence to moviegoing.
Is it as good as the television show? Yes. Does it have some of the sharp writing from the series' earlier years that has gone missing from the show as of late? Yes.
About what you'd expect, pretty funny.
Definitely worth your money.
Sure, the film is silly -- really silly, but it's a whole lot of fun. Most of all, the characters are as likeable as they are funny, and the dialog is downright delicious.
It's a winning formula, and maybe that's why the makers of The Simpsons Movie have played it safe with an entertaining but thoroughly unmemorable movie adaptation.
The Simpsons return to show they're still the best...
Not close to the insanely imaginative material from the show's heyday but still funny its own right
The big-screen Simpsons are mildly entertaining, but too much of this is as flabby as Homer's belly.
Thank goodness the world can count on Homer's idiocy for a steady stream of laughs.
[The] hit-miss ratio outstrips that of any other conventional comedy this summer.
Very entertaining, featuring a delicious mix of visual gags, cultural satire, straight-out pratfalls
'The Simpsons Movie' has a slightly sharper edge than the series and the animation is brighter and crisper yet true to the hand-drawn spirit of the show.
D'oh-n't miss this one, Simpsons fans.
It's all just enough--just enough for most fans and just enough for the casually curious, who now might be tempted to do what Fox really wants them to do--buy all those boxed sets of the television series awaiting them on DVD.
Is it funny? I enjoyed it without actually laughing all that much.
Brilliant, if belated, but be forewarned that The Simpsons, the movie, is merely The Simpsons, the television show, only on a much bigger screen and in an extended format. You want more, you got more.
C'est avec grand bonheur que j'ai trouvé le plus long des épisodes des Simpson le plus drôle depuis quelques années au moins!
Instead of trying to make the "be-all end-all ultimate mega-Simpsons episode," they went with their proven formula and delivered one of the year's funniest movies.
A bit past its prime, but still delivering some very funny class-clown iconoclasm.
The movie's awesome, and I can't wait to see it again.
Doesn't live up to the hype.
The movie is never dull and like the best episodes of the series, it is frequently hilarious, rich in visual humor and verbal wit.
The Simpsons Movie has a higher joke-per-minute ratio than any other movie this year, and I laughed throughout.
Why PAY for something you can see on TV for FREE? Homer asks. As one of the dolts who shelled out the DO'H, I answer, Because the Simpsons make me laugh.
I won't blow any of the jokes in "The Simpsons Movie." They're too fresh and funny to give away. I will say that in this very imaginative expatiation of the Simpsons' world, Arnold Schwarzenegger is the president of the United States, which is pretty amus
The movie occasionally drags, even at a modest 86 minutes, and after 400 episodes it's hard to recapture the early seasons' startling bite. But the throwaway gags fans live for are there.
Some 10 years after expected, The Simpsons Movie couldn't give a doodle in a doughnut hole about expectations anyway. It may deliver what we've already got, but it leaves no doubt why we got it in the first place.
The Simpsons Movie is as hard to critique as it is to resist.
Essentially an episode of the long-running Fox hit, just extended and writ larger.
This one feels incomplete, an underachiever still searching for a real reason to exist beyond enriching a fat franchise.
There are laughs and pleasures to be had throughout The Simpsons Movie -- but they are familiar laughs and familiar pleasures.
A very funny, solidly entertaining movie that, despite its unshakable obsesion with undergarments, is as sweet as a Kwik-E-Mart Squishee.
In a way, the film is more of a Simpsons celebration than anything else -- the mother of all anniversary episodes.
It's fun and funny.
The Simpsons Movie was expected to raise the bar for animated film -- especially 2-D animation. Unfortunately, it's just another example of what could have been.
If you're a fan, you know you're going to go see The Simpsons Movie. And you'll be happy to know it's worth the money, if not much more.
It's subversively hilarious as well as strangely touching, and it features a scene in which Homer is directed across the landscape by the twin shadows of a woman's mountainous chest.
This is The Simpsons which, with its first big-screen effort, is underachieving and proud of it, man.
Homer and his family's big-screen odyssey is slicker and funnier than any episode of the show in years.
The Simpsons concept in feature length is just as reassuringly startling in its nonstop irreverence as the best of the weekly TV droppings.
The fictional family that has defined satire on the small screen since 1989 has finally found a 'Home, Sweet Home' on the big screen.
It retains the farcical belligerence of the TV comedy but also heightens the series' oddball warmth and expands on its Hellzapoppin' slapstick.
The picture works because, despite the fact that it took nearly six years for the filmmakers to bring it to the screen, it doesn't strive for greatness. It's fleet, concise and clever in a nut-ball way.
It had to happen. The Simpsons have finally become bona fide movie stars and this hilarious, clever and irreverent film proves it was worth the wait.
Cleverly conceived and subversive, it's certainly the best Simpsons Movie - so far.
A feature-length version of the show that has some snazzier animation but otherwise amounts to a decent oversized episode.
After nearly 20 years on TV and as a brightly burning star in this nation's pop-culture constellation, "The Simpsons" deserved better for its big-screen debut.
David Silverman's film is pretty much just a long episode of "The Simpsons" television show. And just like the series it's irreverent, hilarious, cutting-edge and irrepressible.
...what I expected and hoped for and, while it does not strike me as brilliant, it does have brilliant moments.
The Simpsons Movie is perhaps most brilliant in finding that fine line between new and old, current and timeless, specific and universal.
As usual, the humor ranges from the blissfully sophomoric (such as Homer's rendition of a "Spider-Pig" theme song) to the bitingly satirical (such as the appearance of President Schwarzenegger).
It cannot compete with the series that inspired it, but it can compete with everything else in the multiplex at the moment.
The outside package can be done up as much as anyone would like it -- bigger, more, shinier -- but ... inside, it's the old familiar gang.
The Simpsons Movie is everything it has no right to be, based on the past several seasons: it's funny, it's smart, and it pokes fun at exactly the things it should ...
If you don't have the urge to stand up and cheer as the end credits begin to roll, then you are not who this movie was created for.
I laughed a lot. Out loud. Which isn't something I tend to do a lot at the movies...
It's a fun time, if not exactly the be all and end all of the pop culture phenomenon known as The Simpsons - I'd rather rewatch some of the classic television episodes than the movie.
A full-speed-ahead laugh riot for its first 45 minutes, although it loses some of its gusto in the second half.
While nothing in this motion picture quite matches the television series at its early best, this is more of a throwback than a throw-away. It's wittier and more energetic than anything that has appeared on FOX in quite a few years.
The pace is breakneck, and the animation -- though still primitive -- makes good use of the full width of the screen.
It has the same anarchic spirit of the TV series, the lightning-fast sight gags, the clever self-awareness, and the amazing ability to satirize modern American life without being cruel.
The Simpsons Movie proudly marches into theaters with widescreen glory worthy of such an iconic program. My friends, there is no "Ha-ha!" to be found here.
It goes to character, visual and thematic places that the show's never gone to before. Making it bigger really works.
An enjoyable movie.
so much built-in love and affection here these yellow creations could probably read the phone book and people would pay to see it, what I have to say on the matter not going to change one single thing even in the slightest bit.
A good movie, but also one that betrays the strain of great expectations, a four-episode length, and a 400-episode back catalog.
Popular culture has never come in for a more thorough, more righteous, pummeling
The Simpsons Movie is a riot, and still feels fresh and bracing, even if it's also a bit classic and cuddly.
On par with South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut in the way in which a beloved TV series can be broadened and deepened by the cinematic experience, The Simpsons Movie is a major triumph.
It's hilarious, though probably not to anyone who hasn't already been watching it on television.
Feels like yesterday's news. For fans of the television show, wait a few months for the DVD. For everyone else, don't even bother.
A bewildering number of jokes are crammed into this feature, and it will take repeat viewings to catch it all. I have a feeling that this won't bother Simpsons fans in the slightest.
Even the naysayers, the ones who claim that the show hasn't been worth watching since Clinton was in office, will be amazed and delighted by a storyline so strong and funny that it deserves to be ranked among the show's all-time greatest episodes
The Simpsons remain the archetypal all-ages animated banquet for the mischievous kid in all of us and the cynically academic adult we should all hope to become.
Certainly smart enough to please fans hungry--as Homer always is--for a super-sized helping of their favorite TV family.
Could this adventure be as great as jumping Springfield Gorge? Those visits from Sideshow Bob? Ralph choo choo choosing Lisa? Yes. Worst episode ever? No.
It's a strange path for the series' star writers to have chosen -- this idea that more existential meant better.
The humor stays irreverent without making the still-running sitcom irrelevant.
Manages to feel like a pretty good extended episode from somewhere around the show's golden era ... I'm not booing, I'm saying Boo-urns.
A snappy, funny animated picture with much of the dialogue suited for adults in the audience. Too bad the satire is so mild.
It lives up to its own fine standards -- but it doesn't exceed them.
As refreshing a summer tonic as one could hope for.
Hurray for Homer. Long may he rave.
This is the one summer movie so far this year that really delivers in a big way. It's got bigger and better action than other bloated blockbusters, and it has bigger and better laughs that any of its comedic competition.
The movie is best when it just riffs on our compacted memories of the past 18 years of episodes. Fortunately, that's most of the time.
After 18 seasons, our favorite family finally gets their shot at the big screen in this Woohoo!-worthy adaptation of the beloved animated series.
This long-awaited movie adaptation has plenty of laughs, plus an assortment of milestones for fans.
Fans will enjoy it, but it will likely be a footnote in the larger story of the show's phenomenal run on television.
The Simpsons Movie is finally here. And guess what? It's funny. But not that funny.
The film fires on all cylinders, one-liners coming thick and fast.
It is little more than a reminder, as if one was needed, that Homer is still crazy after all these years and that The Simpsons are a still-reliable laundry line for stupid sight gags and one-liners.
The Simpsons Movie is full of the anarchic, generous, good-natured humor that is the show's enduring signature.
With its broad range of slapstick and satire, The Simpsons Movie is one of the most successful television-to cinema transplants I've ever seen.
No one should go expecting the Best Episode Ever, just a smart and consistently funny extended storyline worthy of the series' legacy.
The flipside of the Bush Admin. being a boon to comics and satirists is that things are so absurd now that almost nothing we could dream of could actually be more absurd.
It isn't the best movie ever, nor will it make fans forget the show's early-'90s golden years, but audiences will probably be too busy laughing to complain about any shortcomings.
Even casual Simpsons fans will find plenty to chortle over, right through the closing credits. There are plenty of Hollywood comedies that can't say the same.
That the show hasn't sailed off into the seas of complacency after all these years is a miracle. But the movie feels a little complacent and stuck.
There's something about the Simpsons that's radical and simple at the same time, subversive and good-hearted, offensive without really meaning to be. It's a nice balancing act.
The result is two-tiered humor, broad enough to appeal to anybody but overlaid with jokes that will be funnier if you know the show.
You didn't think The Simpsons would sprain its funny bone on the way to the multiplex did you?
Go on, sucker, buy your ticket.
The Simpsons is pretty much exactly the movie everyone hoped it would be -- fast, funny and filled with a thousand quickie jokes and odd angles that enhance the central story without distracting from it.
The long-awaited Simpsons feature film does not eat my shorts. Doesn't set 'em on fire, either.
Since The Simpsons Movie took longer to build than the Taj Mahal, you want it to be a comic masterpiece, and it isn't. But it is a consistently funny, smart animated film.
If you like the TV show, you're going to love the movie.
It's really one of the best movies of the year.
It was worth waiting for.
No one will be bored with the feature film, but everyone who knows the show well will have a nagging feeling that something is missing.
...may be less potty-mouthed than South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut, but it takes aim at its middle-American milieu with a towel-snapping glee that is just as effective in reducing its audience to cheerfully willing victims.
The Simpsons Movie is comparatively minor. But it's hard not to like it. And in both senses of the phrase, America keeps asking for it.
...what The Simpsons Movie does -- and does well -- is to revisit the series' most enduring situations and themes while upping the ante just enough to lend everything a new level of suspense.
The Simpsons Movie isn't anything special and certainly not the creative spark necessary to jump-start what for years has been a sagging show.
The first ten minutes are funnier than 95% of the comedies released this year. Everything else is gravy.
Oversold as a story suitable only for the big screen and lacking a raised-stakes mindset, it's still a moderately funny magnification of what's made the show tick and tickle for 18 years. Plus, it proves Illinois is home to the one true Springfield.
...a conclusive portrait of the dysfunctional American family - stuck with each other and, deep down, OK with it.
The vocal work is so finely honed by the cast of regulars, that the acting conveys a timing and skill rarely encountered in even the best live-action comedies.
A delectable antidote to family values dictum ad nauseam imposed on contemporary audiences, the brash attitude movietoon slugs viewers with its devilishly rude mantra of family dysfunction twisted mystique.
An expansive visual style that makes it worth seeing on the big screen, even if the story feels like a specially extended episode.
The big screen version is as good as three better-than-average episodes of the TV show, even if it doesn't quite hit the heights it's capable of.
The plot is as hilariously bombastic as the ones boob-tube producers used to spin off onto the big screen before they discovered the concept of the Very Special Episode.
... it's hard to imagine fans being disappointed -- or anyone else for that matter.
There is so much gusto, such a willingness to go for broke and not look back [in the first act], that it seems too good to be true. As is often the case with such situations, it is.
Yes, The Simpsons Movie is funny enough to make you get off the couch and put down the Duff.
A grand entrance into widescreen for the greatest television show... ever.
You have to admire all the effort that has gone into trying to make this movie the all-time-super-Simpsons episode, straining the talents of no less than 11 of the series' most frequent writers to sum up the show up in a single ambitious story.
Inspired by the seminal TV series and making a smooth transition from the small to the big screen, Simpsons Movie is always diverting, occasionally witty and sometimes even brilliant.
The movie isn't a disaster, just a disappointment.
While The Simpsons Movie is -- like the TV show has become -- too much a caricature of itself, it still possesses good cheer, an aversion to self-seriousness and manic energy for stuffing the screen with layers of humor.
Turns out what they've done is make everything bigger, longer, and uncut, but let Homer be Homer, an average American screwup in a recognizable, screwed-up world of hypocrisy and lardy foodstuffs.
The overall momentum flags at times and, even though the film runs for a crisp 87 minutes, it feels over-extended.
Homer addresses the audience at the beginning and calls us all suckers. Funny 'cause it's true.
The good news is, The Simpsons Movie is just like the TV show, whereas the bad news is, it's just like the TV show.
The movie's ultimate message is about family, and its most basic promise -- to make us laugh -- is one it delivers on more reliably than any of the other big movies this summer.
You chuckle here and there, you enjoy the animation (given a bit more pep and computery dimension for the big screen), but the moment it takes off never comes.
At last, Matt Groening's brilliant creation has arrived in cinemas, dated only in the sense that we all know it began in 1990, but otherwise terrifically funny and contemporary.
Funny, clever and at times even hilarious... But sadly, it's also a minor movie and never more inspiring than the sum of its admittedly witty parts.
These bold yellow characters continue to verify our strength as people, families, and a nation, and their agelessness continues to stress that their journey, like ours, is an eternal act of learning.
"The Simpsons Movie" lives up to every bit of irreverent satire Simpson fans are accustomed to.
We knew all along they had it in them to become movie stars.
With a hearty 'Woo-hooo' and no 'doh' spared, The Simpsons make the journey from small screen to big with their subversive wit, their wanderlust and their sentimental streak entirely intact.
Put simply, if somebody had to make a Simpsons movie, this is pretty much what it should be -- clever, irreverent, satirical and outfitted with a larger-than-22-minutes plot.
A clever and spirited big-screen version of its better-known small-screen cousin.
Sure, watching The Simpsons Movie is like watching a longer-than-average episode of The Simpsons. And your problem is?
Clever, cutting and irrepressible, The Simpsons Movie hits the big screen with all the humour and panache we have come to expect from the series
The Simpsons Movie does not feel at sea on the big screen and, crucially, it is very funny.

@highlight

The Simpsons Movie contains the hearty laughs, biting satire, and honest portrayal of an American family that makes the show so popular. And it boasts slicker animation and polished writing that hearkens back to the show's glory days.