Daring sci-fi with mature themes, sex, and violence.
[Writer-director] Van Dormael seems unsure of what exactly it is he's trying to say, and thus Mr. Nobody rambles on for nearly two and a half hours.
There are times when the film is entirely lucid in the points it wants to get across on love and the various choices we have to make throughout our lives, while at other times it seems lost in its overabundance of possibilities.
Complex, visually stunning, and pleasantly convoluted, this is a film that seems like it can't be confined to one genre and while time flows in one continuous direction Mr. Nobody makes it a point to constantly pedal in the opposite direction.
Too clinical to have an emotional impact, not romantic enough to engage a standard audience, and not smart enough for viewers looking for an intellectual experience.
ambitious as all get out and a wonder from start to finish.
While visual excess and occasional thematic bombast softens Mr. Nobody at times, the film nevertheless has poignant, often profound things to say about fate, mortality, consequence and love.
a passionate, thoughtful, and inquisitive exploration of the meaning of life.
Never mind that several characters seem to gain or lose British accents throughout the course of the film. The lack of continuity only enhances the sense of deliciously dizzying disequilibrium.
As philosophy, Mr. Nobody seems sillier than it is profound. But in a parallel reality, more movies would have this degree of insane ambition.
At the 44-minute mark (I checked) of 'Mr. Nobody,' I loudly sighed and asked, "Good God, when the hell is this movie going to START!"
A thoughtful investigation into the different variations of all our lives: the daydreams, the anxious worst-case scenarios, the futile digressions that went nowhere.
Too strange for wide release, too provocative and arresting to sit on the shelf
This sprawling, ambitious sci-fi epic has a keen visual sense and a genuine interest in its deep topics.
The only truly graspable notion the film can be said to put forth is one of increasingly tedious sci-fi-romantic genre busy-ness.
Jaco van Dormael's most ambitious film to date is a mess and a miracle at the same time.
This big-budget English-language co-production shows that Europeans can compete in the sci-fi realm where high production values are king.
The aptly titled Nobody is just a white ball bouncing around the roulette wheel, as likely to land on this number as the next. It's fun to watch "Mr. Nobody" go round and round, but where it lands doesn't really matter to us.
Messy but intriguing science-fiction film.
Most viewers will have settled into a state of detached admiration. In the end, Mr. Nobody's title is simply too apt.
'Mr. Nobody' jumps around in a rather haphazard way, so it seems too chaotic most of the time. It's creative, but quite perplexing.
Both overblown and half-baked, too long and not edited enough, Mr. Nobody describes exactly the kind of audience it will likely get.
With the film's maddening circular structure and often thudding visual expositions, the experience of watching it isn't quite as enjoyable as a description might augur.
I relate to most movies by thinking about my past. Mr. Nobody has me evaluating my future.
A film that has a beating heart underneath its messy -- though breathtakingly designed -- exterior.
While Mr. Nobody contains some truly moving scenes, it eventually starts to try your concentration when you suspect all the space/time continuum shuffling may never become more than the sum of its parts.
Van Dormael's almost avant-garde modus operandi cements the movie's place as a love-it-or-hate-it proposition.
This is thought provoking without pretentiousness, full of ideas and passion that deserves a wide audience...Giving oneself over to the film is a pleasure that's not soon to be repeated.
Expect the unexpected. Try to answer the unanswerable question that writer-director Van Dormael poses. It is a worthwhile exercise.

@highlight

Mr. Nobody 's narrative tangles may bedevil as much as they entertain, but its big ambitions and absorbing visuals make for an intriguing addition to director Jaco Van Dormael's filmography.