Though the jokes can be hit-or-miss, the film does blunder along in a genial enough fashion, largely thanks to co-star Jason Segel.
A fun comedy for adults. [Full review in Spanish]
Rudd and Segal's onscreen chemistry is palpable, and combined with some fantastic bit-players, the film delivers easy, if somewhat puerile laughs.
That movies from this brand will have "heart" is now a given, but the variety Rudd provides here is singular.
[T]his unpretentious crowd-pleaser is still punchy enough to send packed theaters reeling in riotous laughter.
One of the better recent 'buddy comedies' and one if you're in the mood to laugh, you definitely won't regret showing a little love.
Rudd and Segel share genuine chemistry and the early scenes in which their bromance blossoms are tinged with recognisable humour; the dumb nicknames; the inexplicable use of silly voices; the embarrassingly out-dated 'man slang'.
If Rudd steals the show, Segel deserves props for downplaying Sydney's regressiveness.
It's hard not to like this witty, well-made celebration of friendship in which two very different guys come to know and appreciate each other.
For both men though, it's the sincerity lurking just beneath the bravado which sets the film apart from the abrasive comedy it might have been.
At the end of the day it is a pretty formulaic bromantic comedy, and the little bit of a twist it has can't hide that fact. But it's done really, really well and that counts for a lot.
The film is a microcosm of us all, guys - raucous, juvenile and puerile on the outside, but tender, sweet and vulnerable in our hearts.
Pays respect to the crucial role male bonding plays in adulthood...
We all know where the film is heading, but that's hardly the point. Rudd and Segel are such entertaining guides you're willing to follow them anywhere.
Thanks to the incredible chemistry of its two leads, I Love You, Man stands as one of the best buddy comedies since Swingers.
Feel the man love with I Love You, Man, a constantly entertaining comedy about marriage, love, and friendship which is aimed towards adults.
One of the funniest movies in a long time.
It's a solid entry in the we're-guys-who-are-kinda-sorta-maybe-growing-up-but-maybe-not genre, but when tedium threatens to take over the cast steps in and keeps it consistently funny from start to finish.
Rudd and Segel, who both appeared in Knocked Up and Forgetting Sarah Marshall, make a fine comic duo, clearly two different types but not one-dimensional stock characters.
The dude looking for a good grossout will be disappointed.
A mellow, Zen-like vibe trickles through this otherwise raunchy buddy comedy...
With discussions of music, relationships, aging and growing up, it acts like a latter-day Lemmon - Matthau comedy, with a sadness underneath that makes it authentic.
...the movie possesses a stagnant feel that inevitably diminishes its overall impact.
Rudd creates a likably, uniquely quirky and hilariously adorkable character that would be unthinkable played by anyone else.
The chemistry between leading men Paul Rudd and Jason Segel is fantastic and the setup, although slightly ridiculous, yields a mother lode of comedic situations.
Nothing much is ever really at stake, and though it's never really hysterical, it's pretty much constantly amusing.
"I Love You, Man" is going to make a lot of guys squirm, but only those who are uncomfortable with their own masculinity. Why can't guys talk about masturbating? Now, maybe they can.
With a better script, this movie could have been REALLY funny, instead of moderately so. Paul Rudd definitely has a gift for comic acting.
What is impressive about Hamburg's screenplay (co-written with John Levin) is the way it explores the complexities of modern, grown-up friendships, and especially the awkwardness of making new friends in middle age, while still retaining a bracing sense o
It's a smart comedy with plenty of broad, outrageous moments to keep things light.
Despite its continual profanity and sexual references, it isn't particularly offensive, just mostly forgettable.
[Segel's] performance here is loose and confident and very attractive. His star is rising.
Rudd ... is perfectly cast -- no actor this side of Hugh Grant is more comfortable getting flustered.
Ends up feeling like a tossed-off Judd Apatow photocopy.
In less sure hands this parade of oddities could have become tiresome. Which only makes Rudd's central performance more impressive, holding the entire edifice together by sheer force of personality.
This odd couple idea works well, mainly because Peter is dragged into some very silly situations as he tries to loosen up and find his inner dude.
Hamburg cleverly borrows the most cliched and vomiting-inducing scenes from your typical Hollywood romantic comedy and turns them upside down with hilarious results.
Romantic comedies are a staple of popular cinema and I Love You, Man follows a familiar trajectory, but in a refreshingly different way.
It's great for men, excellent for women and perfect for a metrosexual man-date.
A blokey comedy that ironically doubles as a good date movie, I Love You, Man is funny nonsense that just drops short of fulfilling its ripping premise.
I Love You, Man is a fun, charming comedy with the casual profanity of a bunch of dudes, but not a deep reliance on gross-out humor or sexcapades.
This variation on a theme of rom coms coughs up the brom com, a coarse and funny look at male bonding as it examines the difference between the sexes.
Call it a better-than-average comedy. When it comes to "I Love You, Man," I liked, not loved, the movie, man.
Rudd and Segel form an ideal comedy duo, one I hope to see on screen again very soon.
I wouldn't quite say love, but this film is really likeable. Whether you want to call it a bromance, or guy love ... it's just a good time at the movies.
Doce e engraçado, Eu Te Amo, Cara é uma grata surpresa em um gênero que cada vez menos oferece exemplares realmente dignos de nota.
In the coarse but compassionate style patented by Judd Apatow, the film is funny about the uncertain etiquette of incipient male friendships, but it drags a bit.
An outstanding cast makes it possible.
Amusing without being uproarious, I Love You Man manages to offset some of its raunchy dialogue and bad taste antics with good humour and charm.
Billed as a comedy 'bromance' I Love You, Man is an irreverent, stupid, at times touching, and very funny film about male bonding.
A lightweight, silly comedy with plenty of laughs and a very pleasant watch.
I Love You, Man may not be original but it's a good-natured dollop of forgettable fun.
An amusing scenario gets a big boost from winning performances all round - which lift it well above other bride vs. buddy 'triangle' japes like, say, You, Me And Dupree.
The concept is solid, applying rusty romcom clichés to a tale of new-found masculine buddydom. But the plot is scatty.
Making the previously implicit, very explicit - and funny.
Ultimately, I Love You, Man doesn't take us anywhere we haven't been before, but there is no shortage of laughs for those who decide to come along for the ride.
There are one or two decent lines, but after the initial setup, things flag and all I felt like confessing was my feelings of manly indifference to the pair of them.
All praise to Hamburg, for making a modest meal of frat-comedy leftovers into something just delightful.
There's continuous chuckles rather than a barrel of belly-laughs in this warm winner. A sweet, slightly shambling buddy-movie that will please those who prefer gags to gagging.
This is a brilliant date movie that you'll be able to relate to on some level - take your best friends too! Make it a double date movie.
He takes refuge in gross-out humour, running gags about dog poo and assumptions about male bonding that seem ridiculously immature, given the ages of the actors.
A buddy movie and a gross-out comedy rolled into one, it's an enjoyable and clever flick, even if it arouses more gentle titters than full-on belly laughs.
A female audience is sure to warm to him, while lads will enjoy the graphic sex and fart gags.
An amusing scenario gets a big boost from winning performances all round.
A strong supporting cast and at least half a dozen good laughs may be insufficient reward for some longueurs, several gags involving dog excrement, and perhaps rather too many scenes that are more excruciating than amusing.
Writer-director John Hamburg drastically misjudges audience sympathy here, because Syd isn't cool at all.
It's true that he, along with a load of risqué sexual chuckles and endearingly oddball plot-quirks, can't quite keep up the comic momentum but it's still a highly pleasing man-date movie that will tickle your girlfriend's fancy too.
The attempt to explore men's problems with something akin to intimacy founders on the sad fact that neither character is the least bit intriguing.
I Love You, Man is a sharply written, brilliantly acted and emotionally engaging film that is easily the funniest comedy of the year so far.
Starting with a pretty funny script, writer-director Hamburg lets his cast have a free hand with their characters, and the improvisational atmosphere is what makes this male-bonding comedy thoroughly engaging.
Watch I Love You, Man with your friends, and you'll see one film-a bawdy chucklefest about male bonding with puke and fart gags.
I Love You, Man isn't really the type of ribald comedy you can immediately relax into, but any squirming is engendered by the pain of recognition rather than a fault with the material; it's simply a little more truthful and close to the bone than expected
It's hard to believe that two grown men would be discussing masturbation habits on their second man-date - even so, Segel is credible as a plain-speaking man-boy. And Rudd persuades as a man seeking a boyhood he never had until now.
with wit, insight, and the occasional tasteless moment, takes on that delicate issue of bromance in the over-thirty set.
The problem is that its premise is absurd and its execution is ridiculous. However, if you've just come from a fraternity kegger you will no doubt find it hilarious.
The bro-mance is in full bloom!
Indeed, there is every reason to "man-up" in warped and witty I Love You, Man that plays like a screwy The Odd Couple in a millennium zoned-out state of arrested development.
A vulgar comedy that is pretty crude, but pretty funny, too.
A fairly diverting "bromance" that's sure to be a crowd pleaser.
The premise is modern, and brilliant; it could easily be used to delve substantively into the new, post-feminist (evolving? constricting? wounded?) male psyche. But the film eschews anything too complicated or dark, so laughs are counterbalanced with shru
Hilariously funny from beginning to end, "I Love You Man" will always be remembered as the film that launched Paul Rudd onto the "A" list.
finds room to celebrate the inner caveman without discarding all of the refinements
Paul Rudd is good as the awkward guy, perhaps too good. He makes the audience cringe and that is never a plus.
[Paul] Rudd, the most valuable player in many an Apatow supporting cast, is likable and funny and brings perfect pitch to the comedy of off-key awkwardness...
For most of the film's 104 minutes, the characters have experiences that range from serious to zany.
A bit of a mess, but it's funny more often than not, and at times it has real heart. If you can handle the language and gross gags, it could be good for a date or a guys' night out.
Even with a typical script, Jason Segel and especially Paul Rudd can carry it to a very funny level.
Unfortunately, Segel is overbearing as a know-it-all who isn't really a character but a collection of humorous quirks
I Love You, Man is the second movie this year -- He's Just Not That Into You being the first -- with a popular catchphrase for its title. This is one of the film's few distinctions.
Ends up stepping on dog poop.... .
Man do I Love this film!
Think back a few years, when there were few R-rated adult comedies around.
This is Judd Apatow material with Apatow nowhere to be found. But it is funny.
I hesitate to call the film "touching" because that's kind of the antithesis of R-rated humor. So instead I will say that I Love You, Man locates comedy in the truth, and I laughed consistently.
A sweet, quickly told story and very good writing makes it very easy to love I Love You, Man. Another plus: it's not produced, written or directed by Judd Apatow.
A gross-out comedy aimed at dudes who dig crude slapstick along with sporadic, if superficial shock value.
...an affable buddy comedy that goes in the right directions and pushes the right buttons.
I Love You, Man is basically just an excuse to get Rudd and Segel together to share the spotlight for 105 minutes while exchanging banter and giving a glimpse into how some men really think. For me, that alone is worth the price of admission.
(W)hat's clear about John Hamburg's trend following entertainment is that it feels forced together, as if a smart, sunny couples comedy was injected with a copy of Jokes from the John.
Man crushes have been around since Jesus and Peter, Tom Hanks and the other dude from "Bosom Buddies," and Tom Hanks and that mute volleyball Wilson from "Castaway." But they've never been hotter then here
It's as if the producers got Jason Segel attached to the movie and made it as fast as possible in order to cash in on his success with Forgetting Sarah Marshall.
It's nevertheless rousingly funny at times, and overarchingly sweet, in the Apatow manner.
[I]f you're in the mood for some straight-faced absurdism this weekend, "I Love You, Man" delivers.
A refreshingly delightful and intelligent comedy filled with warmth, charisma and wit.
I Love You, Man doesn't provide much in the way of large belly laughs. But it's pleasurable enough to paste a smile on the face for the majority of its running time.
I Love You, Man is a top-notch Judd Apatow comedy - without Apatow's name anywhere on the credits.
It's a thin premise, and I Love You, Man features the usual quota of jokes involving masturbation, projectile vomiting and flatulence. But is it worth it? Thanks to Rudd and Segel (and some terrific cameos), totes magotes.
The picture is worth catching for the delicate and toxic nuances of Rudd's performance.
But for every moment of greatness there are two or three of such odious idiocy and ineptitude I almost wanted to scream at the screen in anger.
It may not be the freshest comedy, but it has the year's biggest laughs.
Though the script doesn't always rise to their level, I Love You, Man is more than worth seeing for the chemistry between the shambling Segel and the endlessly inventive Rudd.
Really, I Love You, Man is a wonderfully clever romantic comedy, it just happens that the love is platonic and between two guys.
It's really, really funny
It's a hilarious comedy made even more successful because so much of the satire seems fresh.
The marvelous thing about John Hamburg's new comedy, I Love You, Man, is that rather than conforming to fit into some preexisting trend, it recognizes and even exalts in the reality that close male friendships can be a source of confusion and awkwardness.
We're willing to overlook an empty plot as long as we get to hang out with these amiable folks for a couple hours.
A bang-up comedy for about 40 minutes that hits, misses and meanders after that.
Chillax with a laugh-out-loud marathon that's even better than 'The Wedding Crashers'.
Good-natured but slightly toothless and, in the end, forgettable.
A typical Hollywood comedy with this plot could have easily descended into a litany of gay-panic moments and not-so-veiled homophobia. But I Love You, Man thankfully avoids that trap.
Luckily, the cast is so winning, that the occasional sexism can be ignored, and the off-the-wall pop culture name-checks (Lou Ferrigno, as a guest star?) enjoyed.
I Love You, Man, which is like listening to a 105-minute conversation be tween Ross and Joey on Friends, looks like it might be a Judd Apatow movie in the same way Brett Favre, in a Jets uniform, looked like he might still know how to play quarterback.
In the end, this is all Rudd's movie.
A fresh, macho-crude, sensitive as it has to be, and hilarious spin on the 'relationship' movie, featuring a couple of Judd Apatow rep company players doing 'bro-love' in the style of their mentor.
In almost every major detail and minor plot hiccup, the sweet, vulgar, hilariously awkward I Love You, Man follows Ye Olde Formulae for standard romantic comedies.
It's a one-joke pony, but director John Hamburg and his screenwriters manage to stretch it to nearly two hours of hilarity and quasi-profundity.
The comedy I Love You, Man marks the overdue emergence of Paul Rudd as a star.
This comedy of manners, about the anxieties of modern male friendship, gets the balance of smarts and raunch exactly right. Plus, costars Paul Rudd and Jason Segel could not be more likeable, funny and on their game.
I Love You, Man is a success; it's Fight Club with hugs, not fists.
As sweet as it is tart.
I Love You, Man feels like a clever concept in search of a completely developed movie.
Its wit and ingenuous characters prove how far the bar's been raised.
A shrewd balancing act between organic and artificial laughs. Even when it swings low, it connects.
I Love You, Man has a great premise, enough laugh-out-loud jokes and plenty of awkwardness to warrant a viewing.
I Love You, Man doesn't need the 'talk' to speak to the guys in the audience, because just about everything that needs to be said is right there on the screen and is usually accompanied by a huge laugh.
Parental Content Review
Hilarious
A fitfully funny comedy that owes much to Judd Apatow.
Despite the clever premise and several laugh-aloud moments, the film as a whole underwhelms.
The film is a hoot in large part thanks to its terrific male leads Paul Rudd and Jason Segel and a great supporting cast.
I love I Love You, Man.
Although it is a mess by virtually every aesthetic standard that one could possibly think of, it contains just enough laugh-out-loud moments to allow you to more or less push its numerous problems to the side for at least the duration of its running time.
This full-court press on the bromantic comedy idea works because the rock's been put in the hands of the perfectly paired Paul Rudd and Jason Segel. Thanks to friend chemistry better than most movies' lovers, the film never lets up on tenacious glee.
...it is scientifically impossible not to like Paul Rudd.
This excruciating film is such an idiotic fantasy, it's little more than a cartoon. Apparently Hamburg formed his impression of "real men" from beer commercials.
delightfully crude and side-splittingly funny
A very funny comedy about the difficulty of making and keeping adult male friendships alive in these fast-paced times.
Smarter than it looks from its ubiquitous trailer, but not smart enough to be a fully satisfying adult comedy.
...starts with a high concept that Rudd and Segel take to the finish line. This is a buddy movie that women can enjoy, a surprisingly sweet take on male friendship that still has its testosterone intact.
I Love You, Man's light-hearted exploration of male bonding provides substantial fodder for humor, heightened by the inspired casting of two of the industry's most appealing comic actors.
Rudd is at his best in the small moments when his character is trying hard to be a "regular guy" even though in his heart he suspects that whatever it takes, it is beyond him.
In a down market for giggles (Miss March? Please!), Paul Rudd and Jason Segel are howlingly funny. They have skills.
It never settles into a comfortable comic groove, but maybe discomfort is the point.
I Love You, Man could have been so much more than the series of missed opportunities -- not to mention the predictable humor -- it turned out to be.
Writer/director John Hamburg smartly tweaks Hollywood formulas while following them to the letter, and it's the way everybody plays things perfectly straight (so to speak) that makes ILYM so much fun.
It's surprisingly sweet and genuine.
...a sort of Odd Couple for the 21st century...
The crude humor about masturbation, dog feces and projectile vomiting is disappointingly familiar, as are the character archetypes.
The movie is The Odd Couple with a looser vibe and more oral sex references.
Among those buddy films lately called 'bromances,' ILYM is both the best friend and best man.
While some are pigeonholing I Love You, Man as just another bromantic comedy set in the smelly recesses of the man-cave, it has a fresh spin.
Charmless and abysmally unfunny from one end to the next, condescension and desperation seeping from its filmic pores. At this early date in March, it is the year's first lock for December's annual worst list.
It's a bromance that's out and proud. In the liberation are the laughs, and they stick to your ribs longer than you'd think.
What saves I Love You, Man, at least partially, is the relaxed chemistry between Paul Rudd and Jason Segel, both very funny men who are genuine enough to push back against a premise that's often maddeningly artificial.
poised to be the comedy film to beat this year with its unique spin on the importance of best friends.
I Love You, Man makes sure to give audiences exactly what they're expecting, but I couldn't shake the sense that the whole thing felt compulsory.
The key to the success of I Love You, Man is that both actors deliver recognizably human performances within the formulaic structure.
The resulting quest is hilarious and socially astute, because co-writer/director John Hamburg keeps the story grounded in a Judd Apatow-ish reality that never edges into the surreal.
Even though I Love You, Man supplies plenty of cringes, it also has overtones of warmth and undertones of real humor, and two stars -- Paul Rudd and Jason Segel -- who do what they do with aplomb.
This fluffball is as toothless as an octogenarian lion.
It's funny with some dumb physical humor, yes, and some gross-out jokes apparently necessary to all buddy movies, but also funny in observations, dialogue, physical behavior and Sydney Fife's observations as a people-watcher.
Consistently hilarious. Rudd and Segel [are] an ideal comic pair.
A gracious comedy that handles itself well on the subjects of broheem friendships, self-worth, and Lou Ferrigno's sleeper hold. Any worn-out plot mechanics need not apply.
Butch and Sundance ended their hetero romance in a shower of bullets, but here it's something to celebrate - a straight love story that doesn't leave anyone out in the cold.
One of those guilty-pleasure movies...funnier than Bride Wars, New in Town or Confessions of a Shopaholic -- combined.
Hamburg is never more than a minute or two away from getting something funny out of one of his actors.
One of the few touchy-feely relationship comedies that will probably play as well or better with guys than it does with women.
Paul Rudd gives a startlingly funny and original performance as a nice guy with serious dweebish tendencies, and the delight of what Rudd does here comes down to how exquisitely embarrassing he is to watch.
Rudd and Segel, whose on-screen chemistry is one of the movie's sublime pleasures, take what might have been a slick, formulaic exercise and turn it into the year's funniest film to date with their unselfconscious physical humor and goofy repartee.
I sort of like you, man..
From its snarky title on down, everything about I Love You, Man ignores the complexities of male identity.
Unlike Apatow opuses, Hamburg knows not to overstay his welcome. I Love You, Man is a the biff-bam/thank-you-man of "boys need boyfriends" comedies.
It's just a well-made, ribald comedy by people who are really good at this kind of thing.
It spends a full 104 minutes on an idea so artificial that it could have been handled in a sitcom in 22--and a mediocre sitcom at that.
Just as we thought the "bromantic comedy" had overstayed its welcome, the genre reaches its highest point with I Love You, Man.
[W]hile the laughs never stop, the movie never soars into smarter or more outrageous territory than it initially occupies.
I never thought I'd see the movie that made me laugh consistently with references to Lou Ferrigno, Rush and 'Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium.'
The beauty of it lies both in the details of the relationship and the larger chemistry Rudd and Segel share.
Paul Rudd's understated comic genius comes to the fore in this nuanced romantic comedy that's as much about the intricacies of male bonding as it is about the invisible line between male/female relationships.
A drearily tame learning-and-growing homosocial comedy.
Although Rudd and Segel are charming guys, and it can be a kick to watch them throw improvised riffs at one another, that's not sufficient justification for an entire movie.
Predictable, far from hilarious, with director John Hamburg's coming across as second-tier Judd Apatow
A pal from hell premarital grossout kept afloat by meek makeover man Rudd and brazenly wacko Segel. But those prenuptial same sex chum assignments, public poop pooch pride, and a cozy nook filled with masturbatory chachkas, feel less bonded.
The slight Rudd and the gangly Segel strike the right physical contrast for comedy. And they're playing an odd couple reminiscent of Neil Simon's classic pairing of a fussbudget and a slob.
Highly recommended, primarily because of the infectious camaraderie of co-stars Paul Rudd and Jason Segel, as well as for the casually-captivating screen chemistry of Rashida Jones.
Pic never surmounts a deeply lame central premise that makes most of the action seem fraudulent and thoroughly unnecessary.
I Love You, Man is totally formulaic, but the formula is unnervingly (and hilariously) inside out.
A Judd Apatow-esque mix of the buddy and romantic comedy genres, I Love You, Man hits the funny bone often if never particularly hard.
Will be remembered as the movie that turned Paul Rudd from a dependable supporting player into a comic force to be reckoned with.
Luckily there's no such thing as too much Jason Segel and Paul Rudd goofing around, but I Love You Man comes dangerously close to it.
It's not bad. It's often really funny. But it's almost completely ephemeral; there's barely a story in the film, just a concept geared towards getting Rudd and Segel hanging out onscreen for 90 or so minutes.
Hamburg's serio comedy is a leap forward compared with his former banal work, but dealing with male camaraderie, it suffers from lack of chemistry between Rudd and his fiancee, making it all the more apparent that he has better time with his buddy Segel
This is a film that right out of the gate, brings you into the humor and it doesn't stop throughout the entire movie.
Rudd and Segel excel with a smart script and Rashida Jones is very funny and authentic.
Paul Rudd cements his status as Hollywood's newest A-list movie star in this light and funny "bromantic" comedy.
It's the inspired casting of Rudd and Segel -- both Apatow vets -- that most effectively brings out the film's unexpected charms.

@highlight

I Love You, Man makes the most of its simple premise due to the heartfelt and hilarious performances of Paul Rudd and Jason Segel.