Vol. 2 fills in the motivational and emotional blanks that left the first movie tasting like a meal made only of appetizers.
I don't even want to do Tarantino and his pathetic accomplices the honour of recounting the narrative of the second "volume" of this exercise in trashpedalling, and frankly I don't need to, because there isn't a plot to speak of.
Where KB1 had the pace of an ADHD six-year-old on a sugar high, KB2 has been Ritalinized, its tempo slowed to a crawl in self-conscious, and self-defeating, imitation of Sergio Leone. It's two hours that feel like five.
Where Volume 1 is about action, Volume 2 is talk, Tarantino's stock in trade, and it's good (if somewhat long winded) talk. It's also another roll call of Tarantino's cinematic loves ...
It has its moments, and Thurman is an appealing heroine. But on the whole, this is a disjointed, disappointing and monstrously self-indulgent exercise.
If Kill Bill - Vol. 1 was like a roundhouse kick to the head, Vol. 2 is practically a warm hug.
Sequel just as over-the-top explicitly violent.
Although it's a gigantic shame that Miramax split Quentin Tarantino's long awaited 'kung-fu samurai Spaghetti Western love story' epic into two halves, "Kill Bill Vol. 2" pays off in spades...
Quentin Tarantino revels in the art and craft of cinema; so much so he has managed to mine all his favourite genres and make the style the substance.
Full of surprises and cinematic homage.
If Kill Bill is a comeback film, Tarantino's future career prospects look about as good as Mike Tyson's. The Emperor's new clothes are showing.
Though Vol. 2's body count is of necessity smaller than that of its predecessor, the brutality hurts more here, and counts for more.
The Tarantino style has been copied a thousand times over since Pulp Fiction, what Kill Bill: Vol. 2 proves is that he's still the master.
Much like the classic spaghetti Westerns and kung fu flicks, Tarantino paradoxically manages to glorify and condemn the violence of his characters.
Tarantino is killing off his mentors - directors who have passed or should have passed the torch long ago - to pave the future of cinema.
Those turned off by the first part's reckless, relentless violent purges aren't likely to find cause for conversion, but Vol. 2 certainly broadens the tale's remit, even as it aims to deepen it.
He saved the best for last.
Soulless.
The second movie's action is limited to 2-3 fights, the rest are long conversations and introspection. It is a far bleaker, more serious and dry affair -- but also a more fascinating character study.
Chattily cruel, ecstatically gentle, Vol 2 creates an off-centre world you don't want to leave.
The closer the Bride gets to her true goal, the more human she becomes. Some scenes near the conclusion have a lot of heart in them.
Vol. 2 is a great conclusion to a great (albeit, as of yet, nonexistent except in theory) film, but it is not a great film.
Mesmo com todas as suas falhas, produz um número suficiente de surpresas narrativas que o situam acima da maior parte do lixo que Hollywood produziu em 2004.
Disposable scenes mar "Kill Bill Vol. 2."
It stands alone as one of the year's most entertaining films.
Shows a talented filmmaker and brilliant pop-culture mind wrestling with his often distasteful sexual predilections.
I've lost my sweet tooth for slice-and-dice escapism, and perhaps this is why I feel the need to see movies that don't simply glamorize or fetishize or supernaturalize brutality.
Tarantino still hasn't a lot to say in Kill Bill 2, but he says it with such high style, you have to sit up and take notice.
The pop encyclopedist and video-store genius has become a megalomaniac, and the exhilarating filmmaker he might have been is disappearing fast.
'Tarantino deja un buen sabor de boca con esta cinta que es bastante más sólida e interesante que su antecesora.'
Alone, or stitched onto the end of Volume 1, the second part of Kill Bill could not feel more satisfying.
It's hard to believe that Quentin Tarantino's second volume would be so limited in violence considering his first three films.
Tarantino has indulged his whims...and paid passionate tribute to the Asian and American directors who influenced him.
Menos mal que no hay una Kill Bill Volumen 3, porque sería imposible imaginarse cómo Quentin Tarantino podría volver a superarse a sí mismo... una vez más.
"Volume 2" was about a million times better than "Volume 1." Unfortunately though, one million times zero is still zero.
La unión de las dos partes convierte a la historia en una excelente cinta tatuada con la marca Tarantino.
The massive combination of the first and second Kill Bill movies stands as a testament to both Tarantino's exceptional skill as a filmmaker and the possibilities of pop cinema.
In her discernible contempt, Elle stands (and kicks, and punches, and shoots, and swordfights) in some opposition to Beatrix, whose ferocity is less mean than resolute.
The Kill Bill films leave me cold. For all their technical interest, the films still feel like an arrogant "aren't I clever and neato?" showboating move.
If he doesn't take care Tarantino could make something significantly worse.
Go see it, laugh and flinch in all the right places, have a ball, but don't expect to remember this for years to come.
What 2 has is more heart and a lightness in tone, even while dealing with more serious issues than merely revenge.
This part of the story peels away at the heart and emotions of its central characters.
Tries to be the "Ulysses" of exploitation films.
A less violent, less successful movie that would have balanced the first film's kinetic energy had it been shown as Tarantino originally intended: as an uninterrupted whole.
A gargantuanly entertaining double feature.
It exhilarates even as it maddens.
There is much to admire but little to love. Tarantino is not a director who engages on an emotional level.
This is a movie of head-spinning richness.
At its best, [Tarantino's] referencing ... completely reimagin[es] the original for a new context. At its worst, it's simply name-dropping.
You know, I really liked all of the characters in these two movies.
brings a genuinely surprising depth of feeling to the proceedings by filling in the emotional and narrative gaps left hanging in the first volume
Kill Bill finds Tarantino at the top of his rebel-rousing game, with both guns blazing and taking no prisoners.
Longer, more dialogue-heavy and with less cinematic flourishes than Volume 1, but still just about delivering the goods in terms of crowd-pleasing action sequences.
Of the two Bills, make no mistake, Volume 2 is better.
... Kill Bill, Vol. 2 turns out to be exploitation dominated by speeches worthy of Shakespearean tragedy, punctuated with a few choice fight scenes.
People who stayed away from Vol. 1 because of its genre-dictated violence may find Vol. 2 so much fun that they'll want to catch up on Vol. 1.
In the killer moment, the Bride is buried alive and must think outside the box, as it were....[But] it's Tarantino who kills Bill, not with the sword, but with a lazy pen.
No fan of the first volume can justify missing this one, but only several moments are worth getting excited over.
...gleefully directed and lovingly shot...
More is less in this needlessly talky, surprisingly unstylish, and disappointingly dull affair. Yet stitch together Vol. 1 & 2 and you've got a different story altogether.
If 'Vol. 1' was pure cinema, composed entirely of pulp dreams, 'Vol. 2' finds the Bride awakening to the consequences of something approximating the real world...
A great, glorious, wildly inventive joke, milking everything that appeals to Tarantino about the movies.
Kill Bill 2 is a non-stop visual bombardment of cinematic pop artistry accented with action-pulp hued genius!
This is bold, breathtaking cinema that makes me remember why I love the movies.
Volume 2 upends expectations in humorous ways, but it also offers more of what audiences anticipate from a Tarantino movie.
The next step in the Kill Bill saga will come, a la The Godfather movies, when Tarantino combines volume one and two into a single film
Part comic book, part love story, it's completely and thrillingly audacious.
This is a film of mythic proportions.
V1 Bad - V2 Good
While the first movie was fun in a perverted, frenetic kind of way, the second volume is bloated, slow-moving, pretentious, and self-indulgent.
Volume 1 diehards will inevitably feel let down, but Volume 2 is nevertheless the superior movie.
What leaps up at you immediately with Vol. 2 is that the completion of this story cycle marks a startling tonal shift from Vol. 1.
Is it just me or does David Carradine look like he just he just came off the night shift at an Indian Casino?
After fast paced, over the top action in Part One, Kill Bill 2 offers a great blend of action, compelling story and excellent acting.
The death of her daughter is her driving inspiration. The Bride is motivated by love, and that theme is even more resonant in Vol. 2.
Tarantino's pulverizing and oddly poetic exposition continues where it left off by steam-rolling its farfetched and flaunting escapist visual escapades to the ultimate limit
Almost breathless in returning to genre-driven character pieces, Volume Two helps one to forget the misguided rape-revenge fanstasy of Part One.
A blast to watch.
Filled with pop culture references and iconic images paying homage to a myriad of action films, and seen together, as they will be on DVD, Vol. 1 and Vol. 2 pack a mighty wallop as an epic, brutal revenge thriller.
Though the movie's lack of violence ... might turn off impatient viewers, Volume 2 is ultimately a far more rewarding experience than its predecessor.
Strong back-stories add a viscerally entertaining punch--scary, jarring, funny, touching--that keeps a smile firmly fixed on our face.
A film for the lovers of good filmmaking techniques despite the lesser qualities of the subject-matter.
It's Tarantino paying homage to Tarantino.
After the sheer movie-mad pop sensibility and stylized violence of Vol. 1, Vol. 2 is a bit of a let down
Congratulations, Quentin Tarantino and Miramax. With Kill Bill, you single-handedly turned a brilliant motion picture into two lesser one's.
for all the craft that's gone into Kill Bill, Vol. 2, despite the chance Tarantino has taken in departing from the wham-bam movement of the first half, my final reaction to the movie is, so what?
This shows that Quentin Tarantino is one of the greats...
Vol. 2 meanders rather than belabors, yet by the end all the stray threads have snapped together with the authority of a noose.
I liked this movie, but it didn't bowl me over as much as the first volume did.
Tarantino's films are rarely nice. People get eviscerated, browbeaten, whipped, shot, stabbed, mutilated, eaten alive, eyes plucked out and endure a smorgasbord of Big Kahuna Burgers.
If Vol. 1 could be likened to a 100-yard dash, than Vol. 2 is akin to a mile-run, with the performers pacing themselves at strategic points.
An over-long exercise in resolution, denouement and style.
As an homage-laiden mash-up of western and kung fu...the second volume is a treasure, but especially when stitched back on to its predecessor.
It may not be for all tastes, but dull it definitely is not.
A vivid stylistic creation for fans who enjoy a little stretch of the imagination muscles and the willingness to go where the master propels them.
A comic book at heart, albeit a thoroughly, grandly romantic one in the end.
A soul-deadening experience.
Flat-out boring.
The more intense your own relationship with movies, the harder it is to resist Tarantino's love of reinvigorating the exploitation icons of his youth and synthesizing the vivid movie-going experiences of his cherished memories.
Revenge is a meal that gets better with the second course.
It's flawed but so audaciously unique that I can't imagine missing it if you love movies.
A witty and entertaining action movie.
Not so much dramatizing as frisking its themes, Vol. 2 has more story, more emotion, more breath-held quiet times to coax and trigger the tensions.
Simply one of the best films, period.
A film that exemplifies WHY we go to the movies.
For nonfans, Vol. 2 will do little to make the characters more involving.
No one could have guessed Tarantino's second geek-movie apotheosis would be so much better than the first.
Carradine, heard but not seen in the first movie, gives Kill Bill: Vol. 2 a warmth and dignity its predecessor lacked; we come to understand his motives as well as we comprehend The Bride's.
If Kill Bill Vol. 1 was bloody exhilarating, Vol. 2 is bloody great. And, as a bonus, not nearly so bloody.
Although Vol. 2 certainly doesn't skimp on action, there's far less killing here than in Vol. 1. And as the themes deepen, the film assumes an unexpected poignancy.
While Tarantino's famous fight sequences are grisly, funny and genuinely entertaining, his love scenes are so tender, so fraught, you fear for the safety of your own heart.
Betraying its origins as the last half of another movie, rather than its own entity, Kill Bill Vol. 2 feels like leftovers.
Half a movie is better than none. Especially if it's the better half of a movie that should have been one.
A dulling experience that can safely be admired from afar without it ever engaging the senses.
Vol. 2 isn't exactly disappointing, and like all of Tarantino's movies, I suspect it will improve with repeated viewings. But for now, Vol. 2 leaves you pondering what could have been.
Vol. 2 slowly wears out its welcome with its empty oratory.
Kill Bill is a triumphant achievement in American film, a cut-and-paste epic celebrating the crudest and most noblest human traits.
Kill Bill - Vol. 2 finishes the job -- and then some.
For those eager to take the ride, this is a nostalgic banquet of movie cliches lovingly preserved and enshrined.
If Vol. 1 was a flat-out romp of excess and cartoon violence, Vol. 2 makes you pay an emotional toll for enjoying the spectacle.
So much cinematic majesty perched precariously atop so little common sense ... [but] a castle with a shaky foundation is still quite a sight.
While VOLUME 1 ended in overdrive, VOLUME 2 rarely gets out of third gear before finally running out of gas and mercifully sputtering to a halt
Kill Bill Vol. 2 is violent, smart, funny, fast, bloody, overblown, explosive and surprisingly romantic. And utterly, utterly crazy cool.
Kill Bill Vol. 2 is the movie that makes movie geekdom seem sexy.
Those who enjoyed the first Kill Bill will be surprised and entertained by this sequel, which nicely wraps up all the loose ends that were left dangling. At least when it's not assaulting your sensibilities.
Wildly entertaining and smart, the Kill Bill movies are full of genre-loving savvy, grind-house vigor and liberating energies.
In Kill Bill - Vol. 2, cool has rediscovered its medium. It has found its master.
An exuberant celebration of moviemaking.
A film richer in every way than its illustrious, callow predecessor.
As usual, there's plenty of Tarentino's meaty dialogue to go along with the action, and some wonderful performances, particularly by Thurman, who is utterly relentless here.
Vol. 2 isn't icing on the cake; it is the cake.
Oh...OK! So that's what happened! This answers all my questions about the first one.
I'm left hoping in vain for Volume 3
If you saw Kill Bill Vol. 1, then Kill Bill Vol. 2 is required viewing. However, I don't think you'll find it as unique a movie-going experience as its predecessor.
As Volume 1 delivered a supercharged splatterfest, an adrenaline-saturated buzz saw of fury, Volume 2 pounds you with its emotion and Tarantino's dialogue.
The first film felt like a blender set to 'high'; the second sits down and contemplates what came splattering out.
One of the most entertaining movies of the year so far, Kill Bill Vol. 2 is twice as good as its predecessor and about half as violent.
The enterprise may simply be a 'tale of bloody revenge' as Carradine says, but it's one that showcases Tarantino as a visionary director
Violence, revenge, style, music, and Uma Thurman. It's time for another volume of Kill Bill
"Kill Bill: Volume 2" commits the ultimate crime of being boring. What could have been one of the best action films of all time turns into a mediocre, frustrating film.
Treads emotional waters that barely rippled the surface of Volume 1.
Less action, more story - all Tarantino.
Kicks down the door with a primal scream, sticks up the cash register and holds moviegoers hostage.
It's the original "Volume" turned down, so that you can hear the considerably larger amounts of dialogue.
Maybe if Tarantino hadn't sprinted so hard early on, he wouldn't have run out of gas right when it mattered.
Vol. 2 finally tells us why we should care why Bill gets killed in the first place.
Mind-numbingly brilliant.
KB2 is still basically a cartoon, albeit a more elaborately illustrated one...
Now this is more like it! Mostly you remember the sadness -- a strange, tired melancholy distilled from a thousand weary Westerns
Michael Madsen, Daryl Hannah, and David Carradine are simply more fun to watch than Lucy Liu and Vivica A. Fox.
Chapter 75: Quentin Still Loves Himself (Lest You Thought It Was Only a Summer Thing)
Second installment of Tarantino's meta-movie revenge fantasy is a very different film than Vol. 1, but just as good.
What should have been a comic strip has turned into a bloated coffee-table book, smacking of self-indulgence.
In and of itself, Kill Bill Vol. 2 is a worthy (and different) successor to Vol. 1. But its real worth can only be appreciated as part of the whole saga...
As a complete work, Kill Bill is not only Tarantino's finest work to date, but it's also one of the greatest movies ever made.
Though much of the film is a lot of fun, it needs a good editor.
Watching it is like watching a symphony. You know every part, even for the lesser-used instruments, has been composed deliberately, with concern for the product as a whole.
Many sumptuous ingredients, perhaps more than necessary, ultimately and surprisingly delivering an operatic tale of the unstoppable force of motherhood.
Satisfyingly funny, violent and well-acted that even those who dismissed the first part as being nothing but mindless action and gore will find much to enjoy this time around.
Someone old, someone bled, someone killed, someone dead.
The sword doesn't claim a single victim this go 'round, thus claiming Tarantino's pen as the mightier.
Kill Bill Vol. 2 is even better than Vol. 1.
A very good movie.
If Vol. 1 is more Pulp Fiction than Vol. 2 is more Jackie Brown.
An impressive, engrossing and almost nostalgic tribute to a world found only in the movies, and to the movies it was found in.
...or, How to Turn One Brilliant Experience Into Two Very Good Ones
There's more wordplay than swordplay in this thorough conclusion, but that just gives writer-director Quentin Tarantino room to strut his cinematic talents.
They spend a little too much time yapping, not enough time whacking. Especially in a movie called Kill Bill.
Coppola's fourth film as a director was The Godfather and Scorsese's was Taxi Driver. Tough acts to follow, but Tarantino gives it his best shot with Kill Bill.
Tarantino promised that Vol. 2 would be more of his style of slick dialogue, pop culture, & badass characters, with a little less action. That's a vast understatement.
As gloriously cinematic as it is completely over the top in the best possible way.
Tarantino crafts tranquil conversational dialogue so powerful, I was practically moved to tears despite said conversation not being particularly emotional.
Kill Bill, Vol. 2 is pure B-movie bliss.
the tension Carradine and Thurman generate in the pivotal scene, as bloodlust collides with memories of happier days, is utterly riveting.
Kill Bill's two-pack isn't of Godfather caliber ... [b]ut its scope, filmmaking ambition and uniquely twisted point of view make it worthy of being seen some day in a chronological home version.
When not being a colossal bore, Tarantino takes pleasure in offending our moral sensibilities with his adoring portrait of a natural born killer with a thirst for revenge.
Vol. 2 is nowhere near as explicit in its violence [as Vol. 1], but it is more emotionally explicit.
Kill Bill, Volumes 1 and 2 are great fun, but when they're over there's nothing to make us question our addiction to violent fantasies of retribution. The whole is a little less than the sum of its volumes.
Technically, it's an exhilarating piece of filmmaking.
Quentin Tarantino's deliciously perverse semisequel is the most voluptuous comic-book movie ever made.
A blast of pure pop pleasure.
Vol. 2 concludes the tale, but it heads to the finish line with a casual stroll, not a sprint.
Tarantino has always been an inventive director, and in Kill Bill: Vol. 2 he's at his cinematic best, showing an ingenuity that nothing in his monster hit Pulp Fiction surpasses.
The whole is never more than the sum of its parts, no matter how well-crafted those parts are.
As emotional as Volume 1 was visceral. Quentin Tarantino's foot fetish finally pays off in the final gag of the Elle Driver fight.
What really makes Vol. 2 stand apart from the first film is the emotional depth of this half of the saga.
Kill Bill Vol. 2 is still pulp, but it is elegant pulp.
Tarantino shows more skill in this average movie than some directors could in their best work.
While Vol. 2 has its breathtaking moments, it is self-indulgent, unmemorable and almost completely uninvolving.
While Vol. 1 was energetic and entertaining, Vol. 2 is elegant and intelligent making the overall experience powerful and memorable.
A rip-roaring, highly entertaining, extremely enjoyable continuation to Vol. 1.
At times, you may find yourself wishing that Bill or the Bride would just shut up and kill somebody.
The second movie is less kinetic but more satisfying.
Kill Bill is silly stuff -- but it's transcendental silliness.
A powerhouse movie.
Kill Bill, Vol. 2 is every bit as wild a joyride as its prelude, but packed with richer, more resonant characters.
Vol. 2 is the most sheerly enjoyable movie I've seen in ages, allowing for all the intimacy that was missing from its predecessor.
For those seeking the vibrant innovation of Tarantino's first movies or the sheer rush of Kill Bill, Vol. 1, Vol. 2 feels like a dulled blade.
While Tarantino has toned down the action scenes, the way he films them can still surprise.
Is this what we were waiting for? Now we know why Miramax took a Hattori Hanzi sword to Quentin Tarantino's latest production and divided it in two.
It takes a movie like "Kill Bill Vol.2" to serve as a reminder that movies should be entertaining, even as perversely entertaining as this ode to Kung-Fu theater.
Aside from the films' contrary ambiences-which we might term excess vs. focus-this principle of twos reveals itself in Tarantino's casting.
Neither as giddy nor as viscerally satisfying as its predecessor, Kill Bill Vol. 2 aspires to be the thinking man's genre mash-up.
Uma Thurman makes cinema history as one of the great female action-adventure heroes.
[S]o good you want to shower it with bloody expletives.
Everything Kill Bill: Volume 1 lacked in depth and character is remedied tenfold in Quentin Tarantino's stunning, cunning conclusion to his epic revenge fantasy.
The work of a filmmaker who, given a massive budget, got his jollies out of the way early, and then sat down to make something real.
A more fitting title for the stale and padded second installment would be Overkill Bill.
It's as if someone finally got Tarantino to sit down, quit playing around, and really tell a story.
The reason a lot of us started to go to movies in the first place.
VOL. 1 was inherently more fun -- more action, more style, more cool combat -- but even so, this latest effort is deeper, more resonant, and more complex.
With the second installment, Tarantino -- famous as an inspired manipulator of genre, less proven as a filmmaker of soul -- shows his shy but ardent, cinephiliac understanding of American sentiment and yearning.
Those with indomitable patience may find some reward in the final half hour of Vol. 2.
Volume 2 gets off to a terrific start.
Corrige tous les défauts du premier film. Un vrai délice!
The thrill has been completely abandoned in Volume 2, which trades its buckets of crimson blood for pages of dry dialogue that bring us nowhere new
Kill Bill Vol. 2 may well disappoint fans who loved the first half’s dynamism, but in its way, the new movie has the subtlety of Tarantino’s Jackie Brown.
As much as I loved Kill Bill Vol. 1, it's through Vol. 2 that it all comes together so beautifully.
Kill Bill Vol 2 is a showdown with a satisfying, fitting, and true end as only Tarantino could envision.
Tarantino elevates Uma Thurman into the action-flick firmament -- she's the lethal Marlene Dietrich projected by his geek Josef von Sternberg.
Kill Bill finds Tarantino at the top of his rebel-rousing game, with both guns blazing and taking no prisoners.
This is, to cut to the chase, a masterpiece.
Overall it may prove a letdown for those expecting the energy and deft takeoff-homage character of the previous film. Still, it has just enough going for it to get by.
Quentin Tarantino's unabashed revenge epic evolves into a full-bodied, daring climax in Kill Bill Vol. 2.
You love watching the events unfold and savor with anticipation every action on the screen.
Peerless finale to a brilliant revenge tale. Tarantino is a master!
You'll thrill to the action, savor the tasty dialogue and laugh like bloody hell.
What Quentin Tarantino started with a wham he finishes with a bang in Kill Bill Vol. 2.
Here's a movie that both academics bundled in film theories and teenagers on hot dates will find supercool.
A beautiful, twisted, complex martial arts soap opera.







@highlight

Kill Bill: Volume 2 adds extra plot and dialogue to the action-heavy exploits of its predecessor, while still managing to deliver a suitably hard-hitting sequel.