Diaz's plotline seems to revolve solely around an argument with Morrison over the merits of circumcision. She's pro-cut. He's fanatically anti-cut. Clearly, as is the film's editor.
What to Expect When You're Expecting provides a snapshot of contemporary anxieties about imminent parenthood, but it may be more worthwhile as a document for future pop culture scholars to use to understand what was trendy in 2012.
The charismatic cast (particularly Banks and Lopez) manage to find the humanity in their clichéd roles but they can't transcend all the surface-level schmaltz on display here.
Provides good chuckles and heartfelt drama - paired with an equal amount of familiar gags and flat story ideas.
What To Expect When You're Expecting delivers a stale plot, mostly underwritten characters and almost no joy. Expect little and you may not be entirely disappointed.
The highs, lows, unexpected joys and totally expected pains of pregnancy get a comprehensive going over in this consistently funny, warm-hearted ensemble comedy.
Too bad you can't watch What to Expect When You're Expecting the way most people read the best-selling self-help book: by skipping the unnecessary bits and diving into the important stuff.
A dirty diaper bag of sex jokes, sentimental mush, cartoonish claptrap and weary parent-to-be cliches.
Those who don't have children would find it rather agonising, while those who do might not wish to pay a babysitter for the pleasure of seeing a film about nappies and epidurals.
I wasn't expecting how warmly I'd feel towards the characters by the end of the movie - and I certainly wasn't expecting to tear up a little bit during one of the couple's denouements. How in hell did that happen?
Appears at first to be a superficial appetizer with little on its mind beyond cliché and predictable formula...but some genuine tenderness surfaces..and Banks is terrific.
These women have nothing that interesting to offer and their husbands are just as dull.
The creation of human life is the best show you could ever see and What to Expect... the book is a great guide to that process. However the movie adaptation is a shallow concept piece, lazy in its approach and moronic in its execution.
Like childbirth, (it's) very messy and painful at times. But like raising children, there will be a few tears and a few laughs and somehow you'll get through it.
The young Hollywood executives of today were weaned on television's last golden era - the heady days of 'Friends' and 'Ally McBeal' and 'Seinfeld' - and the films now being greenlit seem to come with a mandate for a small-screen mindset and aesthetic.
Messy? Complicated? Nah. Turns out all you should expect when you're expecting is to live in the midst of a nine-month sitcom.
The eggs are there; someone just forgot to fertilise them.
This terrible comedy is a return to the cycle of late 1980s obscoms, movies packed with obstetric detail celebrating the wonders of parenthood.
The cast gives it their all, but this tepid dramedy lacks fervour and originality.
As rom-coms go, this one is definitely stillborn.
Abort.
All the leads are ultimately betrayed by a script almost as silly as the idea of building a romcom around a pregnancy guide.
What to expect? Not a lot.
In the end there is enough pregnancy humour to give audiences a good old belly laugh.
Technically the genre isn't beneath contempt. But this movie is.
Someday Hollywood will think of women as more than fallopian tubes in heels; until then, we're stuck with this kind of project.
On the whole, I'd rather give birth.
Mutual loathing and eye-rolling sustain - horribly - many of the couples involved.
Favouring pratfalls over wit and insight, the picture offers only occasional respite in a "dudes group" of dads who meet in the park with their offspring, led by Chris Rock.
Some laughs while you are watching but that old deja vu feeling just won't go away.
Poor Kirk Jones, who directed Nanny McPhee and Waking Ned, can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear of a script. But he could have left out the golf cart chase.
One of those resolutely bland Hollywood star machines that bears no resemblance to the real world at all.
It's exactly what we expected it to be. If you're going to have a baby it'd be a good thing to watch. It shows all the things people say to you.
While it's not better than you might expect, it passes the time entertainingly enough.
What to Expect is a shallow and sickly-sweet offering that's best avoided.
Has just enough humour and engaging performances to prevent cramps and nausea during viewing.
The film has a job to do and laughs are provided, if not as laugh-out-loud as fans of Knocked Up and Baby Mama may be expecting.
Largely predictable, by-the-numbers fare, but the likeable cast ensure that it remains just about watchable, even if the laughs and genuine emotional moments are thin on the ground.
An awful ensemble comedy to complete that Valentine's Day / New Year's Eve box-set, complete with sexist clichés.
What To Expect When You're Expecting is the kind of witless schmatz-fest that gives women's pictures a bad name...
Bringing a child into the world is no laughing matter, and all involved seem to have done their level best to make things as mirthless as possible.
What to Expect trots out the same ol' pregnancy gags, but the film's hilarious Daddy's Group sets it apart from its rom-com peers.
Serves up an adult-sized sippy cup full of good fun, good drama and, most importantly, dirty pregnancy jokes.
An example of how one shouldn't sloppily slap together a narrative feature based on a self-help bestseller.
...the film's lack of ambition ultimately [prevents] it from becoming anything more than a barely-adequate time-waster.
Following in the footsteps of He's Just Not That Into You, Valentine's Day and New Year's Eve comes another all-star idiocy that strands a number of good (and some not-so-good) actors in several thematic vignettes of competing dopiness.
Cross and Hach have concocted one of the most bland, basic, and unadventurous scripts in recent memory.
A feeble, floundering mom-com that gives short-shrift to the 'expectant' experience.
Expecting is uneven and at times struggles under its own weight, but overcomes its shortcomings to be worthy of ponying up for a babysitter for the rare parental date-night.
Babies are cute and expectant parents often aren't. That kind of sums up What to Expect When You're Expecting.
The closest they come to a minority is Jennifer Lopez adopting a black baby, which is about as much of a minority experience as getting a taxi easily in New York.
What to expect when you're watching What to Expect When You're Expecting? Not much.
What to Expect is like what they say about childbirth--You'll scarcely remember a thing when it's over, but you won't need that epidural either.
The film wants to be a diverse, all-encompassing examination of contemporary parenting, but it's overly sanitized and insists on neatly tying up each of its stories at the end.
Elizabeth Banks provides the laughs in this-isn't-the-horrible-baby-jokes-lightweight-ensemble-comedy-you-think-it-is.
All-star cast headlines bawdy, inconsistently funny comedy.
There's little that feels real or honest in this greatest hits parade of stereotypes about pregnancy and the attempt to disguise it in manipulative sentimentality makes it all the more nauseating.
It is, indeed, what a moviegoer should expect from a genre in which an ensemble cast of famous, pretty faces is loosely strung together by an innocuous holiday or, in this case, baby-having.
Director Kirk Jones and screenwriters Shauna Cross and Heather Hach consistently fall back on corny music and slow-motion to try to get laughs. Very little of this movie feels risky, or even frisky.
Patently contrived to deliver the safer side of pregnancy-related humor over the course of five tidily intersecting plot lines.
What to Expect What You're Expecting is exactly what you'd expect it to be... provided what you're expecting is a glossy, obnoxious and thoroughly underwhelming ensemble comedy.
There's a brief, angelic moment near the end, with the mothers aglow, the fathers proud, and the babies gurgling that almost makes one forget that this is a brutally predictable, wildly unfunny film. Almost.
Terrific film for both men and women and any expectant parent needs to go out and see this and prepare for the road of surprises you will have ahead of you over the next nine months!
One gets the sense that the filmmakers had their list of topics and exchanged high fives after doing, say, a scene involving a C-section birth. Cross that one off.
This might sound obvious, but I don't think Hollywood thinks much of women.
None of it's really funny, nothing observed feels fresh, nothing shown hasn't been shown before.
Drag a guy to this one and he'll never forgive you.
Remember when advice books stayed on the shelves where they belonged?
I can't watch that many characters simultaneously push without feeling like I, too, have been put through the ringer. If only the filmmakers had themselves pushed harder for a more incisive and more daring depiction of 21st century new parenthood.
For all the wisdom it may have to offer, What To Expect would rather resort to immature humour for kicks.
Watching 'What to Expect When You're Expecting' is like attending a baby shower where some guests give the mother gifts she didn't want or need.
It is the birth control of movies. What To Expect When You're Expecting could scare you away from having a baby for life.
Once the finest hack minds in Hollywood finished fleshing out this project, they took the pregnancy-is-hard message and matched it up to characters with the hubris to believe otherwise. With (un)hilarious results.
It's a sitcom-y ensemble film (complete with product placement) that feels like you're flipping around the TV dial.
"What to Expect" rolls out this shocking revelation: Having kids is a messy and complicated process.
The film is dully shot and so predictably plotted, you could tick off the items like you're packing a bag for the delivery room.
The movie turns out to be a little of everything yet succeeds only occasionally at anything.
I found some of its multiple storylines annoying and hopelessly contrived, at first; it's only toward the end, when the film draws from real life, that it finds its heart and becomes relatable for anyone who has been through pregnancy or parenthood.
... on balance, a parade of humdrum banalities ...
It's a tedious, lifeless mishmash of characters with all the personality of mannequins.
Director James Kirk and editor Michael Berenbaum chop and sloppily paste the scenes with little concern for the overall flow.
The 110 or so minutes ended up feeling like 9 months of cinematic gestation without the glow. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
What to expect when you're watching: attractive actors playing unrealistic characters, sitcom-y storylines with predictable outcomes and a heavy-handed family-values message. In other words, warmed-over baby formula.
Mechanically hits all the manipulative beats and tropes one anticipates while failing to breathe much dimension into the actors vying for screen time.
What the movie needs most is a representative of Child Protective Services to take all the babies taken away from these selfish and superficial people.
"What to Expect" isn't an inspired movie, but a manufactured one, but one with some laughs and some moments.
What audiences should expect is a tone-deaf, superficial, charmless ensemble rom-com, focused on five attractive, but uninteresting, couples.
Cute couple Kendrick and Crawford are completely lost at sea. But the guys in the Dudes Group have the worst of it - they are a whiny, unappealing bunch through and through.
Hollywood rarely gives birth to a comedy that's both hilarious and honest. 'What to Expect' hits both chords, defying expectations.
In a year when women's reproductive freedoms are constantly in the political crosshairs, What to Expect When You're Expecting feels like just another affront to anyone who owns and operates a uterus.
Sometimes a dopey sitcom and sometimes a thoughtful look at how intimidating it is to have a kid.
Director Kirk Jones finds little to love about child rearing in this movie adapted by Shauna Cross and Heather Hach from Heidi Murkoff's advice manuals...
Most of the time, the sentimental rom-com antics and underdeveloped archetypes feel as fake as the big bellies the ladies are showing off.
The writing is sharp and the performances bright, and if you've been through the forced gestational march known as pregnancy, there are knowing laughs to be had.
The still-born What To Expect... is an all-star dud that could be easily confused with Valentine's Day and New Year's Eve, except for the absence of Ashton Kutcher.
Don't expect much...You might think it was Garry Marshall's latest holiday-themed multi-subplot stinker.
An amiable but disjointed movie with too many stories and not enough storytelling.
It makes one long for the comparative complexity and subtlety of Valentine's Day.
Expect that two hours will feel like nine months, and that before it's over you'll be screaming for an epidural to your brain.
What you don't expect is how bad almost all of it is.
Exactly what you'd expect. And that's not a good thing.
Audiences were expecting more than this.
As star-studded adaptations of popular, nonfiction, non-narrative self-help books go, 'What To Expect' is surprisingly not terrible.
What to Expect When You're Expecting doesn't find new laughs, just layers on attempts at the tried-and-true ones - think one scene in which a woman howls and makes funny faces during labor is funny? How about many of them together?
When it works, it's because genuinely funny people are elevating tempered material.
With this much intelligence about pregnancy, What to Expect may as well have come from the instructions on how to build a table.
With 10 main characters and nearly as many smaller players, "What to Expect" attempts to cover every possible type of motherhood in America and very nearly succeeds.
The overall mood is of warm reassurance, and some of it is even pretty funny.
Is the sight of a woman in labor screaming for drugs ever not hilarious? If you can honestly answer yes, then you might want to see Expecting after all.
Don't expect much.
What to Expect When You're Expecting is pretty much what you'd expect. It plays to its target audience with a vengeance, and that audience would be people expecting kids or who can remember their own pre-parenthood jitters.
To use the appropriate parlance, it's bloated, though the waves of nausea here come more in the third trimester than the first.
The plot nearly stalls with gridlock. It's clever but the stories are thin soup.
Ideally, four times the protagonists should yield four times the entertainment value; here it only seems to result in four times the clichés.
Has the smug tone of judgmental, know-it-all parents, yet its reliance on tired plot devices suggests that the filmmakers may have actually skipped out on their reading.
Everything that happens in the multiple story lines is entirely predictable; the only question is when.
As sociology, it's skin-deep, but if you're a parent or preparing to be one, you might see yourself in a few of these folks and have a good time doing so.
Some of the pregnancies are played for laughs, others are depicted more melodramatically. It's a mishmash of mediocrity.
The only surprise is that Garry Marshall didn't direct this jumbled, star-studded kibitz and rename it Mothers Day.
Not quite as bad as NEW YEAR'S EVE- but still not very good. Other than good performances by Anna Kendrick and Elizabeth Banks, don't expect much.
Nobody's waddling into this theater by accident. You need to walk into this theater expecting to see a bunch of babies, some pregnant chicks, a bunch of clueless dudes and when you do that, you kind of have fun because it's not a bad movie.
Considering the appealing cast and relevant subject, the movie is shapeless, rambling, and shallow, unfolding as a pilot for a broad TV sitcom.
At least a slight step up from director Kirk Jones's last effort, 2009's claw-your-eyes-out-awful Robert De Niro vehicle Everybody's Fine.
It's the inevitability and uniformity of the film's attitude--as well as the desperately strained and unfunny way in which it puts it across--that's bothersome.
For all the fear, loathing, and overthinking that Murkoff's bedside text engenders, its journey ends with the hopeful beginning of a new life, whereas the movie leaves you hoping for a swift end to your own.
What to expect from What to Expect When You're Expecting: laughs, heart and a terrific ensemble of actors doing what they do best.
Superficial and frothy...choppy and episodic, and funny - especially when Chris Rock, a veteran dad in real life - is holding court.
A good-looking cast of popular actors can only do so much with material that's superficial and sitcommy.
A series of sketches, variations on a theme, none of them too long, none of them in any way original - and very little of it amusing.
Several ensemble scenarios have rich promise for interplay, but the manner in which they are staged, photographed and edited undercut their reality.
Helmer Kirk Jones does a solid job negotiating the material and managing the few tonal shifts when an occasional dark moment emerges.
Amid the would-be and actual laughs, the screenplay tries to drum up drama, but every disagreement and tension is treated superficially and summarily resolved.

@highlight

The cast is stocked with likable performers, but What to Expect When You're Expecting is too disjointed -- and too reliant on stock rom-com cliches -- to live up to its distinguished literary namesake.