The movie sugarcoats nothing, but it doesn't revel in its own darkness either. It sheds a clear, compassionate, illuminating light.
Like most good films, this one demands something from you, not just you from it. Some may run for cover, or for the exit, but those who stick around this strange and rich film will be sent out floating.
[...] For a movie about something as painful as child sexual abuse, Mysterious Skin doesn't repel. There's an allure to the images, which are as carefully posed and framed as figures in a softly illuminated dollhouse.
Contains a few flat notes of community participation, but Araki locates all the necessary surges of hopelessness and misguided desire, ending victorious in his quest to adapt Scott Heim's provocative novel.
By exploring the taboo topic of paedophilia in a humanist manner that avoids sensationalising or heavy-handed verdicts, Araki's eloquent, sensitive film actually presents an indictment far stronger than any moral grandstander ever could.
a bizarre, beguiling coming-of-age drama
treads harrowing ground without falling into the pit of cliché
Araki's film is a wrenching examination of childhood trauma and abuse.
"Mysterious Skin" is a devastating yet beautiful film that honors its fragile characters with vital respect.
Even with the numb dialogue and trite characterizations we've come to expect from Araki, Mysterious Skin might have worked with the right actor in the charismatic role of Neil.
This one clearly has more meat on the plate than Araki's earlier more shallow and sensationalistic films.
Gregg Araki nous offre son %u0153uvre la plus mature à ce jour.
Sensível e tristemente trágico, o filme é um doloroso estudo de personagens beneficiado por uma atuação estupenda de Gordon-Levitt.
Gordon-Levitt's performance is nothing short of astonishing.
A raw and unadorned look at child abuse and its idiosyncratic repercussions.
Araki has given us his most mature work yet, a fiercely focused yet oddly dreamlike meditation on innocence and loss.
A superb achievement.
A riveting original that some may find almost too agonising to experience
Sweet and disturbing at the same time.
Delicately balances the sordid and rough with the childlike and fantastic...
Gone is the gloomy nihilism of The Doom Generation and The Living End, replaced by a melancholy, but hopeful, affection toward people with the capacity to overcome tremendous psychological trauma.
From a moralistic point of view, is it good that Araki is exposing the awful horrors of sex abuse? OK, I'll buy that. As a pedophilic expose, is it too much? For me, yes it was.
A very well acted film with a tremendous ensemble cast. My problem stems from how Araki chose to tell the story.
Araki's best film in a long time.
The audience has gotten the point roughly 90 minutes before the characters do.
Manages to deal with its raw, awful subject matter in ways that are both challenging and illuminating.
Araki's discovered a mellower mood, and who'da thunk it? Silence suits him.
The perennial golden touch in Hollywood is to make old stories seem new. In Mysterious Skin [writer-director Gregg] Araki "achieves" the opposite.
Filmmaker Gregg Araki, heretofore best known for his numerous ragged and nihilistic coming-of-age, gay melodramas, here crosses over from the fringes to make his most mature and penetrating drama to date.
Araki takes on child abuse and a few other institutions with a sledgehammer. The image of a "shattered kaleidoscope" is mentioned. The perfect representation for this America.
This is a challenging and ultimately moving film that deserves to find a like-minded audience.
Gordon-Levitt and Brady Corbet deliver - they give you every ounce of what they've got and even when they're not speaking, you get who their characters are.
Doesn't manage to get much beneath the surface of its provocative topic, but Gordon-Levitt compensates considerably by digging deep into the soul of his character.
It's not enough to call Mysterious Skin one of the best films of the year. It is one of the best gay-themed movies ever made.
Mysterious Skin is a disturbing, difficult to watch film, but one every adult should see.
A tough but rewardingly original child abuse drama, centred on Levitt's brave and compelling performance. A rising star for sure.
The usual Araki elements are here (hustlers, rebels, uproar, the absurd), but now he appears to be working with focus and compassion.
While watching this movie, I scribbled the word 'whoa' five times into my notebook.
There is a terrible, terrifying honesty at the core of Mysterious Skin that will make it chillingly recognizable to some viewers and important to recognize for others.
Araki, who has shied away from nothing in his previous films and, indeed, made explicitness the seeming core of his aesthetic enterprise, balances a genuinely touching story of confused heartland teens with sometimes brutal, sometimes fanciful material.
By the time the climactic revelation finally comes, it's such old news that all the scenery chewing that accompanies it seems alien.
A disturbing and oddly beautiful movie.
Gregg Araki shows skill in adapting another's work and he marshals his youthful cast with a deft hand.
Starts to play like dada.
Heim wrote a killer tale with Skin, but in giving it to Araki, the power of the words has been dissolved into mush, or, in many instances, simple shock cinema.
The film has a weird buoyancy.
Of all the recent films about child abuse, Mysterious Skin stands out as the one that most directly and eloquently addresses the emotional toll of the experience.
Just another trashy look at America as the land of imbecilic perverts.
You're likely to be bruised by its truths. To his credit, Araki has made that a risk well worth taking.
An exploration of child abuse that reflects grim, unrelenting intelligence.
A fearless, challenging film with terrific performances.
As tough as it is to take in, and perhaps even tougher to contemplate, Mysterious Skin demands serious consideration and appreciation for Araki's evident maturity. He's a grown-up, finally.
Remains elusive on some levels but it does one remarkable thing: It allows us to understand the high price that the victims pay.
It's a film that deals with childhood sexual abuse in an original and dry-eyed manner rarely seen in our culture today.
The adult Neil is ably incarnated by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and the same is true of Brady Corbet as the grown-up Brian.
Corbet and Gordon-Levitt set up the tone of penetrating sadness, and even though the sense of doom is overbearing, the film is artful and measured enough to stay compelling.
So profoundly unsettling that I can't imagine watching it again -- except that it's also so finely acted and sharply constructed that I want to see it again immediately.
This is the film that really sticks with you after you seen it.
A powerful and intriguing experience that signals Araki as a director who is finally demonstrating that there is some talent behind his hype and flash after all.
Viewers showing up for the recognizable actors or for Araki's regular tongue-in-cheek day-glo coyness, may be moved, but they'll also be taken aback.
This is easily the best, most accomplished film Araki has done to date.
Even though it takes you to places you may not want to go, the film never loses its human touch -- that feel of skin on skin or of the past inescapably invading the present.
Parts are beautiful, other parts are brutal (like a rape scene that oddly evokes the Psycho shower scene), but it doesn't jell into a satisfying whole.
A complex and challenging emotional experience.
pushes the audience out of their comfort zones without being pushy or manipulative, and journeys into a world that only the bravest of filmmakers dare to explore
Mysterious Skin, for all of its depictions of atrocities and human sadness, is a rarified thing of vulnerable beauty.
Araki seems to have finally taken in a few Todd Solondz movies, then realized that abusing actor James Duval delivers nowhere near the shock value of abusing children.
This is a serious piece of work that's even better the next day.
It gets at something deeper, darker and much more enlightening than anything Araki has attempted before.
Even with all of that going on, there is never a false move from anyone, especially Gordon-Levitt, who will completely wow you.
Araki embraces the mysteries of human sexuality with a refreshing lack of hysteria and a brace of empathy.
It's hard to imagine a more serious or persuasive indictment of the horrors inflicted on children by sexual abuse.
A warped, but beautiful and strangely hopeful, coming-of-age tale about two young men struggling to overcome childhood scars.
The only thing Mysterious Skin will do is make yours crawl.
This is like Almodóvar, with a tarnished American flag in his hand: controversial, illuminating, deeply affecting and highly recommended.
Beyond Gordon-Levitt's revelatory work, Mysterious Skin features intense but gorgeously restrained performances by Corbet, Shue, Jeffrey Licon as Neil's effeminate pal, Ellison and George Webster as the boys, and Michelle Trachtenberg.
Mysterious Skin dawdles more than it flows, but it comes alive whenever Araki, hovering between tragedy and voyeurism, reveals how sex can tear lives to pieces.
A well-conceived story that is very hard to shake.
Given his penchant for the outrageous, Araki handles the film's most difficult scenes with remarkable sensitivity.
Reveals the pain and suffering wrought by sex offenders who prey upon children.
Mysterious Skin makes Midnight Cowboy look tame in comparison.
This beautifully made and haunting film is ultimately explicit without being exploitative.
Not for the squeamish, but it is a beautifully crafted and thoughtful film that genuinely provokes.
Araki has continued to turn out fringe films...to diminishing results...his first adaptation of a novel...is a serious, if somewhat flawed, return to form.
Mysterious Skin is infused with remarkable tenderness and beauty.
This thoughtful, troubling drama is leagues above the sensationalistic stuff Araki peddled in earlier films.
Araki has put a protective, shimmering patina on a story of abuse and emotional dissonance and the result is an otherworldly, painfully honest movie.
As a filmmaker, Araki, always brash, has rarely been so confident, creating a shimmering mood that allows for multiple shifts in perspective and register.
Pop iconography typically signifies the alienation of Araki's characters from the world, but in Mysterious Skin it ushers in their salvation.
Dramatically shows how some victims of sexual abuse are affected.
Undermined by a startling change in tone a quarter of the way through the narrative.
Director Araki is able to fashion an intimate tale that generates genuine engaging credibility.
After several disappointments, Araki is on terra ferma with Mysterious Skin, yet another study of of youth anomie, a theme explored in his previous, more personal films.
By the end of Mysterious Skin, I felt physically exhausted but I also felt satisfied at the way it all falls into place.
...the whole thing just feels flat somehow.
Gregg Araki? More like Gregg Hack-raki.
Compelling, impressively acted film that is by turns moving and horrifying - one of the year's most controversial films.
Gregg Araki delivers his most challenging and arguably most mature film.








@highlight

Bold performances and sensitive, spot-on direction make watching this difficult tale of trauma and abuse a thought-provoking, resonant experience.