Something was missing from the film. It lacked punch.
Doesn't work despite Thornton's top performance.
This dog of a movie confirms that in 1836 Texas was stolen from Mexico by a bunch of opportunistic bastards whose descendants went on to use similarly underhanded methods to steal the office of the White House in 2000.
There are great moments, though it's ultimately a lightweight film and certainly not an Oscar contender.
Not even good sets, plenty of historical detail, and Billy Bob Thornton can put life into director John Lee Hancock's slow-moving, poorly acted Texan saga.
Com exceção das performances de Thornton e Quaid, o filme traz caracterizações estereotipadas e freqüentemente se entrega ao sentimentalismo barato.
Laborious mush.
But is this 'Alamo' the definitive version? No, this is no History Channel presentation.
Like its sets of the Alamo...the movie attempts to do more than is necessary, bogging down in minutiae where traditional facades would have done just as well.
In spite of two great performances, this is a muddled affair.
Sluggish, talky and unfocused, its downbeat revisionism robbing its historical figures of the iconic status that would have made their story worth retelling.
Remembering this Alamo is a lot easier with the fiddle in the capable hands of Billy Bob.
This film is mainly for people who are interested in history, not entertainment.
For much of the time, it's a desultory tour through period movie hell, complete with carefully aged costumes and cement-like chunks of exposition.
The Alamo feels fraught with compromise, both artistic and historical.
Hancock keeps what could have been a leaden behemoth accessible and engaging by drawing a bead on the personalities of the men who've loomed over history books, warts and all.
When it feels like its winding to a close, [director] Hancock inserts a five minute scene of Dennis Quaid shaving, and then the movie goes on for another 20 minutes.
You may or may not remember "The Alamo."
The equivalent of one long drone from a stiff Social Studies teacher who can scarcely be bothered to add any sort of relevance to the topic.
Arriving in theaters today, the resulting $100-million dollar motion picture is a flawed, sprawling examination of the Mexican-American conflict that raises far more questions than it answers.
...there's too much and too little simultaneously to make this a really good film.
Where's John Wayne when you need him?...Even if you're inclined to remember the Alamo, you're likely to forget The Alamo.
The Alamo finds you leaving the theater not debating whether or not the movie was historically accurate, but wondering what exactly was the point of making this film.
John Lee Hancock ... has done the unforgivable - he has made a boring movie.
Thornton's Crockett provides most of the entertainment value hidden in this haystack of historical boredom.
The movie is good as a historical tool but as entertainment it is only average.
Simplistic history and pompous, jingoistic propaganda; worst of all, it lacks much in the way of excitement.
As earnest and safe as looking both ways three times before crossing the street.
it hits enough true notes to elevate it above the usual patriotic flag waving renditions
It's dull, talky, and sometimes maudlin.
The Alamo isn't so much Hollywood cheese as it is a big bowl of weak queso that could've used a couple handfuls of jalapeños.
It's a big fat studio production (the set is the largest built by Hollywood in modern times) that infuses old fashioned epic tradition with contemporary sensibility and convincing, cutting edge CGIs.
Looks and feels like the kind of 16mm filmstrip once projected in grade-school history classes, right down to the corny dialogue and hammy acting.
The rare Hollywood epic which prefers to offer facts rather than flag-waving. An excellent movie.
The Alamo honors the handful of men who stood up for their passion and ideals against an overwhelming force.
It wasn't as boring as I thought it'd be.
Meets the challenge of telling a tale with a known unhappy ending and keeping dramatic tension; narratively, you'll wish you had the seven pound 8th grade Texas History book.
'The Alamo' is forgettable, with the exception of Billy Bob Thornton's performance as a Davy Crockett who deserves a movie of his own...
Thanks to the skills of director and co-screenwriter John Lee Hancock and a deep cast of reliable veterans, this is an authentic and rousing version of the most famous battle in Texas history.
Thornton's performance as a slightly itchy Davy Crockett saves it from being a complete and total bomb.
I can see Disney execs many years from now, in a cry to make better films, yelling "Remember The Alamo!"
As exciting as a big, flat cyclorama exhibit at your local historical society.
Forget The Alamo, that is this tedious movie and not the historical event!
...the movie is curiously flat, void of any emotional context.
The film lacks the emotional, doomed punch for which it's so clearly striving.
fine production values and an Oscar nomination worthy performance from Billy Bob Thornton make The Alamo worthwhile
Truth be told, for most of its running time The Alamo plays like a vague, badly written history lesson aimed at grade schoolers.
Absorbing yet ever-so-slightly jaundiced retelling.
With the notable exception of Thornton's Crockett, none of these characters engages you.
... worth remembering, even if it's never as unforgettable as the battle, and the people, who inspired it.
It's so slack it feels interminable, but it's too short to flesh out the complicated set of historical and individual circumstances that converged at the Alamo.
Although handsomely mounted, and boasting some historically immaculate dressing and impressive battle sequences, it's a movie that ultimately can't convincingly get behind the idea of sacrifice.
It may be history, but it's too meticulous to be believable.
A heartfelt yet strangely uninvolving account of the mythic Texas battle.
Despite much that's engrossing, the film falls short of a hoped-for epic stature.
The film utterly fails at bringing history to life.
The Alamo wants to wring the mythology out of its famous story, and I can't think of a better way than casting Bad Santa as Davy Crockett.
They may have gotten the history more or less right. But this is an Alamo that could have used a little more Hollywood.
Worth remembering.
Comes off like a stodgy lecture rather than a rousing saga.
It may have been more stylishly handled by the likes of Ron Howard but the honest effort make this a solid, though not great film.
Alamo buffs will be delighted, and everyone else will be treated to something that feels like Old Hollywood crossed with new sensibilities.
This is the best Alamo movie ever -- the most accurate, the best-acted, the most sumptuously mounted.
It offers no great insights into the majority of its characters or the politics of the time; it is not the proudest or most shameful moment for any member of its cast; and it is neither overly long or dumbly abrupt. It's simply what it is.
Drier and dustier than just about any academic-history text out there.
Everything about the movie seems smaller than life, from Carter Burwell's hollowly pompous music to Dean Semler's muddy cinematography.
It wavers between traditional period adventure, cynical, revisionist history and meandering, multi-character mini-series. The action scenes aren't very good either.
A deeply compromised film, if not a broken one.
A valiant but losing effort.
Director and writer John Lee Hancock avoids most of the bombast and showy display of the 1960 John Wayne film.
A crushing bore.
The film may succeed as a simplistic introduction to a complex event in American history. But some of it is just depressingly lame.
Despite Thornton's yeoman efforts and a remarkable 52-acre set, you're more apt to forget The Alamo than to remember it.
An ambitious mix of history lesson, politically correct speculation, character sketches of American icons and pretty scenery, but it winds up without much of a point of view.
A mediocre achievement despite the scale of its ambition.
The result is something that feels very much like an overachieving made-for-TV movie -- a history lesson dolled up like an action movie, with the action relegated to the final third, and even then, the battle is over before it really begins.
Having undergone a long and presumably tortuous editing process, the new Alamo, in the end, feels thinned out.
It's a history lesson that's made entertaining because so many of the performances are so powerful and heartfelt.
Struggles to maintain tension with dusty soap opera.
[Hancock's] Alamo may be flawed, but it tells a tale that still has the power to stir our souls.
A drama mired in the mundane.
As talented as the cast is, not a one makes this an Alamo worth remembering
Succeeds in taking those pop-culture brand names like Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie and giving them human form.
Hancock's film immediately and emotionally establishes itself as the definitive version.
A lot of pretty postcards and some nice fellas we don't mind hanging out with -- okay for a historic landmark, but thin soup for a would-be epic.
By creating the only character of depth in an underdeveloped epic, Thornton is the only element of The Alamo truly worth remembering.
Does its best to shake off the baggage of its predecessors.
Slowly paced, does little to make you care about the people who gave their lives during this bloody time and is, well, just boring.
The way filmmaker Hancock addresses the material, one half expects Travis, Bowie, Crockett and the rest of the defenders to rise from their graves after three days.
I wish I could remember The Alamo for being a great movie, but I'll have to settle for remembering when I saw it.
Nothing more than a long and exhausting excursion into the world of macho men as they defeat the enemy and then celebrate by boring the audience to tears.
[T]he whole film would be a cartoon if only it had the energy to be ridiculous.
This bloated bore of a film has the audacity to call itself an epic? Fancy costumes and a barrage of actors in American iconic roles does not a masterpiece make. Read on->
Disney's PG-13 spectacle does a disservice to both fact and fiction with clumsy, cliche writing.
Even if a 'realistic' approach had to be taken, better to show the roots of such legends, rather than spend so much time making them ordinary.
So much has gone wrong for The Alamo that it almost feels like piling on to say any more about it.
It's no wonder 'Remember the Alamo!' is spoken so often as a rallying cry. If the new film ... is any indication, it's a pretty easy place to forget.
Did we learn nothing from John Sayles when he closed Lone Star with the line, "Forget the Alamo?"
The movie is a mild compeller for history buffs, and occasionally it's better than that. But the teenage mall rats, on whom box office success largely depends, are more likely to zoom away in Alamo rental cars.
A well-crafted, intelligent, no-nonsense western epic that zips us through the famous siege and the birth of Texas with style, verve and impressive historical accuracy.
While the PG-13 rating makes it impossible to portray the actual battle realistically, this could otherwise be the most 'accurate' version of The Alamo to date, which isn't saying much.
For all the gun smoke, the image of the fort's defenders silhouetted against a blood-red Texas sky and the unrelenting bombast of Carter Burwell's score, the filmmakers never make the case why we should remember the Alamo.
Great performances and big Texas skies can't fix disjointed storytelling and bland action sequences.
Slowly paced, but manages to entertain.
It makes the fatal mistake of assuming that it is enough to put American icons on one side and a choleric popinjay of a general on the other. It isn't.
I was going to say something clever here, like 'forget The Alamo,' but then I realized that wasn't clever at all. Whoops. Still, the point stands.
The Alamo is handsomely shot and written with plain-spoken eloquence. But the characters are indistinct, and there's no compelling reason for this movie.
A movie that inspires little but boredom and faint irritation.
This is a profoundly ahistoric movie -- a definitive Hollywood muddle.
In re-enacting the actual events surrounding the storied 1836 battle, this oppressively solemn historical-action movie is both elegiac and trivial.
More intellectually rewarding than emotionally satisfying.
The battle, when it finally comes, is brief, admirably non-gory and rather dull, chiefly because Hancock has neither the filmmaking brio it takes to let a camera fly madly into battle nor bad taste enough to enjoy the fight.
An action film of intelligence and compassion.
In addition to the way the now-mythic characters are brought down to a human level, the best thing about this production of The Alamo is that Hancock has made everything look and feel so authentic.
It's dull, derivative, and as lifelike as a heap of historical figurines.
A stilted, unemotional affair.
The filmmakers seem to have been working out of over-reverence to legend to create more than distant shapes of the people and the sacrifices involved.
While it's not John Wayne caliber, it'll satisfy anyone looking for a sugar-coated history lesson.
...rigidly epic...
A historically credible but overly prosaic account of the most celebrated episode in the creation of an Americanized Texas.
Yes, a lot of The Alamo is chauvinistic hokum. But what entertaining hokum it is!
Except for a handful of scenes, Hancock's film isn't good enough to be memorable.
While the battle scenes Hancock conducts are symphonic in their concussive confusion and chaos, it's in the characterization that the film achieves some gravitas.
I do believe President Bush was actually directing this movie. It has all the hallmarks of his idea of history, pretending that enemies are villainous evildoers.
Plays like your standard-issue modern war movie.
A superlative character-driven epic that honors both the varied truths and the varied myths surrounding a battle that pitted less than 300 Texans and Tejanos against General Antonio López de Santa Anna and several thousand Mexican troops.
A long drawn-out affair that spends so much time with the living legends Jim Bowie and Davy Crockett that it could be an early Wild West "Entertainment Tonight."
slips from the mind so quickly it might as well be about the rental car agency, and not the famous Texas battle.
The Alamo is a well made and nostalgic film with big sweeping scenes, red sunsets and grandiose battle shots.
So stiffly didactic it would have high-school kids who see it beg their social studies teachers to stop taking them to movies about history.
Remember The Alamo? It's about as memorable as a sunny springtime Saturday wasted at the DMV.
A torturous cycle of standing, pouting, bickering and looking at the Mexican army, as irritatingly flat as the pages of the history books that taught us about the Alamo.
A respectable and at times an exciting film that should appeal to males of all ages, history buffs and -- yes, it's inevitable -- patriots.
Disney's latest epic is a solid, entertaining film - even if it adds nothing all that interesting to the legend of the Alamo.
A big, sprawling movie with remarkably little grandeur; what's worse, it's emotionally hollow...with cardboard characterizations and wooden dialogue.
Never harmonizes into a cinematic experience any more resonant than the average, manly, why-we-fight pic, or coalesces into a stirring cry for freedom.
Hancock goes through great pains to impose important moments on us, but he fails to give them the poignancy needed to elicit emotion.
The Alamo is further, sobering proof that every dog(gerel) has its day and every generation gets the movie it deserves.
A few dollars lighter, a few hours closer to death, get a chance to glimpse your own mortality reflected in the dead, shark-eyed glare of another big-budget prestige picture.
Cartoonishly awful! Remember the Alamo but forget this movie.
It's a movie more concerned with details like Jim Bowie's terminal case of consumption than it is with the historical context of its story and its legendary characters.
In trying to give human dimension to one of the legendary events of American history, the creators of The Alamo succeed only in making it dull.
Emotionally inert and poorly paced, The Alamo transforms one of Texas' best-known events into an uninvolving bore.
Forget it.
The filmmakers have obviously decided to use as their model those educational films. . .that are inflicted on soon to be history-hating students at the middle school level













@highlight

Too conventional and uninvolving to be memorable.