In her first starring role, Kazan as Ivy vacillates wonderfully between insecurity and insouciance.
Gray has successfully captured a moment in time for a young woman who is growing up and figuring out who she is, but it's not a moment for those looking to be absorbed or stirred.
...a mildly watchable showcase for Kazan's undeniably impressive performance.
Bradley Rust Gray's film of a young college student (Zoe Kazan) home for the summer is a portrait in interlude.
Kazan has a power of her own that is as strong as or stronger than the film's style, and she can carry a scene all by herself, even if the camera is merely watching her walk down the street.
Kazan has a gift for letting you see her think, even when she's perfectly still; the film's title refers to the ferocious trauma happening between Ivy's ears and her silent struggle to keep it in check.
Restless audiences may itch for more plot, for the kind of fiery dramatics that typify young love in the movies, but hold the explosives: There's tender drama, too, in the possibilities of a hand-hold.
"The Exploding Girl" can be grouped with those dreaded "mumblecore" movies in which young people talk endlessly about their romantic entanglements and attend terrible parties.
The Exploding Girl is a film about the deceptiveness of surfaces, and it takes place in a small town that you eventually realize with a start is actually New York City.
At least director Bradley Rust Grey contains all this diverting dithering in 80 minutes -- even without an explosion, there's intrigue in watching a short fuse burn.
This is a mature story about the lives of two young people (and one voice) that kept my attention from start to finish.
...a lovely, languorous film that does much with little and leaves you feeling like you've witnessed some minor miracle.
Gray's limpid compositions draw plangent stillness from urban darkness, counterpointing but not unbalancing his actors' understated naturalism.
The Exploding Girl is a character study of one young woman - and of an entire generation struggling to maintain external maturity despite internal regression.
The Exploding Girl isn't a particularly plot driven film, but it has momentum, an undercurrent that tugs you along.
Sometimes a carefully placed pinprick can stay with you longer than a heavier, clumsier blow, and so it is with Bradley Rust Gray's delicately done but indelible The Exploding Girl.
A Zen-like experience of watchful compassion in deliberately challenging circumstances: trying to see and hear, without leaping to conclusions, the gathering troubles of a young woman living in hectic circles and with increasing self-absorption.
Sit with it a while %u2014 which isn't hard when you're watching Kazan. The cumulative effect is powerful. You begin to feel for her even though you haven't even met.
Indie down to its core , this dreary film fails to engage on many levels. The camera work is nice though, particularly when it's focused on pigeons.
Viewers willing to slow down their cinematic metabolism enough to watch The Exploding Girl at its own pace will find their patience rewarded by moments of great beauty...
Gray has an artful, understated way of conveying what's going  on inside, often simply by focusing his camera on Kazan. And the actress has a unique capacity for projecting the complexity of feminine stillness.
As a feature, it's slight; as a mood sustained by Kazan and Gray, it's impressive and occasionally spellbinding.
This is another dreary collaboration by husband-wife team Bradley Rust Gray and So Yong Kim, who have no idea what to do with a simple narrative.
This quietly poetic little gem contains many beautiful things, not least of which is leading lady Zoe Kazan, who lets every scene billow and swirl around her effortlessly.
The camera loves Zoe Kazan in newcomer Bradley Rust Gray's mumblecore snooze fest.
It's a rare and wonderful thing to see a movie so attuned to the rhythms of daily life, to the ways a trauma builds and expands over time.
Mr. Gray's achievement -- and Ms. Kazan's, too -- is to make you care enough about Ivy to be curious about her. But The Exploding Girl can also make you feel bad about wishing that she were just a little more interesting.
The glib response "Explode already!" stands, despite a few intriguingly tender moments within a narrative in which listlessness overwhelms incident.
Those who can hang on through the mumblecore-ish narrative languor of the nicely photographed The Exploding Girl will savor a very talented actress' sensitive portrait of youthful awkwardness.
An impressive romantic drama set in New York City about a young woman's sudden plunge into loneliness and what she learns from this sad and melancholy emotion.
Like any good B-side, The Exploding Girl is engaging but rough, lacking the kind of polish that would make it a hit.
Avoiding allegorical clichés, Gray turns the frustrations of epilepsy into an effective metaphor for non-epileptic youthful paralysis, and the inevitable "explosion" into the culmination of all those growing pains
Emotionally engaging, impressively directed indie drama with an adorable central performance from rising star Zoe Kazan, though the languid pacing won't be to everyone's taste.
Exasperating for its mundane narrative of youthful non-courtship camouflaged by Manhattan street-video naturalism, The Exploding Girl occasionally suggests mumblecore with less improvisation and heaps of undergrad preciousness in place of snarky ir
A slow and tedious look at the emotional aimlessness of college kids leaves the audience without either direction or entertainment.


@highlight

Its languid pace and willfully understated narrative may test the patience of some viewers, but Bradley Rust Gray's gentle direction and a gripping performance from Zoe Kazan lend The Exploding Girl an appealing, melancholy beauty.