July has a fascination for strangers, and how the comforts of the ordinary life perhaps become so comfortable that our reaction is to break out in rather unconventional and perhaps inadvisable ways.
How much further July can push her blend of whimsy and pain remains to be seen, but this is arguably the strangest study of artistic and parental anxiety since Eraserhead.
As the writer, director and actor, July does a fantastic job in merging all of these odd bits and pieces such as the talking cat, frozen time and conversations with the moon, making a film that is so evocative of a mood and state of being.
Parece apenas interessado em lançar o meme dos "Lolcatz" como gênero cinematográfico.
Miranda July takes the twee and cute thing WAY too far this time
This strange film reminds me of some stories by Franz Kafka, such as 'The Trial.' It is a story which makes no sense when viewed objectively, but hangs together well enough as a subjective experience.
July is a filmmaker of distinct imagination and whimsy, and while there is a great deal on her mind and a ton she wants to say her delivery of it all, in my opinion at least, still leaves a bit of something to be desired.
Nobody but July could have made a film so defiantly insufferable.
July's new film isn't as witty or touching as her debut but she still manages in her off-kilter way to say something original about her characters' hopes and fears and illusions... but viewers with an aversion for whimsy should probably steer well clear.
It's parodic Sundance independent cinema - pure, aimless, triple-brewed whimsy.
Many viewers, especially her detractors, can't see the forest for the twee in July's films. That's certainly true of "The Future" - but burrow down past the creepy-cutesy touches, and you find a film that's painfully real.
You end up feeling sorry for the cat but not for Sophie and Jason, who seem unable to deal with life, love or, in fact, anything.
July's film-making is a taste I have yet fully to acquire, but she has a distinctive vision, a style, placed before you on a take-it-or-leave-it basis. I took it.
July, who gave us the lovably odd Me and You and Everyone We Know, has layered on so much self-conscious whimsy - monologues from the cat, dialogues with the moon and other dashes of magical realism - that the central drama struggles to be heard.
A playfully self-aware dig at the emptiness of some modern lifestyles that will make you check your own.
I've seen The Future...and it's not bad at all.
Not a crowd-pleaser by any measure, but a mature, bold and recklessly inquisitive film, however unpleasant it is to consume in the moment.
July's romantic fantasy of stagnation and romantic drift has depths, but they're hidden behind walls of kookiness.
July's second film, while not quite as perfectly realised as her debut, nimbly avoids the 'sophomore slump', providing the curious with another window into her highly idiosyncratic world.
Kooky indie experimental film that might have something intelligent to say about leading a weird life, but was such a tiresome watch that it turned me off.
whimsy both conceals and sugars some rather bitter observations on change and mortality.
As they contemplate the difference between a couple of months and five years, Sophie and Jason begin to think more substantively about time.
Miranda July may be a bit too weird for her own good. On the other hand, it is a glorious weird.
It's easy to be distracted by the talking cat or the talking moon, but they are merely wallpaper over a yawning chasm of panic and disappointment.
Miranda July has a way of making 90 minutes of incessant quirk feel like 30 years on a chain gang.
The film's main weakness is that that fragile frame doesn't always hold.
Provides plenty of material for July junkies as well as July detractors.
Miranda July's quiet charisma is a kick. But after a promising beginning, The Future falters.
What a strange, trippy, touching movie The Future is.
July is a provocative and honorably independent filmmaker, but given the meager rewards of investing our time, "The Future" wasn't worth the wait.
At times - not all the time, just enough to notice - July gets it backward.
Miranda July's second feature is beguiling, quietly funny and finally very sad in a way that sneaks up on you before becoming clear as the Los Angeles skies beneath which it's set.
Not everything about "The Future" works. But most of it does, in a quietly powerful way.
Too ostentatiously whimsical to be much more than a weird curio.
Yes, it's creative and well done, but it finally left a bitter taste and I found it utterly depressing.
The Future is a drab dramedy about thirtysomethings flailing about for self-definition.
The Future, July's coy and precious new film, is just oddball enough to be interesting, if not good.
A heartbreaking journey of defeat and loss.
You may have heard that a cat narrates "The Future" and, yes, that sounds like it would be deadly. But it isn't.
The writer/director/star is enchanted with herself. I hated the cat.
The actors are quite engaging, in their mopey way.
July likes her rhythms to shuffle, her beats to go long. She is the master of sideways portent - the small act with big ramifications.
There are moments of clever invention and wry humor throughout the film, but Sophie and Jason are more insufferable by several degrees than anyone in "Me and You," which was far more grounded in recognizable human experience.
Seeded in equal measure with playfulness and poignancy, The Future is a reflection on the accumulated burdens of generational anxiety, as filtered through a quasi-Dadaist, quasi-Absurdist sensibility.
The notion that both this movie and "Battle: Los Angeles" could come out of the same place, in the same year, is a startling tribute to the city.
...the suffocatingly nonsensical atmosphere [ensures] that even July's fans will be left scratching their heads on an progressively frequent basis.
A talking cat and moon and a restless T-shirt distract from the story, creating what July intends as interesting textures but instead come across as a form of vandalism.
July ties together these three characters' search for love, their desperate craving for contact, in a beautifully devastating narrative that employs time, space, and perception as simple props.
Offbeat, clever and filled with strange little narrative touches, The Future is often just as irritating as it is mesmerizing.
It can definitely grate on your nerves but, at best, it also gets into your mind, and sticks fast.
At some point, we knew, this sui generis storyteller would return and grace us with another dose of her delightfully peculiar worldview. Now that The Future has become the present, July doesn't disappoint.
Overly precious poetic examination of a couple's eccentric attempts to evolve their lives will appeal to a rarified few.
This is worth seeing, but only if you think you can tolerate the precious voice-over narration from the couple's wounded cat, delivered by July in a high, scratchy voice.
With wit and unsettling strangeness, "The Future" takes a sitcom premise - two skittish 35-year-olds adopting a sick and injured cat in order to tiptoe into the responsibilities of adulthood - and gives it a radical, otherworldly twist.
The movie doesn't have much of a motor. But I like a lot of it, line to line, and I admire where we're left at the end.
Elements of Miranda July's "The Future'' are so patently bizarre that you might expect the film to collapse under the weight of its own whimsy. This is the July that enchants some moviegoers and has others reaching for strong liquor.
I find her movies passively amusing, but not particularly deep or memorable.
July's vision isn't off-center; part of her brilliantly insightful work is arguing that there is no center.
On the surface, this film is an enchanting meditation. At its core is the hard steel of individuality.
As she did in her striking 2005 debut, Me and You and Everyone We Know, July creates a fluid cinematic universe...
The cat keeps one engaged until July's initially twee-seeming sensibility coalesces into a genuine, if peculiar, mood of tragedy.
July, with her Chaplin eyes, perhaps knows too well how to play earnest and smart. But "The Future" feels progressively less adorned, even as it grows more magical.
Falls victim to self-indulgence now and again, yes, but there is also an empathy Miranda July exhibits toward all her on-screen creations that cannot be faked.
The whole film is so determinedly different it makes the sticky-sweet bits a little easier to bear.
Miranda July's rejection of traditional storytelling is valuable, but the common complaints that her work is mannered or twee are accurate.
A T-shirt creeps around on its own, a little girl likes being buried neck-deep in the backyard. Whatevs.
... if you're looking for a personal examination of what happens when our expectations of our lives fall short of the reality, shot through with a truly unique sense of humor, I urge you to find The Future.
A daring, brilliant, profound and visionary modern masterpiece. It will go down as a classic.
Even at its most willfully bizarre, The Future has a sincere ache at its core, filled with anxiety about growing old and living a meaningful life
To appreciate "The Future," Miranda July's ingeniously constructed wonder cabinet of a movie, you may first have to pass through a stage of mild annoyance or even something more intense.
A provocative example of a filmmaker in complete control of her interests and her talents.
If every relationship is unique, every movie about relationships should be just as unique, right?
The Future is full of amusing, lovely little moments that are just a degree removed from being too cute, whether July is being stalked by her favorite comfy shirt, or following a little girl's plan to sleep in a hole to its logical endpoint.
In her second feature, the gifted and original Miranda July very much fulfills the promise she has shown in her stunning debut, Me and You...
As much intriguing material as The Future serves up from scene to scene, it ends up feeling frustratingly slight.
The mood of this movie will brew with you for a while, even if it swirls around characters who aren't quite persuasive.
Sophie's (or is it July's?) coy narcissism becomes a criticism of itself, and her "sadness" turns into something truly sad. In short, I have seen The Future and it's heartbreaking.
Much like her debut film, Miranda July's sophomore feature keeps dancing perilously close to the edge of terminal whimsy only to be yanked back by moments of stunning emotional truth.
While I am not absolutely in love with this picture, I very much recommend it to anyone looking for something new from an assured and gifted talent.
Briskly paced and very funny, The Future sneaks up on you with its weight, landing a series of devastating punches near the end that also don't belie the film's witty assessment of human faults.
Is it realistic? Absolutely not. Does it create real feeling? Absolutely.
With a delectable Jon Brion soundtrack guiding the proceedings, the movie adopts a familiar bittersweetness, but otherwise takes on a highly original tone.
July is working as hard as any artist alive to find new forms to express the dread of formlessness.
A combination of morbid self-absorption and playful quirk, The Future manages to botch both aspects.
Ms. July reclaims the glory she first garnered for her prize-winning feature debut Me and You and Everyone We Know (2005). Also a performance artist and a short story writer, she is very much the ovaries' answer to Woody Allen.
July breaks narrative structure like an experimental film, but never violates the narrative like a French New Wave film might.
Deserves credit for quirkiness but essentially a two-character photographed play
This wonderfully whimsical examination into the fear of cosmic insignificance is so deeply touching and honest (think Ikiru starring Silver Lake hipsters) you just might need a stiff drink afterward.
As an elderly character reminds Jason, this isn't the end - it's merely "the middle of the beginning". Glad to see that's where July's film career seems to be at too.
A sober, funny, beautiful film. July is a filmmaker unlike any other, working tangentially in the modern neuroses of a Woody Allen, a Nicole Holofcener, while playing in the kingdom of magic realism.
...a quirky little film with some humorous little touches, but what its author is trying to say is murky and its protagonist engenders no sympathy, in fact the opposite. The cult of July can continue without me.
The film's gentle humor and imaginative digressions won me over, saying things that other works of fiction say all the time, but saying them in a creative way.
The fearless creative energy [Miranda July] displays and her unflinching honesty about not just the outer but also the inner world of romantic despair, make The Future a unique and rewarding experience.













@highlight

A dark and whimsical exploration of human existence that challenges viewers as much as it rewards them.