He's brilliant! He's funny! He's a genius! He's a total lothario! This is seriously the only thing anyone says for the entire convulsing 1 1/2 hours.
This documentary portrait by Mike Myers (of Wayne's World and Austen Powers fame) of his friend Shep Gordon comes close to hagiography but is just about saved by great anecdotes, stylistic inventiveness and the low-key charm of the man himself.
This is a fascinating insight into the Hollywood machine through terrific old footage of some iconic faces. But it's Shep himself who makes this film so engaging.
If the film is often pure hagiography, it's rescued by the huge charm of its subject, whose present-day interviews reveal a figure of compassion and humility.
The stories are great... the kind of crazy Hollywood tales that could've only happened in the '70s.
You may not have heard of this Hollywood legend, but you definitely know a few of his famous friends.
The absurdly-paraphrased version of the story we come away with is that Gordon is the nicest guy to ever have worked in Hollywood and that good things happen to good people.
He's splendidly charismatic company, as his A-list roster attests en masse.
What could have been a very gooey, toe-curling exercise in self-congratulation is lifted by Shep Gordon himself.
We shouldn't be surprised that this is a love letter to a chum. Nor should we be surprised that one of the great masters of PR emerges smelling of roses.
It is inevitably fondly offered and soft-centred but SuperMensch is still an entertaining journey through a pretty remarkable life.
It makes for a lively, entertaining guide to the LA music scene in the 70s and 80s and the film business - Gordon dabbled in movie production.
It might veer towards hagiography at times, but its subject is so entertaining you don't even care.
You'll be looking him up as soon as it ends. The feeling this is all some huge elaborate hoax only adds spice!
Debts repaid. Schmooze mission undertaken and completed.
This exercise in boys'-club backslapping, with hearty testimonials from the likes of Sly Stallone and Michael Douglas, betrays no interest in what we actually want to know: where the bodies might be buried.
No doubt, he is a great entertainer in his own right. Still, this one is strictly for showbiz buffs and Alice Cooper fans.
More sugar-rush than Sugarman, but Gordon's extraordinary life just outside the spotlight is a whirlwind of charm and chutzpah.
The obvious affection Myers feels for his subject is extremely touching, though you do wonder just how full a picture you're getting as a result.
We should probably expect more doc profiles of prominent talent agents who are really warm, wonderful human beings. Brace yourselves.
Myers and Gordon have been buddies for more than two decades, which could yield more insight if the filmmaker wasn't so concerned with paying tribute instead.
Fun, fascinating, but a fawning documentary that avoids asking the tough questions or making the harsh judgements.
Slickly directed by actor Mike Myers, it intersperses Gordon's sunny reminiscences with testimony from an army of A-list clients and celebrity pals. Admittedly, there are great stories here.
A breezy, riveting sit, sold with humor and passable candor as this nobody who was actually somebody becomes known by everybody.
Hollywood insider Shep Gordon is a raconteur and an all-around great guy, according to him and Myers, who directed a documentary about his pal.
It may leave you asking: Why did I just watch that old guy's birthday tape?
Almost everyone who testifies - including Sylvester Stallone, Tom Arnold and Michael Douglas - agrees that he's the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Yes, there is some gravity in the film, but mostly it's the rock-and-roll story of a rock-and-roll life (even though one of his favorite clients was Canadian folk singer Anne Murray).
It's poignant that Myers, a man of great fortune and no shortage of film ideas, would choose to make his first feature a paean to a friend and mentor whom many viewers may not even know. It is an act of class and kindness befitting the movie's subject.
Supermensch: The Legend of Shep Gordon is a loving, nudge-in-the-ribs valentine to this unsung hero of the entertainment industry.
From Hendrix to Groucho: Sex and drugs and rock n roll with the legendary manager, fixer, player and celebrity sensei. Wall to wall fun.
...a very loving, very one-sided portrait of a man with, seemingly, few faults...
Tales of all manner of hedonism, drug use, drug abuse and sexual excess abound, and they're all funny. You get the sense they're well polished, but they're also well told.
At the very least it's a lot more fun than, say, 'The Love Guru.'
Gordon himself comes across as what he is - a smart hustler with an eye for the main chance, a guy with great stories who isn't a great story-teller.
Like a nice-guy version of The Kid Stays in the Picture. Proves that you don't have to be a jerk to get ahead in showbiz.
How can you not love this guy, this story?
For all the love emanating from client-pals Michael Douglas, Sylvester Stallone, Emeril Lagasse, and Steven Tyler, there's a sadness to this movie that remains just off camera.
Mike Myers makes his directorial debut by chronicling the fascinating life of one of Hollywood's most fabled raconteurs and charismatic talent managers.
There are no detractors in the mix, and because Myers's tone is so sincere and friendly, it's not a huge problem because it fits the jolly, backslapping, anecdote-oriented spirit of the piece.
It's not like every biography needs to be a takedown, but in this case it misses something significantly deeper. Part of why Gordon is so interesting is because he's a bit of a good guy gone bad, or at least living in a dark world.
Good-natured and an enjoyable watch. If Myers really just wanted to show his appreciation, he went above and beyond.
Many "who knew?" moments to keep pop-culture fans fascinated.
Shep Gordon has to be a documentary maker's dream subject, one so colorful and astonishing no screenwriter could possibly create such an over-the-top character.
You may relish the gossipy, dishy stuff Myers serves up. For a while, you can feel like a part of the golden circle.
Could have been an extraordinary documentary. Instead, it's a good one packed with great stories.
Amidst constant name-dropping, testimonials, and testosterone-fueled preening are some good examples of how Gordon succeeded for 40 years as a manager in entertainment biz.
It's an affectionate, sometimes downright slobbery career salute with a soft, unexamined center - a moving experience for all involved, no doubt, but one of limited interest outside the celebrity bubble it depicts.
That Gordon is incredibly, immensely likeable carries viewers through some less essential patches.
If you love show-business stories, as I do, you'll lap up Supermensch.
Not that 'Supermensch: The Legend of Shep Gordon' is likely to do the kind of business most Myers movies do ... but it's competent enough to suggest the filmmaker has more arrows in his quiver than 'yeah, baby.'
...make[s] you wonder if you, too, would fall under his spell and kneel at the altar of Shep Gordon. Definitely.
While Gordon may be a minor figure at best, he is, as this film shows, exactly what a mensch should be.
It's pretty entertaining and at times almost educational-Gordon's account of how, and why, he created the category of celebrity chef is a short course in modern-day branding, for better or worse.
A man is more than just the sum of his dropped names and star-dusted anecdotes. And a movie needs to be more than this.
Light, frenetic and anecdote-rich, it's the kind of back-patting Hollywood toast to the guy behind the guy that's breezy good fun if you don't examine it too hard.
Myers makes a pretty good case for the "supermensch" benediction for Gordon.
While it's an entertaining documentary, audiences may not find the 68-year-old Gordon's trajectory quite as fascinating as Myers appears to.
This clubby documentary lauds the swellness and shrewdness of the talent manager Shep Gordon with the help of celebrities and the sunnily mellifluent subject himself.
We see a photo of the titular talent manager Shep Gordon wearing a T-shirt reading No Head No Backstage Pass. That's where Mike Myers comes in.
Mike Myers' relentlessly flattering profile of Hollywood manager and mensch Shep Gordon feels like it's not always telling the whole story.
[A] fast-moving, entertaining documentary directed with penache by Mike Myers ...
The movie is most interesting as a collection of trivia-and trivial if amusing testimonials.
As much fun as it is, this all-star tribute is awfully one-note, never questioning Gordon's seemingly casual habit of befriending only the ultra-famous.
Supermensch: The Legend Of Shep Gordon is one of the most poignant and supremely entertaining docs in years.
A wonderfully-made doc that's full of pleasant surprises and a terrific portrait of someone who has deliberately remained fairly hidden from the world at large while his clients have become huge stars.
Bears an atypically vervy style for a first-time filmmaker, Wayne's World star Mike Myers, who touches on his own rough patch and Gordon's saintly intervention.
Spry, if sprawling, Supermensch warmheartedly affirms the Gordonian style of karmic contemplation.
Supermensch is a loving tribute to a friend, but in gushing effusively and endlessly over Gordon ... Myers shortchanges the audience.
This year's 20 Feet from Stardom
A glorified act of hero worship that leaves one hard-pressed to form any conclusion other than an infinitely positive one about Shep Gordon.
A pacy, funny romp through a very individual life.
"Supermensch: The Legend of Shep Gordon," the directorial debut of Mike Myers, is a vaudeville celebrity remembrance of mega-manager Shep Gordon by stars who might have starved without Gordon's help.
There is so much more to 'Supermensch' than simply sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll, which is what makes Mike Myers' directorial debut so involving, satisfying and even moving.
Supermensch is very much a celebration. But Gordon comes across as a refreshingly candid man who feels no compulsion to varnish the truth.

@highlight

Its unabashedly positive tone may strike some viewers as disingenuous, but even if Supermensch doesn't tell the whole story, it's an undeniably entertaining one.