Barratier (Les Choristes) seems to be making a bid to be France's new master of sweet nostalgia with a musical bent.
Destined to be one of the season's most energetic white elephants.
A tasty, tuneful Gallic confection.
A simplistic, uncomplicated multi-storied exploration of the French depression.
big, overwrought melodrama that celebrates the joy of big, overwrought melodramas
A frothy concoction that thrives on the improvisational creativity found on a stage.
It is a musical comedy/drama set in another time and place that asks you to give yourself over... If you're willing to play along the result is magnifique.
Elegant, reality-tinged silliness.
It's clearly old-fashioned entertainment, and while the blue-hairs will dig it, I suspect many of us with brown, blonde, black or red hair will embrace it as well.
A stereotypical 'little' French film that nevertheless comes wrapped in an awfully sweet package.
Those who like their movies (a) cute and (b) in French will go oui, oui, oui all the way home after spending 120 minutes with this rose-tinted homage to the neighborhood music halls of France...
You'll leave the theater feeling really, really good.
This flaky French import can't stick to one story and can't find a way to resolve its myriad story lines in the proper fashion.
Whimsical and toothless.
Paris 36 is ultimately about men and power.
Oh my goodness, I didn't expect this: Paris 36 is The Muppet Show in, you know, Paris in 1936.
Paris 36 is one of those exasperating movies which can't decide what it want to be and, as a result, ends up being not very much as all.
It's a complete confection -- handsome, sentimental. In the end, it works as entertainment.
Paris 36 is ill-conceived, predictable, overlong, flatly directed, over-acted, uninvolving, corny, riddled with trite music and smugly self-regarding. Not an unqualified success, one might say.
Some of the musical numbers are way too elaborate to have been presented in a suburban music hall, but if you want reality, this isn't the movie you're looking for.
Most of the disasters and triumphs that follow can be predicted well in advance. But the film brings them off with panache, particularly when it transforms into the fully fledged musical that it should have been all along.
This is the sort of sentimental, nostalgic film that constitutes a pleasant night at the movies -- it's churlish to protest that it could have been much more.
Barratier loves these people, this place, this period. The film is mostly confection, it's true, but of a very high order.
Paris 36 is a quaint trifle, re-creating an era and its atmosphere with nostalgia and affection.
If you're a Francophile, it may be worth a look. But it's no Moulin Rouge.
Christophe Barratier is proudly sentimental about it all, the style is old fashioned in the best sense, and he tells stories about pain, love and betrayal with a glass of red wine
Essentially a pastiche, as musty as a flea market.
Nostalgic and formulaic, Paris 36 comes to life at moments thanks to a game and likable cast, but those moments are too rare to make the film worthwhile for any but the most ardent Francophiles.
Oh, the ennui, the ennui.
There's plenty of heart in this uplifting crowd pleaser.
Paris 36 is a handsomely made French musical that never really soars.
Director Christophe Barratier has not crafted a film for the ages here, but it's a workable, fun piece about family and friendship, full of wonderful songs and musical numbers performed on the Chansonia stage.
Top-notch performances buoy up this sentimental (some might say clichéd) musical romp -- and who doesn't enjoy a guilty pleasure of the vintage Parisian variety?
An utterly charming and sentimental French melodrama with music, a nostalgic look backstage and back in history.
It takes a light touch to do pastry well, and Paris 36 was made with a heavy hand.
Paris 36 is perhaps overlong for what it is, and it's certainly feather-light, but it gives its watcher an uncomplicated pleasure; like looking through a faded scrapbook, filled with memories once bright.
The nicest that can be said of this unapologetically schmaltzy, and not unenjoyable, affair is that it is the best 1936 musical made in 2009.
It's an overstuffed homage to a bygone style of show business rather than a vigorous piece of entertainment on its own.
Barratier juggles his large cast of eccentrics sensationally, each character given the chance to breathe and evolve taking on a life of their own so distinct and one of a kind I was almost in awe.
Way too frantic, the movie plays like a bunch of vaudevillian actors trying to play to the cheap seats by exaggerating every gesture.
Somehow its value is never communicated to the audience in a felt way. Or maybe that's simply the crucial aspect of Paris 36 that didn't make it safely across the Atlantic.
The film is scrubbed and squeaky clean, with no nuance, poetry or personality -- and plenty of foreshadowing and explanation just in case audiences aren't following.
In the clumsy hands of Barratier, whose last film, The Chorus, irked many as maudlin, Paris 36 becomes a mostly pointless exercise in nostalgia.
The movie otherwise lacks a certain energy, advances somewhat creakily through its plot and contains mostly obligatory surprises. Still, it's pleasant and amusing.
Very disappointing...a set so phony that it robs the film of the '30s Parisian ambience it advertises... (T)he characters lack verisimilitude, as does the story.
The film is deliberately old-fashioned in its approach; the story line is resolutely linear and the production values are deluxe. It all makes for a fairly enjoyable, if schematic, backstage extravaganza.
Like a souffle overstuffed with ingredients. But it looks great on the plate, and enough of it is succulent to make up for the overcooked portions.
Without a touch of irony, Paris 36's forthrightly corny.
An irresistible and impeccable period musical set against the political and economic turmoil of France in the mid-'30s.
While Paris 36 may be too sweet and nostalgic to rank high on many critics' lists, Barratier's optimistic storytelling should generate strong word-of-mouth from audiences who remember watching and liking The Chorus.
A Parisian dream that will have you walking out on air and feeling great about the joyous possibilities of movies.
A shamelessly melodramatic series of romantic, financial and political crises embroil a rundown music hall in Paris 36, a gleaming hunk of French period schmaltz expertly rendered by director Christophe Barratier.
Though unabashedly sentimental, Christophe Barratier's old-fashioned musical is so eager to please, even cynics may be seduced.
Mr. Barratier, in trying to evoke the great French films of the 1930s and '40s, mistakes their elegant clarity for simple-mindedness and treats his material and his audience with condescension.
Cast and crew do a fine job in creating a 30's French musical.
Two hours of sugary sentiment, soap-opera-ish plotting, whimsical detail and banal music-hall performances set during one of the darkest hours in French history.
A pleasant French film that enchants in its own old-fashioned and quaint ways.
A handsomely mounted but achingly undistinguished film from writer-director Christophe Barratier.
Despite its impressive production design and lively cinematography, Paris 36 feels mostly bland, uneven and contrived with only a few fleeting moments of palpable charm, poignancy and vivacity.
The 'spicy' numbers have no dazzle, the actors mug like contestants in a Maurice Chevalier impersonation contest, and the plot is a drily indigestible wad of show-must-go-on preciousness and socialist sentimentality.
Sentimental and hummable. . .delightful original music, gorgeous cinematography, and fun choreography and production design pay tribute to a wide variety of movie musicals.
Assault by relentless accordion-playing, Paris 36 proves that sometimes, imitation is the highest form of flatulence.
In these trying times, it's great to have a positive and uplifting film that perfectly captures the spirit of an era that reminds us that entertainment will always be a way to help us rise above our woes.
My tolerance for French kitsch is low and French accordion music lower, so that I stayed in my seat bodes well for the film's commercial prospects.
A superficial, clichéd jumble that illustrates what might happen if you threw Moulin Rouge and Amélie into the same high-speed blender.
While all kinds of notes-musical and otherwise-are sounded, none reverberate emotionally.
A colorful, vibrant homage without cynicism or irony to the now-gone days of vaudeville, Gallic style.
Just when you thought they didn't make films like "Children of Paradise" anymore, "Paris 36" comes along to rejuvenate the genre.
A handsome, old-fashioned melodrama that is entertaining enough but it merely skims the surface of the period.
Beautifully realised homage to 30s theatre and French cinema, this is thoroughly charming and entertaining throughout.
Colourful, undemanding musical melodrama.
The phrase that comes to mind is cinéma de papa, the term used by the nouvelle vague to decry the bland, old-fashioned movies against which they rebelled.
Paris 36 is an indigestible hunk of gooey French cheese.
Paris 36 is exquisitely designed by Jean Rabasse and handsomely photographed by Tom Stern.
Tiring toward the end as it breathlessly runs around tying-up loose ends, Paris 36 may ultimately bite off more than it can chew but is as lively as the titular city of lights.
Solid, well-played and unabashedly sentimental '30s-set music-hall melodrama.
French viewers flocked to see Paris 36 like they were giving away neon cagoules and bumbags. Brits will probably be less impressed. But it won me over-sucker for cheap European whimsy that I am.
Like ever-changing vaudeville scenes, this delightful, yet slightly plot-heavy film mingles elements of drama, comedy, romance and musical. However, less could have been more.
Chock full of engaging narrative developments, with splendid sets, an appealing original score and gung-ho performances, there's still something perplexingly peculiar about the whole shiny package.
A bracingly old-fashioned, lushly visualized showbiz meller set against pre-World War II Gallic political unrest.
Many stale plot devices are recycled.


@highlight

Sweet and light, this homage to French vaudeville -- and Francophilia in general -- is pretty, but its air of nostalgia occasionally borders on the saccharine.