The actors project a special authenticity that engages the viewer.
Boyle takes advantage of the different moments of the boy's life to immerse himself into painful reality... [Full review in Spanish]
It's a big spoonful of sugar, and I suspect its message will finally be lost on its core audience of cinematic junk-food junkies.
Slumdog Millionaire is a film loaded with clichés. [Full Review in Spanish]
Slumdog is instantly recognizable, but rarely compelling
As cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle's camera zips and darts through slum alleyways and soars to the heights of Mumbai's thrusting new skyscrapers, the vitality of modern India bursts from the screen.
The people of Mumbai love their movies, and they'll be proud to know that this throbbing love letter to their city is the most exhilarating film of 2008.
Mr. Boyle here summons universal identification with characters while still fully immersed in the specificity of their milieu.
Heavy with humor, romance and suspense, Slumdog Millionaire is one of the best and most crowd-pleasing films of the year.
Slumdog Millionaire is an exhilarating ride -- a feel-good yarn about a Mumbai street kid directed by Danny Boyle with a wild energy that makes even Trainspotting (Boyle's calling card) look leaden-footed.
A compelling piece of entertainment that poses bigger questions than it answers, Slumdog Millionaire is a modern version of the Cinderella story with some spicy food for thought, and an undeniably sweet core.
There are so many frantic pursuits through heaving streets that it is easy to lose track of who is chasing whom, or why. Energy and urgency are substituted for realism.
The movie's real heat comes from the soulful performances by Patel and stunning newcomer Freida Pinto as Slumdog Millionaire's star-crossed lovers. It's their chemistry, as much as Boyle's exuberance, that sells the whole thing.
It's highly implausible at times but still entertaining, touching and romantic.
For most of its running time, Slumdog Millionaire is an energetic, absorbing film that rises well above the pack.
Slumdog is a good film and an appealing film with some lovely performances but it's not a great film: it's too sentimental and predictable for that.
Will he get the money [and], more importantly, will he get the girl? The whole of India is watching and rooting for him and by the end of the film you will be too.
I got swept up at the end. As will everyone. There's no denying the solid crowd pleaser structure behind this.
Danny Boyle and company have crafted a film that feels like a project of citizens of the world, not outsiders looking in.
The grottiness and the torture sequences are just window dressing to make the fluff seem real. It does the opposite, making the real seem fluffy.
Any time you see the words "human spirit" attached to a movie, run for the hills. You're about to see a manipulative film in which the scrappy underdog wins against impossible odds.
Dazzlingly photographed Indian locations add impact and Boyle never puts a foot wrong in bringing the gripping fable beautifully to the boil to deliver a masterly movie that deserves every award that's going.
[A] deliriously entertaining, unforgettable film.
The moony romance is considerably less involving than what preceded it, and that's not even factoring in a climax that literally becomes an episode of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
It's a story with a simple and schematic structure, yet as the film progresses and the stakes get higher it cleverly works the built-in tension of the TV show into the drama of the unfolding narrative.
The quiz show conceit is never really used to its full potential, and the gangster subplot is just too dark for a film that aims to bowl you out on a fairytale high.
It's a wildly engrossing movie that takes us from innocence to salvation. For all of its R-rated grit, it dances to a soulful, graceful, rhythmic cadence grounded in love and dedication.
Many films tell stories of underdogs, unrequited love and such, yet Slumdog Millionaire feels breathtakingly fresh, at times inexplicably so. Viewers are lucky, blessed or preordained to discover at least one movie like this in a lifetime.
Breathlessly paced and with bright colors amid an impoverished setting, Slumdog Millionaire is that remarkable little film find we've been waiting for all year.
Slumdog Millionaire is a lot of films -- it is a comedy, it is an adventure, it is a tragedy -- but more than anything it's a love story, and Boyle manages to nurse every ounce of emotion out of that aspect of the story without overplaying it.
It wants to be taken seriously -- but only when it's convenient.
It's just a fairy tale, maybe the most delightfully straightforward adaptation of folkloric archetypes I've seen in a modern movie.
What keeps the film semi-worthwhile is Patel's decent lead performance and Boyle's flair for visuals, especially in a film-ending dance sequence. But the payoffs aren't all that great, and the movie doesn't engage on any major level.
You know those films that suck you in? The ones where you cower when the hero is in danger and cheer when they come up trumps? Slumdog Millionaire is one of those movies.
It even ends with a Bollywood-style musical number. I'd like to see those pouty kids in Twilight pull that off.
Boyle set out to make this particular film rather than a gritty social panorama along the lines of Brazilian favela drama City of God. But keeping us cheerful takes the edge off the tougher insights into India.
This is [Boyle's] best movie to date and he's handled his actors with great sensitivity.
Does it live up to the hype? For the most part, yes.
The movie's real star is the city itself, which is brought to hectic, exuberant life by Boyle and ace cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle.
As unapologetically entertaining as Boyle's winking tale about fate is, it brings with it recognition of India's worst social ills.
This sensational, gripping film is what I call an efficient epic.
The movie runs a solid two hours, but Boyle expertly handles the pacing.
Slumdog Millionaire is a giddy, breathtaking experience, kind of like winning a million bucks. It's also tough, violent and shocking.
Boyle takes his wildly high-energy visual aesthetic and applies it to a story that, at its core, is rather sweet and traditionally crowdpleasing.
Danny Boyle's bravura command of the film medium elevates the melodramatic Slumdog Millionaire into a dazzling crowd-pleaser teeming with the sights, sounds and sensations of modern India.
It's Oliver Twist by way of City of God.
A great movie is something more than the sum total of all its parts, and here, the elements all come together to form a feature that speaks a universal form of optimism that isn't likely to get lost in translation.
Slumdog Millionaire is a film that's rich with character, emotion and pathos - with a supremely uplifting finale that'll leave your head in the clouds, it's the kind of movie that will significantly brighten your day.
It's a big, exuberant film that revels in the joy of a good story.
Jets along on a rocket-fuel cocktail of blood-pumping adrenaline, powerful secrets, searing heartache and rousing uplift.
What a difference a good screenplay makes.
There's currently plenty of Oscar buzz and it's richly deserved, as Slumdog Millionaire ranks alongside The Wrestler as the two latest masterpieces of the 21st Century.
Dialing back the hyperkinetic action to 9.5 wouldn't have hurt this spectacular tale, which combines many film genres and visual styles for a two-hour abusement-park ride that begins with torture and ends with love's inevitable triumph.
I have tried, but I cannot imagine the person who would not have a fantastic time at Slumdog Millionaire.
Hats, caps and wigs off. There's reason to dance on the streets. Here's a masterwork of technical bravura, adorned with inspired ensemble performances and directed with astonishing empathy.
Dev Patel and Freida Pinto, the older Jamal and Latika, will make you smile and cry and happy you saw Slumdog Millionaire, which will certainly be in the Oscar hunt.
Like a director from Hollywood's golden age, Boyle has a particular talent for putting a realistic spin on the outlandish.
Features a striking hero named Jamal Malik, who is as intrepid, indomitable and pure of heart as an idealized medieval knight.
Slumdog Millionaire immerses the audience in an alien landscape and shows it through the eyes of a young man fighting against history and his own culture's expectations.
Shows how a critic-pleasing film can be every bit as overbearing as a crowd-pleasing one
Captivatingly told, dynamically directed and superbly acted; Slumdog Millionaire is near unfaultable.
The greatest part of 'Slumdog' is that it transcends all boundaries: race, gender, region and class.
In retrospect it remains implausible and manipulative while still making elegant sense.
A hyperactive rags to riches yarn playing out on the mean streets of Mumbai, and with a rousing all-star Bollywood boogie finale and even a little far fetched romance tossed in, to send any problematic plot points on their way.
I'm all for scepticism over the latest 'hot' movie; the really great ones effortlessly blow such scepticism out of the water. This film most certainly does that.
Occasionally, far too occasionally, a film comes along that once again reminds you of the power of the cinematic experience: how movement, composition, light, colour and music can be stunningly shaped to create the most exquisite drama.
Difícil compreender como o roteiro pedestre de Beaufoy, a direção comprometida de Boyle e o próprio filme arrebanharam tantos troféus e placas nos últimos meses.
The ... all-too-convincing squalor and misery ... make the feel-good ending seem righteously earned.
The film is alive with vibrant colors and strange sights,
The film is beautifully crafted. Even when surrounded by trash and squalor, the slums burst forth with colors.
'Slumdog Millionaire' is a unique and memorable film -- one that's practically impossible to resist.
Hacía mucho que no salía tan conmovido por una película, con lágrimas de alegría mezcladas con las de la congoja ante ciertas realidades, golpeado por la belleza de lo simple, por la magia del cine.
Like every non-nutritious piffle hastily-consumed, the guilty reflection will come in the long hours after.
Un cuento de hadas moderno, brillantemente servido para encantar. Tiene humor, picardía, sensibilidad, romance, suspenso y una estupenda banda sonora. Y no hay que tomárselo demasiado en serio.
2008 Oscars: This is a lock. I keep trying to find a way that Slumdog won't win I can't. Let the industry have its Slumdog. This year I think I'm going to need hair of the dog.
The best movie of 2008.
This is an unusual hybrid of film styles. It is also upbeat (despite some real tragic elements) and likable in a very infectious way.
Locates the lamplight of human desire, and proves that it burns all across the world, no matter circumstance, ethnicity or religion...
... this production could well be billed as the most entertaining film of 2008.
There's certainly some very good direction, editing and acting - especially by the kids. But the adult actors just didn't seem to carry the weight of the harrowing back story.
Digs into India's gritty depths, where it juxtaposes squalor, exploitation and corruption with humanity's fight to overcome it. Elements are predictable, but the movie never is slight, in large part due to its superb cast.
Whoever thought that a movie that begins with torture would turn out to be an anthem to friendship and joy?
Funny, emotional, exhilarating.
Few directors get people like Danny Boyle. Even fewer writers understand how to write a character like Simon Beaufoy (The Full Monty, Miss Pettygrew Lives for a Day).
Designed around poverty, love and questions though it is, Slumdog Millionaire never really answers big questions. But there's no denying that it's bravura entertainment.
... lives up to its premise even at its most far-fetched, creating a beautifully realized and edited film.
...equal parts Dickensian grotesquery, Horatio Alger striving, '90s arthouse growl, and Bollywood flair.
From simple, childhood glee to teenage trouble and heartache, it's the kind of universal story that will leave you breathless.
"Slumdog Millionaire" is an engaging and inspirational ride that will have you stating a million reasons to see it.
Slumdog Millionaire, a film so upbeat and colourful that, by the time you're relaying its infectious air of optimism to friends, you could forget that it features orphans, slaughter, organised crime, poverty, enslavement and police brutality.
A spirited underdog fable marinated in modern India's melting pot. Danny Boyle's still the master of spices.
Mumbai's brand new skyscrapers sprout out of patches of mud; Jamal's old-fashioned principles will forever be out of synch with the slick, nightclub world that his older brother Salim inhabits. And so it goes. The romance? Fear not. It's fabulous icing.
Despite being overpraised - it arrives garlanded with the kind of reviews that must have come out after the opening night of King Lear - this is still very effective entertainment.
Slumdog Millionaire is as acerbic as it is clear-eyed about the brutal power dynamics in modern-day Mumbai. But, at the same time, what makes it so warming and what has been inspiring audiences all across the world to cheer at its rousing ending.
Hard hearts may balk at the unashamed sentiment, black and white morality, and question-flashback contrivances, but let them eat pie and mash: this is a tangy banquet of smile-on-the-face feel good.
Vivid, moving and breathlessly exciting, this enthralling mingling of fable, travelogue and social commentary sees Danny Boyle at the top of his game. Phone a friend and tell them not to miss it.
Danny Boyle's finest since Trainspotting. In fact, it's the best British/Indian gameshow-based romance of the millennium.
Vibrant and affecting.
Is it a great movie? For me, it falls well short. But I don't see how anyone could deny that Slumdog Millionaire is terrific, exhilarating, inspirational entertainment.
I have the uneasy feeling I may be the only critic on planet Earth who isn't going to be sprinkling stars over Slumdog like confetti, but I bet you 1m we'll see better this year.
Slumdog offers a million other reasons to enjoy an escapist trip to the cinema, well away from the credit crunch.
Don't worry about suspending disbelief: for an hour or so Boyle will do it for you. The film's visual panache is strong enough to ambush doubters, whose scepticism will stumble into hidden nets and be hoisted high into the firmament.
I'm not sure it's a great movie, but it's certainly a great audience movie.
It's a fantasy with realist stud marks, full of energy, colour and, frankly, cliché.
Hugely enjoyable and bursting with energy, this is a superbly directed, brilliantly written and beautifully acted drama that packs a powerful emotional punch.
A blast of raw, colourful energy elevates this gritty tale into one of the most enjoyable films of the year
Nothing if not more than the sum of its parts.
The film does an excellent job projecting suspense among all castes gathered in front of television sets while watching a popular quiz show in India.
Despite the poverty, the reek of saffron and excrement evoked by vivid shanty town scenes, Doyle has captured the life force of his characters.
Director Danny Boyle takes a love story, wraps it up in television game show, and delivers it via a kaleidoscopic travelogue of Mumbai. And it works. Splendidly!
It's as exhilarating as a stiff cup of chai.
I can't honestly say that I am pulling for Slumdog Millionaire to walk away with the golden statue, but if it does in fact happen, I wouldn't think about complaining for one second.
This is an interesting, inventively told, look at life in India, but Oscar-quality? With apologies to John McEnroe, you cannot be serious.
A dizzying, delightful spectacle situated on the Subcontinent which is well worth the investment for the kaleidoscope of colors splashed across the screen alone.
A rousing celebration of life, love and hope.
As the end credits rolled, all I could think was, I've got to see this again, soon!
Dickens would undoubtedly have approved: after all, his stories invariably had happy endings.
It's about time we come up with a name for how...Third World cultures are exploited by Western filmmakers. Thirdploitation, anyone?
No Matter What Genre Boyle Delves Into, this is a Beautiful and Suspenseful Fairy Tale.
It's the kind of movie that tugs so politely but insistently at your heart strings that in the end it seems the most natural thing in the world to succumb to its joyous charms.
... Director Danny Boyle paints a vivid, painful picture of child exploitation, racism, jealousy, violence and survival.
I don't think Boyle could film paint drying and make it dull.
At turns wonderfully entertaining, powerfully heartfelt and downright chilling as it delivers its message: Pay attention, life will tell you all you need to know.
Potentially treacly material, yet in the hands of director Danny Boyle, Slumdog soars on the strength of its beguiling characters and exotic setting.
Engineered to go down easy, Slumdog Millionaire is occasionally chilling and frequently delightful in its artifice.
Because much of [the movie's] drama takes place on the set of a globally franchised game show..., the plucky Jamal becomes an underdog hero the whole world can love and root for.
(T)his is perhaps the best film of Boyle's already illustrious career -- and this is the man who gave us Trainspotting, Millions, and 28 Days Later, mind you.
All of the dots fit together very nicely and this journey is one I would take again in a second. Though I was hoping for tears of joy at the end and I didn't get it. But I was close.
Even if you're not as moved as you think you ought to be by the fairytale 'rags to rajah' storyline, you're likely to be awed by the film's visual and sonic density...
This is Boyle's best since Trainspotting.
Together Boyle and his co-director Loveleen Tandeen have created a portrait of a city in transition -- a place of relentless energy, of ambition and inspiration; of poverty and exploitation, of obscene riches and modest desires.
The climax was so tense I actually fell off my chair. And the ending had me in tears. Tears of joy.
Boyle confidently mines the feelgood opportunities of Simon Beaufoy's screenplay, adapted from Vikas Swarup's novel, without letting the film collapse into soppiness or sentimentality.
Shows [Boyle] at the top of his form.
Absolutely amazingly wonderful.
Boyle's skilled direction along with Anthony Dod Mantle's cinematography thrusts the viewer into a world that is completely foreign to an American audience but earns its affection nonetheless.
What a story like this requires is a gentle subtlety, but Boyle is certainly not gentle and far from subtle.
Hardscrabble British director Danny Boyle does an astounding job at building and maintaining suspense.
It's a joyous, moving, living work that propels Boyle to the forefront of filmmakers working today.
we may feel somewhat bamboozled by the beguilingly colourful ride this film takes us on... but there is also a more real, altogether less salubrious Indian history on offer here for those who have eyes to see.
Most fairy tales are rooted first in nightmares, and if this story is any indication, there are plenty of those haunting the people of Mumbai.
Compelling and moving, bitter sweet and haunting, it's one of the best films of the year. Any year.
It's a shame that Boyle and Beaufoy toss aside all innovation in order to bind the final half-hour into a straightjacket of rigid formula plotting ... Still, three-quarters of a stellar movie is nothing to sneer at.
Danny Boyle has hit the jackpot with this wonderfully uplifting rags-to-riches story that has so much of everything, I felt as though I had won 20 million rupees myself. Above all, it's a love story, but also a story of survival
Like Mumbai, Slumdog pulses and throbs with raw, unadulterated life and the hope for a better Bombay, today. It's brilliant.
However improbable those circumstances get, Boyle and writer Simon Beaufoy (who adapted a novel by Vikas Swarup) keep us rooting for Jamal Malik to slay his dragons.
Slumdog Millionaire is not the cure for all the world's ills, but it comes close. It solves, for instance, such endemic global problems as: a) sadness, b) lovelessness, c) cynicism, and d) the waning cultural relevance of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.
It's a diverting yarn, one pulsing with unexpected sights and sounds. Sometimes you'd swear you can smell this movie.
From an early footchase in which the careening camera gives us a tour of the maze-like slums, to the ridiculously uplifting Bollywood dance number that plays over the end credits, Slumdog Millionaire makes for kinetic, exhilarating entertainment.
At times, it feels somewhat schematic and overloaded. But the spirit of the thing -- both the narrative and the filmmaking -- is undeniable.
Slumdog Millionaire bursts with life, delighting, shocking and constantly engaging through lively visuals and the rags-to-maybe-riches adventures of a young man who travels from the slums to the hot seat of the Indian Who Wants To Be a Millionaire.
A kaleidoscope of multiplicity -- romance, memoir, coming-of-age, sibling rivalry, gangsterism -- accompanied by trains, always trains, carrying us in, around and through this masterpiece.
Patel is likable as Jamal, and Kapoor and Khan are terrific as always.
Its social realism is a far cry from the escapist fare created by the Bollywood fantasy factory, but the percussive score by Bollywood veteran A.R. Rahman and a rousing dance number finale add cultural specificity and vibrancy.
[A] taut, tense and witty tale of human tragedy and triumphant humanity set against the sweep of modern India.
An unapologetic modern fairy tale ... The construct is so appealing, it's almost instantly classic.
With a good feel for environment as character, Boyle brings his customary vitality -- throbbing music, jaunty editing, showy cinematography -- and an aptly, rousingly silly Bollywood-style dance number for the closing credits.
Much of the story seems distorted for melodramatic effect. The concept of the film makes it seem light, but the first reel is very violent and perhaps harrowing.
Worth seeing, but you slog through a lot of muck and mire to find the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow
A romantic drama about fate's forceful hand at work is a charming film that sometimes feels too much like City of God to be a film about love.
It is as if we are constantly reminded that we do not drink from the fountain of real wisdom, but rather, with Slumdog Millionaire, it is just a movie, that it is most assuredly written.
What is Slumdog Millionaire? A. The next Little Miss Sunshine. B. The greatest movie of all time. C. The most overrated movie of 2008. D. The most un-Danny Boyle Danny Boyle film. Only one answer...
Director Danny Boyle has crafted one of the best and most surprising films of the year. Slumdog Millionaire is a dour film to watch but somehow manages to maintain a heart.
Boyle uses the stomping rhythms of Bollywood showtunes just as he used the thrusting beat of Iggy Pop to drive Trainspotting, and the result is his best picture since that 1996 hit.
Anyone who is not smiling by the time the Bollywood-style closing-credits dance number arrives is surely dead inside.
Energetically merges Hollywood with Bollywood.
Danny Boyle's hyperactive camera and rude-boy style strain to manipulate us into the emotions the script doesn't honestly earn.
[An] enchanting movie about love and destiny and honor and perseverance and how a sh*tload of money cannot ever hope to measure up to them...
A clever variation on the classic underdog story with major elements of the Cain and Abel story and an eye opening travelogue to boot.
...adventurous and exuberantly triumphant. Clearly, this underdog rags-to-riches saga percolates in originality and blistering spirit...fascinatingly lyrical and mischievous
An exhilarating experience that transcends the cuteness and contrivance of its basic premise through the sheer bravura of its filmmaking.
This horrifically beautiful rags-to-riches fairytale is an intoxicating blend of genres that touches on a wide range of emotions.
I think it's a good movie, but I think the real reason it's getting all this acclaim is that it's just the right time for a movie like this. Everyone loves an underdog and with all the crap going on in the world right now, people are going to embrace it.
An absolutely heart-warming film that Hollywood cannot produce nowadays. Fortunately there is Bollywood! Don't miss this movie of the year.
Like Jamal, Slumdog Millionaire succeeds against all odds and in ways that you think are impossible. In our cynical, contemporary times, it delivers a romantic fable that's as rich, complex, and beautiful as the city it comes from.
The remarkably versatile Danny Boyle renders a tale both harrowing and touching, without becoming maudlin.
An intoxicating mix of genres: comedy, drama, suspense, even Bollywood-style musical.
The movie is buoyed by a rich, life-affirming vision of ancient verities in a Brave New Third World that fairly sweeps us away.
Watching Slumdog Millionaire, it's easy to believe director Danny Boyle has been working toward this brilliantly woven masterwork with each entertaining and diverse tale he's delivered.
I'll keep this simple: Cancel whatever you're doing tonight and go see Slumdog Millionaire instead.
It's a movie of kaleidoscopic contradictions and dazzling clarity.
If Charles Dickens set Oliver Twist in 21st-century Mumbai, reimagining the sweeping story of love and friendship, poverty and tragedy through a Bollywood lens, the result would be a lot like Slumdog Millionaire.
This spacious meld of old, old-school Hollywood and traditional Indian saga slathered with just a pinch of Bollywood ought to have enough spice and romance for the suburbs.
In a year of DOA movies, this one is unquestionably alive.
It doesn't happen often, but when it does, look out: a movie that rocks and rolls, that transports, startles, delights, shocks, seduces. A movie that is, quite simply, great.
The film is a delight.
You are guaranteed to leave the theater on a high.
Not that the movie from director Danny Boyle isn't satisfying, isn't more than worth seeing. But I had been expecting cinematic fireworks to justify the claim that it's the best movie of the new millennium.
The point isn't whether all of it is implausible -- it is -- but how easily that implausibility seduces us.
This little film has the potential to score a big audience.
It's a masterpiece, and that's my final answer.
Weaving through Boyle's latest film is a wonderfully transforming coming-of-age thread. It ties up several stories, and does so with heartfelt emotion.
Look for multiple Oscar nominations for this movie.
Worth seeing.
There are no surprises in this movie, and most people will be able to predict, within the first ten minutes, roughly how the last ten will pan out.
Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire is trying very hard to be a Dickensian fable for our time.
Pure movie magic -- pulsing with life, oozing authenticity and so drunk on romance that it simply has to end with an exuberant musical number.
Slumdog Millionaire is just the sort of rags-to-riches yarn that turns Academy voters' heads.
Boyle's dynamic camera angles and lively pacing memorably tour the Indian landscape
I get why Slumdog Millionaire is getting all the raves. It's well done and it's the kind of movie that gets people's attention. Just not mine.
The movie brushes against some of India's worst social ills, but it's essentially a fairy tale.
The filmmaker deftly weaves between past, present and a (potentially) hopeful future with such energetic skill it is impossible not to be impressed.
The storytelling is wobbly at times, but the tale itself is so engaging you'll overlook all that. Well, most of it, anyway.
That this sentimental journey is structured as well by the game show connects this jaunty thriller with Boyle's dazzling opus on consumers and/as addicts, Trainspotting.
Parental Content Review
Slumdog Millionaire is skillful entertainment, with the simple message that the most intense life experiences yield the greatest education.
Such style! ...the most exhilarating movie of prestige season, even as it is almost entirely taken up with suffering.
Slumdog Millionaire is [Boyle's] liveliest fusion of style and content since Trainspotting.
Slumdog Millionaire features the simplest story Boyle has ever told, which may explain why its many pleasures are so pure.
Why, when Boyle has for half a film been such a devastating purveyor of social class suffering, would he turn as glossy as a Disney cartoon?
Slumdog Millionaire is, quite simply, one of the best films of 2008.
A classic story of adversity told with outstanding passion and visual agility...it's almost guaranteed to soothe any viewer with a soft spot for beautifully sculpted contrivance.
Like all good fairy tales, this outsize celebration of perseverance and moral triumph contains within it a deeper idea -- in this case, the relative nature of what we think we know, and what's worth knowing at all.
Romantic, action-packed and always held together by an intriguing social conscience, Slumdog Millionaire is a rapturous crowd pleaser.
Bursting with energy, color and a bracing humanism, Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire is an underdog story that you can feel plenty good about liking.
Both tragic and joyful, it's like a musically accented Oliver Twist, a lightly curried Frank Capra.
Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire is a stylish, ingeniously constructed bit of hokum, a sparkling trinket of a movie that's as implausible as it is irresistible.
Slumdog Millionaire ... (gives) audiences a brilliant, bold, epic sweep that combines heart-breaking romance with nerve-wracking suspense. It's easily one of the best films of 2008.
Bollywood melodramas it stylistically apes, Boyle's film is unapologetically pop, even as Boyle himself seems to be at once inside and outside the idiom, embracing it while winking slyly at our collective need for escapist fantasy.
The best old-fashioned audience picture of the year, a Hollywood-style romantic melodrama that delivers major studio satisfactions in an ultra-modern way.
It's fair to say that the movie ends so well that it will redeem the entire experience for many viewers. It all depends on how you feel about the sluggish 90 minutes that went before.
When Boyle pulls back to show us his grand vision, it's a stunner. And everything suddenly falls into place, as if this uncommonly daring film was fated to work from the very start.
Four stars simply aren't enough for Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire, which just may be the most entertaining movie I've ever labeled a masterpiece in these pages.
[E]ven at its most harrowing and heartbreaking, Slumdog Millionaire is never less than deliriously entertaining.
A crazy kaleidoscope of craft and color that's a matchless homage to India's limitless favelas
Some people might fault "Slumdog" because they perceive it as a fluff piece full of the kind of schmaltz unbecoming to modern cinemagoers.
There hasn't been a social drama this decadently over-hyped since City of God. Boyle plays the same game of pandering to liberal sensibilities while entertaining safe, middle-class distance.
A high point for Danny Boyle and one of the best films of the year. It is written: Slumdog Millionaire is truly a one in a million.
Danny Boyle has been making headlong movies for 13 years now, yet none have been as dazzling or delirious - as alive - as Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is nothing if not an enjoyably far-fetched piece of rags-to-riches wish fulfillment. It's like the Bollywood version of a Capra fable sprayed with colorful drops of dark-side-of-the-Third-World squalor.
The beautifully rendered and energetic tale celebrates resilience, the power of knowledge and the vitality of the human experience. Horrifying, humorous and life-affirming, it is, above all, unforgettable.
An entertaining, ingenious yarn, despite a few loose ends.
This is a breathless, exciting story, heartbreaking and exhilarating at the same time.
Drama, comedy, musical, thriller, love story, and more in one transcending, riveting story. It is life on celluloid and, easily, one of the best movies of the year.
It's a unique adventure movie, and it leaves you breathless.
"Slumdog Millionaire" is an absolute delight throughout and I cannot imagine the possibility of a viewer sitting through it without completely succumbing to its massive charms.
"Slumdog Millionaire's" game show gambit is both the film's hook and its undoing, intellectually intriguing in its structural use yet emotionally distancing in failing to suspend disbelief.
Slumdog Millionaire is definitely Boyle's best film to date taking the use of cinematography, music and story telling to a new level. One of the best films of the year!
A conceit that grows horribly stale.
A gaudy, gorgeous rush of color, sound and motion, Slumdog Millionaire doesn't travel through the lower depths, it giddily bounces from one horror to the next.
Slumdog Millionaire has the goods to bust out as a scrappy contender in the Oscar race. It's modern India standing in for a world in full economic spin.
Slumdog Millionaire is a ruthlessly effective paean to destiny, leaving nothing to chance. It also has a good shot at winning this year's Academy Award for best picture, if the pundits, Allah, Shiva and Fox Searchlight Pictures have anything to say
Much of the film is so overwhelming as sheer mass spectacle that it serves as a sobering view of an overpopulated part of the world that defies any judgmental analysis.
Once Slumdog launches into its final act, you'll get that pang that comes with the last chapter of a great book you wish you weren't about to finish.
An overly convenient romantic drama that feels too prefabricated to be bought into.
a perfect rhapsody that within its confines of one seemingly small life, finds the key to life itself.
As the flash and burn of Boyle's imagery loses its sugar high, the limp proposition that it's covering up becomes more and more evident.
Proof that life provides its own form of education ... The year's best crowd-pleaser.
Clearly one of the best movies of the year, Slumdog Millionaire is a fine example of why we love to watch movies.
Boyle's feature draws the viewer in, immersing him in a fast-moving, engaging narrative featuring a protagonist who is so likeable it's almost unfair.
I think something this beautifully orchestrated will find itself tossed around when the Oscar nominations are announced. And if that happens, it will be richly deserved.
A story of coincidences and luck and eventually fate, it's a classic, perhaps cliched tale-- but one that has rarely felt or looked so alive.
Their odyssey is downright Dickensian...
Slumdog Millionaire is fantasy yet its hyperactively effervescent (if still personal, intimate) portrait of both ingrained social barriers and altruism's ability to demolish them is genuine and sweet.
A phantasmagorical movie directed by Danny Boyle filled with dazzling and varied sights of India, characters we can identify with and cheer for, and a jubilant message about destiny and love.
Boyle's answer to "Across the Universe" in which, out of a miasma of cruelty and idealism, a romance takes root and fills us with a sense of masterful achievement.
Brutal and beautiful, tragic and joyful, it's one of the year's best movies, a must-see!
Director Danny Boyle has made a cross-cultural milestone that plays with the edgy enrgy of "Trainspotting," albeit with considerable influence from its vibrant Mumbai (formerly Bombay) locations and talented cast.
An epic tale that vividly crosses genres of comedy, romance and gangsterism.
Boyle and Tandan have made an enchanting story about the power of knowledge, knowledge gained from experiences and gained from life itself.
Despite its elements of brutality, this is a buoyant hymn to life, and a movie to celebrate.
Virtually the textbook definition of a crowd-pleaser...
The movie event of the season and strong Oscar contender, this is Danny Boyle's most exuberant and exciting work since Trainspotting, benefiting immensely from the unique physical and cultural milieu.
There's sadness and tragedy within Slumdog Millionaire -- starvation, genocide, child prostitution and overwhelming oppression -- but there's humor, humanity and dignity as well.
Boyle's most ambitious film to date is also his greatest. Simply put, Slumdog Millionaire in one of the best -- if not the best -- films of 2008, as teeming with life as the slums it depicts.
A solidly entertaining and energizing film.
Slumdog Millionaire is the film world's first globalized masterpiece.
Boyle and Beaufoy, working from a novel by Vikas Swarup, uninsistently make the case that the most useful intelligence, in all its forms, comes from life experience.
You want guilt-free joy? It's right here.
Probably my favorite film of the year.
It's not often that a movie with so much bad luck can be filled with so much hope, but Slumdog Millionaire is such a movie.
A moving, joyous, at times harrowing tale.
I don't know if I'm ready to declare this the best movie of 2008 just yet, but it's definitely in the running.
At his best, director Danny Boyle comes somewhere close to alchemy, making invigorating and original cinema out of material that, on the face of it, just shouldn't work.
It's an underdog crowd-pleaser, a radiant love story and a taste of Bollywood splendor.
It's a wrenching fairy tale, a yarn rife with desperate want, loyalty and love, a fable of the vagaries of life that are often cruel but sometimes unexpectedly, sublimely kind.

@highlight

Visually dazzling and emotionally resonant, Slumdog Millionaire is a film that's both entertaining and powerful.