A poignant inside look into the world of crossover puzzles of the NY Times.
As pleasant and good-natured as Wordplay is, it's not exactly potent stuff"
If the movie emphasizes anything, it affirms that common-interest societies like this ... all survive by sharing the traits of community, devotion, and mutual dedication.
Patrick Creadon's documentary about the New York Times crossword puzzle's creators and fans is a positively joyful movie that will appeal even to audiences who have little affinity for the mind-bending puzzles.
Similar in structure to the recent movie Spellbound, Wordplay is a fun documentary about an American institution and national habit.
This movie is done so well that even if you're like me and don't do crossword puzzles, you'll still be entertained.
Director Patrick Creadon has turned crossword puzzling into a spectator sport.
Boy, was I wrong. There's more palm-sweating suspense in one minute of this baby than in all of The Omen.
A five-letter synonym for this movie: Zzzzz.
Where Wordplay wins is not so much in the contest footage, but in its interviews with average, everyday crossword puzzle junkies.
Intriguing, surprising and stimulating, Wordplay is much more than a documentary about a crossword tournament. Anyone who is remotely interested in the English language will be fascinated
Wordplay gave me new respect for the intelligence of those who solve them well, and admiration for those who create them.
Their world of puzzles is like an alternate universe and this film offers a window into it.
Even though these puzzles are mapped out with utmost precision -- and even though logic is an extremely useful tool for solving them -- they're still, somehow, objects of intrigue and mystery.
A wonderful little documentary that seems fascinated with humanity.
isn't the nail-biter that the 2003 spelling-bee documentary 'Spellbound' was (but) Creadon and editor Doug Blush successfully build suspense and find unexpected drama and comedy in the competition.
So there's this new documentary about crossword puzzles . . . WAIT, get back here!
Cleverly devised and creatively made in ways that ought to make its subject accessible to anyone.
It's a movie about crosswords, as seen through [puzzlers'] eyes, and it makes us one of them as we learn how to do crosswords by their side.
I have to admit that for me these self-proclaimed nerds are more interesting and impressive than anything that I have ever seen in a NFL documentary.
A fun documentary about those who make puzzles and those who do them.
As diverting as it is derivative...
Creadon's inventive visuals turn puzzle-solving into a spectator sport.
... fills in the blanks with genial zeal.
An affable, lightweight documentary about crossword puzzle aficionados.
How do you make an entertaining film about a solitary and cerebral pastime, however popular? That's the puzzle that Creadon never really solves.
Enough of this curiously fascinating subject is in play in the film, and the range of fans Creadon interviews (from Yankee pitcher Mike Mussina to the Indigo Girls to President Clinton) demonstrates the broad appeal.
A playful, informative and very sweet documentary about the world of words 'across' or 'down.'
The film succeeds by following the Spellbound format and formula.
The competition is less interesting than the revelation of a crossword culture in which fans can identify the style of professional puzzle constructors ('that's a Merle Reagle') the way music buffs might recognize a guitar lick ('that's Steve Cropper').
Creadon approaches his subject with the same respect and intelligence Shortz credits his audience.
A rousing endorsement of the principles of fair play and communication.
It's so rare, and so delightful, to see a film that unabashedly celebrates folks who are supersmart and feel no need to hide it that that alone is reason to check out this unexpectedly riveting film.
Wordplay functions as a playful celebration of brain power, and in that respect, it gets its point Across. And Down.
insight into an intriguing little world bound by a grid and the human imagination
Brain-busting and amusing, it does for puzzlers what "Spellbound" did for spelling bees and "Mad Hot Ballroom" did for dance competitions.
Less than riveting filmmaking, but if you're a puzzler, you'll probably enjoy it.
The fact that Wordplay works as a film at all is a testament to its skill.
This is like finding the Spellbound kids trapped in perpetual mania.
Enticing, delightful and any word for 'highly entertaining' that will fit in a bunch of little boxes on a page.
It manages to turn an internal, solitary activity into fodder for an engaging, even exciting movie.
There's a surface satisfaction to Wordplay that's absolutely undeniable. But there are also just enough smarts here to make you wish for something more.
Manages to present lively and entertaining portraits of men and women who think in boxes while working outside of them.
Playful and delightful, it's a wonderfully and breezily entertaining film.
Wordplay is downright whimsical in its love and appreciation for the crossword crowd.
Thankfully, just when you're ready to nod off, Stewart comes back. Watching him attack the Times with his pen and screaming 'Bring it!' is worth the price of admission.
If you're the kind of person who has never attempted a crossword more challenging than the celebrity-themed puzzles found in the back of Star magazine, it's remarkable how gripping and just plain fun you'll find Wordplay.
In the resourceful documentary Wordplay, action doesn't speak louder than words. Instead, these components have the same creative cache worth exploring.
A sincere, comprehensive look at the inside world of hardcore crossword puzzling.
Patrick Creadon has configured a piece which you may think appeals only to people crazy enough to devote a portion of every day to solving crossword puzzles. That would be wrong.
For those of you who think you're pretty adept at solving crossword puzzles, as I do, think again. We are basically all rank amateurs.
...like a good crossword, it is artfully constructed.
This is the kind of documentary that is a must for anyone who steadfastly spends the time each day or week to complete his or her favorite crossword.
Word nerds get their props in this gleefully geeked-out doc.
What's an eight-letter word for a non-fiction feature that is witty, wise and wonderful?
Every bit as smart as the Times puzzles, puzzlemakers and puzzle solvers.
Wordplay captures the exhilaration that comes from navigating the ins and outs of complex puzzles. It also celebrates the English language in a way that is stimulating and immensely entertaining.
An exhilarating celebration of a national pastime.
Engaging documentary that opens up a world of words.
A funny look at the subculture of crossword puzzling, a study of both solver and constructor (like Mr. Reagle) that culminates in the annual tournament to determine the best solver in America.
Creadon has a lively, jazzy touch, and he enjoys an embarrassment of engaging subjects.
Even if you've never done a crossword in your life or been frustrated by the attempt, you will likely be drawn into this intriguing world through the enthusiasm expressed by its adherents.
Just like its predecessors, Wordplay is likable and engaging. It's even, at times, a cut above.
...it's hard to resist the charms of Wordplay, particularly if...you have a touch (or more than a touch) of the puzzle geek within.
A light, breezy documentary that introduces us to a genial gang of crossword puzzle fans whose passion for the pastime is gleefully infectious.
A film so crammed with characters and quirks that you'll smile all the way home.
The film is made with a lot of style and visual ingenuity.
The most minor entry in the brainiac-doc genre to date, it's nevertheless a perfectly entertaining hour and a half for crossword adepts.
Wordplay is geared towards those fanatics who can't get enough of the so-called sport.
So many aspects of our lives are mundane that just having some sort of passion... means that people are taking time to engage themselves in more than merely subsistence. That demonstrates that there is culture left in the world...
This documentary is not for everyone, but if you've ever enjoyed sitting down with coffee and a crossword, you're part of a very large group of people who will 'get' this film.
Get ready to attend the world's biggest celebration of nerds!
Finishing a crossword puzzle may be satisfying, but Patrick Creadon's absorbing documentary Wordplay proves that it's more interesting to see how one gets started.
Writer and director Patrick Creadon makes us care about this passionate cast and finds visually inventive ways to illustrate the players' thought processes.
Warm, lively and organized around an ingenious structural conceit.
Even if you don't know an em from an en, you'll be amazed by Wordplay's ability to take you into the mind of a crossword puzzle enthusiast.
Working from a template made familiar by such recent documentaries as Spellbound and Mad Hot Ballroom, Wordplay provides a series of clues that artfully explain the defining madness of the Times crossword.
Though it doesn't delve deep into the personalities of the amiably nerdy players, the nimbly edited film manages to eke some tension out of a three-way championship match.
It's a simple tribute to a smart man [Shortz], an elite, who knew what he wanted.
Dramatic, especially for those moviegoers who tax their brains working crosswords.
A fitting tribute to ambitious thinkers who see life as a series of blanks waiting to be filled in.
[A] charming documentary from first-time director Patrick Creadon.
[Wordplay] cheerfully and winningly celebrates the passionate practitioners of crossword puzzles.
Less interested in reinventing the non-fiction wheel than in providing a rousing, addictively brainy good time.
While the handling of the matter may seem slight, this is crossword puzzles we're talking about here, not rocket science - you enjoy them, throw them away, and move on.
One of the great nerd docs about nerds in recent years.
Engaging without being especially insightful or compelling.
This is so joyous, without being condescending, that one can't help but feel good.
Using a slew of interesting interviews and a brilliant visual device, filmmaker Patrick Creadon treats the ordinarily solitary pursuit of 'crossword-puzzling' as a kind of spectator sport.
It's entertaining, brainy and eye opening.
With affectionate humor and quirky, low-key charm, first-time documentary filmmaker Patrick Creadon leads us on an engaging tour of the world of New York Times/NPR puzzle guru Will Shortz.
What's an 11-letter phrase for fellowship? The answer is 'camaraderie' -- and it's on view in every scene in this film.
It has a charming protagonist in Will Shortz, the crossword editor of the New York Times.
Affectionate, smartly done promo for puzzling.
This is an odd and endearing look at the minds behind those tricky puzzles as well as the minds on the receiving end of all that Down and Across.
Oh, Beckham can bend it and Shaq can dunk, but, in the annals of spectator sports, nothing can compare with the sight of rugged down-and-acrossers strutting their stuff on the vast playing field of words.
Bright, concise and to the point.
Now you may be thinking that crossword puzzles would a pretty thin idea to hang 80 minutes of movie on...and you'd be right.
I have never so badly wanted to finish a crossword.
Whatever the documentary's flaws, the filmmakers should be saluted for giving us a rare glimpse of life in these trenches.
First, spelling bees, then, penguins and now ... crossword puzzles? Unlikely as it seems, this warm-hearted, star-flecked inquiry into the word-game habit could very well be this summer's hit documentary.
Here is yet another documentary built around a competition -- in this case the 28th Annual Crossword Puzzle Tournament in Stamford, Conn.
There are seemingly few subjects less cinematic than poindexters filling out grids and boxes, but the filmmakers create a palpable sense of excitement by dividing the screen into split screens that invite audiences to fill out puzzles alongside the film's
What is an eight letter word for a totally engrossing and entertaining documentary about crossword puzzles, those who create them and those who obsessively solve them?
Creadon manages to find the tension in the sight of a bunch of people frantically penciling letters into small boxes.
Whether or not you enjoy word puzzles, it's hard to resist this eager-to-please documentary about crosswords and the people behind them.
[An] amiable brainiacs-are-cool documentary.
A playful documentary about crossword puzzle-heads that is a total delight from start to finish.
Wordplay has no subject, finally, besides the puzzle you could be solving instead.
Niceness... takes the edge off Patrick Creadon's otherwise revitalizing documentary.
An enjoyable and entertaining distraction that makes crossword puzzles seem a hell of a lot cooler and hipper than they've ever been.
A cute, quirky but predominately superficial portrait of brainy wordsmiths.
A composite portrait of the estimated 50 million Americans weekly -- including Bill Clinton, Bob Dole and Jon Stewart - who clear the cobwebs from their mental machinery by completing a crossword.
A delightful diversion.
A delightfully unimportant and entertaining documentary about the New York Times crossword puzzle.
Well-polished and craftily constructed, this is a documentary that's at its best when sitting down with the various crossword crackers from around the country
For those curious as to the activity's history, this quirky cast of characters provides all you want to know and more.
Punsters, linguists and crossword puzzle fanatics everywhere couldn't ask for a more bracing tribute than helmer Patrick Creadon's buoyant and exhilaratingly brainy docudocu Wordplay.




@highlight

You see them hunched over with their brows furrowed, folded newspaper in hand as they attempt to complete the crossword puzzle. This may even describe you. This ingeniously edited documentary introduces viewers to some of the more dedicated fans of this solitary pastime, none more well-known the puzzle editor for the New York Times, Will Shortz. This underground world provides a surprising amount of crowd-pleasing entertainment and suspense, especially at the annual crossword tournament. Didn't know there was one, did you?