If you love Kawasakis, Hondas, and Yamahas, and don't mind tin-eared writing, get down to the multiplex.
That's right, it's time for yet another entry in that most-dreaded of genres: The XXXTREME Sports Movie.
It might hold some appeal if you're as teenager with a thing for dirt bikes.
It's a bizarre, contradictory mess, a lousy promotion for a sport still unknown to many Americans
Finally, we get Supercross: The Movie, which basically fills in the holes Supercross: The Novel left behind.
As a fetishized appropriation of the extreme sport of Supercross motorcycle racing, for a story about two different-but-similar racing brothers, "Supercross" succeeds in combining fast action with slow burn emotional fuses.
You could see the same thing for free -- with higher production values and snappier dialogue -- watching X Games coverage on ESPN.
Mercifully, it's a mad dash to the final finish line.
Like the drive-in classics of Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff, this develops the principal characters and conflicts with just enough depth and keeps the narrative moving at a brisk pace.
This action-packed dirt bike adventure is way too formulaic for even the dopiest of dopes.
The cinematography has the cheap, washed-out look of old home movies, but director Steve Boyum provides some exciting race footage to pass the time.
Too bad the DVD doesn't just cut out all the exposition and plot and (yikes) the actors
Save your hate-mails, motorheads. I'm not knocking your favorite sport, just the amazingly brain-dead movie that it inspired.
Supercross has its charms for those who appreciate cinematic innocence, and as a love letter to its subject certainly registers as sincere.
Only the most devoted MX fetishists could like the film, because it doesn't offer a scrap of nourishment for the uninitiated.
A short and frantic cookie cutter of a sports movie that will please fans of the sport, but probably won't bring more to the fray.
I've made bologna sandwiches that inspired more enthusiasm.
Part advertisement for Clear Channel's Supercross broadcasts and part hellish miscalculation on the part of the producers.
When the first line of a movie is "My name is Trip Carlyle," you know you're in trouble. That sounds like a guy stuck in the '80s with a made up name.
A long infomercial.
More like flipping back and forth between ESPN and one of the less-demanding teen-centric TV networks than a movie.
Director Steve Boyum, a former motocross driver, hacks his racing footage to incomprehensible pieces and, from the looks of the meager, jumpy narrative, did the same to the script.
My suggestion is to wait for the DVD, so that you can just skip over all the parts that don't make sense, filling in the gaps with dramatic readings from Dirt Bike.
This is basically a commercial for the sport, and it's not a very good one at that.
The writing is abysmal, the acting wouldn't pass muster in a high school play, and the direction by erstwhile stuntman Steve Boyum (Timecop: The Berlin Decision) is positively sleep-inducing between cycle jumps.
Once the dust settles from the final, triumphant race, the memory of the protagonists' names has been whisked away at the speed of 50 mph.
"Motocross is our life." So begins the saga of the brothers Carlyle.
An example of how too much of anything will get annoying -- including VVRRRROOOOOOOMMM and flying bikes.
As impressive as the actual race footage is the plot and characters are so underdeveloped that director Steve Boyum is unable to create very much tension.
A lemon, running on empty from the starting line to the final flag.
This insipid motor sports drama is not only shockingly inept in terms of storytelling, it's also one of the cheapest looking movies in recent memory.
There's an old adage that if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything. Okay. Well...
Sputters in and spins its wheels in an idiotic waste of time.
...a spectacularly lousy effort even by the relatively forgiving genre rules of the sports movie.
Not since they finally stopped making Ninja Turtle movies has the word "gnarly" been uttered so many times in one film.
The themes about corporate greed and blood being thicker than money resonate, but that doesn't save the film from predictability and cliché.
Supercross is sort of on par with the 1998 colossal failure Rollerball. Both films are about fringe sports. But the Rollerball remake came with much larger expectations -- and frankly looks like a Orson Welles-ian masterpiece compared to Supercross.
It mostly focuses on promoting the movie's financier (media giant Clear Channel), spotlighting the hottie cast and delivering a story unworthy of a bad Wednesday-night teen drama.
Has a belittling effect on the entire sport of Motocross.
when I think of tough biker dudes, I think Aaron Carter! Sure, he stinks, but, thankfully, he didn't sing the movie's theme song
A poor man's Lords of Dogtown.
Supercross is like a porno where all the sex scenes have been replaced with motorcycle scenes.
When huge chunks of character development and narrative exposition are relegated to a track announcer's running commentary, it can never be a good sign.
Unless you're a 15-year-old boy who thinks motorcycle racing on dirt tracks is the 'next big thing,' you may ignore the release of Supercross.
The most amazing fact about Supercross is that it took three people to write it. Two chimpanzees with a typewriter could have done just as good a job.
The sport of Supercross serves as the backdrop for an excruciatingly earnest sports-themed action movie geared to speed-minded teens.
Supercross: The Movie is a full-throttle orgy of soaring bikes and revved-up engines, held together by a thin if capably acted story of sibling rivalry.
The movie's biggest drawback is a failure to deliver what's promised.
Director Steve Boyum's loud, down-and-dirty ride through the world of Supercross motorcycle racing comes to a screeching halt for its many pit stops for Hollywood clichés.
Supercross is completely random and goofy.
Instead of plot, Boyum treats us to some meaningless but incredible sights, like that of a motorcyclist and her vehicle doing a backward somersault in midair.
A film whose level of imagination can be discerned right from its title.
An inept hybrid of ESPN2 and a WB network teen melodrama.
And then came Supercross: The Movie, the long-anticipated filmic adaptation of Shakespeare's lost play...
Supercross is basically just a high-gloss delivery device for off-road racing scenes.
The plot is as thin as a worn tire, despite some glimpses of insight into motorcycle racing.
More like Supercross-promotion: The Movie.
Dumb as dirt, heavy on decibels and crazed with sales plugs, Supercross: The Movie is a clunker of a youth action fable.
A brand-encrusted infomercial.
Supercross racing may be an exciting spectator sport and even more rapturous for the participants, but none of that noisy exhilaration has made its way into Supercross.
In every sense, the movie feels like a pilot for a program that would follow The Mountain, that ski resort show on the WB.
A thoroughly laughable underdog-takes-the-gold saga...supercross this pathetic slice of hokum from your viewing list.
The "stars" with wheels get treated better than the ones with faces - more screen time, better lighting and makeup, a bigger entourage ... [even] better dialogue.
Super-crap: The Mess
It's decent, against all odds -- or it would have been, had the producers bothered to shell out for an actual filmmaker to take the helm.
Dude, I am bummed.
Most of the film is motorcycles flying through the air, which gets monotonous quickly. Clearly this film was made for the cinematography, not for explaining Supercross.
It's all one long, sustained, amateurishly directed blur, rendering Supercross the movie and the sport about as appealing as a slapfight.
If my Johnson Rod had ink it could craft a picture flipbook better than this.
It's got all the depth and insight of a video game, but it manages to stay out of the way of its minor pleasures by not trying to be more complicated than it needs to be.
Dumb as dirt.
A Clear Channel shill.
Supercross eats the dust of all things fast, furious and otherwise revved up.

@highlight

While it showcases some cool stunts, Supercross feels like an infomercial for its titular sport, with undeveloped characters and a shopworn plot.