The acting is impressively naturalistic -- Max Brebant is particularly good as the main boy -- and Hadzihalilovic imbues the film with a splendidly disquieting atmosphere, a deep sense of foreboding and some very strange sex scenes.
Hadihalilović maintains a dank, spectral mood, and she's admirably disciplined in her slow revelation of what amounts to a gynocentric nightmare.
Hadihalilovic's eerily controlled creep-out conveys a hybrid impression of unease, a sensory siren call in harmony with Kafkaesque nightmare states.
A film of a strong surreal and metaphorical tone, with nurses dressed in an old fashioned way experimentating on children in an operating room that resembles a morgue. [Full review in Spanish]
By all means wallow in its imagery; when it comes to meaning, however, most viewers surely won't be waving but drowning.
It's easy to imagine the 85-minute runtime being trimmed to 60, given the limited action and abundance of long, static takes, but then, Hadzihalilovic probably wants to give the dread time to soak in.
I'm almost positive I didn't grasp at least of half of what was going on, maybe more than that. But what is here, how it is explored, I can't get it a single second of it out of my head.
Evolution never quite gives up its secrets, and it's not a coincidence that the opening shots are deep underwater, since the picture submerges the viewer in its world and keeps them there.
"Evolution" is a work daring in its singular vision and refusal to compromise with viewers.
The character development and plot in "Evolution" are minimal, and its bold themes aren't fully explored, but as an exercise in creepy atmospherics, this is one of the most accomplished films of the year.
Hadzihalilovic's poetic bio-horror doesn't answer any questions, instead submerging us into her dreamlike, watery world as seen through her young protagonist's eyes.
Gorgeously unnerving.
Answers never come easy in Evolution, which is key to its appeal.
Evolution is undeniably beautiful, but it's a small-scale story which ignores a larger world that needs far more exploration.
The deliberately paced film maintains a frustrating emotional distance and leaves more questions than answers with regard to narrative intent.
Do not miss this film.
After only two features, Hadihalilović has proven decidedly adept at skeeving you out with painterly but menacing spaces, not to mention the upsetting proximity of guileless children to controlling grown-ups.
It's an impeccable, creepy and genuinely transporting movie.
The movie flirts with the outline of a coherent plot, but the answers to its dramatic questions have all sunk to the ocean floor in a plume of beatific marine footage and Cronenbergian body horror.
With Lucile Hadzihalilovic ("Innocence"), it's a treat being lost.
To watch Hadzihalilovic's films is to be reminded that life itself is a deeply perplexing mystery-that we're all born into rigidly stratified societies, laden with inexplicable rules and run by people whose minds we can't access.
This strange, austere sci-fi art film may engage viewers looking for something different, but for most, it will be a queasy, unsettling experience, requiring much patience for little reward.
The hermeticism of Evolution can also seem like a dead end, as Hadzihalilovic returns to the same voluptuously grotesque images and scenarios over and over again.
Lucile Hadihalilović's surreal movie Evolution will get under your skin and into your head if you give it a chance.
Unnerving, stunningly beautiful and representing an original and debate-provoking conversation about gender and reproductive control, Hadzihalilovic's Evolution is a gorgeous specimen of arthouse sci-fi.
The movie capitalizes on our natural impulse to supply sinister explanations for those things left deliberately vague onscreen, encouraging auds' imaginations to personalize according to their own worst-case scenarios.
A trippy visual feast that satisfies on an aesthetic level, if not always on a narrative one.
It'll stick with you, and Hadihalilovic is in total command of her evolution.
The world here - the dark volcanic sand, a tight little village of white houses - is as strangely but as satisfyingly organised as the dank tunnels and lush forest of [Hadzihalilovic's 2004 film] Innocence.
A provocative coming-of-age drama exploring adolescent fears of puberty, biology and human reproduction.
The women have the guileless pallor of Vermeer portraits, which, given the imagery that unfolds, makes them unbearably creepy to watch.
Lucile Hadihalilović's film is part sci-fi, part body-horror, part feminist revenge, but delivered with slow, measured lyricism so that the knowledge of what is happening, unsaid behind the scenes, creeps coldly down your spine.
Hadzihalilovic's aquatic fairy tale feels like the bastard son of Jacques Cousteau and David Cronenberg.
Intriguing and provocative.
Lucile Hadihalilović's Evolution swarms and ripples across the movie screen: a weird stingless jellyfish of a film.
Unique and challenging, with a foreboding nature similar to - but less intense than - Goodnight Mommy, it's definitely an evolution in the horror genre.
A nightmare that looks like a dream.
A beautiful enigmatic stone of a film, it is glowing entry in the sub- genre of fabulist science fiction.
This haunting and esoteric work manages to seduce and repulse in uncanny harmony.
In its dystopia which some viewers may consider a utopia, atmosphere and dread reign, too little is explained, and the coldness of story makes for aloof cinema.
The film interprets itself, offering an essay on rape and gender fluidity that locks us out of the cognitive process of digesting it.
The stunning wide shots of the rocky beach and stark village create an otherworldly isolation that magnifies the feeling that something very shady is at hand.
If you like your sci-fi cerebral and your mind blown - ahoy there, fans of Jonathan Glazer's similarly eerie Under the Skin... - then this nightmarish masterpiece will be the highlight of the entire festival programme.
A silly horror movie at heart, Lucile Hadihalilovic's Innocence follow-up seems to confuse "ideas" with "prolonged silences."
The film is haunting in its stillness and strangeness. The exact nature of what unfolds is best left to find out for yourself. But do you dare?
Fittingly uneasy... a queer science fiction body horror in the vein of Lovecraft and Cronenberg.
This is a film of two halves, the first - and best - has the cold creeping dread of icy sea water slowly soaking into your swimming costume ... but Hadzihalilovic's characters are too stubbornly ethereal for their own good.
A beguiling mix of art and horror, Evolution is a richly evocative, intensely physical experience, an eerie, darkly poetic meditation on the strangeness of organic existence.
Evolution is a stunning cinematic experience that is both beautiful and utterly engaging, and it will prompt further discussion and reward repeat viewing.
[I]ts bold surprises are pure mindscrambling sci-fi.
Evolution is deftly in command of its tone and I found the film scarier than the typically Blumhouse special, but the unclear metaphors and symbols are impossible to pin down.
By bridging an innocent theme like childhood with a presence full of disturbing connotations, "Evolution: attains a remarkably enchanting balance with cinema's tools. One that can never be seen, but only experienced in the purest sense of the word.
The hands-off atmosphere is perpetuated by an ongoing emphasis on cryptic elements...
A sustained visual tour-de-force that's the opposite of a popcorn movie.

@highlight

Creepy, provocative, and aesthetically absorbing, Evolution marks a satisfying step forward for director/co-writer Lucile Hadzihalilovic.