It's a compelling vision, but the movie never quite lives up to its own designs.
When The Zero Theorem wants to have fun, it succeeds, but when it tries to drop knowledge, it fails.
For a film about connections, Gilliam makes it too hard for his audience to connect.
While it doesn't match his previous masterpieces, it frequently manages to recapture the anti-authoritarian spirit and whirling dervish quality of his best work.
The ultimate irony of this film is that it revolves around the old thematic chestnut of pointless existence, yet ultimately finds little reason for its own.
Little of this has any dramatic interest; it's full of bits of sour whimsy.
Qohen and Bainsley are quirkily interesting though being little more than cyphers. And as in any Gilliam picture, there are some crazy flights of fancy, but this one is never grounded enough to come alive.
Produced quickly on a slight budget, 'The Zero Theorem' devolves into a dead end that asks that old question: Is that all there is?
Gilliam is reworking past preoccupations and the romance is pretty stale, but the mix of elements in this pop-eyed, Euro-corporate world keeps the film engaging. What also sustains The Zero Theorem is its lingering on solitude.
Waltz is compelling as always, yet it's unclear just what the filmmaker is trying to say, as his existential message gets lost in this uneven exercise in style over substance.
Creativity and chaos abound in Gilliam's Latest
To say that Gilliam has repeated himself is to say that John Ford made Westerns.
Gilliam's spellbinding vision is a chaotic, poverty-and-wealth mixture of retro, futuristic, comic book, James Bond and the original Total Recall [but] the film lacks an emotional tangent to pull in the mainstream.
Say this for Terry Gilliam: Even when he repeats himself, he's unique.
Facetious and fanciful, yet beneath its superficial complexity, it's just Steampunk eye-candy.
Crazy, colorful costumes and art direction plus some exciting special effects make a few scenes notable, but too much of the movie seems repetitive and ultra-confusing.
Gives one the sense that the ex-Monty Python-ite thinks he's at a filmmaker version of the Last Chance Saloon, manufacturing and recycling as fast as he can.
It is another flawed and meandering mini-masterpiece from a visionary filmmaker whose febrile and fertile imagination never met a narrative it can't mangle into incoherence.
It's bursting with Gilliam's trademark manic energy, but the focus and execution are so soft that that energy ends up derailing the film instead of invigorating it.
The culture's caught up to Gilliam. Everybody's doing Orwell now. But Gilliam's appropriation feels both aptly skeptical and unfashionably utopian.
There is something so generous and so full-hearted in this profusion that to complain seems churlish, but "The Zero Theorem" has a bothersome ratio of misses to hits.
The journey Gilliam takes us on is worthier than the destination, but let's hope he's merely musing over the direction we're heading in rather than predicting it.
It's a dense film, layered with ideas and themes, many that require pondering or perhaps a second viewing. Though it comes close in many ways to Gilliam's masterpiece Brazil (1985), ultimately it finds its own path.
This "Theorem" is all sizzle, zero steak.
With yet another captivating performance from Christoph Waltz that is undeniably heartbreaking at its core, The Zero Theorem is the perfect concoction of bizarre and extraordinary resulting in an idiosyncratic odyssey that is remarkably unique.
Every character in this movie remains stubbornly and elusively abstract. We know what everybody stands for, but we never really know them.
Gilliam has built up considerable goodwill over the years, and he's got a solid cast to show for it here, though most of them are barely recognizable. Waltz wears a bald cap.
For the most part, Gilliam's visual eye drowns out his actor's performances, and in this case the effect is marred by a distinct familiarity to his imagined world.
We've seen it all before from others and many times by Gilliam himself, and sadly his latest film The Zero Theorem is just more of the same, only it makes less sense.
Dense with existential quandaries to explore through repeat viewings, The Zero Theorem is as harrowing as it is tragic. It's one of Gilliam's best.
It's bonkers and brilliant, folding in pop culture icons with classical influences.
I'm not quite sure I have a handle on what Terry Gilliam is trying to say in "The Zero Theorem." I'm not sure he does, either.
I'm content to conclude that chaos and provocation are Gilliam's goals.
Quirky and compelling are two different things, and the visually vibrant -- but wildly unevern -- Zero Theorem seems to be going out of its way to prove that.
This isn't Gilliam reclaiming what's been lost throughout the years, but it's refreshing to encounter one of his features and not wish to be somewhere else enjoying the afternoon.
no amount of Gilliam's fisheye lenses, Dutch angles, or low-fi future tech can distract from the treadworn trivialities masked as philosophical insight.
It's more enriching to think about afterwards than in the moment - though it's still sometimes enriching in the moment too.
"The Zero Theorem" doesn't fully earn the elaborately conceived scaffolding on which its relatively tame ideas are hoisted. Cosmic existential despair feels too well-plumbed a cinematic subject to seem new or genuinely daring.
It doesn't appear that Gilliam has anything more to say about these themes that he didn't already get out there 30 years earlier with "Brazil."
Maybe "The Zero Theorem" doesn't add up to much on paper, but, particularly for Gilliam fans, it's infinitely watchable.
An intellectual exercise in which you're never given all the variables to solve the problem - and then you find your calculator was on acid the whole time anyway.
A noisy, hyperkinetic, visually gorgeous spectacle that tackles the mother of all big questions - the meaning of life - Terry Gilliam's latest is sometimes frustrating and occasionally outright goofy, but it's never dull.
If you're inclined to fall into Terry Gilliam's heady fantasias, this eye-catching entry won't disappoint. But the movie may leave a feeling of vague dissatisfaction.
The sort of Gilliam ideas that at one time were perceived as fanciful or witty are now the horror outside your front door or inside your computer monitor.
The Zero Theorem is at its best when it's slyly comedic, mixing clever visual gags with its mysterious plot. When it pushes things, the tone becomes unstable, and the philosophical content falls short.
This cartoonish sci-fi satire might be described as Terry Gilliam's Mr. Arkadin-a visually inspired but frequently confounding (and clearly underfinanced) reworking of longtime personal themes.
Gilliam loves cinematic chaos, and this is him at his most unhinged. The results are sometimes beautiful, always bewildering.
Director Terry Gilliam's nearly 20-year streak of bad movies remains unbroken with "The Zero Theorem," yet another project whose narrative gets swallowed by its design.
If only this imaginative environment were populated with a single compelling character or stimulating idea, rather than serving as busy distraction from the narrative tedium.
Shoestring Terry Gilliam is better than no Terry Gilliam at all... a buzzy, fuzzy-thinking world that doesn't ADD up until the luminous ending, which slowly, surely melts the narrative into a virtual-world sunset epiphany.
Too bad the story tucked around all that production design is such a futuristic drag.
More semi-coherent eye candy from Terry Gilliam. Lovely, opaque.
The Zero Theorem is very much a Terry Gilliam film: fantastical, kooky, occasionally sloppy, but with a big brain and a beating heart. And like most of his work, it won't appeal to all, but its unmistakable passion makes it well worth the while.
Waltz twitches nervously and holds his body in such a way that suggests he is literally trying to draw up inside himself, and despite the numerous obstacles to identification, he comes across as strangely sympathetic.
Terry Gilliam's listless and shallow futuristic fantasy lands like a pale evocation of his classic "Brazil."
Terry Gilliam's further slide down the stairs of filmic entropy is best summed up in an oft-repeated phrase by his latest film's hypochondriac protagonist Qohen Leth, "Q" for short. "We are dying."
Terry Gilliam has imposed a mix tape of his greatest hits, whose greatness was debatable to begin with, on a whiff of a story that might've flourished under the maxim "less is more."
Gilliam's penchant for overstimulation can numb your visual cortex, but Theorem is still the best thing he's pulled out of that bag in a while.
...wonders if we're headed toward a world in which efficiency is valued above all else - at the expense of relationships, art, even meaning.
Regardless of how Gilliam may have finessed the material, the finished film feels like a heavily edited Gilliam show-reel-not just like a director working in a signature style, but like a crazy-quilt sewn together from well-known fragments.
Gilliam can often do wonders with pseudo-philosophical nonsense, but this time his flair for the ridiculous can't overcome the flat, ponderous story.
Gilliam's latest, with a script by first-time screenwriter Pat Rushin, may in fact be about an insane man in a differently insane reality. This makes it a difficult story to grasp, but a wild ride if you can manage to hold on.
At once cluttered and cavernous, hysterical and static, romantic and cynical, The Zero Theorem works most effectively moment by moment and in the details.
As usual with Gilliam's films, the production is more delightful to behold than to parse.
Terry Gilliam created a surreal comic masterpiece with his 1985 film Brazil, but he fails to pull off the same feat with this similarly retro-futuristic dystopian tale.
Not one of Terry Gilliam's better films, but his misfires are still nothing if not interesting. Waltz is excellent.
Terry Gilliam descends into near self-parody with this mess of a would-be philosophical mind-frak about a mathematical formula for the meaning of life that has little to say.
The story he's [Terry Gilliam] telling is kind of muddled, drags on a lot of the time, and has an ending that fails to pull it all together. It's definitely something worth considering, but still; this is a theorem that doesn't quite add up.
Things happen, literally and philosophically, in [the film], but without much real conviction; there's an odd kind of lifelessness to the film, despite the energetic paraphernalia and potentially high stakes that Gilliam conjures up for us to contemplate.
The Zero Theorem is a Gilliam carnival riding the vortex into oblivion and it's weirdly enjoyable.
It's extraordinary and funny.
As bold and intriguing as it is cluttered and confused. In the end, it contains just enough interesting elements to justify the cost of a ticket.
As narratively alienating as Gilliam's most abstract efforts, and a fitting companion to recent someday-satires Cosmopolis and Holy Motors.
Gilliam is so busy shaping every visual element that his female lead has about as much depth as one of his clever props, like the musical pizza box or Tilda Swinton's online shrink.
Explodes on screen in a blaze of imagination with its thought-provoking concepts, perverse humour and uniquely zany visuals... It may not always make sense, but one thing is for sure - it's one hell of a ride
We are constantly kept at arms-length to watch another visually nauseating, gibberish riddled, Gilliam freak-show.
David Thewlis and teen newcomer Lucas Hedges provide sturdy lifeboats amid the eccentric flights of fancy.
Gilliam's spellbinding vision is a chaotic, poverty-and-wealth mixture of retro, futuristic, comic book, James Bond and the original Total Recall.
This is Gilliam karaoking his best tunes.
I'd rather see a director failing on their own terms than succeeding on someone else's, and while this doesn't quite find Gilliam flying, he is at least falling with style.
At least, the director's imagination remains as freeflowing and fervent as ever.
With Gilliam, ramshackle is all part of the appeal.
It's dystopia all over again, in an under-funded Terry Gilliam film stuffed with over-familiar ideas and trapped in a claustrophobic, ecclesiastical set.
Alas, Terry Gilliam, the legendary 73-year-old director of this zany slice of futurama, really does seem to be stuck in a rut.
I walked out feeling as though I'd just been told a 106-minute joke, with no punchline, by someone with a sense of humour far removed from my own.
With a lesser actor in the lead, The Zero Theorem would probably have you looking at your watch within the first half hour. With Christoph Waltz, you want to know what happens to his character.
... a typically vivid portrait of humanity and chaos which deserves your patience despite an uneven pace.
I found it difficult to get invested in -- even with the usually engaging Waltz in every scene.
There are a few funny ideas and striking images pinballing around in Terry Gilliam's new movie, which is a Phil-Spector-type wall of zane. But The Zero Theorem basically defeated me.
Long before the end, you want to kill all the characters on screen if only to resurrect them as normal human beings. Even that wouldn't take care of the wit-free script and fey excesses of phantasmagoria.
There's a confused mess of a plot which goes unresolved and lacks clarity in the extreme.
With strong echoes of Brazil and some nice ideas, The Zero Theorem is a return to at least mid-level form for Terry Gilliam, thanks to a witty script, some delightful production design work and superb performances from Christoph Waltz and Melanie Thierry.
Time enough for all of us to move on - but not, alas, Gilliam, whose personal projects often seem to fiddle obsessively with the same themes as his most successful movie.
It's the tangle of workings-out not the easy answer that are the proof of a theorem, and that magnificent, sparkling, insightful chaos abounds here.
The future as candy-coloured paranoid nightmare: not quite Gilliam's best, but still the most satisfying movie he's made for years.
Lively and imaginative, this raucous adventure-drama recaptures the ramshackle futurism of director Terry Gilliam's 1985 masterpiece Brazil, throwing a lonely guy into a series of events that get increasingly surreal.
It's a visual marvel: a low-fi, old school dystopia that nevertheless feels both contemporary and worryingly prescient.
A downbeat, pretty, befuddled mess.
a messy mélange of broad pratfalls, challenged idealism, dark satire, and expansive, indeed cosmic allegory - but it also cannot escape being seen as a kind of Brazil vers. 2.0
The Zero Theorem falls short of its promise: events don't raise the pulse or excite the mind and even the marvellous Waltz seems a little adrift.
Promete uma reflexão interessante sobre a natureza humana e consegue apenas criar uma historinha de amor previsível e rasa.
Gilliam appears to have become trapped in the loop of his own fantasy - although, as fantasies go, it is a good one, dark and despairing precisely because of its awareness that any hope is just part of the illusion.
Undoubtedly the director's latest fever-dream of style, Gilliam's The Zero Theorem never quite takes the time to get its substance together.
The Zero Theorem is an uneven endeavour that feels thematically outdated despite its futuristic setting.
full of Gilliam's stylistic hallmarks - layered realities, overbearing technology, institutional paranoia and of course, quirky romance - it feels like a personal journey into his beliefs, as it stares into the divide between reason and faith.
He has created a kind of visual, aural and intellectual trove of Gilliamiana.
The Zero Theorem is a spectacle that demands to be cherished - as long as the society Gilliam portrays is a satire, not a prophesy.
Something of a roller coaster and fairly bumpy, the ride is the problem here.
Gilliam's claustrophobic, maximal brand of futurism is so rigidly stuck in 1995 ... that The Zero Theorem plays practically as a period piece.
A lo-fi, future-tech farce with an air of high-end cyber panto.
Ends up dissolving into a muddle of unfunny jokes and half-baked ideas, all served up with that painful, herky-jerky Gilliam rhythm.
Most viewers will be either bemused or infuriated.
Raucous but fatally confused, openly pilfering its central themes from Gilliam's own 1985 masterpiece Brazil, but with no idea how to develop them.
This is certainly a better film than Gilliam's recent outings and for that alone we should rejoice.
A sagging bag of half-cooked ideas, a dystopian thriller with runaway dysentery, a film that wears its metaphorical trousers around its metaphorical ankles. In fits and starts, I quite enjoyed it.
It might not be a return to the form... but it's a lot better than what we've had from Gilliam in the last decade, and we sincerely hope there's plenty more to come.

@highlight

Fans of director Terry Gilliam's trademark visual aesthetic will find everything they've bargained for, but for the unconverted, The Zero Theorem may prove too muddled to enjoy.