The result is an overproduced movie that tries so strenuously hard to be "fun" that it's a chore to sit through. For all its razzle-dazzle production values, the story itself feels cluttered, hard to follow and hard to care about
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is the best summer movie of the summer. And, of course, you know it's rated "Aargh!"
An action-packed but too-long flick for kids 12+.
The kind of sensory bombardment that replicates less a Disney theme-park ride than an extended stay at a Guantánamo base cell
Feels like two movies: one good, one pretty pointless, neither of which is worth the hype.
Overblown to the point of monotony, the second installment in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise is a prime example of too much money and not enough story.
It's a pretty joyless ride, even with all the CGI wizardry a quarter of a billion bucks can buy.
[This sequel] takes what worked the first time and redoes it only bigger and louder - in the process losing all the charm that made the first film so much fun.
a good sequel
A patchy and overlong sequel but still full of humour and top-notch action.
This movie is the very definition of water torture.
As you'd expect from a sequel, everything that made the original interesting is amplified to within an inch of its life.
I had a ball watching the film as it careened from set piece to set piece, whether it be a chase scene, a sword fight or a battle on the seas.
Surpasses its predecessor in making entertainment out of nonsense.
Dead Man's Chest is simply something we've been missing most of this entire summer - a film that's truly alive.
No doubt will end up one of the most popular and successful sequels in cinema history, but like the small act that grows too big too soon, the initial enchantment has faded.
Just because you can do something does not mean you have to. Long and noisy is not enough.
Two and a half hours of cinematic slog.
Yes. Johnny Depp is again hilarious as Capt. Jack Sparrow. Yes. Keira Knightley is fetching in period duds. And, yes, Orlando Bloom is in fine swashbuckling form.
An empty vessel... bloated beyond all recognition, and [evidencing] absolutely no flow or consistency -- there's nary a human heartbeat here in its two-and-a-half-hour-plus running time.
In spite of its small shortcomings, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest deserves praise for being an old-fashioned popcorn movie that knows how to entertain.
Dead Man on arrival.
It's a bloated, unstructured, overly long conquest of style over substance. Yet it can't be faulted for its effort to give its fans a booty of eye-candy, dashing action sequences, and enough tongue-in-cheek humor to make even cynics smile.
Fantasía desbordante que saciará los apetitos visuales más exigentes.
I'd give a much stronger recommendation for going back and watching "Curse of the Black Pearl" again.
Ahoy, no ending off the port bow.
A complete let down after an amazing predecessor.
Still a lot of fun, has lots of action and adds some depth to the overall story, but it's also bloated and ends far too suddenly.
A rollicking ride that keeps the audience coming back for more.
Just think of Dead Man's Chest as a double feature without a break in the middle and hope that your theater seat is plenty comfortable.
It's all a bit much, yes, a bit exhausting, that's true, but then why on Earth would anyone expect otherwise?
Es el mejor ejemplo de lo que debe ser el cine de verano: Divertido, espectacular y entrañable al mismo tiempo. Junto con Superman Regresa, es de esos trabajos que nos recuerdan que el cine es, y debe seguir siendo, una fábrica de sueños.
Bereft of both joy and humor, it's dark and dank with unappealing cinematography and sets.
It's every bit as terrific as the inaugural film, occasionally surpassing it with mind-boggling, spectacularly choreographed action set pieces.
Apesar de claramente motivada por interesses financeiros, esta continuação é uma aventura deliciosamente divertida que faz jus ao original.
Yo Ho Hum
Pirates 2 is everything we prayed to God it wouldn't be: dull, humorless, long, languid, effects-driven, boorish, and yawn-inducing. Other than that it's excellent!
It seems like half a movie that is twice as long as a normal movie.
Verbinski's pacing of action appears to use every available take of cannons firing and pirates being thrown around deck, until any attempted tension is nullified by boredom.
This is strictly popcorn fare, only this time around the popcorn has grown a little stale.
Much more than the last film, this one returns to the franchise origins as an amusement park ride. This time this film is darker--both literally and figuratively.
The new plot has all the appeal of a seaweed sandwich, being dark, salty, and indigestible.
Usually, when it comes to movies, I prefer a less-is-more approach. But sometimes more really is more.
Bottles of rum are everywhere, but the ho-ho-hos are in short supply in Gore Verbinski's second voyage.
Lumpen direction, lousy writing and pouting performances aside, the worst thing about Dead Man's Chest is its interminable length.
The repetitive quests are cut short only by the cliffhanger non-ending...
...the pace is better, the action is not flooding the screen every two seconds, and characters seem more like evolved concepts rather than background distractions.
It doesn't have the freshness of the original ... but it's certainly better than it had any right to be.
Perhaps downing a bottle of rum while watching the movie would improve its story line.
'Pirates' is a rollicking good time ---
Depp is again the focal point of the film, filling every scene with wry humor and his accomplished sense of comic timing.
... Made me want to walk the plank, if only to escape Depp's soggy schtick and the sloppy storyline pirated from pirate lore.
There is more of everything in the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie: more spectacle; more exotic locales; more convoluted story contrivances.
It may not be surprising, but it's something as good or better, because it's right and it's what we want.
Almost the exact same review as the first: A lot of fun, but could use some trimming.
Johnny Depp's Jack Sparrow proves that an actor's awesome talent can make incredible special effects and funny action sequences pale in comparison.
In the first film, Depp had fun chewing on the scenery. In this one, the scenery swallows him up and eats him raw.
This time around, Captain Jack won't get you high tonight or take you to your special island.
Easily the best studio confection of the year... kicking ***, taking names, and reminding us all of the joy that going to a big summer movie is supposed to inspire in us.
Perhaps realizing that a 14-minute theme-park ride can provide only so much story fodder, returning director Gore Verbinski merely ramps everything to a higher level, right down to Depp's signature saunter.
a bladder-buster, but it's exciting enough that most audiences won't mind the over-stuffed running time.
What "Dead Man's Chest" lacks in originality compared to its predecessor is compensated for by sheer, masterfully executed excess.
'Arrr,' asked Davy Jones, 'Why would ye want to be searchin' fer a dead man's chest when Keira Knightly's be close at hand?'
Sitting through this for 151 minutes gave me a glimpse of what eternity might be like in hell.
It ought to sink from the weight of the cargo, but it's buoyed by another high-wire performance from Depp.
Jack's fondness for wrist bangles and hair doodads makes him infinitely more interesting than the action franchise in which he's packaged.
The best that can be said for this trilogy middler is that its waterlogged bad guys are an altogether better bunch of special effects than their ghostly predecessors.
This film is a true joy.
It sets out to do one thing: entertain. And entertain it does, quite well, actually, when it's not bogged down by an over-complex story with some serious pacing issues.
Depp is disappointing and reminiscent of the Roadrunner, dashing around until somebody actually or figuratively bops him on the head. Perhaps he's looking for a script.
I'll admit that the film is intermittently amusing, but it also reeks of the dreaded "bigger, louder, more" syndrome that has undone many a sequel.
Two hours into this 150-minute behemoth, the worst fears of most moviegoers are confirmed. It's essentially a teaser for the next Pirates flick.
This second film is pretty much all thrills, special effects and nonstop action -- but with virtually no cohesive or compelling story line.
I think I could have had more fun at Disneyland waiting on long lines with noisy uncontrollable tykes running all around me.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is a pirate movie worthy of its, uhhh, salt. Ahoy, mateys! Arrr.
It's mostly a moody thing, awash with dark and gruesome hues, possessed of a lost and aching spirit. Yay that!
Spending time with this motley crew is probably the best reason there is to set sail for a multiplex all summer.
takes all that was so charming about the first Pirates...and amps it up to the wattage of a Looney Tunes cartoon
[Depp's] a character audiences will follow anywhere -- even if it means plowing through the occasionally rough seas Dead Man's Chest navigates.
You can't beat on Dead Man's Chest on value-for-money terms, but it's like an all-you-can-eat buffet -- everything's tasty, the surfeit is sickening.
'Complications arose, ensued, were overcome,' Jack says at one point. Not entirely, but Dead Man's Chest is worth weighing anchor for, regardless.
In every other way -- as adventure yarn or as satire on that form or merely as an enjoyable entertainment featuring a wonderfully sly and subtle actor -- it is not merely a loser. It is a disaster.
Engaging and then wearisome, Dead Man's Chest piles on the action scenes while displaying a striking lack of imagination.
Shiver me timbers, director Gore Verbinski once again displays a remarkable talent for generating fresh and amusing adventures that are far better than we should expect when a movie gets its inspiration from an amusement park ride.
Depp is clearly having so much fun, it would be churlish not to join him.
As the pirates say... AAAARRRRGGGHH!
Climb aboard and have fun, by all means. But don't be surprised if you feel a little marooned when it's over.
Call me old-fashioned, but any movie that lasts two and one half hours should have an ending.
Despite its glossy look and masterful special effects, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is a bad movie. Fans deserve better.
Sailors' delight. But also take warning, the cliffhanger storyline could prompt you to walk the plank, if you're not patient enough to wait until 2007.
Director Gore Verbinski manages to pull all these story elements together and smoothly shifts gears as the story blends dark fantasy, goofy humor and melodrama (including a love triangle of sorts).
For the most part, Dead Man's Chest stands on its own and even makes a few halfhearted attempts to say something.
The second Pirates of the Caribbean movie is a sweet umbrella drink leaving no hangover, two hours and 20 minutes of escapism that once again makes the movies safe for guilt-free fun.
Like the first film, Dead Man's Chest is very much a showpiece for Johnny Depp.
Dead Man's Chest suffers from the sequel curse.
If I have to watch one more pirate shriek in horror at a giant yet imaginary tentacle waving in his face, I'll drive a fork into my wooden leg.
More fun than the cantina scene from Star Wars, Davy Jones and his barnacle-encrusted crew alone make this a must see!
I'll reserve judgment on the entire series until the release of At World's End next year, but for now, Dead Man's Chest is a step backwards.
At more than two-and-a-half hours, this second installment veers toward overkill
The filmmakers have done a wonderful thing here. They've expanded the story in vastly entertaining ways, conjuring up sights we've never seen onscreen before, and they've clearly had a lot of fun doing so.
The movie is non-stop fun even though it's got an unfinished feel to it (so stay tuned for part 3).
Boasts the summer's best effect so far
An overstuffed and immensely tedious comedy that sinks early in its voyage.
It's as if seven Vice Presidents of Production sat in a boardroom for three days straight, without food or water, and finally their collective genius, poring over reams of test screening data, resoundingly declared with one voice, "WE NEED MORE RUM JOKES
...suffers from a sort of middle child syndrome.
Takes the slapstick swashbuckling to a completely new level, evoking the ingenuity of a Buster Keaton or Jackie Chan set piece, crossed with the Rube Goldberg logic of a Chuck Jones cartoon.
You might well need a bottle of rum to get through that two-and-a-half hour running time.
A blockbuster worth watching for the flair with which the cast plunge into the action.
Shorter title, more supernatural and swashbuckling fun.
This is one of those films that you absolutely must experience in the theater, as it is just that much fun.
They really stepped up their game for this one.
More of the same, and more of it...at a bladder-challenging 145 minutes, it's packed to the gills, but never feels rushed or lazy. Lazy? No way. These people are working HARD.
It gives the audience what it wants, but this time the attitude feels deflated, and the end product lacks a good sense of rum-drunk playfulness.
We get far too little of Depp and far too much of the sober, stagnant Orlando Bloom.
It feels like they are making it up as they go along.
As brisk, busy and inconsequential as you would expect from a film based on a Disneyland ride...
What's most surprising about this sequel ... is how much more serious it feels.
...an unpleasant, distinctly overlong piece of dreck that's certainly a strong contender for worst movie of the year.
a riotous, action packed last half hour ... with plot twists that will shock you and change the Pirates world forever!
The cliffhanger ending provides some hope that the imminent third film will restore some of what is missing from this one.
The pace is grueling...as the many sword fighting sequences clang on and on. Even battling gigantic tentacles becomes a yawner after the 45th pirate is squeezed.
Calling a summer movie 'action-packed' is supposed to be a compliment, but there's nothing so tedious as nonstop excitement.
The filmmakers stuck that mushy stuff on the back burner in favor of more cool things to keep your inner eight-year-old jumping up and down in your seat. Yo ho ho!
It's often unclear what's going on, beyond a zillion dollars of splashy effects washing over the screen.
All of it evidently based on another notion, that great length equals great importance.
Yo ho-hum.
fathoms in front of its predecessor
A flawless entertainment offering, one as breathtaking as its predecessor... The Pirates franchise is about as much fun as you can possibly have at the movies.
Yes, it's too long, but it is still steadfast popcorn summer entertainment.
That's how these movies make me feel: a little dazzled and amused, but not in any kind of special or memorable way.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is the worst kind of sequel -- the kind that exists only to give you more-more-more of what you liked the first time around, without ever justifying its own existence.
Although there are memorable bits and pieces, the new Pirates of the Caribbean is a movie with no particular interest in coherence, economy or feeling.
It's a franchise movie -- a product -- that is pretending to be a lot hipper than it is.
By the time it's all over, POTC2 has delivered more toe-tappin' eye-candy than the last three summer movies combined. (So get Kraken!)
A perfect popcorn pleasure, one of the most sensationally entertaining movies of the year.
As if to mock the film's all-trappings, no-sense agenda, Depp's Sparrow gets off the film's sole sign of verbal wit: 'Look! An undead monkey!'
A bustling sequel that outperforms its predecessor as a special-effects extravaganza but one that can't match the feeling of discovery that came with the original.
The sequel, rather than attempting to contravene expectations, actually trades on them.
Mr. Verbinski is an extremely skilled traffic director.
Probably nothing can stop Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest from hitting big. There is also nothing to stop most viewers from feeling fleeced and fatigued.
Without a beating heart at its center, this Chest feels empty indeed.
"Dead Man's Chest," is a swashbuckling good time, though it's somewhat bloated and overlong. Considering the endearing cast, and the exceptional effects, however, these shortcomings are easily forgiven in favour of some truly exciting viewing.
[T]he charming cast carries us through the first awkward act until, suddenly, at around the 45-minute mark, everything suddenly snaps into focus, and by God, it becomes The Empire Strikes Back.
Dead Man's Chest is best summed up by the scene where Sparrow and Will battle each other atop a runaway water wheel. Like the characters, this movie is just running in circles.
Too long, and too wrapped up in its various plot contrivances to notice it's veering off course. But Jack just about pulls the wheel back, aided by Verbinski's flair for cartoonish comedy action.
It gives fans what they want - then more of what they want, and more, and more, until gluttony becomes force-feeding.
A century after Charlie Chaplin triumphed as The Little Tramp, Johnny Depp galavants across the same general territory with his own variation, The Little Scamp.
The loaded-to-the-gills carnival ride, the second in what's shaping up to be a wildly successful trilogy, is almost as good as the first voyage.
A grand-scale train wreck.
Yes, it's brightly colored carnival fun. But this ride, in the end, only goes round and round and round. Which is ultimately more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho.
It's like an amusement park excursion where the entry fee is so high you feel compelled to stay until you get a stomachache to get your money's worth.
When the scenes work and cook, they're the essence of summer moviemaking. They shiver your timbers and make you feel like a kid.
It's too long, unnecessarily complicated and often silly, but Gore Verbinski's Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is still the purest popcorn entertainment of the summer.
The director, Gore Verbinski, has grown more adept at Spielberg-style action, in which the fun is as much in the elegance of the staging as the stunts.
This chest is overfilled with exposition and physical comedy, without a doubloon's worth of the scary suspense that made the laughs in the first one such brilliant comic relief.
Rum, monotony and the lash.
When you find out at the end that what you've just seen is merely the overture to yet another sequel, you can't help wondering what more can be extracted from this franchise. Gold, me hearties, more gold!
At two hours and 30 minutes, the story has its repetitive and wearisome passages, and the plot emerges only to bog things down, but for most of its length it positively dances with gusto.
Here's the movie to put the giddy back in the giddy-ap of summer.
The Curse of the Black Pearl, this second installment in the promised trilogy (Parts 2 & 3 were shot concurrently) lacks the swash and buckle of the original. And then some.
This is the most satisfying big-screen excuse for overpriced popcorn so far this summer.
I was worn down by the excess.
In essence, Dead Man's Chest gives us an opportunity to join old friends on a new adventure that isn't substantially different from the old one.
It's the triumphant rogue in Depp that keeps this pirate ship afloat and actually makes the third voyage (coming next summer) a trip worth booking.
It's an amalgam of many of the modern cinema's worst tendencies and modern filmmaking's most unfortunate misconceptions. The film has an epic scale without an epic story, epic characters, epic ideas or epic emotions.
This installment in the trilogy feels more like filler between the first and the last episodes, and with no obvious story to tell, it remains mired in the horse latitudes of whimsy.
A goofball riff on the pirate-movie genre, this sequel is as insubstantial as popcorn -- and as delicious.
The movie is lopsided, sloppy, too long and absolutely irresistible.
Dead Man's Chest has every appearance of an epic adventure, but not the soul of one.
Just when things look dire in Dead Man's Chest, Depp makes like Harry Houdini and gets himself -- and the movie -- out of trouble.
It does deliver a combustible combination of ingredients for a summer blockbuster: a cornucopia of action and dazzling effects, some raucous humor and a large dose of Depp's winning charm.
This Disney movie isn't a follow-up to the first Pirates of the Caribbean so much as its empty-calorie clone.
The dreaded curse of the sequels hits home with a vengeance in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, a noisy and lazy stopgap movie that goes absolutely nowhere and takes 2 1/2 hours to get there.
Even more cartoonish than the original film from 2003 -- a difficult feat to achieve -- this second installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, often feels like a live-action version of a Road Runner-Wile E. Coyote extravaganza.
The problem isn't that Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is only half a movie, it's that it feels like one -- an elaborate tease that's effectively a feature-length coming attraction for Pirates III.
There was a chance that Depp's oddball act would grow tiresome the second time around but the movie wisely uses him in deliberate dollops. He's the comic-relief clown as de facto star.
While it's certainly going to be a hit, there is still no avoiding the fact that this voyage of the Black Pearl is dead in the water.
In a year when blockbusters have proven disappointing at best, disposable and joyless at worst ... Dead Man's Chest arrives like an emergency delivery of fun.
The whole thing just sits there on the screen, trying to win us over with relentlessness and ending up dangerously close to boring.
The first of two sequels shot in immediate succession, Dead Man's Chest bears the unenviable burden of racking the pins for both movies, which leaves it with precious few opportunities to have a little fun of its own.
It has its moments, [but] don't confuse this mess with good filmmaking, even by the admittedly low standards set for the summer blockbuster.
Bloom and Knightley act as if they are going through the motions, ... and even Depp's devil-may-care portrayal of Captain Jack has a calculated quality.
Taking Dead Man's Chest for what it is, half a movie, this is a rollicking half a movie that restores glory to the phrase 'production values.'
When it comes to sequel-making, Verbinski is a follower of the 'bigger, louder, longer' school of thought... Whether or not viewers will head home feeling entirely satisfied is another question.
Devilishly extravagant, joyfully escapist, fun-filled, buccaneer thrill ride
A classic "middle" film that delivers as much excitement and ingenuity you could hope for to outclass hundreds of summer popcorn fare.
So gather ye a ration and a bottle of rum - or a soda and popcorn, if that be more convenient - and drop anchor with this summer treasure. Aye-aye!
Not quite as good as the first film, but it pulls it all together for a thoroughly enjoyable final act.
A coulda-been classic ends up feeling variously like a particularly undisciplined director's cut and (shudder!) a Jerry Bruckheimer picture.
As the film heaves from one muddily motivated set-piece to the next, McGuffins accruing like barnacles all the while (the sketch! the key! the papers! the chest! the heart!), it takes on the sinking feeling of a vessel adrift, sending out flares.
Good things to look at. Not much else, but do you care?
Slapstick pirates. What happened to gay Jack Sparrow? Depp sells out his most famous character.
Cries of 'Yo ho yo ho' could be replaced with calls for someone to walk the plank after the experience of sitting through this mind-numbing sequel.
The effects-driven action scenes alone make Dead Man's Chest worth the price of admission. But in other respects, this one too often rings hollow.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is even more of a party-hearty-Marty potlatch of silliness than its predecessor.
This production is a vast, expensive, sprawling affair that never feels out of control thanks to Verbinski's assured direction.
This sequel is appropriately named, because that's what you'll be staring at for nearly half the movie: dead men's chests.
Yes indeed, Pirates 2.0 is a theme ride, if by ride you mean a hellish contraption into which a ticket holder is strapped, overstimulated but unsatisfied, and unable to disengage until the operator releases the restraining harness.
The problem with the Pirates films, and with this one more than the first, is that there's not a genuine moment in them -- no point of human contact...they're baldly concocted, confected, engineered.
Like Jack's heart, Dead Man's Chest is unsure of what it wants, so it takes the omnivorous approach, and all of the story lines suffer for it.
...the fool thing just keeps going and going... and going. (Does a Pirates sequel really need to be five minutes longer than GoodFellas?) The flick should've felt like a sugary snack, not a hot-dog eating contest.
Perhaps the magic is gone because Dead Man's Chest sacrifices the unpredictability of the ever-versatile Depp, who never before has done the same thing twice.
...the ultimate summer action-adventure creature-feature...
Watching Depp in The Black Pearl was like discovering a new acting continent. Watching him here is like returning to a warm, familiar place - nice and all, not exciting
More swordplay, more swashbuckling, more Jack Sparrow. What's not to love?
Great action, more Sparrow... Every bit as entertaining and fun as the original.
A complicated plot involving a mysterious key and Will's seafood-wearing dad fights for space between relentless action sequences in a film so overloaded that it threatens to capsize.
PotC:DMC is a smorgasbord of frolicking fun, and a visual cornucopia to behold.
Captain Jack is back and in rare form in this swashbuckling, booty-licious Pirates sequel which more than equals its predecessor.
Whilst some pacing issues and a slightly less flippant Depp stop the film from achieving the heights of its predecessor, 'Chest' is still easily the best film of the Summer
Not as good as the first...but with enough hilarious Captain Jack moments and exciting action scenes to appease the fans.
[P]acks as many thrills and as much fun into thirty minutes as any of the Indiana Jones films did into their entire running times.
Dead Man's Chest goes to some very scary places... and few of them are marked on Uncle Walt's brightly colored map.
Twice as overstuffed with effects as its predecessor but less than half as entertaining...a sequel so dispiriting it almost makes one ashamed to have liked the first movie.
Though not as fresh or funny as the 2003 original, this sequel is occasionally playful, but seldom inventive or witty.
Though the film tries hard, it feels like it's trying hard.
Even for a sequel, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest takes the practice of double-dipping to extreme depths.
Pirates of the Caribbean returns to theaters for more summer swashbuckling, only they may have forgotten to buckle their swash.
Yes, there's a massive cliffhanger of an ending. And yes, it leaves us gagging for more.
Every imaginable pirate fantasy is joyously bundled into a bewitching treasure chest in this action-adventure sequel.
like a slow boat to China, it takes a very long time to get where it is going and not every moment is thrill-packed, but it's not without some very nice points of interest that make the effort worthwhile
As much as we might want to fall madly in love with this adventure, the disappointment is that it makes its pirates' lives seem just that little less attractive.

@highlight

Gone is Depp's unpredictability and much of the humor and originality of the first movie.