Digging for Fire has an absolutely loaded cast full of recognizable names, but does nothing with them;
The actors are fine, but the end result feels undercooked, largely because of all the detours and subplots. It's like a miniseries writ small.
The size of that ensemble and Swanberg's particular way of sorta hazily drifting from one half-overheard conversation to the next gives the picture a Robert Altman vibe that's never really been present in his work before.
Strong performances drive thoughtful, mature marital drama.
The movie has been dedicated to Paul Mazursky, the great radiologist of American social interplay who died last year. But Swanberg is still murmuring where Mazursky could speechify, gesticulate, and shout, sometimes in the same sequence.
May not say anything revelatory, but the realization it imparts is no less valuable for it.
The looseness turns into haphazardness, and while the picture digs around a lot, it never really catches fire.
It's a killer when 90 percent of your film consists of dozens of actors spouting reams of improvised dialogue that quickly fades into a din.
The large, talented cast is clearly thriving in the freewheeling style.
Given all the sexed-up tension and enigmatic buzz of a murder mystery, Digging for Fire doesn't ever really get dirty enough.
It's peak mumblecore with some big stars getting in on the action. And it's completely empty.
A funny, insightful piece of work.
Conversations drift and weave, as do the people having them. Narcissistic melancholy dukes it out with beer-and-pot-stoked merriment. There is longing. There is foolhardiness.
While you're watching it, "Digging for Fire" may feel slight or tentative, but its cumulative impact is entrancing. Few films about a marital rift make so much of what seems so little.
While it has its charms, Swanberg is tilling soil here that has been churned since humanity began, and he doesn't come up with very much that's new.
Familiar faces are only a small part of the pleasures found in this odd picture, which enjoys the art of exploration, achieving genuine dramatic surprises in a fresh, inviting manner.
Digging for Fire fails its title's own promise: It has the capacity for startling insight and artistry, but mostly it's just a toe listlessly pushing dirt around.
"Digging for Fire" is a pleasant escape - an attractively shot, gracefully edited and, finally, emotionally satisfying mystery about the nature of marriage itself.
Unfortunately, for as much dialogue as "Digging for Fire" has, the film doesn't go into much depth about Tim and Lee's true feelings about marriage and their lives.
A phalanx of indie-film actors coalesce for an easily digestible but not very filling story about a thirtysomething Los Angeles couple separated for the weekend.
What Digging for Fire really has going for it is a solidly Swanbergian, unpretentious story. The scenes seem observed, not overwrought, and when you sense them adding up, it's not to some archly climactic epiphany.
Conversations ramble on, ideas are tossed around, and the movie keeps hammering home its metaphor, which is that couples should avoid digging too deeply into scary holes. It's all very whatever, and that isn't enough.
For better or for worse, the pacing mirrors actual conversations by sacrificing brevity for the philosophical build up.
A happy couple's submerged tensions come to the surface in Joe Swanberg's tender, wildly imaginative comic drama.
In classic Joe Swanberg form, it makes an art out of extracting significance from small, fleeting moments.
With all the pretty, vapid Los Angeles navel-gazers lounging by swimming pools and engaging in pointless (and seemingly endless) conversations, the results feel like a sub-par Henry Jaglom movie, conceived on the quick after a location became available.
Digging For Fire feels a bit more rushed than Joe Swanberg's previous efforts, but it's still a wholly entertaining dissection of one of life's many crossroads.
Joe Swanberg apparently hasn't stopped mumbling yet.
The story may be slight, but the emotional impact of this mostly improvised drama is much deeper.
It is not important that a film contain likable characters -- far from it. But when the filmmakers behind the camera seem to like those characters, or be too forgiving for their faults, this is what you get.
...the results are a bag of mixed satisfaction.
The boy wants to dig for mystery! The girl wants him to stay home and do taxes! No amount of thoughtful dialogue is going to redeem that setup.
"Digging for Fire" wants to talk about serious topics and it wants to do so in a humorous light-hearted way. It succeeds.
What should be a knotty and specific airing of grievances becomes a simple, painfully simple, lesson on why you definitely should not stray from marriage.
The film has an appealing honesty and an enjoyably low-key comic style.
A poignant drama about marital love where husband and wife go their separate ways to confront their gods and demons.
Equal parts film noir, relationship drama, dark comedy and mood piece, Digging for Fire is a movie made by someone who clearly loves the art of movies.
[Digging for Fire] isn't devoid of observations; it's just that those observations are banal.
The look, the sounds, the cast -- everything is bigger and better. The optics are there. The narrative is ready to be fulfilled. And so why does Fire feel like it all fizzles out at the end?
There's a lot under the surface in director Joe Swanberg's "Digging for Fire." The lived-in atmosphere makes the mood right to bring up emotions that the characters - or the audience - may not see coming.
Quickly becomes a movie in which a lot of people you don't care about chatter away without saying anything.
One of these days, I hope I respond to a Joe Swanberg movie the way some do.
Mostly, the film seems like an excuse for Swanberg to provide every actor he knows with a meaningless bit part ...
When several of the year's movies have disappeared from my memory altogether, Digging for Fire is one I'll still want to think about.
Swanberg's scenes from a marriage goes to the tantalizing edge of revelation and leaves us there to filter what we saw through the prism of our own strengths and weaknesses. I'd call that the mark of a true filmmaker.
Per Swanberg's signature style, the dialogue is largely improvised, the performances loose and funny. This may be his most star-studded cast yet, but the work is as intimate ("mumblecore" is so passé) as ever.
A perceptive, if sometimes heavy-handed, drama about love and marriage.
I like where Swanberg came from. I like where he's going even more.
Digging for Fire affably drifts by, bolstered by some strong set pieces.
It's thoughtful, natural and often very funny and relatable.
More lightweight than its ample talk of weighty subjects suggests, the film is nevertheless enjoyable and may reach Swanberg's widest audience yet.
None of [Swanberg's] films have been as symbolically meaningful or emotionally mature as this one.
Reminiscent of Woody Allen's great, under-sung Manhattan Murder Mystery, it utilizes a pulp conceit as a shorthand for the regrets that bubble up in a marriage.
What starts off as a promising indie about a couple (Jake Johnson and Rosemarie DeWitt) trying to balance their own needs versus their partner's quickly goes south in director Joe Swanberg's latest meditation on aging-hipster malaise.
Excruciating
Joe Swanberg keeps getting better and better.
It's not Sundance without Joe Swanberg, and this is one of his best.
Some have complained that nothing really happens in "Digging for Fire," and there are no obvious stakes. Well, yeah. But just like that hill full of bones, it's what's going on under the surface that matters.
Marriage is hard, parenting is impossible, and life will always invite mystery. Swanberg and Johnson know this first hand and it's that knowledge that empowers Digging for Fire.
The Seinfeld of this year's Sundance, basically a movie with a lot of talking about nothing.
"Digging For Fire" suggests while all relationships might have some secrets buried in the yard, some are better left unresolved.
Joe Swanberg's starriest picture is a lovely slice of everything and nothing disguised as a murder mystery.
A modest but probing character piece that's rich in the secret language that all long-term couples speak.

@highlight

Digging for Fire finds director/co-writer Joe Swanberg working from a familiar palette, but in ways that suggest he's taking new and exciting strides as a filmmaker.