Its importance is that it uncomfortably relates the causes of political involvement (that cliché again) and the cost of such involvement...
... heightened, exaggerated, distorted, the world reimagined by the filmmakers as something familiar yet not. It is magnificent ...
The one and only quintessential all-time masterpiece that trades, extensively, on its ideal viewer's knowledge of the history of 20th Century interior design.
It's a superb performance by Trintignant, whose presence is the film is physically passive even as he tries to play the confident, intellectual leader of men.
It's yesteryear remembered with a combination of nostalgia and repulsion, a queasy combination that defines the film and gives it a kind of hideous allure.
Visual splendor reigns supreme in Bertolucci's dazzling historical dreamscape
The unsettling blend of images and ideas in this movie cannot satisfactorily be disentangled or decoded, and it's the very strangeness of Bertolucci's masterpiece that has made it so influential in cinema history.
Bertolucci's boldest and most expressive film ...
Few films really deserve the term 'masterpiece,' but this one does.
Photographed by Vittorio Storraro, it's a mélange of the sensual haziness of '70s European art-house fair and the high-contrast, anxious angles of film noir
The Conformist is celebrated for cinematographer Vittorio Storaro's tumbling autumn leaves, but its emotional impact involves a tumbling soul.
The art house meets Hollywood neo-noir in Bernardo Bertolucci's The Conformist, a film that isn't recognized enough as the masterpiece that it is.
"The Conformist" is Bernardo Bertolucci's immaculate work of cinematic art about the conflicted mindset of a man who carries out Mussolini's fascist ideology.
Talvez o melhor filme de Bertolucci, esta obra-prima magnificamente fotografada por Storaro é tão formidável em sua construção estética e narrativa que cada praticamente todo plano se presta a análises longas e profundas.
One of the finest sex-and-politics thrillers ever made, blending sharp humour with riveting suspense.
All hail the revival of one of Bernardo Bertolucci's best films.
A beautifully imagined portrait of moral and political cowardice.
Bertolucci's film has the compelling quality of a bad dream.
One of the most referenced and extraordinary films in cinema history.
The Conformist isn't just a triumph, it's one of the greatest movies ever made.
Probing, unsettling and visually compelling, The Conformist treats its audience as adults, never opting for easy closure.
A powerful story well acted by a fine cast, it doesn't have the moral outcome you might imagine. An absorbing drama with a different, albeit downbeat, twist to it.
A visual masterpiece thanks to Storaro's keen eye and Bertolucci's assured direction.
Ravishing to the eye but less than fully satisfying to the mind.
Bertolucci never made another film that even came close to The Conformist
The movie is pure magic as story, as drama, as photography, as conviction, as everything except its ideas.
Bertolucci's masterpiece was controversial due to its psycho-sexual approach to the fascist protag and to history, but the film's spectacular visuals and sensual texture, were recognized by all crirics.
The headier aspects and New Wave stylings do make it worthwhile.
[Bertolucci's] application of stunning cinematic beauty to an ugly character study could be cited as proof that filmmakers do their best work when they're young.
Bertolucci's reckless, youthful skill (he was 29) and Storaro's ravishing photography hold it together.
Juggling past and present with the same bravura flourish as Welles in Citizen Kane, Bertolucci conjures a dazzling historical and personal perspective.
The exquisite reverie of a death dance (political and sexual), filmed by a wizard of barely sublimated eros.
One of the all-time greats, with a flabbergastingly deep mastery of time and space.
The film still holds an overwhelming power to startle and grip. If that's not a measure of a classic, I don't know what is.
... seems every bit the masterpiece it was when first released by Paramount.
A great film, drunkenly beautiful and deeply disturbing.
...remains his most intriguing -- probably his best -- film.
As striking as Bertolucci's classic looks, there's even more powerful stuff in the storytelling.
Trintignant gives a mesmerizing performance as someone wrestling with his inner demons.
Trintignant gives a legendary performance.
An eye-watering testimony to the erstwhile dash of international cinema.
One of Bertolucci's best films, The Conformist makes a provocative connection between repressed sexual desires and fascist politics.
There are excesses in the film, but they are balanced by scenes of such unusual beauty and vitality that I couldn't care less.
[A] beautiful, complex, massively layered adaptation of the Alberto Moravia novel.
This film nevertheless touches some issues that seem universal even today.
Storaro and Bertolucci have fashioned a visual masterpiece in The Conformist, with some of the best use of light and shadow ever in a motion picture.
The brilliant mix of ideas, the audacity and originality of approach, the sensualist delight in the ravishing play of light and shadow -- all these remain, as bracing and inspirational as ever.
More like a symphonic poem than a movie. Your breath is taken away by its baroque compositions.




@highlight

A commentary on fascism and beauty alike, Bernardo Bertolucci's The Conformist is acclaimed for its sumptuous visuals and extravagant, artful cinematography.