offers a bleak vision of the Fifties, where an outbreak of passion or an artistic impulse would be quickly subjected, like any other madness, to containment.
A little like Jack the Ripper in outer space.
Despite a superb cast, artful set design and seductive cinematography, Asylum remains a lovingly lensed missed opportunity.
Asylum had promise. But it's bad enough to make one wonder just who had the loose screws -- the characters, or the people who filmed them?
Patrick McGrath's screenplay, based on his novel, has moments big and small, delivered in appropriate dollops of awfulness.
It's a movie you fall for or you don't, and like Stella, I am not ashamed I did.
There is nothing to Stella's character -- or any of these characters, for that matter -- that you can relate to.
So obsessed with rendering Patrick McGrath's exquisitely twisted Gothic novel as a refined affair that it forgets less ambitious pursuits, like sussing out a way to keep us awake.
Based on Pat McCabe's moody novel, Asylum has an over-the-top feverishness that suits its premise.
Once characters' actions lose credibility, it's hard to empathize with them, no matter how well the roles are played.
...oh, look at all the crazy people.
Marton Csokas ... comes across as a hybrid of Russell Crowe and Clive Owen in full-on brooding mode and has a genuine chemistry with Richardson that goes some way to explaining why she stays with him as a long as she does.
The film wryly wonders whether the lunatics have taken over not just the asylum but the entire world as well.
A troubling psychological drama about illicit passion leading to tragedy.
It's a lost cause.
In Asylum, the first time Richardson and Csokas give into their longings I almost wanted to laugh, the whole scenario so insipidly silly I almost couldn't believe Mackenzie filmed it.
The film manages to turn potentially interesting characters into caricatures and potentially heady material into soap-opera melodrama.
A sort of perverse update of an overwrought Barbara Stanwyck-Bette Davis melodrama...
The film, with its uniformly terrific cast, stern Gothic overtones and steady but measured pacing, is a crisp, old-fashioned delight, eschewing cheap tricks for repeated tiny pricks of unease that work up to a continuous gnawing dread.
The film's great strength is a cast of supporting players who steal scene after scene from their leading lady.
... one of those terribly restrained psychological dramas that simply drips with prestige -- but too often trips over its own pretensions.
Richardson's no-holds-barred performance captures Stella's rekindled passion and despair when things go to hell. Alas, the story goes to hell with her.
'Asylum' is a film that enthralls and entertains while at the same time raising the hairs on the back of your neck.
The film is basically a string of repetitive ruts.
Asylum is all very formal, detached, and, regrettably, sane.
populated by manipulative and unrelatable crazy characters that plod through improbable scenarios to an inevitable nihilistic denouement
A gothic fairytale.
A paint-by-numbers melodrama that may have been written in someone's sleep....*yawn!*
A spellbinding portrait of sexual enslavement and manipulation.
For a story about infatuation, sex and violence, the film is almost strikingly dull.
In the end, Asylum, like its wretched lovers, suffers from its unrelieving passion.
A completely unbelievable melodrama and bodice ripper ... its fine cast just barely prevents it from being laughably ridiculous and completely unwatchable.
As Stella recedes before this deluge of objectification, Richardson digs into Stella's many moods and miscues with something like relish.
There's nothing remotely seething -- or sympathetic or provocative -- about this overstuffed movie, which bears the unmistakable signs of a film too in love with its own fetishistic production values.
A competent exercise in atmospheric bosom-heaving, if not plausible storytelling.
Richardson commands every scene she's in.
The movie, short as it is, feels trumped-up, overblown, and ultimately silly.
The morbid interiority of McGrath's novel has been turned into distressed gloss, and while it's awfully nice to look at, it never once comes close to the dangerous emotions of the real thing.
Richardson is the reason to see Asylum. A lot of what happens doesn't really make sense, yet her intensity hooks us.
Like a romance novel brought to life - high melodrama and deep emotions and a couple who want to be together, but something stands in their way.
A chilling study in obsession aided by moody atmospherics and a solid cast.
Asylum is a semi-watchable, lurid melodrama. But it could have been a dynamic, probing psycho-drama.
Richardson, who also executive produced, is a heartbreaking, strong Stella, failed by being born in the wrong era -- and by the wrong men.
I know it's all about erotic obsession, not logic. Still, it's just so darn annoying to watch this attractive, seemingly smart woman throw her life away for some (admittedly rather hot) sex in the greenhouse.
The makers of Asylum pretend they're making an art movie, and although the film has the trappings, the story is mostly Hollywood.
An overwrought Gothic melodrama that has a nice first act before it descends into shameless absurdity.
Mad passion and marital ennui collide with calamitous results in Asylum.
Even at its most melodramatic, Asylum plays as if someone had slipped a pair of restraining devices on the material and then yelled 'action.'
While the film looks authentic in every insignificant detail, it never seems remotely real from an emotional standpoint.
Although wonderfully acted and often compelling on a scene-to-scene basis, it can't quite distinguish itself from the large shadow of its impressively dank environment.
...a load of gothic, bodice-ripping claptrap...goes overboard indulging its romantic excesses
turgid, trite, and painfully puffed-up with its completely delusional sense of self-importance
It is not sufficient as pure storytelling to sustain interest...feels hollow at the center--lacking in any payoff, from an entertainment or from a thematic point of view.
Ventures to the bleak side relentlessly and without apology.
Tells its gritty, weepy story well enough to satisfy those who crave a little more melodrama and madness in their lives.
A mid-20th-century bodice-ripper about sexual obsession and questionable sanity, Asylum doesn't live up to its admirable pedigree.
The premise of the tale is thus grounded in an experience of some grit, yet the result, onscreen, is a loose compound of the predictable and the implausible.
Its mix of baroque plotting, awkward soft-core sex and a simmering violence never gels.
Asylum proves that even the most talented actors can't always transcend inferior material.
A psychological thriller requiring substantial suspension of disbelief.
Mackenzie takes too many such shortcuts in a complex psychological story.
A silly but not unwatchable collection of some of Alfred Hitchcock's greatest bits, David Mackenzie's overheated Asylum is an interesting opportunity to watch some great actors working hard to overcome the general nuttiness of their movie.
If you dig legitimately creepy thrillers, you'd be crazy to miss Asylum.
Despite all the on-screen intensity, we are locked out.
Richardson is terrific, but not worth a trip to see this in the theatre.
Strong performances by a very good cast, especially a brooding, sexual animal-killer Marton Csokas, highlight Patrick Marber's exceptional script.
In the callused hands of director David Mackenzie...the rigorously tough-minded Asylum lives up to its potential as a modern masterpiece of psychological terror.
Terrifically entertaining and powerful.
a number of elements in Asylum strain credulity
It's too over-the-top, too lurid and at times simply too silly to represent any kind of valid commentary on the repressive '50s or the way in which institutions tend to destroy rather than cure.
In the dreary, claustrophobic drama Asylum, Natasha Richardson plays a married Englishwoman who falls for a loony-bin hunk.
Patrick McGrath's novel provides a solid and suspenseful story, even if it loses much of its bite in Mackenzie's hands.
Benefits from barbed exchanges, gritty period detail and its fine cast.
An intense and haunting drama with four memorable performances
A leanly structured, richly detailed and artistically thrilling work that is one of the most important films of the year.
Natasha Richardson in an intense performance as a passionate woman who risks all to satisfy her desires.
Rigor and beauty are nothing without a point, and if the point of Asylum is that a little romantic obsession goes a long way, 100 years of cinema have made sure that we knew that already.
...filled with characters who range from the unlikable to the psychologically opaque.
Nothing wrecks the mood of a high-toned British period piece about erotic obsession quicker than an unintentional laugh. In which case, prepare for Asylum to be derailed by snorts in all the wrong places.
Mackenzie and Marber opt for an anonymous viewpoint of clinical detachment, which generates about the same psychodramatic tension as reading the DSM-IV.
A cautionary tale to lonely housewives fantasizing about sleeping with the hunky gardener.
Penetrating look at a self-destructive woman, the victim of passion.
All the passion dynamics of a Harlequin novel but an outstanding cast offers the drama considerable therapy.
Like Young Adam, Asylum is likewise doomed by its own self-importance.






@highlight

This catastrophic adaptation of Patrick McGrath's novel gets sillier and more implausible as it goes along.