Magic Mike XXL is Oscar worthy, especially for sound design and the shameless exposure of taut male abdominal muscles.
Like its predecessor, Magic Mike XXL will make you horny (let's not mince words) - because, like its predecessor, the movie understands that you deserve to be worshipped.
I did wonder if I could stomach a further two hours of pulsating thighs and thrashing jockstraps after the last one, but, oddly, it turns out I absolutely could.
The newcomers on hand, including the Rap-singing lover-boy Andre and Rome, the new sultry mistress of ceremonies with complicated romantic ties to Magic Mike, go a long way toward making us forget that we ever bought into Dallas' club.
I was not expecting to like Magic Mike XXL, let alone love it, but I do kind of love it.
It's a sexy movie, but also a sweet celebration of brotherhood.
It's little wonder that the women and a few men are flocking to see Magic Mike XXL.
Is it breaking any barriers? Not really, although this sequel features a lot more people of color than its predecessor. But is it fun that isn't going to make us feel compromised? Hell yes, and these days, that's worth celebrating.
It's fun. Magic Mike XXL moves along at a brisk clip, leaning into all the absurdities of its premise and giggling all the way. It's the cinematic equivalent of an afternoon spent drinking beer on the beach. Everyone's having a good time.
At its core, though, this is a movie about friendship more than it is about hustle or simple eye candy, and that's a big part of what makes it so much fun.
Like its journeyman star Channing Tatum, there's something so weirdly sweet and earnest about Magic Mike XXL that you wonder if they're making fun of the audience. In the end, does it even matter?
Tatum and Manganiello in particular are clearly having a terrific time. It's no Toy Story 2, but as sequels go, Magic Mike XXL is a pony worth climbing on again.
Adorably shaggy.
Magic Mike XXL sort of plays like the lesser sequel to the movie we all thought the original would be.
A surprisingly entertaining and funny follow up...
If the film looks and moves like a Soderbergh movie, it has a different feel than the original; it's lighter, for good and ill, an encore without much of an agenda.
Do we need another Magic Mike film? Not really, but gee, it's good fun.
For viewers willing to put up with a largely pointless story, there are still revelations to be had in "Magic Mike XXL." They're just harder to come by this time around.
A lack of structural ebbs and flows throughout the screenplay takes away from the film's real potential. Nevertheless Tatum's presence still makes the film watchable, if not magical.
In ditching structure and development, Magic Mike XXL serves as a long-form celebration of sexuality no matter the creed, color or code.
They are good company and sustain the film, which rides a wisp of a plot to explore male friendships and aspirations while enjoying one last fling as performance artist-as-sex object
I'm sure some will find Magic Mike XXL arousing, but not anyone whose idea of a turn-on is a good movie.
Magic Mike XXL is the cinematic inverse to Magic Mike, swapping out the drama for wild, blazing cuts at physical comedy and leaving behind the first film's dark aches for a friendly happiness.
Magic it certainly isn't.
If ever there was a 'shut up and dance movie', this is it, as Mike and his awful friends simply don't get their gear off and hoof enough.
Despite a bunch of trouble in the final act, I wouldn't dream of telling anyone not to see the picture.
You think for a moment that there's a showdown in the works, but here is where Magic Mike XXL distinguishes itself -- competition has scarcely any place at all in its world, and problems aren't solved so much as dissolved.
Scenes where it shows off its indie cred serve as an acerbic palate cleanser between the shamelessly lush dance numbers in which the men slither around, as boneless as a Chicken McNugget.
There's a fun, inclusive quality to its shaggy-dog narrative, for those willing to suspend their disbelief and check their inhibitions at the door.
The magic is gone, leaving nothing but Mike and some extra-large disappointment packaged in gold lamé underwear.
Not only is XXL a better film than its predecessor, it's a revelation as the most (casually) progressive mainstream movie of recent memory.
The unashamed male stripper sequel is better than the original.
It's musical, rowdy, sexy and celebratory -- a party with a purpose that insists the nation's diversity is evidence of its generosity. The producers could have looked to Whitman for a tagline: 'I hear America singing.'
The first one is definitely way better than this sequel. [Full review in Spanish]
Channing Tatum and friends offer a fun road movie for the pleasure of women (and men). [Full review in Spanish]
A dissapointing, empty sequel with no sex appeal or charisma.[Full review in Spanish]
The script is just an excuse to take the characters of the first movie on one of the most pointless road trips in film in recent years. [Full review in Spanish]
Magic Mike XXL leaves the drama behind and focuses on the fireworks and mishaps of the band of strippers. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Gregory Jacobs never shows any interest in character development and we're left with just the bodies of the male strippers. [Full review in Spanish]
Magic Mike XXL misses the opportunity to redeem male stripping and ends with something in the vein of the Sex and The City sequel. [Full review in Spanish]
We could say that Magic Mike XXL is more than just a movie about a bunch of dudes getting naked, but it's not. [Full review in Spanish]
A crazy comedy with a very thin plot and no character progression. [Full review in Spanish]
Far less dark or subtle than MM, but far more boisterous, raunchy and exuberant, this is a movie that neon-lights the 'entertainment' in 'male entertainment,' even if it isn't much more than one last road-trip down memory lane.
The dance routines rescue this movie.
[Magic Mike XXL] has an easy, engaging flow, at once natural and dreamlike.
It's a simple, entertaining, light-hearted romp that doesn't require much thought.
Contrived and bland, this is a poor excuse for a road movie.
It's a road-trip movie that takes us on a tour of the best stripping venues the southern states apparently have to offer, without ever really arriving anywhere.
It's a reinforcement of some elements of the first film, but also a departure in ways that make it more thoughtful than its predecessor without ever undermining its commitment to entertain.
A refreshing celebration of the non-toxic variety of masculinity, Magic Mike XXL hits every mark that it aims for. This is the America the world dreams about.
What's missing is anything even remotely resembling a story, even the thin mentor & protégé narrative that supported Magic Mike.
Like Mike and his posse of men when they hit the stage, Magic Mike XXL is a film all too eager to please.
What happened? Market research, probably. Magic Mike made some money because it was a movie about male strippers. So studio logic said that if a little stripping is good, then a lot more is better. Why think when you can pander?
Take the characterizations a couple steps deeper, and you could re-title the movie "Beneath the Thongs." But then it wouldn't be as much fun.
Works as a surprisingly sweet and funny look at male comradery, even when it's seediness occasionally trounces its earnestness.
More akin to leaving your cares (and possibly keys) at the door, and diving in for some quick thrills. Undemanding, reasonably entertaining fun.
Sexy, funny and surprisingly heartwarming, Magic Mike XXL is an appealing road movie in disguise.
[If] what you want is playfulness, energy, goofy glee, and a complete and utter lack of pretentiousness then Magic Mike is a Trojan (Horse) full of fun.
It's got to be said that while there's no real story as such in the harmless, totally unnecessary follow-up to the 2012 hit Magic Mike there is an undeniable paleolithic charm to the low-brow lunkhead bromance.
It's not...quite...about empowering women, but there is certainly something surprising and interesting going on here.
Come for the stripping, but stay for the laughs.
Definitely contains more bro and show than its predecessor.
[Tatum moves] like a cut, super-charged Donald O'Connor. How his body works is one of our generation's greatest mysteries.
Magic Mike XXL isn't quite as psychologically curious as the original, but it certainly delivers a good time for both genders. (You heard me right, fellas.)
It remains an enjoyably easy-going experience throughout. The random repartee shared by Mike and company really does grow on you after a while.
So much of the movie feels like leftover unused vignettes from its predecessor strung together to feature length and tossed out for public consumption. It's like your favorite band got together one more time, and then spent the tour playing B-sides.
Except for the admirable testosterone on display that represents hours in the gym instead of the acting class, the rest of Magic Mike XXL is seriously stupid.
Easily the feel-good movie of the year thus far, and the funniest ... These guys are an incredible delight to hang out with, and the talent they represent is unbelievable ... Each can spin a joke, a character and an outrageous dance move.
...eye candy for those who want to see barely dressed men simulating sex. If that's not you, you needn't bother.
The plot may be stretched as thin as one of Channing Tatum's gold lamé thongs, but this sequel to Steven Soderbergh's surprisingly thoughtful stripper opus still works as an entertainingly outré odyssey ...
Sex continues to be the sizzle in this raunchy road movie that plays out like fun-filled foreplay and in which Channing Tatum has all the moves.
Tatum's autobiographical experiences still feed into Reid Carolin's script, but the edge of the original has been lost, character playing second G-string to choreography and costume.
What matters here is the dancing, an unexpectedly bold blend of pure sexuality and giddy aesthetics
A bare bones plotline won't matter to fans seeking a good time at this stripped-down 'hey, let's put on a show' road movie.
The movie's sunny generosity of spirit serves as a sneak-attack on conventional movie masculinity, ripping machismo away from toxic Wahlberg-ian Bro culture and offering a more evolved, inclusive concept of manhood.
It's sexy, it's stylish, it's well-paced, and it's unexpectedly pro-women, treating the female characters as respectfully as the male strippers do and reminding moviegoers that carnal pleasures aren't reserved only for the hot young thangs among us.
If anything, better than its predecessor: looser, funnier, stranger, and vastly more subversive, a buddy road comedy that unexpectedly evolves into a celebration of female desire.
Tatum has come a long way since his "Step Up" days (he was excellent in last year's "Foxcatcher"), but he makes a number of unfortunate choices here.
Magic Mike XXL has no underbelly: only spray-tanned abs.
The choreography is flashy and sexy, and the dances will make the women - as well as some men, I suspect - in the audience squeal. It is a sexually arousing movie, but done in such a light and fun-filled manner that it is neither prurient nor offensive.
It's great to see an American movie that's gung-ho on sex and good times that it isn't afraid to tap the heartstrings as it pushes the G-strings. It's big fun.
Resisting the temptation to capitalise on the camp value of these characters, Channing Tatum and his producing-writing partner Reid Carolin create a startlingly loose and thoughtful follow-up to their 2012 hit.
Another one-of-a-kind winner...
The story never veers far from the standard road trip template but, like they say, it's not what you've got, it's what you do with it.
For a movie about taking risks, this sequel to the 2012 sleeper hit is far too cautious.
Closer to the gratuitous man candy movie the first Magic Mike should have been, but it's still not quite there.
The initial banter between the lads - some of which is actually quite endearing and funny - eventually gives way to cheesy scenes designed to titillate rather than tickle the funny bone.
As I sat there laughing, I realized I wasn't only entertained. I was moved and exhilarated. Not since the days of peak Travolta and Dirty Dancing has a film so perfectly nailed something essential about movie lust
XXL? ZZZ...
Magic Mike XXL, barely bothers to scratch beneath the veneer of fake tan.
A hella fun, if naggingly problematic, road trip that examines its characters beyond their (admittedly beautiful) abs.
However discursive-and repetitive-the movie may be, it delivers the fantasy goods of formidable male bodies in motion, and ups the fantasy ante by making the men as sensitive, self-doubting and nurturing as they are virile.
Tatum delivers some pretty impressive dance moves, it must be said. It must also be said that if Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly could see how the dance movie has evolved in the 21st century, they'd be pirouetting in their graves.
The film coasts a long way on star Channing Tatum's effortless charm; luckily, he has more than enough to spare.
Few will attend this sequel for the cinematic touches. And that's fine. Hollywood has spent enough time objectifying women. Why not return the favor?
There's nothing at stake - their destination is a convention, not a contest, and it's not even clear they'll get to keep the singles that invariably rain down when they do their thing.
These men have unrealized yearnings - for art, for singing careers, for "glass slipper" marriage, for frozen yogurt - and they're going to make it rain by acting out those fantasies, man-twerking with all the "realness" they can muster.
Magic Mike XXL might be tedious if gender-flipped because sexualised images are the norm when it comes to representations of women. They are not the norm for men.
The movie is all tease and no release.
It's entertaining without any weight behind the story at all.
It's an amusement-park ride. Fasten the safety belt, secure your purse, and get ready to scream.
Tatum's charm seems second nature, his dancing is stellar and, as the star and producer of the shapeless but exceptionally enjoyable Magic Mike XXL, he delivers on both.
It's a simpler experience, but then doesn't everyone (or everywoman) need a little mindless worship now and again?
Though this leads, inevitably, to a big strip-off, the fun lies in the grace notes that make MMXXL just a little slyer than it needs to be.
Magic Mike, XXL is a loose, shambling party bus-or party organic fro-yo food truck, to be more exact-and everyone's having a great time.
Why a plot? Why not just shoot Channing Tatum and co-stars dancing shirtless for an hour and let their drooling fans see them dancing? Zero magic in this Magic Mike.
Entertaining cast, thin plot, tons of sexy dancing.
Magic Mike XXL is unabashedly all about entertainment, and not just the physical kind that involves hips gyrating like crashing waves along a shore.
Sure, this is a dumb sequel and everyone's on one level slumming. But they're slumming in style.
If you want abs, strippers, thrusting loins and more dollar bills than you've ever seen before in a movie then Magic Mike XXL delivers. It's just too bad it couldn't deliver the entire package (pun totally intended).
...a playful, good-natured fantasy for both those creating it and those watching it.
Magic Mike XXL delivers rowdy, raunchy fun, but without McConaughey, it's a long way from "awright, awright, awright."
If you're not a fireman or a police officer or a cowboy beneath those breakaway pants, then who are you, really? This is the central question of Magic Mike XXL.
Showing little differentiation from a substanceless soft porn with cheesy dialogue and a non-existent story, the nichely entertaining "Magic Mike XXL" treats you like you're a dumb monkey just wanting a jiggling banana.
An undercharged as well as under-dressed affair that can't ever quite overcome its own cumbersome screenplay.
Magic Mike XXL may not be an insightful continuation of its predecessor, but it delivers an experience that many wanted the first time around
Gorgeous men dance and bro-out enough that boyfriends will enjoy it, too. No one takes anything too seriously except for having fun and that is exactly what they deliver.
A shameless ladies-night-out experience, it fails as a movie, but you can't fault it for giving them what they want.
As I reflected upon the other big female fantasy movie of 2015(Fifty Shades of Grey), I had to wonder what is wrong with the women seeing these movies?
Magic Mike XXL is what a lot of people expected Magic Mike to be when it came out. And I'm pretty sure there's nothing wrong with that.
A topless, sticky-wet movie where almost no one is having sex. The boys aren't even grown up enough to say the word, preferring to ask, "Did you bangy?"
Matthew McConaughey has wisely opted out of the sequel - his character, stripper-impresario Dallas, has either passed on or moved overseas, it's not entirely clear - and with him goes much of the first film's gonzo spark.
This isn't a perfect movie, but it might be the perfect summer movie for 2015 ...
It doesn't have any grand ambitions beyond showing its audience a good time, and if the crowd I saw it with is any indication, it succeeds in doing so, despite its meandering narrative, its episodic format and the fact it is seriously long.
The movie ... is so infectiously, brazenly pleased about literally everything that happens in it that it's hard not to leave in the same frame of mind.
The movie is capably directed by Gregory Jacobs, Soderbergh's longtime producer and assistant director, who lovingly captures sweaty bodies and glistening beaches and retains the original's loose, relaxed style.
Magic Mike XXL targets its audience as relentlessly as a personal trainer targets abs. This sequel to "Magic Mike" mostly dispenses with plot in order to serve up what it does best: showcase male stripper gyrations.
Surely "XXL" in the title wasn't meant to indicate the length of the movie, but it rather feels like it. Sometimes a medium is a better fit.
It lacks the art of the original, but it does have a hairless stud licking melted chocolate off an obese woman's thighs and spraying her with whipped cream.
I've included this in my little list that I've added to Dante's Nine Circles of Hell...the punishment is that those unfortunates are condemned to watching this society of films on a loop over and over again for all eternity.
A significantly inferior follow-up to a perceptive, emotionally sound slice-of-life that didn't need a sequel in the first place, and certainly not the one that has come to fruition.
During the dancing sequences, women hurl dollar bills at our heroes; there are no corresponding shots of someone, anyone, picking it up. In Soderbergh's first film, the money is what matters-- which is why the first film is better than the 'fun' sequel.
Come back, SHOWGIRLS. All is forgiven.
They should have made the writer of the movie work on his screenwriting skills as much as Channing Tatum works on his abs.
Magic Mike XXL plays like the party bus whose road was charitably paved.
A guiltlessly dumb movie that mostly coasts by on pecs appeal, hip-hop beats and pelvic thrusts. Lots of pelvic thrusts.
Similar to its predecessor, the trailers are deceptive. This gorgeously-shot film is far better than the MTV-style marketing it's receiving.
A cringe-worthy jamboree of dimbulb manflesh that's even more embarrassing than the first film.
Too many elements that made the first film an enjoyable experience are missing.
In the first film, stripping was something from which Mike needed to escape. In the sequel, it's inescapable.
Magic Mike XXL made me want to be a male stripper.
It's every bit the cheesy, brainless exercise in audience pandering that many expected from the first movie.
Alternates between pandering to its target audience of straight women, and just boring them.
It's so over the top and exaggerated that you can't help but chuckle at the oiled up and stripped down audacity of it all. (Full Content Review - Sex, Nudity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
With the Kings of Tampa back together and on the road to a male-stripper convention in Myrtle Beach, Magic Mike XXL is the all-out man-party audiences wanted the first movie to be.
It may be either the gayest straight film ever made, or the straightest gay one. And it doesn't care either way.
"What do women want?" was a question that even confounded Freud. Despite its admirable intentions, "Magic Mike XXL" hasn't got a clue, either.
This sequel goes beyond disappointment into a sublime realm of embarrassment that's beyond and yet better than merely bad, because it fascinates: What on Earth were they thinking?
I realize there are those who don't care so much about the story or creating a distinct plot. But I thought the filmmakers might care, including star-and-producer Channing Tatum, about more than dropping trou. About more than the party.
A talky bromantic road movie that takes them forever to ramble from Tampa to a big strippers convention in Myrtle Beach.
Did you like the first one? Plan to like this one more.
By trying to appeal to young women, middle-aged moms, gay men and spring-break bros at the same time, the movie spreads itself too thin, filling time better spent on manly moves with too much talk and obvious demographic pandering.
If the suggestive use of spray cream whips you into a froth, boy, do these lads have a movie for you.
Watching it was like opening the wrong gift -- that's not my size, and I don't like blue, but thank you, Warner Bros., for even bothering to shop for me. Most of the other studios forgot my birthday.
Rather than trying to replay the first episode and expand on its themes, this installment tosses it all aside like a handyman's tool belt and throws itself headlong into the intoxicating carnality of what is demurely called "male entertainment."
Does the movie work? Intermittently, sometimes brilliantly.
With stingy portions and plenty of filler, "Magic Mike XXL" is the worst sausage party ever.
Tatum's dancing (at one point, he exits a room doing a head roll and a suave little twirl) keeps things bright. Somebody needs to cast this guy in a musical - he'd be magic.
Magic Mike XXL is what everyone assumed the original would be -- just a whole lotta strippin' -- and it's almost genius in its simplicity.
Sure, they look good in the buff, but their problems are transparent and the solutions as pat as Channing Tatum's buns are tight.
Proving it's not just looks, but heart, the effectively packaged but very uneven entertainment delivers a few things that are just darn irresistible.
When you use "XXL" in the title of a movie about male strippers, certain promises are made. But if Magic Mike XXL is bulging with anything, it's inane conversation.
An old fashioned musical with more dubstep and less singing (and pants).
"Magic Mike XXL" has a plot skimpier than the jockstraps worn by its male strippers with hearts of gold. But not to worry.
The less ambitious sequel seems primarily designed to accommodate hordes of Cosmo-fortified fans, though it is a more diverse movie.
Good-hearted, likable and tons of fun.
The film is loaded with more good times than the last bachelorette party you pretended to have fun at while you secretly longed to be home bingeing Orange Is the New Black.
Attempts to create a joyous celebration of the strippers at play, but to hear them converse with one another or their targets of seduction is torture, leaving "Magic Mike XXL" primarily a visual event.
Magic Mike XXL is a joy, an affirmation of happiness, a movie that makes you feel better about yourself at every turn. It's a triumph.
Magic Mike XXL is as sweet and steamy as oven-fresh cherry pie.
Magic Mike XXL might be Channing Tatum's greatest show of muscle yet.
Magic Mike XXL is like Seinfeld, it's a movie about nothing, and that's what makes it great. Well, "nothing" other than lots and lots of male stripping
It's total fan service. But it's not dumb about it.
With the overall feel of a cheap rush job, this half-baked sequel could spell the end of the profitable, clothes-doffing Kings of Tampa.
So howling terrible - it's a must see! An insult to women - especially women past 25. Tatum's likeability survives. The only thing missing is SHOWGIRLS Gina Gershon.
This sequel ... dares to include women in its worldview and dignify them with the wants and needs so long denied them in mainstream media. It's cute and dirty, and baby, Magic Mike XXL knows what it's doing.
Instead of being treated to Tatum's incredible dancing, we're bludgeoned with simulated sex acts and American Idol auditions, the only set pieces of note both having appeared in the film's trailer.
There are plenty of peaking pecs and gyrating hips for those who are looking for it, and actually in this case these scenes are far more indulgent.
They want escape, and what better way to escape than in a mindless summer movie that delivers on what it promised: namely ripped flesh delivered gyrating to bass-heavy hits, and at one point to a Nine Inch Nails song about really intense lovemaking.
Little more than a slapdash woman's wish-fulfillment fantasy--in which male entertainers bare their all for their pleasure--that embodies a man's wish-fulfillment one, in which their jiggling and shaking sets women a-flutter.
Delivered with all the subtlety of a crotch to the face, Magic Mike XXL is one of the most cynical, shallow sequels in recent memory.
[W]hile Magic Mike XXL definitely lacks the serious dramatic storytelling of the first film & embraces a great deal of behavior & tone that is at odds with the first film, I can't deny that despite my misgivings the film was ridiculously fun & funny.
Sleazy, sybaritic, yet surprisingly sweet sequel, revolving around a troupe of male strippers who are determined to elevate women's self-esteem.
Supporting players including Jada Pinkett Smith, Andie MacDowell, and Elizabeth Banks have good fun with underwritten roles, and the movie's take on desire is admirably democratic (Sex: it's not just for hot millenials!).
To the film's credit, it knows it's ridiculous. It's aiming for ridiculous, and it hits the mark as precisely as the strippers groove half-naked to their beats.
If "Magic Mike XXL" were an "Ocean's Eleven" movie, it would be "Ocean's Twelve," the boring one in the middle before they wrapped it up on a higher note. There's no need for "Magic Mike" to go there -- twice is one too many.
"Step Up: The Stripping Years." Yeah, it's that dumb. And clumsy.
Shorn of the first film's inner tensions, this Soderbergh-less sequel has the obvious whiff of cash-in about it.
It's one thing to linger on a scene and another to have it play so long there's time to go to the lobby for a snack and get back before it ends. This is a story about high energy dancing presented at a half-speed pace.
Magic Mike XXL is much more meditative than your average buddy comedy, and the unscripted feel gives the cast the freedom to exploit their subtle comedic talents.
Magic Mike XXL is a piece of arm candy, as shallow as a mud puddle and just as bright. But that doesn't mean it isn't fun to hang out with.
This time the jokes are heavier, more on-the-nose, though a surprising percentage of them work anyway.
The women in our audience, along with me, had a fabulous time watching it. Tatum is a hoot, as is a great deal of the script. Expect to be entertained!
If watching handsome men with perfect bodies perform suggested sex acts on obese women is appealing to you, go see "Magic Mike XXL".
"Even the best dance routines can't entirely raise the film from its shambling, directionless feeling, "
Everything Entourage wants to be and has no idea how to accomplish.
A fun idea gets a little too big for its g-strings with Magic Mike XXL, a movie that really needs to shut up and dance.
XXL lives up to its moniker. This isn't Magic Mike 2, this is Magic Mike LARGER. This film is about seduction via performance, and allowing each performer to have one take-home gem... The result is one of the most entertaining films of the summer.
This rambling, plotless sequel might have passed muster with more dancing. The stilted dialogue is no substitute.
Sorry, ladies, but the biggest bulge in "Magic Mike XXL" is the one in the movie's finely developed heart muscle.
Channing Tatum really is magic.
An unabashedly carnal indulgence solely interested in inducing gelatinous drools of saliva from the mouths of overstimulated females.
Magic Mike XXL is everything the first film should have been and more - a fun and energetic road movie that makes up for its loose structure by unabashedly pandering to the audience.
Magic Mike XXL is the opposite of prudish, to the point that there's almost nothing at stake. And when they finally perform at the stripper convention, it looks like an off night at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Tatum is once again the main attraction, back with his Oscar-worthy dry hump (his acting's not bad either).
If you only see one movie this summer about male strippers bonding over unfulfilled dreams while they titillate female clientele, make sure it's this one. Because it's great.
What's particularly energizing about "Magic Mike XXL" is how it exuberantly celebrates sexuality, and does so unabashedly and unapologetically. It's something you don't often see in mainstream films.
A sloppy and often silly road movie that takes most of the same characters we met in 2012 and gives them a last hurrah as macho male entertainers.
Too often this movie feels like an overlong finale episode of a long-running TV series, one that assumes that we're really invested in these characters and their desire to hang up their thongs after putting on one last great showcase.
Magic Mike XXL is a softer, sweeter treat than its predecessor, but there's still no mistaking the skill applied to this prime cut meat parade.
We're always waiting for something important or interesting to happen, but it never really does.
Magic Mike XXL is ridiculously entertaining.
Making good on its XXL, the Magic Mike sequel delivers what you'd want in a follow-up about male strippers: more flesh, more abs, more dances, the phworr factor cranked up to eleven.
Though saddled with plenty of obstacles, including the absence of Matthew McConaughey, "XXL" has an agreeably ramshackle spirit and another winning turn from Channing Tatum.
A playful, effervescent production, complete with an endearing, tongue-in-cheek tone that gives the director an incredible degree of licence to simply have fun.
A weak sequel that will only appeal to those that can be satisfied by the prospect of buff half-naked men.
"Magic Mike XXL" is essentially a loose but well-honed add-on pack.

@highlight

Magic Mike XXL has enough narrative thrust and beefy charm to deliver another helping of well-oiled entertainment, even if this sequel isn't quite as pleasurable as its predecessor.