Pure routine. [Full Review in Spanish]
12 Strong is a solid exercise of film propaganda that at least takes the liberty of creating actual characters and a real reflection over the future of this conflict. [Full Review in Spanish]
...a war film that is not that far from propaganda... [Full review in Spanish]
Trey Parker and Matt Stone once joked that if Team America had been performed with actors instead of puppets, it would have been a Bruckheimer movie. Enter 12 Strong...
The only person not in favor of this proposed "Uncle Sam" is the villain of history. [Full Review in Spanish]
...more propagandist than cinematographic. [Full Review in Spanish]
A fine, very well-made war movie with strong characters, plenty of realistic action and loads of those tough, failure-is-not-an-option Americanisms that always feature in any movie where something has to get done, whatever the cost and whatever the odds.
This is an intense, serious war film.
Oddly wanting to be a Western at times (only with tanks, machine guns and lots of bloody and burning corpses), it's full of iffy racial profiling, simplistic politics, soapbox speeches and distortions of the truth.
The action is frequent and gripping, the heroism present but understated, and the sense of tactical complexity has survived the script-writing process, so there is more geo-political subtlety than one expects from a post-9/11 American war movie.
... a whirlwind of action. [Full review in Spanish]
A quietly impressive war movie, 12 Strong is drawn from a true story where you really "had to be there" to believe it.
12 Strong is a story worth telling but I'd have preferred that it ditched the clichés and replaced it with better dialogue.
12 Strong is entertaining enough, as long as you don't ever expect it to step outside its exceedingly specific remit.
12 Strong suggests a fascinating true story, but one that did not have the potential for feature-film power.
A well-wrought story about actual events and the brave men involved.
The movie avoids ruminating on America's Afghan policy, and ends before things get complicated, making it an upbeat movie about a downbeat war.
Ferociously formulaic war film, filled with fiery action, procedural frustration and inevitable anguish.
It's actually remarkable just how thoroughly and completely 12 Strong manages to alienate the viewer over the course of its punishing 130 minute runtime...
Comparing [Chris Hemsworth's] performance with Michael Shannon's as Nelson's intensely intelligent second-in-command will have you wishing Shannon would have gotten the starring role even if he isn't as ruggedly handsome.
That said, [Chris] Hemsworth and director [Nicolai] Fuglsig do enough to steer you in the direction of Stanton's book - another must-read to add to that list.
As pointless and as unnecessarily long as the conflict that inspired it.
Pays appropriate tribute to the true acts of heroism that emerged from the mission, but as a movie, it's just a formulaic war picture.
Narratively uninspired and visually flat - no mean feat considering the beautiful mountain locations.
Well-intentioned though 12 Strong may be, it lacks the writing or directing to be great drama, and lacks the perspective or insight to be anything else but an historical-based action movie, and it isn't all that impressive on that front.
Like so many muscles in Hollywood, it all feels rather fake: steroidal and pumped up rather than legitimately hard-won.
The film is one for fans of simple, optimistic war movies, but that doesn't mean they will think much of its colourless characters and monotonous action scenes.
It has a fine cast led by Chris Hemsworth, brilliantly staged fighting scenes, and shows that, for the first time in decades, American soldiers rode into battle on horses.
Tense but never sensationalized action adventure about the first post-9/11 US foray into Afghanistan, an extraordinary culture clash and mashup of medieval and modern technologies.
Yes, it's intense jingoistic nonsense and full of hilarious caricatures - watch out for US enemy No 1, the evil Arab Mullah Razzan, played by Numan Acar in deadpan homage to Aladdin's cartoon nemesis Jafar.
12 Strong tells a true story, and does it well.
Myopic military history re-written by Hollywood's resident Reagan-era chickhawk, Jerry Bruckheimer.
They'll adore all this in Pittsburgh; maybe less so in Pontefract.
A decent cast and striking photography lend substance to the depiction of a mission driven by patriotic fervour and heroic intentions.
The true story is served well enough -- to the point where you have a huge amount of respect for these men when you leave the theater.
If anything, 12 Strong is most useful in its ability to remind us of that moral clarity we have lost in the years since 9/11, which already feels like a day from another, more serious and sober era.
12 Strong combines formidable technique with a very simple-minded and jingoistic perspective on the American war on terror.
It's January, and that means the pickings at the local multiplex are among the leanest and least ambitious of the year. Enter-loud, blustery, rousing, paper-thin-12 Strong.
It's all very easy: a feelgood war tale from what feels like a distant age.
If you can ignore history, 12 Strong will reward you with a solid dose of action. Just don't expect much more than that. [Full Review in Spanish]
An effective - if overly simplistic - neo-Western that's eventually carried over the line by a sparky ensemble cast.
12 Strong passes by doggedly and in a haze, a theatre of war which gives us back row seats rather than throwing us properly into the thick of things.
A predictable telling of an extraordinary tale. The action sequences and the performances elevate it though.
A by-the-numbers war film, that includes good action, yet lacks character development and depth. [Full review in Spanish]
... a movie that finds a near-perfect balance between the horrors of war and the humanity of the forces who fight it.
We don't question why they do [what they're doing] because we all saw those towers fall. Fuglsig's job was to document, commemorate, and inspire. He does all three.
The sheer level of absurd heroism displayed by the US soldiers in the film makes it really tough to take 12 Strong seriously.
While the tension is maintained brilliantly throughout, we wish the ending was as gripping or effective.
Comes up fresh due to a strong cast, large-scale production, and a narrative scope that dodges difficult political questions.
As much as 12 Strong tries to focus on its specific moment, there is no escaping the looming shadow of this ongoing conflict.
12 Strong works as a superficial, patriotic adventure movie yet rarely delves any deeper into most of its characters or the situation they find themselves in.
Chris Hemsworth's post-9/11 horse soldier actioner is a bland attempt at revitalizing a producer's brand.
The Horse Soldiers' story is unconventional, and the film-produced by uber-slickster Jerry Bruckheimer-has been shaped along conventional war-movie lines.
Although the characters are all types, the performances are strong enough that we identify with them despite their lack of depth.
It's all solid from a technical perspective. Where the film could have used more power is in its narrative momentum.
It is less a celebration of American military might than of the tenacity of the men who responded to the horrors of 9/11 by answering their country's call.
Characters are reduced to thumbnails, and there is little of the soul searching found in other war movies, in which men question the need for war, or ask why men kill.
There's just as much to like here as there is to be frustrated with, the final product a mixed bag of good intentions, decent ideas and missed opportunities.
Never delves deep enough to examine the larger involvement of the U.S. and those ramifications, but "12 Strong" manages to infuse heart and character into this adrenaline-fueled war film
The film delivers some thrilling action scenes on a massive scale -- with rockets roaring, bullets whizzing and explosions raining down on a galloping cavalry.
12 Strong is about as basic a film as one could make about something as complex as war.
Good but not great. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
12 Strong may not rank with the most memorable war films of all time, but it works hard to entertain, and features just enough substance to merit some thought on its subject.
Extraordinary heroism deserves a less ordinary movie.
Will never go down as a power player in the pantheon of great war movies. But it is a solid entry in the genre and a fantastic ode to the real story behind the heroes who lived it.
12 Strong works as a tribute to the real-life American heroes who lived it, but is an overall generic war film without much substance.
This is a shallow movie based on a fascinating piece of U.S. military history. It isn't the worst war picture ever made. The real-life heroes deserve better, though.
It feels like a half dozen or more recent war movies,
To be fair, some of the action scenes are photographed with genuine flair, but none of the actors make an impression.
Fuglsig's feature debut is ultimately less an action movie and more a procedural, one in which incremental gains and minimal casualties are as much as can be hoped for.
Rah-rah while making a few stabs at humanizing humor, the movie also gives both credit and hints of complexity to our Afghan allies. This is no thinking man's war movie, but it is almost thoughtful for something like that.
Rousing, if not quite great real-life drama about American Afghan war heroes the Horse Soldiers.
Good cast in violent, patriotic, fact-based war movie.
Instead of emphasizing what made the Horse Soldiers stand out, the film is content to portray them as assembly-line action heroes.
But the Americans in 12 Strong are thinly realized, and it's hard to get emotionally involved in their fate even if they're in the most dangerous situation imaginable.
12 Strong is that rare war film that leaves both politics and pearl clutching off screen.
Its narrow-minded viewpoint and lack of larger picture perspective makes 12 Strong into little more than a jingoistic fairy tale.
There's a lot to like here. Unfortunately, it's not quite enough.
"12 Strong" is a throwback, an honest to goodness uncynical war film. This will likely be a criticism hurled at it, but I think that the movie's square, unapologetic celebration of the America soldier is a strength.
Shannon and Hemsworth employ all their uncomplicated masculine charisma, and the war scenes are pumped with adrenaline.
A real-life Avengers film.
Put aside your hindsight and at least you'll be rewarded with some invigorating action.
"12 Strong" does its best to tell a story of heroism from a dark chapter in our history, but its reality is much more complicated.
A war film carefully designed to check off all the requirements of the genre without going deep enough in the ones that matter most.
Hemsworth, Shannon, and Pena create real, relatable and yet heroic characters, and seeing them ride into battle on horseback is genuinely moving and inspiring.
It's occasionally good, but for the most part, 12 Strong simply does its job.
Combat scenes seem more interested in the faces than the fracas, missions are undertaken with no apparent outcome, and great difficulties loom and then dissolve like mist.
What makes "12 Strong" objectionable - and what will also make it appealing to some - is its attempt to induce a kind of amnesia in the audience ...
The best war movies generally take a position that gets us beyond strategy, tactics and reflexive expressions of heroism. Considering that, 12 Strong ... falls far short of the best in its breed.
If you want to feel good about a war with no end, this one's for you.
"12 Strong" lacks depth but fulfills its mission to entertain.
... the numbers don't add up; the movie lacks a discernible attitude toward those desperate days in America's history.
A likable and fittingly strong cast carries this remarkable story, which is not exactly remarkably told. Let's call it more trigger happy than memorable.
It might have 12 in its title, but make no mistake, the low-rent military drama "12 Strong" is a one-man show for Chris Hemsworth.
In its desire to laud the heroism of this small band of Americans in Afghanistan, ignores the overall reality of that conflict, which...seems to have become yet another sad episode in the history of a land often called the graveyard of empires.
For [the soldiers], the mission is more important than the man. It's unfortunate that the movie's philosophy is the same.
This is not a movie with time on its hands for character development or scrappy political discussions. What 12 Strong does deliver is a rousing tribute to soldiers whose contributions went unheralded for years.
It tells its story, about 12 American special-forces soldiers who spearhead a decisive battle in Afghanistan against the Taliban, with both laudable restraint and a healthy respect for what actually happened.
When it works, it's engaging and there's just enough to keep you entertained but you can't help feel the heroes deserve something meatier.
Aside from Mitch, Hal and Dostum, character development is kept to a minimum.
Unsung heroes get their due in 12 Strong as another declassified story comes to the screen.
long on build and short on payoff. It says a lot that the most memorable character in this tale of American bravery overcoming incredible odds is the Afghani warlord who would become the country's vice president.
12 Strong is the true story of the first American soldiers who went into Afghanistan following 9/11, and it is the least interesting version of that story imaginable: a monochromatic experience of beige men running through grey terrain.
It's a remarkable true tale of great heroism.
It's not that it's hard to follow, or overly complicated, it's just that it's structure and plotting are so repetitive that you never feel the build or the stakes as the film progresses.
12 Strong winds up being an almost-good film about some great American soldiers.
'12 Strong' finds its strength as a flag-waving, stand-up-and-cheer movie.
Ultimately registers as old-fashioned and artificial, like a WWII propaganda movie trying to drum up sales for war bonds.
More often than not, "12 Strong" feels like a sports movie, where all the stakes rest not on matters of honor and duty, but on a single field goal.
A fairly straightforward and enjoyable movie about an extremely complicated and demoralizing war. Its goal is to focus on a small group of heroes, and it shows little interest in the bigger picture.
As Nicolai Fuglsig doesn't allow any complicated thoughts about war, colonization, and mortality to hover around his characters, 12 Strong inevitably proceeds as a jaunty imperial adventure through the wilds of northern Afghanistan.
For devotees of cinematic blowouts and dedicated students of screen masculinity (like me), "12 Strong" is premium, Grade A catnip.
In the end, the feat these characters pull off is rousing, but 12 Strong never gathers the momentum it needs.
Yet what could have been a flag-waving slog across the beautiful wilderness of Afghanistan (substituted here by New Mexico), interspersed with massive explosions, is instead surprisingly elegant for a blockbuster.
Big-screen military fireworks are a signature of producer Jerry Bruckheimer and in that department 12 Strong doesn't disappoint. Things blow up good. Believability? Not so much...
The real-life heroes who bravely risked their lives deserve something better than the forgettable mediocrity that is '12 Strong', and truth be told, audiences deserve more too.
12 Strong, with its horse-mounted soldiers galloping through Afghanistan's dusty terrain like heavily-armed samurai warriors, would have been perfect for a breezy, Magnificent Seven-esque diversion.
It's not a bad movie, as far as it goes. In terms of context, though, it goes virtually nowhere.
It might be enough that "12 Strong" makes you feel good that the United States still produces guys like this. Too bad we didn't get to know about the real guys and their actual story.
Intriguingly, the filmmakers and their Chris Hemsworth-led ensemble are most concerned with the uneasy strategic and cross-cultural connections forged between US special forces and Afghan militia in their mutual fight against the Taliban.
"12 Strong" does a good job of telling a great story, about the first Americans to fight their way into Afghanistan after 9/11.
The bravery of the real soldiers is buried under a mountain of hokey sentiment and rah-rah bluster.
12 Strong is a heartfelt and respectful tribute to heroes whose sacrifice, commitment and courage shouldn't go unnoticed.
There are more than a dozen big names attached to this purposeful and often powerful war story, but perhaps the one with the biggest impact is behind the scenes, Jerry Bruckheimer.
Sans magic hammer, Chris Hemsworth's career as a leading man is spotty at best. It seems he just needed horse co-stars.
Contents itself with peddling the same crap about pure valor and warrior ethos that's been around since wars were actually fought on horseback-and it doesn't even have the decency to reward viewers a rousing cavalry charge.
It's a rousing movie, but not what you'd call a very introspective one.
It's a pretty good yarn.
12 Strong easily could have been another mid-January true story war drama coasting off of jingoism and an unnecessary thirst for violence, but it instead humanizes the inner conflict in Afghanistan
... stirring and solid, "12 Strong" is the kind of film that might make you think twice about January releases, and spotlights a riveting story in our recent history that many Americans might not know.
Sure, there is air support - lots of it - but when it comes to winning a war, courage and knowledge of enemy territory and culture take centre stage.
This attempt to revive Bush-era boot polishing is not only thoroughly ill-advised but crushingly inept.
12 Strong is content to be a third-rate action movie, wasting its talented cast in a well-intentioned but ultimately lackadaisical picture.
Too gung-ho and adrenalized to bother with consequences.
Reminiscent of such John Wayne classics as The Longest Day (1962) and Sands of Iwo Jima (1949), this unapologetically patriotic war flick is a crowd-pleaser most likely to resonate with the flag-waving 'God, mom and apple pie' demographic.
This Chris Hemsworth vehicle is is often hammy, but also wryly funny, breath-stoppingly tense, and uncommonly intelligent. Its January dump is a disservice to a promising debut feature.
On its own terms, the film is watchable enough, but it's blunt and stolid and under-characterized, and at 130 minutes it plods.
Thor has been promoted to Captain America.
It's virtually all Hemsworth's show and he's entirely up to the task of carrying the film on his broad shoulders: He's charismatic, fearless, confident, jokey and a good old Kentucky boy who just wants to get the job done ...
A solid cast and some striking visuals aren't enough to fortify this run-of-the-mill war movie, which touts themes of valor and brotherhood in only the most familiar of ways.
12 Strong knows it has an interesting story to tell with a unique perspective, and it tells it well with a collection of talented actors and some legitimately gripping action.
The movie has its moments. But Thor wrestling with the Hulk is more realistic and, frankly, more relevant to the current facts on the ground.

@highlight

12 Strong has a solid cast, honorable intentions, and a thrilling, fact-based story - all of which are occasionally enough to balance a disappointing lack of depth or nuance.