DuVernay, in just her second feature film, exhibits the skills of a master filmmaker.
Before directing Selma, Ava Duverny made Middle of Nowhere (2012), a small story about a woman who put her aspirations on hold when her husband goes to prison.
I should love this movie, but something about it kept me at arm's length.
Burrows deep into a lower working-class, primarily female African-American milieu and culture rarely presented onscreen with any sort of realism or understanding.
This isn't about dramatic revelations and charge confrontations. DuVernay, who also wrote the original screenplay, has made a film about those moments lived between the decisions...
DuVernay uses this situation as a light but poignant metaphor for Ruby's personal growth, as she finds a way to escape her own kind of prison.
Though writer-director Ava DuVernay avoids any and all cliché right up until the closing titles, I have no qualms ending this review with one: I wholeheartedly look forward to her next project.
An imperfect film about devotion and crumbling self-respect. Emayatzy Corinealdi is fantastic.
Poignant drama explores the world of dilemmas of a Los Angeles woman who cares for her imprisoned husband while struggling to keep her true self afloat. Director Ava DuVerney is a fresh female voice, with a sharp point of view.
An intimate, confidently directed and superbly acted humanistic drama utterly at home in the subtle push-and-pull of long-standing family tensions and arguments.
The title Middle of Nowhere refers to Ruby's state of being as well as the location of the prison where Derek is incarcerated.
A film remarkably true to life's haphazard rhythms.
Made by a black American woman, about a black American woman, it's a study of a culture where the matriarchs are strong by necessity and trapped by circumstance - adrift in the middle of nowhere.
This is a very effective and moving film, which is remarkable given the film's microscopic budget and 20-day shooting schedule.
The fine acting between the two leads is filled with determination and passion for their characters.
[A] hushed, tenderly observant drama about a young woman trying to do right by herself and her marriage while her husband is in prison.
It's so real we can't help but smile.
A simple but affecting slice-of-life drama.
Its unadorned simplicity belies the exquisite thought, craft, and heart that only could have made such an accomplishment possible.
There's also a fine line between meditative and just plain pokey ... It's only the charisma and passion of the film's performers that carries us to the end.
Ava DuVernay won a best director's award at Sundance for Middle of Nowhere, a prize that seems fitting for the sort of film that has the kind of gravity and authority that sneaks up on the viewer.
This is a tough-minded story of change that happens in almost imperceptibly tiny increments - as true growth so often does in reality.
This film is about a particular African-American experience, true, but it's also about the human experience. It will haunt you. It should.
A heartbreaking but teachable story about love and the morbid sacrifices we make to find it.
A sluggish enterprise, not measured or languorous or full of detail, but plodding, with scenes that run too long and others that are unnecessary.
It's confident storytelling, in which often the actors' faces, rather than dialogue, tell us what we need to know.
Tells a relatively simple story but does so with enough artistic intent and truth of character that the common story that it tells becomes uncommonly good in its telling.
Middle of Nowhere explores the contours of loneliness and the boundaries of loyalty in a way that is both artful and emotionally revealing.
The love triangle, which comes to overwhelm the second half, feels more like soap opera than anything else, and the able cast can't redeem DuVernay's often dreadful dialogue.
Most of the action takes place within the mind of a lonely woman. That's why Corinealdi is so effective in the lead.
A refreshing alternative to the superficial mainstream fare that tends to stereotype sisters as either sassy mammies or compliant sex objects.
The fim's emotions bubble to the surface in ways that don't seem acted, in scenes that don't seem scripted.
Director Ava DuVernay, in showing Ruby's life in waiting, occasionally lets the pace slip into tedium.
Corinealdi and Oyelowo are appealing enough to make the journey to the inevitable conclusion an enjoyable one.
"Middle of Nowhere" carries the imprimatur of Sundance, but without the dreary stereotypes or self-satisfied politics that can (at times unfairly) characterize its offerings.
It is uncommon to see serious adult dramas this moving and accomplished, so attuned to real people and their complex, recognizable emotions, no matter the racial makeup of the characters involved.
Like its central character, Middle of Nowhere is a gem.
This is an elegant, powerfully emotional and courageous film, worth seeing entirely on its own artistic terms ...
This modest, micro-budgeted story has been beautifully packaged.
Middle of Nowhere takes us on a pleasing road of self-discovery.
The power of Middle Of Nowhere is cumulative, conveyed in sustained tone and deepening character rather than bravura sequences or explosive confrontations.
In a cinema landscape where the representation of the black female experience is most visibly explored through the modes of outlandish comedy, unironic melodrama, or not at all, Ava DuVernay's take is a decidedly refreshing one.
This is humanistic drama done right.
Remarkably self-assured ...
Unlike so many movies, this one isn't afraid to simply be quiet, to show us characters thinking and feeling without actually talking about either.
Somber and moody, with assured direction by Ava DuVernay overseeing an exceedingly at-ease cast, the mood poem that is Middle of Nowhere is one of the best little films of the year...
Solidly acted but aloof and slow as molasses.
A deceptively slight film that strikes the right balance between realist family drama and earnestness...

@highlight

Wise, compassionate, and beautifully acted, Middle of Nowhere offers an early testament to writer-director Ava DuVernay's startling talent.