The unnerving thousand-yard-stare of McDonaugh is impressively disturbing, but the constant anxious smile of Cortez carries a haunting emotional impact.
Junger and Hetherington developed a deep sense of connection with these young men... The connection is what gives this film such power. This is war. There's no political viewpoint, no narration... you're just there with the soldiers.
No one in Restrepo analyzes the war in Afghanistan in political terms or even describes it in terms of goals larger than the day-to-day mission. And yet, simply by bearing witness, the movie is a call to action.
its most emotionally raw moments are indicative of their military subjects' exceptional comfort level with their observers ( ... ) the arid yet woody outcroppings high above the valley are an intriguing new terrain
Restrepo succeeds as both a remarkable piece of cinéma vérité documentary filmmaking and a tribute to the soldiers who are put through hell.
Restrepo captures the physical trauma and psychological torment that forms the essence of the 'War is Hell' mantra, regardless of which flag you fight under.
Everything about the way this film is shot, edited and packaged scream of a desire to show the war exactly as it is.
Restrepo avoids political discussion. It just revels in the heroism of these impossibly young, brave soldiers who follow orders that at times seem pointless because following them is what their country has asked them to do.
Though the movie tries not to make any kind of commentary, it's clear: this is just another reminder as to the utter pointlessness of this war.
"Restrepo" puts a new face on the war in Afghanistan. A decidedly American face. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Reminds us that wars are fought by individuals, not faceless armies.
Despite being a moving reminder to support our troops, Restrepo cannot help but be "Exhibit A" in the case against the unwinnable "War on Terror."
Restrepo comes closest of any film I've seen to fully suggesting what being a soldier is like.
The madness of warfare is starkly presented here, as dozens of questions potentially run through the viewer's mind.
Despite disclaimers by the directors that this is not a "political" movie, "Restrepo" is one damned good reason to get the hell out of Afghanistan NOW.
With daredevil camera work and a real empathy for soldiers, this documentary film makes you feel like you are inside a G.I.'s uniform in Afghanistan's Korangal Valley.
[Achieves] level of visceral intensity that rivals the jacked-up, heart-in-mouth tension that was previously the preserve of the best fiction film-makers.
Captures the complex human face of modern warfare.
A film that effectively captures the camaraderie, chaos and complexity of soldiers doing their best to win the "hearts and minds" of the local population.
It provides an admiring look at the brave soldiers eager to do the mission and return alive.
If the only message you get out of "Restrepo" is that war is all hell, then the documentary has done its job. But if a viewer equates being pro-soldier with being pro-war, then the point of this movie has been missed.
It's all strong stuff, and about as far removed from a traditional Hollywood all strong stuff, and as far removed additional Hollywood war movie as you can get.
Restrepo is an exercise in visceral intimacy.
Built around hand-held reportage, the film passes no judgement on the rightness or otherwise of the occupation. But the sense of bewilderment and futility speaks for itself.
It is a scary, moving and troubling film.
Film doesn't get more relevant.
Deservedly taking the documentary prize at Sundance, this details a conflict that seems to have no purpose other than to scar those caught up in it.
Powerful, terrifying and soulful, this real-life Hurt Locker is an intimate, often brilliant insight into combat and comradeship.
The camera lingers on the soldiers' smiles and tears and shows the human face of military tactics which reduce people to chess pieces.
Restrepo gazes unflinchingly on those at the heart of a contentious conflict and renders their experience viscerally and -- most importantly -- humanely.
First-rate stuff.
It's hard to watch the film without feeling a deep empathy for these guys, partly because they relate to the camera like it's a comrade, not an intruder.
The footage Junger and Hetherington got is an incredible, boots-on-the-ground, soldier's-eye view of combat.
The results are uncomfortable and occasionally harrowing in their realism -- and utterly compelling.
To say that the experience is powerful is putting it mildly.
At this point in all our Middle Eastern conflicts, we need more from a documentary than just a grunts-eye-view of the frustrating nature of the war.
A remarkable piece of documentary cinema. Not only does it do Pfc. Restrepo proud, but it brings home the fog of war more powerfully than any other movie in recent memory.
The film provides insight into the soldiers and their environment, but it is its own paradox: The more it reveals, the more mysterious and puzzling the war becomes.
An unvarnished and unwavering look at 21st-century combat.
The film's depiction is honest, but showcasing anything more engaging or important proves elusive.
...in some ways the most harrowing film I've ever seen
The directors were satisfied with telling us about a group of courageous, honorable young soldiers -- a salute these men richly deserve.
Riveting, harrowing doc shows the war we ignore
This fantastic first-hand account gives new meaning to the slogan "support the troops." Viewers will not soon forget the distinctive sounds of live ammunition being fired.
This documentary from writer Sebastian Junger will leave audiences with a new admiration for what fighting men must endure.
A look at both the tragic folly of war and the camaraderie of men under pressure, the documentary Restrepo holds both hope and horror.
In hewing closely to the rhythms of war, Junger and Hetherington forgo different considerations about war.
If that intimate access had been married to a stronger narrative structure, Restrepo might have been a great film instead of just a collection of striking moments.
Restrepo is a bracing difference from the neatly packaged accounts that mainstream media coverage typically provides. You don't have to be a hawk or a dove to appreciate its unvarnished honesty.
Directors Tim Hetherington and Sebastian Junger have come up with one of the most direct, searing documentaries in the history of US war in the Middle East.
An example of photojournalism at its finest.
This isn't the movies. It's life.
Sebastian Junger's chronicle of a fourteen-month mission in Afghanistan's Korengal Valley isn't much of a documentary, but the undeniably harrowing footage should be required viewing.
The reaction of a soldier to the death of another - unvarnished, disbelieving grief so raw it's difficult to watch - is among the most moving footage of war and its cost imaginable.
Valuable ... but misses a golden opportunity to intersect access and art.
The past few years have brought a lot of war documentaries, but Restrepo is the rare one that adds something new.
You can't help but share the feelings, many of them subrational, that coarse through the soldiers as they live a hellish year in a hellish place. That human element transcends politics, and it is the core of this vividly immediate film.
After the recent avalanche of pundit-filled advocacy documentaries about health care, failing schools and environmental collapse, it's a bracing experience to be trusted to think for oneself.
The directors push no agendas, but they also pull no punches. They show the soldiers in their bravest moments, most vulnerable and frightened moments, and even their most frighteningly bloodthirsty moments.
Chilling in its immersion.
The relative formlessness of Restrepo is, in itself, a kind of dramatic structure. It reflects the stop-start waywardness of war in general, and of this war in particular.
By keeping the focus solely upon the outpost and the soldiers who lived and fought there, the co-directors effectively seal the film off from any external influence.
Though Hetherington and Junger's film doesn't ultimately have anything new to say about the nature of war, it will nonetheless have a strong impact on those of us fortunate enough to have experienced combat only in its motion-picture form.
Try as it might to keep its distance from opinion and focus on the facts, Restrepo can't help leaving you with a sense of despair about the situation in Afghanistan.
Stunning...a harrowing, deeply troubling and thought-provoking film, but not a tub-thumping, didactic one.
Restrepo deserves some highlighting as one of the very few films from our current "war years" that resonates after the lights go up.
It's raw and harrowing, and also surprisingly funny. And it makes Hollywood war movies look ridiculous
Consider Restrepo the nonfiction Hurt Locker.
Hetherington and Junger's fair-minded chronicling of military experience remains a valuable piece of filmmaking, perhaps essential in reminding us of what warfare extracts from those who fight it.
Like most major war movies, "Restrepo," a you-are-there documentary about a deployment of U.S. troops in eastern Afghanistan's perilous Korengal Valley, is an anti-war movie.
A riveting, you-are-there, deployment to a godforsaken place where United States troops are pinned down by enemy fire almost every day...
The filmmakers call Restrepo an experimental film; and in this case, the experiment wasn't entirely successful, but it was definitely worth making.
In their just-the-facts approach, the filmmakers neither pass judgment on the platoon's mission nor comment on U.S. involvement in Afghanistan. In the filmmakers' eyes, the men came, they saw, they didn't conquer; they do reflect.
It's an essential record not only of the Afghanistan conflict but of men in battle
A brutally raw documentary about GIs manning an exposed outpost in the world's most dangerous place.
A boom in the distance takes on startling realness ... unfussy and unshakable, placing us in the center of a war zone to just watch what happens.
Restrepo isn't always easy to watch, but it should be required viewing...a needed smack of realism to help return focus to the brave men fighting for their lives and ours.
This is hard, hard duty. A 15-month tour. Our admiration for these men grows. Their jobs seem beyond conceiving. I cannot imagine a civilian thinking he could perform them.
Junger and Hetherington don't try to put the war or the troops' combat operations into context. They simply record what they and the soldiers experience. It's a brilliant strategy.
Watching such naked emotion seems almost indecent. Isn't it a kind of voyeurism, well-intended or not?
It's the best thing I've seen in a long time.
"Restrepo" is the answer to a question that will surely continue being asked.
This real-action vérité is as tense as the beachhead sequence of 'Saving Private Ryan' and all the more emotional in that these are not actors in recreation.
"Restrepo" does a terrific job of explaining why it's difficult to come home from war.
While not without anecdotal punching power, the film nonetheless seems like a relic since it unfolds in a vacuum, willfully ignorant or silent on any of the factors influencing events on the ground.
Genuinely engrossing, harrowing and unflinching. It's one of the most important, timely and provocative documentaries of the year.
Places audiences into the same groggy but frazzled rhythm as its combatants.
Their unsentimental portraits of platoon life match harsh deployment to fast, gentle camaraderie.
What we see is explosive, deeply moving and impossible to shake.
Restrepo is relevant now more than ever.
Has the spare, lyrical force of an elegy.
A gut-wrenching, politically neutral documentary that spends more than a year with a platoon of American GIs in a valley that's been called the most dangerous spot on Earth.
A "you are there" for civilians immeasurably enhances our understanding of the soldiers' point-of-view and toll in a frustrating war fought ridge by ridge.
a strange mixture of extreme intimacy and remote distance
This movie will stir your heart and open your mind. It's a group portrait of practicing patriots.
Just how close the filmmakers were to the action, and the risks they took with the project, filter into virtually every scene. We hear the bullets whizzing past, breaking branches in nearby trees.
The combat footage Junger and Hetherington got for Restrepo is unlike anything ever seen in a documentary; it's raw, relentless, and made all the more unsettling because neither the soldiers nor the audience can see who's doing the shooting.
America's foolhardy occupation of Afghanistan, in the interest of huge private military contracts and maintaining an oil pipeline that the U.S. media ignores, is examined in microcosm via one platoon's deployment in Afghanistan's dangerous Korengal Valley
A documentary so real and unflinching (and at times deeply frightening) that it's hard to watch, but it is one of those film experiences that you'll feel glad about getting through.
The unspoken idea behind Restrepo is that we can't just measure the effects of a war in terms of lives lost. The lives remaining count, too.
It's doubtful you'll ever see a combat documentary that channels the chaos of war as thoroughly as this one.
makes it clear that the prospect of being outnumbered 10-to-1 can turn any kid with a sense of self-preservation into a fine-tuned killing machine.
Getting to the end of this battalion's tour is a tense, unnerving experience, divorced from a conventional arc and immune from even the most clichéd comments: A soldier calls being under fire "like crack," and you nod vigorously.
The warrior drama unfolds organically, without artificial suspense.
If you're a fan of war movies, Restrepo puts you on the frontlines and impacts you in a way you won't soon forget what you've seen.
In-depth account of Army deployment in an Afghanistan hotspot shows soldiering at its most rugged.
Despite its remarkably intimate footage of war and loss, Sebastian Junger and Tim Hetherington's documentary suffers from the same problem as the ongoing U.S. drama in Afghanistan: a lack of narrative coherence.
Restrepo is, on its own terms, a stunning piece of work, but to get even more from it you should buy Junger's book, WAR, which expands on the footage we see.
U.S. soldiers try to establish a base of operations in Afghanistan's Korengal Valley. Rough-hewn documentary shows front-line fighting in vivid detail.
Visceral, immediate and experiential, this Afghan War documentary puts the viewers right in the midst of action
By standing beside their subjects under fire, the filmmakers bring you to your own jarring encounter with the stress, adrenalin and shock of combat. Should be mandatory viewing for every American.
Restrepo... gives you, as much as any film possibly can, a feel for what it is like to serve in a platoon deployed in combat.
Moving and extremely clear-sighted... will live long in the memory.


@highlight

Forsaking narrative structure for pure visceral power, Restrepo plunges viewers into the experiences of soldiers on the front lines of the Afghan War.