Sweetly neurotic countdown-to-the-prom captures teen life in South Florida.
Most proms don't involve choreographed dances, losers winning prom queen or cameos by famous bands. Bart Got A Room is a much needed believable look at the big night.
Hecker's film finds a charm that eludes most movies dependent on misplaced prostitutes, bedroom sex noises and male insecurities.
totally wacky, a rite-of-passage romp
When we get to the prom, the music sounds like nothing you'd ever hear at one. In fact, I'd be surprised if any actual teenagers in the year 2009 found any reference points in Bart Got a Room relevant to their own existence.
Here's something you don't see every day: a high-school comedy for old poops.
Bart Got A Room is an affectionately nuanced comedy of manners whose focus is first love and the navigation of complex relationships.
...rarely holds the viewer's interest in as rapt a manner as Hecker presumably intended.
The sweet, dizzy finale makes up for all the predictability before it.
Hines and Macy get some laughs, but the film itself feels insufficiently developed.
It's an inventive take on a story that we've heard a million times before.
While hardly the most novel of stories, what puts Bart Got a Room above the norm is a tight and charming screenplay and Hecker's way with mood and place.
A fresh and amusing teen comedy all about the anxiety of trying to find a date for the prom.
The sight of William H. Macy sporting a Jew-fro as a divorced dad trying to help his nerdy son score with a prom date is among the myriad delights in the gut-bustingly funny Bart Got a Room.
Bart Got a Room pulls you into its comically hyperbolic world of teen anxiety %u2013 and is solid enough for long enough to disappoint you in the end.
A teenage comedy with an old-fogy scent.
Kaplan has that lean, awkward look of a colt still finding its footing, which suits Danny, and he does a good job with giving his character the naiveté and desperation of a kid hoping to change what seems to be the "loser" setting of his life.
Writer/director Brian Hecker has an impressive grasp on his material, from the swinging soundtrack to the old-school setting.
Hecker's got a knack for teen misery, but he's aiming higher than beers-and-boobs moronity. What follows is excruciating excavated high school trauma
Big laughs, big heart, big teenage moments. Really understands high school and being young.
If nothing else, the film serves as a cringeworthy reminder to us all about what terrible people we were in high school.
With 19 producers, one wonders how many rich Floridians invested in what might be the year's most unambitious comedy.
A PG-13 rated teensploit that's actually for teenagers. What a novel idea!
Consists largely of nasty knocks against the fat, old, and Asian, all of whom are framed in cramped compositions that suggest the influence of Simpsons animation cells and Ulrich Seidl.
A more sentimental but no less geeky Superbad style crude-lite slice of burb teen life, with refreshing hormones-in-crisis humor. Not from the usual yearning for high school popularity 'it'hood, but the terror down below of bottom feeder teen exile.
Easily the best comedy I saw in 2008 and the first I can remember in years that I've wanted to immediately watch again.
The film is at its best when it is in observational mode
...A movie that has consistently entertained audiences on the festival circuit since its premiere at Tribeca in April.
Hecker has a firm grasp on editing for comic effect, and clearly knows how to use his actors to those ends.
A feather-light trifle.
Hecker has a firm grasp on editing for comic effect, and clearly knows how to use his actors to those ends.
It's alive, it's colorful, it's got well-written characters and more than a handful of memorable scenes
can't decide how irreverent it wants to be, and settles for a neither-here-nor-there attitude that, luckily, scores with a few genuine laughs
It's sort of ironic that the only demographic that'll appreciate this lame, watered-down brand of humor mirrors the community portrayed in the film: the elderly and infirm
Much sweeter and less raunchy than coming-of-agers such as Superbad or Slums of Beverly Hills, Bart's clever, PG-level innuendo is engaging and suitable for family viewing.
Bart has enough laughs to snare a distributor and decent-sized audiences.
An indie comedy done without excessive pretension or quirk.


@highlight

Just enough sweetness and good performances lighten up the high school-set tensions, creating a family-appropriate teen comedy.