The period setting has been captured to a tee; it's all red bricks, ghastly wallpaper, casual racism and cut-glass fruitbowls. Everything is viewed through a haze of cigarette smoke. It's little wonder the kids want out.
Gervais has come up with a surprisingly conservative coming-of-age comedy that shows very little of the satirical bite or formal daring of the TV shows that made his name.
As filmmakers, Gervais and Merchant find a rhythm technically that makes the fact they never find the balance between humor and heart that they've achieved in the past even more of a disappointment.
Gervais and Merchant's previous projects mastered the tightrope walk between comic cruelty and earnest drama. With Cemetery Junction, they waver wildly, unveiling some of their ugliest jokes and most saccharine emotional moments to date.
Beware the comic creators who decide they want to be taken "seriously."
A humble riff on the well-worn coming-of-age film. [Blu-ray]
Disappointing tale of '70s youngsters devoid of wit or insight.
It's a strange hybrid of a film, boasting loudmouth boorishness instead of wit, and fortune-cookie schmaltz instead of heart.
An unabashedly feel-good and identifiable crowdpleaser.
Cemetery Junction successfully creates a visual tone for itself, then, when it comes to dialogue and plot, it goes ahead to make a different film altogether.
There's a strong autobiographical tone to this British period drama, and the cast is very good. But by never focussing the story in a meaningful way, the film pales in comparison to its nearest predecessor, An Education.
While Remi Adefarasin's cinematography gives the picture a superficially cinematic sheen, this is essentially small-minded fare, unimaginative in its ambitions and clumsy in its execution.
This is a passable, mildly diverting, coming-of-age Brit-flick. Coming from the Gervais/Merchant stable though, it's a frustrating let-down after past successes.
A first feature that is far from perfect but has its heart in all the right places.
A romanticised but still truthful look at how difficult it is to cut the ties to the hometown of your childhood and actually strike out on your own...
It is entertaining as far as it goes, but it would have to be fully and Gervaisishly funny, or else fully nasty, vinegary and sad before everyone involved was, to coin a phrase, up the junction.
Where Cemetery Junction's strength lies is in its depiction of the relationship between three friends.
The plot ambles and Gervais and Merchant can't resist neatly tying up every loose end in a manner which strains credibility. Their dramatic crescendo is a mother pouring a cup of tea.
A coming-of-age story that is hilarious and heartfelt in equal measure.
Gervais and Merchant may offer less ambition or novelty than meet the eye, but being cosily shepherded to their feel-good destination never feels like drudgery.
Rather than an easy nostalgia-fest filled with flared trousers, Gervais and Merchant have captured a warm, funny and engaging coming-of-age drama, the like of which British cinema rarely delivers.
It's refreshing to see a mainstream British film with the ambition to strut its stuff on studio terms.
There are huge tracts of ineloquent dialogue while we wonder where the film is going.
It feels close to Gervais's heart, brimming with nostalgia for sunny days and japes with the lads.
Mean-spirited humour alternates with sentimental didacticism; sitcom jostles with melodrama; lazy shorthand is punctuated by explicitness.
This tale has been told so many times that it demands a spark of invention or originality to spice things up, but Cemetery Junction sticks slavishly to story conventions, with nothing new or imaginative to say about the subject.
It's far from Gervais's big-screen masterpiece but it gives you hope he's got one in him.
Gervais has crafted a comedy drama like the ones that led people to love him in the first place: relatable, heart-warming, and genuinely very very funny.
In its closing moments, Cemetery Junction is both youthfully optimistic and intelligently mature. But by then it's pretty much dead and buried.
A major disappointment, but not an entirely surprising one.
The three young leads are excellent, with Hughes, in particular, giving a stand-out performance that is certain to lead to greater things.
Stylishly cinematic ode to the dreams of youth and the will to escape the shackles that so relentlessly conspire to trap us in everything that is most limiting about our lives
A departure from Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant's painfully acute observational humour.
It's deftly written, unobtrusively directed and nicely acted, indicating Gervais (along with Merchant) does have a future as a film director after all.
Good looks, cool characters, great music. Gervais and Merchant's film is the most confident British debut since Shallow Grave.

@highlight

It fails to challenge the well-established conventions of its storyline, but Cemetery Junction benefits from the genuine warmth of its script, as well as its refusal to give in to cheap nostalgia.