... suffice it to say that there is little or no reason to see this film.
Eric Rohmer characters never get a vacation from their personality hang-ups. Strangely, they are still good company, thanks to the auteur's feather-light touch.
A piercingly funny work of indecision.
The film is a welcome tonic to the cinematic landfill that gets pushed into theatres this time of year.
[Rohmer] gives us a concept of time passed, of meals eaten, of travel and weather. In other words, these characters are talking about their lives while they live them, trying to figure it all out as it happens.
A Summer's Tale is one of those movies where it looks like nothing is happening ...
Few directors could say as much with as little as Eric Rohmer.
This one perfectly captures the promise of summer love, of flings that may not lead anywhere and probably weren't supposed to, practiced by young people who believe everything good lies ahead of them.
There's a purity to the experience of watching a film so naturalistic, like living in someone else's life for two hours.
It's one of Rohmer's finest, brimming with his usual mix of gorgeous locations and beautiful people caught up in romantic entanglements that challenge their misguided concepts of love.
The best films leave space for viewers to interpret the action. Here Rohmer insists on it.
This is a movie of high innocence, set at a time in life when romantic love is still a frolic and the seaside is a balm that quells all ills.
...an easygoing sort of film. Rohmer takes his time getting where he's going. His is a measured gait, however, not just narrative meandering.
Astute, unhurried and gently amusing, it will be welcomed by the director's fans while serving as a fine introduction for those who know him not.
The world turns, the sun rises and sets, and the ocean's waves splash on idyllic beaches in Eric Rohmer's "A Summer's Tale."
For all his seeming facility with the opposite sex, Gaspard is really a romantic idiot. And aren't we all, Rohmer suggests.
The fresh-faced actors, realistic dialogue and naturalistic performances suggest a casual approach, but as the story progresses, the filmmaker's control is increasingly evident.
If it lacks its predecessor's subtlety and depth, it compensates with its own abundance of more immediate pleasures.
Wise, honest, breezy, witty and profound, A Summer's Tale is an intellectually and emotionally rewarding date movie for sophisticated couples.
It's a complex character study that reveals how little we can know of someone through conversation, as conversation often changes the way we both perceive and portray our sense of who we are.
Originally released in 1996 in France (but never before in the U.S.), Eric Rohmer's sun-kissed love quadrangle remains as fresh and romantically profound as it was 18 years ago.
Despite its googly-eyed missive to the power of romance fueling confidence and comfort, A Summer's Tale is most salient when addressing the bonds of friendship.
Rohmer had an almost uncanny knack for using the mercurial predilections of the young as a launching pad for smart but not oppressive philosophical observations.
"A Summer's Tale" has room to focus on Rohmer's brilliance at revealing human nature through articulate, multidimensional characters, perfectly cast, who in some ways seem to exist outside of time.
The seasons, summer especially, are so atmospheric and weighted with many good associations and memories, all of which makes A Summer's Tale a nice cinematic diversion for any season.
Discovering that there's a 1996 movie by Eric Rohmer that's only now making it into U.S. theaters is like finding a $20 bill in an old pair of pants.
Think of it as a thriller by Hitchcock-a Rohmer favorite-only with words, not knives, that cut straight to the heart.
An emotionally rich tale with lots of tasty talk about the way men and women deal with each other, knowingly or otherwise.
A Summer's Tale feels like a great beach read of a movie, that deceptively slender paperback you tuck into your luggage because it's substantial without weighing much.
[It's] as if the director had been awaiting for half a century the artistry with which to exorcise his memories of embarrassment, pain, and sexual frustration.
A Summer's Tale is vintage Eric Rohmer, his most richly satisfying film in a number of outings.
Poupaud may come off as callow and timid... but Rohmer seems to suggest that his youthful mistakes will make him a better man, a typically generous, hopeful, and convincing sentiment in a disarmingly winning film.
The third, sunniest and funniest of Rohmer's seasonal tales.
A beautiful and bittersweet romantic comedy from the evergreen French writer/director.
Rohmer has made an enjoyable comedy from this slight story.
The typically Rohmeresque talk, talk, talk is fetchingly photographed, though, and acted with unassuming charm by a fresh young cast. It's minor fun.
Demonstrates French writer and director Eric Rohmer's penchant for exploring all the nuances of dating and sexual politics.
Those who are patient enough to persevere through the seemingly endless rambling conversations will catch snippets of intelligent repartee that make the film interesting and worthwhile.
At the age of 76, filmmaker Eric Rohmer probably has a better understanding of young love than most young lovers do.
A delightful document on the dilemmas of young lurve -- all courtesy of a filmmaker belying his 76 years.
Curiously haunting, this film, yet it defies easy labels.
It's always a delight to see the latest installment in Eric Rohmer's decades-long sequence of talky, almost actionless pictures about the romantic and ethical dilemmas of young French people.
It's the kind of vaguely philosophical travelogue/not-exactly-love story audiences are virtually guaranteed to find either exotically fascinating or utterly interminable.




@highlight

With A Summer's Tale , Eric Rohmer continues his "Tales of the Four Seasons" in typically Rohmeresque fashion -- and for cineastes, that's excellent news indeed.