I applaud its take-no-prisoners mentality, accurately embellished teen clichés, and ability to elicit some chuckles.
With all the makings of a future cult classic, All Cheerleaders Die is an infectiously fun, razor-sharp romp that feels right at home amongst its high school horror peers.
A funny, smart, and subversive satire about the way women are often objectified in horror films. Only not boring, like that description is.
As is often the best advice, rent Heathers instead.
Young, far-from-dumb and full of comeuppances.
It ultimately succumbs to the conventions it's attempting to lambast.
[The directors have] way too much fun gruesomely dispatching the female characters who have suddenly lost all of the pluck, humour, and cheerleading spirit they spent the first hour attempting to instill in them.
What keeps the movie energetic and resounding comes down to the astute performances from its actresses and the almost aching reality they bring to a premise both silly and ultimately tragic. Whether they're dead or not, growing up can be hell.
Some have seen this movie as a sly satire on the lowly roles of women in horror films, but at the same time, it's actually a horror movie about women occupying those same roles.
A gruesome, expletive-laced, battle-of-the-sexes satire of the scary movie genre featuring enough eroticized gore and titillation at every turn to hold the attention of the testosterone-fueled demographic for the duration.
The tone shifts as unpredictably as the soundtrack, which goes from a bang to a whisper and back again for no apparent reason.
Within the first hour All Cheerleaders Die cycles from indie romance, to feminist polemic, to genuine horror, to horror satire, to titillating B-picture. But somehow, this film coheres.
Much of the plot swerves to completely unpredictable places, and even if the result isn't always successful, it's never boring.
All Cheerleaders Die offers everything you'd expect from a horror flick with this title, but slow, bumpy pacing and underdeveloped characters make it ultimately forgettable.
With all the finesse of a bullhorn that sprays noise and blood, "All Cheerleaders Die" shows just how difficult it is to pump life into the shopworn teen horror-comedy genre.
Shot with a camera as excited as a squirrel-chasing dog, "Cheerleaders" has a girls-gone-wild energy and a twisted sense of humor.
While there are some effective moments early on - especially when Maddy confronts star player Terry (a suitably charming yet threatening Tom Williamson) - [the film] sinks under the weight of predictable plotting and cheap special effects.
A highly enjoyable horror comedy with its heart in the right place, and its flesh in the right stomachs.
All Cheerleaders Die began as a lo-fi video feature 13 years ago and weirdly, the inspirational rah-rah seemed to have stopped right there.
This would-be cult movie looks the part, but has little going on inside.
Essentially the very thing it wants to make fun of.
All Cheerleaders Die actually delivers as much trashy, gory fun as a movie with such a title suggests.
The characters are cartoonish, the pacing is bumpy and the plot illogical. Does this matter? Probably not to the film's target demographic, assuming there is still an audience for knowingly trashy semi-spoof horror comedies.
Even for those most receptive to the tongue-in-cheek tone here, McKee and Silvertson's in-joke will likely rate just middling on the scale of subversive hilarity.
Frontloaded with a surprising amount of plot, the film takes forever to get going, but it's the filmmakers' hypocrisy that really grates.
A twisted and very entertaining horror comedy with eye candy, great special effects, and excellent potential for a follow up.
[The film] attempts to combine the dark high-school comedy of Heathers with a calamitous fusion of witchcraft and zombie tropes. It's every bit as sloppy as it sounds.
What happened to Lucky McKee?
A possible cult classic in the making. Its nice to see a movie, especially of the horror genre, where the ladies are the smart and strong characters.
Funny in its satire, inventive in its horror, and devilishly satisfying in its theme. There ain't nothing like it, as they say, and that makes it a very special bit of horror cinema.
It's how this fury interacts with lighter material that poses a problem, with McKee and Sivertson perhaps too entranced with their own creation to fully appreciate how uneven it is.
All Cheerleaders Die mixes a dash of Mean Girls, a pinch of Bring It On, and a heaping helping of witchy horror to conjure one fun-filled dark comedy.
...an unwatchable horror effort that's just never as fun as its title might've indicated.
There's plenty to enjoy - smart one-liners, nifty shocks and one truly unsettling confrontation in a cemetery - but nothing to give Joss Whedon a run for his money
Twists the high-school revenge story into feminist black magic.
For all the grim fatalism of its title (well, apart from the 'cheerleaders' bit), this is a very funny film - a darkly irreverent joyride through the angst and sexual complication of the teen years, with added zombies, magic and freaky CG gore.

@highlight

All Cheerleaders Die sets out to subvert horror tropes, but ends up falling victim to many of the same trashy cliches it's trying to mock.