Donald Petrie, director of Miss Congeneallity... simply couldn't tie up enough loose threads to create a comedy with substance. [Full review in Spanish]
With its portrait of cranky, uninterested tourists, rowdy Aussies, fat Yanks, dingy hotels, shady merchants and busted buses, Ruins feels like somebody's personal vendetta against the travel industry.
A cloying romantic comedy.
As a tour guide, Georgia rates as "average," as a movie star Vardalos rates much the same.
The story is loaded with cliches and weak characters that are simply too annoying to handle.
My Big Fat Greek Coach Full of Clichés.
Vardalos is fine, but Petrie and writer Mike Reiss yoke her to an ossified formula in which various national stereotypes (and the character actors who play them) embarrass themselves in bazaars and at Greek temples.
A less than Homeric odyssey.
Leave it to Hollywood to take a bad idea and make it terrible.
Nia Vardalos is as charming and watchable as ever but this is cliche ridden fluff.
Hollywood doesn't know what to do with difference, any more than it does with ruins. It's about time Vardalos, or someone, gave the suits a guided tour.
As the end of the road finally draws near, you'll need to pull over and throw up.
Feels like its been churned out by some auto-plot generator.
Feeble romantic comedy.
The film and all its characters are as tacky and charmless at the end as they are on first impressions.
While Vardalos does her big fat best to keep it fresh, the duff characters and uninspired direction make Greece look as appealing as a week-old kebab.
Vardalos' peppy charm and the postcard scenery make for pleasant diversions, but there's no getting away from the script's mawkishness.
It's a bit like ouzo: seems like fun at the time but you'll no doubt regret it in the morning.
It's like Mamma Mia! without the songs, wit and charm, or Shirley Valentine after a full frontal lobotomy.
Turgid, sappy and utterly failing to utilise a cast including Richard Dreyfuss, it's bad enough to make you smash plates over your own head.
The film is sweet and has a jolly holiday feel but is sadly let down by Nia's unfunny acting.
Think of Shirley Valentine and take away charm, wit, realism and Pauline Collins.
Might as well be called My Big Fat Greek Package Holiday.
This laboured romantic comedy has little to recommend it beyond the picture-postcard locations.
Think Carry On without the sophisticated humour or enlightened views on foreign stereotyping.
What a comforting fable to warm us as the evenings draw in. Away with cynicism! Enjoy if you can. The cast look as if they did.
This mess - henceforth to be known as My Big Fat Greek Tragedy - is the most embarrassing thing to come out of the Eastern Med since Prince Philip.
I suspect unless it's seen for a grannies' night out, you'll likely think it really is a load of Poupi Kakas.
Vardalos' charming and likeable presence ensures that this is just about watchable, but it's painfully unfunny and the script is full of horrible cliches and lazy stereotypes.
While there are some witty observations along the way, this tourism rom-com is so resolutely unromantic and unfunny that it feels like a package holiday during which you have to share a hotel room with the group clown.
Vardalos doesn't help her case by making her big screen comeback in something so sitcom-level.
The words 'Starring Richard Dreyfuss' are a deal-breaker in my books, and it took a good 30 minutes after seeing them to unclench and enjoy My Life in Ruins.
Petrie, who handled slapstick with ease in Miss Congeniality, has lost his timing with this one. There's none of the blithely nonsensical spirit that infuses the atmosphere when actors are enjoying themselves.
Every character encountered is cookie-cutter, every romance predictable, every punch line older than Richard Dreyfuss' Yoda-like character looks.
Tired and cliche-ridden, saved only by the authentic scenery, with the movie allowed unprecedented access to sites in Greece such as The Acropolis.
The film contains a constant stream of lowbrow gags and pratfalls as Georgia lurches her way towards happiness, romance and a secure job in the Grecian tourist trade. It's lightweight, inoffensive fluff.
The main attraction of the film is visiting some of the great sites of Greece.
The film feels slighter than its hugely successful predecessor.
My Big Fat Greek Disaster as the familiar sights of mainstream romcoms are presented in a terrible, uninspired tour.
We almost get to care about Georgia's fate, if it weren't for the fact that none of the film rings true and real
There's no denying Nia Vardalos' appeal as the stitched up Greek tour guide lacking in people skills who discovers there is romance in more than classical history, but it is all too simplistic and contrived
A subtext of self-criticism runs through Vardalos's material. Over and over characters tell her, "You're not funny. Stop trying." Is it a sort of apology to the audience?
If much of the inane beginning had been re-worked, "Life"could have been a much better film.
Here's another sexed-up TV movie that has hit the big screen, mostly because of the name recognition of its two major stars.
...it's hard to like the movie as much as you might wish.
An aggressively awful opening 20 minutes gives way to over-the-top characterizations and an increasingly wan series of bits aping film moments we've all seen before, executed with more grace and charm.
As a laughing-through-tears jokester tourist, Richard Dreyfuss provides the only moments of real acting, as opposed to overacting, mugging, and scenery chomping.
Pleasant but overly predictable travel comedy OK for teens.
That they should learn Greek dancing from a Mexican-born actor in a film produced by 20th Century Fox is somehow less ironic than just about right for a movie like this.
Nia Vardalos is a charmer but this movie with Greece as the backdrop is no 'Greek Wedding'
[A] steaming pile of stereotypes and sitcomery, a pathetic excuse for a comedy, a romance, and a movie.
It doesn't feel genuine at all, it feels contrived from start to finish.
You know precisely where it's headed and how it will get there halfway into Act One.
The shaving of a beard changes a bus driver from Sasquatch to Fabio in this sitcom-style romantic wish-fulfillment fantasy for women.
"My Life in Ruins" is a stellar romantic comedy where ancient history and love meet.
As a travelogue of Greece, it's swell but the script feels like a warmed-over episode of "The Love Boat".
My Life in Ruins is as relentlessly chipper as its star.
Could lightning strike (Vardalos) twice?? Afraid not.
Unfortunately, Nia Vardalos's cleverly titled comedic vehicle is too filled with cheesy feta and, therefore, falters.
Parental Content Review
The title pun -- Vardalos plays Georgia, a tour guide who shows people ancient Greek ruins -- is as clever as it gets
Women (and men, for that matter) deserve better escapist fare than this feeble attempt at romantic comedy.
It's merely one big fat Greek disaster.
It's too bad My Life in Ruins fails so miserably at the macro level, because there are some good moments at the micro level.
My Life in Ruins will neither ruin nor change nor significantly impact your life.
Defiantly square and focus-group engineered to appeal to those harboring a soft spot for "My Big Fat Greek Wedding," the Nia Vardalos vehicle My Life in Ruins doesn't do Greece or its star many favors.
If only there was something -- anything -- else about this broad, clunky comedy to keep its name from being an oh-so-obvious punchline.
Notably thinner, less awkward and a lot less charming, Vardalos is back with My Life in Ruins, a desperate, crass and probably futile attempt at replicating the earlier movie's fluke success.
The movie ambles lazily when it ought to soar.
The iconic ruins of Greece are photographed in a way that will likely inspire a lot of people to get on a plane; Vardalos looks luminous in every shot and manages to stay graceful while dealing with material that's beneath her.
Vardalos is charming.
Half the time I wanted everyone to shut up so I could hear the tour guide lecture on the Temple of Hephaestus, or wherever. Then I wanted them to shut up so I could sleep.
'Ruins' is indeed an apt descriptor for this picture.
Fans of fluff comedies filled with soft smiles and knowing glances will likely welcome the return of Nia Vardalos in My Life in Ruins.
For those craving a baklava-sweet snack, here's your rush of the familiar. It's the rest of us who must worry about a spike in our blood sugar.
Some lame gay-baiting adds ugliness to the wretched proceedings.
A romantic comedy that bathes in clichés before rinsing off with sentimentality and spritzing itself with lame jokes. The result is, alas, a bit whiffy.
Once those gags run out, however, the film slowly drags itself back on track, finding just enough traction in a handful of earnest moments -- all involving Richard Dreyfuss -- to help audiences forget how awful it had been at the start.
If the main character in a movie is going to be a pill, it's wise to cast an actor as engaging as Nia Vardalos.
The simple charms of My Big Fat Greek Wedding, the 2002 small movie that thrust Vardalos into the limelight, are nowhere to be found in this formulaic, weak chuckler.
[A] measly little picture.
My Life in Ruins plays out more like a thuddingly bad, been-there, seen-that sitcom. Even the sight of breathtaking ancient monuments don't keep it from crumbling.
In fashioning a comeback for Vardalos, writer Mike Reiss has cribbed much from her Greek Wedding playbook.
It's a movie that gets better as it chugs along, depending on your patience level.
Actress Nia Vardalos traipses through the same ethnic minefield that she did in My Big Fat Greek Wedding, but with less explosive results.
For a movie filled with cliches, the laughs happen so frequently that you are able to forget about the fact that you have seen this movie a billion times before.
Together, Vardalos and Dreyfuss distract us from how manufactured, forced and reliant on national stereotypes and cultural clichés the film is. Barely.
You watch a movie this painfully flat and you want to start assigning blame...Let's just say that comedy is the victim, not the victor, in this film.
With stale 1970s-style sitcom humor, My Life in Ruins has none of the homey authenticity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
Through it all, Vardalos is a trouper, with a distinctive screen presence and delayed-reaction timing.
This paint-by-numbers romantic comedy is chock-a-block with jokey stereotypes -- Americans are obnoxious, Canadians polite, and the Greeks just dance -- yet lacking in any real drama.
Vardalos huffs that the culture that made her a millionaire is made of slackers, molesters and thieves.
POUPI KAKAS! DOUDI KAKAS! Did you say them out loud? That's funny stuff, right?
Deploringly lame.
Its heart does not make up for its lack of smarts. Sorry, Nia. Really, we are.
...a hopelessly corny romantic comedy that boasts a myriad of jokes and gags that wouldn't pass muster on the hackiest of sitcoms.
My Life in Ruins is as torturously mediocre as Wedding was winning, an unending collection of hackneyed stereotypes.
You think the tour bus driver will turn out to be handsome so that Georgia can recover her mojo? Right! You think it will make the movie entertaining? Wrong!
This supposed comedy is full of big, fat Greek stereotypes, crude sexual references and jokes, and some even-more-questionable humor.
The folks responsible for My Big Fat Greek Wedding have made My Life in Ruins, a second cute, shoddy-looking movie.
A quasi-sequel to My Big Fat Greek Wedding that shamelessly recycles the sitcom-and-schmaltz formula of Vardalos' breakthrough hit.
Nia Vardalos is the new Yakov Smirnoff
Not a big departure from what Vardalos has done in the past, but there is less cloying artifice this time around, in a romantic comedy where the love story takes a backseat to the more meaningful tale of a lost woman coming into her own as a person.
This shambles of a romantic comedy ends up mostly as a trip to comedy hell.
Greek Wedding wasn't high art, or even high comedy, but it had a semblance of charm ... Ruins is just a wreck.
My Life in Ruins comes close to being a Greek tragedy, but the actors never let the film die.
The best thing I can say about My Life in Ruins, a forced comedy about a woman finding love in the Greek isles, is that there's no ABBA.
The bland cinematography fits with the unimaginative script and the drab direction of Petrie.
Rarely has a film centered on a character so superficial and unconvincing, played with such unrelenting sameness. I didn't hate it so much as feel sorry for it.
It's one thing to poke fun of stereotypical Greek behavior, but it's another to bitch about the tourists who clog the already varicose-thin Athenian streets.
As bubbly a talent as Vardalos is, Ruins is profoundly nauseating, and grows increasingly repellent the more it pushes to charm. Greece deserves a better travelogue than this, and a better spokeswoman than Nia Vardalos.
Lovely scenery...stuck in a sub-sitcom script. Some of these group tours are really the pits.
My Life in Ruins is a middle-aged Hallmark chick flick that makes you wish you were on a Greek vacation (and not, in fact, watching the movie).
Vardalos will never go broke playing it Greek and playing it safe for her fans. But that's no way for an actress to find her kefi.
Substitute "career" for "life" in the title of this stillborn travelogue comedy, and you'll have a succinct verdict on My Big Fat Greek Wedding writer/star Nia Vardalos.
So why did I have such a good time at such a spectacularly middling movie? Nia Vardalos.
It feels like an uncomfortable parade of Borscht belt gags and lame stereotypes.
Embarrassingly bad. Will kill Greece tourism. A torturous bore.
In this utterly formulaic romantic comedy, even Greece's gorgeous sites and Vardalos' mildly appealing persona can't compensate for the pile of national stereotypes and cultural cliches (stuffy Brits, boozy Aussies, loudmouthed Yanks).
click to read the full review
What you wind up with is a comedy in ruins with the one exception of Richard Dreyfus, who plays a widowed jokester with such class and warmth, you can almost start liking American tourists again. Almost.
The film has the feel of a vaudeville show, with a series of stock characters entering and exiting, hamming for the camera as they go.
Nia Vardalos, whose breakthrough came with the smash indie stunner My Big Fat Greek Wedding, again carries her lead role, but this vehicle feels far more manufactured and forced.
It's not that this premise is so altogether improbable -- what tourist hasn't bonded with strangers while sharing close quarters in a foreign land? -- but that it feels tired from the start.

@highlight

With stereotypical characters and a shopworn plot, My Life in Ruins is a charmless romantic comedy.