O estilo mockumentary confere charme a esta animação, que também se beneficia da dublagem perfeita de Bridges e de uma técnica impressionante (a animação de fluidos é fabulosa).
Not a comedy tsunami, just consistent ripples of laughs and good vibes.
The [filmmakers were] hard-pressed to come up with enough story for even an old-time six-minute cartoon short.
This is not just another penguin movie.
I'm still waiting for animation to go beyond talking animals and simplistic premises with almost take away value. I guess I'll have to sit on the fence with this one...
I was prepared to bash another penguin movie for hopping on the bandwagon, but this one adds enough for me to put those worries to rest.
Surf's Up belongs to that refreshing group of animated films that suffuse enough adult humor to bypass the children's radar but hit mom and dad right in the funny bone.
Creating the Big Lebowski of Antarctic waterfowl is just one of many inspired touches to this warmly funny romp. It more than makes up for the fact that Surf's Up missed the crest of the wave in penguin flicks.
Kids will dive into penguin adventure, dude.
ena periorismenon dynatotiton kinoymeno, poy kanei ayto akribos poy yposhetai, horis polla-polla
It's fun for a while, but the script doesn't have the structure to sustain 85 minutes.
The American CGI-animated Surf's Up is a treat.
Wipeout! Surf's Up is terrific entertainment for all the family.
I commend Ash Brannon and Chris Buck's animated film, especially to those who have not yet reached the age of 10.
ntertainingly presented as a mockumentary a la Best in Show, this CG caper is ideal if you have time to krill.
The real reason Surf's Up is so aggravating is that it's more concerned with sucking up to adults than it is to enchanting their children.
A happy 85 minutes, although it might have been a teensy bit happier, banishing all hint of repetition, at 75.
Cranked out to an hour and a half, it had me flapping my arms in irritation.
The animated super-fluffiness and soppy storyline make Surf's Up a film all the family can enjoy.
Yet another preposterous penguin animation.
After Potter, Spidey, Pirates and The Simpsons, a small contender surfs in from out of nowhere to steal the title of THE family film of 2007.
This isn't an unpleasant experience, and may well appeal to small children, but the first 20 minutes promised much better.
If the summer holidays find you with hatchlings to entertain and time to kill, this is definitely worth checking out...
Enjoyable, superbly animated comedy with likeable characters and an original approach to the story.
A charming computer cartoon, lifted by Bridges' Lebowski-like performance and a truly funny mockumentary framework.
It still offers 85 minutes of spirited, satirical amusement.
From the beautiful rendering of water imagery to the lively expressions of the characters faces, "Surf's Up" manages to skirt what could have sunk it--familiarity.
The surprise is that it's a pretty amusing movie.
The movie has an engaging story ...and some tasty waves. What else do you need in the summertime?
basically Riding Giants meets Happy Feet: an animated penguin flick with the goofy structure of a mockumentary
Best when it maintains the documentary conceit . . . brilliant tones and shades of lighting . . . the board scenes unfurl in the best surfing movie tradition.
Despite, the penguins, it's different from those other two bird films. Surf's Up plays on film techniques, and is shot tongue-in-cheek as a documentary. Good humor.
The humor is sophisticated enough for adults to enjoy and, while there's plenty of cool and cute stuff for the kids, we are thankfully spared any juvenile, obnoxious musical sequences with wisecracking animals bursting into song.
Penguin lovers, rejoice. Your favorite flightless fowl have returned in what just might be one of the more innovative animated films to grace the multiplex in recent years.
An original take on the material makes it feel surprisingly fresh. Until it settles into the standard formula.
'Happy Feet' is a movie about penguins and 'Finding Nemo' is a movie about fish, but 'Surf's Up' is about SURFERS -- the project's penguinness seems more opportunistic than necessary.
It's probably not the kind of animated adventure that's going to garner Oscar talk, but it's a good-hearted, old-fashioned, family-friendly tale.
It doesn't quite hang ten, but at least it doesn't hang itself.
Bridges' vocal performance is delightful, sort of the Big Lebowski meets Goofy (which isn't much of a stretch, come to think of it).
Packs a lot of wit (although few big laughs) and a fair amount of sentiment (although nothing too gooey) into 85 minutes that work equally for kids and adults.
Seems like a personal project compromised with the need in the United States for animation to be for children.
Visually, the film is stunning in its ability to simulate waves and surfing.
A mildly diverting, mildly entertaining, mildly accomplished little movie You may notice that the operative word here is 'mild.'
There's a lot of potential in the early scenes, but it's lost once everyone arrives for the competition.
Bops along to its own relaxed rhythm.
One of the summer's most welcome surprises... Bursting with imagination, charm, and a genuine sense of fun.
The mockumentary format of Surf's Up proves entertaining and gives the film a savvier spin than if the story had been told in a straightforward manner.
The characters here could just as easily have been cute animated kitty cats, or cute animated amoebas, or cute animated pencils -- or hell, even cute animated homo sapiens -- and this flick would tell the precise same story.
I had a blast watching this light-and-breezy comedy masquerading as an ESPN-style documentary feature.
It's refreshing to see a kids' movie that entertains in an almost classic fashion, although there's not much to capture the interest of adults.
Even if you've never been on a surfboard, you'll want to paddle out to this one.
A solid, enjoyable family film...Surf's Up can be enjoyed by kids and grown-ups alike, so long as you aren't sick and tired of penguins by now.
...surprise, Surf's Up turns out to be a small winner, a cute animal animation that works its surfer world with offbeat humor.
Laid-back and meandering.
The abundance of schmaltz that plagued Happy Feet is thankfully missing here, though the movie does make sure to shoehorn in the obligatory flatulence gags.
If you have to see one penguin movie, this is it.
Surf's Up shoots you right through the tube.
The designers behind Surf's Up give the film a warmth that's often missing from today's computer-dominated animation; the water sequences are especially impressive and beautiful.
It's not the best, most original or tightly plotted animated film to come down the pike, but I had an undeniably good time watching it.
Cowabunga, dudes. Summer officially begins and as surfer bird movies go this one hangs a perfect 10.
Not exactly awash in cleverness, but it is good clean fun for the family.
Cute, good-hearted, occasionally clever, ecofriendly and almost fart-joke-free.
Surf's Up is quite surprisingly good, going for the subtle chuckle where Happy Feet opted for show-stopping spectacle.
Surf's Up is actually a pretty funny and sophisticated comedy. It's relentlessly playful and imaginative in the vein of "Toy Story," while keenly observant about comic nuances of behavior and bubbling over with neurotic dialogue.
The movie has just as much in common with This Is Spinal Tap or even Dogtown and Z-Boys as the cutesy and formulaic films that typically get churned out this time of year.
Cartoonishly surging with liquid color, digital waves and jokes that even include gefilte fish, Surf's Up never forgets to have fun.
The faux-documentary angle is pretty nifty. So is the animation.
It's cool, man. But don't be surprised if you wish it was funnier, dude.
The animation is fine, the voice work is well-cast and well-directed (with a special nod to the always-wonderful Bridges) and Surf's Up is modestly entertaining.
Overly long and often listlessly paced.
Surf's Up! has a jokey-serious tone that engages both children and adults.
Guess what. It's pretty good. Fast, funny, nicely animated, and -- gasp -- it's not a sequel! In fact, you could almost call it original.
The first delightful surprise among the summer blockbusters. Beautifully animated, terrifically acted and edited in a way that hilariously mimics those Endless Summer surf documentaries, it will amuse kids and flat-out tickle adults.
What makes Surf's Up stand out is its look and texture.
The jaunty sports story contains colorful characters, witty wisecracks and kinetic surf scenes. It's refreshing to see an animated family film that doesn't look like it was made on autopilot.
Maybe the next penguin flick will do more justice to the subject. How about going all grindhouse in Lesbian Vampire Penguins of the SS?
Many of the riffs in the mock documentary might be lost on little tykes, but the film's feel-good message of perseverance, friendship and finding your own wave should be enjoyed by all.
The gentle lesson it imparts is similar to last summer's Cars, but it's delivered with less fuss and more cool. And those beautiful, blue waves ... you could lose yourself and hang 10 on them in an endless summer.
It has the meticulously hyper-real textures and breathtaking vistas we have come to expect from CGI. But clever use of focus and angles and interaction with the 'documentary' cameramen make it seem more intimate, less like a bunch of pixels.
The consistently funny, CG-animated surfing penguins movie Surf's Up is certainly offbeat.
The film's tubular visuals and sun-struck philosophizing celebrate the sport while spoofing its disciples, mixing B-grade potty humor and totally-like-fried-chicken gags with faux interviews a la Christopher Guest.
Surf's Up is that rarity in a children's movie, a comedy that's actually exciting. Watching the penguins ride inside the tube of a wave, or plunge under the surface, you may find yourself wanting to cheer.
May be the best penguin movie yet.
Marred by sudden dead spots and afflicted with a few alarming fits of double entendre inappropriateness.
If its tale of a teenage penguin who follows his dream of becoming a great surfing champion weren't tired enough, Surf's Up compounds its lack of inventiveness by styling itself as a 'mockumentary,' another gimmick as surfed out as a Florida beach.
Fresh, funny, inventive and engaging. Dang if those dumb little birds didn't find a movie that lets them be cuddly animals with human problems, an animated flick whose anthropomorphism is appealing rather than appalling.
Sorry, cynics, Surf's Up is a charmer. And if the birds look somewhat familiar, they have something fresh to say about friendship and what winning is all about.
The fact that LaBeouf can read a line like, 'Winners find a way no matter what' -- and not sound corny -- is emblematic of what makes Surf's Up such an enjoyable ride.
The originality of the documentary format coupled with the splendid CGI effects qualifies Surf's Up as not just another penguin movie.
Between the breezy surfer culture and insider references, Surf's Up is the most colorful of the penguin 'toons to date, both figuratively and literally.
There's nothing really wrong with Surf's Up ... but there's nothing spectacular about it, either.
Hollywood's latest attempt to capitalize on penguin appreciation features a forgettable plot, fountains of toilet humor and enough surfing scenarios to make a viewer seasick.
Not enough wit for parents and not enough action and comedy for kids.
Surf's Up is so ingenious and fresh, and features such truly awesome CGI, that another summer with penguins is genuinely welcomed.
easy to look at, yet the storyline and gags are half-baked. Whenever things quiet down... the filmmakers feel obligated to trot out burping, flatulence or jokes about substances that belong in the toilet.
But seriously - enough with the penguins already.
A pleasant and entertaining animated film that salutes those who believe that winning isn't all it's cracked up to be.
...and there's that perennial "winning isn't everything" theme that runs throughout the picture, which is kind of hypocritical.
Every so often an unpretentious little charmer darts ahead of the pack of big, over-hyped, over-long, resistance-is-futile summer blockbusters lumbering into multiplexes. This one is as refreshing as an ice cream cone after a hot day.
...a good old-fashioned cartoon -- all right, it's computer animated -- that is primarily interested in making us laugh.
Surf's Up has a friendly, blue-collar vibe and some sly, low-key humor.
The actors get some good mileage out of the material (especially Bridges, turning up The Dude mojo to maximum), and the water images certainly pack a punch, but I still couldn't shake the over-familiar vibes emanating from this thing's every move.
An overall hodgepodge of good ideas, bad ideas, and hit-and-miss execution.
Believe it or not, surfing penguins are much less annoying than you might imagine.
Cody's search for his inner dude has produced a dud
Surf's Up delivers the early summer escapist fun that kids and parents are looking for, and that's all that can really be asked of it.
Nothing about the movie marks it as one for the ages, but it's a pleasant and amusing enough way to spend a 'Shrek'-free afternoon.
It's the first time in a long time where I felt like I was watching a story unfold instead of a commercial for future sequels and merchandising.
The novelty wears off almost immediately, leaving this a real chore to watch; there's something bizarre about low-budget spontaneity being replicated in such a labor-intensive medium.
From the nondescript voices to routine animation to an over-written story, this movie spends much of its time gasping for air.
Surf's Up has its own peculiar, loose-knit kind of charm.
It just stands out in a crowded field of tacky also-rans by being a reasonably acceptable, more or less non-obnoxious way to spend an hour and a half.
Fresh, funny and full of laid-back charm.
In addition to being pretty, Surf's Up is pretty funny. Too often, animated films go for big-name actors instead of actors who are right for their parts, but Surf's Up has a great cast.
A fairly amusing bit of lightweight family-friendly entertainment.
The film's vibe could only be described as 'sun-baked.' Some kids' movies don't try very hard, and you resent the laziness. This one doesn't try too hard, but its offhandedness is a break from the usual manic Over the Hedge-y attack.
This ride doesn't take you anywhere new, but the moves are cool and the waves are impressive.
The actors broke precedent by recording their scenes side by side, adding an energetic improv vibe missing from most animated features. Surf's Up isn't the Big Kahuna, but it's far from a wipeout.
It's harmless fun and a welcome alternative to Shrek the Third.
There's a troubling reliance on flatulence and scatological humor, as well as inside jokes that even some adults may not understand.
It's an old story, but [the directors] infuse it with terrific wit and energy, structuring Surf's Up like a mock documentary and doing a remarkable job of approximating vintage film stock. It's cool but not too cool, and cute but not too cute.
If you have to see another penguin blockbuster, you could do worse than this loose-limbed charmer.
As evanescent as sea foam. Greater effort has been directed toward its marine visuals, which are truly lovely but should support a stronger story and more memorable characterizations.
Takes a swell idea and then wastes it on a forgettable plot and one-dimensional characters.
Too laid-back to really boogie--as if it prefers sipping pina coladas to catching waves--and not funny enough to compensate for merely average animation.
A benign but often lifeless mockumentary offering familiar "be yourself" platitudes for kids.
A spry, animated surfing-doc send-up, complete with dull-headed surfer dudes, cannibal birds and a reject from Chicken Run.
You owe it to yourself to see Surf's Up if only to admire the skill with which it has been made.
The central joke - and major appeal - of Surf's Up is that the picture doesn't seem to realize its stars are penguins.
Don't worry, the laughs make up for the lame premise.
What's black and white and brings in the green?
Just a middling entry in the tidal wave of computer-animated pictures that have been engulfing theatres over the last few years.
As formulas go, the movie, team-written and -directed, sneaks in more tubular charm than the average adult ticket buyer might expect -- or that very young attendees might appreciate.
Cleverly told from the perspective of a reality-show film crew on hand to tell the story behind the Penguin World Surfing Championships, the film cuts a curl of brisk family fun.
Kids won't get Surf's Up, and adults--at least fans of Riding Giants--may smell a con.
A movie made for people who think dogs playing poker is funny.
Told in a surfer's laid-back style, Surf's Up is an easy to enjoy animated movie.
The kids won't know how terrific Surf's Up is.
Surfing penguins make for radical fun for young children.
Just when parents managed to calm their tap-dancing tots, along comes another animated penguin pic -- this time featuring South Pole fowl who surf.






@highlight

Surf's Up is a laid back, visually stunning animated movie that brings a fresh twist to some familiar conventions. Its witty mockumentary format is fun and inventive, and the CGI is breathtakingly realistic.