If "The Commitments" shows the gritty, robust side of Dublin and the Irish music scene, "Once" shows us a softer, more romantic side.
At once delicate and gritty, wistful and deeply satisfying.
So this is how you make a low-budget musical these days!
There is much to admire about Once, in a little-movie-that-could kind of way, but it can't help but get in its own way just when it begins to gain some momentum
In an era when Hollywood has largely lost the ability to distinguish between romance and sex, Once is the rare film that recognizes that love is no less love for being held in check, it is merely a different kind of love.
my biggest road block was the fact that I didn't like the music
It has its own peculiar naturalism, a kind of lo-fi, lovelorn charm.
Um filme mágico que, através de sua narrativa enganosamente simples, alcança uma vitória que escapa à maioria das obras do gênero, retratando com sentimento o instante preciso no qual dois seres humanos se descobrem apaixonados um pelo outro.
Once is the anti-blockbuster that couldn't have come at a better time.
a tender little ultralow budget movie about the intimate connection of making music...the warm folkiness of the songs and their generally non-narrative-pushing content make it feel more like a long, lovely home movie of a short portion of two people's liv
Un effort battant la mesure d'une manière somme toute imparfaite, mais néanmoins prenante, qu'un genre aussi excessif que le film musical a besoin de temps à autre...
A moving story about two people who share a common love of music.
mia idiaiteri kinimatografiki empeiria, esto kai san kolaz, apo mia seira binteoklip me toys idioys, agapimenoys soy protagonistes
With delicate care and a modest street musician attitude, Carney has reinvented what a movie musical can be.
...an epic told in incomplete lyric lines, a classic fable forged out of slowly strummed guitar, lilting piano, and strained, struggling voices.
Though the trailer for Once might pique your curiosity, you don't know the freight train of raw emotion that's about to blindside you.
Once doesn't plop its emotions on its characters' sleeves, and it trusts us enough to leave some of the best stuff unstated. In other words, it trusts us to know that half the music lies between the notes.
Carney's Once is definitely not enough...thoroughly inspirational, lyrical, charming and cheeky...a winning spark that ignites the lovelorn imagination.
A minimalist musical which makes the most of the 'boy-meets-girl theme.
This is the film everyone will be talking about - and seeing repeatedly - this summer. Clocking in at less than an hour and a half, it's a small and perfectly formed gem that will leave you glowing for days.
It's probably one of the best musicals I've ever seen...
Captures the rare chemistry and unforced artistry of two people finding musical as well as personal harmony together and we are lucky enough to be there to watch it.
Sweet, romantic musical hits all the right notes.
A simply sung tale that deserves attention.
Not since Before Sunset has a romantic film managed to be as touching, funny or as hard to forget as Once.
A soulful valentine to music, friendship and the joys of honest hard graft, played out in the bedsits and recording studios of a deglamourised Dublin.
Once is a largely successful attempt to present something old-fashioned - a romantic musical - in a modern way and on a budget that stops some distance short of six figures.
A rare innocence and a fresh approach to filmmaking make this a thoroughly charming and unconventional love story.
Steering well clear of schmaltz, the movie is carried by Hansard's stirring soundtrack, wonderfully naturalistic performances and a storyline that never veers into whimsy.
In some places the camerawork feels a little underwhelming, and at times the leads' inexperience in acting shows up in comparison to their musical performances, but overall it works as a quiet, wistful modern romance.
A film to fall in love with and take a date to, Once's heart leaps from its sleeve. Pure and simple yet multiplex-unfriendly, this fantastic musical may take some seeking out, but once found it's hard to forget.
Note to metalheads: if Damien Rice-style singer-songwriters have you reaching for the sick bucket, you might want to give it a miss.
The year's most pleasant cinematic surprise. Once has enough heart, wit, verve and sheer songwriting genius to ensure you'll see it far more times than its title suggests.
Easily one of the best films of the year.
An embodiment of what the digital revolution was supposed to provide but so often doesn't.
It would be interesting to know how much of their conversation was actually in Carney's screenplay and how much was ad-libbed as the camera rolled; there's a wonderful spontaneity in both the dialogue and the musical performances.
Is it honestly felt? Absolutely. Is it perfect? Only in spots.
...a unique, enthralling experience in which song and emotion stand in for dialogue and plot.
This Irish film has simplicity and it makes the film seem like something new, even though it comprises familiar elements.
The bohemian Irish musical is so phenomenal you'll need to see it a second time, if only to confirm to yourself that the movie is really as good as you remembered.
The performances are so naturalistic ... the film feels like a documentary about the early origins of a now hot indie emo band.
Like all great pop songs, you can't wait to hear how it ends, and few conclusions feel as complete as that in "Once." For a film so joyfully attuned to the tumultuous nature of composition, it's no surprise that this is one of 2007's best.
We do not fall in love nearly enough at the movies, but this is one to adore.
Once is a simple yet not simplistic love story which doesn't end as you might expect.
By the end of the year, Once will be the movie doomed to lose at the Oscars but live on in everyone's hearts.
Gives off good vibes.
Forget everything you think you know about the movie musical, one of the more predictable genres. With Once, writer-director John Carney deconstructs it and reinvents it as something wholly new, inspired and alive.
Casting musicians rather than actors proves to be a wise choice because their interplay is completely naturalistic. All of the musical interaction is authentic and, by extention, so is their entire relationship.
Even when Carney lays on the indie film visual aesthetics a little too thick, the movie never feels anything less than heart-wrenchingly authentic.
A touching, tender and smart film that effectively blends elements of musical and romance, while maintaining an air of realism and honesty one rarely finds in either genre.
Every note brings us closer to these characters.
A wonderfully touching but thoroughly offbeat romance, interlaced with songs.
A street musician and a Czech immigrant find perfect harmony in each other's company in director John Carney's summer surprise, an impossibly romantic Irish lo-fi musical.
While Once doesn't really reinvent anything, it is a marvelous addition to the short list of genuinely good rock musicals.
It's a different kind of movie than your typical summer fare, but it never hits a wrong note and art-house lovers should see it... at least once.
Quietly and modestly inches its way into your heart, and by the time it reaches its wrenching and beautiful closing scene, you know you've experienced something special.
Carney becomes a little too enamored of the cinematographic limitations, and loses some important scenes to darkness and lousy focus. Call me crazy, but I like to actually see cinematic moments of emotional longing and heartache, not try to squint them in
Once captures the intoxicating one-two punch of loving music and falling in love better than any movie since Tender Mercies and The Buddy Holly Story (1978).
It has a Before Sunrise vibe, but the aphrodisiac is music rather than pseudo-philosophical Gen-X ramblings.
This lovely tale of a love affair between a Dublin street musician and a flower girl will leave you wistful for more. It's a movie to fall in love with and a movie to fall in love during. It is the most naturalistic musical ever.
The chemistry between Hansard and Irglová flows from the screen, easily creating one of the most romantic films of our generation. Independently redefining this classic genre, Once is a musical that movingly tells a realistic love story.
Don't miss Once. It has to be seen and heard to be believed and enjoyed.
The real dialogue is the music, as the lovers communicate through lyrics. The filmmaking is unadorned, but the emotional virtuosity is rhapsodic.
Writer-director John Carney, a former musician himself, has constructed a simple story that runs deep with implied character history and motivation. Little of importance is much said in the film, though the soul of the characters is often gleaned through
The fact that the music seems to come from an organic source, growing out of the characters and intertwined with the story, makes Once a singularly touching musical.
Sweet and surprisingly involving, and several of the songs deserve to be hits.
Astonishing...it cleaves through the conventions of the musical form, leaving the raw emotion but junking the showy glitz.
There's not a false moment within the film's 88-minute running time, nor many that could be done any better.
I can't imagine anyone seeing Once and not instantly falling in love with it.
A romantic fairy tale of astonishing delicacy and emotional nuance. This movie is so good I wasn't even bothered by [director] Carney never giving his characters names.
Communicates the world of the singer-songwriter brilliantly. That said, as a complete film on its own -- Once could be more fulfilling.
Unforgettable melody is the foundation of this heartfelt Irish romance that puts a twist on the movie musical.
Thanks to the ingratiating lead performers and their honest music performances, and the sensitivities of writer-director John Carney, it's a story worth seeing.
Once owes its genuine immediacy to the blessed decision to capture its musicians in the flush of actual performance.
Are you looking for a little film you can make your own, an enchanting, unpretentious blend of music and romance you can watch forever? If you do, Once is about to come into your life and make it whole.
A portrait of an intimate musical friendship that becomes a safe harbor for two ships passing in the night.
The best musical of a generation? No, but it is good.
Told with the simplicity of a Chaplin film (more than once I was reminded of City Lights), Once has the tentative and unpredictable amble of a chance encounter rather than the absolute and overdetermined structure of a Hollywood film.
Music video masquerades as a heart-on-sleeve narrative featuring a charismatic, if musically limited and redundant, Glen Hansard of the Irish rock band the Frames.
It's the answer to our cinematic prayers, not just for a believable musical, but also a terrific movie in general.
A top viewing choice for the musically-inclined cynical idealist.
It somehow manages to pay homage to the old Hollywood musicals as it reinvents them. It's a film that's rooted in the real world yet also manages to transcend it.
Given [director] Carney's roughshod methods, Once never resembles a standard studio offering, which works much to its benefit. Between Carney's unadorned writing and his rustic directing approach, Once always remains grounded in reality.
Definitely worth the bucks. Take your honey to this for a date. You'll be glad you did.
Hansard and Irglov (who have worked together musically) are convincing in this slight not-quite-romantic fantasy that does nothing more than affirm the possibility of human connection, however brief.
Musicals ask us to take a happy leap of faith, to believe in a world in which people express their feelings by bursting into song. With Once, Carney has created that world within our own, and it weaves an irresistible spell.
Once contains more magic than most other musicals.
Part of the fun of watching Once is that it's unlike other musicals, other movies.
Once, a film so sweet, unassuming, real, surefooted and warm that you might find yourself loving it as you would a person, is a bare-bones boy-meets-girl story.
One of the movie's pleasures is that it keeps us asking what sort of love story will Once become?
Once transcends even its own ambitions, becoming a complex meditation on relationships, Irish culture, and music.
The captivating Irish musical romance Once will warm all but the stoniest hearts.
A television director and two musicians have made a miracle of a movie that is both fairy tale and slice of life.
The perfect movie for people who love music.
As a story about people with songs coursing through their veins--Julie Andrews notwithstanding--Once captures the true Sound of Music.
Stripped of just about all artifice and dazzle, shot on the cheap on city streets, this Sundance gem is wiser about artistic creation and the fickle ways of love than any song-and-dance spectacular you've recently encountered.
...music that struggles to achieve mediocrity and a bland story.
Even the uninitiated will be hard-pressed to resist the movie's charms, from its likable leading players and its charming Dublin setting to its wistful take on modern love.
This indie musical is a bijou of a film that joins unaffected performances and a compelling soundtrack in a low-budget, documentary-style film that lets us watch two people fall in love to the mesmerizing soundtrack of the songs they create.
Once proves once and for all that imagination trumps big bucks.
Elegantly capturing the alchemy of songwriting -- not to mention the alchemy of fleeting romance -- it's a one-of-a-kind movie to enthrall musicians and listeners alike.
This is an unusual and completely engaging movie.
Sweet but never cloying, simple without being simplistic, delicate yet not at all precious, this is a film guaranteed to set your toes to tapping even as it plays a number on your heartstrings.
A sweet, raw blessing of a film.
The most naturalistic and believable romantic musical you may ever see and hear.
Once is a love story told in songs, a romance between two people just getting to know each other, and the music is completely organic to both their tentative attraction and their backstories as individuals.
[A] wonderful film that is one of the year's best.
The songs don't advance the narrative lyrically so much as follow the two characters' uncertain relationship through the slow realization of their themes; in particular a scene in which they first jam together in the back room of a music store is a gem.
In its brief running time, writer-director John Carney does something both profound and unexpected: He reinvents the movie musical as a genre of swooning rock 'n' roll realism.
very natural and believable character study of two people attracted through music
It's a musical courtship--he on guitar, her on piano, and both in vocal harmony. It's also a scruffy cinematic sleeper with which anyone's liable to fall in love.
May appeal especially to romantic young people who can develop crushes on the lead characters in tandem with the smittenness that emerges onscreen.
For reasons they'll have to go to hell for someday, the Motion Picture Association of America ratings board gave Once an R, for a handful of swear words. Ignore that. And enjoy the film.
As great as Once's songs will be on the soundtrack, it cannot compare to the visual stimuli that accompanies the long notes Hansard cries out and the backup that Iglova compliments like a guardian angel.
Once is the genuine article: a winning love story told with simple grace and humanity.
Wins you over without appearing even to try... Once...is so emotionally resonant and exuberantly enjoyable that you might just want to see it more than that.
{Glen] Hassard and {Marketa] Irglova, newcomers to feature film, show both natural acting skills and terrific musical ability.
Amazing music, great performances. This is really, truly a musical, in the best sense of the word.
A musical for people who HATE musicals.
I guarantee to you that this film will, in a few years, be regarded as a small classic. Discover Once now.
Somehow the world just seems to be a better place once you've seen Once.
Pragmatically recognizing life's hardships while romantically yearning for something more gives Once a quintessentially Irish flavor, as well as a poignancy that's both hard-edged and heartfelt.
Once isn't especially complex, but the chemistry between its appealing leads feels deeply true. You'd have to look awfully hard to find such sincerity in a Hollywood romance.
Forget the generic title, Once is an utterly beguiling, pitch perfect romantic musical that speaks volumes about love, passion, creativity, and hope.
It takes all of 10 seconds for John Carney's Once to announce itself as something special.
Once is a winning and engaging portrait of two people's powerful connection through music.
The perfect movie to fall in love with, as well as the perfect movie to fall in love to.
That musical chemistry also plays out nicely onscreen, because you believe they're really into each other.
Couldn't be less bogus if James Blunt sat on a stage in front of an empty bar saying "this one's for the lady in the back."
Imagine Belle And Sebastian remaking In The Mood For Love as a heartbreaking low-fi musical, and you have a fair approximation of the film's melancholy, unexpected genius.
Cut through the Spidey-Shrek hype and seek it out. You won't be sorry. It's a magical, beguiling wonder.
The film drags a bit and Irglova's inexperience as an actor sometimes leaves her costars in the lurch. But it's a sweet little film just the same.
I adored it, fell madly in love with each frame each note each nuance each lyric.
Everything about Once feels unforced and natural.
Once is one of those urban fairy tales you come out of not wanting to switch on your car radio, make small talk or do anything but shelter in its beguiling ambiance for as long as you can to avoid re-entering the real world.
So heartfelt and sparse, so quietly genuine with its dingy digital images -- so not Rent.
Focusing strictly on stripped-down performances of great music and the charming chemistry between the two leads, it's a perfectly realized yet unassuming movie that deserves to find a big audience.
Once may not boast stellar production values or elaborate dance numbers, but in its own scruffy way it captures the spirit of the genre better than any recent Hollywood musical.
No matter what your musical tastes, Once will reinforce your belief in the power of melody and harmony to heal one's inner wounds.
The movie swoons, and you will too.
Once makes a persuasive case that the real future of the movie musical may lie not in splashy grandeur but in modesty and understatement.
The emo-oriented, folksy score may be the most memorable original film music in some time.
...a unique twist on the musical with this affecting story of unrequited love between a couple who express their emotions through their song lyrics.
The magic of the movie is how utterly wrenching it renders [its] songs, which thrive alongside the film's simple, eloquent, dusky narrative.
It deserves to be seen and offers more real human emotion than most of the year's would be box office busters.
Once is twice-blessed: good songs, and a real story--not just a clothesline on which the tunes can hang.
ONCE isn't a perfect film, it begins a little wobbly but once its leading lady makes her entrance, the movie soars and turns into a haunting love story that is set to gorgeous music.
A charming and endearing Irish film about two down-and-out individuals who collaborate on a musical project that deeply enriches them both in surprising ways.
Once is the David Gray or James Blunt of movie musicals, and amazingly enough, that's not a bad thing.
It's a smiling, hopeful film, simply constructed and very emotionally appealing.
Wonderful and winning Irish musical.
Pic's charm seems so offhand one might not notice the skill with which helmer John Carney pulls it off, or how it plays like a full-blown musical without anyone bursting into song.
This touching Irish re-imagining of the classic backstage musical has a filmmaker's eye and a poet's heart.
John Carney's direction is unassuming and without a hint of pretension, and his short screenplay lets the music do a lot of the talking.



@highlight

A charming, captivating tale of love and music, Once sets the standard for the modern musical. And with Dublin as its backdrop, Once is fun and fresh.