...The Great New Wonderful boasts a pervasively aimless atmosphere that slowly but surely wears the viewer down and ensures that the film's overtly positive elements are ultimately rendered moot.
Candid but hermetic NYC emotional aftershocks Of 9/11.
No film that I've yet seen better captures the dismal mood that gripped the city in the wake of the [9/11] attacks...
While it's not always successful at doing so, this film does have its perceptive, thoughtful moments. And it features one of the best ensemble casts in recent memory.
[The characters], like us, are looking for answers in a rare movie that boldly and thoughtfully asks the right questions.
There are amusing moments sprinkled throughout the film, a few genuine laughs, and some nicely played dramatic scenes.
Not all the little stories and vignettes work (some seem almost pointless), but most of the performances, especially a haughty luncheon under a veil of politeness with Gyllenhaal and Falco, are spot on, involving and revealing.
It may be the 9/11 movie to which the most people can relate. For most of us, that date wasn't about personal heroics or losing loved ones or survival. It was about processing the impossible and realizing that life, with all its ups and downs, must go on.
Leiner...wants to say something important, but his cinematic and narrative technique isn't up to the task.
Luminous, affecting, and at times humorous take on 9/11's aftermath.
Yet -- and quite in spite of its plinky piano score -- The Great New Wonderful conjures occasional vividness, irrepressible pain or insight.
There's an emotional truth to TGNW that can be denied or ignored, and it comes through if you give the movie a chance.
While the film rarely imparts a true sense of messy everyday feelings and the strife of real life, the fine actors take your mind off the shortcomings.
The movie itself is having an identity crisis; it tries to make 9/11 a significant day in these people's lives and it has nothing to do with that day, both at the same time.
It's in the Magnolia/Short Cuts vein and, although it's not as good as those classics, the characters and their dilemmas are absorbing.
Set on the one-year anniversary of the twin towers' collapse, the drama interweaves five stories about New Yorkers. It's a testament to the city's resolve to resume life as normal.
[Maggie] Gyllenhaal ... slips into character with greater ease than any other young American actress now in the movies.
This is a film that never really says what's it's about, and may in fact not be about much of anything other than the zeitgeist of the era. Which, if you think about it, is plenty.
There's a lot to admire about this movie, especially its lack of sentimental manipulation when dealing with the topic of 9/11.
Writer Sam Catlin and director Danny Leiner have fashioned an alert, shrewdly observed portrait of a moment in time.
There are good performances from nearly everyone, particularly Shah and Gyllenhaal, and the sub-90-minute running time whips right by; but there's nothing extraordinary here either.
Better character-connection would inject this well photographed episodic journey around the island with a higher level of dramatic justification.
...director Danny Leiner uses a dainty palette of tristesse (untouched when he made Dude, Where's My Car?) to suggest that the shadow of 9/11 makes every discontent more pathetic.
It's a shame that The Great New Wonderful occasionally strains as it reaches all around New York, searching for touched lives and subtext; it's an overachiever already.
Never mind that the neuroses of these characters cannot be traced to 9/11. The stories are intriguing.
This is one of the more depressing films to come out this year.
Finally, here is a film that addresses this major American catastrophe without shoving important messages down the audience's throat.
Sam Catlin's script may actually be a little too subtle, and connective tissue joining this diverse group of characters is rendered perilously thin.
Keenly observed and beautifully acted, Danny Leiner's The Great New Wonderful is a seriocomic gem of rare grace and psychological nuance.
The stories don't really connect, and for all the film's portentous shots of the changed skyline, there's no sense that 9/11 really changed these people.
Why is such a talented cast doing such weak material? This finally becomes clear an hour in, when most of the actors get to do what they love: play emotional breakdowns.
The stories are eye-opening and heartwarming at the same time, but you'll be moved less by empathy for the characters than by the summoning of your own emotional memories. This movie is personal.
This mysteriously rich, mostly wonderful comedy-drama takes place in September 2002, when the lives of its unconnected New Yorkers have returned to something that looks like normal. 'Normal' being a thin layer of tissue paper over the abyss.
Leiner's portrait of a post 9/11 New York shows a fragile population, jumpy and sad.
A riveting and quirky movie about the aftershocks of 9/11 in the lives of a group of people still in denial a year later.
Exhibits no trace of the random, goofy humor found in Leiner's first two directorial efforts.
Danny Leiner's film offers a collection of quiet, tidy vignettes that occur simultaneously in New York City a year after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
The Great New Wonderful squanders a fine opportunity: to examine the emotional effect of the events of Sept. 11, 2001, on the lives of New Yorkers one year later.
For an independent film, it is quite a rewarding big-time experience.
The film, set in September 2002, employs 9-11 as a thematic crutch, positing the attacks as little more than a backdrop for its characters' other, infinitely less significant woes.
If the writer, Sam Catlin, can't begin to make the storylines jell, he does elicit squirms and titters from the shark-filled moats between peoples' conscious and unconscious lives.

@highlight

Set in post-9/11 New York, this largely evocative dramedy interweaves the stories of five disconnected individuals who share an unspoken emotional malaise that shadows their attempts at returning to normal life.