Into the Abyss is not just a compelling documentary about a convicted murderer on Death Row, but a further chapter in Werner Herzog's obsessive exploration of the American way of life - and death.
The filmmaker talks with loose, amateurish presence to the people-leading questions, re-framing camerawork, shoddy jump cuts-and by talking to them makes them participants in a weird, painful geographic-familial-residential tapestry of anguish.﻿
Herzog insinuatingly and gently coaxes his interviewees while his camera registers a more ambiguous, startled fixation on people and places, plus a willingness to stare bluntly. Director and camera are like good cop, bad cop.
A mark of tremendous insight that plays like another notch in the social dashboard from which Werner Herzog continues to find his inspiration.
...adopts the posture of an empathetic listener.
Werner Herzog has a well-deserved reputation for tackling difficult, risky subjects. It took courage to enter the Lone Star State and wade into the mire of capital punishment.
Herzog is a superb interviewer, never bludgeoning the interviewees with his power as filmmaker nor shying away out of discretion or discouragement.
As it winds to its inevitable conclusion, viewers are left to ponder right and wrong, and most will have the same mixed feelings they had before they took their first bite of popcorn. This looks to be on the short list for Oscar contenders.
The star filmmaker, oft mocked for verging on self-parody, keeps his Teutonic explorer persona in check and allows his subjects' emotional outpourings-sadness, shame, dread, and desperation, and unexpected glimmers of hope and happiness-to set the tone.
A smart documentary that takes sides in the death penalty debate but never shies away from the horrendous crimes at the center of the story.
A virtuoso work, unparalleled in Herzog's career. And it'll just break your heart.
Questions if the state has the right to murder.
Herzog is empathetic and non-judgmental, even as his interview subjects try to rationalize their lives, declare their innocence and the like.
This is humane, fascinating documentary filmmaking that is willing to confront insurmountable issues. And as is the case with most true crime material: truth is stranger than fiction.
It is also a devastating portrait of the culture of crime, drug and alcohol abuse, and broken families ...
Herzog's engrossing examination of a real life triple murder demonstrates that evil doesn't reside only on death row.
It is a film full of despair, but it's also compelling, and Herzog's interview with a death-row groupie towards the end of the film provides a horribly grim punchline.
Werner Herzog's documentary about a triple murder in Texas is a compelling reflection on capital punishment.
The honesty of the flesh, the absurdity of the sacred, the enduring equivalence of meaninglessness that all men share. Into the Abyss: a Tale of Death, a Tale of Life finds its foothold here.
The film trawls the bottomless depth of hopeless criminals as much as it examines the "correctional" system.
Compulsive.
A powerful, poignant film.
[Forces] viewers to face complex questions about society, justice and the sanctity of life.
It's a decent film, though I felt that a clearer, sharper light could have been cast on the defendants themselves.
The extensive use of lurid crime scene videos and subtitles set in a naff typewriter font sit uneasily with the director's opposition to capital punishment.
When Tolstoy said all unhappy families are unhappy in their own ways, perhaps he was thinking of Texas. But even he reckoned without the rich, extraordinary complexities of unhappiness chronicled in Herzog's film.
Moving and thought-provoking in equal measure. A Herzog doc of the highest order.
Offers a convincing and depressing critique of capital punishment in the US while somehow managing to find a glimmer of hope in what Herzog calls the urgency of life.
The result is gripping, moving and revelatory, an unabashed if implicit critique of the death penalty.
Less a polemic than a sombre sifting-through of the collateral damage that collects in concentric circles around an execution.
Herzog's tapestry testifies to life's light from death's darkness.
Yet another intriguing and surprising film from this ever-fascinating documentarian.
A haunting portrayal of people who are neither completely innocent nor wholly evil, and the terrible price of killing, whether in the pursuit of a sports car or in the name of justice.
I doubt anyone would give Into the Abyss a second look were it not directed by Werner Herzog.
An eerie, unsettling and slightly macabre attempt to understand the how and why of three senseless murders in 2001 in Texas.
The most memorable image here is the lethal-injection gurney. With its crossbar for the outstretched arms of doomed prisoners, it resembles a padded crucifix -- a ghastly and inelegant parody of a symbol of Christian comfort.
[Herzog] simply means to show us things as they are - and in this corner of Texas, just north of Houston, things are undeniably violent. And mean.
Into the Abyss makes Herzog's point powerfully, without descending to the level of polemic.
Unlike, say, Errol Morris in The Thin Blue Line, Herzog isn't seeking to exonerate anyone or introduce new evidence. He's just there, observing the process as it rolls forward and wondering why.
Herzog is pursuing no agenda with Into the Abyss, despite his opposition to extreme judicial measures. He's seeking to answer the question of why people kill, especially in a situation such as this where the reason for the murders was so meaningless.
Herzog unforgettably shows how when you pull tight the straps on men who've lain down to die, it leaves a mark.
This is the abyss the film shows, the frightening arbitrariness of the death penalty. People are born into poverty and violence by chance, and their fates -- as crime victims or victims of the state -- are also functions of chance.
The director's ability to objectively pursue this line of inquiry makes Into the Abyss a compelling, revealing work of art.
Into the Abyss does what too few documentaries these days do - it gives ample play to all sides of the argument. Herzog allows us to think things through on our own.
Herzog's death-row documentary hits hard
The overriding point of Into the Abyss, what keeps this sad, sorrowful film from becoming depressing and elevates it far above the usual chatter of liberal-conservative debate, is that there can be light on the other end of even the darkest of tunnels.
Herzog asks, in that probing yet gentle, meditative voice we've come to cherish, "What does it mean?" Oh, Werner. We don't ask such things in 'Merica.
Covers much the same ground as other death row movies, but with the Herzog difference.
Comes close to the voyeurism of Nick Broomfield's documentaries on Aileen Wuornos but is saved by Herzog's obviously deep conviction that capital punishment is evil.
The title Into the Abyss could serve for any of Werner Herzog's documentaries, but this portrait of death row inmate Michael Perry is perhaps the least Herzogian film in his nonfiction catalogue.
"Into the Abyss" makes a strong case for the inhumanity of capital punishment, regardless of the crime or the criminal.
[Herzog's] piercing gaze provides a tightly focused look at the realities underlying our nation's continued reliance on this archaic tool of criminal justice.
The interviews that make up the balance of the film yield plenty of oddities of modern American life.
Herzog proves a formidable guide through several controversial conditions of American life: notably crime and punishment, and living with death.
Herzog's investigation may not work as an anti-death-penalty editorial, but its findings are undeniably profound.
A disquieting, heartbreaking look at American crime and punishment.
The abyss here isn't capital punishment, the ostensible subject of the film; it's the seemingly unending capacity for causing and enduring pointless misery that humans seem to have.
Herzog is an eloquent interviewer/documentarian. Yet his technically flawless film leaves you reeling emotionally even as you wonder why, and why now, he's turned his lens on the American way of crime and punishment.
Into the Abyss is both affecting and frustrating, the work of a smart and sensitive filmmaker who, much like the justice system he confronts, mistakes half-formed ideas for profound truth.
Presented with a humanist respect for the people in the movie that is both rare and heart-wrenching.
It's an uneven movie, but a heartfelt and honest one.
Herzog takes a startlingly clear-eyed look at crime and capital punishment in Texas. . . He just seeks to shine a light on the facts for the viewer to soberly decide.
An inquiry into fundamental moral, philosophical, and religious issues, and an examination of humankind's capacity for violence - individual and institutional.
A disturbing profile of a rural Texas community where disintegrated families produce a culture dominated by substance abuse, violence, illiteracy and other problems.
Watching Into the Abyss, I had the overwhelming sense that, somewhere along the way, Werner Herzog lost his way.
It's like a TV crime reality show made by an alien.
Get lost in Herzog's 'Abyss'
Powerful and profoundly moving. You'll never look at the death penalty the same way again.
Easily one of the best documentaries of the year, this riveting, haunting piece of work fits perfectly into Herzog's resume as one of our most important living filmmakers.
A film that will make anyone who sees it actually sit and contemplate their position at length, regardless of their current stance on the subject.
The subject matter in Into the Abyss is harrowing stuff, and though Herzog has never shied away from harrowing, he also presents it with respect and curiosity, making it easily palatable.
What could have been a well-aimed examination of the most troubling contradictions of capital punishment instead becomes a maudlin, unrestrained wallow.
Werner Herzog looks at the death penalty in "Into the Abyss," and as is almost always the case, to look through his eyes is to marvel.
Haunting and urgent.Herzog's tough-minded film takes an uncompromising stand against the death penalty,but goes beyond to look at the larger issue of crime and blighted lives
The film demonstrates Werner Herzog's unparalleled knack for drawing out the harmony and discord in nature.
Herzog might have an opinion, but he does not take a side.
Any subject Werner Herzog wants to explore is surely worthy of our interest. And his latest documentary is a characteristically insightful study of human nature.
Herzog's film examines the taking of life, whether the person who is dying is a criminal...or a woman interrupted while making cookies, as Stotler was, but it does so in an oddly distanced manner.
Not since Errol Morris' masterwork of investigative documentary, "The Thin Blue Line," has a filmmaker had such an easy time of making the death penalty-crazed state of Texas look quite so casually venal.
"Into the Abyss," like Werner Herzog's other recent documentaries, demonstrates that he is a gifted filmmaker and an abominable interviewer.
The paradox of this film is that it is both unremittingly bleak and rigorously humane.
What is missing is something new - clarity, insight, outrage. Instead, its understatement is ultimately its undoing.
A documentary on capital punishment filled with small and humble human touches.
The movie's an "In Cold Blood'' with a patient, persistent German interlocutor instead of Truman Capote turning cartwheels in prose.
unlike any documentary you've ever seen, especially on such an incendiary subject
Upfront in its opposition to the death penalty on moral grounds, but ... never strident or manipulative.
The title of this Werner Herzog documentary may suggest another expedition to the ends of the earth, but what concerns him here is the moral abyss of capital punishment and the metaphysical abyss of death itself.
...possibly Werner Herzog's true claim to cinematic immortality.
It's life's mysteries concerning truth, death and rehabilitation, Herzog posits, that render the death penalty unjust.
It provides intimate glimpses of people usually seen, and then only briefly, as faces on a post-office wall or numbers in a cemetery.
It's really just a rambling episode of A Current Affair.
[It] powerfully suggests that violent death of any kind, whether personal or state-mandated, transforms everyone in its vicinity.
I've long felt Herzog's personality is compelling and penetrating, and in evidence I could offer this film about Texans who are so different from the West German director.
[A] profound examination of the death penalty in the United States, and not only because Herzog can ask a prison chaplain who officiates at executions... "Please describe an encounter with a squirrel"...
An outlandish, compassionate and, at times, improbably buoyant film about life's capacity for grief and horror and about how it bubbles on miraculously in the face of such things.
Regardless of your own stance on the death penalty, it's impossible not to be shaken by the senseless loss depicted in "Into the Abyss," the overwhelming sadness, but also the possibility of spiritual redemption.
Abyss evokes an abhorrence of murder, whether perpetrated by ignorant teenagers or by the state of Texas.
Into the Abyss is too self-admiring of its own loose ends to come to the indictment that would put it in the company of The Thin Blue Line, but these personalities stay in your head-which is the whole point.
An egalitarian study of crime and punishment in a small Southern town, Into the Abyss is also an unmistakably Herzogian inquiry into the lawlessness of the human soul.
You come out shaken by the fathomless destructiveness of idiocy and the healing powers of belief and remediation.
"Into the Abyss" is a sound piece of editorial journalism, the likes of which is all too rare in our new media age of exploitation reportage.
Werner Herzog's tale of death and life is thoroughly shaped by his humanist passion and attention to emotional details.
Rarely has Werner Herzog seemed less capable of infusing a nonfiction inquiry with poetic depth than with Into the Abyss.
Herzog departs sharply from the quirky tone of his recent documentaries to offer a startlingly astute and sensitive exploration of a horrific murder case. But more generally, he's looking at the use of the death penalty in the United States.
Into the Abyss is a transcendent, tragic-comic masterpiece.
Herzog is so unendingly sincere he's able to press emotional buttons that your average documentarist just wouldn't get away with.
Herzog does not convince us that the death sentence is barbaric but he does elicit provocative testimony from his subjects.




@highlight

Another probing, insightful look at an interesting subject, Werner Herzog explores the American prison system with passion and not politics.