A strangely unconventional story chopped and uneasily lopped into a deeply conventional Hollywood format, right down to the trophy blonde with too many teeth. It has been squeezed -- just as Wilson was. And nothing quite hangs together.
It's what else that was going on inside Wilson's head that is explored in this cleverly constructed, brilliantly performed and just-so-interesting picture... partly by reminding us of his musical genius, while acknowledging his mental frailty.
Love & Mercy captures the battered soul of the man, wounded first by an abusive father and later by the father figure he puts in his place. The two performances are equally strong.
Love & Mercy isn't a groundbreaking movie, but it doesn't need to be.
Despite its (few) idiosyncrasies, this is a top-notch movie.
Dano totally owns the show, particularly the moments in the studio where he orchestrates the recording of Pet Sounds, now considered one of the greatest rock albums of all time.
[Love & Mercy] is an actor's showcase, a stealth musical, and occasionally a clumsy way to get across information that might have worked better in an autobiography.
If you have any affinity for Wilson and the Beach Boys' sound, this movie is a revelation; if you're agnostic, it will win you over to the right side.
A film to truly warm the cockles of your heart.
There's a lot of history packed in here... but director Bill Pohald is just as interested in exploring Wilson's creative process...
Love & Mercy is one of the most convincing depictions of the creative process and the effects of mental illness I've seen in a long time.
It is (among its many virtues) wonderfully not boilerplate.
Love & Mercy is what the title suggests: a biopic that's tender and merciful.
Together, the two timelines of Love and Mercy work in deft harmony, resulting in one of the most fascinating musical biopics in years.
Just as they did in the tumultuous '60s - then again as each of us faced our own upheavals over the decades - the hopeful, tuneful, impeccably harmonized songs of Brian Wilson fade in and save the day, then sail off into a perfect California sunset.
Intense, unconventional, often uncomfortable portrait of Beach Boys leader Brian Wilson that transcends the typical clichés about madness and creativity.
Rather like one of Wilson's records, it's a film of surprisingly effective layers, building towards a hugely satisfying crescendo.
It's much better than the usual formulaic musical biopic.
An entertaining and inspiring movie with great acting, narratice and an epic portrayal of a significant moment in music. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that does justice to a great artist and showcases two great performances by Paul Dano and John Cusack. [Full review in Spanish]
With strong performances and unique insight that above all feels emotionally and artistically honest, [this] is a bittersweet triumph with a lot of pain along the way.
Love & Mercy is a great movie that takes the spectator into the mind of a musical genius. [Full review in Spanish]
Without a doubt this will become one of your favorite biopics about a musician. [Full review in Spanish]
As with all such biopics of artists, it helps to be a fan of the work, but Wilson is a sufficiently sympathetic central figure and the story compelling enough to appeal beyond aficionados.
Pohlad's film doesn't quite revolutionize the art of movie biography, but it works as a digest of pop songcraft and period costumes, and a groovy heartwarmer besides.
Paul Dano, as the young Brian, does a better job of conveying his madness than John Cusack as the older version, who falls for Elizabeth Banks' car saleswoman.
Dano and Cusack both capture Wilson's pure, perennial innocence and naivety, without falling into caricaturist traps.
Like the sounds and voices that plagued Wilson, Love and Mercy is a musical biopic that gets in your head.
A grueling and emotional tale of a mentally ill man held hostage, and inevitably rescued by the love of his life.
More of a psychological character study than a rock-music biopic, Love & Mercy is unnervingly effective.
Bittersweet biopic about a musical genius whose sanity was held hostage by a Svengali-like shrink seeking to line his own pockets.
Love & Mercy is fascinating when it takes apart the nuts and bolts of Wilson's songs, showing how he used the music studio as his instrument while striving to outdo The Beatles in harmonic daring.
Despite the darkness, Love & Mercy manages a calm sweetness throughout. Incredible, but true -- you'll leave the theater feeling better than when you arrived.
Wilson heard voices, but he also heard sounds, and much of Love & Mercy shows us how he tried to re-create those notes - those good vibrations - with his band.
Bill Pohlad's Love & Mercy spectacularly chronicles one man's rise-fall-rise in riveting human (and musical) terms.
Painting Wilson in such a light may compromise the objectivity of Love & Mercy, but the film's strengths easily outweigh its few weaknesses.
Along the way, we learn to appreciate the greatness of Wilson and discover what separated him from the rest of his group.
Love & Mercy is a very well-intentioned film, attempting to explore two important times in the life of singer/songwriter Brian Wilson, but unfortunately it plays as two distinctly separate films that are on two different levels of quality.
There is undoubtedly much more to be said about the intriguing, talented Brian Wilson, but "Love & Mercy" does one better than a conventional biography of the man likely ever could: it bears his soul.
The parallel narratives offer an interesting contrast in persona but ultimately don't really work. Every cut to the '80s is accompanied by a desire to return to the '60s, where we are immersed in Wilson's fevered mental state.
It's better than it has any right to be in virtually every capacity
The screen goes blank for a moment at the end of 'Love & Mercy.' And what follows brought me to tears.
That so much of it rings true is a credit to the film-makers; that Wilson lived some (if not all) of it is a reminder of his matchless alchemical magic.
It's bittersweet and melancholic, always captivating, holding the irrefutable truth of a pop lyric.
Pohlad's movie lacks the kind of multi-layered texture it purports to celebrate. That said, it's still full of mind-altering potential.
An unusually inventive approach brings this story to life, as the filmmakers get into the mind of the Beach Boys' Brian Wilson to reveal how he created those unforgettable songs.
Pohland - working with an impressive script by Oren Moverman and Michael A Lerner - manages to orchestrate a musical path between the double storyline that finds unity through the creative process.
One of the most compelling films about mental illness I've seen and one of the most authentic rock biopics of all time.
It's a gently authorative and fond account of two key periods in Wilson's life and a sober overview of a career that threw up some of the best songs in popular music.
A fascinating biopic could be made about Brian Wilson, but this isn't it.
Love & Mercy, Bill Pohlad's ingenious biopic of Beach Boy Brian Wilson, approaches its subject from a very unusual direction... ear-first.
The execution is ambitious and intriguing enough to make this particular biopic feel fresh, new even.
Shot in dreamy colours by Robert Yeoman, the picture cannot, alas, quite shake itself free from the overworked 1960s mythology.
Just when you feel "No, I can't take it" about another truth-based rock drama addressing the tears and horrors of fame - another Ray or Walk the Line (oh those poor singing millionaires) - along comes the best in memory.
Pohlad's film is good at probing the line between radical creativity and mental disarray; arguably less good at getting Wilson back on the safe side of it. But it leaves you in no doubt that the man's a genius.
It's an eloquent tribute to a great American innovator.
Aside from the lightbulb moments that produced hits like 'God Only Knows' and 'Good Vibrations', the film lacks real dynamism.
Dano is nothing short of phenomenal in an Oscar-worthy performance that captures and channels the drive, innocence, obsession and brilliance behind Wilson's masterpiece, Pet Sounds.
This is the film Brian Wilson's talent deserves: original, smart and affecting.
Love & Mercy is a cine-song of sun-glazed innocence and bruised experience, surfing between excruciating suffering and extraordinary redemption. It makes you cry, but sort of in a good way.
This is an enlightening true story that provides insight into the ups and downs of a one-of-a-kind individual.
This dual take on Wilson's life doesn't just celebrate its subject, it understands him. As in one of his recording sessions, all the notes fit together.
Paul Dano gives an astonishingly rich performance ... in Love and Mercy, a major film which easily takes a seat not only amongst the very best music biopics, but amongst those rare films that are able to dramatize the creative process.
Though Paul Dano and John Cusack are perfectly Oscar-worthy as the younger and older versions of Brian Wilson in director William Pohlad's absorbing, lovingly assembled tribute film, it is the ever-versatile Paul Giamatti who shines brightest.
Provides proof that Brian Wilson really wasn't made for those times. Or, indeed, these.
The skill of Love & Mercy lies in Pohlad's ability to weave these two very specific periods together, while also making them as detail-rich as possible.
Every time the story goes back to 60s -- these sequences, all shimmering with California sunshine, have infectious energy -- and the amazing music the pop wizard made, Love & Mercy is glorious.
[Paul] Dano is utterly fantastic, disappearing into the role...
The emotionally turbulent and musically brilliant times of Brian Wilson of Beach Boys fame is often as jarring as a discord. To describe it in musical terms, the film can switch from major to minor key in seconds.
Love & Mercy is that rarest of things: a music biopic that doesn't just tell you about a tortured genius, it puts you in their head.
A quartet of impressionable performances strengthens the film's insights and lasting power.
a sweet and beautiful film, as effervescent and deceptively sophisticated as "God Only Knows."
Fans will delight in the picture-perfect re-creations of Wilson's parties, photo shoots and recording sessions.
It's a sympathetic portrait of a tortured genius battling introversion, medication and hangers-on.
Such imagination and daring that it sweeps us off our feet.
Love and Mercy isn't easy to watch. The part you most want to see doesn't come until the end, of course. Before that there's so much pain. But the film is well assembled, well acted and as moving as it is frustrating.
Dano is hauntingly good as the young Brian Wilson. His understated performance evokes a discomfort that is so appropriate to the tone the filmmakers went for to translate Wilson's unique condition to the screen.
Love & Mercy is that rare biopic that respects both its subject and its audience. It's the most insightful portrait of an artist and his process I've ever seen on screen, a privilege to watch.
Not your typical movie biopic, Love & Mercy is a harrowing musical ride into the mind of Brian Wilson of The Beach Boys. Splitting the role between John Cusack and Paul Dano is a risky move that mostly pays off.
This has to be the best-sounding movie ever made, and like Brian Wilson himself, it's full of naked emotion, while still retaining an air of mystery.
Both cerebral and compassionate, Love & Mercy is ultimately hopeful.
... a stylish effort that smartly avoids a straightforward approach in portraying Wilson as a troubled genius.
It's as much an auditory narrative as a visual one, which makes perfect sense.
Cusack opens up as a damaged Brian Wilson
The Dano sequences also benefit enormously from the dense sound collages created by composer Atticus Ross and utilised by director Bill Pohlad to dramatise Wilson's inner turmoil.
A mostly absorbing biopic, with top-notch tech credits (the sound design is exquisite), that will certainly appeal to Beach Boys and Brian Wilson fans. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
We're shown so many symptoms that, regardless of which actor is playing the hero, there's little relief from the prevailing grimness, and less sense of a life in full.
It is commendable that despite the film's constant back-and-forth between two disparate stories set in two time periods, all of it comes together to form a coherent and compelling story about one extraordinary man.
So Well Done - Pohlad Has a Masterpiece Here
Love & Mercy is a strong, unconventionally entertaining movie about the mysteries of the psyche the creative process and it's graced by a knowing, charismatic, heartbreaking performance from a never better Dano.
When you consider all the ways that "Love & Mercy" could have gone terribly wrong, and how full of life it is in the end (and, yes, of love and mercy), I think the end product is almost miraculous.
Contrary to the diagnosis of his control-freak psychotherapist, Beach Boy Brian Wilson was not exactly schizophrenic. Nonetheless, casting two different actors as Wilson to represent different phases of the songwriter's life is a gambit that pays off...
Love & Mercy diverges from the tired rock-pop biopic track ... by pinpointing focus on two specific periods of Wilson's life.
An unconventional biopic that ranks with Oscar winners "Ray" and "Capote."
This is dramatization, not documentary, but it's a more nuanced portrait of Wilson than the 1995 doc I Just Wasn't Made for These Times...
Uneven and sanitized, it's obvious that this discordant, yet deferential biopic was made with the complete cooperation of Brian and Melinda Wilson.
Performances and music are only part of what makes this film a great story, but without great visual elements to unite them, this collaboration of the senses would be a bust.
Subverts the picturesque Southern California scenery and its brilliant sunshine to capture the darkness and the light inside a one-of-a-kind spirit.
Shifting from tortured way Brian made beautiful music in the '60's, it becomes a lovely and compelling love story, propelling the film to appeal to more than nostalgic fans.
Much like Brian Wilson in real life, Love & Mercy is astounding when Paul Dano and John Cusack are allowed to perform solo without intrusions.
[I]n the end, this is a story about how he eventually found someone willing to jump in the water with him to help him finally reach shore.
Pohlad takes what could have succeeded as a straightforward biopic and crafts a work of art in its own right.
Unnerving as it is thrilling, as visually and aurally vivid as it is emotionally harrowing.
Dano and Cusack never let us forget that Wilson is human before he is anything else - genius, icon, legend.
Something different and exciting happens on the screen, thanks to an off-kilter story structure, a worthy subject and inspired performances.
A fascinating story, the power of which is only slightly diminished by Wilson's high-profile recovery and comeback.
The events of Brian Wilson's later life make for more obvious drama, but a lesser movie.
[Hews close] to the bone of Wilson's life.
The performances are universally great, and the subject matter is captivating.
After seeing "Love & Mercy," you'll find it nearly impossible to resist the urge to download (or re-listen to) a dozen Beach Boys classics.
To capture the artistic process in this way is extraordinary, and in many ways unprecedented.
Insightful, beautifully-acted. Good vibrations to be had.
It's a daring conceit built around two fine talents, but the results are decidedly mixed.
A story that's hair-raisingly watchable and frequently moving, regardless of what you believe you might already know of Wilson's life.
It has the two things a Brian Wilson story needs above all: a sense of mystery and the right vibrations - good, bad, weird.
There's an inherent lack of energy in the later years that sucks some of the tension out of the movie, but the overall effect is often entralling and never less than interesting.
One half of an ambitious and moving musical biography.
An audio trip, and the way that you listen to this movie needs to be part of the overall experience.
Using two actors to portray an artist at his creative peak and the wreckage left behind was an inspired idea, and the script...shuttles between these two eras, the 60's foreshadowing the ruinous 80's, which, in turn, informs the former's artistic stimuli
I think Dano does the better job of inhabiting the Wilson we know, the baby face and the soft voice. But Cusack's unguarded performance is what really gives the film its emotional power. Both performances are essential.
Innovation, precision, a complete switch in focus, daring ... these are not things you expect from a Hollywood film biography.
We see the pop maestro as misunderstood, confused and alienated - ahead of his time or just not up to it. Either way, the man was far-out, and so is this film.
There is a timeless quality to the music Brian Wilson made that continues to touch something deep inside us. Love and Mercy manages to find a similar path, thanks to its insights and invention.
This self-conscious film feels convincingly told only part of the time.
Inexplicably squanders a fascinating, real-life story.
It's a loving tribute to the Beach Boys and the man responsible for their distinctive sound, but it goes to deeper and stranger places than most movies of its kind.
One of the most touching - and gripping - biopics you will ever see.
Love & Mercy gets right to the heart of Wilson's story -- the sad but uplifting tale of a man who needed some help to fight to get out of bed.
"Love & Mercy" will attract Beach Boys fans for sure, but director Pohlad has created a work that will appeal to a much broader audience - like, anyone who loves music.
Very much the story of a man who made music, as opposed to a showcase for the music he made.
In all honesty, one Brian would have done the trick, but which of these story lines would you choose? If the filmmakers' indecision is detrimental to the final product, it's also pretty understandable.
Cusack encapsulates the forced childlike behavior of Wilson under Landy's care. Dano, meanwhile, nails Wilson's boyish enthusiasm in the studio and captures the early strains on his psyche.
Cusack gives his best and most engaged performance in years.
Where the Pet Sounds auteur is known for multi-part harmonies, director Bill Pohlad's biopic is a series of simple duets.
Honorable...deeply moving...takes a considered approach to Wilson, sound in dramatic and editorial construction and insightful in its psychological subtexts.
Paul Dano steals the show. Elizabeth Banks is terrific.
[The film] breezily reference Brian Wilson's multiple lives through shorthand, achieving a sharply focused and admirably dense narrative that feels as crowd-pleasing and as creatively searching as their protagonist's own work.
We've had plenty of good musical biopics ("Walk the Line," "Control") and a handful of better ones ("Sid and Nancy," the more recent "Get On Up"). This one's special, more inward-seeking.
It gives us Brian Wilson as a tortured genius, which may be true, but also reduces pretty much everyone else onscreen to a stereotype or a cipher.
Dano, a soft and moony presence, gives the better impersonation of Wilson, an enthusiastic man-child who morphs into a grotesque baby.
It's especially bold in that the two actors playing Wilson -- Paul Dano in his youth and John Cusack in middle age -- look absolutely nothing like each other, and yet they mesh seamlessly.
Director Bill Pohlad's biopic Love & Mercy captures Wilson's singular mind at two ventures in his life, creating Pet Sounds and the Landy years, with filmmaking that's far more harmonious than its contrasting performances.
Naming a film "Love & Mercy," even if that's one of the lead character's famous songs, implies that it will provide insight and sympathy. That's just what this fascinating drama delivers.
Dano is brilliant as the younger Wilson. He is an artist fighting against whatever demons threaten to consume him, struggling to get his songs out while he still can.
It offers a glimpse into the making of immortal pop tunes, songs of love and longing that are all the more astonishing considering the mental anguish their creator was enduring.
Director Bill Pohlad's decidedly unconventional Brian Wilson biopic Love & Mercy, which takes its title from an overlooked 1988 solo single from the Beach Boys' co-founder, is the Pet Sounds of biopics.
Its daring dive into the mind of Brian Wilson feels right. God only knows (to borrow a Pet Sound song title or two), but you still believe in . . . Brian.
Pohlad has surrounded himself with award-worthy talent on both sides of the camera, from music supervisor Atticus Ross to the art department to the stellar cast.
Its message - that the most beautiful art often comes from the ugliest places - is simple. And moving.
Musically, the film is a miracle, right and riveting in every detail. In contrast to Cusack's introspection, Dano lets it bleed as Brian Wilson, giving a performance awards were invented for.
By deciding not to make "Love & Mercy" a musical biopic, the filmmakers have turned Wilson's story into what it seems to have been all along: the adventure of one man's arduous, terrifying, ultimately triumphant search for God.
"Love & Mercy" gets one thing right that most movies get wrong: The great artist isn't tormented in the creation of art. That's often the joy and the abandon. The torment is everything else.
Love & Mercy is so emotionally acute, it doesn't matter if some of the words turn out all wrong.
The Beach Boys' public face in the '60s may have been all about fun, fun, fun, but there was a lot of torment behind the surfboards and T-Birds. It's captured in all of its painful yet musically rhapsodic glory in Love & Mercy.
An exceptional musical biography featuring not one but two exemplary lead performances.
Captures the glorious sound and predatory noise competing to move from his head to the studio.
All involved are cast in the shadow of Dano's wide-ranging performance, capturing Wilson at his most ecstatic and his most hopeless.
"Love & Mercy" is worth seeing just for the dramatization of the making of "Good Vibrations" alone. But there's much more to savor in this biopic ...
Director Bill Pohlad's schizophrenic biopic of the Beach Boys' troubled genius, Brian Wilson, is two movies in one. Unfortunately, only one of them works.
Brilliantly conceived and almost as brilliantly realized, this is one of those rare musical biopics that truly gets to the essence of its subject -- and in a creative manner.
It's deeply fascinating and engaging from start to finish, and the satisfying emotional impact is bound to give moviegoers - dare I say it? - good vibrations.
Unconventional but fully fleshed-out and adoring (but not too adoring) portrait of brilliant Beach Boys leader Brian Wilson and his personal ups and downs.
The Good Vibrations outlast the bad.
The performances in Love & Mercy are key to its power: Dano can be a dispassionate, affected actor, but all his arty coolness slips away here.
Dano and Cusack each deliver superb performances in different ways.
Love & Mercy might not go as deep, or as dark, as it could, but it's a commanding and artful film, that's full of excellent and worthy performances whether you're a student of Brian Wilson or just a curious tourist.
An earnest attempt to convey the essential truth of Wilson's extraordinary career and difficult life animates both halves of the film, and both performances.
Combines drama and romance with Wilson's wonderful songs to create a marvelous showcase for the cast and Pohlad as a director
The script is by Oren Moverman, who performed a kind of jujitsu on Bob Dylan in Todd Haynes's I'm Not There -- his Wilson story is a lot more traditional, but more moving as well.
A sadist father, a sadist therapist, a severe mental illness, and a brilliant career. It's all here without the whitewash of movies based of a real person's life.
Some wonderful, out of body music creation moments thanks to Paul Dano. John Cusack isn't bad either. Pity he couldn't be bothered to lose his jet-black perma-dye job to look more like Brian Wilson.
Pohlad's minimalist-formalist approach to directing - and his desire to not ruin performances with too much cutting - helps sell a screenplay that, in other hands, could have seemed simplistic, even, in its way, traditional.
Too many music bio-pics breeze over the hard construction work of the creative act, as if embarrassed by the taking of such pains. Pohlad, to his credit, digs in deep.
Bill Pohlad seems never to have met a metaphor he couldn't bludgeon into its most rudimentary and literal interpretation.
Love & Mercy jumps back and forth between these two realities, each in a vividly realized time and place: the striving, LSD-dropping dawn of the Pet Sounds age-all lens flare and dreamy haze-and the air-sucking nightmare of mid-Eighties L.A.
In succinct and sublime tones, Love & Mercy convinces that God only knows where American music would be without Brian Wilson.
[Love & Mercy is] how to do a biopic right.
A music biopic that's both conventional and unconventional in the best ways of each.
The period detail, especially in the '60s scenes is sharp and the other Beach Boys, minimal though their roles are, look spot-on (kudos especially to Jake Abel, who both looks exactly like Mike Love and handles an unenviable part with precision).
Love & Mercy is a beautiful film about the creative process, that intangible thing artists try to express and aficionados try to understand.
When your favorite songs bubble up, the marriage of sound and screen will win your tears, your smiles, and your soul. To paraphrase Wilson, Love & Mercy ... that's what you need tonight.
A deeply satisfying pop biopic whose subject's bifurcated creative life lends itself to an unconventional structure.
Love & Mercy may be built on its headlining talent, but Pohlad has also snagged a solid supporting cast to aid Dano and Cusack.
Before all else, Love & Mercy is an engrossing portrait of Wilson's specific artistic inclinations, which draw from no real precedent.
The film does an exquisite job of detailing the way an artist can get lost in the act of creation.
Love & Mercy is an uneven biopic boosted by strong performances. Expect a vibrant soundtrack, but also a story that doesn't completely fly on the sum of its parts.
Despite the dual-casting, alternating timelines, and idiosyncratic attempts to get inside Wilson's head, this is a fairly conventional biopic.
The result is a disorienting and disappointing experience that finds one thinking a bit too obsessively about how little Dano and Cusack look alike.
Half of a great biopic about melodic pop genius Brian Wilson, played by two actors with very different results.
You feel like you're right there in the studio with Brian Wilson as he creates Pet Sounds. It's a little like sitting next to Beethoven: the film is tender and moving, but also awe-inspiring.
"Love & Mercy" isn't a traditional music biopic. Instead, it's a survival story about a man who fought his own doubts, uncertainty from his own family, and those who used him, to come to a place where music and happiness could co-exist.
Catnip for fans of The Beach Boys. Three great performances by Paul Dano, John Cusack and Elizabeth Banks.
It lurches between two decades and two actors, with no reliable center.
A wonderfully innervating cure for the common musical biopic ...
Emerges as a weighty, fitting salute to Wilson's restless creativity and a touching celebration of the love that would prove to be his salvation.
A warm, neat tribute to the Beach Boys mastermind.

@highlight

As unconventional and unwieldy as the life and legacy it honors, Love &amp; Mercy should prove moving for Brian Wilson fans while still satisfying neophytes.