The high-concept plot is so formulaic and predictable it feels more like software than script.
a funny movie about the sexes that doesn't diminish either gender in its execution--a tougher task, obviously, than one would presume.
What Happens in Vegas has mediocre direction and a strained screenplay, so how can it be any good? What carries the film is its two stars. If Ashton Kutcher bothers you, you'll probably hate What Happens in Vegas. If Cameron Diaz leaves you
Another predictable romantic comedy, one that insists that spending time locked into an unhappy marriage doesn't breed contempt, but sows love. [Blu-ray]
As far fetched as the idea of guy disgust as the ultimate aphrodisiac may seem, Cameron and Ashton as the designated lovebirds keep the kinky marriage shocks and surprises coming. Move over Knocked Up. A Sex And The Sin City Vegas jackpot.
This derivative rom-com works best when the leads are exacting revenge on each other.
The combined verve Diaz and Kutcher bring to the table saves a routine time-killer from being entirely forgettable.
I only wish they'd have spent more time drunk and in Vegas in the whole movie. Alas...
From seeing this movie and talking to several moviegoers, I discovered that there are two kinds of people: people who like Ashton Kutcher, and people who don't.
Should have stayed, not in Vegas, but elsewhere in the state of Nevada. How about those mountains where they are supposed to store the radioactive waste?
Both Kutcher and Diaz are in full-on desperation mode, straining in each scene to prove they can still be relevant, showing flashes of the charm that made them famous in the first place.
During the screening, I tried to come up with as many synonyms for the word "excruciating" as I could.
attempts nothing novel in its retelling of the couple who don't realize that they are perfect for each other, aside from positing an unsavory new popcorn topping
(Vegas) isn't a horrible film but it is not worth spending your money on to see in theatres.
It Happened One Drunken Night
...one of those bird-brained contrivances that would be over in no time if any of the characters had a lick of sense...
Pleasantly forgettable.
It's a sure bet you'll realize "What Happens in Vegas" is a by-the-numbers romantice comedy within the first 15 minutes.
Like many Vegas weddings, this mean-spirited "romantic comedy" only makes sense if you're drunk.
ena Tzak Pot sta klise poy paradoksos leitoyrgei anapanteha apotelesmatika, kyrios hari stin yperballoysa karikatoyristiki apeikonisi ton haraktiron poy se stigmes ftanei to anegkefala ksekardistiko kai sti himeia toy zeygoys ton ermineyton
Hardly a massive gamble, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher play a safe romcom hand you can tolerate.
What happens in this seriously flawed would-be romantic comedy is Nothing Much.
It's less obnoxious than Fool's Gold, less forced than Made of Honor and less formulaic (well, by a sliver, anyway) than 27 Dresses.
What Happens in Vegas is a sorrow attempt at a romantic comedy. So let the saying stand What happens in Vegas, should stay in Vegas.
Ultimately, What Happens in Vegas resembles a drunken night in Sin City; when it's over, you don't really remember what happened except that it wasn't good.
Diaz and Kutcher restore the original, ebullient meaning of 'sex comedy'. They're fun to watch, which is a rare thing in this Zellweger, Clooney, Kidman, Gosling, Apatow world.
This film is not the equivalent of brain surgery, but it is entertaining.
If you can ignore some rather silly moments and focus on the credible relationship between Jack and Joy, this will be reasonably entertaining.
Two fresh stars elevate the material into solid entertainment
Middling and forgettable.
The screenplay is awful, the direction is bland and the performances are beyond redemption.
The formula is too contrived and the chemistry not enough for any genuine sparks to fly
Kutcher has talent and potential. It has been his misfortune to attach his star to people who aren't up to the quality of his talent. He has time to correct this, but the clock is ticking.
I can't recommend it as a must-see date night getaway, neither will I discourage audiences looking for a little bit of mindless rom-com fun. And given the likable nature of the film's two stars, this trip to "Vegas" coasts by on just enough charm to make
What should have stayed in Vegas is this movie.
The colorful second bananas' bawdy badinage turns out to be a lot funnier than that of the co-stars who have little more to offer than their looks and sexual chemistry going for them.
A movie that just seems to be going through the motions, a thoroughly uninspired rehash of a formula done far better elsewhere.
Lucky for viewers, it's easy to laugh while watching this romantic comedy, mostly because of the comic skills Kutcher and Diaz bring to their performances.
Not the sin some claim it to be.
Wants to be liked so badly it's afraid to do anything that might actually make you respect it in the morning. In that sense, it works. It's a 99-minute PG-13 airplane movie good for a few chuckles and another notch on Rob Corddry's widening comedy belt.
Kutcher and Diaz both make good with what they have, but they deserve better.
With likeable actors like Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz who aren't afraid to go over the top for comedy, What Happens in Vegas turned into a pretty good film.
Scream, scream, scream. When did writers get the idea that what audiences find really funny in comedies is screaming? A full-out assault on your senses, the film isn't just bad. It's painful.
What Happens in Vegas contains enough unbridled silliness to salvage its lowbrow high concept.
What Happens in Vegas... should have stayed in development -- forever. This ramshackle -- and occasionally repulsive -- farce doesn't even deliver on the minimal promise of its title; most of it takes place in Manhattan.
What Happens in Vegas refuses to take a gamble. Like a bleary-eyed gambler repeatedly tossing a pair of dice, it tiredly goes through the motions.
When a movie depends on supporting characters to tell the audience just how good the romantic leads are together, you know you're in trouble deep.
Here's a romantic comedy that is goofy, highly implausible, sometimes over the top, often in bad taste, and resolutely empty-headed. In short, it's the best example of its genre to appear on the screen this year.
Why do we have to suffer through movies like What Happens in Vegas, which is the worst-in-breed not only for this year, but very likely in living memory.
What happens in Vegas is nobody has much fun.
We all know what happens in Vegas -- and we know, without having to watch it, what happens in this movie.
Considering that the title of the movie was conceived by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, it's not a huge surprise that What Happens in Vegas is stocked with product placement.
You'd think the combination of Diaz, Kutcher and Vegas would be good for at least a little sexy, silly fun. But don't bet on it.
At least they party harder than the 21 kids.
Directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Dana Fox, who also wrote the excruciating The Wedding Date, this film often seems improvised, and not in a good way. Some setups go nowhere, and some jokes never get set up at all.
Screenwriter Dana Fox (the dreadful Wedding Date was hers) and director Tom Vaughan can't find much fun or romance in this. What Happens in Vegas ... offers none of the surprises that screen comedy so desperately needs.
You know how some movies feel like they were made by a committee? What Happens in Vegas feels like it was made by checklist.
It's called What Happens in Vegas, but it should have been called What Happens in Hollywood as it pretty much defines contrived studio comedy.
For an idea of the level of wit, several gags are built around the name 'Dick Banger'.
While Diaz and Kutcher make their clichéd characters as likable as possible, you can bet on this: Any movie named after an already-stale ad campaign isn't likely to gamble on the unexpected.
By being a smidge smarter than the average date movie, it makes the first-time meeting, the battle of the sexes and the bumpy course of true love entertaining despite overfamiliarity.
What Happens in Vegas is about as bubbly as flat champagne. While aiming for an intoxicating blend of high-energy comedy, the romantic comedy's predictable story, and the lack of chemistry between stars Diaz and Kutcher, don't leave it withmuch of a kick.
The latest uptight chick/slacker dude romantic comedy is so formulaic, you could win big if you placed bets on what's going to happen next.
What Happens in Vegas feels oddly stilted yet desperate, as though its principals felt the need to overcompensate for the too-neat symmetry of opening scenes with over-the-top violence and bright orange tans.
A PG-13 sitcom rom-com that desperately wants to be a Judd Apatow movie when it grows up, Tom Vaughan's flat film mixes screwball comedy with self-help clichés to tired effect.
It's a testament to how good casting can help a film and bad writing can hurt it even more.
None of this is anything we haven't seen countless times before in rom-com land, of course, and it would be giving the filmmakers way too much credit to say they have entertainingly tweaked a winning but cob-webbed formula.
The outcome of What Happens In Vegas is obvious, but the journey there is fun.
Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz almost pull off Vegas despite everything. And there's quite a bit of everything.
Who knew the title wasn't simply clever (inviting the rejoiner 'stays in Vegas') but a dire warning of a bad movie ahead?
It was inevitable that an annoying catchphrase would one day become the title for an annoying movie. What Happens in Vegas is not only annoying, it's also incompetent -- a bad mix.
Though likely not a film you'll remember a month after seeing it, it does hit most of the right notes for a good date flick.
The felicitous pairing of Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher overcomes the mechanical setup of this amiable screwball comedy about mismatched Manhattanites who wed in Las Vegas following a drunken first date.
When it was over I felt vaguely embarrassed. I wasn't just leaving a movie theater. I was taking a walk of shame.
What Happens in Vegas is the kind of terrible mistake performers as big as Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher usually make at the beginning of their careers, when they're anxious to break into the movies, or at the end, when they're struggling for a comeback
What happens in Vegas is exactly what you would expect: It's formulaic, slapsticky, silly and loud, until it goes all gooey in the end.
Joy and Jack are fated to fall in lazy-movie-love.
The supporting players save What Happens in Vegas from rom-com infamy.
...one can't help but wonder if there's anything of interest left to say within this increasingly stale genre.
I like to learn something every day. In this case I discovered a harsh truth. You can have slapstick without the comedy.
What Happens in Vegas is a clever concept lamely executed.
Bland enough to make millions as culture edges closer to oblivion.
What Happens in Vegas should damn well have stayed in Vegas. Instead, the thing has leaked out as a movie that, one grey morning this week, swiped 100 minutes from my life.
What Happens in Vegas . . . boasts the not inconsiderable appeal of good-looking people having a good time -- even while having a bad time.
Amid the bright lights, Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher fail to generate even the faintest of erotic sparks.
not a complete lost cause, but no one tries to emerge from the icky goo known as mediocrity
The end result is easily the worst romantic comedy that you will find in theaters this weekend (or possibly this year) and yes, I am fully aware that "Made of Honor" is still playing.
Are you laughing yet? Are you moved by these incredible insights? Are you, most likely, looking for the exits?
I just don't know what to make of a scene in which a judge sentences two selfish jerks to "six months hard ... marriage," but I'm simply too old and too smart for material this insipid.
I didn't laugh much, and I never felt even an inkling of 'aw, cute!' romance -- but I didn't want to claw my eyes out, either. If that counts as a success, then I guess it's a hit.
A distinctly awful cover version of 'I Want A New Drug' plays on the soundtrack and is a direct thought to the audience who is going to need something a lot stronger to make it through this unrelentless excuse for a romantic comedy.
The good news is that the movie itself is nowhere near as disastrous as that trailer made it appear. The bad news is that the darn thing still isn't all that great.
As tepid romantic comedies go, they forgot to pack the fun. This one should have stayed in Vegas.
The battle for the human heart has official morphed from witty, sophisticated banter between star-crossed lovers to something akin to mixed martial arts.
'What Happens in Vegas' has a similar structure to 'Knocked Up,' only it has neither the unplanned pregnancy, nor the laughs.
So moronic it almost makes the recent mediocre Made of Honor seem sophisticated by comparison.
If I had anything kind to say about Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz before this film, I'm ready to take every word back...a shrill monstrosity of a romantic comedy.
What Happens In Vegas can be forwarded directly to the nominating committee of the Golden Raspberry Foundation.
A first- or second-date flick, after which there can be some Cheesecake Factory and maybe a peck on the cheek, no harm done. What Happens in Vegas is pleasant enough for all of that.
Not that What Happens in Vegas is any kind of great movie, but it's an exceedingly bright comedy that never makes you feel stupid for enjoying its brisk pacing, smart lines, sound construction and superb comic acting.
...has nothing to recommend it but the sight of Ashton Kutcher in a pink boa wearing a yard long glass in a cocktail sling...This one shouldclearly have stayed in Vegas.
Despite the presence of some likable, funny people, it's a painfully unfunny romantic comedy that makes you dislike those same people intensely.
The film gives a transparent spin to the saying that whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but Diaz and Kutcher bring a surprising sweetness to their generic roles and the story's contrived situations.
What Happens In Vegas is about as silly and pleasant as it needs to be, no more, no less.
I am so tired of these miserable things that pass for romantic comedies these days, thoughtless assembly-line products that recycle the same components in ever-dumber packaging over and over again.
What Happens in Vegas, one of those junky time-wasters that routinely pop up in movie theaters, won't make you laugh much or at all.
Complain all you want about the affable slobs in Judd Apatow comedies; at least they're not tools.
The overall sour tone and worn-out feel of the movie overwhelm any positive aspects.
So many things, small and large, erode any sense of fun here. The movie looks like crud -- like it, too, stayed up and drank all night.
Though a notch above Made of Honor on the tolerability scale, Vegas takes a shot at love with all the romantic know-how of Tila Tequila.
The stars, despite having only a fraction of the charm and talent of classic sparring-but-meant-for-each-other duos, know how to mug for the camera and well up on cue, and somehow that turns out to be enough to carry this trifle.
You can take what happens in Vegas, keep it in Vegas, and keep the rest of the us out of it.
What Happens in Vegas . . . should have stayed in Vegas. Or in New York, where most of this predictable, uninspired film takes place. Or in Hollywood, where such lamebrained ideas are hatched.
What Happens in Vegas is evidence that putting two attractive stars together onscreen is not enough to make a good, or even passable, 90 minutes of entertainment.
Ashton Kutcher has his first real hit movie -- even with the predictable ending.
While watching insipid romantic comedies, I often cling to the comic supporting characters as my life preserver.
With a script that only barely hangs together by the skin of its teeth, this romantic comedy survives on the considerable charm of its terrific cast.
The plot is both feeble and ridiculous, but this still delivers more than its fair share of laughs, thanks to terrific comic performances from Kutcher, Diaz and supporting players Rob Corddry and Lake Bell.
Full-contact marital warfare connects with every body part save the funny bone.
While Diaz and Kutcher work through their stock repertoire of winsomeness, the second bananas steal the show.
Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz hate on each other with dynamite verve in What Happens in Vegas.
Raunchy romantic comedy has a softer side, too.
This breezy confection should work well corralling it's target demo to come up triple 7s for Fox if the marketplace can handle yet another rom com.
Sadly, about the nicest thing I can say about What Happens in Vegas is that I didn't hate it -- although I suppose that's something.
Like Mr. and Mrs. Smith without the action or The Break-Up with less depth--if that's even possible...
Though utterly contrived, predictable, and disposable, this counter-proragmming date flick has a certain charm, due to Cameron Diaz's sex appeal and ease with slapstick and her onscreen chemistry with lead man Ashton Kutcher.
There are no big surprises, and only a handful of unexpected developments. But Kutcher and Diaz are undeniably appealing...nd the scene-stealing supporting players...go about their petty larceny with amusing adroitness.
This tone-deaf flick from hack screenwriter Dana Fox, is an example of a Hollywood formula romantic comedy where the author never properly learned the recipe.
The film delivers what it promises as a freewheeling, bitchy-mouthed romantic comedy, so it's a good date movie. Perhaps newlyweds, too




@highlight

What Happens in Vegas has a few laughs, but mostly settles for derivative romantic comedy conventions and receives little help from a pair of unlikable leads.