It's an impressive debut feature and will be interesting to see Corin Hardy's elevation from the indie to the mainstream.
... different from the usual horror film about a little house lost in the forest. [Full review in Spanish]
By the time The Hallow builds to its breathtakingly personal climax, it's hard not to be impressed by what Hardy has accomplished.
While it won't leave you the unwelcome gift of nightmares, The Hallow is an admirable first-time out for director Corin Hardy. You can see where every cent was spent, but that kind of adds to the fun.
A sophisticated and scary horror picture with way above-average effects.
This gloomy little film has neither the imagination nor the effects to carry off its story.
The Hallow promises to be an Irish mythological horror, replete with wee folk and banshees. Unhappily, it merely namechecks these entities and delivers nothing of the sort.
Some scattered thrills can't overcome the pedestrian trappings of this monster movie.
What starts off as a decent psychological thriller ceases to be really frightening when we see the Orc-type creatures.
The Hallow is a consistent and efficient exercise in tension and scare tactics.
Corin Hardy's frightening and fantastic horror tale The Hallow packs all the right ingredients for a satisfyingly creepy collision of science and superstition.
This ecologically themed horror movie scores points for atmosphere and imagination, though it isn't particularly scary. The characters are little more than ciphers, so I wasn't inclined to root for them when they got into trouble.
In a departure from the sexually active teens of most slasher movies, "The Hallow" plays on more grown-up fears: keeping your family safe and steering clear of a vengeful Mother Nature.
While the core elements of the story never quite add up (writer/director Hardy struggles to reconcile the "bad fairy" fantasy with the Straw Dogs-y home invasion grit), there are a few arresting set pieces ...
The Hallow is a dark and twisted fairy tale that is a horrifying twist on the genre with spectacular special effects and vividly grotesque folklore.
The "bad fairies" lurking within have the ability to stretch their roots and branches round car engines and baby's cots. The problem is that the plotting gets lost amid all the foliage.
Nothing but atmosphere, albeit atmosphere that is more effective and elegant than the typical horror flick. But there's almost no actual story here.
A script lacking in fresh ideas proves to be an insurmountable obstacle. For a film revolving around trees, The Hallow is sadly nowhere near barking enough.
Samey, but some arresting sequences scattered throughout.
It's a very accomplished horror feature that doesn't sacrifice characters for cheap scares, and celebrates its excellent effects work with beautiful cinematography and a love and respect for its creatures.
Rather than falling into cliché, Hardy's quickening pace, coupled with truly creepy cinematography by Martijn van Broekhuizen and gruesome makeup, creates a surprisingly taut thriller.
This backwoods monster movie boasts compelling performances, eye-catching creatures and an effective blend of practical and digital effects.
The Hallow is a horror movie in which evil black gunge plays a key role and rural Ireland is the backdrop. A bit like Dark Water meets Ballykissangel, but worse than both.
The story may be a familiar one...but it's told with such verve and an eye for chilling detail that this marks Hardy out as one to watch.
Hardy perfectly rations the in-jokes and suspense, building to a gooey and unnerving crescendo that recalls the heyday of the fright-flick.
No new ground is broken, but the point of folklore is to tell the old tales again.
It's fanboy horror to satiate the hungriest genre fiends out there - slick, but simple-minded.
Amid all the horror and the black ooze, there emerges a deeply touching story about the power of love.
It can be a bit disorienting and some details might be missed, but it's hard not to get wrapped up in the story of a family trying to stick together and fight off invading forces.
The production design evokes the baroque organic menace of Guillermo del Toro's enchanted otherworlds; the inventive sound design uses the high-pitched electronic whine of a charging camera flash to unsettling effect.
A great option for those seeking horror outside of the Hollywood formula. [Full review in Spanish]
A horror/fantasy film that, whithout showing us something really new on the genre, keeps the audience interested thanks to a good plot, great execution and very capable cast. [Full review in Spanish]
Pretty quickly, you'll be suffering from fiend fatigue.
The decision of using practical effects instead of CGI add much more value and realism to this horror tale. [Full review in Spanish]
Combines the city-folk-besieged-by-rural-horror of Straw Dogs with the dark fairytale appropriation of Pan's Labyrinth and the grotesque practical monster effects of The Thing and Alien.
High on atmosphere and chills, but only passable when it comes to anything beyond surface-deep emotional content. It's almost there, but just shy of greatness.
John Nolan's old-school effects are wicked good, and Martijn van Broekhuizen's mossy photography is pleasingly sinister.
Creepy critters, effectively used, are The Hallow's biggest asset; otherwise it's a standard-issue monster movie that doesn't bring much new to the groaning table.
I recommend this movie to those looking a cheap scare but also for those who like deep meaning behind those scares. [Full review in Spanish]
The Hallow brings nothing new to the table and will leave you with a desire to watch the far superior movies that influenced it.
A new take on the horror formula, unfortunately sometimes it contradicts itself. [Full review in Spanish]
Undoubtedly the most heart-pounding film you'll ever see with a "Fungal Research Advisor" listed in the credits.
The Hallow is top flight cult horror that nips at Guillermo Del Toro's heels while offering a thrilling ride for audiences.
The Hallow offers plenty of scares and is unnerving from wire to wire, wrapping up the second act with a bang and red-lining the tension until the end.
The film never really digs into its suggested themes of gentrification, domestic turmoil, or backwoods folklore, but most of its effectiveness stems from a kitchen-sink approach to genre clichés.
Takes some time to find solid footing and pull us in, but the promise of dark dangers is ultimately fulfilled.
an inventive ecological variant on Invasion of the Bodysnatchers, reconfiguring Celtic folklore for a more rationalist age.
Acclaimed pop promo director Corin Hardy makes a slick, confident debut with supernatural horror The Hallow.
Should be sought out by genre fans who like to cast their nets beyond Hollywood.
While Hardy's film ends on a whimper, The Hallow is still a handsomely produced horror movie with genuine scares, great monsters, and fine performances.
A creature feature, a siege movie, possession and body horror.
It takes time for "The Hallow" to get rolling, but once it reaches a bang-up final act, genre fans could walk out clamoring for a sequel.
[A] viscerally scary fantasy horror tale ...
A hollow piece of fantasy horror that opens the door before knocking.

@highlight

Drenched in dark atmosphere and bolstered with some real emotion underneath all the chills, The Hallow suggests a wonderfully horrifying future for director Corin Hardy.