Unfortunately, The Woman In Black: Angel Of Death has nothing in common with its predecessor as far as quality goes
Filmed in virtually non-stop darkness, this sequel lacks any tension-producing shivers or fright.
Overall, the movie doesn't rewrite the book of shock (despite the jump scares), but what you get is a fast-paced scare flick with an ending that could have been creepier.
Angel of Death took that solid foundation and wasted it with unoriginal, lazy storytelling and a drab visual sensibility.
A seriously underwhelming sequel...
Not as gripping as the original -- but it works for what it is.
Offering nothing new in the way of shocks and suspense and relying on tired horror tropes, this is a tiresome slog rather than a chilling sequel. A disappointing follow-up to the far superior original.
Tom Harper does a truly admirable job of using atmosphere and the movie's creepy setting to give audiences a sense of unease, but moves away from the deadly force we were introduced to in 2012, which feels like a bit of a step backwards.
Much of the horror boils down to heavily underscored jump scares that are neither particularly frightening nor, like the movie as a whole, memorable.
Not as strong as the first outing, but it still works as a classy and refined example of how to revisit the "vintage" horror vibe.
When things go bump, director Tom Harper duly makes us jump on cue, but the patchy script ensures the scares don't have quite the same impact as before.
Mostly jolt-horror. Racks up scores of scare-miles by simply skimming here and there, rather than really rattling skeletons in history's closet or plunging head-first into chilly psychological depths.
This is a ghost story that is short on both ghost and story.
Has a smattering of effective moments and a creepy cinematographic look to it, but the sequel's redundancy to its predecessor and pulseless feints at tapping into human emotion leech the suspense out of the picture.
There's more to a good horror thriller than saying "boo" and killing children
Director Tom Harper frames the occasional lovely creepy shot, but the grayness is so enveloping it turns many night scenes and interiors into smoky blurs; the promising wartime themes similarly lose focus.
Falls short thanks to its contrived banality, too concerned with matching the exploits of the preceding endeavour than being unique and inventive in its own right.
Composed out of almost nothing but half-measures and recycled ideas, and the result is worse than terrible: it's astoundingly mediocre and plodding.
The sequel is about as far from the original source as you can get while still using the title, The Woman in Black. It is just as far away from being interesting.
What's missing from The Woman in Black 2, and what it needs most and has least of all, is suspense.
Director Tom Harper conveys this theme through dark, moldy-looking mise-en-scene and the uniformly sullen performances he elicits from the cast; you're more likely to find this depressing than scary.
Creepy but unnecessary sequel deals with war, kids in peril.
I can't deny that The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is a good looking, decently made ghost story. What I also can't deny is that it mostly just doesn't work, isn't scary and drags.
Feeble scares, punctuated by a creepy, predictable sound track...
A suspense-free step-down.
Rather than crafting a setpiece worthy of the atmosphere he's created, Harper falls back on easy, throw-the-boogens-in-the-audience's-face scares.
This is a case of taking things too far without the proper structure in place, leaving it trapped like its hapless protagonists far from safety.
Apparently the vengeful spirit was not satisfied and has settled for less compelling subjects to terrorize this time around, and less compelling ways to terrorize them.
A respectably effective, decorously English addition to the current ghost story wave - Frightfully Insidious, as it were.
It's just a lot of people skulking around in an old creaky house, idiotically calling out "Hello" to the things that go bump in the night. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
The Woman in Black: Angel of Death reeks of a film that was hastily cobbled together in order to capitalise on the original film's success.
Redundancy is about all it offers, despite an entirely new set of characters and a story set 40 years after the early 20th-century original.
The first Woman in Black was a familiar horror story effectively told; the sequel is just as familiar, but the presentation is lacking.
Director Tom Harper makes inventive use of the settings.
The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is yet another example that not all successful horror movies have what it takes to become successful horror franchises.
"The Woman in Black 2" might have served as an effective tribute to movies like "Curse of the Cat People." That is, if it hadn't completely squandered all this goodwill in its last third.
The Woman may be back for another fright, but Angel of Death doesn't haunt like it should.
It may not be very clever, and the plot may be full of holes, but this sequel's clammy atmosphere is so unnerving that it manages to keep us squirming in our seats.
So turgid and enervated that it's more likely to generate snores than shudders.
It's a dour, drab, dark movie, enlivened by some moderately effective chills in the first half but ultimately undone by its downbeat aimlessness.
It's mostly deadly dull, and when it does liven up a tad, the haunted house tale offers only wan shock tactics.
The title is more intimidating than the movie.
Te eerie power of the original novel, and its memorable 1989 ITV adaptation, is missed, because she's so much scarier seen at a distance.
The 1940s setting gives the film's first half some unearned gravity, but by the end the jump-scares and rote plot frightens away the good will.
There's building tension, and then there's cheaply toying with us. This movie is a prime example of the latter.
Are you scared yet? Check this box: Yes [ ] No [X].
A dull and Radcliffe-free continuation that's more about cashing in on a potential franchise than opening the tale up for a second inspection.
With an over-reliance on cheap jolts, this distaff sequel excels in fog-soaked atmosphere, but stumbles with its repetitive storytelling and stilted pacing.
Deathly dull
We return to Eel Marsh House, that spooky, bog-bedeviled pile haunted by the woman who clearly does not think orange is the new black, and holds a bit of a grudge against children as a species.
The director, Tom Harper, seems less interested in allegory than in monotonous, conventional goosing, the kind that involves flickering lights and a creaky rocking chair.
Flawed but genuinely creepy ghost story The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is disappointing, but only because it comes close to greatness.
She's back, the Woman in Black, and it does give one pause to wonder if it's for no better reason than to scare up some more box office lucre.
The material feels stale from nearly the first scene featuring the threatening old manse.
The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is an improvement on its predecessor. That said, the new installment is, at best, a serviceable creep show, one with far more chills than thrills.
not awful, just average
Director Tom Harper and screenwriter Jon Croker offer up plenty of atmosphere, but every good idea this sequel has to offer winds up taking a backseat to the most obvious cat-in-the-closet "BOO!" moments imaginable.
Director Tom Harper reins back on the Gothic overkill of the original, keeping the jump shocks to a minumum so when they come - you feel them.
Harper's well-appointed sequel has strong performances even if the Woman becomes a supporting character in her own tale.
A handsomely made but dramatically inert and not very scary sequel to 2012's surprise-hit ($127 million worldwide) Edwardian chiller.
The film is rarely truly scary despite a smattering of chilling moments.
The transparent title character from 2012's "The Woman in Black" is resurrected in this sequel, which abandons atmosphere for cheap scares.
Thinks it's hitting notes of subconscious dread, but it's just swinging a sledgehammer of tropes and hoping one of them sticks. (Spoiler: None do.)
despite an attempt to present a classy brand of horror, every ten minutes or so there is also gratuitous resort to a cheap jump-shock, in case viewers had forgotten that this is a quickie cash-in sequel rather than an old-school classic.
The film ends up cheapening its sense of empathy in its final mad rush to subject audiences to every incarnation of the jump scare imaginable.
It's the filmmakers' own lack of imagination that will likely doom this would-be franchise to an early grave.
A much bolder, braver horror sequel than most.
With a lot of repetitive jumps, jolts and shrieking, it's a haunted house story that's only marginally more unsettling than next year's stamp duty charges.
Over-egged, underwritten and less scary than a barrel of inherently friendly puppies, The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death fails in just about every way a horror film can.
It's missing a stand-out shock but it's well-paced, stylish and, at times, deeply unsettling.
The denouement is unexpected and satisfying, while the peril provided by the Second World War backdrop cleverly matches the supernatural suspense.
A commercially driven sequel, sure - but still effective.
Predictable shock tactics, drippy wartime romance and scenes in which the characters leaf tremulously through Victorian photo albums and spout exposition.
By no means a disaster, The Woman in Black: Angel of Death's very adequateness is its own cautionary tale. The need to keep a franchise breathing but stable, cuts off the new possibilities to make it come thrillingly alive.

@highlight

The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is atmospheric and visually sharp, but it's short on tension and scares.