The Life Aquatic is populated by brilliantly coloured, unusual specimens and that's not counting the fish.
... has a slow and natural progression, as Anderson's oceanographer searches for the shark that killed his partner, getting sidetracked by every possible diversion along the way. The diversions are kind of where it's at.
While one may expect a little more consistency from a film with such acclaim, consistency is hardly the order of the day when one is making iconoclastic and unconventional movies like Anderson does.
Like the jaguar shark, The Life Aquatic is hard to get a hook into.
If you go with it, you'll love the film.
Aquatic seems willfully eccentric without ever letting the rest of us in on the joke.
Much of what happens feels rough, as if Anderson never completed his shooting script... But individual moments... just might keep you entertained throughout the film's near-two-hour running time
Anderson needs to diversify his bag of tricks A.S.A.P. -- unless he wants to exhaust his audiences' good will by cycling them through the same dreary spirals of ennui as he does his characters.
For some, Anderson's world is too hermetically sealed and downright strange to be affecting; for others, there's an irresistible charm to his eccentric characters.
Little can convey the texture of the Texan writer/director's fourth feature, other than to say it is unmistakably Andersonian, as off-kilter and tricksy as The Royal Tenenbaums.
Not entirely successful, but colourful, charming and packed to the gunwales with talent.
Torn between heartbreak and hilarity, I found myself squirming with conflicted delight, braying like a circus clown on the outside while merrily crying away on the inside.
The Life Aquatic drifts along at a lazy pace, the occasional encounter with pirates notwithstanding.
There's no doubt that Anderson is an inventive filmmaker bursting with ideas. The problem is that he hasn't found a powerful story to contain them.
Murray's inertia spurs Anderson to new heights of directorial inertia. Steve Zissou isn't the only filmmaker undergoing a mid-life crisis.
Noah Baumbach collaborated on the arch script, whose bittersweet weirdness leaves a residue even as the narrative disintegrates.
Like the film's fake fish, The Life Aquatic is endlessly fascinating to watch but, if you look closer, there's not much there.
Anderson benefits tremendously from the always-engaging production design by Mark Friedberg, a delightful score by former Devo-ian Mark Mothersbaugh, and the always-engaging performances by top-notch actors.
Twisted yet exquisitely witty.
All you need to know is that the film is a rare original, something of lasting value that will keep you engrossed and entertained in a dry, downbeat tone that is focused and filmic and fantastic.
Even Bill Murray, leading a now-typical set of odd Andersonian characters, can't keep this one afloat.
Wes Anderson creates a highly stylized and peculiar world, which either works for you or it doesn't. It works for me beautifully...
full review in Greek
A film I'll be able to return in years hence and have lovely waves of happiness wash over me.
The director magically conjures emotional dividends in the film's invigorating last moments, which wordlessly celebrate an underrated and truly Andersonian virtue: solidarity.
The garish, exotic, retro styling is Anderson at his visual best. In terms of character and sensibility, though, this is sadly Anderson at his worst.
Anderson and Baumbach have crafted a world like no other, asking viewers to just sit back and accept all of the weird, deadpan whimsy and esoteric lyricism surrounding them.
Even when caught in a rut, Anderson's obsessive vision still yields many exhilarating surprises.
magnificent display of talents not weaved into coherent story
Has a quiet comical edginess that reflects the poignancy of the situation and the characters.
This take on undersea adventure movies, though studded with amusing bits, feels smug and self-satisfied, as if the quirkiness no longer is merely a by-product of the way Anderson views the world.
Expect the absurd, the bizarre, the sweet, and the occasionally surreal, and you'll probably have a darn good time with The Life Aquatic.
Successfully, the film employs a sense of discovery that is befitting; you're eager to see what Zissou sees beneath the ocean's surface. You just may not feel what he does.
There's nothing wrong with Wes Anderson's The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou that a digital insertion of Gene Hackman wouldn't solve.
There's precious little humanity on display and Steve Zissou is nowhere near as compelling a character as his similarly downbeat Bob Harris in Lost In Translation.
Suggests that Wes Anderson may have become too immersed in his own meticulous and idiosyncratic world to quite realize that he's left ours far behind.
Funny, gorgeous, and touching in spurts.
There is a distinct sense that Anderson is trying to re-invent himself with this film.
Kudos for tone and flavor, but if you take the meat of something we aren't inclined to eat, all the best seasonings in the world won't save it.
The film's storyline plays out as a comic riff on Moby-Dick, which is hilarious if you're on Anderson's wavelength but will probably bore to tears those who aren't.
Orson Welles said a film studio was the best train-set a boy could have, but The Life Aquatic is something else: Anderson uses the sound stages of Cinecittá like a kid playing with toy boats in the bath. He makes one hell of a splash.
Anderson's ability to deftly flip between whimsy and sentiment remains intact.
Stylish, quirky, enjoyable comedy-drama, with a superb ensemble cast and a terrific soundtrack - this is a treat for fans of Anderson's work, although the uninitiated may be less impressed.
Wes Anderson has been hailed as a genius by many. On this evidence, he's not quite there yet, but if you liked Bottle Rocket, Rushmore, and The Royal Tenenbaums -- you'll like this.
Only The Beatles' Yellow Submarine equals The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou for brilliant, psychedelic surrealism.
The result is something rich and strange, both a comedy of the absurd, and an allegory for all those who find themselves at sea.
Well, this is a painful review to write. The film is a mess. The really odd occurrences are just that...odd. They have no resonance.
There was some great action and some funny bits but I found this film a little too strange for my taste.
I guess I was just in the mood for (Wes Anderson's) latest offering, "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou."
I really don't know what to make of this movie, other than to say that it was definitely the least impressive addition to Anderson's filmography so far.
Wes Anderson's most self-conscious movie to date. It's also his worst.
Almost entirely whimsical. It bears little resemblance to reality, well, maybe Hollywood reality ...
I think it's the closest thing to a new millennium BUCKAROO BANZAI that we'll ever see.
Aquatic gave me plenty to ponder. But I also remember that, while I was watching it, I wished it were more fun.
It's a beautiful picture to look at, as all of his films are, but good use of color and mixing up your film stock do not a classic make.
This is a movie to watch a million times and never tire of.
I admired it more than I liked it, and there was a lot about it that I didn't even admire.
It is heartening to reflect that the best of Bill Murray may be yet to come.
The movie's driving force is Anderson's signature sense of humor. The underlying (and unspoken) joke of this oddball farce is that it is transparently fake.
Entertaining enough to earn a recommendation as a light piece of eye candy
The film, in its slices, is really quite grand.
I'm eager to see what Anderson might achieve with his muse when he strips away some of the busyness and shrinks the parameters of his playground. Until then, we've got the funny, bewildering, giddy spectacle of The Life Aquatic.
all of Anderson's offbeat cinematic ingenuity can't disguise the fact (or is maybe the reason) that The Life Aquatic just doesn't have much going for it emotionally
The movie is so listless yet so proud of its whimsy that it demands someone to point out the obvious: in The Aquatic Life With Steve Zissou, Wes Anderson jumps the jaguar shark.
An interesting, but not entirely entertaining film.
Anderson has balanced what's funny about his concept with a generous number of jokes on-screen... It makes me expectant again.
[Wes Anderson] fourth and most elaborate film fits no genre and defies quick summary.
The film is often quite funny.
A unique achievement.
If you like Murray, and you can savor the concept of a movie that could be a bulked-up version of one of his old Saturday Night Live skits, you will likely like the film.
It is messy, perplexing and weird, but in a good way.
Director Wes Anderson's best work to date.
Say what you will about the film but it's not cookie cutter. It finds its own rhythm to march to. The Life Aquatic surprised me every few minutes.
The movie, well, it stinks like a rotting beached whale.
What peculiar cinema of the sea Wes Anderson's The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou is.
Might have worked better as an amusing diversion, but Anderson is clearly trying for more. He's tried too hard.
Quirky and oftentimes absurd, The Life Aquatic is an action comedy of misfit proportions.
...about another Anderson dreamer whose ambitions far exceed any real talent.
Though it looks like a Wes Anderson film, it doesn't feel like one.
'...the plot is off kilter, the wit is as dry as a James Bond martini, and all the characters are wacky.'
The audacity of The Life Aquatic is in director Wes Anderson stepping through fashionable attitude and into human essence.
With or without Steve Zissou, Anderson's disaster can now be mentioned with the Titanic, Cutthroat Island and the Exxon Valdez.
Stubbornly devoted to Wes Anderson's precociously detailed and miniature worldview but still one-of-a-kind.
Anderson's latest endeavour will have you yawning from start to finish.**
A take off on Jacques Cousteau's life that never takes off
Your whimsy tolerance will be tested.
Zissou is the latest manifestation of the character that anchors all of Anderson's films -- the mournful king who realizes his kingdom is slipping away.
If Anderson can ever focus on actually making a MOVIE -- instead of proving how zany he is -- the man may create something of lasting value.
(Bill) Murray's blank stare might be because there's nothing he can do to improve things. Usually it's a device he uses to accent eccentricity.
...The Life Aquatic stirs up some sugary silt at the bottom of your gut.
All you need to join Team Zissou is a red knit cap, a blue Speedo, and apparently, a bad sense of humor... The comedy is so subtle, it's easy to miss completely.
Do you ever feel like everyone but you is in on the joke?
Lacks the energy and snap of previous Anderson films, but as Bill Murray says about a jaguar shark: 'It's pretty good, isn't it?'
It hearkens back nicely to Rushmore...
Who cares? This is boring. The actors are clearly bored and it's hard enough to stay awake. Don't bother.
The Life Aquatic is a sluggish, lifeless, monumental disappointment -- annoying, smirking and self-satisfied about its own cleverness and ironic detachment.
As the grizzled Peter Pan, Murray puts in his most understated and complex performance; he's by turns pathetic, obnoxious, and scintillating.
What's most troubling about Anderson is how lifeless his movies are getting.
Full of [Wes Anderson's] many trademark flourishes.
Any movie confident enough to end with the cast jauntily walking down the street (a la Buckaroo Banzai) is worth a look.
...has an uneven tone and an erratic rhythm that might have been grating were it not for the anchoring performances of Murray and Wilson... and the consistent looniness...
If you've disliked [Anderson's] other films, there's no reason to check this one out. If you're a fan, this may prove to be the acid test.
If that's true, maybe Anderson is wearing his heart on his sleeve for the first time: He could be paying wry tribute to the medium, showing real love for the process that lets him use his offbeat gifts. But I wouldn't bet on it.
It's one of the great mysteries of contemporary Hollywood that a talent as sideways as Wes Anderson gets bankrolled by a major, and not famously risky, studio like Disney.
Ultimately, it's hard to connect with these odd, distant people, and though the film has an ending that finds some grace, it's too little, too late.
Murray's deadpan presence holds it all together. Like France's Jacques Tati, he's a master of minimalist angst and perfect straight man to a darkly comic world and Anderson keeps him skillfully positioned at the eye of the storm.
This movie is so odd, so uncommercial and so unformulaic, particularly for something produced by a major studio (Disney, in this case), that I can't imagine how Anderson got his idea for it past the front office and in front of cameras.
It's not funny. Neither is it sad, or moving, and without any of that, The Life Aquatic is not much of a movie.
The whimsy feels forced, and Murray is the only player allowed to hunt for laughs. More Goldblum would have helped. Wilson acts overshadowed, Dafoe has too little screen time and Blanchett is only a middling straight man.
For a while, Life Aquatic gets mileage out of its quirkiness and the promise that a real plot will kick in. But it's not to be, and for most of the film's second half it feels like Anderson and his characters are treading water.
There is a charming 90-minute comedy somewhere in Life Aquatic, but the extra 30 or so minutes in this version point out just how self-indulgent Anderson is becoming.
The David Bowie songs sung in Portuguese on the soundtrack of The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou are a lot like the movie itself. You may not understand the language, but you recognize what's being said as familiar and reassuring in some way.
A ruse of a film that doesn't have a tenth of the wit it thinks it has.
Murray's deadpan performance is one of the many disappointments in the movie: It's a minimalist bit of acting, in both style and effort.
There are rewards if you make the effort to understand what Anderson and co-screenwriter Noah Baumbach are trying to say, and at times The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou is weird, wild and wonderful.
Vastly disappointing, an uneasy mixture of characters and events, artifice and realism.
At times arrogant, furious, ridiculous and mopey, in the end, Steve Zissou carries The Life Aquatic with an understated grace.
The visuals are all there -- if films got prizes for best poster, this one would be a shoo-in. But story, heart and purpose all seem to be lost at sea.
Despite its cast and director, it's an amazingly unfunny movie, drowned in its own conceits, half-strangled by the tongue so obtrusively in its cheek.
I can't recommend it, but I would not for one second discourage you from seeing it.
The film's meta-fey title alone is an example of why some people adore Anderson and why he drives others absolutely crazy.
The Life Aquatic is Anderson's least interesting film, and should serve as a demonstration of the vapidity of his so-called brilliance.
The movie is so arrogant and self-satisfied that if it had genitals, I would kick them.
Hovers frustratingly somewhere between charming and only mildly amusing.
There's not a convincing character to be found, and none of the film's dramatic scenes or emotional catharses have the ring of truth necessary for us to be affected.
The Life Aquatic is full of moments of strange tranquility and screwball juxtaposition.
With his perpetually slumped shoulders and downcast eyes, Murray nails his character's weariness; you feel tired just looking at him. But lethargy is not necessarily something you want in an audience, and eventually the movie starts to seem fatigued.
The Life Aquatic is a movie deeply immersed in movie lore, and the more seasoned the swimmer the richer the experience.
A funny, smart and satisfying cruise into the Triangle of Comedy Comfort.
Stocked with colorful characters, episodic wit and well-placed pop tunes, Aquatic stays funny even as it flails about at sea.
It's too fragmented, lacks pace and is filled with so many eccentricities that it's hard to discern the point, if Anderson is even trying to make one. But watching Anderson fail is still more rewarding that watching other filmmakers succeed.
I've got to hand it to Wes Anderson. His films don't always work, but they are never boring.
Life Aquatic may not be as cuddly as his other productions, but it still resonates loudly with grace, joy and originality. It's a remarkable piece of filmmaking.
It may be impossible to love The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou, but it's remarkably easy to drown in its sea of eccentricity.
Rich, strange and almost inexplicably satisfying, Life Aquatic is very much a movie to see and treasure.
Murray shines through Anderson's artificial half-movie -- always offering something sadder and deeper. Still, it's hard to get invested when the director won't stop winking.
An often clever film with some genuine laughs and a playful streak.
A mixed-bag but worth a look.
[C]inematic flotsam that drifts quickly out of mind.
The story (written by Anderson and Noah Baumbach) meanders in such a meaningless way that the visual details, as carefully wrought as they are, come off as mere props.
Flat, unfocused and weirdly random.
Not as fresh and surprising as, say, Rushmore. Still, I'll take a filmmaker who keeps using the same interesting devices over one who doesn't even know any.
If there's anything more tiresome in film today than hip irony, it is forced irony, and here comes a boatload.
Wes Anderson takes another spiky, askance and hilarious look at family relationships, while at the same time paying homage to those goofy nature films of the 1970s. It's a disarmingly enjoyable film that you never want to end.
The film is very prickly, and full of offbeat humor that isn't welcoming to anyone who doesn't buy into the cold, wooden tone.
Often, The Life Aquatic borrows too much from the characters of Anderson's earlier work. But the humor and imagination of the piece more than makes up.
The problem with Life Aquatic is not that it's not funny, but that Anderson is already repeating ideas and recycling characters from his other films.
This waterlogged bit of whimsy is the cinematic equivalent of a belly-flop.
Lately, I've complained that "gross" does not equal funny. Well, "weird" does not equal "entertaining."
Smug and slow moving. Who cares about Steve Zissou? For Anderson, it is all about the boat.
It's sad to see the filmmaker himself sinking under the weight of his own ambition.
This is one of the most irritating, self-conscious and smug films of the year, working neither as a dark comedy nor a character study.
Worth mentioning in the same breath as Rushmore or The Royal Tenenbaums? Absolutely not.
blithely flits from the sublime to the ridiculous and back again with such an agile sleight-of-hand that the two eventually merge into a surprisingly coherent amalgam
Overall, un-evenly entertaining. Rich quality moments somewhat make up for substantial downtime. Undoubtedly, this will prove a risky film.
A lovable masterpiece replete with oddity and imagination.
All of director Wes Anderson's movies have an idiosyncratic charm, but quirkiness alone isn't necessarily a virtue.
This laughless and smileless dud ... is as dead as a doornail.
has its small pleasures, but mostly it just flaps around like a dying fish
The Life Aquatic stands on its own as a genuine piece of great, progressive filmmaking for the hardworking director.
The pirate attack is so outright unreal, it may be as real as anything else in either the documentary or the fiction.
Why is it that so many people think this filmmaker is the voice of their generation? Is their generation that vacuous?
One of the year's most ambitious and richly entertaining pictures.
The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is Anderson's best film to date.
Admirably scruffy in its droll comic pursuits, but has all the storytelling aplomb of a Sunday-funnies section.
It's part of that American eccentricity to obsess over growing up. Anderson's obsession has genuine, daffy substance.
Murray's dry humor goes a long way toward making an essentially reprehensible character into a slyly entertaining portrait of middle-aged angst, egoism and neediness.
I savored every frame and gorged on every sound (being a fan of '70s Bowie helps).
It's a collage of half-measures.
It's so cool all the life has drained away, leaving nothing behind but a faint whiff of attitude.
Anderson holds steady to the delicate emotions that run beneath this stormy comedy of betrayal, death and forgiveness.
A pearl of a movie -- maybe it's a little precious, but it's also luminous.
Anderson may be incapable of making a dull film -- he's certainly incapable of making a dull-looking film -- and from its fake-docu introduction to its full-circle conclusion, his movie looks interesting and unique.
Intermittently brilliant, intermittently hilarious -- and occasionally tedious.
This is a leaky vessel sailing in circles, not the wonderful Life we were expecting.
Forgetting to give any character a smidgen of emotion (it's funny because it's straight-faced!), this ends up a series of strange vignettes that you won't soon care about, either.
The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is another playful tribute by Wes Anderson to a wacky individualist.
In the hands of less capable filmmakers this quirky fish tale might have sunk itself, but Murray and Anderson manage to reel it in.
This wacky, wistful, occasionally humorous satire disappoints. Eccentrics afloat, it's an offbeat ship of fools.
Wes Anderson follows Rushmore and The Royal Tenenbaums with ... the same film for the third time.
Previously, Anderson's films contained so many ideas they threatened to burst at the seams; with The Life Aquatic, it appears that's happened.
The effect is often soporific.
Its sporadic droll moments tempt one to view it with a charitable eye until patience is exhausted by the end.
I thought I had seen the nadir of moviemaking art. But I had not reckoned with Wes Anderson. If I had a rating lower than zero, this one would get it.
I should have been completely exasperated with The Life Aquatic, with its wispy story and wonder-cabinet production design, but to my surprise I found it mostly delightful.
Launches with enormous promise, then sinks into a quagmire of misfired humor and misbegotten characters.
An exquisitely evocative movie that elevates rueful melancholia to a superpower.
A potentially great little cult picture shrieking in protest at being bumped up into a $50 million studio movie whose only real pleasure is its happy-color production design.
Wonderfully weird and wistful.
What might have a self-consciously quirky comedy is deepened and humanized by its rich performances, especially from Murray, who keeps getting better and better.
...a film composed only of little moments, but what moments they are.
A work about conflict, it is itself conflicted, torn between the confidence of a gifted filmmaker and the insecurity of a gifted writer.
The precocious director is stuck with a lamentable case of arrested development.
It's like a grown-up returning to Stevenson's Treasure Island and rediscovering what was so great about it in the first place.
Wes Anderson is increasingly concerned with art direction and offbeat touches, to the point where story and characters become an afterthought.
Not a perfect movie, but... it is my #1 film of the year.
Once again, he creates a hermetic, glassed-in movie world of postmodern anachronisms that charms and distances in equal measure.
This is one dreary, listless film. The sooner it is forgotten and the once-promising director restakes his claim in being someone to watch, the better off we all will be.
Quirky and Bill Murray-ish but doesn't always click.
Under Murray's steerage, this satiric outing with a sea-going TV personality commandeers the funny bone and will be the best of the year for many a passenger.



@highlight

The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is getting soaked by many critics, who call it smug, ironic and artificial. Still, others have praised the movie's sheer uniqueness, eccentricity and whimsy.