As a film in general, Uncle Nino would probably be no more than a 6 out of 10, but as a family film it merits a 7.
The message is timeless. Family matters. Tell people you love them. Despite its predictability, the movie works because it is completely without guile.
Nino acts like an Italian fairy-god-uncle... transforming this house into a home - where flowers thrive, violin music fills the air, and everybody eats dinner together.
It feels something like a made-for-TV movie that fell back behind the fridge circa 1982 and has been rotting there ever since.
A third-rate Robin Williams movie that didn't even have the decency to hire Robin Williams.
Shallcross fails to infuse the proceedings with the wit or distinctiveness necessary to lift it above the crop of its so many similar-themed predecessors.
Both movies have familiar and even hokey aspects, but they're also sincere rather than cynical, and there's something affecting about the very similar messages they're peddling.
Such a hamfisted effort that the ostensibly comic moments aren't nearly as funny as the sappily earnest serious parts.
There's a place for a movie like this--but it's really on the Hallmark Hall of Fame rather than in an auditorium you have to pay to get into.
Aggressive heartwarmer, which turns out to be much more of a heartburner.
There's not a single surprise or moment of dramatic tension.
Aspires to be a My Big Fat Greek Wedding, but succeeds only in being a big, fat, ethnic cliche.
An effortless heartwarmer that manages to be utterly corny but quite likable.
This is barely believable treacle, not helped by the fact that the characters don't even rise to the level of cartoons, much less real people.
This is not my kind of movie, and I found myself feeling mighty restless by the end, or even halfway through, or even near the beginning, but objectively I know there are people who will embrace this movie.
The film -- and its characters -- are full of quirks. But it tries a little too hard, especially where the quirks are concerned.
Heartwarming is not always a bad thing. Consider this family film from writer-director Robert Shallcross: It's not only warm and fuzzy in all the right places, it's something that the whole family might actually enjoy.
It's the sort of fluff that may catch your eye during channel-surfing sessions, but it's hardly worthy of an outing and an open wallet.
It's like sitting down for risotto al Gorgonzola at a fine restaurant, hearing the can-opener in the kitchen and realizing that your chef's named Boyardee.
The characters are all clichés, the dialogue is abominable and every story point is radioed so far in advance that it should come with its own motorcade.
Its celebration of the importance of the family unit makes it a family film in the truest sense of the term.
It's just about impossible to make this tired material fresh.
Has an undeniably generous heart even as it undertakes its all-too-familiar lessons.
A superior cast and fine, believable performances lift this above an original production you would find on PAX TV.
It means well, darn it, and if it fails to entertain, at least it fails to annoy, too.
Uncle Nino is strictly straightforward and utterly conventional yet has been made with the kind of caring and commitment that will connect with many viewers.
A creaky, cliched, feel-good family drama about learning to stop and smell the roses - and planting a vegetable garden while you're at it -- Uncle Nino is shameless, sappy fare.
The acting is endearing and the story has great charm before predictability and sentimentality eventually take over.
Writer-director Robert Shallcross' film is predictable family narrative -- nothing too spicy, mind you -- that goes down fairly easily.
It's all neat and sweet and one-dimensional, more the moral to a story than a story.
This guy didn't come from overseas -- he's straight from the Italy section of Epcot.
Sounds Disneyfied enough on paper, but the elderly, violin-toting hero's successful attempt to infiltrate his miscreant nephew's mall-punk garage band is too creepy to fulfill the hipness quotient.
Though convinced it's helping people to rediscover their roots, the film succeeds only in planting corn.

@highlight

Critics say that despite a warm, well-meaning message about the importance of family ties, Uncle Nino is utterly corny and predictable.