Now there's just self-fondling fizz -- no, not even that, just a kind of quasi-Zen petulance palmed off as 'cool'
A pastry of a movie, airy, insubstantial, and meant to fill in the gaps between heartier meals.
These actors have the characters they play down pat, and as long as they come up with some reason to pull off a heist, I'll be watching.
Ocean's Thirteen is one long set-up for a wholly unsatisfying and impotent climax.
While it in no critical area improves upon the magic of its deliriously watchable original installment, it's flashier and funnier than expected.
Like a few dirty martinis, you won't remember much of it the next day, but it was pretty fun while it lasted.
Basically, what you get with Ocean's Thirteen is more of the same, but less.
I think it's safe to say most will find the magic is back in Ocean's Thirteen.
Vremena su se promijenila, ali sre%u0107om, ne toliko da dana%u0161nje filma%u0161e sprije%u010De da prave kvalitetnu holivudsku zabavu.
A genial time-waster.
The "Ocean's" series started out popping like the Bellagio. With "Ocean's Thirteen" it has gone as dead as CircusCircus. On a Tuesday afternoon. During a Shriners convention.
A renewed focus and sense of fun have returned to the proceedings.
It is, in essence, one long caper from start to finish. And while it makes almost no sense (and never pauses for a minute to think about it), everyone's having a ball -- and this time, the audience is included.
What Soderbergh thinks is 'style' looks like a travelogue advertising Hell.
A subpar A-Team episode with George Clooney as Face.
...a great diversion from, and a fine addition too, the three-peats filling up the local cinemas.
A cocky and condescending indulgence test for anyone who hasn't automatically bought into its faux-cool suave.
Though Ocean and the rest of the sexy squad have to act like they're desperately dedicated to what they do best to get the job done, the whole technically intricate production comes off as more play than work.
When a movie keeps you this entertained without insulting your intelligence, it's hard to complain.
It's just about good enough to make us forget how unfortunate Ocean's Twelve really was
If This Pays For Another Darfur Benefit, Then So Be It.
somewhere between the locker room ass-slapping, the bland heist plot develops, as if it really matters
It's fairly charming, extremely well put-together, and by this time next week I doubt I'll remember even having seen it.
Goes down smooth and easy, but lacks any real bite.
It's the best looking of the bunch. For a movie that's all posteur, that counts for a lot.
Another spectacle of celebrity narcissism and goofing off which can only be commended for not being quite as unbearable as its thoroughly self-satisfied predecessor.
This is a gang of thieves that we could hang out with again and again.
I wasn't a fan of the previous two pictures in this series, but Ocean's Thirteen qualifies as the first to even approach a winning hand.
Ocean's Thirteen feels mostly like just another job -- not only for the cast and crew, but for critics as well. Audiences will likely find it to be superior to its immediate predecessor, but as in most of the games the Ocean's guys are trying to rig, the
The suits are sleek, the dialogue snappy, the tone wry, the jazz hip. Even Las Vegas--bastion of neon kitsch that it is--looks opulently graceful.
Better than the disastrous sequel.
Having suffered a few no-doze moments, I'd comfortably suggest that lovers of hi-roller comedy will not want to miss this roundup of Ocean's adaptive set of schemers.
It's a great looking movie.
All the reasons that I didn't like the first two installments in the Ocean's series were the elements that worked for me this time around.
Ocean's Thirteen shows that summer movies and their attendant presumption of needing to turn one's brain off can still be executed with style and wit.
Actors having a good time plus Soderbergh's style and lush Vegas imagery compensate for the plodding prelude to the heist.
The cast and crew are having a lark, and the mood is infectious rather than insular, as it was in the second film.
An intriguing heist.
Clooney/Pitt are our Sinatra/Martin and we should use them while they're still dapper and dashing and worthy of surname-only reference.
A victim of its own pedigree.
...an improvement, without the smug celebrity preening that marred Ocean's Twelve.
Plausibility is the first casualty in Ocean's Thirteen but it's unlikely anybody is going to care.
If Ocean's Thirteen often seems as budget-bloated and hollow as a Vegas hotel, it still manages to coast on its surface charms. . . . you may not have hit the jackpot, but you didn't get cleaned out, either.
Watching this movie is like eating cotton candy: It may not have any substance, but it sure tastes good.
Flat, abstruse, predictable and unable to raise your pulse rate higher than a blip on an EKG.
In a summer where every intended blockbuster has so far been the third in a series it's a relief to note that the fourth third to come along is the best of the lot.
Even the most cynical person must concede that it's kind of fun watching beautiful people act cool.
After two other movies in the series, Ocean's Thirteen doesn't exactly feel fresh, but what's cool is that it doesn't feel stale either. This is the rare movie series where the third entry is just as much fun as the original.
Clooney and Pitt provide plenty of eye candy in 'Ocean's Thirteen,' but this third Ocean's adventure often seems incoherent and listless.
Brisk and forgettable, the film is as memorable as a Las Vegas buffet: lots of goodies at the time, but afterward no taste that stands out.
Au sein d'un été où on se noie dans les suites décevantes, qui aurait cru que la plus satisfaisante concernerait quelques élégants cambrioleurs qui veulent venger un ami? - In a sea of disappointing summer sequels this one shines without violence or explo
...possesses precisely the sort of light-hearted vibe that the series has come to be associated with...
It's instantly disposable charm, but it's charm nonetheless.
This plush third installment in director Steven Soderbergh's heist franchise recoups a good bit of the original's escapist fun.
If Ocean's 13 could treat theaters like clubs then they'd place bouncers at the doors so that only the cool people would be let in. That would definitely cut into profits but it would be in keeping with how the film would like to brand itself...
The entire production is breezy enough to sit through and be entertained while the temperature outside reaches 90 degrees.
Robbing casinos? Shit, these guys should be in charge of Katrina relief!
The script is fun and breezy and not meant to be taken very seriously.
Ugly. Filmed through dirt. Danny's Dead End Kids infiltrate bin Laden's camp and hold him ransom for some old dude who rescued them from an orphanage.
This summer, the forecast is cool%u2026at least if you're heading to the Ocean.
Not a bad way to spend a summer afternoon at the old picture show, even though it's eminently forgettable.
Punch-lines seem both unknowable and strangely satisfying, as in Rusty's apparently clever, wholly contextless rejoinder: "I said, 'What do I look like, a pancake eater?'" Read as you will.
How many times can you keep conning the viewers and get away with it?
Upping the ante in terms of intrigue while toning it down in terms of action, this downright comfortable diversion is a relatively-cerebral affair which offers an absorbing alternative to the summer blockbusters of the over-stimulating, special effects-dr
...an airy entertainment that has the smarts to add a second, unexpected swindle that is more satisfying than the main event.
Whereas previous Ocean's films have delighted in crossing their audiences, Thirteen barely tries. And when the clever turns predictable ... well, it's no longer clever.
You get what you came for, namely the usual suspects breezily hamming it up and a lot of forgettable banter going down incredibly easily.
Fantastically smug, empty picture, which comes complete with a nasty-tasting dab of misogyny.
An entertaining night out at the movies. Have some popcorn.
Even the title cards are splashy.
Third time's a charm. Ocean's Thirteen outshines the second installment, offering that certain breezy fun the original provided. Those cutie pies just work better in Vegas.
Creative scheming, in-jokes and movie star charm. That's really all we have here; essentially, this is heist movie porn.
Like James Bond movies, it's not about the reality of the situation but the fun you have watching it.
This one hits the jackpot as a sleek and stylish caper flick even Sinatra himself would have loved.
It's not very funny. Like everything in the third Ocean's movie, these scenes have a great set-up and no payoff. The casual charm that was displayed so easily in Ocean's Eleven has turned downright lackadaisical.
Though it takes a little while before it really takes off, this slick bauble of a movie qualifies as the best of the summer 'threequels" -- at least thus far.
An exercise in stylish bravado that is as substantial as a catfight between supermodels.
If this is the final Ocean's movie, saving the best for last is a wonderful way to go out.
Ocean's Thirteen isn't great, but as third installments go, it's better than Godfather III.
Soderbergh regains the balance he found in the first film and, in some ways, even improves on it.
With so many events, you kinda had to be there. And Ocean's Thirteen never manages to give us the sense that we are.
Something seems to be off when the actors onscreen are having a better time than the audience. Just like the first Ocean's film, this isn't so much a movie as a private party.
Thirteen goes back to the basics of slick, empty entertainment. And it leaves you feeling amused yet unfulfilled, so I guess all involved should be congratulated for a job well done. Or, depending how you look at it, slapped.
Ocean's Thirteen is enjoyable fluff and a testament to how far wit and charisma can carry a film. In a summer full of wholly unnecessary sequels, this is the best one so far. That may be faint praise, but for this franchise, it's a big step up.
If it ran five minutes longer it would cross the line from amusing to annoying. But it doesn't.
For all its forced twinkle, Ocean's Thirteen leaves you with no real warmth, like a croupier who's just cleaned you out before he wishes you a nice day.
An Ocean that fulfills the promise of all this great talent.
Ocean's Thirteen is hack Hollywood garbage, the sort of film that thinks so little of its supposedly sure-thing audience that it never breaks a sweat. That's not cool; that's lazy.
A lightweight but altogether entertaining romp-reunion that seems like nothing more -- or less -- than a do-over for the Steven Soderbergh-George Clooney Gang's ponderous, too-hip-for-the room Ocean's Twelve.
In Hollywood's version of Vegas, I'll have the surf, and the turf, and the vegetarian, and anything else Soderbergh wants to serve me.
Why put so much sheen on a movie that warrants and provokes nothing more than mild diversion? It's like serving sloppy joes on fine china.
Steven Soderbergh's film is smooth, pleasing and lively. It's also completely devoid of genuine dramatic tension.
This might be the first piece of escapism to have a whiff of public service at its heart.
Acknowledging that service employees and factory workers make casinos tick - and factoring them into the plan - is a welcome wrinkle in pressed-suit professionalism that's on display in this thrillingly exciting franchise revival.
The gang's back in Vegas, and back in top form.
Though "Ocean's Thirteen" sticks to Las Vegas, rather than the lush palazzos of European cities, the atmosphere is still a privileged one where our heroes carry out another ultra-hip caper.
There is one small bit of good news about Ocean's Thirteen: it's not as bad as Ocean's Twelve. But when you consider just how dismal the latter was, this nugget will hardly be cause for rejoicing.
Clooney, Pitt and Damon have now worked together long enough that they've found a delightful sense of synchronicity that makes even the throwaway lines worth catching.
Returning to Las Vegas but losing its winning streak, Ocean's Thirteen lets Soderbergh and the boys take a final bow while proving it is possible to have too much of a good thing.
A fast-paced lark of a movie that makes it clear that in this cruel and crafty world, friends have to stick together.
Funny, finely-tuned and flashier than an Essex boy on a night out in Romford . . . GO SEE!
doesn't add anything new to its routine equation but a hundred and thirteen minutes pass swiftly and fourteen actors have a good time -- an enjoyable, disposable lark
Unfortunately, with the arrival of Ocean's Thirteen, it's beginning to seem that the spectacle of A-list salaries on parade may not be enough to sustain the series much longer.
You know it's one sequel too many, well, actually two sequels too many, when Brad Pitt and George Clooney start finishing each other's sentences while strolling down the Vegas strip and reminiscing on the good ole days.
But while it's an improvement on the last movie, Ocean's 12, it's not quite in the same league as the first film, Ocean's 11, principally because the storyline is the same and the sheer buzz of seeing so many megastars sharing the same screen has worn off
Thematically, though, this is an improvement on its forebears, mainly due to the way it deals - much like Scorsese's best work - with the archaic nature of the criminal set.
...the perfect movie for an air conditioned theater and a big tub of popcorn.
Trapped by the very conventions it created, Ocean's Thirteen is a disappointing fake. One last job? Sure... but it's a hack job.
It's a lot better than Twelve, and even though it doesn't quite go to Eleven, at least it comes close enough.
It's just fun. You want to be challenged? Not your movie.
It may be way too clever for its own good, yet Ocean's Thirteen has plenty of ring-a-ding-ding.
It's totally in love with itself, of course, one that would hog the mirror from now until the sun froze if you let it (sort of the cinematic version of the popular kids in high school putting on a show). But you end up not holding that against it.
The real reason to see this, of course, is to watch the cast of amiable superstars play off one another for a third, and hopefully delicious, time. None of them disappoint.
It's probably not 'better' than the first movie, but I'll predict those who found the second one lacking will applaud the return to form.
'Ocean's Thirteen' is pure escapist fare that hits no jackpot, but pays off better than 'Ocean's Twelve.'
Overall, the movie is OK enough ... but doesn't have the energy, excitement and fun of the first film
Soderbergh and company have said this is the last Ocean's film, and it should be - they finally got it right. Anything that comes after will only tarnish the cocktail hour perfection of this movie.
Ocean's Thirteen plays to known quantities, but with a graceful sense of ease and a sparkly smile a mile wide...one of the best cinema experiences of the year.
as cool and varied as ever
It's an OK revenge pic but Dan Klores's revenge movie, 'Crazy Love,' costs 1/400th of the price to make, and is a superior film.
Hilarity-free.
It's time to send the Danny Ocean franchise out to sea, for good.
The smug "It's our party and you're not invited" vibe of the second film is gone, replaced by a fizzy sense of shady glamour that makes an insanely complicated story of scams and swindles go down as smoothly as an ice-cold Bellini.
With Ocean's Thirteen, the gang's all here, looking fighting trim and Hollywood beautiful, at your disposable pleasure.
Ocean's Thirteen will please those who delight in its persistent self-mythologizing, but the thrill of the original is gone, and nothing can bring it back.
Surrendering to Ocean's 13's pleasurable surfaces is sort of like admitting your attraction to a luxury brand: Sure, those alligator loafers are extravagant nonsense, but they feel so nice on your feet.
It's more apparent than ever that Soderbergh, Clooney, and company don't care -- and that sense of gleeful nonchalance is contagious.
It took a really weak sequel to realize what a long shadow Ocean's Eleven cast, and it's still present here.
Just so you know -- because this is important when you're talking to fans of George Clooney's charming thief Danny Ocean -- it's an hour and 15 minutes into Ocean's Thirteen before he appears in a tux.
Ocean's 11's easy chemistry and effortless style return alongside the let's-take-down-a-casino plot.
The details, the plots, the stratagems, the counter-stratagems mount and mount and mount until the thing reaches a point of such overplotted density it can't be penetrated.
Evocatively shot with the saturated color of '60s film and accompanied by David Holmes' retro-mod score, Ocean's Thirteen is a boy's-night-out lark that girls can enjoy.
Ocean's Thirteen is as lazy and laid-back as a softball game with the beer keg at second. And it's just as enjoyable.
Despite a few diverting and modestly amusing moments, Thirteen doesn't match the 2001 comic-caper remake Ocean's Eleven. And the whole hipper, cooler, more clever formula is starting to wear thin.
The sleek script makes gleeful use of expository dialogue, building ludicrous situations and winding its way out again.
The most enjoyable thing about the Ocean's movies is that nobody involved seems to take them seriously. The star wattage is immense but the stars themselves are refreshingly self-deprecating, almost satirically so.
It was more fun when they were a little bit hungry and more than a little bit greedy. Let's hope they remember that before the next one.
Danny Ocean and company ought to seriously consider retirement.
To call the Ocean's films frivolous would be kind, implying that these arduous concoctions are somehow light on their proverbial feet.
Better looking than Shrek the Third, less convoluted than Pirates 3 and as satisfying as Spider-Man 3.
A sequel (or three-quel, if you will) that returns to the vicarious fun of the first movie, Ocean's Eleven, and all but erases the not-so-fond memory of the preening ego-trip that was Ocean's Twelve.
Ultimately, if you give yourself up to its manufactured charm, it all becomes comfortingly familiar.
Move over, Spidey, Shrek and Sparrow...Danny Ocean's back in Vegas! This romp is one of this summer's guiltiest pleasures.
The party may well be ending for these gentlemen, but it was fun while it lasted.
After the story's wheels are set in motion, you pretty much know everything that's going to happen, but director Steven Soderbergh makes it fun to watch your winning hand unfold.
Plot pieces barely fit, almost nothing is clearly explained, the gizmos and twists are stupid, the wit witless. This movie smokes a fat cigar of assumption, smug that most viewers will need to feel like insiders.
The movie is all heist, which Soderbergh carries off in high style.
It takes a special kind of talent to make a caper film without one iota of suspense...Ringadingding...not!
Its a funny, chummy movie that is every bit as over-plotted, absurd and indulgent as Ocean's Twelve. The big improvement? This time the ham is served on wry.
Ocean's 13 knows everybody loves to see the house lose, which is what makes watching the gang rig the casino to go bust so fun.
All told, this thing has to be one of the dullest caper movies ever made.
Like the first Ocean's, Ocean's Thirteen is a satisfying story of a grand-scale swindle, but it also retains the impishness and charm of Ocean's Twelve.
Hollywood's summer of risk-free programming continues with the fourth three-peat in six weeks, Ocean's Thirteen, the least overbearing of the franchise installments rolled out so far.
Ocean's Thirteen is passingly enjoyable summer fluff, but if you can find a more genial, less edgy caper movie, you might want to own it as a pet.
For two hours, life as you drearily know it is effectively suspended and a summery delirium takes over. This may be one of the busiest movies ever made, but Soderbergh keeps the activity percolating with a fizzy arsenal of retro editing flourishes.
This time, the con is on the audience.
It's not often that the third in any franchise lives up to the reputation of its predecessors. Here Steven Soderbergh pulls it off by trumping the lackluster number two in the series and returning to the upbeat ambience and freshness of the first one.
I know full well I'm expected to Suspend My Disbelief. Unfortunately, my disbelief is very heavy, and during Ocean's Thirteen, the suspension cable snapped.
Predictably adolescent and smarmy, with the mix of sentimentality and cynical flippancy that's becoming Steven Soderbergh's specialty (even when he's pretending to make art films), this is chewing gum for the eyes and ears, and not bad as such.
Thirteen is all about maintaining a barely perceptible smirk behind an impassive pose. The line between cool and cold is a thin one, however. Cool isn't the word for Thirteen; it's just smug.
Has enough frothy frolic to make it worthwhile despite its lapses.
Jazzy, snazzy, and a whole lot of fun ... not just the summer's best sequel but the biggest mainstream achievement so far this year.
...one of those bright, shiny things that delights us as if we were simple babies. If you don't believe me, watch how it will even make some women drool.
click for full review
The action starts with the opening scene so there's never a chance for it to slow down.
Soderbergh can no more put the fizz back in his flat bubbly than one can put a genie back in a bottle, but at least Ocean's Thirteen can still give you a light buzz.
You can beat the house and you can break the bank, but sequels always get long odds on defeating the law of diminishing returns -- yet Ocean's Thirteen just about pulls it off.
Ocean's Thirteen is cool, hilarious and fun beyond all expectations. A fitting extension of the Ocean's gang story, and the perfect way to spend your movie-going evening, living life in the shoes of those smarter, wittier and way cooler than you.
Ocean's Thirteen still feels like one trip too many to the craps table, playing the same hunches, with the outcome unimaginatively clear from the start: Categorical victory for the rascally good guys, utter defeat and humiliation for the villain.
There's actually a coherent script, and there are some real laughs. Not big laughs, mind you, but a fairly steady stream of smiles and chuckles. And their newest caper is, as expected, fiendishly complex and outlandishly executed.
Ocean's Thirteen is the first sequel of the summer of 2007 not to fall on its face. The film is better paced and more involving than Ocean's Twelve but perhaps not as well executed as Ocean's Eleven.
pure entertainment, [as] bright and shiny as perfectly restored vintage neon
an embarrassment of riches as A-List movie stars saunter through the film in elegant suits and a rapscallion wink.
Sometimes -- albeit not very often in the movie world -- three really is a charm. ... Soderbergh gets lucky and comes up with a real winner.
Most of the formula from the first movie has been rehashed without recapturing much of the magic or pizzazz, making this sequel more like 'Ocean by Numbers.'
[A] delectably elaborate and savory soufflé of a mother-of-all-scams sequel.
A spectacle blatantly predicated on a smug gaggle of mega movie stars in boss threads ostentatiously having fun by pretending to steal the house's money, while actually taking yours.
Because Soderbergh keeps things so simple, stripped-down, and straight to the point, Ocean's Thirteen is the best Ocean's movie so far.
Summer fun with a safety net.
Bright and glitzy but ultimately ephemeral and rather silly, featherweight sleight-of-hand without much of a payoff.
Can audiences still be entertained by this baker's dozen beating unbeatable adversaries, breaking unbreakable safes, or crashing uncrashable security systems? I still am.
As ever the chemistry between the lads -- especially Clooney and Pitt -- keeps the rhythm snappy, and this time, the emphasis on friendship and loyalty makes them easy to root for.
After a lot of buildup, not much happens at the climax.
Is it possible that only a director so distrustful of surfaces could surrender so thrillingly to the big lie?
Sure, it couldn't be much more self-indulgent, but the fun is infectious.
This is more like it.
It's watchable, colorful and intermittently funny, but given the level of talent on display, it's reasonable to want more than that.
Personality is noticeably lacking in director Steven Soderbergh's cotton candy caper confection that should, but will not, end his superfluous "Ocean's" franchise.
Marks a return to form after the self-indulgent tomfoolery of its globe-hopping predecessor, even if the revenge heist scenario now feels very tired.
This is Soderbergh's point: that fiendishly clever new gadgets can work with old-fashioned morals to brilliant effect. We forget that at our peril. This point alone is reason enough why Ocean's Thirteen is the best of Soderbergh's heists.
Ocean's Thirteen is pretty much a confection of silly gags, great visuals, male bonhomie and goofy comedic 'suspense.' And I'm not, per se, complaining.
[Recaptures] much of the spirit of the original film.
So listless and logy it needed Michael Moore to take it to Cuba for emergency medical treatment.
As smooth as a good mojito, as stylish as an Armani suit and as meaningful in the grand scheme of things as yesterday's Las Vegas betting odds, Ocean's Thirteen continues the breezy good times of the first two series entries without missing a beat.
More than the previous segments, in this one, director Soderbergh and his writers adopt the prevalent paradigm of Howard Hawks, centering the saga on male camaraderie, cool professionalism, and above all group loyalty.


@highlight

Ocean's Thirteen reverts to the formula of the first installment, and the result is another slick and entertaining heist film.