At times, O'Rowe and Fitzgibbon appear to be straining too hard for effect, but at its best the film has a cartoonish vitality. The plot may be all over the place, but the cast relish O'Rowe's salty dialogue
...boasts an impressively fast-paced opening half hour that's heightened by the uniformly agreeable performances.
This is one of those time-killer movies that definitely goes well with a pint of Guinness.
Perrier's Bounty is all stock material, full of characters that deserve more than the cliched shootouts and showdowns that befall them. Even the movie's most natural impulses seem to come from a can.
A bit of underworld blarney from the Old Sod, "Perrier's Bounty" is another darkly comical-philosophical Irish gangster movie. The film, directed by TV veteran Ian Fitzgibbon and scripted by Mark O'Rowe ("Boy A"), doesn't quite work.
A festival favorite, Perrier's Bounty is one of those comedic British crime thrillers I just can't quite figure out what the fuss is all about.
An uneven mix of conventional caper and sentimental hooey, but there's no denying a certain quotient of fun.
A fast-paced and enjoyable if violent diversion that revels in its quirky characters, committed performances and involving twists.
A routine yarn, easily forgotten.
Bang, bang; smack, smack; run, run; bang, bang. That's the essence of Perrier's Bounty, with brief stops for romance and dog-killing.
Enough already with the Guy Ritchie knock-offs.
Charming and cynical, violent and sweet, well-made and offbeat...Perrier's Bounty is an entertaining film that doesn't take itself seriously.
A moderately engaging, but uneven hodgepodge of comedy, action, drama and romance that lacks surprises, imagination and palpable thrills. It's barely saved by lively characters and all-around solid performances.
It's an effective genre piece, propelled by the strong performances of Cillian Murphy, Jodie Whittaker and especially Jim Broadbent.
A hectic, ultraviolent romp that is inordinately pleased with its own sardonic nihilism.
Not designed to blend in and yet lacking the extra inch to distinguish it from its better-known kin, Perrier's Bounty is content to merely measure up.
Watching this movie lunge this way and that is like being at a bar while a guy with the widest smile and the busiest gestures keeps telling you all about this fantastic Martin McDonagh play he sort of remembers, and how this happened...
Delicious and propulsive...It's an expert blend of thrills, laughs and jeopardy - like a strong Irish coffee with a jolt of pepper.
There's no bounty to be plucked from Perrier's Bounty. The treasure chest has long since been emptied.
Ivan Fitzgibbon's film is so steadfastly blithe that one yearns for a flicker of pretension, some small sign that there's a guiding principle or purpose.
A would-be eccentric thriller not quite saved by Jim Broadbent's spectral, wacky performance.
"There's a point to all this drivel," says Gabriel Byrne's mysterious narrator. Or is the drivel the whole point?
Set in Ireland, it feels very much an Irish film and perhaps the closed tone of the film makes it a little inaccessible.
Lively and rude, this comical crime thriller keeps us engaged with its likeable characters even when the plot begins to feel pointless
Mindless, dark comedy fun.
The violence is extreme and the humour is very dark, but if you like edgy comedies, you'll enjoy this.
Assemble[s] a likable if flavourless comedy out of scraps of this and knocked-off bits of that.
It keeps undercutting any suspense with long, turgid stretches of fugitive bickering.
If you've ever wanted to see Jim Broadbent do his best Tony Montana through a blizzard of coke, this is your film.
It keeps lumbering to a halt, in an attempt to make us care about the central relationships, but the writing never delivers characters who are anything more than unsympathetic caricatures.
It recalls Guy Ritchie's back catalogue but, thankfully, without the self-consciously frenetic camerawork. The result is slick and enjoyable, but has a whiff of déjà vu.
Generic gangland violence ensues, frustratingly overshadowing a far more engaging dynamic between father and son.
Ultimately, this doesn't have the emotional resonance of the similarly-themed caper In Bruges, but it does keep you smiling.
An Irish Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels is the best way to describe this, with a little bit of Snatch thrown in.
There are flecks of wit and charm to be found in here, but really it all boils down to second-rate Ritchie.
There's no doubting the energy, but without Colin Farrell's fervour, or any novel spin, it's no more than treading water from this gang.
Perrier's Bounty is still a pleasure to watch: not exactly memorable, but packed with enough intellect, incident and strong performances to justify the investment.
Jim Broadbent is the best thing in the film, playing against his usual twinkly-eyed persona and clearly having a whale of a time...
Violence this in-your-face needs a witty, quip-laden script to sweeten the bloody pill and this doesn't deliver.
It's about as exciting as a two-part, coconut-flavoured snack chased down with a mouthful of mineral water.
A little Irish charm goes a long way in this Dublin-set crime caper.
Half comic tour de force and half "urban western," Perrier's Bounty is a 90-minute treat and, in case you hadn't gathered this by now, we recommend it.


@highlight

It has interesting characters and a strong cast, but Perrier's Bounty ultimately fails to do anything original with them.