Kapadia's film isn't just a moving resurrection of the driver and his phenomenal career; it's a timely nod to our increasingly competitive times, as we attempt to restart from a long stall of selfishness, and reconstruct the engine of meaning in the pits.
An engrossing, nerve-wracking and beautifully crafted examination of a sporting hero, Kapadia's documentary is a must-see.
[Director Asif Kapadia] allows his documentary gaze to fall upon the sport of motor-racing in this thrilling exploration into the life of a man who aimed to do as much for those less fortunate as he than he did for the sport.
No, NASCAR coverage on TV never looks as good as this.
...a surprisingly deft examination of the power of faith...
Senna stands as a triumph of [its makers'] knack for story craft and their ability to sort through a staggering volume of material and piece it together into a unified, powerful narrative.
If we define a classic documentary by its ability to transcend niche subject matter and engage all audiences, then the exhilarating and unbelievable Senna is one of cinema's recent best.
While this documentary is unreeling, we're definitely along for the ride. But there's no aftertaste, except for that of burnt metal.
A model of documentary storytelling efficiency.
Though the film seemingly had a good ambassador for the sport, astounding racing footage and was well-presented, the subject matter never fully engaged me.
You don't have to be a Formula 1 nut to enjoy this enthralling documentary ... Asif Kapadia's film Senna is so skillfully put together that its portrayal of a complex, charismatic and fascinating figure will grip even those with no interest in the sport.
"Senna" is a streamlined piece of filmmaking, completely immersing the viewer in Senna's world and never losing momentum as it moves from one breakneck race to another.
It's impossible not to be impressed by how director Asif Kapadia and writer Manish Pandey have managed to craft a biographical film completely out of archive footage.
Uses an astonishing wealth of racing and interview footage - including film shot by in-car cameras during races - to chart in a compelling way the dramatic rise and heart-rending end of the Brazilian legend.
The film is a snapshot in time of an imperfect, interrupted life more than a gateway drug to racing enthusiasm.
There's no doubt Senna was a great driver, but this competently executed highlights reel doesn't tell us much beyond that.
...an entertaining, absorbing and inspiring documentary celebrating a champion's talent.
Captivating, chilling, and surprisingly sublime.
Ayrton Senna was a phenomenon, and as such, he was filmed, interviewed, and photographed repeatedly throughout his career, images now assembled as the documentary Senna.
Even those with no interest in Formula One - and I count myself amongst such people - will be captivated by this phenomenal motion picture.
"Senna" is simply the greatest sports film I have ever seen.
Kapadia fosters a distinct 'you are there' feeling for the races by composing his visual storytelling entirely of vintage footage, mostly derived from the Formula One archives.
Exhilarating in the extreme.
A psychologically intriguing if at times too hagiographic portrait of a man who often held pole position in his profession and felt nearer to God because of it.
Undeniably gripping stuff.
I simply didn't care about it, and unless you already know who Senna is and are curious to know more, I doubt if you will, either.
It's hard to see how anyone wouldn't be absorbed by this fascinating film about a formidable driver and man.
"Senna" is carefully edited and makes sometimes spectacular use of extensive home movies and videos.
There's not an ounce of fat or a wasted shot throughout.
You don't have to know anything about car racing at all. Instead, you simply have to like a great story, one that has all the elements: drama, inspiration, competition, victory, defeat, betrayal and, looming above it all, tragedy.
As sports documentaries go,...excellent, though in a fairly conventional way.
It's stripped of narration, talking heads, and anything else that might threaten to slow it down.
The sound and fury of motor racing is given a spiritual makeover through the eyes and actions of a legend behind the wheel. His name: Senna.
Even if you can't tell Formula One from Grecian Formula, Senna is pretty exciting stuff.
Most interesting for the way its construction builds on the inherent austerity of auto racing.
Real life eclipses fiction in delivering a tale that combines heroism, villainy, suspense and a surprising amount of emotional resonance.
What makes "Senna" essential viewing is the propulsive education it provides in one of the world's most popular sports, and the introduction it provides to an extraordinary athlete and human being.
It's 100 percent pure adrenaline, and phenomenally entertaining.
Senna is a really good movie, and I'm a little bit more into racing than I once was.
The new documentary Senna has all the full-throttle momentum and sweeping emotion any big-budget feature could hope for.
Kapadia is working with an embarrassment of riches, but to his credit he selects wisely, and has the good sense to keep the talking heads off the screen.
Kapadia's access to archival footage is impressive; the coverage is sometimes staggering.
Senna feels a touch too short to be fully realized -- but then again, so was Ayrton Senna's life.
Senna is earnest, eloquent, and impossibly charismatic, and his rocketing ascension through the ranks of professional drivers - gunning his car at more than 200 m.p.h. down the straightaways - is something to behold.
Engrossing...
The movie's assemblage of audio interviews poured mostly over astounding race footage is fit for a shrine.
Even if it does leave us with questions, the way Kapadia has woven together his material leaves us with little doubt that Ayrton Senna was one of the greats, both on and off the track.
Plays like a narrative feature, juicy and alive, with enough kinetic excitement to hook the Formula One-ignorant (me, I knew next to nothing about the subject), let alone racing fans worldwide.
Racing absolutely takes skill and knowledge, but Senna doesn't say anything about what made Senna so brilliant at driving fast in a circle.
"Senna" is a documentary that does the job it sets out to do. I wish it had tried for more.
[Senna's] is a compelling and human story, albeit a tragic one. There's no need for it to be sugar-coated for it to remain inspiring.
Those who, like me, don't get the point of racing in general might glimpse an insight into the compulsion from the film's hypnotic driver's-eye views, but more so from Senna's own testimony.
You've never seen anything like Senna, partly because the footage is 100% authentic. Not one piece of fakery was added, not even new talking heads.
Racing emerges as both central and somehow irrelevant, a conduit for a tale of a man struggling to achieve some sort of grace, and crashes that could easily belong to a rubbernecking TV show are instead loaded with tragic significance.
A brilliant example of how good editing can successfully carve out a compelling and exciting story from the hours and hours of available footage.
There are some thrilling you-are-there sequences shot inside the racing car from his POV as he zooms around the tracks. It's like watching a video game made real.
The film simultaneously hurls you into the highly-charged world of Formula One and the private emotional space of its complex protagonist.
As immersive as documentaries get.
Kapadia has, quite daringly, decided to rely completely on primary materials - although occasionally we hear the voices of after-the-fact observers, what we see is what happened then.
A compelling story still to be told, but political maneuvering within the sport and the one-upsmanship, technological tinkering, corner-cutting, negligence or cheating that possibly caused Senna's death, are hinted at but given short shrift.
My interest in watching men drive machines in ovals is limited, and in this documentary the title character mostly comes across as an uninteresting dope.
Kapadia creates a full picture of a talented driver (rain on a track was a good omen for him) and his humble family, and the country that embraced him at a crucial time in its history.
Before finalising any "best of" list for 2011, I'd strongly suggest you see this film.
... an acutely felt and emotional movie, an exceptional personal portrait... also a sad reminder of just what the stakes are for these guys each and every time they get behind the wheel.
Though largely side-stepping his personal life, Kapadia goes to some lengths to highlight the importance spirituality played in Senna's sporting success, a theme at least as old as Chariots of Fire. Select.
I'm not an aficionado of motor racing, not at all, and yet I found this absolutely compelling and I think that's the mark of a good documentary.
Even if you are not an aficionado of motor racing this very good documentary is the story of high drama and the young star at the centre of it.
"Senna" is such a vivid and powerful film about a larger-than-life personality that I hesitate to criticize it, but racing aficionados will notice a heavy and perhaps inevitable degree of hagiography.
Their pain translates through the screen not just because it's real, but because Kapadia tells a story here that inspires genuine empathy for it.
A celebration of a singular spirit in an impure sport.
"Senna" is a documentary with the pace of a thriller, a story of motors and machines that is beyond compelling because of the intensely human story it tells.
The film is two things: a discreet hagiography of the handsome, soft-spoken Senna, who was only 34 when he died in a 1994 crash at the San Marino Grand Prix in Italy, and a compressed, esoteric slice of Formula One history during his 10-year ascendance.
If you're a fan of Formula One, you'll enjoy seeing this footage on the big screen, but unlike the great sports documentaries (Hoop Dreams, When We Were Kings), this one offers little to those not already versed in the subject.
Senna is considered one of motorsporting's greats, but Asif Kapadia's film also makes it clear he was a sort of artist, his talent accompanied by an unquenchable thirst for excellence and a belief that racing offered him a connection to God.
A compelling documentary about a champion Formula One driver and his unusual life of passion for the sport.
Kapadia expertly contrasts episodes of adrenaline-rush speed with moments of reflective slow motion to capture the addictive thrill and danger of the sport, as well as the personal values of the humble, spiritual sportsman.
In short, this is a brilliant, intimate, compelling film about Senna, but it's not the whole story.
This is documentary filmmaking quite unlike any other: a tale of triumph over adversity, of victory and tragedy, visually presented as riveting, explosive drama. Senna is essential viewing.
Surely the most thorough look at the art and passion of auto racing yet made.
There is simply not enough material to make a compelling movie, even though Mr. Kapadia appears to have used every last frame of footage from the Formula One archives.
You don't have to know a thing about Formula 1 racing to become engrossed by "Senna."
Even nonbelievers in Senna's sport and church will find it difficult to visit Kapadia's cinematic shrine without emotion.
Director Kapadia needed to find a way to make Senna's story meaningful to viewers who aren't interested in Senna, cars or racing. No such luck.
One of the most fascinating, yet sobering views on the sport of auto racing.
Senna is a stirring snapshot of a charismatic, immensely talented man driven to be the best, even if the risks of chasing such success were fatal.
The narrative of his career and its sudden, tragic ending, is like a classic story from mythology
Kapadia has so winningly captured the essence of the man that the realisation that Senna's demise is imminent makes for stomach-tightening viewing; the director's construction of the footage from that fateful day is precise, frame-perfect filmmaking.
[VIDEO] You couldn't hope for a more exciting and informative introduction to Formula 1 racing than through this fascinating biopic about Brazilian race car legend Aryton Senna.
Kapadia has made Senna, perhaps predictably, into a hagiography
This is unmissable, transcendent cinema and one of the best movies of 2011 so far.
Succeeds in establishing universal themes despite its seemingly niche subject matter.
Fittingly, it maintains a propulsive momentum from the start, and the decision to avoid any interview segments, which would have disrupted its gripping flow, is one of the director's smartest moves.
Even those who regard motorsport with indifference or hostility will get plenty out of this.
A viscerally exciting and intellectually stimulating documentary.
There are aspects of Senna's life that are left untouched here but that is a small reservation about such a dynamic and captivating documentary.
There are some nail-biting in-car point of view shots as the drivers career around circuits at high speed. We're used to seeing similar footage on our TV screens every race day but on the big screen you get a real feeling of the speed these guys reach.
Even those bored to death with people going round and round in ever-faster cars can appreciate a veritable legend of the track.
Stitched together from often blurry footage, it's an engrossing and poignant tribute to one of the sport's legends, even if we know how it ends.
A fascinating biography that will appeal to more than just fans of fast cars.
As well as being a great driver, Senna also comes across as being a big personality and a man who showed his emotions.
Fascinating and profoundly moving.
This may not be the most innovative documentary, nor the most probing (it fails to mention Senna's marriage or ex-fiancee), but it is intelligently assembled and avoids hagiography.
Shattering in the gentlest way, edited with rare care, it's an affirmation of all the bonds Senna forged in his life - with his family, colleagues, the people of Brazil. To emerge unmoved is just about inconceivable.
Complete ignorance of, or even indifference to, the sport won't disqualify you from being utterly gripped, moved or charmed by Asif Kapadia's film about legendary Brazilian F1 champion Ayrton Senna.
The film's masterstroke is its exclusive use of archive footage, with no visible talking heads or modern-day interruptions.
It's a consummately produced sports documentary and a credit to the power of research, but no more.
A hauntingly beautiful piece of cinema, this is an action film, sports documentary and tragedy all in one.
Impressively directed and brilliantly edited, this is an utterly riveting documentary that's by turns thrilling, awe-inspiring and deeply moving.
A documentary made with panache, cogency and cornering skills...
A worthy paean to a true talent.
Formula One fans should love it. More tellingly, so should everyone else.
Since most of it is essentially TV footage, it doesn't feel hugely cinematic. But Formula One fans will find it essential viewing
Flawed and reluctant to dig too deep, but also a lyrical, haunting and nerve-wracking portrait: the thinking man's true-life Top Gun (with cars).
"Senna" is an interesting biography not only because it limits itself to 15,000 hours of video already on record, but also since it is far less about the man than the driver.
Fine documentary about one of auto racing's greats will please fans and make some new ones.
Within the expertly edited archival construct, Kapadia maintains a respectful but less-than-adulatory view of Senna himself, and a caustic assessment of Formula One and its then-president Jean-Marie Balestre.
"Senna" premiered in countries where he is a household name, but the doc is designed to be every bit as enjoyable for viewers whose only exposure to auto racing is NASCAR.


@highlight

Even for filmgoers who aren't racing fans, Senna offers heart-pounding thrills -- and heartbreaking emotion.