The third movie doesn't go over the edge, but it does start to feel like John is setting his subjects up to fail, and the game shouldn't be rigged quite so hard if he really wants people to walk the path of redemption.
Saw III's careless nature and its drive to go bigger doesn't consistently lead to better things. Its once compelling twists have now become overdone.
Images jump, blip, strobe, and shock like an epileptic seizure - all the result of director Darren Lynn Bousman's lack of trust in his screenplay.
Witness the distortion of the series' original premise bastardized by those who believe they know better.
The power of "Saw III" lies not in the gore, torture, or tension, but in the relationship between Amanda and Jigsaw.
The extreme gore is gratuitous, and character development non-existent in a movie packed with the cookie-cutter visual design of the previous two films. Torturer, victim and audience become one.
Staying mostly faithful to the successful blueprint of its two earlier installments, Saw III is an adequate sequel that works well enough on its own terms.
Face your fears. A lesson worthy of praise, if the film preaching them weren't so completely full of s***.
Nihilistic, amoral, self-congratulatory wanking.
Starts with an interesting premise but quickly squanders it on the usual barely-glimpsed bloodbaths.
One of the most sadistic, brutal, grisly films of the current splatter-porn genre.
The only brains on display are the ones that get drilled out of human skulls.
It requires a stretch of the imagination too far, but there's still plenty of gore and tricksy murders here.
If humorless torture marathons like this represent the future of American horror cinema, it's time for Hollywood to officially outsource the genre overseas, where they remember the pleasures of a good scare.
full review in Greek
Saying that the newest Saw movie is better than the last one is a bit like saying that your latest root canal was better than your last one.
The third "Saw" in the franchise loses its edge.
No one will ever be able to accuse series creators and scribes Leigh Wannell and James Wan of being stingy with the red stuff.
Pretentious, with Jigsaw a splatter Mitch Albom.
If you found Hannibal's brain cooking scene a tad too much, you will want to avoid Saw III; but if you are a fan of the gory versions of horror, this will be an iconic essential
I couldn't watch Saw III without thinking of reality TV shows like Fear Factor. Can it be a deliberate parody?
not great filmmaking, but very profitable and a fun way to get some cheap Halloween thrills.
God or Jack Valenti only knows how this work of pure entertainment got an R rating 'for strong grisly violence and gore, sequences of terror and torture, nudity and language.'
...getting dangerously close to turning the mangled bloody body business into tedious and tripe titillation...the Jigsaw chaotic chronicles have run its corrosive course
... A continuation of the best current horror series.
This is a series that went back to what made it work so well... a game that you wouldn't want to play yourself, but you have to know how it ends.
More appropriate for hard-core gore fans than general audiences.
Because of its efforts to make sense of the previous entries and even attempt an earnest parable about forgiveness, Saw III may be the best of the trilogy; hopefully, it'll encourage its makers to wrap the franchise on a relatively high note.
A dingy smear of butchery.
Saw III may not be the scariest, or most successful horror film ever made, but if you're looking for your pound of fright fan flesh, you'll get a nice craven corpse-full with this shockingly sick flick.
Even splatter-film buffs should be offended by this piece of nonsense: Not because it's so gross, but because it's so dumb.
The second Saw sequel develops the mythology of sadistic puppet-master Jigsaw in ambitious, gruesome but ultimately self-defeating ways.
All told, this is a more affecting study in grief, guilt and human frailty than Babel.
I get that the easy retort to analysis for a movie like this is that "critics don't get it," or, more to the point, "aren't supposed to like it," but Saw III is so sloppily overblown in its technique as to make the original movie, directed by James
Admit it: It's not every horror film that can make you feel preached at and slimed at the same time.
A dreary, mean-spirited, utterly joyless movie.
The faces on the mannequins at Penney's are more familiar than these actors. The entire cast might as well be dressed in gray and bicycling around Beijing.
The makers... demonstrate a genuine integrity for their series by reigning the story back in to its original core elements... Fans of Saw will not be disappointed.
As much as you'd like the characters to become better people and beat Jigsaw's game, there is also a strong desire simply to watch violent spectacle. And somehow, there just isn't enough of the latter.
The fact that it contrives to give its torture master the moral high ground (apparently he only tortures his victims for their own good) is possibly more perverse than any of its violence.
There's a reason that this series has exploded at the box office while other sequels wither on the vine -- and it's not just because of the perpetually rusty torture devices.
Saw III is essentially a grim schoolyard game of 'would you rather...?' rendered in nasty vignettes.
It's Halloween again, time for another installment of When Really Bad and Disgusting Things Happen to Mildly Irritating People, better known as the Saw series.
Tedium eventually sets in again, the movie's murky visual schema and overly aggressive editing style marring any attempts at subtlety. Worse yet, the Jigsaw Killer remains a smug, unscary bore.
More gore is really all III has to offer.
Just like its increasingly wan antihero, this blood-soaked series is on its last legs.
Saw III is nasty, repulsive, disgusting -- and loaded with enough viscera to probably sell at least $30 million worth of tickets this weekend.
The question for moviegoers: Would you rather get your dose of existenz-philosophie from Dostoyevsky or a slasher flick?
Do you want to play a game? How about a really long, convoluted game that leads nowhere? The scariest thing about Saw III is how it seems like it's never going to end.
Ee'll just entertain you by mentioning such extraneous details as a human skull being opened and probed, a naked woman being frozen to death, a man drowning in the ground-up carcasses of dead pigs ...
The premise is bogus to anybody with all their albumen intact.
As the creators of The X-Files learned and the people behind Lost are going to find out soon, you can only jerk around an audience... for so long before they start screaming in frustration and move on to something else.
A bigger problem lies with Leigh Whannell's script, which utilizes so many flashbacks and explanatory inserts that the tension, a defining feature of the first Saw, is lost.
What's remarkable about these movies is how much the craftsmanship degrades with each episode. This is a long, scrambled, indifferently made affair. There's no rhythm to the sequencing.
A movie of its moment even as it borrows from so many that have come before, Saw III conjures all manner of torments, displayed for you as they are for its virtuoso showman.
Saw III is duller than a plastic steak knife.
The inevitable deadening effects of repetition are beginning to infect the Saw franchise, now having produced its third installment in as many years.
My bloodlust has been sated and the sun will rise tomorrow.
One of the worst movies thus far this year.
Oh, yes, there will be blood...for a third time, and maybe a fourth.
If you don't know by now what you're getting into when you see a movie from the Saw series, you deserve to be offended.
Rest assured, Jigsaw will be back again for the fourth time next Halloween weekend to scare up some cash, but some might say the jig is already up.
Call this franchise 'Chicken Soup for the Soulless.'
If you don't see Saw III, you might as well saw your eyes out. See it three more times than you saw the last Saws.
slapped together with love
It induces squirming not because the filmmakers are good at creating suspense, but because they are expert sadists with a $12 million budget.
The only good thing to say about Saw III is that it seems, based on what happens in the finale, to be the last. Let us hope so, anyway.
Saw III, with its barrage of grungy rooms, mortified flesh and elaborate torture, is a highly creative exercise in bloodletting, with a bleak view of human nature.
A stomach-churning gore-a-thon pandering to viewers' basest appetites for violence, Saw III is a repellent piece of schlock that manages to disgust and bore you, often simultaneously.
If it's Halloween, it must be Saw. And if it's Saw, it must be God awful.
By the time the final twists and turns came to play I almost had to be nudged awake, the whole enterprise becoming so routine any chance of surprise or suspense is lost virtually from the very first frame.
The emphasis on character is a welcome change, but the principle of diminishing returns still holds.
May the Saw mini-franchise, dulled into a bloody gore-fest bore after only three installments, rest in piece. A piece of hack-sawed-off foot here, a piece of a bludgeoned limb there.
Saw III was not prescreened for critics. It doesn't need to be. The midnight preview I attended last night was packed with folks who don't mind seeing Hollywood beat a dead horse.
Saw III is gross and squirmy, but it's got a lot of brains and heart to go along with its guts. Better than Saw and Saw II combined.
Jigsaw is the best slasher villain since Freddy Krueger
Peddles gruesomeness of a disgusting rather than frightening order.
Jigsaw's message will undoubtedly reach viewers--watching the film is the very definition of suffering.
Extremely dull in every sense. Even the most devoted fan won't find much to enjoy in this grab-bag of tired cliches and inept tricks.
Saw III isn't just by far the best film of the series, it's one of the better horror movies of the year.
Is it an enjoyable feel-bad film? I guess. Is 'enjoyable' even the right word?
Quite a nifty and superb thriller ... thought out with precision and executed with irresistible macabre flair.
Makes the first two look about as intimidating as a child's six piece jigsaw puzzle. This is for the hardcore horror fan and for the hardcore horror fan only.
...if ever there was a movie that warranted a "not for the squeamish" advisory, this is certainly it.
More gruesome deathtraps, more blood and more gore, but shows signs of losing steam.






@highlight

Saw III does little beyond repeating its predecessor's tropes on a gorier level.