Hopkins remains watchable, but despite a supporting cast that includes Colin Farrell, Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Abbie Cornish, this overblown, parapsychological thriller gets sillier the longer it goes on, and eventually becomes tedious.
Anthony Hopkins really is a prime example of that rare breed of actor whose magnetic presence can lift a film a few notches. With Colin Farrell also on board, the film boasts a strong cast that makes you wonder why the film bypassed cinemas here.
Though it has a decent premise and a great cast, this supernatural thriller can't seem to overcome its crushingly mediocre screenwriting and filmmaking techniques. It's highly forgettable.
Similarities and connections are one thing, but Solace seems to grasp at straws and force-link everything when it isn't necessary. Solace is this damaged and lackluster film that sometimes tip-toes in the category of a beautiful disaster.
Solace isn't a Silence of the Lambs sequel in which Hopkins gets to reprise the role of Hannibal Lecter. But he comes pretty damn close in this ludicrous murder mystery, which is stuck somewhere between a bad season of Dexter and a dated crime flick.
Solace is one of those films that is just average at best across the board.
The film plays a lot like too-little-too-late, a sometimes-clever thriller with a couple of performances that rise above the material.
SOLACE may not be the movie you rush out to theatres to see, but it is hard not to at the very least give it a chance, especially if you are a fan of the cast.
One of those dark and plodding serial killer flicks that feels like it has come plodding out of 1995.
The whole enterprise ends up as soulless as it is silly.
I'm deeply envious of Anthony Hopkins' future seeing abilities. If only I had his powers I could have avoided wasting my time with this terrible psychic serial killer drivel.
The directorial pyrotechnics keep Solace from "dragging" in a narrative sense; the very real boredom it nonetheless elicits is more existential.
This silly potboiler might have been more at home on the small screen as a high-concept episode of a police procedural.
A frustratingly flat effort, and one carried along by an Anthony Hopkins performance where the actor's lights are visibly switched off, creating a dramatic gap where urgency usually resides.
Staggeringly silly and visually disordered, this unfortunate misfire has been kicking around Europe and elsewhere for a couple of years under different titles, and it's easy to see why.
As leftovers go, "Solace" retains a fair amount of flavor, thanks to high-end ingredients.
This paranormal cops-versus-serial-killer procedural is never not ridiculous, but it's often entertaining as well ...
The intriguing but uninspired Solace can't escape the clutches of '90s serial-killer thriller déjà vu.
An overly convoluted tale drowned in creepy but essentially meaningless violent images and dry performances.
End up being better than it probably deserves to be, but most of the time, that's because Hopkins can really do no wrong ... except in picking his movies.
It joylessly coopts the hoariest stylistic tics and narrative tropes from your run-of-the-mill 1990s thriller.
A bad and boring film that isn't even one of those "it's so bad that it's funny" type of movies. [Full review in Spanish]
The first half of the movie is OK, but Hopkins playing a good Hannibal Lecter kind of guy is just excruciating. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that in more capable hands and less studio interference could've been great. [Full review in Spanish]
The problem with the film is that it lacks focus and it has too many subplots. [Full review in Spanish]
Farrell, Morgan and Cornish can't do much to elevate above the material's mediocre and, at times, ludicrous set-up.
It doesn't makes you feel fear or fascination, or anything. [Full Review in Spanish]
Nothing more than the story of the retired hero that comes back for one last chance at redemption, poorly dressed as something else. [Full review in Spanish]
Solace has all the stuff I love. But not all the stuff everybody loves. It's a mixed bag.
Depressing, tedious and cold, what could've been a thriller with stylish suspense becomes an endless and boring nightmare. [Full review in Spanish]
An unoriginal thriller that's boring and a total waste of time. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that fails to create any type of empathy with the spectator, especially in a time when TV does a better work at showing us a stronger version of the real world. [Full review in Spanish[
It tries to show us the dilemma about euthanasia from the perspective of a killer, but it's never completely justified. [Full review in Spanish]
An agonizing film that struggles with philosophical themes about murder and death. [Full review in Spanish]
Solace is a bunch of bits and pieces of movies that could've worked, but they never do. [Full review in Spanish]
A tedious and tired serial killer story.
A well crafted thriller that mixes CSI elements with the supernatural. [Full review in Spanish]
Morgan and Cornish are both short-changed as ballsy cops who harbour painful secrets, while Farrell remains largely off screen until the anticlimactic, mind-bending final showdown.
The chemistry [Anthony Hopkins and Colin Farrell] achieve is a powerful argument for giving Solace its chance on the multiplex circuit.
This is the kind of movie that's so heavily stylised one wouldn't be surprised to learn the crew had been upholstered to blend into the sets.
[A] reasonably clever genre entry ...
Poyart goes for sub-Fincher flash throughout, making the whole thing look like a slightly creepy commercial with pop-promo set dressing and risible VFX "visualisations".
Hopkins is in a scene-stealing groove but Solace turns out to be an overcooked affair, fussily directed and far-fetched.
Throws up just enough intrigue and theological-ethical questions to qualify as one of the year's more guilty pleasures.
Hopkins is always good value, and the plot has plenty of gory twists.
A lot of the blame for this misfire must fall on novice Brazilian director Afonso Poyart, whose crackpot editing and fondness for irrelevant zooming don't so much turn this film's screws as loosen them unrecoverably.
It's almost exotically ridiculous.
Solace is mildly entertaining in bursts ... but clichés thwart it for the most part and the final twist can be seen coming from a mile off.

@highlight

Solace boasts a talented cast and a somewhat intriguing premise, but they're outweighed by a plodding story that teeters between tired clichés and ludicrous twists.