With a surprisingly game cast, an earnest script and passable CGI, Geostorm offers a solid 109 minutes of pure and undemanding entertainment.
A movie so bankrupt of ideas that it has the gall to masquerade as something more meaningful.
Corny, wildly misdirected and downright ridiculous. But, kinda of fun, too. Maybe you'll like it, maybe not.
This movie takes itself too seriously to be popcorn fun...nothing in this stands out.
Disaster movies are often silly fun. Geostorm is way too heavy on the silly, which makes it not as much fun as it could, or should, have been.
A film that honors its genre and is a disaster. [Full Review in Spanish]
Don't be fooled by the title, this is a trashy popcorn movie dressed up as a climate-change fable.
Geostorm is ultimately bogged down by a meandering midsection that's devoted almost entirely to Jake's dull exploits aboard the aforementioned space station...
Geostorm ... doesn't give us the disaster movie that we wanted it to be.
Even by disaster-movie standards, this big-budget saga of meteorological mayhem is far-fetched and unconvincing.
An effects extravaganza with few surprises, a movie star (Gerard Butler) in eclipse.
It lacks the conviction to be anything more than an effects driven extravaganza and any attempt at metaphorical work or character building is offensively uninspired.
The script by Paul Guyot and first-time director Dean Devlin putters around with leftover parts from disaster movies that were badly written in the first place, stranding a decent cast.
Geostorm is utterly ridiculous.
A collection of Independence Day outtakes, monotonously staged and written with the stupidest audience member in mind.
Maybe there are a couple of scenes that catch our attention, but in general what we want is that everything explode and end quickly. [Full review in Spanish]
It's such a harmless nothing of a movie that being being bounced around in my seat and sprayed in the face with water was actually pretty fun. And it kept me from falling asleep, besides. Geostorm is the perfect 4D movie. Put it on the poster.
The biggest irony is that the big Geostorm that everyone is so afraid of doesn't really happen. However, the 4D vibrations and halogen-flickers kind of make-up for it.
Feels like Gerard Butler repeatedly yelling 'This is Sparta' at your face for 2 hours.
The script, every scene of which you've seen 100 times already, ends with a sermon urging us to unite and salvage the future, though this rings hollow coming at the end of a $120 million exercise in sci-fi denial.
Geostorm cannot be defended in terms of striking originality, wit, or even basic intelligence, but its affable slickness make it a bad film that is surprisingly consumable.
... predictable twists, stock characters and an all-too-parsimonious serving of catastrophe.
In the D-grade disaster movie Geostorm, meteorology has turned malicious.
In any case, I recommend this film for what it is. [Full Review in Spanish]
[A] joyless, formulaic disaster that could have been easily avoided.
... the level of boredom I experienced during Geostorm ought to qualify as at least a second-degree felony in the state of New York.
Tons of CGI disaster/sci-fi mayhem; eye-rolling story.
A miscalculated cataclysm, crippled by bad timing.
Almost hilariously terrible: absurd plot machinations, dubious politics, not a single character to care about. And it doesn't even give good disaster porn.
I'd be lying if I didn't admit to giggling madly through the majority of this bit of B-grade hokum.
I haven't had such an utterly empty experience watching a film in quite some time.
'Geostorm' is exactly what we expect it to be: an aggressively mediocre display of expensive digital effects.
If you think you know what you're getting with Geostorm, well, you're probably right. It's big, it's stupid, it's got people outrunning enormous weather events, and it's bad in most of the ways that matter.
A disaster movie with a weird distaste for disaster.
The gleefully absurd ingenuity of Geostorm stops at its title.
Geostorm, which cribs heavily from The Day After Tomorrow and Armageddon, makes you wish you were watching either of those instead.
Geostorm seems to understand disaster porn better than even Roland Emmerich himself. There is a lot of exposition, but there are still lots of action scenes. Remember Independence Day really only has three.
Even the destruction, the ostensible reason for the film's whole existence, is surprisingly dull.
Geostorm is quite silly and illogical with a barrage of CGI effects. 4DX is the only way to see this film. It turns the experience into a theme park ride.
A preposterous blend of cautionary tale..., cheesy over-the-top disaster epic and goofy political skulduggery that is almost bad enough to become a camp classic.
Not quite the geostinker people were expecting, but the outlook is far from favourable.
Watching Gerard Butler solve a whodunit is like watching ... chimpanzees move a piano downstairs: a kind of teeth-baring, flea-picking burlesque of recognisable human behaviour that's funny for a while until you start to worry about the ethics of it.
Big, dumb and boring, it finds the co-writer of Independence Day hoping to start a directing career with the same playbook - but forgetting several rules of the game.
Geostorm feels like the sequel to a slightly better, slightly more expensive, significantly more Tom Cruisey film that made all its money in foreign-language territories.
Really could have used a Sharknado or two to liven things up.
We have been sold a false bill of goods.
joyless junk food
You can see how this intentionally could have been fun. Instead, Geostorm is the sort of movie that's only worth making fun of...
"Geostorm" uses digital technology to lay waste to a bunch of cities and hacky screenwriting to assault the dignity of several fine actors.
"Geostorm" has a more clever premise than it needs to get to its ultimate goal of trashing some of our planet's nicest places. But the results are still mostly dull-witted.
... this is cinema as an immediate spectacle, pure surface. [Full review in Spanish]
It'll probably be most appealing to scientists looking for a good laugh.
Geostorm is an exciting movie, provided you've never seen a movie before.
For most people, 15 minutes worth of impressive annihilation won't be worth enduring an hour and a half of dramatic monotony.
The only thing more reliable than bad weather is bad movies, and in that respect, "Geostorm" is right on forecast.
Bombastic and noisy, yet minuscule in emotional heft, it's a geostorm in a teacup.
Disaster movies might have just flatlined with director and co-writer Dean Devlin's chaotically stupid bid to emulate his old partner, catastrophe peddler Roland Emmerich.
Geostorm lacks subtlety, is predictable and at times just a thriller without the thrills.
Geostorm's narrative is largely streamlined; what it lacks is a crisp plot, with mature, flushed out characters who reel in the audience without the crutch of unnecessary fireworks.
Geostorm in a nutshell: a bunch of supposedly connected scenes that don't seem to even know each other and were maybe shot years apart.
It's an action movie without an exciting moment. It's a special effects flick with chintzy visuals. And it's a Gerard Butler vehicle without enough Gerard to go around.
It's awful but also kind of amazing.
Instead of trying to raise the movie barometer, Geostorm becomes a generic by-the-numbers calamity that mirrors many of the clichés from Roland Emmerich's disaster flicks
Most of this movie is a slog, but the final act achieves a kind of transcendent idiocy.
It's a paint-by-numbers disaster offering, and its greatest sin is that it's not even big stupid fun.
It's exactly what you'd expect it to be - ridiculous, and enjoyable in its own way. The usual impressive set pieces can't save this sinking ship.
Geostorm brings tin-eared dialogue and squirrely, logic-deprived plotlines a-plenty. Miraculously, however, I had quite a bit of fun with it.
...doesn't outstay its welcome and hits its quota of spectacle and thrills without ever threatening to do anything too new...
"Geostorm" finds ways to draw attention away from an interesting use of weather as a weapon by using a cold front of political jabber.
A more than acceptable exponent of catastrophe cinema, as ridiculous as it is entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
... tone-deaf, witless, oddly unspectacular and utterly disposable.
If you're the kind of person who hunts for a "good bad movie" then beer yourself up because this is the most entertaining two-star film of 2017.
This is a movie where the special effects are relied on so heavily that acting, dialogue and wardrobe do not matter.
The climate change angle is mere window dressing for what is essentially another 'Gerard Butler action film'.

@highlight

Lacking impressive visuals, well-written characters, or involving drama, Geostorm aims for epic disaster-movie spectacle but ends up simply being a disaster of a movie.