Half-assed spoofs like this just don't work and come off as rather lazy and lame.
It's banal to the point that kids at the film's New York press screening were apparently bored out of their minds.
A fun, family-friendly comedy that feels like a combination of Austin Powers and Ernest P. Worrell.
This is not the highest level of comedy, or even the highest level of effort from everyone involved, but at least they get out of the way and let the man work.
"English Reborn" isn't terrible and is certainly seriously harmless...But it does remind one of the glorious past and the potential Atkinson never realized in his movies, even the hit ones.
What the film really needed was an injection of comedy that plays to Atkinson's strengths. He's a funny guy, but this material just isn't worthy of him.
Austin Powers, this is not, and I suppose that's what most people would have been expecting when they saw it.
It's really the directing in this film that really fouls it all up.
With a nod to Mr. Bean, Johnny English Reborn delivers comedy in any language.
If you like Rowan Atkinson you will like the movie; if you don't then you won't. I am in the anti-Atkinson camp.
Atkinson revives the comic secret agent that he first introduced in a series of TV ads in the UK, but this thin script gives him nothing remotely like a rebirth.
It does contain almost enough laughs to make it worth the ticket price. Falling a tad short, I would suggest adding it to the Netflix queue instead.
The under-12s in the theater seemed to enjoy it immensely.
He's priceless, no matter how many Mr. Bean episodes he's made.
To be fair, it's a shade better than the dreary movie that preceded it.
Johnny English Reborn is funny enough to make you laugh and plausible enough, in an exploding-umbrella type of way, to make you care.
Other than being family-friendly, Johnny English Reborn has only a handful of chuckles to recommend it.
Reborn is more of a spiritual title. Everything else in this silly but draggy comedy is pure rehash.
While I wouldn't recommend paying full admission price, you could do worse flipping past it on a rainy Saturday afternoon at home while looking for family entertainment. (Movie Review for Parents also available)
Just a reasonably steady stream of closed-mouth chuckles over comic incidents designed for that laziest little compartment of your brain.
Especially considering the meandering storylines of today's uninspired remakes and sequels, this movie is keenly focused on what it's trying to do.
At gunpoint I might confess to smiling when English pummeled the Queen of England with a tea tray, but the babysitters for the target audience will know that his best bits are burgled from Austin Powers.
It would seem to appeal mostly to hard-core fans of the "Mr. Bean'' star and children who laugh at the sight of men being repeatedly kicked in the groin.
Joke after joke falls painfully flat. Stay home and introduce your kids to Mr. Bean, instead.
Please, Mr. Atkinson, forget Mr. Bean and Johnny English. Give us a Blackadder movie and show the world just how funny you can be.
Slapstick-heavy spoof features dumbed-down humor for tweens.
Neither raunchy nor crude nor ADD-addled, the movie prefers long, elaborate, often very funny gags punctuated by bursts of good-natured verbal silliness.
The humor isn't as dual-edged as, say, a Pixar comedy. But director Oliver Parker knows his genre well enough to lampoon the mainstays of the spy-flick genre, from impossibly high-tech weapons to foot chases worthy of Olympic medals.
The movie feels about 10 minutes too long. Still the laughs, including the big laughs, keep coming right up to the closing seconds.
The movie no one much liked has a sequel no one asked for.
He is not reborn here so much as he is unnecessarily redundant.
That the film ultimately doesn't quite gel is no fault of Atkinson's. He gives it his all in an agreeably engaging performance.
After a fast, funny start, the new sequel, "Johnny English Reborn,'' proves to be more of the same.
The movie coasts on the charms of its rubber-faced star and its witty, easygoing set pieces.
All that matters with efforts like this is whether the cookie-cutter plotting serves up enough situations for Atkinson to contort himself into and out of jams.
The mix of groin injury and over-explanation could totally reach 9-year-olds and a greying Atkinson is still relentlessly lovable.
Atkinson has amassed a loyal following who will no doubt support "English" in theaters. But most will leave disappointed, thinking, "Bean there, done that."
Few in North America have been clamoring for a sequel to Rowan Atkinson's 2003 James Bond spoof Johnny English, but this is another one of those times for us to accept the fact that we are not the world.
Despite many groins being pelted throughout, Johnny English Reborn barely functions on the lone level of juvenile absurdity.
A sleepy retread of a tired formula that even Atkinson's skill at slapstick tomfoolery can't salvage.
The problem, maybe, is that English is a character modeled on a concept rather than one built from the inside out, like Mr. Bean.
Atkinson gleans a few laughs from the contrast between his lascivious bedroom eyes and spastic physical comedy, but he can only do so much to elevate material this hopelessly mild.
While Atkinson, with his elastic eyebrows and not-quite-in-on-the-joke gaze, is always a pleasure, the movie feels unnecessary; a way to give some work to a handful of actors while waiting for a real movie to come along.
At least he's being honest: Johnny English Reborn makes no attempt to hide Atkinson's shameless thievery, his lack of invention or even his graying hair.
Fans of sophisticated humor may feel empathy with, if not sympathy for, the lead character on those many occasions he is kicked in the nuts.
Johnny English isn't reborn so much as reheated, and his aim hasn't improved after all these years.
[An] enjoyable if somewhat wheezy reprise.
Improves on its unwatchable predecessor.
[VIDEO] While it doesn't live up to the quirky physical comedy the incomparable Rowan Atkinson is capable of, this follow-up to his 2003 spy spoof functions well as a worthy PG-rated comedy for kids.
Straight-faced support from Gillian Anderson and Dominic West as fellow MI7 operatives adds to the fun, but it's clearly Atkinson's show from start to finish.
Proves you really can have too much of something that wasn't particularly amusing in the first place.
The farcical goings-on vary from genuinely chucklesome to pretty feeble, but Atkinson's blithely confident blunderer continually raises a smile.
It's difficult to know in the year 2011 what such a movie is for.
After this second assignment, Johnny's licence to thrill has been revoked.
As an outright comedy this falls short but as an easy-to-watch, old-fashioned slice of British entertainment this is good solid family fun.
It's reborn smoother and better-looking but not much funnier, even though Atkinson as the bumbling Bond wannabe gives it all he's got.
Even though the film is critically weak, it will be family strong.
[T]he rare sequel that improves on the original. Granted, that wasn't hard... but neither is saying this damning with faint praise. I laughed out loud more than once during this very silly yet often very clever flick.
It lasts about 90 minutes, during which time I heard not a single laugh in the whole room.
I haven't laughed so hard since Bridesmaids.
Garbage.
Was anyone really clamouring for a sequel to the first Johnny English?
Pure English buffoonery executed by Atkinson on a bit of a film career revival, and an absolute giggle a minute.
One day we'll see a film that really harnesses Atkinson's mighty talent. This isn't it.
The most exasperating thing about Johnny English Reborn is that it isn't quite as awful as you might expect.
Some of the ideas are funny but the execution and timing is strangely off so the laughs just don't come.
While lovers of Britain's answer to Inspector Clouseau will rejoice at his return, others will find it as funny as a dozen kicks in the goolies. Which it sometimes literally is.
Anyone with any intelligence is advised to steer clear.
A 'slightly' more grown up take on the bumbling spy premise that will keep the little audiences entertained and the older guardians subdued.
It's not hugely consistent or clever, but this one's at least amusing.
Lazily written and poorly directed, this is a disappointing, derivative and largely laugh-free comedy that never quite answers the question of why anybody needed a Johnny English sequel in the first place.
It's very undemanding, though the enthusiastic granny bashing does provide a quantum of solace.
Director Oliver Parker displays a shocking inadequacy at generating even a mild titter from a few moments that had the potential to be funny.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Not every gag in Johnny English Reborn is predictable, obvious and unfunny. Some of them are established and then ignored completely.
A sequel to the underwhelming spy spoof starring Rowan Atkinson, Johnny English Reborn features good ideas which are lazily applied in a comedy that will make you smirk but not laugh.
It struck me with this take on the hapless hero that Johnny English is perhaps taking himself more seriously this time around. There are occasional laughs but the wild silliness is missing.
With all the gross-out comedies of late, it's nice to be able to laugh aloud at a film that doesn't require a swear jar.
A redundant spy farce sequel that's less of a rebirth than a retread.
Few things could be sadder than this unfunny vehicle for a clown long past his prime.
The real suspense is always watching for English to put the next foot wrong, and then retrieve his balance. I found it a hoot.
Moderately funny if you still laugh at people walking into stuff, falling off stuff, and having their private parts inadvertently collide with stuff. Chillingly unfunny if you don't.
Witless, overlong, unfunny and stupid, it's a film so bad it defies understanding.
This belated sequel squanders comic potential with unimaginative gags, but Rowan Atkinson's engaging screen presence ensures it's still an entertaining ride.
Rowan Atkinson has just slapped a new coat of paint on the old, simple and somewhat tired James Bond clown-car.
Action and humour are rolled into a grand, fizzling ball as the thrills of a spy story collide with Atkinson's inspired buffoonery
Is funnier and more complete than the original, with Atkinson in fine fettle, displaying the unique style of comedy he has honed into an artform



@highlight

Arguably a marginal improvement on its mostly-forgotten predecessor, Johnny English Reborn nonetheless remains mired in broad, tired spy spoofing that wastes Rowan Atkinson's once considerable comedic talent.