If Johnny Depp's barmy stumble through the yo-ho-hum Pirates sequel was playtime rehash, then his loathsome portrayal of the pestilent aristocrat Earl of Rochester shows an actor still daring to push the margins of his persona.
Big dull drag of a movie.
Slightly pretentious, but original enough to be a bit interesting, and buoyed by strong performances from Depp and Morton, The Libertine is a decent telling of a historical footnote, most interesting because of its strong feminist message.
Completely unshocking
Based on Stephen Jeffreys' play, about 17th century iconoclastic poet the 2nd Earl of Rochester (Johnny Depp), "The Libertine" fails to pay off on its promises of taboo sex.
It feels both overlong and incomplete.
Under the veneer of another fine/creepy Depp performance, the film falls flat.
A difficult film to watch, but one that speaks to our own invidious world.
[Director] Dunmore creates a memorably grimy London, but the moral grime covering the film proves less memorable.
I enjoyed it - or much of it - for reasons that have everything to do with Johnny Depp.
The performances are impeccable, but what might have been a handsome period drama, is compromised by a drawn out screenplay and over-stylised grainy production ... this dark tale of excess is pure theatre.
Mesmo em filmes irregulares como este, Johnny Depp é sempre capaz de despertar o interesse do espectador.
Historical accuracy is a liability instead of an asset in this painfully exact recreation of 1670s London . . .
This ugly creation uses graphic sex, bad hygiene, mud, diseased features and Depp wetting his pants (we get to see the puddle) to illustrate the perils of hedonism.
...the subject matter and marginal execution make it a hard sell to all but the most ardent fans of Depp, who treats The Libertine as a personal acting workshop.
Stumble away from this film as quickly as possible.
Newcomer director Laurence Dunmore does not show the experience necessary to pull off this period piece and lets Depp's performance fall by the wayside
The story, like the cinematography, is overly foggy and under-illuminated.
Disagreeable, unlikable, unwatchable.
"The Libertine" in question here is John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester, a poet and member of the Reformation court of King Charles II.
...had Wilmot not actually existed he could have been imagined by Jean Genet.
Too occupied with shocking the audience with its over-the-top dialogue to notice that it's not working.
Has some choice words to say about following one's heart in matters of art.
If you thought Depp went overboard with his Keith Richards impression in Pirates of the Caribbean, here he goes whole hog into the sty.
The story's familiarity doesn't reward its gloom, but it's lifted by an amazing performance.
Wilmot is so thoroughly committed to being so awful that his debauchery has a kind of purity about it.
The filmmakers would rather sentimentalize their debauched hero than convince us there was insight in his cynicism or artfulness in his obscene verse.
John Wilmot, the Second Earl of Rochester (Johnny Depp), is always the smartest guy in the room.
When the movie is done it really doesn't matter whether we agree that we like the Earl or not. We can all agree on liking that the movie is over.
For all its attempts to startle us with its vulgarity, this underdeveloped movie never locates a defining method to its messiness; ultimately, it possesses all the shock value of a toddler yelling, "Poopy!"
What emerges from the bilious murk of first-time director Laurence Dunmore's film is a sad picture of an intelligent and talented writer who opted for self-indulgence and gratuitous insult over anything more meaningful.
As the character grows sicker and quieter, the drama's energy fades.
The point seems to be that too much of a good thing leads to a vast sense of nothingness and bleak cinematography. Alas, it also results in transforming a film about a sensualist into a remarkably sexless enterprise.
Depp is stuck playing a witty rake who isn't remarkably witty or even all that sexy.
Might be the least-sexy film about a hedonist ever made, unless bawdy and bewigged somehow add up to erotic.
Despite its challenging central character, The Libertine offers a curiously entertaining look at a true original, as well as a glance at a fascinating age in English history as a society goes bonkers after a time of repression.
A bawdy Restoration romp that doesn't. Romp.
In dramatic terms, constantly being told about Rochester's talent but never seeing it makes the movie feel as pointless as its subject's life.
From time to time, a gem-like line shines from the squalor, but in general, it's merely the film's suffocating cynicism that registers.
As a dramatic enterprise it's stillborn. Not to mention depressing in the extreme.
Quick, literate, funny and filthy, a head-turning mix of high thoughts and low schemes.
Depp's depraved character does have twisted poignancy.
A movie that serves up what its debauched subject would never have countenanced -- sanitized smut with a moral attached.
Dunmore slogs through the story with an overripe sense of gravity that, when mixed with the film's carefully botched look, makes for one murky moviegoing experience.
Without context and reason to care, I never understood why I was lurking about here the first place.
Depp really does his best (or perhaps that should be his worst) to make his character unappealing and unlikable.
Rochester may have been a cultural visionary, but the movie reduces this notion to a parable of bad-boy celebrity hitched to an uninteresting love story.
It's a bit too muddy, dismal-looking and smoky to beguile us, too fixated on filth and too dreary-looking to really shock us.
Stinkers this rapturously self-assured don't come along often, and when they do, they deserve to be honored with the proper giggling disbelief.
Depp portrays Wilmot, who was also remembered for scandalous poetry and theatrical satire, as a careless and generally unpleasant fellow, who is neither funny nor profound. And we're supposed to spend two hours with this guy. Ugh.
First-time director Laurence Dunsmore ... enjoys his wallow in London murk and mud, but nobody else will.
As presented, Wilmot is so vulgar that he doesn't care even for himself until the final reel, and few people will care to follow his story that far.
Depp transforms a potentially repellent character into another glittering portrait in a gallery of lovable rogues ...
Loquacious, though (the) characters are talking in circles.
...will likely leave viewers as frustrated with Rochester (Johnny Depp) as his contemporaries were.
Sadly, this is a movie about the consequences of debauchery, and about Johnny Depp making long-winded Oscar-bait speeches while slathered in nasty pancake makeup.
The Libertine could be one of the most atrocious films you will ever see in your entire life.
Features another stellar Johnny Depp performance, but stagy dialogue and dreary cinematography mar the effectiveness of this murky period drama.
Any movie top-billed by a star as hot as Johnny Depp that somehow manages to sit on a shelf for more than a year after its completion is bound to be a stinker.
It is Depp, as the debauched and decaying Restoration rake, who holds the camera. It's a strong, sturdy performance, but one that asks more of the audience than it might be possible to give.
There follows much groping and fondling and talk of debauchery, all of it slightly less erotic than integral calculus.
Depp achieves one of his mightiest feats, rescuing the overly theatrical Libertine from itself.
This is an irritatingly unsatisfying and unappetizing profile.
One of the few films to maintain an air of stuffiness even while sharing intimate details of debauchery.
We are supposed to thrill to the devil-may-care attitude of this Byronic rebel-gent, yet we never find out what he's about or what he stands for. He's a self-impressed question mark.
You will not like the Second Earl of Rochester. But you will not be able to take your eyes from him. Having made his bed, he does not hesitate to sleep in it.
Depp, the movie star, is to be applauded for not ambracing dumb action flicks or brainless blockbuster wannabes, but at this point, he has gone too far in the other direction.
The Libertine is an unpleasant film to watch, and it should be, since it zeroes in on the pain of not being able to connect to other people.
Depp opens the movie by looking into the camera and announcing, You will not like me now, and you will like me even less as we go on. That turns out to be true.
Plain and simple, The Libertine is Depp's effort to pull a Charlize: defined as a preternaturally gorgeous actor attempting to portray a visibly repulsive person for award-worthy attention.
The scenes between Depp and Morton throw off sparks, but the movie as a whole needs focus, oomph.
...one of those supposedly daring erotic dramas that could actually work as a video touting abstinence. The sex is that soulless, that dingy, that diseased.
Director Laurence Dunmore films everything through a corrosive brown fog, obscuring and muffling the film's life force.
For all the overstuffed corsets and garters snapping to and fro, it's about as bawdy as a C-Span appropriations committee meeting.
An odd composition of stolid chamber drama and manic acting by its magnetic star, the movie makes for an occasionally invigorating experience that is too predictable and mannered for its own good.
Dingy and dark, using the trappings of rot to mask its central goody-two-shoedness.
Here's a movie that's done well, with quality performances. And I have no idea who will want to see "The Libertine," a sometimes digusting, always adult look at debauchery during the Restoration.
A daunting, challenging film that dares the viewer to like it. And, it's not the easiest movie to like, but it's impossible not to find disturbingly fascinating.
It's a mess of -- toward its end -- almost epic proportions, and it's nowhere near as vulgar and shocking as it would like to think it is, but The Libertine is riveting nevertheless.
It takes an actor in complete command of his charisma to get away with this kind of murder-- exposing the sick blackness of his soul with a sultry smile. Shame about the movie, though.
Johnny Depp does some pretty despicable things, yet you don't dislike him. There's just something about him that draws you in and wins you over.
a supremely distasteful piece of work that squanders time, talent, and one of the more eccentric literary legacies
The Libertine's libidinous charm makes most of its faults instantly forgivable.
The prologue is probably correct: you will not like Wilmot the person. But you may like Depp enough to be curious about his portrayal of this libertine.
A fine feature debut for director Laurence Dunmore, The Libertine is more of a calling card for his future work than a fully rounded triumph in its own right.
a substantial first outing
Not only incessantly talky, but talky in that arch, affected fashion that not only sets one's teeth on edge but induces deep drowsiness as well.
This has got be one of the least erotic and grungiest films about hedonism ever made.
It's a grotesque, repellent, macabre costume drama. If you want depravity, watch re-runs of the mini-series "Rome" on HBO.
What Depp can't help is the film's vulgar uselessness.
...while Depp seems the obvious choice for this ribald role, this is the first performance he's let get away from him.
The characters' florid, hyperbolic, elliptical, punning manner of speech rings true to the Restoration era, as both mirrored and modeled in the stage plays of the day.
Depp's is a murky performance in a murky movie.
It's not that we don't like the 2nd Earl of Rochester; it's that we simply never come to understand the man known as The Libertine.
For all the larking and swiving and the odd orgiastic tableau, The Libertine is an extremely sombre, thoughtful work.
Though Dunsmore, Depp and Jeffreys' conceits work more vividly as ideas than as filmmaking, they're ruthlessly true to themselves and grimly powerful.
Depp is stunning as a man who squanders his soul, his talent and his body, while Malkovich is exceptional as Charles II, underplaying the role to beautiful effect.
A seductively entertaining, fangs-bared historical comedy.
This film isn't pretty, but it has some kick: It is to Shakespeare in Love what wild pheasant is to Chicken McNuggets.
... more of a gothic horror movie than an arresting biographical drama.
The advance word on The Libertine was so bad that I was rather surprised to find it -- unterrible.
This might be worth viewing if the film's characters came to life or its abundant philosophical and moral observations went more than pockmarked-skin deep.
Depp has a wonderful time as the Earl, and why wouldn't he? The movie plays to his deepest boyish desires to jump into the dress-up box and emerge with a frilly shirt and one of Mom's discarded wigs.
Johnny Depp's beauty and talent salvage this rigorously stagy film on the life and bad-boy times of the second Earl of Rochester.
With its emphasis on muddy streets, muddier language and raunchy behavior, Libertine is a trying experience.
It's depressing to think how much better this could have been in the hands of a skilled director.
Nasty isn't necessarily a bad thing, there've been lots of really fun film that are nasty as hell, but this is just shock for shock's sake and is in the long run rather boring.
Though Wilmot's life hardly wants for interest, screenwriter Stephen Jeffreys (adapting his own play) doesn't know where to place his emphases, giving us scattered, disconnected scenes.
Such a torturous mess that it winds up doing something I hadn't thought possible: It renders Johnny Depp charmless.
The film relies heavily on Depp's performance, but it's so over-the-top that it's just not that entertaining.
It's always fun to watch Depp be flamboyant, but the story is often murky, and the cinematography even murkier.
The cheesed-up life and times of one John Wilmot, the Second Earl of Rochester.
The second half, especially, grows dour and maundering, and by the end the movie seems to flail in desperation, more like a work in progress than like a finished piece.
Despite Depp's bold turn as the scandalous poet, this disappointingly overwrought, poorly directed costume drama has more in common with Quills and Stage Beauty, all flawed movies about "deviant" artists who broke taboos.
Depp is a raunchy wonder, especially in a time-capsule-worthy opening monologue.
For those who can stick with it, the rewards are considerable.
An honorable misfire.
The film built around Depp's performance is leaden and monotonous, crusted in the faux-realism of handheld cameras, muddy streets, and dingy castle hallways.
This is the kind of film that Depp loves, understands, and unfurls his nastiest acting regalia for.
Depp gives a dazzling tour de force as a man who loses his soul, then his heart, then his body.
An exquisitely shot period piece with enough filthy dialogue to make A Dirty Shame seems rather pedestrian.
Depp performance certainly makes the film worthwhile by itself.

@highlight

Despite Johnny Depp's zealous performance, muddled direction and murky cinematography hinder The Libertine.