The whole distasteful mess is sunk up to its neck in a brew of Southern Gothic atmosphere and hocus-pocus sentimentality.
Hounddog boasts a distinctive wood-and-emerald look and several crackerjack performances.
Only Fanning's emotional honesty makes Hounddog watchable.
...as discomfiting as you've heard, yet there is one moment near the end that nearly saves it.
Fanning resembles an acting robot: stick a quarter in her head and she'll dial up any reaction in the book, absent the needed gravitas.
We're seeing Fanning in soaking wet white underwear playing in the river, gyrating like Elvis. That's worse that an exploitative rape scene. This is just the filmmakers deciding to depict salacious behavior.
If there's a Southern-gothic cliché (oh, those snakes!) that writer-director Deborah Kampmeier misses, I don't know it.
A slow procession of degradation and suffering, Hounddog is like a tall glass of bitter iced tea.
It's hard to take this wild mixture of sledgehammer symbolism, period Southern Gothic, race-conscious uplift and cautionary coming-of-age parable seriously, despite Fanning's remarkable poise.
The only lesson is that if you're a child of the south, you better get yourself adopted by Yankees.
A handsomely produced but unintentionally risible film that mistakes high grotesquerie for high gothic.
Kampmeier takes everything from the Flannery O'Connor school of Southern Gothic, tosses in cringe-worthy dialogue, and throws in not one but two horrible archetypes for good measure.
The latest wallow in regional cliche and stereotype.
The clichés are thick as the kudzu in 1956 Alabama.
Rarely has there been a movie as misguided as Hounddog, which self-righteously indulges in exploitation while loudly decrying it.
The problems that plague the movie land squarely with the writer, director and producer, Deborah Kampmeier, who has crafted a howler of a bad script, shows little affinity for working with actors and displays no visual sense behind the camera.
A bewildering slice of southern gothic hokum, it suffers from a weak script, proving that old saw about actors being only as good as the lines they're given.
Instead of embracing its pulpy nature, it aims for seriousness, then gives us cornpone performances, a lightning bolt that triggers a tractor's ejector seat, and a simple-minded view of saintly black folk who possess a dangerous blues.
The rape scene is disturbing, but it's not as surprising as the movie's unreconstructed racial attitudes or its deadpan cartoon portrayal of the lightning-struck, rattlesnake-bit, tick-infested white-trash denizens of the humid 1950s Deep South.
This overripe tale of innocence lost has become one of notoriety found.
Dakota Fanning takes an impressive step forward in her career, but that's about the only good thing about Hounddog.
Certainly, there is severe unpleasantness afoot, but defining the movie by its most controversial scenes isn't entirely fair.
Pretty but overwrought, Hounddog doesn't deserve its infamy, nor does it merit being seen or remembered.
People have called Hounddog the 'Dakota Fanning rape movie' not to be insensitive to victims of sexual abuse but because that's all there is to the film.
Fanning is exceptional, anchoring the film with the confidence of an actress thrice her age.
Take away the 'hound' part of the title and you have an appropriate descriptor of this production.
Under the circumstances, Fanning is remarkably collected and even dignified. As for the rest of the gang, they ought to be returned to sender.
Notorious Dakota Fanning indie too adult for kids.
As anyone could have predicted about a movie that generated so much negative buzz for its depiction of the rape of a young girl in rural Alabama during the 1950s, Hounddog is entirely underwhelming.
Ms. Fanning's performance alone makes Hounddog worth seeing in this age of child Duses.
The symbolism [is] clobbering.
An ill-advised variation on Black Snake Moan touting loss of innocence as a source of inspiration.
... a laughably lurid, vulgar parade of barefoot children, Gothic stereotypes, and "Fetch me a Co-Cola" dialogue you thought had gone out with God's Little Acre and Tobacco Road.
Wright Penn evidently helped get the film financed, but her big scenes feel shoehorned in. This is Dakota Fanning's film.
Suggests a Black Snake Moan origin story as conceived by Blanche Devereaux.
An exploitation movie about people lacking even a modicum of common sense--in this case '50s era Southerners--writer/director Deborah Kampmeier's "Hounddog" is an insult to its audience and to the actors that signed on for her abysmal experiment.
This apparently intended, cliche-ridden heavy-handedness . . . at times pushes 'Hounddog' into the realm of absurdity. But then the skill of the actors and the cinematographer nearly make up for the director's lack of judgment.
While the sexualization on screen of a twelve year old actress is dismissed by the filmmaker and some anti-rape organizations because it's intended to focus on a grave crime, one hand washing the other is not the point.
This slice of southern gothic is deep fried in almost every cliche you could mention from the last 50 years - and served up with an unfortunate side order of snakes.
A tasteful cautionary fable and fairy tale for adults.
Fanning puts her entire heart and soul into that may finally earn her that Oscar nomination next year.
Kempmeier's follow-up to Virgin is structurally messy, confused, and cliched, a lost opportunity to deal in significant ways with child abuse and rape
If it was a better quality film, the infamous scene might be justified if it served to enhance the whole. In a bad film, however, it just feels exploitative.
[Fanning] has the talent, in abundance. Let's see it put to use in better films going forward.
Fanning projects a strange mix of innocence and awareness. The triumph of her performance is her ability to turn it on and off in the same scene, sometimes even in the same shot.
Seriously, I'm astonished that anybody would try to pass this movie off as artistically or socially meaningful in 2007.
Aimless plotting and stock Southern characters combine to make this movie less than expected.
The much-hyped rape scene isn't even remotely the worst offense of this tedious and overrated film.
Hounddog is an indigestible gumbo of Southern Gothic ingredients seasoned with snake oil, biblical hash and thoroughly unpalatable spice.





@highlight

Despite a noble effort from Dakota Fanning, Hounddog is overwrought, cliche-ridden and downright exploitative.