In any case, by the time you stagger out of this endless nightmare, you will feel as aged and destroyed as Johnny Depp in his old-man makeup.
There are so many wild and funny ideas. The only problem is that they've used them all.
There are spectacular sequences, not all with CGI or computer animation... [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that could have been a fun summer escape winds up with a 150-minute identity crisis.
It's impossible to get down with a movie this long and this stupid.
Guess what? It's not actually that bad.
The Lone Ranger is a weird mixture of daffy slapstick and deadly seriousness.
Verbinski delivers a delirious final action sequence that transforms the movie from timid to full-bodied and rousing, but it's too little, too late.
You thought, 'Wow! Another cool, Jack Sparrow-type makeup job-check out the dead crow on his head!' All one can say of 'The Lone Ranger': what a waste of an excellent costume.
In short, the "spirit guide" of this film would be an odious trash heap.
If 1999's "Wild Wild West" was the deathblow for the big budget western, "The Lone Ranger" is the belated shower of dirt that should finally put the genre to rest.
While there is much good to say about this outrageous reboot of The Lone Ranger, there are also flaws that keep it from being totally successful, starting with a frame story that just doesn't make sense.
Well, it sure was a strange and subversive Fourth of July gift Disney decided to give the country.
The weirdest summer blockbuster to come down the pike in eons. I have no idea who this movie was made for, but I'm glad that I saw it.
A horrifically boring movie that feels like a long lost sequel to Wild Wild West (1999), another big-budget western disaster.
...funny, exciting, heartfelt, and just full of real joy and great entertainment.
If The Lone Ranger was a character in The Lone Ranger, it'd be the villain.
This isn't the complete disaster of Wild Wild West, but that's only because none of the $250 million was spent to turn Kenneth Branagh into a mechanical spider.
a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not be so easily and quickly dismissed.
Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no longer surprising to see him bury his index finger into the desert sand, then lick it
Has its moments, but at 2 1/2 hours, movie tries to do far too much
It's certainly not your ol' man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver! Away!"
The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters. Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
Yes, this $250million reboot is overlong, over indulgent and tonally uneven, but it's also stuffed full of deadpan comedy, breakneck thrills and breathtaking visual spectacle.
Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
If the movies have no ambition, nothing to say and no desire to tell new stories, should they continue? Jerry Bruckheimer, I await your answer.
It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
It's no sort of masterpiece. But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
Limp and lifeless, this overlong and undercooked would-be blockbuster cannot focus on either the hard-edged realities or the magical mysteries it toys with.
Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds. The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
It's perhaps no coincidence that the film ends up on a runaway locomotive as this feels like a train wreck throughout.
Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order."
Talk about a pleasant surprise! Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
Ultimately, it's not as awful as Wild Wild West. But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment.
... the film misses an opportunity to put a fresh spin on the material because it lacks any charm or sagacity underneath its cartoonish surface.
Particularly repulsive to many Lone Ranger fans may be the way the script, in the film's overly long second half, appears to denigrate American history.
Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how inventively staged they might be.
"This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto. It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.
Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that goes on for way too long.
If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
There's no reason such a durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again. Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
It does have some entertainment value, but what is most notable in this movie are all the missed opportunities to make it a better film.
"Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
A strange and fascinating and often thrilling movie artefact.
Yeah...this was a mistake.
This is a world too fanciful to be dragged down by anything as crucial as history-it's a world buoyed by faith, and for the faith you give it, it might buoy you right back.
It's all weighed down further by a drippy title character who wants to be anything but the title character.
Mostly handsome, it sounds terrific, and when it wants to be exhilarating, it knows how to be; but the story is an epic disaster of bloat and confusion.
A film that is at once divinely silly, surprisingly deep and deceptively complex.
A fresh look at the Lone Ranger legend with Johnny Depp outstanding as Tonto.
There's a solid story in here somewhere, but sadly it's suffocated under layers and layers of overindulgence.
If you can embrace the easy-going spectacle of it all and its general respect for the Lone Ranger legacy, you'll probably enjoy it.
Your expectations of how bad The Lone Ranger is can't trump the reality.
The Lone Ranger is a film that doesn't know what it wants to be.
Just as important as what Gore Verbinski's gleefully post-modern Western isn't, is what it is.
Each decade gets the western it deserves. For our time we get the very essence of soulless corporate excess and celebrity self-regard.
Too long, too weird and too darn tootin' unfunny.
I expected a mess of epic proportions, in many ways it is (almost any scene with Depp in it), but it is bold, visionary, and truly a unique piece of blockbuster filmmaking.
Johnny Depp and Armie Hammer project a humorous chemistry with each other while portraying Tonto and the Lone Ranger. But Silver runs away with this rollicking Western action comedy.
The good bits are like the seeds that end up on the bottom of bird cages, tasty tidbits momentarily visible before getting covered in crap.
I laughed, I had fun, but there is something annoyingly non-committal about the direction and tone. And why not just call it "Tonto" and be done with it? Who are we kidding?
Yes, there's a cloud of dust. Yes, there's a hearty 'Hi-yo, Silver!' And yes, there's a marvelous chase scene to the 'William Tell Overture.' But it takes a long, long time before 'The Lone Ranger' transitions into the iconic masked lawman.
A complete tonal disaster and one of the goofiest attempts at trying to execute a western with an action/adventure aesthetic
It begins and ends with a bang. Too bad the fuse fizzled out somewhere in the middle.This could have been the best film of the summer with some simple tinkering. But as it stands, it's just an okay movie with some spectacular action.
Despite the padding, "The Lone Ranger" moves extremely well, capturing many of the qualities that made "Pirates of the Caribbean" so much fun.
Overblown, stupid, loud, unfunny, and completely maddening in its undisguised assumption that you'll swallow this nonsense whole.
Bloated and uneven attempt to revive a long dead franchise.
It's ultimately clear that the only thing standing in the way of The Lone Ranger's unqualified success is its severe overlength...
What would Jay Silverheels say? Tonto laugh at bad movie, cannot fix with editing, much money wasted.
It's like Dumb & Dumber out on the range, but without the laughs.
There may be a way to mix the monumental tragedy of the Native American genocide with a screwball comedy about a well-meaning chucklehead and his mystically addled Comanche sidekick, but Gore Verbinski has not found it
Johnny doesn't take his Jack Sparrow shtick to new Depp-ths.
Between this and The Green Hornet, the Reid Family has been royally screwed by Hollywood.
Who has time to hypothesize about a Johnny Depp movie at this point?
"The Lone Ranger" is perfect summer entertainment, though not for small children. Step away from the picnic table and get to a movie theater.
A rousing opening sequence, plus the stirring William Tell Overture at the end of "The Lone Ranger", are not enough to compensate for the disappointing middle of the film.
He will not ride again.
The Lone Ranger is so lame and unlikable, it's almost impossible to root for him.
The film ends with a bang, which makes up for a lot of the dragging that happens in the middle. It runs a bit long, but I did enjoy watching a good chunk of it.
If you see The Lone Ranger and actually pay attention to all the maddening elements that resist fitting together, you might find it's a more enjoyable film to think and talk about than it is to watch.
There's no life outside the mechanical stunts, no momentum based on character or story, no happiness or joy or excitement, no thrill in discovering that this single do-gooder can save the day with the help of his almost-friend.
Clearly they are trying to turn Tonto into another Captain Jack Sparrow, but it doesn't work.
Most of us know the short and sweet Clayton Moore/Jay Silverheels TV version, but Gore Verbinski -- as he proved in Pirates of the Caribbean -- can't do anything quickly.
...the coin is spent on the action sequences, which don't get better than the spectacular train setpiece that opens the film...But in the middle? Maybe they should have done another rewrite...
You ought to provide the audience with someone to root for, and this lumbering screenplay offers nothing but lamebrains...
the anarchic, over-the-top third act feels pretty forced ... not surprising for a Pirates sequel dressed up in western wear.
A mean-spirited, misguided, overlong time-waster whose description as "popcorn" fare is fittingly appropriate, as it's an aggressively unhealthy substitute for more intellectually and emotionally nourishing entertainment.
At one point in the movie, the Lone Ranger is dragged through manure, which begs for comment. But it's self-explanatory.
I'm all for senseless violence in movies, but there is so much death and destruction going on here, you start to wish something nice would happen for once.
Certain audience members will enjoy this Lone Ranger but it's style over substance that fails to elevate the series in any meaningful (or particularly exciting) way.
It's as obsessive and overbearing as Steven Spielberg's "1941"-and, I'll bet, as likely to be re-evaluated twenty years from now, and described as "misunderstood."
Unfortunately, the director's only good decision in this bloated action movie is his choice of when to use the William Tell Overture on the soundtrack.
Somewhere, around the hour-and-a-half mark, The Lone Ranger makes the fateful decision not to end. Worse, the movie keeps not-ending for another full hour.
When it comes to mining boys' adventure stories, defaming pirates may be fair game, but stories about western justice and native Americans? Not so much.
The Lone Ranger stokes the legend but its smoke signals only add to the haze.
"The Lone Ranger" certainly won't revive the western genre. Move along, little doggie.
At one time, the Lone Ranger's appeal was simple, but this movie seems to be doing everything possible to obscure it.
[Verbinski] crams as much big-budget exhilaration into his movie as its origin story will permit, creating a film less about its namesake as it is large-scale action sequences, explosions, and CGI stunts.
Who, exactly, was this bipolar oater made for?
Occasionally entertaining but overlong and overly violent.
"'The Lone Ranger' takes forever to get to its final destination"
The tone varies wildly but there's still some fun to be had and the movie's massive budget shows up on the screen.
Cracking the code of how to present a Lone Ranger for the 2010s, Gore Verbinski's heroic adventure is a whip-cracking thrill-an Old West superhero movie, essentially-with a climactic train sequence of unparallel craft.
Prompts 'The Cosplay Kid' of the Comic-Con era of cinema to swallow the sins of our forefathers and the ones we countenance today.
There's something jarringly misanthropic about screenwriters Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott, and Terry Rossio's rendition of the iconic hero...
This slapdash effort just doesn't cut it, which makes me wonder if the Ranger wouldn't have been better off remaining in those thrilling days of yesteryear.
Depp's career will surely survive this debacle, but Hammer, in his first big lead role since drawing raves as the Winklevoss twins in "The Social Network," seems completely lost.
I give RANGER a maginal "Fix" rating. I kind of liked it, especially that thrilling opening sequence that cannot be matched by the spaghetti Western comedy that follows.
With the ostensible hero a maroon and the plot a draggy mess, the movie is essentially counting on Depp's broad comic theatrics to carry the day.
The classic tale has been re-envisioned as both a buddy comedy and an action movie, making it wildly uneven, veering between bad banter and often savage violence.
Director Gore Verbinski has adopted the more-is-better approach he used in the Pirates of the Caribbean series, crowding the movie with so many extraneous characters and subplots that the film becomes an endurance test.
A wild, wacky, wide-screen reimagining of the vintage radio serial and TV series, the film - with Armie Hammer in the hat and mask, galloping across Texas righting wrongs, and Depp as his trusty Indian sidekick, Tonto - is an epic good time.
I mean, no wonder Depp's in disguise. No wonder Hammer wears a mask. Wouldn't you?
"The Lone Ranger" is a pounding headache of a movie - loud, dumb, overlong and pointless.
The real problem with the new "Lone Ranger" is that, for those who are familiar with the multibillion-dollar "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise, there is little fresh or exciting about what we have here.
Whoever decided to revive the Lone Ranger would normally not be consulted for bright ideas again at any time in the near future.
Depp's performance isn't nearly endearing enough to make the onslaught of vulgar flapdoodle tolerable.
Shot mostly across scenic landscapes in New Mexico, Colorado and Utah, including Monument Valley, [it acts] as a visual tribute to some of the great Westerns of history shot by the likes of John Ford. This Lone Ranger won't be joining their ranks.
It's a touch bloated, but it just might be the most enjoyable Pirates of the Caribbean movie since the first one. (Yes, I said Pirates of the Caribbean.)
Lone Ranger creators George W. Trendle and Fran Striker are surely doing pinwheels in their respective graves. (This new take) is an odd mix of parody, homage, and re-imagining of the legend.
Somewhere in there is an entertaining film, but The Lone ranger stretches your patience mightily.
There's no shame in getting upstaged by Johnny Depp. Coming up third behind a dead crow, however, signals trouble.
By any measure, 'The Lone Ranger' is a movie at cross purposes.
For the vast majority of the movie, they view each other with skepticism and suspicion. ... No warmth, no esteem exists between them. Even at the end, when they ride off together ... Tonto gets in one last dig at his masked companion.
If "The Lone Ranger" weighs itself down again and again, at least it finally delivers during a stunning third-act set-piece that at long last incorporates all of the elements that should have been readily up on the screen throughout.
There's an "everything and the kitchen sink" overkill in the story. ... Verbinski manages to keep it all reined in, barely.
This film is so bloated, so tone deaf, so seemingly edited with a Cusinart, that you'll feel you've been scalped more than once by the time you view a wrinkled Tonto walking off into the horizon step by step as the unending credits steamroll over him.
James Badge Dale at least makes the most of his little screen time; couldn't we have had him be the lone ranger?
Cursed with useless dialogue, non-existent chemistry and (the worst sin of all) a boring story, "The Lone Ranger" proves that not even the Independence Day spirit horse always backs the right man.
What can I say? I love a good, old-fashioned Western, and this one delivers.
Disney's big screen adaptation of the classic radio serial is like the Pirates movies in many ways, and unfortunately, that includes the bad along with the good.
If anything, it's overstuffed with imagination and ideas, and when it comes to Hollywood movies I very much prefer that to the default setting. See it with an open mind, and you may well be surprised.
Veering between gruesome villains and silly humor, the film never quite figures out what works and when enough's enough.
... not so bad a companion piece to the better-and-better Rango as initially feared.
Tone deaf, it's as if Verbinski's prior film, 2011's marvelous Rango, got lost amid the Trail of Tears in a buddy comedy served up with a side of Hannibal Lecter.
I love this western, in part for its bravado, its excesses and its insanity. Even for its absurd 149-minute running time.
Not a disaster, but it has the feel of a production victimized by overthinking, tinkered with in an attempt to maximize its appeal to every possible audience.
A stone-faced Depp fails to generate even the stinky charm of his mascaraed Jack Sparrow, and in fact almost everyone here comes off badly.
With terrific acting, abundant directorial splash, and a healthy dose of anticipation anarchy, The Lone Ranger looks destined to succeed. If it does fail, it will be a spectacular disaster.
Despite its impressively staged set pieces, The Lone Ranger can't survive the epic train wreck resulting from its own tonal clashes, wherein mournful scenes of genocide and stolen immigrant labor are tastelessly juxtaposed with silly slapstick humor.
What if the entire movie is in fact a fantasy memory that masks the genocide of [Tonto's] people that he cannot bring himself to process, leading him to create a fiction in which he was a legendary hero?
The sort of movie that delivers too much too late and still manages to make it feel like too little.
Except for the dynamite finale, "The Long Ranger" feels like a long, slow ride to the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump.
It wouldn't work as well as it does if Hammer and Depp didn't play off one another as well as they do. But work it does, in a sort of shambling, Frankenstein manner that seems like it should fall apart at any moment but doesn't.
In trying to balance grandiosity with playfulness, to lampoon cowboy-and-Indian clichés while taking somber account of a history of violence, greed and exploitation, it descends into nerve-racking incoherence.
Even more than Man of Steel, The Lone Ranger is the poster child for our culture's terminal inability to offer children today heroic role models.
It's a messy, unfocussed tale, even before Verbinski starts trying to create Fast and Furious-style chase scenes with nothing but steam locomotives.
A reboot of The Lone Ranger that metaphorically drags this noble story -- and literally drags its title character -- through a steaming heap of horse droppings.
...despite this film's excessive run time and the screenwriters' decision to turn the Ranger into an inept supporting player, Verbinski's crafted a somewhat more artful movie here than one might have expected.
The Lone Ranger is too often as vast and empty as Utah's Monument Valley. Only the film's wide stretches aren't awe-inspiring so much as much as tiring.
All in all, "The Lone Ranger" exceeded my expectations.
a film of the scope that The Lone Ranger provides demands to be seen on the biggest screen possible, a reminder of when films were more than playthings on backlit screens, but could open up the vistas of Monument Valley in monumental ways.
Those who go to The Lone Ranger because it stars Johnny Depp will come away satisfied by a performance that reminds them of his Pirates of the Caribbean character.
Instead of a noble savage, Depp gives us a comic savage - Willy Wonka with a dead bird on his head.
Runaway trains have enough to do in The Lone Ranger without being asked to serve as the defining symbol of this movie... bloated by a reported $250 million budget to a saddle-sore running time of two and a half hours.
Everyone seems to want this to be horrible. It's not horrible.
It's not until the last 15 minutes, when "The William Tell Overture" arrives in its full glory, that this starts to feel a little like The Lone Ranger. But that's too little, too late.
'The Wild Wild West' of 2013, a visually extravagant but tonally chaotic behemoth that never finds the right balance between slam-bang action, goofy comedy abd solemn historical critique.
It takes forever to get everybody's backstory, and a pointless framing device set 60 years after the main action weighs down an already bloated screenplay.
It's got too much on its mind, and it's unsure of its tone. This is the rough cut of a slimmer, better movie.
Not even performers as game as Armie Hammer, in the title role, and as inspired as Johnny Depp, as Tonto, can yoke the divergent ambitions of Gore Verbinski's The Lone Ranger.
The Lone Ranger has some of the playful silliness of Rango but the Verbinski/Depp collaborations it more closely resembles are the worst Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
A movie for the whole family to avoid... 2 1/2 of the longest hours on record, a jumbled botch that is so confused in its purpose and so charmless in its effect that it must be seen to be believed, but better yet, no. Don't see it, don't believe it...
Johnny Depp serves as the weirdo emcee, leading the audience through a 149-minute bill of visual gags, left-field references, bit characters, John Ford and Sergio Leone impressions, and eccentric framing devices.
Violent to the point that to recommend this film to any Disney-loving kid would perhaps taint said child's opinion of the Mouse House for life.
The movie, of course, barrels toward climax upon climax, and while possibly better photographed, the crashes, bangs, and booms are no less numbing than anything else you've seen in this summer of garbage blockbusters.
Just another long, bloated, would-be epic.
The Lone Ranger is a $250-million mess, saved from catastrophe only by the opportunity to see another eccentric performance by Johnny Depp.
As inventive and appealing as Depp remakes his Tonto, he can't compete with producer Jerry Bruckheimer's exhaustive, spectacular action overkill with explosions, bullets, chases and silly stunts that go on until tomorrow.
The film is a bloated, incoherent would-be epic that stumbles like a horse that stepped in too many plot holes and came up lame.
Hammer plays the Lone Ranger as a clueless, stolid square, and the resulting contrast with Depp's cartoonishness isn't odd-couple funny, just blah.
The Lone Ranger succeeds on all counts -- perhaps too well. The movie is so imaginative, so brimming with ideas that it can't quite decide what to be.
Verbinski's movies have a bloated feeling, as shown in each Pirates movie. The action sequences in The Lone Ranger would have been even more exciting if Verbinski had cut at least 30 minutes.
How/why/wherefore did it turn out this way? The evidence suggests a combination of hubris, errant revisionism, a misguided and perverse degree of violence, and a script that never worked in the first place.
There's a couple of hundred million dollars' worth of technical wizardry up there on screen, and nothing is at stake.
A horse of an indifferent color.
A handsomely photographed but sloppily plotted homage to the classic serial hero that also acts as a cinematic cousin to the Caribbean franchise.
I strongly suggest tuning in to the last chunk of 'The Lone Ranger' when it appears on basic cable.
It's noisy, intentionally ugly, and excruciatingly long (clocking in at 150 minutes). Serious hi-ho is missing from this leaden endeavor.
Although the plot didn't blow me away as it's too predictable, the chemistry between Hammer and Depp works. (Full Parental Review also available)
The film, part spoof, part pastiche, is chockablock with violent incident, spectacular settings, Buster Keaton-esque action and colorful characters out of spaghetti Westerns of yore.
It's 'Pirates of the Caribbean' in the Old West. Any resemblance between the old-time radio/TV Western and this theme-park-ride-ready-to-happen is exactly what Disney had in mind.
Like watching an elephant tap dance in your living room: Everything gets trampled and the dancing's not very good.
"The Lone Ranger" is a frustrating exercise in overkill, a kind-of, sort-of interesting idea buried in summer-movie excess.
Not quite a parody but broader than an homage, The Lone Ranger fights itself at every turn.
[A] bloated, misshapen mess, a stillborn franchise loaded with metaphors for its feeble attempts to amuse, excite and entertain.
It's not quite funny enough to be a comedy, nor quite exciting enough to be an action film - until the last 20 minutes or so, when it's a little too late.
Tries so hard to be every kind of movie at once that it ends up being no kind of movie at all.
An unwieldy and, at an inexcusable 149 minutes, overlong indulgence offering occasional thrills and giggles but none sufficient to warrant the effort; we've seen its type before, in the form of Barry Sonnenfeld's Will Smith misfire, Wild Wild West.
The Lone Ranger may feature excellent direction from Gore Verbinski, but it is a tonally disastrous mess as a whole, and features perhaps the single worst performance of Johnny Depp's career.
Funny stuff good, violence, preachy historical revisionism bad.
It's the end result of a calculated brand - two and a half hours of 'fun' in air quotes.
They worked so hard to make a movie out of The Lone Ranger, responding to the pleas of absolutely no one. Calls for a sequel will be even less thunderous.
You ride along with inconsistencies because Ranger is building toward a final showdown. When that showdown disappoints, you feel every minute of the film's 2 1/2-hour length.
There's a limit, it turns out, to how much Johnny Depp and a bucket of makeup can accomplish.
It's a 2 1/2-hour slog, with tonal inconsistencies and monotonous, drawn-out action sequences. Scenes alternate between frenetic and tedious.
The Lone Ranger has it all, but what you end up with is not much. It's an extravagantly squandered opportunity.
I hate THE LONE RANGER as much as THE LONE RANGER hates The Lone Ranger.
The kind of movie that summers used to be for: the kind that makes you forget your troubles instead of repackaging them in a more colorful form.
In the end, The Lone Ranger is one hot mess -- an entertaining one, to be sure, but still a mess.
This attempt for another Pirates of the Caribbean-scaled series tries to have it too many ways tonally, resulting in a work that wobbles and thrashes all over the place.
The movie takes a more old-fashioned approach to thrills. It appears to showcase as many stuntmen as it does digital compositors.
The best thing I can say is it's not in 3D. But it's barely one-dimensional...Depp proves that it's possible to overact without ever changing your expression.
It's all too much and not enough-a succession of disparate, can-you-top-this episodes inelegantly piling up like skidding cars on a freeway.
Delivers all the energy and spectacle audiences have come to expect from a Jerry Bruckheimer production, but sucks out the fun in the process ...
Someone needs to drag this thing out behind the barn and put a silver bullet in its brain. It's the only kindness this movie deserves.
The film has plenty of combustion, but it's almost entirely devoid of charm or genuine excitement.
Since it's impossible to simultaneously sacrifice and worship a sacred cow, The Lone Ranger feels schizophrenic, a state of affairs that would be forgivable if it delivered as a comedy or Western or even as an brainless piece of summer entertainment.
The Lone Ranger is a tonally imbalanced Western adventure, but random comedic gems mixed with the perfect dose of Depp make this franchise reawakening a serviceable cinematic escape.
Perplexes as much as it entertains with a strong left of centre ideology clashing with the conservative roots of its action western genre.
The film (The Long Ranger at 149 minutes) flits from The Plastic Ranger to The Parody Ranger to The Action Ranger, with the odd couple always along for the ride. And then there is the violence, often quite extended and brutal
The plot is rich and colourful and with a hi-ho Silver, non-stop humour and fast action; there is much to enjoy in the company of the incongruous trio of an in-form Depp, dashing Armie Hammer and a scene stealing white horse

@highlight

Armie Hammer and Johnny Depp make for an appealing pair of leads, but they're not enough to make up for The Lone Ranger 's bland script, bloated length, and blaring action overkill.