Though it lacks the suspense of Marathon Man and The Boys From Brazil, it is still an unsettling made-up concept which could so easily be true.
A thriller with a historical basis, 'The German Doctor' is a somewhat fictionalized glimpse at a ghastly real-life villain.
The picture is beautifully shot and the serenity of the Argentine mountain landscape works as an effective contradiction to the deranged, demented narrative at hand.
Lucia Puenzo's queasy thriller builds up into a quietly effective monster movie.
It is the dichotomy of the beauty of the setting with Mengele's monstrous deeds that make "The German Doctor" so unnerving.
What the movie lacks in chills and thrills is made up for by the methodical unraveling of the truth.
Puenzo's initial premise is more promising, though, than her sensational tone.
[Àlex Brendemühl's] Mengele is a departure from the mustache-twirling villains of Marathon Man and The Boys from Brazil.
Quietly unnerving.
As he makes drawings of his "perfect specimen," chill pervades and the heart stills. It's an intriguing balancing act.
Wakolda lies somewhere between a suspense thriller and a delicately atmospheric art film, but is properly effective as neither ...
Puenzo's restraint, though commendable, rather mutes the dramatic impact.
There's a wonderful sense of dread built up
The tone is very different from that of Boys from Brazil-style thrillers. This is a stately art-house drama, well shot in wintry landscapes, which plays like a coming-of-age story.
[An] atmospheric thriller.
Nerve-jangling. That may be the best word for it.
An intriguing, atmospheric film that becomes as mesmerizing as a poisonous snake silently gliding towards its next victim.
The film combines the muscular force of a Forsythian thriller with something purely eerie, static and atmospheric. Brendemühl brings a refrigerated menace to his role.
Taut themes and fascinating facts are occasionally stymied by heavy-handed metaphors.
If the film is better as understated horror than historical drama, its taut last seconds encompass both.
This curious, surprisingly safe melodrama fictionalises the postwar life of brutal Nazi surgeon Josef Mengele.
Well-made and well-acted, Wakolda is let down by rampant contrivances and on-the-nose metaphors.
The conclusion of the film is still difficult to follow, and without a satisfying ending we're left with a compelling set-up a charismatic cast and a character sketch of a war criminal in hiding.
The gray visual palette matches the sedate tone of the film, which occasionally builds suspense but mostly unfolds too sleepily for any real excitement.
The subtle veil of horror draped over things we take for granted as good and wonderful aspects of humanity is deeply unsettling...
With his obsessive attention to detail and understated menace, Gregor is a chilling villain, as heartless as Lilith's doll. Evil, it appears, is not always banal.
Puenzo masterfully balances the film's thriller edge with disturbing details about Mengele's obsession with genetic experimentation, as well as the community of German expatriates in Argentina helping old Nazis elude arrest.
Puenzo has a knack for plumbing the heads and hearts of teenage girls. The director coaxes a mesmerizing, unmannered performance out of Bado, who is making her feature-film debut.
The German Doctor has the elements of a gripping thriller yet is never able to fully capitalize on piecing it all together into a worthwhile film.
A rather pallid, pedestrian telling of a tale that screams out for more imaginative treatment.
By giving away the story's big reveal at the very beginning, it infuses the film with a potent sense of dread rather than suspense.
Lucía Puenzo's suspenseful drama successfully turns our stomach.
The German Doctor is skillfully made and acted, but without any sense of spontaneity or surprise - qualities required for any decent thriller.
"The German Doctor" walks a razor blade between drama and horror ...
Even if you know the secret, you can't avoid getting caught up in the suspense of Lucía Puenzo's insidious thriller The German Doctor.
The German Doctor is both predictable and oppressive.
This thoughtful thriller takes a fresh look, through a girl's eyes, at a mystery usually treated in a more lurid style . . .of how Nazis hid in plain sight in Argentina.
Amid the melodrama is a resonant, highly moral kind of horror movie.
'The German Doctor' is never showy or melodramatic - just a kind of true-life horror story about the helpful, soft-spoken monster in our midst.
The melodramatics in this movie may be cooked up, but the fears it conjures are very real.
The restraint Puenzo employs here is an assured and refreshing change of pace-especially given the horrific subject matter.
A credible imagining of a brief period in Mengele's South American exile. The what-if conceit is intriguing enough not to be undone by increasingly heavy-handed symbolism.
Like some extraterrestrial being who takes human form, Helmut is at once utterly familiar and utterly alien.
This intriguing drama benefits from the monstrous anti-hero at its center and the spectacular on-location scenery where he finds refuge.
There's just not much of real import in this quasi-historical semi-thriller. It uses [Josef] Mengele as a mystery to be solved, then makes him a flaccid bogeyman, but never finds a good reason to observe him in exile.
Puenzo paints an arresting picture of postwar Argentina as a strange, morally occluded place, with former Nazis hiding at the best watering holes and resorts and with Mossad agents working in the shadows.
Limited by a severely rigid metaphorical framework that requires every action and character to signify either uniformity (bad) or diversity (good).
In Lucía Puenzo's film, things always feel off balance even as the plot points click all too neatly into place.
Puenzo dramatizes her material with an overcooked sense of import that generates scant suspense, even once Israeli agents close in on their Nazi prey.
Yeah, the title gives it all away. It's still a crackling Nazis hiding in Argentina thriller
"The German Doctor" -- based on Puenzo's own novel which speculates on a murky six-month period Mengele spent in Argentina before escaping to Paraguay -- is a smart and many-layered film.
The sinister interest a Nazi physician takes in a 12-year-old girl and her family makes for a chilling, original tale.
An intriguing narrative based on the doings of the evil Nazi, Dr. Mengele, who hides from the authorities in Argentina and is determined to continue his grotesque experiments.
What Lucia Puenzo leaves us with is a story that's well-made without being overly memorable.
The subtle menace of the would-be geneticist of the Master Race mingles with ordinary pre-teen foreboding to create a riveting cocktail of unease.
With finely tuned performances all round, Wakolda breaks down the ordinary to reveal both the sublime and the diabolical.
Bado is a compelling and at times magnetic presence, and the film misses her whenever she's offscreen.
A plodding Argentine potboiler.
An ominous premise gains little traction by way of Puenzo's plodding approach.
Alex Brendemuhl is chilling as the deadly doctor, though what is more disturbing is the notion of this German community protecting a war criminal and see him as part of a deadly elite.

@highlight

The German Doctor applies a refreshing level of restraint to its intriguing premise, and boasts solid performances from a talented cast.