As you watch the plodding action in Oz unfold, you'll find yourself wishing it had a bit more of the anything-goes spirit of a B-movie.
With flying monkeys, Yellow Brick Road and sequin-spangled witches all faithfully reproduced, it's impossible to see this as a standalone film, given it looks like an HD colouring book version of the original movie.
This is most definitely a 'Sam Raimi film,' filled with shots and camera techniques he perfected in the Evil Dead pictures before bringing them to the mainstream.
The script just isn't that compelling. The film looks pretty great, but it's ultimately flash over substance; a boredom recipe for anyone over the age of 6.
Visually, Oz: The Great and Powerful is a delight that caters to all ages.
For as high it soars in its opening twenty-five minutes, its midsection falls just as flat, before its director takes back the reigns in time for an exceptional finale.
Disney spent more than $200 million on this special effects film, and while the pacing and the visuals captivate, it's really James Franco's performance as the Wizard and an abundance of allusions to the 1939 classic that make it fun.
While the movie looks great and kicks into satisfying high gear as it heads toward the last act...the tinhorn feeling of the bulk...leaves one yearning for another trip down the yellow brick road-the one first glimpsed by audiences in 1939.
Antithetical to the horror excursions Sam Raimi built his name on, iOz the Great and Powerful is a heartwarming fantasy drenched in opulence.
The twister that comes to whirl Oscar into Oz is so preordained you could find its departure information and flight time from an airport travel board.
Just not the best director Sam Raimi is capable of offering his audience...
This is the kind of movie that doesn't so much rush off the screen as it prances off with its nose turned up in the air.
A marvelously candy-colored and overall-pretty-fun-nothing-great-but-it's-all-right fantasy adventure.
Director Sam Raimi creates a magical experience for viewers in this beautiful and engaging prequel to "The Wizard of Oz."
...Oz the Great and Powerful fares somewhat better than most similarly-themed, geared-at-kids big-budget fare.
It strays so far from the whimsy and joy of the original that you forget the two films are even part of the same universe.
A poorly written film with a vibrant palette that cannot hide the wickedness in its soul.
This eye-filling fantasy is an entertaining riff on how the Wizard of that immortal film found his way to Oz.
Thick with director Sam Raimi's gonzo flourishes, but thin on character.
For a movie that looks gorgeous, evokes memories of a cinematic classic and boasts a bundle of star power, Oz the Great and Powerful is oddly flat.
The funny, warm-hearted "Wizard of Oz" prequel "Oz the Great and Powerful" veers far enough from the Yellow Brick Road paved by the original film to avoid dangerous direct comparisons.
It pushes its gospel of modern "magic" - one third science, one third show biz, one third motivational speech - with Disney Channel earnestness.
Raimi's 'Oz' is nothing more than a grand theft of a 74-year-old vision, thinly veiled in over-saturated colors and populated with action-figure friendly characters sure to set the Mouse's cash registers ringing.
True...the odds were stacked against Raimi in his film that has some moments but hardly seems momentous.
big and splashy but tin-eared
Looking backwards in more ways than one.
Stunning visuals, some suprising plot twists, dreadfully mediocre dialogue delivered by a woefully miscast James Franco.
Sam Raimi has managed to recapture the feel and charm of the original 'Wizard of Oz'... and that may be the greatest compliment of all.
The script is the real problem, lacking in humor and wit (not to mention jaunty musical numbers) and emphasizing the type of sensory overload that seems to pass for family entertainment these days.
Raimi tries to go all in, but the update can't match the character of the original
There were things that offered promise... but one after the other, they blended into the blandness of the storytelling.
That the female roles are the most memorable is intriguing since Oz the Great and Powerful is arguably at heart a broadside against male chauvinism
It took courage to believe anything could and should be added to The Wizard of Oz. It took brains to create such a sumptuous fantasia with pixels and keyboard swipes. Now, if it only had a heart.
When a movie is as beloved as The Wizard of Oz, making a prequel would seem a foolhardy enterprise. Put one foot on the Yellow Brick Road and you risk stepping on your viewers' memories and dreams. Yet Raimi rises to the challenge with dash and dazzle.
Oz the Great and Powerful should probably have been titled Oz the so-so and Kind of Entertaining or Oz, At Least It's Better than The Wonderful Land of Oz.
You've got to love any movie that features an army of rollicking Munchkins getting halfway through a Danny Elfman song before, basically, they're told to shut up.
[Director Sam] Raimi fills every square centimetre of the frame with aggressively attractive images...Simply put, Oz is simply beautiful to behold.
It's Mila Kunis! And she's dressed like she took the wrong tornado on the way to F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Oz The Great And Powerful is as good as it could be.
You know, its heart was in the right place.
Just like Dorothy's technicolour journey before, this trip through Oz is once again smeared by this ill deserving charlatan.
If you liked Hugo you'll be pleased with Oz's coterie of zoopraxiscopes and praxinoscopes and zoetropes (Oh, my!).
The hackneyed message is about the importance of 'belief,' but in what? The idea that even the most talented and impressive women should move aside if a man wants to be in charge?
Franco hasn't mastered dialogue rhythm and there are times when the movie stalls while he gets off a line BUT, the road ahead in this glorious $235M production is lined with gold, like the invention of the exquisite China Girl.
There is also a message. This time it is not 'There is no place like home.' It is more like 'If we believe in ourselves and work together, with courage, we can do anything.' Nice message, that.
(James) Franco's performance is one of the better, more genuine things about Disney's given-to-excess adaptation/prequel. Still, the movie is on the whole engaging and entertaining.
Kunis just doesn't cut it as a witch, and Franco makes for an unintentionally goofy wizard.
Did anyone watch the 1939 movie and say, "it was good but I'm not satisfied that I know enough about the Wicked Witch of the West's early years"?
This fun-filled, fantastically rendered yellow-brick romp, a back-story companion piece, is festooned with its own characters and once-upon-a-time charms.
A perfectly solid family adventure, one that's made all the more fun for cinebuffs by those signature Raimi touches.
While there are quite a few fine things in Oz, I can't say I found the film entirely satisfying.
Sam Raimi made his first feature film, The Evil Dead, for $90,000. Now he has made Oz The Great and Powerful - a prequel to The Wizard of Oz - for 2,222 times that. The result is a thousand times less entertaining.
Franco, grinning and smirking his way through his performance, can't compete with the witches.
The film blends together impressive special effects, a story about teamwork and the redemption of a man who finally strives for greatness into an effective family film.
Enthralling enough to share a double feature bill with Victor Fleming's 1939 original.
Both Franco and the overall aspects of the movie are better than I hoped for or expected.
Pretty as all heck, in a manner that unquestionably reeks of Disney's attempt to sell you a theme park ride.
It has the wow factor that big, Hollywood event movies demand. Raimi was the right person to elevate some pretty standard material, though Franco and Kunis may not have been the right people for the job.
No Toto, no problem.
In one picture we have everything that's right and wrong about the contemporary blockbuster experience.
The film has lots of computer-generated special effects but no magic.
An imaginative mix of live-action and CGI that pays homage to the iconic images and timeless sense of wonder in the classic The Wizard of Oz without being too deferential.
Raimi deploys enough magical moments elsewhere to see it through. Just.
Visually spectacular, "Oz: The Great and Powerful" is a beautifully created film that really takes advantage of both super-sized screens and 3-D.
Franco is as uncommitted as he is idiosyncratic. The boyish charm and toothy grin are perfect for the con man with dreams of glory and a weakness for the fairer sex, but he never seems to be more than playacting, rather than taking the role seriously.
A dazzling, thrilling and wonderfully entertaining brand new classic. This is a Wizard of 'Awe'.
... beautifully designed, nicely acted by James Franco as the titular mountebank, and, best of all, it boasts some of the nimblest integration of live action and CG creatures we've encountered.
Oz the Great and Powerful is perfectly adequate for kids and people who don't believe every trip down cinema's memory lane amounts to sodomy of their childhood.
There will be a high nostalgia factor for those who love the original, but Oz the Great and Powerful can stand on its own. This is a rollicking adventure and wondrously entertaining.
Imagine my surprise at feeling some of the same thrills while watching this 3D prequel as I do every time I see 'The Wizard of Oz,' one of filmdom's masterpieces.
"Oz the Great and Powerful" is entertaining enough. I just wish it had not been longer than its much older sibling.
A portrait of plasticity that could have benefited from more intelligence in its narrative structure, more feeling in its characterizations and more courage to break away from the one-size-fits-all strain of blockbuster that's been draining studio coffers
A production this lavish, on the mega-sized Imax screen, should not induce yawns and droopy eyelids.
How refreshing it is to enjoy something we never knew we wanted.
... it is every inch a Sam Raimi film... and it is a genuine delight. It is 'Oz' deep down in its bones...
I was a bit skeptical about the casting of James Franco in this role, as a small-time carnival magician, but he is thoroughly engaging as a struggling con man and charmer.
What a stunner it is. Presumptuously speaking, this new take (a prequel) is/will be a modern classic.
Something that stood out (so to speak) was the sheer amount of cleavage being exhibited by the movie's three witches - I thought Disney had a rule about this kind of thing?
"Oz the Great and Powerful" misses a wide-open opportunity for nuanced social commentary that the Depression era "Wizard of Oz" so eloquently seized.
Oz the Great and Powerful is entirely serviceable family entertainment. Problem is, serviceable doesn't quite cut it when you're talking about the magical land of Oz.
Oz remains a calculated studio endeavor, filled with awkward shifts between simple-minded humor, gooey sentimentality, lavish effect sequences and move-it-along storytelling.
It may needlessly complicate exquisitely crafted source material, yet it's visually stunning, has enthusiastic performances, and is often quite funny.
Aside from a trio of witches that can hold its own with Eastwick's in the dishiness department, Oz the Great and Powerful is a peculiarly joyless occasion.
While it certainly has more potential to scare the Underoos off young kids than its predecessor, I doubt it will mesmerize them as much or have the legendary staying power of the '39 flick. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
The evil witches felt forced and one particularly miscast; though all things considered this is a solid fantasy film.
This is a pretty unique film. It's beautiful to watch, and it takes full advantage of the modern filmmaking technology to present a visual spectacle.
...director Sam Raimi...gives Baum's world a 3D/CGI/origin story spin that has more life and imagination than it's seen in over 70 years, even if the modern technology used to achieve it is often less than satisfying.
If I see "Oz" on the poster then I expect something "great and powerful", and "acceptable" just won't cut it.
" ... lurches its way into theaters like a dying whale into your living room, all breathless bulk and clammy fat."
The result, while far from iconic, is still an enjoyable, wondrous, family-friendly adventure.
CGI baboons, the wizard's CGI monkey companion and colorful but soulless CGI landscapes of Oz are no substitute for the absence of even one great song and characters who develop the greatest of friendships as they fight the greatest battle of their lives.
After years of Shrek-like cynicism and fart jokes dominating children's media, a refreshing tornado of sincerity blows into theaters with the new spectacular Oz the Great and Powerful.
Based on L. Frank Baum's little-known Pussyhound of Oz.
There are some underdeveloped ideas, but the central story - the making of a great man - invokes the "spirit" of Victor Fleming's classic for an entertaining return to Oz.
Oz the Great and Powerful isn't destined to become a classic, but it's a fun time at the movies, one that reminds us that even old stories can be new again.
"We are what we pretend to be" is not only one of my favorite Vonnegut quotes, but a surprising sentiment to be found in a Disney movie for kids.
...if you're not smiling during the opening moments of Sam Raimi's Oz the Great and Powerful, you've got no soul. If you're still smiling by the time the movie's over, you've got no discernment.
Let us take a moment to praise two great and surprisingly powerful characters: a winged monkey and a wee girl made out of china. Because so much human wonder resides in these two creations of make-up, puppetry, digital effects and lovely performances.
The new Oz falls short of the 1939 Oz in charm and innocence, and certainly in songs. But as family entertainment, it's hard to fault such a rapturous spectacle and astute, suspenseful piece of storytelling.
Oz the Great and Powerful is not some watered down sell out. It's a real Sam Raimi film - and all that encompasses.
Oz the Great and Powerful somehow manages to be both slavish to its hallowed template (when convenient) and completely tone-deaf to the magic that made it a one-of-a-kind cultural milestone.
It's a little bit corny and sometimes too in love with its own cleverness - but it's also the most fun I've had at the movies this year.
Has enough genuine spectacle and directorial signature to make it something more entertaining than a run-of-the-mill Hollywood blockbuster.
I was really torn about this movie so I decided to like it because Bruce Campbell is in it.
Raimi's film is supposed to be about magic, but magic is in scant supply.
Colorful prequel is less magical, scarier than the original.
Taken purely on its own terms, Oz the Great and Powerful is a serviceable family blockbuster.
Leave your preconceptions at the door and enjoy it for what it is. In this case, the man behind the curtain knows what he's doing.
Raimi manages to return to this well-worn fantasy world and find new notes to play, while retaining his unmistakable filmmaking interests in dented valiance and spooky developments.
The movie's success comes from the sheer joy and personality Raimi brings to it. Even working on a gargantuan scale, he's still making the movies he loves, the ones he wants to see. He doesn't pander to viewers, but invites them to join the fun.
... Respects its origin while standing apart as its own satisfying adventure.
Oz the Great and Powerful gets saved from the junk heap by Franco and especially by director Sam Raimi, who happily treats the enterprise as a sandbox.
A mixture of fairy tale, romance, adventure, suspense and magic in an overlong spectacular that will in turn amuse, delight, bore, amaze and occasionally shock young children.
The screenplay is not perky enough and Franco is miscast. Added to that, the three witches needed lessons from Macbeth to fully convince.
"Oz the Great and Powerful" will likely dazzle family audiences while satisfying movie purists. Somewhere over the rainbow there may be a more magical movie, but this will certainly do.
By the end of the two-hour 10-minute movie, director Sam Raimi proves he understands spectacle but not the deeper dreams of the people who consume it.
A Blunder-full Blizzard of Blahs.
It could use more heart, courage and brains.
It's a journey of self-discovery, rife with movie cliches about believing in yourself, believing in your dreams, yada-yada.
Where's the gentle sentiment? The quiet moral lessons? The warm comforting message of family, and home, and realizing that the thing you needed most was really inside you, all the time?
Sam Raimi does a nice job of positioning Oz the Great and Powerful as a bridge to L. Frank Baum's world for younger audiences, hinting at what came before and teasing future adventures lying just ahead on the yellow-brick road.
I'm recommending only because of the fabulous effects in 3D. But in reality, it is neither great, nor powerful.
What a world, all right.
There is little to love about Oz, especially by those who love the classic.
Exactly what Tim Burton tried to do, and failed, with his last four films. But this time, with Raimi at the helm, it worked.
Funny, charming, and imaginative, Oz the Great and Powerful is a film that lingers on the cusp of greatness but has to settle for being nothing more than acceptable.
A grand and magical picture that recalls the sense of wonder that movies could once awaken in us.
Like Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland, this film shows the overpowering strength of Disney and producer Joe Roth, as they once again bury a gifted filmmaker and cast in an effects extravaganza that's strong on visuals but short on story
A lovely family fantasy that pays fitting homage to the spirit of the original with a well-formed sense of magic, wonder and fun.
Has a lot to offer if you like your fantasy big, brash and jovial, but with a hint of horror in places.
...a triumph warts and all.
A prequel that plays out like fan fiction written for Playboy magazine. It succeeds with a little nostalgia but it's mostly a complete abomination
Franco appears to be more of a dude you would find at 7-11 late on a Friday night buying some Doritos than giving off the vibe of a movie star.
Perhaps the witches put a spell on the filmmakers -- because for all of the movie's technical wizardry, the story and the characters are as flat as a Kansas plain.
Fair or not, we have a distinct understanding of what Oz is and what it represents, and Oz the Great and Powerful barely reflects that construct.
Throughout, though, (James) Franco mugs as if in a silent movie and basically acts like a big kid playing dress-up. He is hardly a whiz of a wiz.
An inventive and stirring fantasy. Chances are very good that L. Frank Baum would be immensely pleased.
A dazzling, magical effort that proves a worthy companion piece to one of the most beloved films of all time.
Disney's extravagantly flashy "Oz the Great and Powerful" all but snuffs out the horsefeather magic and carnival heart that provides what little enchantment the film conjures.
Better than [Tim] Burton's dull acid trip down the rabbit hole, but that's not saying much.
The real star of the story is the enchanting, rapturously imagined setting.
A prequel and homage to the tone and feel of the 1939 original film, it's a spirited, new, family-friendly adventure that's filled with wonder - despite miscast James Franco.
This trip to Oz is a pleasant - but non-essential - journey.
Fortunately for everyone involved, Raimi has enough gas in his creative tank to keep Kapner and Lindsay-Abaire's script afloat in the run-up to Oscar's showstopping performance in the big finale.
The movie's strengths are its flamboyantly kitsch design and ingenious, humorous screenplay, calculated to please parents and grandparents at least as much as their progeny.
Oz the Great and Powerful aims for nostalgia in older viewers who grew up on The Wizard of Oz and still hold the classic dear while simultaneously enchanting a newer, younger audience. It never really accomplishes either successfully.
A visually over-crammed, emotionally empty mega-spectacle on the model of Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland.
Between Kunis' miscasting and Raimi's heavy hand, Oz the Great and Powerful is ultimately robbed of its emotional power and its chance at cinematic greatness.
This new Oz has a shallow draft but a feeling of depth, and some bona fide warmth from its heroes.
A charming film that raises, rather than replaces, the original Wizard of Oz.
A partially effective jumble whose elements clash rather than cohere, this solid but not spectacular effort stubbornly refuses to catch fire until it's almost too late.
The more you like the Judy Garland film, the more you might appreciate "Oz the Great and Powerful."
Yet, like so many big-budget movies these days, it's hard to care much about what's going on, especially as the film builds to its special-effects-driven conclusion.
[Oz] qualifies as a cautionary tale, not about the perils of ambition and selfishness, but about the movie industry's misguided belief that it can distract the audience from a film's narrative weaknesses with little more than flash and spectacle.
This freewheeling fantasy family adventure might lack the sheer magic of the original, but it will entrance young audiences with its tale of witches, a womanising wizard and the weird and wonderful inhabitants of Oz.
Oz the Great and Powerful tells the story of how the Wizard came to Oz, answering a question I suspect no one was asking, but with considerable digital wizardry.
Relax, my pretties. "Oz the Great and Powerful" is a lollapalooza of funhouse thrills and visually sumptuous filmmaking.
... as limitless technology teaches the wizard about his own human limitations, Franco hits grace notes that let us see glimmers of how great and powerful this uneven Oz might have been.
A flat screenplay and a miscast Franco render Oz a deep bore - at best a buffoon, at worst a creepy sexual predator.
What does it say about "Oz the Great and Powerful" that China Doll, a creature born of digital code, is the movie's most affecting character?
You could easily see this playing as part of a double bill with The Wizard of Oz, even if the effects in Raimi's film often look cheesier than the ones in its 74-year-old predecessor.
It's not like there's zero fun factor here, by a long shot - but the fun comes yoked to a long-winded and predictable story with lots of dead spots.
The film directed by Sam Raimi, a man who usually works from a clear roadmap into fantastical realms, is a mess.
A few adjectives shy of great and powerful.
It's a movie that, at moments, curiously combines Franco's mainstream, crowd-pleasing instincts with his postmodern, experimental bent.
Oz weaves compelling and believable back stories for many familiar characters and satisfyingly explains the origins of the fiery Oz head and the man behind the curtain.
A reasonably smart, imaginative spin on the 1939 MGM classic.
A long but enjoyable family adventure that is as noisy as it is clever.
Oz great, powerful addition to saga.
Raimi's prequel is a beautiful diversion, a colorful and clever homage to perhaps the most loved film of all time. But for all the technical wizardry that goes into it, 'Oz the Great and Powerful' does not live up to its adjectives.
If you can't equal a screen classic, prequel it.
This Disney prequel to MGM and Warner Bros.' enduring 1939 masterwork charts its own course, and, for the most part, is the better for it.
Franco is, frankly, too callow, too feckless, too much the dude for this role.
[Raimi's] Oz isn't a hard, sophisticated place for wisecracking adults, it's a land of clever, inventive goodness...
Sam Raimi brings the jokey, adolescent sensibility of his Drag Me to Hell to this lavish Wizard of Oz prequel, and the result is as unshapely as that premise would suggest.
If you don't leave Oz with a smile on your face and bounce in your step, then you're a miserable grouch that surely needs a hug.
Oz the Great and Powerful isn't great, nor is it powerful, but it is competent and entertaining.
If it only had a brain. Or a heart. Or nerve.
A dispiriting, infuriating jumble of big money, small ideas and ugly visuals ...
Whether you like this movie may depend very materially on how you respond to Franco himself, but I found his casting very astute.
Despite the title, Sam Raimi's new Oz movie isn't great; it isn't even good.
An oppressive, bloated bore, the latest argument that CGI kills the imaginations of talented filmmakers.
What we get here is Oz the Amiable and Unthreatening ...
"Oz" suffers from a gluttonous use of CGI and an incredibly weak story, but the biggest problem is James Franco as the titular character.
More like the Bland and the Mediocre... It's impossible to believe this is a Sam Raimi film.
The film's CGI'd talking monkey is more alive than Franco. And it totally looks fake.
Mila Kunis gets a gold star for excellence in bewitchery and Sam Raimi can settle securely behind the curtain as a mature master of illusion.
Though Oz has some of the same narrative issues and effects-heavy bloat as that highly personal fantasy film, every frame is infused with a deep-rooted, impassioned understanding of the cinema's magical power to captivate and inspire.
As pleasurable as many elements of the new movie are, most of this has been done before -- and better.
Sam Raimi's "Oz The Great and Powerful" has its moments, and enough of them to earn a very mild recommendation, but it is tremendously flawed and often frustrating work on the whole.
It may not be wonderful, but it will do for now.
"Oz the Great and Powerful" isn't a masterpiece for the ages, but an agreeable family film that pleasantly reminds us of something greater - of a land that we heard of, once in a lullaby.
If it's spectacle you're after, you'll want to see Oz The Great and Powerful, a visual delight for which 3D makes perfect sense.
There's some overlap between Raimi's irreverent sensibility and the large-scale fractured fairytale his Hollywood betters seem to want, but there's tension, too, and the persistent clank of an overly tinkered machine.
I suspect there's just enough heart in this sleek Tin Man of a project to connect with an audience.
It might have been more interesting if Raimi had attempted to shoot an "Oz" prequel using only the tools available to Victor Fleming and King Vidor in the late 1930s.
This film never quite decides if it wants to be parody, comedy or fantasy. The result is a smug, overly ornamented amalgam of all three.
An entertaining family movie, a true Sam Raimi film, and a fun return to a merry old land.
Visually the film is a feast. This may be the first family friendly acid flashback.
If Oz the Great and Powerful only had a brain. And heart. And courage.
The best 3D movie, period. So far, anyway.
Raimi delivers a movie that may not add much of note to Oz mythology, but is still a lot of fun to watch.
The 3-D effects are plentiful - hats, lions, and baboons jump off the screen and into your lap - but the characters rarely lodge in the moviegoer's heart.
Great and powerful? More like merely good and enjoyable.
It's not bad. Some bits are enjoyable. But ultimately, other than some genuinely impressive visuals, it never makes a compelling-enough case to justify its existence.
The new spinoff from L. Frank Baum's 1900 children's novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz may not be great, exactly, but it is powerfully entertaining.
As awful as the movie is, at least there is one truth that it gets just right. Witches be crazy.
People just can't get enough of this stuff. To paraphrase Sam Goldwyn, include me in.
Sam Raimi's colourful Oz prequel is nicely acted, visually spectacular and makes terrific use of 3D ...
While [Raimi's] Oz is like retinal crack, he never seduces our hearts and minds.
Making a prequel to "The Wizard of Oz" takes courage and brains. This one's got a little of both, but most of all it has heart.
Successfully drowns James Franco in imagination.
This Oz doesn't have much heart or wonder, but with appealing characters, terrific actors and colorful action, it's an entertaining fantasy for the moment.
While there remains much to enjoy, here's hoping Raimi is let off the hook for more trademark wildness next time around.
You won't want to return to this Oz.
Warmth and charm have almost been sucked dry from this incarnation of Oz and performances are muted, especially Franco, who bumbles through his scenes as if he is making up dialogue on the spot.
Great visuals, but Franco is miscast as a silver-tongued huckster. The story is also fairly blah.
[Is] Oz the Great and Powerful the tale of a playboy operator being forced to deal with the consequences of his bed-hopping past? An allegorical glimpse into the home life of Warren Beatty and Annette Bening? Perhaps not. It's pretty nonetheless.
Dorothy was right: There's no place like home. And that's exactly where you should see this film: on TV, for free, instead of paying for it in a theater.
This in no way will tarnish the memory of the original, and for the most part it's a hugely enjoyable return to Oz!
What it lacks, rather like Oscar himself, is any authentic magic: the script's post-'Shrek' wisecracks feel especially out of place, and the over-processed digital landscapes can't match the beauty of handmade Hollywood artifice.
Throughout, I longed for the Raimi of old-or even of 2009's deliciously gross throwback Drag Me to Hell ...
Rather than tell us that everything we know about Oz is wrong, the filmmakers take what we already know about the wonderful wizard and thread it into a tale about the magic behind cinema itself.
Director Sam Raimi's dull, kitschy and overlong patchwork is sadly an epic fail - despite the presence of Michelle Williams, Rachel Weisz and Mila Kunis as a trio of witches.
Raimi turns out to be a much better Tim Burton impersonator than Bryan Singer. But the witches? Bland, blander and blonde bland.
It's more 'studio' than 'Sam' for sure. But, children who have not seen the original should take to it.
An amorphous melange of ill-fitting reference points and misappropriated aesthetics, a lumbering family blockbuster both tiresome and wholly indistinct.
The perfect blend of Frank L. Baum, Sam Raimi and Disney... and a movie that's as entertaining as the 1939 classic.
The raised eyebrows and slightly silly tone are all a little bit of a put on, but neither Franco nor anyone else goes full Depp in this one.
A better-than-average blockbuster kids film.
The wizard may not be wonderful enough to warrant a film of his own but the sidekicks and special effects make Disney's much-anticipated prequel a solidly entertaining, if not quite magical, family adventure.
Much in the same manner that Raimi's first two Spider-Man movies successfully channeled the vigor and élan of the original comics even while presenting them for modern tastes to devour, his Oz is replete with the spirit and vision of the original film.
There's no place like home, indeed.
Chances are that a younger audience with little knowledge of the '39 The Wizard Of Oz will find much to captivate them - and if it makes them curious enough to check out the original (or the books), then that can only be for the good.
It's  got heart and nerve (you can spot some clever efforts to avoid infringing the 1939 film's copyright) ...
As patchy as a patchwork quilt, but equally pleasing to look at.
Though not fully satisfying as prequel to the 1939 classic, Raimi's film is vivid, colorful and more enjoyable than Jack Giant Slayer, Mirror Mirror and other recent retooling of fables.
The land of Oz is as fantastical, magical, colourful and enchantingly beautiful as CGI can make it
A magical and entertaining tale complete with good and bad witches, endearing characters, and startling visual effects that entice us into a world of waterfalls, rainbows, ruby flowers and flying baboons
Sam Raimi's film provides proof that the more we know about the mysteries of our favorite stories, the less interesting they become.
Oz the Great and Powerful can be enjoyed, up to a point, on its own colorful, diverting but finally rather futile terms.
Quite the opposite of the great earlier film, the Oz here is a dull place to be. Given the choice, you might even consider going back to Kansas.
It may not have much courage in its adherence to the 1939 classic, [but] the film still manages to find both a brain and heart somewhere along the way.
Director Sam Raimi tries to mix dark and light tones while bolstering the action and effects, but the resulting film is a glossy jumble that is rarely magical.
Raimi strikes just the right balance of dreamy nostalgia and sharp wit. You simply must go off to see the wizard.
A visually dazzling, wickedly humoured and richly characterised epic that has Sam Raimi's magic touch all over it.
While Judy Garland sang "Over the Rainbow" this is Sam Raimi taking us to the dark side of the rainbow and parents be warned: your wee ones will get nightmares of the winged-baboon variety.
All four principals and their director Sam Raimi emerge no worse off for the experience, but nor do they cover themselves in any type of ground-breaking glory.


@highlight

It suffers from some tonal inconsistency and a deflated sense of wonder, but Oz the Great and Powerful still packs enough visual dazzle and clever wit to be entertaining in its own right.