So-so movie with great cast pushes PG-13 limits.
As in the other two movies, the plot is a thin cardboard box carrying an assortment of observational doughnuts.
Take one part "Barbershop," one part Queen Latifah, sprinkle in a tablespoon of 'you-go-girl' and stir to get the confection of "Beauty Shop."
This bottom-feeder's sophomoric, locker room approach to black-white, gay-straight, and male-female issues cannot be undone by a saccharine storybook ending.
Bille Woodruff directs the comedy with a warm generosity of spirit, which gives all the actors in a delightful ensemble cast their chance to shine.
It's meant to be a gender switch on its predecessor, but it's actually just a pale comparison.
Diverting but overly episodic... never quite hangs together as a feature.
Queen Latifah proved that she could be watchable in awful movies when she made Taxi, although Beauty Shop never gets close to that particular level of badness.
Latifah carries the weight of this film and does an impressive job given a script that's crying out for a total restyle.
This is one film that should have been abandoned at the "I'm thinking about writing a new screenplay" phase because it ultimately does no good whatsoever.
Has the stink of a bad perm all over it.
A very funny story that will make you laugh. Enjoy this new comedy from MGM.
Latifah does her best to keep it real, and that's the sad part. What she and her girlfriends do to the English language is pretty darn ugly.
It's thin, Kate Lanier and Norman Vance Jr.'s screenplay is virtually nonexistent, and there isn't a single thing that happens I didn't see coming from over a mile away, and yet I still thoroughly enjoyed myself.
a nice enough story, just not funny or memorable enough to make it into a winner.
Passable entertainment of the lightweight kind, providing several nice comic characters and scenes along the way.
This is the very picture of bland, uncreative filmmaking, and the fact that it was made by African-Americans is just a further example of the tragedy of black-on-black crime.
I thought this was too much like the pilot for a sitcom.
This hormonally hyper-charged emporium for dirty talk lacks sparkle and subtlety.
As a crackling cultural feminine empowerment piece, Beauty Shop is about as well-rounded as an unshaped Afro hairdo
Latifah is fun but the plot is a 'Barbershop' retread.
The camera observes big-bootied women, a fine guy who might be gay and Alicia Silverstone's terminally white dancing, but it doesn't exactly count as observational humor.
Beauty Shop won't change any lives. Like highlights on top of a familiar 'do, though, it'll brighten things for a while.
Beauty Shop isn't as much of a surprise because Queen Latifah is not as unexpected as Ice Cube... in Barber Shop. However, it is a feel-good and sassy comedy...
It isn't as much awful as it is fundamentally unnecessary.
Who'd have thought that two sequels in, the hair-cutting set-up would still be fun?
The film's genial, blow-dry attitude keeps things from going astray.
The film has a lot of good things around the edges, but its core lacks the spark that would make us want to return again and again to Gina's salon.
The story is for the most part useless and thin--the pilot of a failed sitcom.
I gave up the fight after hearing the phrase "hotter than a jalapeño's hoochie".
Did you like the Barbershop movies? You'll like this too.
I may not be fully qualified to evaluate this movie 'cause I'm a guy. I don't know what women talk about when they're alone. Maybe it's what you get on screen. Maybe not.
It has some very funny moments but it tries to do too many things - it's a bit like watching back-to-back episodes of a sitcom.
... A carbon copy of Barbershop, only with a female cast.
Raucous & funny, albeit stereotypical, it gives bawdy texture to the humor and a feel-good lift to the heart.
It's just a blast of hot air, and every bit as fleeting.
Queen Latifah's back on track. She has a long way to go to equal her role in "Chicago," in which she both starred and sang. But "Beauty Shop" is a better-than-average outing.
Funny, smart and better than either Barbershop film
The few serious notes in the movie are also its weakest. The film is on much safer ground when it's playing culture-crossing for laughs...
A comedy that really works thanks to the appealing performance by Queen Latifah as an entrepreneur determined to fulfill her dream.
Its lackluster efforts to be raunchily topical about issues of race, class and sexuality leave its talented cast stranded without a paddle.
...the makeover as therapy.
A cramped sitcomlike vehicle, [but Queen Latifah's] royal presence makes this little Ford Fiesta ride like an Escalade.
Without a real story, even a personality as indomitable as Queen Latifah can carry a movie only so far.
Despite Queen Latifah and its boisterous cast's best efforts to style the perfect social comedy, Beauty Shop doesn't quite cut it.
Although not a chore to sit through, the whole thing seems rather clunkily thought out and offers precious little worth remembering once the end credits have rolled.
Shouldn't Queen Latifah be able to find better projects than an unnecessary spinoff like Beauty Shop?
Feel-good entertainment that is no less enjoyable for being somewhat predictable.
It's a bouncy, funny picture that I enjoyed -- one that mostly eludes the perils of sequelitis and spinoff-itis, a lusty comedy about the importance of looking good and getting the right scissors in the right hands.
Latifah is, well, Latifah playing herself -- funny, brash, smart, likable and not willing to take any garbage from anyone.
Has plenty of laughs.
Overall, the parts don't come together and jell as well as they did in the Barbershop films.
Starring the endlessly likable Queen Latifah, the force behind Beauty Shop is girlfriend power.
Worth visiting.
It's like that fateful moment during a haircut when the scissors slip and that fun, rock 'n' roll shag suddenly becomes a mullet.
Playing an eccentric beautician who changes her look everyday, the incandescent Alfre Woodard shows she's as adept at comedy as drama.
All that positive energy is in keeping with the film's kinder, gentler vibe, but it's not very interesting.
This spinoff lacks the repartee and thought-provoking social commentary of the original and its sequel. Instead, we get dumbed-down characters and juvenile booty jokes.
Beauty Shop extends the popular Barbershop franchise to Atlanta and provides a sassy feminine counterpart to its cozy men's-club vibe.
You take the good with the bad.
The loose, lively spirit of the performances breathes life into the cliches.
You already know if you like this kind of thing or not. But if you do, there's little not to like.
An ugly little movie that is an insult to its origins and a waste of the Queen's considerable talents.
Has nothing new to say, but it has a lot of fun covering the same old territory.
The movie finally manages to find its groove in the when director Bille Woodruff steps aside and allows his talented cast to mine the material for all it's worth.
Needs highlights and a trim.
All jokes and plot points are telegraphed. You couldn't miss the clues even if your head was in the sink.
A dull script and slack direction.
This came out a little uneven.
Even a sharp pace can't disguise the lack of dramatic momentum.
Looks, feels and unfolds with measured sitcom familiarity, right down to the storming of characters through the shop's doors and the relentless crossfire of sassy putdowns.
At this point, any humor left in the Barbershop series is limited to a few stray clippings on the floor.
Thanks to Queen Latifah, it manages to keep its comic shape, even with the wind of familiarity blowing around.
A bit too relaxed for its own good.
The result is not so much a follow-up as a newly conceived comedy, and a good one at that.
A fluff job.
Funny, warm and relaxingly good-natured, the kind of movie that invites us to check personal woes at the door.
Both fresh and familiar, entertaining and uplifting enough in its own right even if it doesn't quite measure up to its predecessors.
[A] formulaic but extremely good-natured comedy.
The movie has a solid moral core that uses stereotypes to impart important lessons about respect, tolerance and hair conditioner. And Queen Latifah is irresistible.
It's refreshing how most of the movie is essentially about the characters, their stories, their lives.
The film resides in the realm of mediocrity, dreadful in spots, enjoyable on occasion, and disposable throughout.
For all the vivid, amusing characters that surround Gina, Beauty Shop rightly belongs to Latifah, who comes into her own as a star and an actress in this film.
There is much to enjoy in the struggles and triumphs of Latifah's Gina Morris.
[A] wan, third-generation photocopy, only with chicks, and despite the fact that it's an enormous mess, the terrific cast is undeniably ingratiating....
It's a boisterous and amiable movie but not, in the end, a very funny one.
Fun, sassy, and the only mainstream Hollywood comedy you'll ever see that features Maya Angelou quoted throughout.
Barbershop has been given a cinematic sex-change operation.
Takes the most outwardly memorable characteristics of Barbershop ... and replays them again, with less genuine verve.
Beauty Shop has plenty of funny moments, along with randy, outrageous dialogue, but not much of a plot.
I can't authoritatively say that Silverstone's slack-jawed, forced-twang performance is the worst in film history - I can only guess and hope that this is so.
The cookie-cutter plot is little more than a frame for the chemistry created by personalities tossed together in the cozy shop.
Lazy direction hurts this old-fashioned sitcom.
Everyone appears to have a good time but the script...covers nothing new and is little more than a series of vignettes
...too amiable to dislike...boasts quite the ensemble cast
Girls just wanna have fun, and so does the film, which recycles the requisite moralizing into a breezy, sporadically funny package.
This film is less a movie than a brand extension. Speaking of which, it is as synthetic as cut-rate hair extensions and as obvious as its intrusive product placements.
A ramshackle movie, jerry-built from leftover materials and...so rushed to completion that it threatens to collapse from the effort to cobble everything together.
It's hard to deny Latifah her energy, but the Beauty Shop material is so tired it should come outfitted with a comforter and pillows.
More than just racial slapstick and cheap Maya Angelou jokes.
The laughs come fast and easy in Beauty Shop, but the minimal-effort plot keeps getting underfoot.
a series of individual bite-sized conflicts that would fit snuggly in a half-hour sitcom
You may not "get krunked" with Beauty Shop, but you know what you're getting into. It's sitcom-ready material that delivers on its promise.
'Beauty Shop' has it all -- great performances, an empowering story and tons of laughs.
No matter how many jokes about big booties Beauty Shop tosses at us, it's nothing more than Barber Shop Lite.
Ice Cube and his investors continue their box-office gentrification of the inner city. As obvious and visually bland as a sitcom, but likable...
About as fresh as a Jeri Curl.
Rather clunky and unfunny, [but] its cast has enough personality to make it surprisingly entertaining.
Do your hair at home.








@highlight

Despite a strong performance by Queen Latifah, Beauty Shop is in need of some style pointers.