Minor ethical questions do linger... But the higher-level mission here, to engender fascination among young viewers, is well accomplished.
Simplistic, but a charming and child-friendly introduction to our cousins in the wild that no zoo could provide, with a monkey heroine whom kids will cheer.
Disney knows animals, animated and otherwise, and they prove it again with Monkey Kingdom, the company's eighth in its annual series of Earth Day-related films and the best one yet.
The animal antics, shot primarily in Sri Lanka, are splendidly photographed and frequently charming, but it's hard not to notice how desperately the movie tries to anthropomorphize the characters.
Fey's combination of deadpan delivery, comic timing and deep sympathy for all things goofy keeps the narrative part of the film swinging from scene to scene in nimble fashion, but it's the monkeys who rule this kingdom.
It's this up-close-and-personal photography style that makes Monkey Kingdom and the other Disneynature films so effective. It's impossible to watch the results without constantly contemplating the process it took to get the footage.
Monkey Kingdom is a passable time-passer, with lovely visuals and positive if oversimplified messages about conservation and motherhood, but nothing more.
If it helps convey zoological and ecological lessons to children with short attention spans, then so be it.
All in all, this is one of Disneynature's best in-country outings so far, so much so that you're very likely to leave the theatre feeling downright giddy and more connected to the world than before.
Engaging live-action eco-documentary, combining education with entertainment...
Monkey Kingdom moves so smoothly and quickly that the filmmakers' time-consuming dedication and labor-intense toil stays, as it should be, invisible.
It might be tempting to roll your eyes at the Disney-ness of it all. Then again, maybe it's that Disney-ness that keeps you watching all the way to that happy ending in the first place.
This may be an unabashed, Disneyfied version of nature. But it's also fun, touching, and expertly assembled.
The filmmakers bring us to places and creatures we would never see otherwise, so we get education along with the entertainment
Tina Fey-narrated monkey documentary is funny, educational.
You'll wish the narrative could be as au naturel as the photography, but Monkey Kingdom makes for pleasantly diverting eco-tainment.
While previous entries in this series have been over-anthropomorphized, defanged and declawed, Mark Linfield & Alastair Fothergill's ("Earth," "Chimpanzee") latest is a winner with an organically spun story
This latest production showcases lavish, breathtaking cinematography, in addition to heartwarming stories about the inhabitants of these gorgeous lands.
It's a wondrous way for the whole family to spend 81 minutes. And most importantly, part of your ticket purchase during opening week goes to protecting this endangered species.
It pretty closely follows the Disneynature formula, so don't expect anything groundbreaking. You can, however, expect a sweet and entirely enjoyable all-ages delight.
Another winning entry in Disneynature's collection of easily accessible documentaries. (Full Content Review -- Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
You're likely to laugh and learn in equal measure-and so will your little ones.
An enjoyable documentary, with some painless lessons. And a good heart, too ...
Adorable as expected but also surprisingly absorbing, with marvelous narration from Tina Fey.
The story of the colony's exile and return feels like a dull sermon, but the animals themselves, with their expressive faces and Moe Howard hairdos, can switch from slapstick to pathos faster than Charlie Chaplin.
"Monkey Kingdom" clocks in at a very digestible 82 minutes and doesn't overstay its welcome. It doesn't monkey around - that's left to the film's subjects, who are more than happy to oblige.
Assess to what extent we're witnessing man-ufactured monkey life...[or] just pay no attention to the men and women behind the curtain and simply enjoy the underwater photography of monkeys swimming.
Monkey Kingdom is beautifully shot by co-directors Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill, who each have a slew of nature-doc credits to their names.
Stick around for the credits to find out how pivotal scenes were shot for this worthy addition to Disney's long tradition of nature family films.
Disneynature's documentaries have proven to be exquisite to watch, but time and again, they falter, if not fail outright, at telling stories without getting in their own way.
The film offers a valuable life lesson in the powers of determination and timing, but most of all it's darned entertaining.
You know how nature docs work. You forgive the hoked-up comic relief ... and tasteful allusions to death and dying and procreation because the tight shots of Maya's lil' Kip are so durn cuuuuute.
It's been clear for awhile now that Tina Fey rules. "Monkey Kingdom" is just the latest entertainment to benefit.
As much fun as a tree full of toque macaques, Monkey Kingdom is arguably the most entertaining of Disneynature's eight features.
It's hard to imagine what message children will take away from this film other than that monkeys are just like characters in a fictional Disney movie, which they are not.
Monkeys.
The lead monkeys are such an engaging trio, and the filmmakers are so successful in capturing them in vibrant images,that family audiences will probably be charmed, if not enthralled.
Everything Monkey Kingdom lacks in scientific rigor, it makes up for in pure entertainment value-and then some.
Monkey Kingdom may be Disneynature's low point thus far, but that doesn't mean it isn't a great time.
Although its chief asset is its inherently entertaining subject matter, "Monkey Kingdom" does far more than just let the cameras roll: It teases a compelling drama out of one monkey tribe's complicated social hierarchy ...
What we witness in Monkey Kingdom is nothing less than amazing.
"Monkey Kingdom" tugs our heartstrings to the top of the trees. With a lot of patience, and perhaps a little trickery, directors Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill have produced a simian "Cinderella."
"Monkey Kingdom" isn't going to be mistaken for science, but it's extremely entertaining.
If you don't love monkeys already - and really, we all should - then "Monkey Kingdom" will swing you in the right direction.
You couldn't do much better than "Monkey Kingdom" to get kids invested in learning about, and protecting, the natural world.
An engaging, kid-friendly nature doc with a hint of social commentary rolled in.
Monkey Kingdom is delightful, and its swinging and vaulting best any stuntwork you'll see in this year's summer blockbusters ...
The imagery of this film will linger in this reviewer's mind long after the monkey names are forgotten.
With its sumptuous photography, razor-sharp editing, and a delightfully comic narration by Tin Fey, "Monkey Kingdom" shows us like no other film in recent memory how closely animals act like people.
The cumulative effect is cheerily life-affirming, a bracing infusion of macaque-style joie de vivre.
The cheekiest, funniest, and most purely entertaining entry in the Disneynature series.
The film should hit the sweet spot for family audiences.
A populist take on simian society and alpha leadership leads to an entertaining look at caste systems in the animal kingdom.

@highlight

Monkey Kingdom 's breathtaking footage of primates in the wild is likely to please animal lovers of all ages.