Is Anybody There? devolves into a predictable yarn about a boy and a grandfatherly figure - but adding Michael Caine to the mix means it's still worth your while.
Profoundly (and some would say pleasurably) formulaic, the film possesses scant cinematic energy, relying wholly on the familiar transformation of a grumpy old man into an infectiously weepy humanist.
The talent and craftsmanship of "Is Anybody There?" is ample, but it remains uncertain whether there's anybody here still interested in this all-too-familiar story.
Warmly lit and beautifully acted, but cynical enough %u2013 and chock-full of enough dark humor %u2013 to avoid what might have been unbearably schmaltzy.
Even when dealing with the supernatural, Caine is never less than a realist. Yet you can still see the boy in him. And in Milner, you can certainly see the man Edward will become.
It's a film that serves as a poignant reminder of how quickly time passes.
Weighed down by a surrounding air of quirkiness.
Michael Caine is always good company, but he's been saddled with the role of a slightly pitiful man whose life has been wasted... despite generally good performances the narrative arc is pretty obvious from the start.
Like a good number of films, 'Is Anybody There?' is saved from being a routine offering by the presence of Sir Michael Caine.
Strings together a series of sitcom situations, goes for easy laughs, and wastes some very fine actors as other residents in the home.
This well crafted film is given resonance and purpose with layers and layers of detail that make the bittersweet climax all the more heartwarming.
Caine and Milner go together like peas in a pod. Or, better yet, like bangers and mash. They're an odd couple, but they face life as one and it's a rewarding journey.
With two direct and developed lead performances from Michael Caine and young Bill Milner, it seems unfair to watch their efforts wasted on an uneven, unsatisfying picture like the tear-jerker Is Anybody There?
a quirky, sometimes schmaltzy British dramedy that mixes meaningful ruminations about growing old with broad black comedy
Director John Crowley overestimates the comedic potential of daily life for the elderly and infirmed. Thankfully, the casual, unforced chemistry between Caine and Milner is strong enough to suppress Is Anybody There?'s cornie
It wants so badly to be meaningful, relevant and compassionate, but struggles even to keep our attention, never mind our hearts or minds. Not even Michael Caine's slowly sinking geriatric Clarence or affecting young Bill Milner can elevate the material.
This is a film that presses many emotional buttons. In many ways it is a really sad film and certainly one that needs a wad of tissues.
I don't have any significant complaints about the film, but if I didn't see it I don't think I would have missed anything special.
What we have here is a three-and-a-half-star movie boosted into the realm of four-and-a-half stars on the strength of one person: Michael Caine.
Worth seeing for Caine, who makes acting seem effortless, pleasurable and even noble.
It's also charming, despite the dark subject matter. You could say the same about Caine's performance.
Michael Caine raises this odd-couple comedy to highly agreeable levels.
The bravura acting is unsupported by a script that's content to settle for the dramatic equivalent of English comfort food, with moments of pathos and whimsy doled out like spoonfuls of dough and treacle.
[A] funny and moving drama about the mysteries of the grave.
There's a touch of magic at play here but it is of the understated variety, delivering a finale that is unexpectedly hopeful, moving and emotionally satisfying.
Occasionally wistful, often melancholy but always charming.
a bittersweet film about life, death, and magic. It's also one of Michael Caine's best performances, and that's saying a great deal
The patrons of the old age home have small supporting roles and often steal the show with the comedic relief provided by sporadically funny moments.
The results are wildly uneven. The good news is that certain individual scenes work well, provided you don't take offense at the manipulative nature of the enterprise.
The result is a film that's funny, sad and oddly brave.
Working from a screenplay by Peter Harness, director John Crowley elicits strong performances and conjures a realistic atmosphere. But the story is predictable.
There doesn't seem to be any real purpose to telling this story. It doesn't enlighten us on the tasks of growing up or of growing old.
It probably wouldn't work at all without [Caine]. He's so charismatic and so watchable that we can forgive the film's occasional lapses in logic and storytelling.
Is Anybody There? provides an insightful and sensitive look at the pain of isolation and the connections between people, no matter their ages.
The story's main elements are the stuff of broadbrush, bittersweet television drama.
Caine and Milner, who was so unaffectedly good in Son of Rambow, play beautifully together, and the movie is about Edward coming to terms with life and mortality.
It's clunky at times and predictable sentimental nonsense at heart, but the film gets there in an endearing way and is certainly entertaining.
Caine's magnificent curmudgeon doesn't have enough magic to dispel death, but he works miracles on a lost little boy, snapping him back to life with an impassioned, 'Make contact with the living, son!'
While this farcical dramedy is bemusing and beguiling, it's two-time Oscar-winner Michael Caine's graceful, subtly nuanced performance that lingers in the memory.
You'll either find [it] hilarious or excruciating.
The story flirts with sticky sentimentality but never quite falls into the trap, thanks to Caine's masterful presence.
A kid-meets-curmudgeon comedy that transcends its formulaic skeleton thanks both to the veteran actor's charm and a smarter-than-average screenplay.
For a movie about dying, Is Anybody There? is surprisingly sweet.
The tender rapport between this film's two leads, 76-year-old Michael Caine and 14-year-old Bill Milner, is reason enough to see this sweet-natured British indie that explores the not-very-sexy topics of death and ageing.
It's a film to respect or admire from a distance, rather than like or, you know, actually enjoy.
It's a tragic farce. There are moments of dramatic pudding when the anxieties and fears that Clarence and Edward share grind in opposite directions. But the magic is in the tiny, immaculate stitches.
This sweet-natured movie can nonetheless provide laughs and sharp insights, as well as a lump in the throat.
He could have been on to a real winner; as it is, it's charming, but slight, and you rather feel Son of Rambow got here first on the Thatcher-era coming-of-age front.
Is Anybody There? lets the thought that helpless infirmity is where we're all headed sink in gently. Unassumingly wise, its jagged edges stick with you.
Is Anybody There? conjures up a winning concoction of laughs, tears and '80s nostalgia. Above all, it showcases the breadth of British acting talent.
Whether by accident or design, Is Anybody There? shares its youthful lead and '80s setting with funny, inventive Son Of Rambow. It hasn't emerged from its shadow.
Thought-provoking and quietly impressive, it's not a big movie but it is big-hearted.
The sum of its gently amusing parts doesn't add up to a film likely to stay long in the heart - or multiplex.
Despite this being a small film with a small budget the cast, including a never better Michael Caine, give it their all and turn in superb performances.
It's amiable and inoffensive, and Caine gives one of his most charming performances as the curmudgeonly conjuror; but I fear that in cinemas this is going to perform an all too rapid disappearing act.
Witty, poignant and very touching, this is the British comedy of the year.
Slushy but with a great cast...
Only the amusing attention to Eighties detail, such as Morrissey's New Romantic mullet haircut, and an entertaining grumpy old man impression from Caine keep the film alive. But any laughs are drowned out by predictable melodrama.
Caine leads an impeccable cast in a story that is as touching as it is funny, turning the mundane minutiae of fading lives into a vibrant display.
It's good stuff from Caine, an actor who often pretends that his craft is a simple application of practiced technique.
Caine moves through the less-than-surprising story line, shaking things up not with an actorly flamboyance but with a heartbreaking sense of quiet tragedy and regret.
Is Anybody There? has so many good intentions and engaging moments it is hard to define why it doesn't quite add up.
An intelligently-written, smartly-handled study of laughter in the dark.
The film unfolds with such a fine balance of charm, humour and heartache that it is impossible to resist.
While life (and death) lessons are duly learned, this isn't quite the smother-me-with-a-saccharine pillow experience it promised to be.
Peter Harness's screenplay does not manage the desired subtlety and descends now and then into pawkiness and sentimentality - and Crowley's direction is never quite sophisticated enough either.
Is Anybody There? proves that talent, not age, will ultimately define successful acting careers.
Thanks to the superb turns from Michael and young Bill, plus a witty, well-observed script, this is a real slow burner of a film-incredibly moving but brightened by some top comic moments.
A modest, sentimentally sweet movie with a great cast powered by Caine and Milner's touching and believable performances.
Director John Crowley takes this whimsical film in some nice directions and gets plenty of value from his supporting cast of top senior talent.
These two lonely guys are clearly move-made for each other, but this film allows them to be more complicated and less cuddly than the usual feel-good comfort movie.
Caine is magnificent, and the film is worth a look for his contribution alone.
Despite all the rough edges and predictable touches, the film becomes quite moving in its final act.
You don't need a Ouija board to suss out where all this is heading, but Is Anybody There? counteracts its deficiencies -- predictability, sentimentality -- with a healthy dose of dark humor.
Unfortunately, nothing else in Is Anybody There? quite equals the main performances. There are nice moments throughout, but it meanders a bit. We learn a little about the other residents, but not enough to invest emotionally.
To answer the question put forth by the title of Is Anybody There?: Michael Caine is there, single-handedly lifting a soggy bit of coming-of-age whimsy into the category of the watchable.
Abracadabra, indeed.
I can't really recommend the film, unless you admire Caine as much as I do.
As a vehicle for Caine to do the crotchety old man routine...doesn't offer many new wrinkles to the mix.
Crowley is heading for a note of sympathy with this stuttering tale of universal heartache, but without needed substance and focus, there's nothing to emotionally devour.
Well made, sharply written and superbly acted drama that's both darkly funny and powerfully emotional.
Is Anybody There?, about an aging magician's friendship with a morose boy, requires us to repress any thoughts about stale material and keep Caine's heartfelt performance front and center.
This thoughtful, well-crafted, modest little film is a pleasing example of generational intersections and the wisdom that flows both directions.
A cookie cutter dramedy that beguiles and rankles.
It is Caine's seemingly effortless mastery, after a lifetime of acting, that is the real attraction here.
There are a lot of other sweet, tender moments in this film and it never felt maudlin in any way to me.
Caine is flawless here, giving audiences one of his finest performances to date.
Humorous and touching, the first great movie of 2009.
A finely drawn and gentle British drama propelled by another of the star's unforgettable screen portraits.
While Caine is highly watchable, Is Anybody There? limns all-too-familiar and schmaltzy territory for both coming-of-age films and movies with elderly actors.
Caine is still obviously capable of pulling a great performance out of a middling film.
A triumphant true gem of a film with Michael Caine giving one of the finest performances of his career.
What balances the movie is Mr. Caine's exceptional portrayal of old age as the accumulation of a lifetime's experience. In his performance the child, the youthful rogue and the forgetful codger all live at once.
It's a fairly lightweight distraction, but a good one.
Mostly ages us through its sloggy, spoon-fed narrative that has us, like its surrounding characters, just waiting for it all to be over.
At once predictable and implausible; so overplotted and overpopulated that the question isn't so much Is Anybody There? as "Why on earth are so many bodies here?"
[The actors are] so good it's almost possible to forgive the abundance of clichés and shake off the sense that the entire story's been manufactured to hit whimsical notes.
Blending humor and heartbreak in a performance that makes a small movie a richly satisfying one, Caine truly is magic.
A quirky coming-of-age drama that will draw you in with its spiritual undertow and delight.
The script is always shakier than the performers trying to bring it across, and by the third act, it lets them down completely.
Caine plays in multiple registers here and he melds them all - the curmudgeon, the mentor, the entertainer, the widower, the bewildered old man - into a moving portrait.
Caine and Milner play off each other nicely, but there's nothing about the story or characters that feels fresh or unexpected.
hackneyed drivel
Is Anybody There? works because of the chemistry between Caine and Milner ... Caine is fascinating to watch %u2013 at once snarky, impish and sad.
At the risk of sounding churlish, I have to admit the alleged charm of this comic misadventure eluded me totally.
Even Crowley, who seems to have a knack with overloaded material, can't quite bring the thing in for a safe landing in all the slush.
This is the sort of film you go to not much for its slight story but for a stunning performance from a veteran actor.
It's a testament to Michael Caine that Is Anybody There?, a squishy drama about the friendship between an unhappy young boy and a regretful old man, is even sporadically palatable.
A combination of playful humor and gentle emotions connecting unlikely generations. Even if returning to the planet from the afterlife as a born again badger, is the elixir of choice that may shake this self-hating senior out of his miserable funk.
Equal parts sweet and sour, "Is There Anybody There?" is a thoughtful little chamber piece with just the right amount of laugh-out-loud humor.
Alternating between the saturnine and the saccharin, Is Anybody There? brings sweetness and light to a depressing subject.
...it's impossible to understate the effectiveness of Caine's work here...



@highlight

Though Michael Caine gives an excellent performance, Is Anybody There? features a cliche-filled story that ultimately falters.