Low-key indie.
For all its concern with social and mental disintegration, Choking Man is a strangely tender film.
Despite efforts to impart a little tension and human interest, the tale is told with such discretion, it's almost anonymous.
There's a low-key New York drama lurking somewhere, but Barron can't seem to decide if he's making that or something more flashy.
There's enough charm and enterprise here to win over viewers who have the patience to stick by the tongue-tied Jorge. An intriguing change of direction for pop-video pioneer Barron, though next time he might like to cut loose that bit more.
The creepy and original power of the film is the schizophrenic other who taunts him when he finally crawls home to his maggoty bedsit. Weird.
Some US indie films are so torpid, so pointless and so incredibly whingey that you want to reach into the screen and slap the face of everyone involved. This film, by writer-director Steve Barron, is one such.
The film marries digicam naturalism to animated fantasy to oddsome but fascinating effect, rendering magical the inner world of the shy and almost muted Jorge. It's an unusual but valuable addition to the cinema of contemporary migration.
It's all a bit anonymous despite engaging performances, especially from Yuan as the sunny optimist, but the character of Jorge is so cripplingly introverted that there's nothing to latch on to.
Steve Barron's darkly melancholic, low-budget drama is worlds away from the blockbuster swagger of his earlier Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
They don't add up to much; and he's just too passive to make us care even slightly about whether he gets the girl or ends up taking a meat-cleaver to his rival.
After more than an hour in Jorge's relentlessly miserable company the voice in The Sneak's head was saying "leave now".
Modest, quirky, well acted by an unknown cast.
It's meant to be a portrait of a man "choked" by his own alienation, but Jorge's shyness comes over as dullness, and after all the sensitive maundering the conclusion is a terrible letdown.
It's not a bad effort at all - and certainly a whole class above Ninja Turtles.
Impressively directed drama with strong performances and a subtle script, though the tilt into magical realism doesn't quite work.
rises above the mundane with the inclusion of some gorgeous animated interludes and just a touch of Latin American-style magical realism.
Overburdened with disorienting stylistic devices and contrived plot elements that reduce the psychological depth to which it aspires.
In this case, what looks like an ambitious film-school project, complete with heavy-handed sincerity, experimental camera style, and an overplayed central metaphor, becomes gently lyrical and melancholy.
For all its enticing dramatic hooks, Choking Man has a fairly unrewarding conclusion.
Barron's direction is low-key but efficient.
The movie suffocates under the weight of too many wrong choices.
[Barron] has made Jorge so deeply withdrawn that you are unable to really feel anything for him other than a blind pity, which is decidedly not the stuff of compelling dramaturgy.
Choking Man mainly falters in its inability to reconcile the darker psychological elements of Jorge's mind and all that they portend.
Choking Man is harsh and intermittently affecting but oppressively contrived and mostly pointless.
The film looks so good it could play without sound.
... wants to take us into Jorge's mind, though a less interesting and pleasant place would be hard to imagine.
I can think of no earthly reason why this well-made and thoroughly charming New York indie drama from writer-director Steve Barron has been languishing in limbo for two years.
If there is finally a point to the film it is that we're all human piñatas and that putting sprinkles in your fish soup may not be tasty, but it makes one's upchuck look pretty. I think.
Barron executes all the hard stuff remarkably well: vivid ensemble thesping, evocative locales and even unforced Catholic symbolism. But his high-concept protagonist is so introverted he projects a void at the film's center.





@highlight

Quirky animated interludes fail to lift this dull US immigrant indie out of its introverted torpid state.