... for those who know and grew up with the original film, this Clash of the Titans leaves much to be desired. [Full review in Spanish]
Clash of the Titans in 3-D is an Olympus-size failure.
It comes together surprisingly well for a film that was supposedly rewritten a few times, resulting in changing the villain while cutting others' dialogue. It may not stand up to the original, but it's still a fun ride.
3D is but one of many problems plaguing Clash of the Titans.
The action sequences are chaotic, the plot is difficult to follow and the cheesy sets sometimes look like props from a theme-park ride.
One time in college I watched Robot Monster on TV with red/blue 3D glasses from 7-11 and that was better for my eyes.
I should have known better than to look forward to Clash of the Titans, a film that unironically employs the tagline 'Titans Will Clash'.
How could this have been so completely messed up? Little boys playing with action figures could've improvised a better story than this garbage.
Aside from the rage of being tricked into forking over extra cash for a third dimension that practically doesn't even exist, it isn't all that bad.
... a picture that mistakes furious action for excitement and ponderous performances for drama.
Sadly, the Kraken is far scarier in our imaginations. Just like the 1981 version is far better in our memories.
full review at Movies for the Masses
"Trash--er--Clash of the Titans" is visually mediocre and abysmally written...
Sometimes it's best to leave well enough alone, even if well enough is not perfect.
Clash of the Titans lives up to its promise of fast action and big visuals, but will not be seen as a VFX classic in the years to come.
Unlike the original, which made the 10-year-old version of myself want to don a bedsheet toga, fashion a shield from a garbage can lid, and behead evil gorgons, this version was kind of a snooze for both him and me.
This update's Achilles heel is its pervasive and dizzying, shot-too-tight camera technique.
It has no aspirations to be anything more than the popcorn movie it is, and for those amiably disposed to the genre, that should be enough.
The CGI extravaganza can't overcome all the other flaws: sloppy exposition, terrible dialogue, heavy-handed acting, and not a single likable character in the bunch.
Greek gods make lousy dads.
Par lucidnih trenutaka re%u017Eisera jedini su razlog zbog kojeg Sudar titana nije zaslu%u017Eio naslov najgoreg holivudskog remakea svih vremena
If [Worthington] ever showed some charisma, he'd be a movie god.
Call this theme-park ride Around the Ancient World in 80 Minutes. Creatures get ridiculously larger and deadlier as action-scenes advance to the next video-game level. Dull, grey, spiritless.
Where's the excitement, thrills and dizzying nonsense promised by its rockin' trailers?
Demi-God flick is demi-good
Agreeable cheese.
Una cinta capaz de entretener a chicos y grandes, pero que carece de sustancia y por tanto de fuerza, poder e innovación.
Every creature is so busy it looks like Pirates of the Caribbean 3... I don't care how big you made the Kraken, it looks stupid.
What this remake needs is some gratuitous nudity to distract audiences from the lousy special effects, a bit like in the, um, original movie . . .
Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes and Danny Huston play the three main Greek gods %u2013 Zeus, Hades and Poseidon. Neeson sort of ambles through his role while Fiennes attacks his like he is playing the lead in "Macbeth." Huston has little to do and is totally f
There are plenty of moments of fun and excitement, but the extent to which the film drags its heels in between, is ultimately its undoing.
An otherwise passable adventure film that almost survives its many problems with energetic action sequences, but is ultimately damaged by the gimmick of 3D.
A sexless, joyless remake of a trashy guilty pleasure.
Total garbage.
If you want to fondly remember the 1980s.If you want some cheesiness thrown in with some action.If you want to enjoy the adventure...Go to 'Hot Tub Time Machine' and not 'Clash of the Titans.'
In the genre of Saturday-afternoon popcorn-fantasy films, the new Clash isn't half bad.
A marginal improvement over its 1981 inspiration...
The kind of remake that I wish Hollywood would make more of: Take an old film that had great ideas but wasn't a great film, and get it right the second time.
The 3-D is underwhelming; the movie's not so bad.
The clashing titans in Clash of the Titans are a pretty sorry lot.
The film delivers exactly what you expect %u2014 well-done action pieces blended with jolts of camp that are so over-the-top, you half expect Mount Olympus to be made from one of Joan Crawford's shoulder pads.
This clash is more like a mild 'pressing together'.
A film that winds up being all bluff and bluster, impressing us on first viewing but wilting on reflection.
A fun piece of disposable nonsense.
Cheesier than the fondue at a Roman orgy.
Kept waiting for the kraken, and when it finally showed up, it was a big bore. Corny dialogue and lack of suspense make this a dull ride. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Visually, Titans makes 300 look like the painstaking work of a Renaissance master. ... But on a story level, it's got an old-fashioned dumbness that's endearing.
All in all, it is a pretty good adventure. The acting is adequate, but in these kinds of film it really isn't about the acting at all, is it?
Worthington proves what I suspected after Avatar: that he was only charismatic in Terminator Salvation because he was standing next to Christian Bale.
This would be a completely awful one-star disaster if not for some of the monsters - the Kraken is formidable enough, but Medusa is even better. She's almost worth the price of admission, but she deserves a better movie than this one.
Thank the Gods Gemma Arterton is very, very good looking.
Leterrier certainly shows a better sense of meaningful, economic narrative than the mess that Peter Jackson made of the interminable, incoherent Lord of the Rings trilogy.
2-D, 3-D, whatever it is still a mediocre remake of a mediocre original
This remake is bigger and grander but misses the life that Harryhausen brought to his fantastic creations...Instead, we get the same CGI-fest.
On a purely visual level, this standard-brand, CGI-gorged remake of the Ray Harryhausen fantasy adventure is worth watching, for the Medusa scene alone.
Violent, joyless, humorless and unmagical.
My fear had been that [the film] would be relentlessly, unforgivably bad, but it's only boring.
A poor remake with little 3D value.
Leading man Sam Worthington exacerbates the film's downbeat tone: as Perseus, Worthington remains a credible but basically charisma-free actor.
It plays like a videogame, only with less character development. There's no forward motion or any suspense. This movie wasn't directed so much as it was 'project managed'--a series of barely related CGI sequences with no urgency.
It's a little campy, a little creepy, a little too long and sometimes a bit of a mess. But it all adds up to a welcome dose of old-fashioned b-movie entertainment.
It doesn't add up at all.
'Regard yonder Medusa! She has the body of a snake and the breasts of a centerfold!'
To make up for the lack of dramatic oomph in the screenplay, director Louis Leterrier frequently pumps up the volume, particularly on Ramin Djawadi's score, which sounds like cobbled-together outtakes from The Amazing Race.
A competent but hardly rousing piece of effects-spectacle entertainment in which Sam Worthington exudes the yep-I'm-here charisma of a middleweight Steve Reeves stand-in. Terrible 3-D, too.
On July 10th, it will be released on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, and only then, I feel, will it truly come into its own.
It isn't a train wreck -- a train wreck would be memorable.
This really is all action and no adventure. There is not a moment where Perseus looks like he is astonished that these things are happening to him for the first time.
Three average action sequences aren't enough to save this film from the weak story and bad dialogue. At least 'release the kraken' is my favorite new euphemism.
The downfall of 3-D is going to be quicky, crummy CGI conversions like this clunker.
As an after-thought [director Louis] Leterrier and his producers decided to make the flick 3-D. But oops - they'd already shot like 90% in ordinary old 2-D.
two dimensions is more than satisfying presentation format if you're at all interested in Clash of the Titans' otherwise perfectly uninspiring, generic-blockbuster thrills.
relies far too heavily on sound and fury at the expense of virtually everything else
An unnecessary remake that's loud, chaotic and mildly entertaining
With three screenwriters telling the convoluted story, it is a case of too many cooks spoiling the broth. The Razzie Awards race for the worst movie of the year is now well under way with this early spring candidate.
Charmless, ugly and lackluster with a laughably bad script, it's no improvement on the original film and on its own merits is just unfortunate. I'm sure the video game tie-in will be more entertaining than this.
Coming across like a mythological hybrid of its official source material and Gladiator, the remake extracts the essence of the 1981 Clash of the Titans and updates it for the new millennium.
Inexplicably less godly and less epic than Percy Jackson and the Olympians, this new clash between titans mostly makes you want to go back and watch the original again.
'Clash of the Titans' emphasizes its incredible creatures instead of the human actors, and they are fantastic.
The filmmakers achieved something I wasn't expecting. They improved the visual effects without taking the silly action-oriented story too seriously.
Fans of the 1981 original won't find many improvements here.
If you go into it and you're expecting big, dumb, loud, empty, pointless--then that's fine. Because that's what the film is.
Your enjoyment of Clash of the Titans is aided by remembering the original was one big ol' hunk of cheese, too.
I found myself waiting for the effects sequences. When these money shots are on screen, the film is awesome... However, the walk-and-talk scenes are not the strong point.
Imagine downing a cold 12-pack in two hours and then trying to walk home. That's exactly what [the 3D action scenes in Clash of the Titans] feel like.
As 3-D always does, the movie looks dark and dingy --not polished and expensive, as the 2-D version probably was.
Goofball clash with the actors providing plenty of ham to go with the cheesy story.
My suggestion after the fact would have been to re-release 1981's 'Clash of the Titans,' reprocessed in 3D, and forget about any remake. Forget this remake, for sure.
Even with the souped-up special effects, I still prefer the original.
A spirit of fun and adventure almost breaks through. Call it a near myth.
Disappointment of the week is this expensive but ponderous remake of the 1981 epic, which wasn't much good either.
Plot and characters play second fiddle to set pieces but this is a popcorn action movie and it does that very well indeed.
Big sets, wall-to-wall mayhem and hi-tech pixelry only go so far in a movie sure to leave anyone with fond memories of the original feeling shortchanged.
Director Louis Leterrier uses digital technology to create enough battles and monsters to capture the attention of any jaded blockbuster fan.
On an action movie/creature feature level, it delivers satisfactorily. On a plot/characterization level, it's a complete bore.
It's exceptionally silly and it takes itself too seriously, but ultimately Titans is a stirring adventure full of derring-do and beefy men in too-short tunics.
Louis Letterrier's romp is at its best during its breakneck second half, when the 3D effects distract from the 2D protagonists and the risible dialogue is drowned out by the clash of steel and the gnash of pincers.
Noisy, manic and not much fun at all.
Forget the kraken, how 'bout releasing a plot?
It's left to the gigantic Kraken to re-inject some interest during the closing stages of this major disappointment.
Solid supporting performances from Liam Neeson as Zeus, Ralph Fiennes as Hades, and Mads Mikkelsen as Draco, add significant gravitas to the film's churning momentum.
Dull, tedious, poorly paced, anti-climactic and, worst of all, one of the most boring and underwhelming blockbusters in recent memory.
There's little here to improve upon the stilted quality of the original, and it's even more cumbersomely plotted.
A good film should inspire strong emotions in its audience. Those emotions should not, however, be a progression from boredom to impatience to active resentment
The myths it presumes to reinvent serve only as empty grist for its effects houses, mangled by storytelling incompetence past the point of recognition.
...a mish mash of mythology whose enhancement with shoddy 3D (this was outsourced to an Indian production company and the filmmakers should ask for their money back) is near sinful in its poor quality.
It may be Hollywood's new religion, but 3D can't compensate for a film's flaws, no matter how many movie gods are on your side.
Even spectacle becomes boring when there's nothing behind it.
A few more fake 3D films like this could kill the public's enthusiasm for 'dimensional' pictures as surely as 'Avatar' stoked renewed interest in the process.
There's not a lot of humor in this new Clash -- not intentional, anyway.
Apparently the gods need better agents.
It doesn't soar (though Pegasus the winged horse is captivating).
The 3-D needlessly overstuffs an already spectacle-heavy guilty pleasure, making the action not just bloated but downright confusing.
The movie seems less like a remake than a mash-up of better films.
Despite its many laughable moments, the box-office gods may not be amused.
The new Clash of the Titans may be bigger and louder than the 1981 original, but it isn't that much better.
An underwhelming blend of mythology and action drama.
The battles look great with computer renderings, but outside the Kraken sequence they don't inspire an ounce of awe. The gods have never looked more real, or mattered less
The dollar-store version of 'Avatar.'
The death knell of Greek mythology. Bury the Kraken.
As it turns out, this Clash of the Titans was dated before it opened.
More boring than aggressively bad and proves that all the mythology and fancy CGI in the world can't disguise a lack of movie fundamentals like plot and character.
hardly a divine experience and should be thrown in bad movie purgatory.
The remake out this weekend largely does away with the stately Titans stuff, in favor of more clashing.
The Clash of the Titans remake is the most embarrassing black eye for Greeks since the short-lived McGyro.
The only way that this stupid, ugly mess of a movie could be considered 3-D would be if the third dimension were dirty hair.
Appreciable only for its extravagance, perhaps its best to leave Zeus, Perseus, and Medusa back in the '80s, where this odd struggle between humans and gods was treated with a more effortless tone of enchantment.
Does a pretty good job. That sounds like a halfhearted recommendation, (but) "Clash" is a halfhearted adventure.
A mildly diverting but ultimately unlovable action spectacle
Well, at least I know what setting $70 million ablaze looks like in 3D.
The latest example of Hollywood's belief that any terrible script can be made palatable if you just throw enough money and British accents at it.
A roaring old-school action adventure for kids, with as many mythical beasts as a year at Hogwarts and a healthy dose of smiting without the crazed bloodlust of 300.
I liked it. This is a full-throttle action-adventure, played unapologetically straight.
Clash of the Titans, which was directed by Louis Letterier, is strictly no-D.
While there's much that can be mocked here, the new battles are just as fun in their own way-the scorpions in particular are awesome.
For what it is, it's a good time at the movies.
Poorly written nonsense, but lovers of beefcake action will be happy enough with the heroes gymnastically vaulting monsters and slicing and dicing their way around the ancient world. An extra star for Ralph Fiennes, who is a god.
There was immeasurably more life, dynamism and energy in Harryhausen's marionettes than in these seemingly flawless avatars. They never come alive in a way that the first film's creatures unquestionably did.
"Clash of the Titans" skirts being boring because of its effects, but it cannot rise above being mundane and formulaic.
Here comes director Louis Leterrier and his team of mercenary screenwriters to make sure a dated, lumbering mytho-fantastical clunker from 1981 gets a bland, moronic, computer-enhanced warming over.
If you're into Greek mythos, or action, or slightly cheesy (but knowing) humor, then this should prove an adequate source of entertainment.
As if society weren't self-centered enough, along comes a movie whose moral appears to be "Be your own god." Swell.
Absolutely awful in absolutely the most boring way possible
Even the kraken proves anticlimactic -- and brother, if you can't stick the landing when your movie has a damn kraken in it, then you shouldn't be making movies.
There's plenty of money on the screen, but no energy or conviction; no sense that the movie believes any of this matters.
If you've seen the trailers, you know exactly what to expect: 110 minutes of action and CG creatures. That's it, but sometimes that's enough.
Like watching Karl Pilkington's recollection of the Greek mythology he learned while seeing 1981's Clash.
There's nothing wrong with the new Clash of the Titans that wasn't wrong with the first one. It's a loud, fun, colorful adventure flick. (Avoid the 3-D version!)
Leterrier and company come from the school of more is more, and while some sequences do pack an admitted wallop (I sort of loved the fight against the scorpions) the majority didn't do a darn thing for me.
Clash of the Titans: Liam Neeson sounds/cool saying, "Release the Kraken."/Harryhausen weeps
A remake of a bad film cherished by the children of the '80s ("Hot Tub Greek Mythology Time Machine"?), this new "Clash" is a big, fat, boring, fake 3-D slog.
Fiennes and, as Argos' senior solider, Mads Mikkelson, afford some juicy fun, but Worthington projects the charisma of the young Russell Crowe's lighting double.
Only Fiennes, who perhaps has too many villains to his name now, finds something interesting to stud his work with.
The CG special effects are dated the moment they appear on screen ...
This idiotic "event movie" pretty much sums up everything that's wrong with Hollywood right now. It's big, it's loud, and it's filled with meaningless action...and it also feels like not one single person involved with the production could give two hoots.
feels like a throwback to the days when high concepts and splashy special effects ruled the day
At the moment when Sam Worthington, trapped inside a giant scorpion, sword-hacked his way through the dorsal carapace and poked the upper half of his body through the opening as if it were a sunroof, I fell in love with Clash of the Titans.
When the action scenes are unleashed, they're easily the most captivating component of the movie. They look and feel fantastic, and they involve abominations with more backstory and personality than any of the humans.
Avatar has taken a lot of heat for being weak on story and overly reliant on visual effects, but compared with this witless, chaotic mess of a movie, James Cameron's epic looks worthy of the ancient Greek authors...
As with the original, it's often embarrassing to watch prestigious actors suffering through this material, and the younger actors fail to register much at all.
It's not as if "Clash of the Titans" is some popcorn masterpiece undone by the 3-D manipulations of its parent studio; the clunky script and blockbuster-in-a-box cluttered construction of it are probably just as lifeless in two dimensions.
If even half as much effort had gone into character development and plotting as went into character and creature designs, they might have had something worthwhile.
Those of us who grew up on special effects creator Ray Harryhaussen's movies didn't love them for their photo-realism, and we sure didn't mind a little cheese.
The film not only amplifies all of the flaws of the original but even screws up the things that it actually got right the first time around.
A kitschy creature-feature that's not as bad as its nonsensical trailer makes it look ... Seeing it in 2-D will save you a few bucks.
If you must see Clash of the Titans, be sure to see it in glorious 2-D.
Although purists will always prefer the original picture, this remake really does justify its existence. How often can you say that?
The film is a sham, with good actors going for the paycheck and using beards and heavy makeup to hide their shame.
The 3-D technology tacked onto Clash of the Titans is like the coins put on the eyes of the dead for Charon, the Stygian ferryman. It's bribery to accept a lifeless lump.
A slick and empty spectacle much of the time, this Clash has a particularly tough time establishing bonds between characters who are supposed to mean everything to each other.
Can a movie be not so great for 95 minutes and then suddenly become worthwhile in the last 15? I'm here to tell you it can.
Those whom the gods wish to punish, they force to watch this movie.
Well, thank the gods for small miracles. The big-budget remake of Clash of the Titans is a pleasant surprise that's every bit as good as the cult classic from 1981.
A last-minute, gimmicky, careless money grab.
French director Louis Leterrier loves this world. But Clash of the Titans feels like he fought -- and lost -- his own battle for control.
This Clash of the Titans isn't bad. It's just not particularly necessary.
It's one supremely silly movie, but it's also a Razzies-ready hoot.
Leterrier aims no higher than competence and achieves just that, shepherding a series of slick, CGI creations across the screen to the accompaniment of an organ-rattling sound design.
Seeing Clash of the Titans 2010 is a great way to get primed for a big summer of popcorn flicks full of fun and adventure. Don't take it too seriously, and you're sure to have a good time with the Gods.
Overall, it's a colossal waste of time.
Sam Worthington is proof that there is a devil. It's the only explanation for his inexplicable meteoric rise. At some point this movie turns the corner and becomes Campy Good Fun.
The whole thing feels like a joyless slog.
Seeing this film in 3D is like throwing your money in the trash. The flick is anti-climactic and the leading perfomance from Worthington was not heroic in the least.
This remake is interesting mainly for the chance to see top-flight acting talent labor over dialogue so leaden you could cast bullets from it.
There is absolutely nothing new about Clash of the Titans, but one can not deny the pleasures of familiarity in popcorn cinema. What's the first thing you say after riding an awesome roller coaster? Again!
Benefits from the forceful presence of Sam Worthington (Avatar) in the key role and is full of high flying action, nifty monsters, valiant heroes, plotting villains and impressive CGI.
This was an epic made for Sam of Worthington, and Ralph of Fiennes, and Liam of Pay Me Now. And it would be full of tricks made by machine, and talk made by fools, and pictures of three dimensions that seemed merely like the View-Masters of old.
Let's hope that the computer-game version of the film has more get-up-and-go than this dull affair.
Somehow, a promising popcorn movie got abducted by the God of Boredom.
Release the Kraken on this monstrous bore of a remake.
Whatever the flaws in the script, there's no faulting director Louis Leterrier's visual ambition: this is a film of mighty vistas, beautifully designed beasts and intense, well-structured combat sequences...
This movie is actually worse than the post-production 3D, which is enough to give 3D a bad name.
This Clash provides frequent occasion for awe.
The first Clash Of The Titans had considerably more charm than this. Money can buy you technology but it can't buy you magic.
If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the best bits, and if you've seen Cloverfield, you've seen the Kraken.
What director Louis Leterrier serves up is a simple quest movie enlivened by some respectable if rarely spectacular special effects.
Be warned -- you'd be better off picking up a blindfold and ear plugs when entering the cinema than a pair of specs.
I got a bit bored in the middle, then was swung back into the action by the flying horses.
More properly, 'Crash of the Bores'...dark, grim and (apart from some juvenile macho banter) overly serious, a plodding, chaotic affair more likely to induce headache than a feeling of exhilaration.
They didn't waste alot of toner on the script.
A few admirable elements are lost amidst a cacophony of digital set pieces, horrendous scripting, and a grim self-serious tone that's more laborious than engrossing
Watching the movie is like sitting at a giant conveyor-belt sushi bar as each marvel presents or re-presents itself for salivation.
The whole thing is done with such earnest old-time Saturdary afternoon conviction that I thoroughly enjoyed it...
At the end of this 200 B.C. day, the 3D missteps aside, Clash is 'Krakening' good fun. Swordplay, wild creatures, valiant men and a scaly tsunami with major 'tude ... ye gods and big fishes, enjoy.
A constant stream of computer animation that flies at you so quickly and heavy-handedly that you'll eventually tune it out, intentionally or otherwise.
It's loud, brash, brutal stuff on a scale hitherto unseen onscreen...
It takes pains to squeeze a little character into the action, and, from the opening harpie attack, through giant scorpions, a wonderfully sinuous Medusa and the final face-off with the Kraken, there is a barrage of spectacle.
The 1981 version certainly isn't high art, but has fun, which is more than can be said for this humorless, dull retelling.
A very serious movie about magical gods and giant scorpions.
An unnecessary 3D upgrade and choppy script make Louis Leterrier's update of the 1981 camp classic an Olympian missed opportunity.
You're not here for sharp dialogue or character development and you don't get it. But who's complaining?
I don't say it's good cinema, although I recognize the craftsmanship that went into it. I don't say it's good acting, when the men have so much facial hair they all look like Liam Neeson. I like the energy, the imagination, the silliness.
Do yourself a favour and avoid the 3D. Do yourself a bigger favour and avoid the film entirely
The new Clash isn't a cynical rehash. It has the flavor of a certain pre-CGI innocence.
There are a number of cheeky winks from the filmmakers specifically aimed at Harryhausen fans; in the end, though, Leterrier's Clash of the Titans is nearly as messy an assemblage of mythic odds and ends as the original.
Not enough Bubo!
Parental Content Review
Neeson and Fiennes are so serious here you would have thought they were auditioning for a "Schindler's List" sequel.
Truly undone by the dramatic void at its center.
About as rousing as a wheelchair race between two half-comatose octogenarians.
Leterrier's version is loud, busy and intense, and it's still saddled with bad dialogue, dopey-looking sets and costumes and a lead performance that's completely flat.
Clash of the Titans is a decent enough remake of the original %u2013 but do yourself a favor: Save your hard-earned money and skip the awful 3D version.
Give it a break for the sake of a cast that imparts more than comic strip cardboard and you may well find entertainment in this romp with mythical immortality.
Worthington makes a rather wooden Perseus but the rest of the cast are terrific, particularly Arterton, Mikkelsen, Neeson and Fiennes, who really Voldemorts it up as Hades. Great Kraken, too.
If Avatar was the game-changer, as James Cameron claimed, then Clash Of The Titans, rushed through post in four months to exploit the 3D craze, has the potential to be the game-ender.
Clash of the Titans is ancient Greece at its cheesiest.
"While a quasi-fun ride, this remake never quite pushes itself -- it feels more like reheated leftovers (with some extra cheese thrown on top) than something freshly cooked."
Clash of the Titans isn't art, but it's a specialized craft that turns men into boys and film critics into optimistic -- OK, slightly less cynical -- popcorn consumers for the briefest of moments.
Clash of the Titans is a flawed but mildly entertaining regurgitation of Greek mythological elements, but it's also an example of how poorly executed 3D can hamstring a would-be spectacle.
A thoroughly entertaining and fun adventure that delivers exactly what is expected from a movie called 'Clash of the Titans,' nothing more or less.
Big and flat, noisy and silly, Leterrier's version is hampered by an arbitrary narrative and preposterous dialogue; even great actors like Neeson and Fiennes and 3D (rather poor) don't help.
It takes a lot of movie magic to reduce some 3000 years of mythology to piffle. After watching this farrago produced by state-of-the-art 3-D and CGI, I'm all for the return of the oral tradition.
So tone deaf to the material is Leterrier that the spirit of the remake owes more to Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen than a sword-and-sandal film. Bigger, louder, more expensive? All that, for sure. But better? Not by a long shot.
There's not much here that will stick with you after the popcorn's gone. But as any ancient Greek could tell you, that's sort of the point.
Visual might meets narrative meagerness. The film boasts a wealth of treats for the eye but doesn't add up to a rollicking adventure.
Aside from further output from Lady Gaga, I can't think of much that's more unnecessary than a remake of Clash of the Titans, at least until they remake Godzilla.
...the likes of Liam Neeson and Ralph Fiennes (and the other veterans) end up looking foolish or farcical, thanks to the direction
Teenage boys will love it, but the rest of us will be frustrated by the storytelling, the shaky camerawork and the dubiously effective 3D presentation, which distracts more than it offers
Though it faithfully follows the original's plotline, Leterrier's slick entertainment is anything but a throwback--just a concession to the Jerry Bruckheimer school of fast, cheap, and out-of-control visual effects.
It's as if Medusa herself were behind the camera, turning everything on screen into stone.
A fun digital ride through Greek mythology as humans clash with gods and monsters.
Even more haphazardly plotted than the original, Clash of the Titans boasts 3D imagery and kinetic action that can't obscure a movie that is, finally, pretty flat.


@highlight

An obviously affectionate remake of the 1981 original, Louis Leterrier's Clash of the Titans doesn't offer enough visual thrills to offset the deficiencies of its script.