A Japanese story famous for its illustrations now comes to the big screen with a touch of mystery and a lot of action for kids and adults. [Full review in Spanish]
He may be a reconstituted robot, but this little cyber-kid's got some real heart.
A charming and entertaining animated science fiction adventure that doesn't club us over the head with sensory overload...
There is quite a bit of solid craft at work in Astro Boy ... but it feels rushed, ill-prepared and derivative. And that's because it is rushed, ill-prepared and derivative.
He's a cross between Superman and Pinocchio, but carrying a whole movie on his back in the absence of serious graphic invention proves too big a task.
A suitably fun and entertaining hero for a new generation.
Like its supersonic, jets-in-his-feet hero, the movie itself feels totally robotic.
While Astro Boy might not exude the kind of originality we're used to seeing in Pixar films, it makes up for it with plenty of humor and charm.
Astro Boy is a fun sci-fi adventure that will resonate with older fans and win younger viewers.
This charming, futuristic family flick has enough firepower to overcome an awkward premise and Nicolas Cage's general creepiness.
This update of a classic animated character lands with a thud.
The animation bar has been raised, and not just by Pixar. Poor little Astro Boy hasn't a prayer of clearing it.
You need good villains in a movie. And if they're named "Ham Egg" then all the better.
By nudging the picture into primary colors, Astro Boy loses a shot at an intriguing personality. A little sustained darkness never hurt anyone.
Astro Boy is one film unlikely to be given the sequels its good name previously deserved.
It's all presented with a lack of real emotion and in a hail of noise and explosions.
Vean Astro Boy si se ven obligados por sus pequeños, seguro que ellos la disfrutarán y usted no sentirá que le robaron en la taquilla.
Bowers's play-it-straight attitude towards the material combined with the crisp, if unspectacular, animation doesn't allow 'Astro Boy' a moment to bob its head above the ever-swelling digimation pack.
What makes this peppy kids' film interesting is the human/robot apartheid system that has evolved in the futuristic world that Astro inhabits.
It is a bold and even poignant idea and the movie certainly zips along. It's not in the Wall-E league, but it's well made and inventive.
Astro Boy grinds through its narrative gears predictably.
A little charmless and not particularly funny. The recycling message is also woefully heavy-handed.
While a fuel cell or two short of animation's final frontier, Astro Boy capably fills the space between Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius and Wall.E.
Fun, colourful and full of action, David Bowers' 'toon will have little trouble diverting those of a similar age to its perky, wide-eyed protagonist.
The film presents some fairly adult themes in an understandable way, and it's also less cheesy and sentimental than a lot of animated fare. But it still packs in some exciting action sequences and impressive comic relief.
The film is fast, colourful and weird enough not to be dull. But that still doesn't mean it is good.
Welded together with parts from similar but superior fare such as WALL-E, Iron Giant and The Jetsons, the much-loved Animé character flies into cinemas for a toon that should just about keep the kids amused.
The visuals impress, the script does not and, bar one great chase sequence rammed full of visual gags, fails to make the most of its setting.
Sci-fi digimation, whirling round the screen like the furniture in a drunkard's bedroom, whisks up the characters in its tornado.
It's hardly groundbreaking, and some of the voicework is bland, but it doesn't drag.
video Film Review ASTRO BOY REVIEW AND BEHIND THE SCENES VIDEO Friday February 5 2010 by Allan Hunter Comment Speech Bubble Have your say(0) ASTRO BOY feels like a space-age version of Pinocchio as a boffin, grieving for his dead son, creates a robotic
The sci-fi cityscapes are gleaming, the action energetic and entertaining.
David Bowers's film looks good and tries for a bit of adult interest by suggesting there might be another way other than arrant capitalism. It's not much less sophisticated than Avatar but hasn't the eye-catching novelty.
Most of the side characters feel badly underwritten, although the gifted cast makes the most of them.
Astro Boy is no awards contender.
Although boasting some nifty set pieces despite its lacklustre and cheap-looking computer-generated animation - can't touch the brilliance and storytelling skills of the films that Disney/Pixar and Dreamworks are turning out these days.
Aside from a few neat flourishes, this is attention-sapping stuff, lacking texture in both its visuals and vocal performances.
Even in CG-animated form, Nicolas Cage has ridiculous hair.
There's plenty of exciting action to keep little ones amused and enough clever and funny touches to make sure adults aren't bored either.
It's ironic that Astro Boy's story is rooted in the concept of uniqueness and invention, as director David Bowers (Flushed Away) has failed to come up with a single original idea in his telling of it.
David Bowers' stunning CG landscapes... resonate with a chaotic bunch of half-realised ideas left floating in mid-air like Metro City itself. Yet for all the deficit of grounded substance... there is never a dull moment.
Enjoyable, well made animated adventure with likeable characters, a strong script and some decent set-pieces as well as a nice line in satire and some quietly subversive gags.
"Often funny, enjoyable and surprisingly thoughtful."
Astro Boy may have many of the same parts as the source material, but as Dr. Tenma learns, trying to replicate something doesn't mean you end up with the same original.
Pode não ser tecnicamente perfeito, mas acerta no mais importante: cria e desenvolve um personagem carismático, complexo e tocante. E que, portanto, merece sua própria franquia nos cinemas.
A feature-length adaptation of the classic Japanese manga, Astro Boy now comes equipped with a recycling message, both in its story and with its screenplay.
Astro Boy tries to update the 1952 manga series of the same name with some eye-catching CGI-animation as well as bringing it more in line with Western sensibilities . . .
It has a lot of heart and a lot of action.
Director David Bowers supplies just enough heart and more than enough humor to make "Astro Boy" an agreeable entertainment.
This is a movie that goes nowhere and offers up little in the way of originality, and while the majority of it is technically well presented the boredom I felt while watching it was almost enough to put me to sleep.
Just dub this one Where the Mild Things Are.
More than anything, Astro Boy is simply fun to watch.
It looks good, but if this Astro Boy is going to launch a new series, one can only hope the writing the next time out is not as, well... robotic.
Not the greatest animated action film but much better than "Speed Racer"
I just felt like this was a mistranslation -- almost trying to combine the slightly sinister, cold world of Japanese anime with the warm, sentimental, fuzzy, bouncy world of Hollywood kid animation.
Astro Boy stands on its own as a nifty piece of animated fun, full of good lessons, brisk pacing and humour and sweetness the original anime sometimes lacked. It does Osamu Tezuka's source creation proud.
I have just one complaint. It should have been 3-D. A solid, kid-friendly story with a floating city filled with high-tech gizmos and gadgets deserves the extra dimension.
Here's a movie with an origin that's almost more interesting than that of its 'Astro Boy' hero
I don't know how parents are going to feel about taking their kids to see Astro Boy, but I kind of respect where it goes.
a big selling point for my kids to see this movie was the line, 'I have machine guns... in my butt?' Viewer, be warned.
David Bowers' retro-cool update on the titular icon looks so great, it may take a while to notice it's a clunky political parable wrapped in a tonally confused fairy tale.
There's very little that the filmmakers haven't borrowed here, making Astro Boy feel as copied as its title character.
Full of complex emotion and crackling adventure, Astro Boy hits the big screen after 58 years in comics and TV.
Awesome. Truly.
One of the most pleasant surprises I've had at the movies all year.
A visually stunning sci-fi movie that occasionally drags and could have used more imagination as well as some exploration of its provocative themes, but nonetheless manages to be a mostly thrilling adventure.
Astro Boy definitely sets himself up for a sequel, and the overall scenario is ripe to explore many current issues. But let's hope the creators trade in the well-used parts for some fresh material.
Astro Boy is a blast, a jolt of Japanese anime channeled through British slap-shtick that ends up yet another cool cartoon for both kids and adults.
It may creep some people out -- parents more than children, no doubt.
Parents, don't nap while the kids watch.
The CGI animation is crisp and colorful, the characters have some complexity and there is clever enough writing to keep the parents amused while the kids have fun.
What Astro Boy has in spades are energy, good humor, and the demolition-derby action of a superhero smash-up, reasons enough to recommend it to grade-school boys.
Osamu Tezuka's groundbreaking 60s anime series gets a stylish CGI update in this sci-fi animation.
Astro Boy ultimately fizzles when it should be flying.
Action-packed adventure a fun bet for young superhero fans.
It's a totally serviceable reboot for young people who are just discovering the joys of manga, but I can't help but miss the raw animation and even rawer emotional aesthetics of Tezuka's original televised anime series.
Like a lot of movies, Astro Boy has been designed to function on different levels and serve different audiences, but in this case these multiple meanings and points of address have created a confusion of tone.
Tenma wisely powers the boy's heart with positive energy, something that spreads to the movie as well.
... the familiarity gives it the elemental power of a fairy tale.
Astro Boy provides all of the elements needed to create a super hero movie, but it lacks soul.
Parental Content Review
While the film retains some of the DNA of the original TV series, it bears more similarity to such recent fare as Wall-E and Transformers.
This computer-animated adaptation of the 1950s-created future boy from Osamu Tezuka, the godfather of Japanese manga, is actually a sweet and endearing movie.
It's not every kids movie that features the death --nay, vaporization! -- of its protagonist in the first reel, but Astro Boy somehow manages this trick without resulting in massive amounts of juvenile emotional trauma.
The animation style is supple and assured. And if the audience includes any precocious kids like Toby, they'll be diverted by references to Isaac Asimov and Immanuel Kant.
Lacklustre design and rudimentary storytelling sink Astro Boy below the level of the recent hits of Pixar and DreamWorks.
For at least half of its length, it's an Astro Bore.
The icon's first big screen appearance is sure to be a let down for his long-time fans, too light for their sophisticated tastes and too dark for the simpler appetites of their children.
Tthis CG-animated adaptation of the Japanese comic classic feels derivative but moderately entertaining, particularly in some of the highflying visuals.
Hollywood's attempts to do the anime style never seem to get it ... That Astro Boy gets at least some of the elements right could be seen as some kind of triumph -- just not enough of one to induce us to recommend it.
Strictly for small fry.
The fun and merriment take a backseat to the sci-fi elements, which are probably not what the intended audience is looking for.
Any critic who complained about the lack of story in "Where the Wild Things Are" should be forced to watch the escapades and high jinks of "Astro Boy" on a loop until they realize that activity is not to be confused with actual storytelling.
While the animation is excellent, Astro Boy is too intense for younger kids, too corny for teens and annoyingly political overall.
Summit Entertainment has tried just a little too hard to broaden the appeal of its new computer-animated feature Astro Boy.
If you think it's a good idea to begin a movie for children by killing off a young boy in an industrial accident as his father looks on, raise your hand. Anyone?
The cheap '60s Japanese TV cartoon series... is updated into a cheap and sometimes unsettling computer-animated adventure.
I wish the film version of Astro Boy provided a stronger antidote to mediocrity....the script takes its sweet time establishing its rules and locale, then rolls in one too many subplots.
Although Astro Boy has its moments, in a movie year already crowded with animated successes, it may not have the superhuman strength to stand out.
It's harsh, but it's sweetened by Toby -- he's not a real boy, but he's a classic hero.
A morbidly insensitive insult.
This animated adaptation of the Japanese comics characters and concepts appears to have been cobbled together from parts of other, better movies.
Astro Boy alternately soars and sputters through a story line that's not quite sure who it's aimed at.
fails to satisfy on any emotional or intellectual level.
The movie never soars like Astro Boy, but it does rise above the lack of promise that prevails in the early scenes, which is a tough thing for any movie to do.
A muddled film full of one-dimensional characters and insultingly strident politics.
It's creepy, and it's weird, and it's something like a mecha minstrel show, particularly in how the film pretends to a 'robots are people too' theme yet fails itself to treat them as such.
Astro Boy succeeds at creating a complex world filled with second-class robots and sometimes careless, greedy humans, providing food for thought and animated thrills for adults and kids alike.
dourly imagined tale whose only real value is in explaining the secret behind that pointy hairdo sported by our hero for all these years
Decked out in snazzy computer-generated animation, but comes across as more rote than exhilarating.
The humans, none of whom have strong enough personalities to engage, look enough like people but Toby looks like a shrunken version of the Big Boy mascot.
Serious Tezuka fans will likely appreciate the sharp multi-dimensional presentation, even as they resent Osamu's being pimped out for Obama.
Astro Boy is better than most of its recent competitors, such as Monsters vs. Aliens and Kung Fu Panda.
A futuristic take on "Pinocchio"... a competently-made animated adventure that probably will wow kids more than it will keep adults entertained for more than a few minutes.
Cobbled together from trusty old parts, Astro Boy manages to stand on its own feet.
It's pretty forgettable.
Astro Boy is a marvelously designed piece of cartoon kinetics, with the pleasing soft colors and rounded-metal tactility of an atomic-age daydream.
In its best moments, the film exudes an almost Miyazakian love of flight, notably during the hero's maiden soar through the clouds.
The feature-length film, modelled on Pixar films, merges the best of western and eastern animation styles. result is an entertaining film that should satisfy both adults and children.
This slapdash animated adventure is a middling diversion at best.
Almost 60 years after his comic-book inception, the iconic Japanese robot Astro Boy finally makes his cinematic debut in a feature that, unfortunately, feels as if it has been assembled from spare parts.
It strays too far from the original to please hard-core fans and it is so confused in tone and purpose that it is hard to tell where it's aimed.
Astro Boy should please new-generation fans as thoroughly as nostalgia-hungry adults who grew up with the cartoons of the 1960s and 1980s.
A well-oiled CG-animated superhero pic that makes up in competence and vitality what it lacks in originality.
Derivative bits aside, the pint-sized Japanese icon takes flight in vibrant CG animation -- no 3D glasses required.
What transpires is a tolerable knock-off of the boom-boom bits from The Incredibles, along with some so-so slapstick filler.
Diehard fans should be warned that the movie will not deliver the nostalgic hit they are hoping for. This is not necessarily such a bad thing. At least a new generation is being exposed to Astro Boy.
Like a pig-iron fisted metaphor, Astro Boy the film resembles the robot, in that it is cobbled together out of parts we recognise. And as much as they don't sound like they could all work in one film, they don't.
An exciting action-packed story with a host of fantastic voice actors, this is a contender for best animated movie of the year.
If all of this sounds a bit heavy, even dark and scary, indeed some of it is. But it's also very funny, action packed and pithy.
A smart, snappy upgrade doesn't tarnish memories of a childhood favourite.
The symbolism and the underlying themes within this story may not be relevant to its core audience, but it's interesting to see how filmmakers feed off those elements
It may be the gleaming blue core power source that allows Astro Boy to function as a superhero robot, but it is the massive heart of the story that makes this updated animated spectacular a sure-fire winner



@highlight

While it isn't terribly original, and it seems to have a political agenda that may rankle some viewers, Astro Boy boasts enough visual thrills to please its target demographic.