[A] handsome, slow-burning thriller ...
It won't be for everyone - the pacing is glacial at times - but At Any Price certainly deserves attention.
A glum, heavy-handed state-of-the-nation drama ...
It's an honest, grown-up, slightly earnest slice of rolled-sleeves Americana - something like the cinematic equivalent of a Steve Earle album.
Directed by Ramin Bahrani, Quaid gives a fine performance, but the drama reflects the flatness of the land it features.
This engaging, low-key drama is a film about family, business and success.
"At Any Price" is so driven by its plot that it fails to connect its characters with moviegoers in any meaningful way.
After fearlessly diving into a character that's self-centered, wretched, and downright degrading, Quaid outdoes most of his earlier works of cinema.
Tough, engaging, and brutally honest, At Any Price is one of those quiet gems you hope others will have the opportunity to discover for themselves.
At Any Price has an interesting story at its core, but it's bogged down by undeveloped characters and sideplots, as well as a poorly-written third act.
...feels like a great American tragedy, like East of Eden or Death of a Salesman. There's ... a fidelity to the way things actually work themselves out in the real world, in compromise and half-measures and moral doubt.
Bahrani is striving for something epic and tragic - Shakespeare among the soybeans - but too often the film settles for merely melodramatic.
Though Bahrani may be moving toward the mainstream here, he remains an empathetic, nuanced chronicler of the American working class.
At Any Price isn't so much about race cars or corn as it is about what price we're willing to pay to protect what we love, and to keep our hopes and dreams alive. As such it's a fitting parable for our times.
As is implicit in the title, the destructiveness of competition is a rippling concern in Bahrani and co-writer Hallie Elizabeth Newton's unpredictably expansive script.
At its heart, the film is a small-scale story about two men learning how to fix their mistakes -- or, if that isn't possible, to live with them.
A thought-provoking and original drama that takes an intriguing look at the competitive nature of the agricultural industry.
The disappointment and malaise of a modern farmer's life comes through, but almost as an afterthought. As Bahrani makes clear, it's worth a more focused film.
Dennis Quaid gives a deep performance of a shallow farmer who's obsessed with success. But the script for this unfocused, distraction-saddled heartland drama needed more cultivation.
Dennis Quaid turns in a strong performance, but writer-director Ramin Bahrani's earnest but unfocused melodrama offers neither a compelling storyline nor a satisfying message.
With Bahrani's assured direction squaring off against his ragged script, this proves to be a mixed bag of a movie, maybe worth seeing for reduced admission but not necessarily at any price.
Bahrani's evocation of place and culture is utterly convincing, even if his story seems to have gone before the cameras before it was quite ripe.
It cheats you with acres of unharvested ambitions.
while [Bahrani] did create a sociologic examination of an industry and culture that effects everyone, and educates the audiences, he didn't know how to end the story.
... sporadically compelling drama, a lack-of-character study trashy enough for fun and thoughtful enough to be taken seriously.
Maybe the writer-director found himself adrift in the corn fields.
Bahrani fills the frame with weathered faces and "At Any Price" feels like it unfolds in something close to the real America. But he wants to give us larger-than-life drama, and his strengths are life-sized.
We don't need to love the characters to care for them but not hating them will help us build a bridge to apathy PDQ.
A haunting portrait of the relationship between fathers and sons as being built on a foundation of intersecting interests.
Bahrani shares his characters' ambitions, and also their lack of perspective.
Just like the seeds, At Any Price is genetically modified reality.
Though well-researched and competently acted, At Any Price doesn't risk much, having neither a thesis nor a resolution. Like an awkward hug between estranged relations, there's a lack of confidence in the execution.
Bahrani seems less interested in getting at the heart of a man who has sold his soul than he is in showing how the hard facts of modern farming have literally and figuratively changed the landscape.
Written and played with a little more subtlety, Henry and his contradictions could have been fascinating; as it is, "At Any Price" keeps us at a distance, gazing at characters who never quite come to life.
It's a morally ambiguous, precisely observed story about a flawed but sympathetic man.
At its heart, At Any Price is a significant film about America, our times, and the notion of self-examination.
Like the small farmers forced to kowtow to corporations, writer and director Ramin Bahrani chickens out. His melodramatic script reduces a global conflict to a Grain Belt "Glengarry Glen Ross."
It's an overly thought-out, but often beautiful, attempt to throw a mirror up to the new face of America, where things look familiar, but prove entirely unrecognizable.
It clumsily showcases an environmental issue -- in this case, the corporate strong-arm tactics used to promote GMOs -- through routine interpersonal drama.
If the story is a bit all over the place - and what the heck is Heather Graham doing in this picture besides looking great? - the solid work from Quaid and Efron helps iron out a few of the bumpy bits.
Bahrani aims at a wider audience than his previous films have reached so far, but in the process he has sacrificed much of his artisanal, personal approach.
In the end, "At Any Price" strikes a dark, even ghastly tone, and rather suddenly it becomes a cynical commentary on small-town hypocrisy and American business. It's hard to tell whether that was the intention.
It may be saying some true things about the new world of cutthroat agriculture, but it says them in a singularly unconvincing way.
An old-fashioned, fifties-style melodrama, it offers a host of plots and sub-plots, twists and turns that frankly never congeal--except to make a rather murky mess.
A viewer is constantly aware of how much everyone is striving. It's the cinematic equivalent of a stranger who trips all over themselves in an effort to become your new best friend.
An overstuffed and overheated movie that is more about Sending A Message than Telling A Story.
Stressed, struggling farmers explore the moral and social consequences of corruption and the high-stakes economic pressures in the contemporary business world.
Dennis Quaid gives the kind of performance that deserves awards, but it's in a movie that won't likely get that kind of attention.
The results are quite disastrous when it steps away from farming concerns, resulting in a movie that's unforgivably clunky, tone-deaf, and dreadfully acted.
a complex, intelligent film, poetic in its tragedy, and beautiful in its compassion.
Works best when it sticks close to Henry, whose broad grin fails to mask a growing desperation. Quaid not only makes a believably corn-fed patriarch, but he captures the mien of one who is slowly ceding his soul...
Admirably avoids cheap pathos, and offers a glimpse into the sorts of lives often overlooked by Hollywood.
It's one of the weirdest movies I've ever seen, and not in a particularly good way.
The actors seem to have been asked to give very clipped, elevated performances, especially Quaid, whose character is a smarmy salesman. Efron, on the other hand, responds to every situation with his usual blank, dead-eyed stare.
Dennis Quaid nearly makes it worth seeing on his own and I have no doubt that the multi-talented Bahrani can bounce back but this modern farmer's tale is a melodrama that I simply didn't buy.
[I]t works because Bahrani and Newton stay true to the characters' reactions to even something that might, upon initial impact, seem contrived.
Dennis Quaid and Zac Efron simply do not have the gravitas to convince me that Henry and Dean are real people.
The narrative takes a surprising turn, leading to a troubling and, I think, successful third act. Most uneven pictures have a way of fading to gray in the final lap; this one actually gets better as it goes.
Achieves an ideal sense of place, where a small community isn't all innocence and sweetness.
This is a view of farm life that shows it to be far from what most people in the city imagine, abetted by outstanding performances of the entire cast.
...despite its worthy themes, Bahrani has over stacked his deck with Henry's character while leaving too many questions with Dean's just as Quaid emotes to the rafters while Efron underplays.
Bahrani is a gifted filmmaker. But he shoots himself in the foot by throwing in a contrived plot device that creates drama at the expense of credibility.
Feels like a series of note cards ("father-son conflict," "dad's mistress hits on son") that never weave together to make a gripping plot.
The last thing one expects is that the film will morph into a grim melodrama.
A movie about amateur race cars, sex in grain silos, murderous secrets, and Dennis Quaid's late-period acting crisis - only not as much fun as any of that sounds.
It's powerful stuff.
Easy resolutions compete with preposterous melodrama.
Yes, it's a cutthroat world out there, and there isn't a damn thing you can do about it, except hide the bodies well. That's the takeaway from "At Any Price."
The dialogue and performances in At Any Price are about at the level of a Founders' Day pageant.
The film hasn't quite earned the grim resonance it seeks.
With its fine eye for detail, At Any Price is also a complicated and revelatory look at the intersection of country folk and corporate might.
The sense of place is strong. Bahrani's preferred neo-neo realist approach is dressed up with epic, wide images of windmills grinding in the breeze, enormous seed processors and cars streaming down country roads.
Flawed but different, well-crafted and consistently powerful, At Any Price is the best film about impoverished farmers in the economic agricultural crisis since Jean Renoir's The Southerner.
For me the breakthrough in "At Any Price" comes from 59-year-old Dennis Quaid, cementing his character-actor renaissance with what may be the nastiest role of his career.
If "At Any Price" overstates its points, they are still worth making. And the hot-wired performances by Mr. Quaid and Mr. Efron drive them home in a movie that sticks to your ribs and stays in your head.
The fine cast takes the movie as far as it will comfortably go, until Bahrani gets a case of Great American Play-itis.
The film does have its warm, beating heart.
At Any Price is about the slow, insidious corruption of a regular guy, about the rot that grows around him and within him, allowing him to become complicit in a crime of biblical proportions.
An engrossing drama about a farm family struggling to survive in a time when big business, new technology, and genetically modified seeds are the name of the game.
So overwrought initially that the film's late ironies are but a modest consolation that Bahrani does indeed have more in mind than literal and figurative corn.
"At Any Price" is consistently gentle and affectionate toward its characters but, sadly, it's also director Ramin Bahrani's least affecting film.
Bahrani dishes up obvious melodrama about fathers and sons, down-home values versus shifting business ethics.
Quaid and Efron play off well against each other.
Standout performances from Dennis Quaid and Zac Efron and an intelligent script distinguish this drama from writer-director Ramin Bahrani.
Given real struggles to convey, Quaid delivers some of his finest acting in the movie's closing scenes, his furrowed brow pointing to a pair of focused eyes that say a lot more than the script's rampant issue-based dialogue.
This film has turned out to be bleak and unrewarding soil for both Bahrani and Quaid.
At Any Price is certainly one of the most impressive reactions to the recent economic crisis (because that's exactly what it is) that cinema has produced so far.
In the end At Any Price lacks the emotional pay-off the story deserves.
An artfully downbeat drama that proves easier to admire than to embrace.
Tale of conflict between an Iowa farmer and his rebellious racecar-driver son goes to darker places than the usual heartland drama.
Warm-hearted performances ... are squandered in this sermon on the plain.
Overreaching, melodramatic -- but also thoughtful, well-acted and utterly engrossing
Alternates between business-world morality play, family drama, and portrait of a local community without ever comfortably integrating these disparate elements into his messy stew.
This is a brave, layered film that challenges the wisdom of victory at any price.
Maybe the best picture I've seen this year.
The new soap opera from America's least exciting regional filmmaker.
...a low-key yet entertaining endeavor...
Very strong performances from Quaid and Efron! There is much brilliance to be found here.

@highlight

At Any Price features a terrific performance from Dennis Quaid, and it offers further evidence of Ramin Bahrani's unique eye for detail, but film is weighted down by an overly melodramatic story.