The cast is strong, but the movie tries to be two things and never forms into one cohesive film.
The survival aspects of this mountain adventure are less than satisfying.
The Mountain Between Us is movie star chemistry interrupted by a survival yarn without much danger.
While both leads bring an element of gravitas to proceedings, it's hardly the high-profile showcase their talents warrant.
... wrapping up in a gloriously unearned conclusion, pages of which could have fluttered out of a 1952 script meeting.
However, there is very little substance hiding beneath all of the pretty frost. Lifeless and a tad melodramatic, The Mountain Between Us feels more like a TV movie than a big-screen survival flick.
The Mountain Between Us falls right off a cliff, dipping down from a serviceable tale of inspirational survival into over the top, melodrama cheese
Come for the love story, stay for the dog.
...one can't help but wonder if the fairly ludicrous storyline worked better on the page. (It surely had to, right?)
As much as the actors do with the material, however, they can't quite lift the film beyond standard sappy romance territory.
The idea of pairing Winslet with Elba certainly is attractive. Being acclaimed actors, you know they can make anything work. They definitely give their all, even though the plot treads on thin ice when it cannot decide which genre it wants to be in.
The chemistry between Idris Elba and Kate Winslet is impeccable... [Full review in Spanish]
A cursory thriller and unconvincing melodrama wedged together with nothing but some lovely landscape photography to give it any meaning at all.
Perhaps there is a romantic comedy (albeit an awful one) trying to rise from 'The Mountain Between Us.'
If The Mountain Between Us had decided to embrace the gritty realism that a story like this demands, then they really could've had something here.
Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are both terrific actors but their skills are not enough to save this sappy mess.
In the end, all depends on the appeal of Elba and Winslet and they don't disappoint.
... the clichés and the films's somewhat mild scenes directed by Hany Abu-Assad... will not end satisfy your desire. [Full review in Spanish]
Put the survival details aside and enjoy this trip on a very different Titanic.
If the film had gone on much longer they might have had to meet a survivalist sect or a group of zombies.
Winslet and Elba are easy actors to watch and the landscape shots are beautiful, but this movie is just silly.
I was surprised by the film's shift from adventure story to romantic melodrama, and yet the turn feels natural. Everyday life more often resembles a melodrama than an adventure story.
For a tale of two characters connecting while facing their mortality, Chris Weitz's screenplay simply has no depth.
The Mountain Between Us is too dramatically inert to be a worthwhile survival adventure, and too stilted in evolving the central relationship to be a memorable romance.
Slogging melodramatic survival story - with a sappy ending.
The two stars and a dog go for a long walk in the mountains. Who thought this was a good idea?
This is handled capably enough by Dutch/Palestinian director Hany Abu-Assad, with strong work from Winslet and Elba, even if it tends to feel a bit like a TV movie and offers a coda that might well have been added on after the fact.
If you like romantic stories and are tired of the usual treatment, this film takes a different approach to the subject.
It's a love story first and foremost, doing a better job serving that crowd than most Nicholas Sparks bollocks adapted to screen.
The Mountain Between Us goes out of its way to feed us information, such as how bodies quickly adjust to temperature, and that humans can go three weeks without food, but it's just too hard to believe the premise.
The Mountain Between Us fails almost exclusively because of Kate Winslet. It's a case of good actress in the wrong film, playing across a good leading man who just doesn't resonate on her frequency.
[The Mountain Between Us] is a flimsy romance posing as a survival story.
As an adventure, The Mountain Between Us is an ungenerous spectacle, since the sensation of authentic danger shines by its absence in a landscape... [Full review in Spanish]
Survival story that reveals how love and tenderness grow out of the vulnerability of two strangers.
To its credit though, Mountain doesn't end in an obvious place - an extended coda adding more poignancy and emotional depth than what a traditional Hollywood romantic action-drama might have.
... even though the characters are in the most perilous of circumstances, the viewer manages not to feel a thing.
For what is supposed to be a stirring tale of survival against incredible odds, everything depicted here gives off a stilted vibe that does not invite your complete involvement.
Perhaps it's the sense of inevitability, climaxing in a sentimental final act, but the affection the film-makers hope to kindle for these characters never quite sparks. Still, audiences will end up rooting for the hound.
Though Winslet and Elba's presence saves the film from its worst instincts, it's also the real problem with The Mountain Between Us. Their talent disguises the movie for what it really is, a sentimental romance in the vein of a Nicholas Sparks story.
...a passable but bland romantic drama...
The Mountain Between Us is hard to warm to, partly because much of the action is set in a freezing mountainous wilderness and partly because it's regularly too contrived and clunky for its own good.
Too fussy and dignified to embrace the material's romance novel absurdity.
It's a film of innocent hokum, played with heroic conviction by its stars. Towards the end, though, you can only giggle as all that mountainous snow gives way to slush.
It's the sort of film where you stare at the actors as long as you can ... until you start rolling your eyes.
Yes, we have been here before, many times, but the talented Kate and Idris make you care about Alex and Ben's plight (it does not hurt that hey have a cool dog with them) and want them safe.
Disaster movie warps into schmaltzy romance, an odd misfire that ends up being inadvertently hilarious ...
An increasingly irritating chore to sit through. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
The second the writers and director take pages from a Nicholas Sparks novel, it slides from reasonable to absurdity.
Elba and Winslet are both excellent, and when the saga continues beyond where most other movies would have it end, they provide the glue that holds the increasingly diffuse project together.
A riveting disaster flick and a steamy bodice ripper rolled into one!
A pair of committed performances become lost amid a series of improbable twists and chilly contrivances.
The romantic fantasy tendencies hijack this otherwise interesting unconventional love story in order to become a sort of bizarre Idris Elba fan fiction.
The Mountain Between Us bangs into the side of a metaphorical cliff leaving all kinds of wreckage in its wake, the fact any elements worth extolling the virtues of survived at all something of a minor miracle.
The film includes dazzling panoramas and two stars full of charisma... But little more. [Full review in Spanish]
Skip The Mountain Between Us. If you're in the mood to be cloyed, watch a Hallmark movie instead.
... there are enough elements for Elba and Winslet to have a presence in the awards season for their hard-hitting, dramatic work. [Full review in Spanish]
Labored and boring, The Mountain Between Us is a soap opera in the snow that fritters away the time and talents of Kate Winslet and Idris Elba for all the wrong reasons.
The Mountain Between Us didn't have to be great, but it should have been good.
At one point you almost start rooting for the elements to win out, just so these two [characters] would just shut up.
The Mountain Between Us is an easily digestible romance that might have been more interesting if it were a bit harder to swallow.
This is an emotional movie about the oldest and best thrill in the book -- love, and for Alex and Ben that's a lot scarier than some silly old mountain.
The Mountain Between Us squanders a promising opportunity.
A film that fulfills its objective: entertain, excite, and so on. Nothing else. [Full review in Spanish]
So, if you really want to boil this movie down to its core, it's like two great actors reading out of the phone book in front of an Ansel Adams photo.
Mountain trek peril in non-scary but well-acted romance.
... never transports you the vital despair and yearning for survival, much less the romantic rush of runaway love in extreme conditions. [Full review in Spanish]
It's hard to imagine a more generic wilderness adventure-turned-romance than Hany Abu-Assad's The Mountain Between Us.
The romance is forced and phony - after only two weeks together, the two are behaving like an old married couple.
A cold-weather drama with just enough shocks to make you shiver, and just enough romance to warm you up.
Winslet and Elba give it their all, but The Mountain Between Us is an absurd and forgettable affair that makes little impact with viewers.
It's a Mills & Boon kind of set up, but Winslet in particular adds authenticity and gravitas.
The chemistry between Winslet and Elba certainly helps sell this tearjerker, but even so the film feels oddly distant and muted, only really coming to life in a denouement that suggests the tasteful passion buried at the story's core.
A tedious, shallow soap opera that wastes the time of everyone involved.
Winslet and Elba's chemistry is frostbitten. They just don't seem to like each other much. They look happier in their parkas than out of them.
While the film gets stuck between a rock and a hard place it's reasonably enjoyable.
Really, what a waste of talent this film represents, and that goes too for its director Hany Abu-Assad.
There's a bigger obstruction here than the mountain between the characters: it's the story that can't get out of the way of itself.
This is a soap opera, unrealistic even by Hollywood standards; it even has a lovable dog in almost every scene! I just turned off my sense of reason and enjoyed it as much as I would a Pepé Le Pew cartoon. I told myself to lighten up; this is a movie!
So soapy you could wash a week's laundry in it.
A good old fashioned Hollywood romantic adventure, that had the good grace to cast Kate Winslet and Idris Elba, makes for an entertaining adult-appeal movie in the best sense of the word.
As is the case with many movies, this one may have begun as someone's labor of love; it turned out to be ... well ... just laborious.
nothing more than a time suck, a way of wasting a few hours away from home
If you are in the mood for an old-fashioned, romantic tearjerker, then The Mountain Between Us is only too happy to oblige.
There ain't no mountain high enough, no valley low enough, nor a script absurd enough, to keep Kate Winslet and Idris Elba from saving each other's lives - or indeed, their movie.
This is an unpretentious, robustly entertaining yarn that pushes more than one emotional button. And it's definitely a great date movie.
The Mountain Between Us almost has a hypnotizing quality to it, with so many impressive parts operating within a machine that doesn't really doesn't function properly.
The romantic drama "The Mountain Between Us" shows what great talent can do to so-so material, as two powerful actors and a thoughtful director give weight to the sort of overwrought melodrama that otherwise would have landed on cable TV.
Even though this particular story couldn't be more contrived, big stars have been making us invest in far-fetched emotional connections for as long as movies have been in existence.
J. Mills Goodloe and Chris Weitz's script ... dispenses backstory as if through an I.V. drip, designed to just barely sustain the audience's interest. Most of the time, character development is buried under fresh powder.
If their Mountain had been made in Hollywood's Golden Era, the leads would be sniping at each other...Consequently, the script works absurdly hard to keep them apart, heading toward an ending that's just as corny as any Harlequin romance.
The path of the story and its conclusion are telegraphed early on. When you crash on the top of a mountain, the only way you can go is down.
[T]he movie never really convinces us that these characters are anything more than products of the circumstances in which they find themselves.
Kate Winslet and Idris Elba survive a plane crash but not this slush pile of chick-flick cliches. It's an epic all right - an epic waste of talent and your time.
If you were searching for a survival wilderness thriller with a touch of romance that will impact you to your core-this just isn't it.
It's diverting stuff, for the most part.
A wilderness survival romance that makes subzero weather, blizzards and broken limbs seem as taxing as a train delay.
If you guessed that those performers are the other things that make the film watchable, that would be correct.
While some of the dialogue gets a bit clunky, there's a lot to like in how Elba and Winslet go about delivering it.
The Mountain Between Us proves that fairy tales, no matter how silly can come true and make us believe in them.
The mountain threatening Idris Elba and Kate Winslet in survival drama The Mountain Between Us is chemistry, not Mother Nature.
It's said you have a choice at a movie like The Mountain Between Us: Laugh at it or go with it. I don't see those two things as mutually exclusive. I laughed at it and enjoyed the hell out of it.
Elba and Winslet generate chemistry that is convincing in direct proportion to the story's outlandishness.
To the marginal extent that it works, credit Elba and Winslet, who manage not only to convey determination, fear and bouts of resignation but also possess the sort of innate appeal that makes some of the thinner plot points more palatable.
If there's any reason to see The Mountain Between Us, it's the commendable work of both Idris Elba and Kate Winslet in its lead roles. More specifically, the energy that the film manages to create during their scenes together in its first half.
The movie works as far-fetched escapism with some genuinely moving moments.
It has romance and danger and a few funny quips. And, of course, it has Idris Elba.
None of it would work ... without Winslet and Elba, whose smarts and sex-appeal shine through - even with a teensy bit of fake dirt pressed onto their cheeks.
Elba and Winslet are magnetic screen presences, irresistible to watch individually and even better together. Watching them here, I found myself pulling for their endurance.
Some of the plot turns seem a bit too convenient, and the film goes on for too long. But ultimately, it's a showcase for a pair of excellent actors who elevate the material.
You'd think pairing Winslet and Elba... would produce more than this unfocused and borderline generic bit of survival theatre, but this is not the case.
... somewhat unsteadily balances a cute, getting-to-know-you budding respect between two tentative lovers and the raw ravages of survival, which includes cougars, thin ice and deep snow...
A drippy, tone-deaf, none-too-believable vehicle for Kate Winslet and Idris Elba.
The authentic locations war against a hokey storyline. Though the stars are attractive, 'The Mountain Between Us' represents too high an accumulation of implausibility to swallow.
A high-altitude soap opera, woozy with overly telegraphed peril and determined to make the audience root for a couple who clearly aren't meant for each other.
The crash is impressive. So is the scenery. But the plot is Mills and Boon and the pace progressively turgid.
A thrilling love story that will not just keep you on the edge of your seat, but also have you reaching for the tissues.
The Mountain Between Us may start off as a survival drama, but its heart belongs to an inevitable romance.
It works as diverting entertainment. In fact, is it wrong to conclude it's the ideal movie to watch on an airplane?
To watch the magnetic Idris Elba trudge through a monumental dud like "The Mountain Between Us" is almost physically painful.
Absorbing drama ought to be the one thing that Kate Winslet and Idris Elba have in plentiful supply in "The Mountain Between Us." Instead, this thinly scripted survival story is as fluffy as the countless acres of powder that the two struggle to traverse.
Kate Winslet and Idris Elba are two of the best actors working today. So what on earth are they doing in "The Mountain Between Us?"
[The romance is] an awkward afterthought to an already sluggish adventure story.
In trying to merge the disaster and romance genres, the film simply doesn't know which it wants to be most of the time, and ends up doing neither well.
With its script and storyline, I'm not certain that The Mountain Between Us could have worked well for any actors in the roles.
... the film packs a powerful emotional punch to go along with its field-and-stream mishaps.
The real disappointment here is how conventional the storytelling becomes and how little the two leads are challenged in anything other than the most obvious way.
Despite some frightening (and effective) scenes of slippery slopes and aggravated wildlife, the film's heart lies in watching these characters discover in themselves and each other the will to press on.
Kate Winslet has rotten traveling luck, but at least she's got dreamy company during her big-screen disasters.
This is not a great movie. But it's a fun one we shall remember fondly.
Elba and Winslet give it their frowning and emoting best, getting actorishly in each other's eyelines. ... But I never fully believed in their danger or their emotional connection.
Films, unlike airplanes, don't come with black boxes to reveal what went wrong, but there are some clues. Based on a book by the Sparks-like Charles Martin, this is a Nicholas Sparks film with a more expensive cast.
We end up liking the characters very much, and caring about them, even if we simultaneously are not remotely in love with the movie.
In the hands of lesser actors I shudder to think of what a slog "The Mountain Between Us" might be, with its endless catastrophes and near-deaths and melodramatic declarations.
The final act is mushy without ever really earning the right to be, and Elba and Winslet - despite a steamy love scene - have zero chemistry.
Remove the nonsensical characterizations and The Mountain Between Us becomes a cornball paean to rock formations and (mostly male) beauty.
A slightly more extreme sports version of a Currier and Ives print.
Two compelling leads and a mix of adventure and romance. It's a pleasant experience, if not one that will linger long in the memory.
"The English Patient in Winter."
A dreary but diverting high-altitude romance that's superimposed onto a classic story of survival.
Idris Elba and Kate Winslet sell the characters and situation fully, establishing a deep relationship that will enthrall audiences.
The Mountain Between Us is a mediocre film that has been elevated by two very good actors signing on to the project.
What could have been a routine romantic drama is elevated by stunning location photography and excellent performances.
... a prolonged final act that drains the tension with a misguided detour into romantic melodrama.
This one is for incorrigible romantics.
This well-directed, serviceable yarn proves the importance of casting - especially when we're spending nearly two hours with just two actors.
No one sets out to make a movie this bad. But here we are, and here it is.
The Mountain Between Us is beautiful with unique cinematography and bold direction but also speaks to the resilience of the human spirit and ultimately, the power of love.
It's unsophisticated and hugely familiar (hardened viewers will spot the plot developments a mile off) but there's an earnest, simple satisfaction to be had, buoyed by two engaging star leads.
This is an easy picture to watch... and to root for, in a way, because it's so rarely overbearing. But it's only ever mildly engaging.
A movie in which neither the subzero temperature nor the romantic heat penetrates more than skin deep.
An easily digestible love story-cum-survival tale that tosses two excellent actors in the snow and lets them do their thing.

@highlight

The Mountain Between Us may be too far-fetched for some viewers to appreciate, but it's elevated by reliably engaging performances from Idris Elba and Kate Winslet.