Though intermittently engaging, the contents seem both overcooked and undernourishing.
May be the most raw and visceral cinematic portrayal of infatuation I've ever seen, with nearly every shot conveying aching, unrequited desire.
In Dolan, the hipster crowd might well have found their latest poster boy.
Who knew being young, beautiful and hip could be so tedious?
It's likeable enough, though there's far too much slow motion.
A subtle and painfully amusing battle of wills.
Lushly, not to say swishly made, the whole thing is really just a pseudo-poetic trifle.
There is something rather flimsy about Heartbeats. That said, it certainly shows that Dolan has quite a career ahead of him.
Hipster's delight.
Every frame is a joy to look at, and the three leads very appealing.
Ultimately, Dolan's image-led central characters and their shallow, bitchy concerns won't appeal to everyone, but those who've experienced l'amour fou themselves will find plenty to enjoy.
Dolan has a gift but he hasn't fully unwrapped it.
It can seem as if style is all in Dolan's films, but as well as revelling in its pleasures, they also dissect its limitations - sometimes without anaesthetic.
Opening with a recurring set of interviews with love scorned young people, Heartbeats lays down a tonne of 20-something sarcasm communicated through tongue-clicks, snide smirks and eye-rolls galore.
Sumptuously photographed and elegantly stylised, Heartbeats' exterior is as seductive as Schneider's R-Pattzalike. Dig beneath the surface, though, and there ain't much there.
A fizzing delight that tips a nod to the masters of the French New Wave without sacrificing its identity or sense of freshness. Recommended.
At 21, actor-filmmaker Dolan proves that I Killed My Mother was no fluke. This is even bolder filmmaking that continually takes risks with its material
Ultimately what makes "Heartbeats" tick is that it's less about love objects and more about friends who are stuck with each other, for better or worse.
Too many musical interludes, too much posing, and generally not enough meat in the sandwich.
Dolan's characters may for the most part be keenly observed, but it all becomes eye-rolling when he takes his stylization into overdrive.
Spends 100 minutes dispensing painful examples of how infatuation turns people into idiots.
There are moments of heartbreaking beauty in it - although Dolan is still a work in progress. He'll get better - he's immensely talented - but he's not quite there yet.
Director Dolan focuses on the fetishes of fashion
Mature viewers may grow weary of so much posing but Dolan's take on modern romance and the wear and tear on friendship seems tailor-made for viewers under 25.
The vibe of the French-Canadian "Heartbeats" is better conveyed by its original title, which needs no translation: "Les Amours Imaginaires."
It's nearly impossible to believe that so young a filmmaker should be so fully formed and have such an arsenal of gifts.
Not too deep but oh so pretty, "Heartbeats" presents a hyper-stylized look at a love triangle, a sort of "Jules and Jim" for millennials.
While light on plot, this beautifully crafted film captures the emotional plight of its three young protagonists with insight and immediacy.
Alas, although Heartbeats is quite lovely to look at, there isn't much going on after all.
"Heartbeats" charts its own course.
A pretty decent film in its own right, and a remarkably good one if you consider the filmmaker turns 22 this month.
My main issue? Marie and Francis, for all their twenty-something familiarity and vulnerability, are as unlikable a pair of main characters as any I could have imagined.
A French-Canadian "Jules and Jim," the lamely retitled "Heartbeats" ("Les Amours Imaginaires") is an impressive second feature from 21-year-old Canadian wonderboy Xavier Dolan.
All the dramatic protraction gets at both a heaviness of romantic desire and emotional viscosity.
A palate cleanser of a movie: unfrenetic, reflective, even melancholy.
Dolan is proving to be adept at and unafraid of teasing out the flaws of his characters, seemingly more concerned with whether they are interesting than whether an audience will like them.
It's a bright, slight romp that seems to want to zero in on the pain and trauma of romantic obsession. If the filmmaker weren't having such fun mocking characters who fall hard while pretending not to, it might just be able to achieve that.
Dolan may not have quite developed his own voice yet, but he certainly knows how to crib from the best and the film features a dazzling array of style that's bold and truly communicates the film's adolescent emotions.
Remember the name Xavier Dolan. You're going to be hearing it a lot in the future.
The triangulations of their desire are amusing but Dolan, as a director, is all attitude.
There's a lot that works in Heartbeats -- so much that its flaws stand out in disappointingly sharp relief.
"Heartbeats" looks good, and it has some funny dialogue. But there isn't enough to sustain the film's running time.
A stylized and compelling portrait of the fever of romantic love in all it stages from immediate attraction through the yearning for reciprocation.
The new movie confirms Mr. Dolan as a wildly talented, carelessly extravagant filmmaker nakedly in thrall to idols like Wong Kar-wai, Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut, Bernardo Bertolucci and Pedro Almodóvar.
a thrilling visual experience directed with a very personal style
The film couples high comedy with spiritual solitude. That's not just a slo-mo stunt, it's a cockeyed triumph.
The actors are submerged in a layer of artifice so thick that it's impossible to regard the characters as anything but pawns in the writer-director's cinematic game.
It contains all the passion and drama that animated I Killed My Mother, but carried across with greater assurance and technique.
A and B love C, who's oblivious, but Xavier Dolan only wrests a few chuckles from the old "is he or isn't he" tease.
You wouldn't want to spend time with any of them; they're pouty, moody, pretentious and otherwise unpleasant. Just like this film.
[A] madly stylish Montreal-made delight...
The story feels tired, and the cyclical ending is about as surprising as the calorie count of a Cinnabon.
Xavier Dolan is the new darling of Canadian cinema, and it's easy to see why.
So much of the impact of Heartbeats is erotic because it always withholds sex or breaks it up into pieces.
Though his results are sometimes raw, Dolan seems to be chronicling heartache as he discovers it. Indulge him.
An undeniable triumph of artifice, Heartbeats acts as a kind of bizarro fantasy mirror, aestheticizing and glamorizing the madness that arises from unrequited sexual obsession, as drunk on beauty and blind to truth as its deluded singles.
Girl likes boy who likes boy (or maybe he doesn't) sounds like that recent reality-TV scenario, but there's very little reality at play in this hollowed-out, tricked-up Montreal-based drama.
[VIDEO] "Heartbeats" is a witty movie for chic twentysomething misfits who almost know what they want.
The magic of Heartbeats is comprised not just of its subtle acting, but also of it colors, music, fashions, editing, and cinematography. If it isn't perfect, it promises that Dolan in coming years will constantly be closing in on perfection.
Dolan is so impressed with his own aesthetics that he insists that half the movie contain ass-numbingly long slow-motion shots, just so you can savor it.
Dolan's stylistic touches and cinematic tributes make Heartbeats a sumptuous, striking pleasure. But don't be fooled by all that fanciness; although he probably wouldn't like to admit it, he owes a great deal to traditional American romcoms...
full review at Movies for the Masses
That Dolan has squeezed a feature out of a love triangle that ultimately may not even really exist speaks to the intensity of such an intimate experience.
Stylishly directed and featuring a terrific soundtrack, this is an engaging, enjoyable and frequently funny comedy-drama with strong performances from the three leads.
It's part of a very specific genre of slightly pretentious, slightly irrelevant Nouvelle Vague throwbacks that are nonetheless pretty decent. And this is the decentist I've seen in some time. Dolan, I salute you.
What Xavier Dolan's sophomore effort lacks is a true sense of purpose.
Quebec director Xavier Dolan's follow-up to his precocious art-house hit, I Killed My Mother, is a sweet and creamy, puffed-up dessert of a film.
The romantic-farce plot is nicely structured, the characters are written more sharply, and Stéphanie Anne Weber Biron's glossy images are a pleasure to behold.


@highlight

An art film to the max, Heartbeats intriguing and appealing premise is sometimes buried by director Xavier Dolan's filmmaking flourishes.