Le Havre is brought to life by its raw, hopeful humanity; it feels close and real despite its deliberate distance.
A great way to start your weekend. [Full review in Spanish]
Le Havre charmingly renews the old-fashioned belief in an ethic among the urban poor, one that sometimes rises to the challenge of mutual help across lines of race and nation. This sense of solidarity even crosses lines of cultural ambition.
It is not a set of moves within and against the system writ large; it zeroes in on individuals, frames them, looks into their eyes, forges space and community with them, in neighborhoods, through moments.
Plays less like a snapshot of Europe wrestling with the realities of immigration and more like a fantasy about how Kaurismaki wishes every immigrant's story would play out.
"Le Havre" is easily the most humanist, generous and hopeful movie in recent memory.
Overly sentimental but warmhearted Marxist message pic.
We are so held by the film's impact that its ending, surprise or not, is like a bonus.
Kaurismäki returns with another of his deadpan comedies, reminiscent of the great silent comedians, though this one is arguably one of his gentlest as well.
Le Havre is presented as an oasis of happy inclusiveness within a regimented, uniformed, legislated and suspicious world at large; to spend time here is a pleasure.
Kaurismäki turns his affectionate, whimsical eye on the impoverished but generous folk of a run-down, waterfront community in the Normandy port of Le Havre.
The result is both charming and purposeful.
Written and directed by Finland's Aki Kaurismäki, this warmly engaging film is an understated pleasure about a surprisingly resourceful underdog.
The intricately woven tale of hide and seek is full of priceless, poker-faced comedy and heartrending tenderness.
No other director could maintain this degree of optimism while telling such a superficially grim story.
It's a satisfying and distinctively lovable film.
A charming feel-good fantasy of 'Marxist' solidarity resurgent against the chill of post-9/11 modernity.
Kaurismäki clearly knows this is a fantasy, and it's a perfectly pleasant one at that.
A gorgeous hymn to the struggles of the working man.
I was on cloud nine throughout the film: that place of Technicolored rapture where Kaurismäki fans dwell, and where past, present and oneiric future are rolled celestially into one.
Such a heart-warming tale in any other hands could so easily become schmaltzy (a Spielberg remake would be awful), but the deadpan delivery and endless idiosyncrasies counterbalance this tendency.
Kaurismäki fashions a droll, engaging fairytale, with echoes of Casablanca in its colourful, close-knit Normandaise resistance...
This is no doubt a message movie, but it delivers its message in an unforced, quirky way that leaves you feeling as though you've been pleasurably cajoled rather than harangued.
A warm-hearted salute to both classical French cinema and working-class solidarity.
Le Havre could be described as the ever-quirky Aki Kaurismaki's 'wish list' film addressing today's tide of refugees who are usually faceless crowds or worse, corpses at the unintended end of their journey
There's something extremely pure about this simple yet beautiful film in which ordinary people do extraordinary things
It is rare and welcome to watch a movie that automatically assumes people will do the right thing at the slightest provocation.
Endearingly quirky, just this side of precious, but so warm and deftly executed that you go along with it.
A humanist hug of a fable, which concludes that while big miracles may happen, it's the everyday 'miracles' people create for one another that really count.
Uses Kaurismäki's dry wit to tell a tale that's more earnest and political than anything he's done, but which retains the skewed Scandinavian worldview we've come to expect.
[It's] a movie that - like fellow 2011 Cannes entry The Kid With A Bike - is all about generosity of spirit and the cosmic rewards afforded those who live compassionately.
A charming film that celebrates humanity.
"Le Havre" is a passing fancy of a film, but it passes quite nicely indeed.
o Kaurismäki potizei thn istoria toy me ton naif soyrealismo kai to idiotypo xioymor poy exeis mathei na perimeneis ap' tis tainies toy, enw thn idia wra se pairnei ap' to xeraki kai se taksideyei sthn istoria toy kinhmatografoy
The latest work by Finnish cult director Aki Kaurismaki is is his strongst in a decade--and one of 2011 best foreign pictures.
The movie never wears out its welcome with an efficient 93-minute running time. Besides the four principal characters, the supporting cast makes an impression playing a grocer, a baker, a tavern owner and Marcel's best buddy from Vietnam. It also...
While the film never reaches any hugely profound revelations with its parable-styled stories of compassion and community, and occasionally feels a little slight, it's also enormously enjoyable and gorgeous to watch.
It's a puzzle, and an intriguing one.
In two stories of evolving trust and secrets, Le Havre reflects the essential simplicity of the moral choices made in its simple-seeming camera set-ups.
'Tis the season, so the saying goes. And when it comes to Aki Kaurismäki, it holds true. The Finnish writer-director arrives bearing a gift wrapped in a contemporary immigration fable.
Kaurismaki's movie about a shoeshine man and an illegal immigrant is nothing less than a joy
A wonderfully concise, unfussy movie; it is "easy" by the director's standards, which is to say that it doesn't leave any significant ellipses in the narrative up until the aggressively darling ending.
If the bummers and ambiguity of some of this season's movies are getting you down - or, hey, just the bummers and ambiguities of life - make your way to Le Havre. You won't be sorry.
...an upbeat little tome that leaves a good feeling to the spirit.
Kaurismäki can almost restore your hope in humanity.
Kaurismaki dives into French film culture in 'Le Havre'
The Finnish director's sense of humor is dry and dark as pitch, as he consistently finds moments of absurdity in the midst of strife and tragedy.
You almost become a citizen of Le Havre, watching this film and rejoicing at the end as two newfound, unexpected friends share a drink.
Kaurismäki wrote the script, I think, with secret credit from Mother Goose and some fabric softener.
"Le Havre" is a small bit of movie magic, a story that plays more as a fable even as it deals with something as topical as immigration.
It's a straightforward yet completely artificial scenario, with welcome overtones of Italian Neo-Realism.
Unlike the director's typical hero, Wilms's spare performance conveys confidence rather than defeat. He and the kid warm the heart, thawing Kaurismäki's usual icy aplomb.
Heart-wrenching but ultimately inspirational.
Le Havre is not the filmmaker's best work (see La Vie de Bohème for that), but no matter the storm, we should be grateful to dock in this port.
The film is especially comforting if you love old movies, as Kaurismaki does.
Does Kaurismaki believe in his own fairy tale? The movie, a humble delight, suggests the answer is yes.
An exceeding droll comedy from Finnish master Aki Kaurismaki, whose dark worldview is balanced by a deep empathy for his blue-collar characters.
An easygoing story of human relationships with a sharp political comment about European immigration.
A slog of old-fashioned ideals and utter non-whimsy.
So breezy that once the film ends, it simply drifts away
If the story outline seems simple, it is; this movie is all about attitude and style. The shabby-genteel hero, who has a keen sense of irony, and the people who help him...
If the name Aki Kaurismäki doesn't mean anything to you, it should, and "Le Havre" may be the film to make it happen.
"Le Havre'' is warm-hearted and uplifting, without being schmaltzy or preachy. And, with its illegal-alien theme, it's dead-on timely.
No one looks at the world quite like Kaurismäki, and his deadpan sentimentality is worth discovery. This is a good place to start.
A contemporary fable set in a place constructed from blocks of French cinematic history, Le Havre is one of Aki Kaurismaki's warmest, most engaging films.
offers plenty of things to talk about but perhaps the most remarkable part about it is its confidence of style and its sober-eyed sense of uplift
"Le Havre" stands on its own fragile but considerable merits.
A stylized and sentimental fairy tale about the way the world might be, grounded in a frank recognition of the way it is.
A magical Finnish film about the miracles that a warm heart can work in a world of hatred and divisiveness.
A sublime accomplishment that combines the social message of "El Norte" with the charm of "L'Atalante".
Few filmmakers have such delicate command of the poetic potential of cinema.
Le Havre is utopian precisely because it shows everything as it is not.
I wanted to cry for joy at this funny and good-hearted film. I would normally be wary of a film that anyone describes as heart-warming but this is the real deal.
This typically deadpan saga from the maker of The Match Factory Girl, Drifting Clouds and The Man Without a Past (among other Netflix finds) exemplifes France's commitment to liberté, égalité, fraternité with impish sincerity.
With perfectly pitched acting and a script brimming with compassion and wit, Kaurismaki conveys his critique of social injustice without a hint of self-righteousness.
It has immense, minor-key charm, and Kaurismaki's understated deadpan wit is never far from the surface.
In just a few minutes of screen time, the film establishes that specifically Kaurismäkian world of sad-sack losers, humorously incongruous but uncommented-upon presences, and the director's trademark careful attention to visages.
Shot (by cinematographer Timo Salminen) with the precise choreography, exaggerated 1940s-style lighting and deadpan blend of comedy and melodrama that characterizes Kaurismäki, Le Havre sneaks up on you.
Pitting that grandiose takeaway with the director's intentionally over-the-top stylistic dalliances, Le Havre maintains a fresh balance that never falters.
Mixing together some of helmer Aki Kaurismaki's favorite Gallic and Finnish thesps with a few newbies, Le Havre feels like a welcoming family reunion.
Lovely, unassuming, [and] buoyantly sad-sacky.
You still get the usual po-faced jokes; this time out, Kaurismäki includes a heartfelt hat tip to the power of community and cinema.
Kaurismäki works with a superb Franco-Finnish cast to bring us a typically modest but shining French-language gem that sees him magnificently back on form after the slight dip of 2006's Lights In The Dusk.
Aki Kaurismaki carves out another comically enchanted movie oasis from the real world where people can rise to the occasion and do the right things.
Something to savour.
Kaurismäki's ingenious pastiche of French populist poetic-realist dramas plumbs their styles and moods for enduring political substance.
Kaurismäki's style throughout remains, as ever, resolutely direct in its clean lines and saturated color.
The Finnish director uses deadpan humor to evoke both the silliness and the good will of people.
As usual, camera moves, cuts, and gestures are boiled down to the essential, with emotion so concentrated as to give the impression of no emotion at all.
Minor pleasures abound, but Kauismäki's vision isn't deep enough to survive so many variations.

@highlight

Aki Kaurismäki's deadpan wit hits a graceful note with Le Havre , a comedy/drama that's sweet, sad, and uplifting in equal measure.