There are unusual rewards for viewers willing to climb ev'ry mountain with this deranged guide.
This outrageously irreverent Aussie comedy is an extraordinary film - hilarious one moment and grating the next. Unfortunately, only some of the risks pay off here.
The heart of Hogan's film is in the right place, and Collette is masterful as an agent of anarchy.
The humour is every bit as rude and raucous as before, but Hogan's touch here seems heavy handed and the use of songs from The Sound of Music doesn't work nearly so well as the joyous Abba tunes that drove Muriel's Wedding.
There are some big laughs and fine performances, yet not enough realistic grounding in the characters or story to sustain its dramatic transition in the second half.
Given the film's garrulous multitude of characters, one wishes they would all just shut up and sing.
The scenery Down Under looks great and you certainly can't write off a film where Liev Schreiber plays a shark hunter.
Enjoyable performances can't compensate for the film's lack of control: in Hogan's hands the broad humor sells out the sincerity, and when that mark is missed, we end up at twee.
Writer-director P.J. Hogan may have based "Mental" on an actual incident from his childhood, but the crazy quilt of a movie that resulted feels anything but real.
"Mental" wildly overplays the kookiness and quirk.
Not content to make his point through sharp-tongued comedy, Hogan ends up beating a dead horse -- or shark, as the case may be.
A lot of times, you simply want the jabbering characters to shut up.
Hilarious but a tonal bucking bronco, the effort is perhaps best reserved for viewers in the mood for a runaway mine cart viewing experience, willing to absorb all the chaos Hogan happily provides.
A kooky comedy in which a spirited cast is almost suffocated by too-aggressive direction.
Mental skewers the easy-on and -off labels of psychiatry, but some sequences, particularly one of "bad dreams," are sophomoric.
If one wants to see Toni Collette light a fart on fire, well, this misguided reunion with her Muriel's Wedding director may be the only chance they get.
It's a bewilderingly strange movie, the kind of thing that one might write off as being lost in translation from its Australian origin before realizing it wasn't that funny there either.
Artistic inspiration can be close to madness, but Mental is just plain nuts.
A cuckoo comedy that puts the fun in dysfunctional.
Much of the humor is driven by a savage near-hatred of everything suburban, which frequently undermines its own effectiveness, and poses a barrier to auds engaging emotionally with the central character.
Not every cute movie about the mentally ill is Oscar worthy, but this touching and riotous one from Down Under works well enough.
Collette anchors the film with a selfless, let-it-all-hang-out performance that sets an agreeably anarchic tone.
[A] heavy-handed satire on Australian suburban life ...
Even for a riotous Australian black comedy, this film packs in just a bit too much chaos. It's consistently smart and funny, with lively characters and especially witty dialog, but some of the sideroads never go anywhere.
Collette never gives a less than watchable performance but she is asked to overplay her hand with diminishing returns.
One of the most unusual comedies you'll see this year.
Unless you're in tune with the eccentric humour you'll find this a bewildering dud.
A knockabout black comedy from Australia that starts off exhilaratingly mad and funny, then progressively loses its edge.
The movie is surreal, uncontrolled, frenzied: a gift that goes on giving, even though at some points you beg it to stop.
The whole film is so aggressively clownish that the only possible response is to cringe.
A bipolar blend of Aussie kitsch and Hollywood sentiment, which relies far too heavily on The Sound Of Music and brassy personalities.
This is a hugely entertaining Australian comedy-drama with terrific comic performances from a fine ensemble cast.
Hogan demonstrates a sure ear for droll dialogue and his script - while occasionally too broad for some audiences - is delivered with delirious panache by his up-for-it cast.
Wrong is wrong. And 'Mental' gets it wrong in too many ways.
Packed with fine performances, this attack on suburban conformity is surprising, darkly hilarious and cleverly leaves the insanity judgement to its audience.
The humour is sometimes used to hide the pain, while at other times the drama takes precedence and asks us to switch modes. This ambivalent approach is also evident in the differing styles of performance
There are laughs but not enough, and the moments of pathos do not come naturally
The jokes are obvious, ugly and unfunny. Periods on white couches, anyone?
Mental is the love child of Mary Poppins and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. It's an Australian cult-classic in the making.
It had me in its spell from start to finish and I ran the gauntlet of every possible emotion along the way. Outstanding.
A shrill, uneven affair that is light on laughs and populated with characters who either lack sympathy or deserve more of it...the story constantly tries to out-crazy itself.
It's not just a case of being poorly made, but being so misguided that it will simultaneously frustrate, disgust and bore audiences everywhere.
The crux of Mental's irksome inability to entertain is that a majority of its comedy scenes resolutely fail in their goal to change perceptions of psychiatric illness.
He did it so well the first time with MURIEL'S WEDDING and it's much lesser this time, I think. For me it didn't work on almost every level.
Although PJ Hogan professes that he's representing real life as he knows it on screen, for audiences he walks a fine line between the grotesque and the compassionate and for me, he succeeds, painfully but gracefully.
The intermittent one-liners can't sustain the film's overweight running time, its disjointed plotting and its several false endings.
If you are willing to go along with the darker comedy, the outrageous nature of many scenes will leave you laughing openly.
Mental's flaws are never fatal, and its commitment to an unhinged, sometimes episodic, contrast between the crass and the poignant is a welcome comeback from a filmmaker whose Hollywood sojourn became increasingly straitjacketed.
Taking its stylistic cues from its wild leading lady, this daring and darkly-hued comedy matches its subversive laughs with genuine heart.
Collette's performance anchors the film: it has a fierce, uncompromising quality that gives strength to the film's two interwoven tendencies - in-your-face comedy and emotional distress.
...due to a mortifyingly miscalculated lead performance and haphazard writing, Mental is often as funny as a burning orphanage.
This is clearly an aesthetic that [Hogan] adores, but the unbridled joie de vivre he specialises in has also resulted in a deeply indulgent, wildly unwieldy film that ultimately feels as schizophrenic as several of his characters.

@highlight

Mental is a well-acted black comedy that suffers from jarring tonal shifts and a lack of comic discipline.