Families have discovered how funny and how well this little film tells its King-sized holiday message: the only size that counts is how big your heart is.
While his plotting may leave a little to be desired, Favreau directs with speed, humour and efficiency.
Ferrell is a hoot. So is much of this witty holiday family entertainment, which, up until the end, when the "true spirit of Christmas" must be reaffirmed, happily favors slapstick over treacle.
Raise a glass of cheer to Ferrell and Favreau. They might not have created a full-scale holiday classic here, but they've certainly given us a fresh, sparkly new bauble to hang on our perennial tree.
Will Ferrell has the ability to turn those wide eyes and that big body into a potent comic weapon, so Elf gets a good number of laughs from his complete, innocent abandonment to his role as a lummox-size elf.
It was all very simple, but enough to remind me just what a generous and talented performer Will Ferrell truly is.
Elf is a Christmas comedy that's as sweet-natured and goofily amusing as its title character.
required viewing during the holiday season
All told, Elf is undeniably cute, but not destined to become a Christmas classic. Nevertheless, children will love it.
A gleeful, cracked fairytale.
Dressed in a snug green outfit throughout and dispensing decorations, sugary snacks and a beaming grin, Ferrell is the life and soul of an otherwise unexceptional Christmas celebration.
It would be Scrooge-like to say mean things about the innocuous Elf, so I'll just point out that director Jon Favreau's film rarely reaches its full comic potential.
Sure, Elf feels a little too feel-good at the end, but what do you expect? It's a Christmas movie! Anything else would be the cinematic equivalent of finding coal in your stocking.
The cast wrings laughs out of David Berenbaum's script as if it were a damp washcloth, but even they have trouble selling frenetic button-pushing as the Christmas spirit.
Feels like that rare instant Christmas classic.
A disarmingly funny holiday comedy.
The third act's a little clumsy, but Elf brings the Christmas cheer and loads of laughs.
Peppy holiday favorite for both kids and parents.
Elf may be no more than a pleasant, amusing trifle, a grin that fades well before Thanksgiving, but it also will endure in the way that all decent Hollywood-made Christmas fairy tales last, if they're rendered with good cheer and goodwill.
Despite the narrative flaws, "Elf" is a guiltless family comedy for all audiences...
A family-friendly, funny and heartwarming holiday film with a great heart that is well worth watching more than once.
Elf might be the last modern Christmas classic we see for a long time.
The sentiment gets a little sticky towards the end, but many will consider this the perfect antidote to traditional Christmas fare -- especially those with a fondness for Ferrell's comedy.
Delivers a warm, feel-good Christmas ending that will inspire the hope that even New York City can have Christmas spirit -- at least of the Hollywood kind.
Most will relate to its Christmas spirit, and there's unlikely to be a dry eye in the house during the emotional climax.
[An] amusing, sweet-natured ode to retro-Christmas warmth and cheer...
The result is a turkey.
The film soon bogs down in fake hugs and a fakier climax involving Santa (Ed Asner) and his downed sled.
A delightful, slapstick adventure about a naïve innocent, woefully ill equipped to handle the rigors of life inside any impatiently unforgiving metropolis.
Ferrell's man-child invites sympathy and sniggers, making this amusing despite some flimsy plotting. Sight gags and a Santa-centred story should keep the kids happy, too.
Some humour might sail over the heads of the very young, but there's a higher chuckle rate for the grown-ups than much dread 'family' fare.
Elf does such a great job of winning you over early on that you'll gladly endure it.
Exudes genuine holiday cheer.
For those of you with a belly laugh on your wish list, Christmas has come early this year.
This is a family picture that everyone should enjoy.
A charming, wholesome Christmas film with a lot of holiday spirit.
I love watching Ferrell do his gangly, clueless shtick, and even here, there's something inherently funny about just seeing him in a big, green elf suit. There's something inherently funny about Ferrell -- period.
I can't believe Gnome Alone with Will Ferrell is my third favorite Christmas movie.
Elf is no great gift, but it's cheery enough that you probably won't ask for your money back.
With that simple but solid premise, Elf begins a fun ride that combines some of the basic tenets of some of the best comedies and family films of the last few years.
With a little tweaking, this could be a horror film.
It's just good, clean fun.
Ferrell is lunatic perfect, skirting the sillier sentimentality of the story, while never missing an opportunity to indulge in its darker, more ridiculous excesses.
Like School of Rock, Elf is an unexpected but thoroughly delightful surprise.
Will Ferrell simply glows.
A hilarious holiday film in which Ferrell continues to play the same adorable, naive persona he's adopted as his shtick.
Against every odd imaginable... emerges as the little holiday film that could.
A sweet and sincere holiday tale about a perennial fish out of water.
Divertido e ingênuo, este é um filme que capta com eficiência o espírito do Natal.
How can you not love a guy who can say, "An elf's four major food groups are candy canes, candy CORNS, candy, and syrup," with a straight face?
Offensive instances of product placement put the lie to the idea that 'Elf' is more interested in promoting Christmas cheer than in collecting Christmas coin...
Such comedy is strained, to say the least; even Ferrell's usual hilarity -- so fearless, so physical -- is constrained by this overpowering sweetness theme.
A bright spot in the budding holiday movie season.
Elf will warm the heart with nostalgia, dazzle the eyes, tickle the funny bone, and make Christmas feel like it can't come fast enough.
A small-minded, often unfunny Christmas movie made out of spiteful consideration for audiences' money-spending powers . . . sugary, dross-covered crap.
Baby, it's cold outside, and we could all use a little Elf to get us through the holidays.
Even [Ferrell] can't save it from descending into holiday schmaltz at the end, but he fights to keep it funny.
Part of its charm is its old-fashioned visual appeal.
Big laughs in an Elf-sized package.
If you and yours see one film after your feast of pheasants make it this incredibly precious, delightfully sweet instant holiday classic Elf.
With Ferrell's charm, this knowing wink to the Yuletide fuzzies of yore survives the saccharine assault that claims most "family" films released between Nov. 1 and Christmas.
Supremely likeable, but it's content to be a prestigious variation of an Adam Sandler comedy rather than an inspired fantasy.
Will Ferrell's uninhibited physical comedy ignites this fish-out-of-water family film.
Elf has enough fun to let audiences relax and enjoy themselves.
It's a bracingly subversive story told with tongue firmly in cheek.
Audiences must have been VERY nice this year!
Director Jon Favreau keeps the film sincere and adult for most of the running time.
An early Christmas present for those who have begged Santa every year for a gift to replace Adam Sandler.
We had a few great laughs and the kids seemed to enjoy it.
That rarest of beasts: an extremely funny Christmas-themed family comedy with a great script and a performance of comedy gold from Will Ferrell.
This is a fun movie that starts off a little cutesy, but really gets funny once the 'elf out of water' concept kicks into full-gear.
Holiday comedy gives the talented Will Ferrell a chance to flail wildly -- yet warmly -- as a human raised by elves.
There is one joke here, and it is particularly loud.
...the film doles out Christmas warmth like a department store Santa handing out candy canes.
While sufficiently funny, charming and clever, Elf is no modern Christmas classic. But it will make Will Ferrell a bona fide star - and for good reason.
Buddy the elf, like high school killers Eric and Alex, feels that he doesn’t fit in.
Thankfully, it's never preachy -- though it does get a little gooey -- simply because in defining his own ideas of cool, Favreau is way too cool to preach.
...innocuous, child-friendly fare with some truly enjoyable elements sprinkled into a healthy batch of Christmas mediocrity. Kinda like cinematic fruitcake.
Elf proves that Christmas Spirit has indeed been replaced by commercialism.
Elf isn't a pre-fabricated piece of synthetic Christmas cheer like The Santa Clause or Gov. Schwarzenegger's disastrous Jingle All the Way.
Yes, Virginia, there is a reason to see Will Ferrell's new film. At least so long as you've got a preteen in tow.
The main part of the film is pretty lame, but there are some nice touches around the edges.
the cheesiest thing I've witnessed since Lara Croft rode a shark to the surface of the Mediterranean (in a good way!)
Berenbaum's script is as flaky as a handmade snowball but the sheer impishness of Ferrell's giddy on-screen persona seals the deal for the movie's wide-eyed off-kilter timing
From here on out, Elf is going to be a Christmas movie-watching tradition for me.
A movie that's so profoundly ridiculous that it has to be admired, if for no other reason other than its sheer willingness to run with its premise and take it to the end of the line.
Not only is Elf an above-average Christmas movie, but it's that rare flick that's be designed to appeal to all ages.
Filled to bursting with joy, creativity, and good cheer, Elf is one early Christmas gift that does not disappoint.
A movie made by people who really have their thinking caps on.
Well, the gloves are off this time around, for no matter how many different ways you look at it, former Saturday Night Live funnyman Will Ferrell's Christmas comedy Elf is a big lump of Yule tide coal.
Like all great holiday movies, Elf is a blend of humor and sweetness.
Ferrell's uncanny ability to project an all-consuming Christmas joy carries the day.
Engaging and offbeat.
Ferrell's stone-stupid sincerity keeps the action moving and irresistible, despite its familiarity.
Thanks to Ferrell, it's a tolerably sweet holiday treat.
Funny and intelligently made, a film for kids and adults that's both sweet and sardonic.
The film works not only as an innocuous family movie, but also as something of a hipster's pipe dream.
Thanks to the sweet purity of Ferrell's portrayal -- and the script's fresh approach to time-worn traditions involving Santa and the Christmas spirit -- Elf might just qualify as a holiday perennial.
Not only is Ferrell a total crack-up in his green-velvet doublet and yellow tights, he's also great at physical comedy.
If Christmas ran on laughs, Ferrell would have us up to our butts in sugar plums.
Ferrell, God love him, just keeps up that industrial-strength happy face, enthusing like a lunatic until the idiotic Buddy becomes the de facto top dog of every scene.
It's Ferrell's untethered turn as Buddy that makes Elf sparkle.
If you're one of those fussy filmgoers who demands that a movie engage somewhat higher body parts -- the heart, say, and the brain -- you'll find only intermittent comfort and joy in this high-concept, low-wattage film.
A resounding success in the laugh department, but it tries to warm hearts as well, and eventually collapses under the weight of its own sugarplum schmaltz.
A pleasantly old-fashioned, gee-whillikers Yuletide confection rescued from Schmaltz-ville by the subversive comic talents of Will Ferrell.
It's hilarious.
A delightful Christmas fable filled with candy-coated laughs for the whole family.
As an original family film for the holidays, it's fresh, timely and quite funny.
Say hello, kiddies, to the first big-hearted flick of the season. Time's up, so say goodbye and, be polite now, try to hide your mild disappointment.
While the idea behind Elf may be gleefully outlandish, unfortunately this holiday comedy fails to take full advantage of its own absurdity.
A hip, smart holiday film that is as surprising as it is predictable. That said, the best thing to do is sit back with a warm glass of eggnog and go along for the ride.
You'll laugh hard, you'll laugh often, and you'll leave wishing you still believed in Santa.
This charming little holiday comedy is the movie equivalent of comfort food.
New Line's Christmas gift for the ages -- timeless, touching and hilarious beyond all description.
The movie sets Ferrell's assaultive and juvenile physical comedy in a less-combative playground, and the result might leave the Ferrell-intolerant exiting the theater on a high.
It's a clumsy, tedious ride that wears out its welcome as it wears out the seat of your pants and the circulation in your lower limbs.
If you're looking for a spirit-of-the-season family film, this may jingle up some holiday cheer.
Like a tacky Wal-Mart sweatshirt bedecked with sequined snowmen... Elf is a Christmas tchotchke.
If we were ready to crown Ferrell a comedy king, we might want to reschedule the coronation.
Ferrell, in his first leading role, peppers every scene with manic outbursts and joyous exclamations...
Makes us believe that maybe Ferrell really was raised by elves.
Christmas candy should never be this stale... especially so early in the season.
For those of you with a belly laugh on your wish list, Christmas has come early this year.
Thankfully, it's good kitsch, an all-ages Christmas story that will actually appeal to people of all ages.
Falls short of a laugh riot but proves generally pleasing nonetheless.
Ferrell's natural ability to play the earnest, holy fool man-child, coupled with the immense slapstick potential of this 6-foot-plus oaf having been raised to act like one of Santa's teensy elves, makes for a central figure who is always fun.
Leaves a sour taste in the mouth and a Grinch-like resolve to sue the manufacturer.
Will Ferrell's elf-portrait is not only funny, but it has got a big heart, too.
It's irony-free fun for the whole family.
Short and sweet.
A charming little film about trying to fit in, and kids (not to mention most adults) will relate to feeling clumsy and out-of-place, as well as the desire to be loved for who we are and to have our talents recognized.
This is one of those rare Christmas comedies that has a heart, a brain and a wicked sense of humor, and it charms the socks right off the mantelpiece.
Ferrell provides just enough humor to get us through the familiar fare and enjoy the ride.
It wiped away the Scrooge in me for 90 enchanting minutes.
Elf is best when Ferrell is on- screen, relishing his character's fish-out-of-water status.
A Christmas story that's almost more entertaining for the grown-ups than it is for the kiddies.
Relentlessly silly holiday tale about a human raised by elves who travels to New York to find his long-lost father.
Cute and funny in parts, Elf should have been more.
The humor ranges from silly-sweet to actively arcane, and the schmaltzy stuff is offset by a hipness that could only come from the guy responsible for Swingers.
Curiously flaccid.
The best jokes earn the movie enough coasting time that the dry spells aren't so bad
Genuine awe and wonder, two crucial ingredients missing from most recent holiday comedies, are what makes Elf so much fun.
Worth seeing, for one simple reason: Will Ferrell.
Even when he's being a prize idiot, eating chewed gum stuck on a subway entrance or walking in front of a moving cab, Ferrell stays peculiarly endearing.
There's not an ounce of meat in this Christmas ham - it's just the usual hollow holiday hype from Hollywood.
A Saturday Night Live skit that goes on too long, a one-joke movie that's funny for a while but wears out its welcome.
Its message is unobjectionable, and there are a few laughs to be had, but too much of Elf is like Buddy's favorite meals: syrupy sweet.
Elf is by far the best effort by an SNL alum in many years.
Ferrell handily carries the movie.
Making this pay off without winking at the audience is a difficult task, and 'Elf' doesn't always feel all of a piece. But in 'Saturday Night Live' alumnus and star Will Ferrell, the film has a guide who steers it unerringly over the bumpy patches.
The first charming present of the holiday movie season.
A terrific movie, smart and funny enough to hold up at any time of year.
It's a close call for a while, but at the last moment the movie finally soars.
An enjoyably goofy yuletide tale of a towering innocent with a serious sugar addiction.
It is very smart, consistently very funny and, like the elevator ridden by our awestruck title character -- who wants to stop at every floor -- if you've got buttons to push, this movie will push 'em.
A charming, silly family Christmas movie more likely to spread real joy than migraine, indigestion and sugar shock.
Ferrell has found the ideal starring vehicle -- and it turns out to be Santa's sleigh.
Going up against the critically pelted The Matrix Revolutions, Elf may score mightily at the box office with its relative simplicity.
One of the jolliest, funniest, most deliriously whimsical family comedies we've seen in quite a while.
The result is a good-natured and good-hearted film that is actually better than the dopey trailers might lead you to otherwise believe.
One of the better Christmas films to come along in a while, proving that a smart director and capable actors can turn a rote story into a welcome gift.
Tells us to slow down, smell the flowers, make snow angels and have fun.
Not aspiring to be much more than a simple fish-out-of-water comedy, Elf is sweet and a little hokey -- and has the makings of a holiday classic.
Formulaic but lovable.
It's the sort of holiday treat even a Grinch would love.
While it gives in to sentimentalism at the end ... for most of its 95-minute running time Elf is a charming adrenaline rush of comedy.
The joys of Elf come in small packages and also in economy-sized ones six feet three inches tall.
The movie allows Favreau to gently tweak cutesy Mouse House production values without abandoning the concept, and it proves a splendid sandbox for his talents as director, actor and (who knew?) cartoonist.
A hairs' breadth away from becoming a Christmas classic, largely due to Ferrell's ferocious comedic instincts.
[A] wan Christmas concoction.
Even though [Ferrell] can't get naked or use naughty words, there's a devil of comedy in Ferrell, and he lets it out to play.
A feather-light motion picture that embraces the Christmas spirit, but, in the process, forgets that it's trying to be a comedy.
It's very difficult to recommend Elf
A cheerfully inoffensive cinematic bauble that may be no more durable than a tree ornament but should charm the parents and kids who will flock to it.
Favreau has created a cinematic Christmas gift, and Will Ferrell delivers it in a big, goofy, colorful, and fun package.
Buddy the elf's inherent kindheartedness and selfless good intentions are the saving-grace elements that Ferrell's performances have always been missing.
Buddy's happiness is out of place in New York City, and rather than simply laugh at it, I think deep down we all wish more people could be like him.
Between Will Ferrell's loveable klutziness and Jon Favreau's knowing-when-enough-is-enough direction, it's a big, silly, warm-hearted Christmas season winner of a comedy.
The one thing we know is that Will Ferrell will take any chance possible to get a laugh in a movie and it works well here.
It has much better writing, directing, and acting than the Tim Allen Christmas films and the characters are just plain more likable.
It shouldn't come as a surprise that Ferrell's insane performance almost saves the show.
One of the year's best comedies, right up there with Finding Nemo, A Mighty Wind and School of Rock.
A hilariously funny and absolutely precious family film, Elf is lots of fun even if you don't have any kids to take along.
The sweet-natured outsider fantasy neither skimps on nor overplays its sentimentality.
While the words 'instant holiday classic' might be pushing it, Elf is at the very least a breezily entertaining, perfectly cast family treat.
Ferrell's goofy innocence and gung-ho sense of the pratfall. . . is without guile and so full of good humor [he's] a walking Christmas carol in the home of the Bronx cheer
Ferrell proves himself an absolute comedic genius.
Yes, the story is truly silly, but it maintains a timeless quality that lets us suspend our cynical disbelief.


@highlight

A movie full of Yuletide cheer, Elf is a spirited, good-natured family comedy, and it benefits greatly from Will Ferrell's funny and charming performance as one of Santa's biggest helpers.