It isn't brilliant, outrageous and challenging. But it is pretty and occasionally fun. So go for the first half, then leave.
The film is a fiercely original, bold and riveting meditation on the future of the silver screen and the stars that make it shine.
In these hyper-dissociative times, [The Congress] may be just what the doctor ordered.
It flits between hallucinatory animation and 'reality', giving small moments of relief and attempting to anchor the story in a desolate Los Angeles.
Ari Folman's follow up to the impressive Waltz With Bashir is bold, daringly different and visually arresting, but it's also a bit too much.
Both sci-fi and metacinematic documentary, The Congress is a hallucinatory vision of our new wired world - and yet for all its overt artifice, it locates a sense of loss that feels all too real.
Some provocative ideas are left unfulfilled in this visually dazzling indictment of Hollywood and technology.
Folman makes one phantasmagorical leap after another, adding a live-action coda, but the visual freedom doesn't expand the story, it abandons it.
Weird sci-fi film that mixes together animation with live action.
Crucial to Folman's vision of the material is Wright's star turn, and the baggage that she brings.
It's an intensely frustrating film, one that veers between excellent and silly in the space of seconds.
The weighty ideas are welcome, but Folman dumps them on us in bucketfuls of alphabet soup.
With more disciplined writing and editing, Folman's cartoon menagerie could have resembled a masterpiece. As it stands, it's an admirable and thought-provoking failure.
A one-of-a-kind vision of the way we live now and a warning shot across the bow of a society slowly submerging itself in technology.
The Congress loses direction when it becomes an animation ( ... ) Israeli director Ari Folman (Waltz With Bashir) at least delivers a unique take on an industry that's not always this keen to be so introspective.
While it's certainly a great if wildly inconclusive work of style, [Robin] Wright always pulls it back to being, ultimately, about what human beings feel.
A great cast gives it their all but are sampled one time too many by Ari Folman's sci-fi monster.
One of the oddest movies about movies in a long time.
The anger drains out of the picture, and we watch in a state of passive appreciation and indifference.
It boasts big ideas that it wants us to mull over, but Folman's labyrinthine film doesn't so much discuss them in any cohesive way as much as it just points them out.
It's a drama, it's a cartoon. It's playful and sad, satirical and moving. All these things and a chaotic visual feast as well.
The film begins a stinging critique of Hollywood's less admirable qualities ... It becomes a lament for humanity's inability to deal with the hardships of life and the world.
Folman has so much to say, and he does it in ways that are smart and beautiful, creating a work that evokes intense emotions that are, at times, difficult to define.
An acquired taste, this dense Jabberwocky-ish word salad is a political allegory about a populace that's been pharmaceutically duped into believing its wretched world is wonderful.
A half-live-action, half-animated headtrip that throws Robin Wright into a dizzying showbiz paradigm shift.
A dystopian blend of live-action and animation that acidly comments on some of Hollywood's touchiest issues before drifting off into an existential fog.
It's almost painful to watch the immense promise of "The Congress," Ari Folman's spectacularly ambitious experiment, dissipate into nothing.
It's like Folman took several different genres-Hollywood satire, speculative dystopian fiction, family melodrama-and fused them into something amorphous and nebulous.
"The Congress" is a roll call of the orgiastic pleasures and bountiful comforts that art provides, and, a reminder of what waits for us when we leave the theater.
...flirts with greatness, even if it doesn't quite attain it.
There's something to be said for a movie that manages to baffle and dazzle in equal measure. If Daffy Duck had taken up political and media theory, his brain might look like this.
Intriguing story about what it would be like to live in a post-avatar world.
a fascinating study in self, and what we think of when we contemplate who we are.
Ambitiously trippy and compulsively watchable ...
"The Congress" becomes as frustrating and expensive-looking as "Cloud Atlas." Try to follow it and you may feel abandoned in a maze.
The Congress will thrill some but proves more often to be frustrating and lacking in emotion, especially when it comes to Wright. Even a sex scene feels devoid of passion.
While always detailed in its visual execution, each new aspect of the film's world remains conceptually hollow, growing ultimately into a Matrix-style allegory for the nature of truth ...
...The Congress falls victim to heavy-handed flip-flopping as it struggles to incorporate themes like family values and true love into a tacky Hollywood fable full of explosive action and signifying little.
The movie is a howl of pain at the technological and corporate takeover of our fantasy lives - and, increasingly, our real lives.
It spirals into logy animated nonsense.
Long on vision but short on coherence, this live-action/animation dyad boasts a stranger kind of duality: As it unspooled, I felt I'd never seen anything quite like it before... and already I was fantasizing about a tighter, less self-serious remake.
Busting with ideas, from ageism in Hollywood to the soullessness of digital life.
Like its actress, it's an ambitious knockout that doesn't quite live up to its potential
It's a folly of the first order, but one that many people will nonetheless want to see, if only because it's so out there.
If Folman's script is choppy - it doesn't help having Jon Hamm on retainer as a character who does nothing but explain a confusing world to [Robin] Wright/us - it is smoothed out, as much as it can be, by its star.
[Wright] comes through with flying colours, confidently carrying all the live action sequences on her shoulders.
Jettisoning a connection to anything concrete, Folman, who started his career in documentaries, loses his narrative moorings.
Beyond the recurring symbol of her son's red kite, there's little to connect Wright to this hallucinogenic animated space where disgruntled citizens are free to pass as the persona of their choice.
As executed by writer-director Ari Folman, the concept is tidy, superficially clever, and almost defiantly irrelevant.
The animated dreamworld of the second half is a wonderfully colourful and bizarre place, but so confusing that it is hardly credible that consumers of the future are going to want to pay money to spend time there.
The psychedelic second section derails the finished product somewhat but it's never less than absorbing. Cult classics have evolved from less.
Fiercely original and wildly ambitious, this provocative drama is often thrilling simply because it's like nothing ever put on-screen.
Folman uses the live action half of his film to champion real acting over motion capture; it's almost fitting that The Congress loses our interest as soon as it drifts into the ethereal.
Viewers of a certain age may feel the urge to remove a black vinyl disc from the screen, place it on the turntable and roll fragrant herbs on the brightly coloured surface.
A beautiful looking, occasionally brilliant, outrageously indulgent trip.
Nearly 30 years into her film career, Robin Wright is finally coming into her own, and it's something to see.
The humour here is dark and incisive, with an especially bold turn by Wright, who bears the brunt of some very harsh dialogue.
Offers a sprawling, eye-popping psychedelic trip into the moral dilemmas of the digital age.
An alluring curio, a protest against the digital frontier which gets stuck with a knotty internal paradox ...
The Congress hinges on big ideas, but falls apart under light scrutiny; your enjoyment of it will depend on how much you care about the actual mechanics of the world it creates.
Epitomised by Max Richter's beautiful but humourless score, The Congress is a mess of fascinating ideas that are drawn and quartered by the emotions attached to them.
The result is a film of two halves, though possibly more.
Ari Folman examines our relationship with cinema and takes a satirical swipe at Hollywood in this stunning and stimulating sci-fi fantasy which combines live action with animation.
The animation work here doesn't look much more interesting than the average laptop screensaver.
This is satire with only a touch of lightness and that's mainly in the dazzling, retro animation which turns Tom Cruise (another of Green's 'properties') into little more than a row of big pearly white teeth.
Awkward and pretentious but also provocative and pertinent.
A fascinating and visually impressive intellectual helter-skelter ride, but the lack of narrative coherence lets down its promising sci-fi concepts and satire.
Featuring a career-best performance from Robin Wright and some tremendously twisted animation, The Congress is a weird and wonderful sci-fi satire that maybe shoehorns more ideas than it knows what to do with.
If you're looking to take a "trip" but shun chemical agents, this partly animated journey into another dimension may be for you.
The Congress is where brutal reality meets impossible fantasy, Tex Avery meets Studio Ghibli, and director Ari Folman meets actress Robin Wright, resulting in, at the very least, a truly unique cinematic experience.
The sensory overload and thematic bludgeoning reach a point of deadening, diminishing returns.
A film so rich in texture, depth of emotion, and subtext that it feels a bit wrong to review it after only a single viewing.
It's hard to believe that I even understood all its themes, because there were many, and this likely exists as an endeavor that needs to be watched on multiple viewings to gauge and comprehend all its profound messages. I'm okay with that.
The Congress frequently feels way too ponderous, as though Folman were sure he was saying something important with this film, and didn't want anyone to miss any of it.
One of the most startling uses of the animated medium to come along in years.
A beautifully drawn curio, The Congress often stacks its industry and tech fears too densely to provide a satisfying film experience or social commentary.
As a performance piece, spectacle, drama, comedy, heady sci-fi, and cautionary tale, it's an across the board success.
'The Congress' widens the possibilities of filmmaking -- and in doing so, is as pro-cinema as it is anti-Hollywood.
...if you're half-distracted all the time, you might be impressed by some of the interesting ideas in this film and be able to ignore what an overall mess it is.
The Congress asks profound questions about performance and identity, especially how the former might distort our perception of the latter, and of reality in general.
We've seen all of the film's elements before, but this combination of them is heady and new.
Folman ... is a master at exploiting diverse animated styles, and draws a brave starring performance from a performer who, in her mid-40s, seems to be just hitting her stride.
A startling, beguiling rumination on the slipperiness of mortality and the methods we create to escape the inescapable.
I'm impressed with this live-action/animated hybrid, but not as engaged as I'd hoped, though I'm pretty sure it merits further contemplation.
While the sociopolitical aspects of the film are undeniably interesting, it's an entertaining but ultimately uneven and unfulfilling experience at best.
imagines a future in which all actors have been reduced to manipulable digital data, and explores the cost imposed upon our sense of history and identity by a virtual world where the image rules and desires are instantly - if emptily - fulfilled.
A hugely ambitious film reminiscent of The Matrix and the works of Terry Gilliam while also carving out its own apocalyptic sci-fi space.
The Congress plays to our fears, perhaps ironically, with hindsight affecting our view of it as a piece of social commentary too?
Ari Folman takes a determined stride into the past with this dizzying, disjointed, always fascinating live action-animation hybrid
a hallucinatory trip through a cityscape of the imagination, it also allegorises our own very real relationship with the mythopoeic worlds of cinema (from which this film quotes with relentless, voracious postmodernism) or of the internet
a magnificent triumph, a half-fantasy-half-nightmare that combines animation and live action to shine a light on how we look at ourselves, and perhaps will going forward, as technology continues to engulf our lives.
Perhaps uneven in the long run, The Congress is inventive and gorgeously unreal, always keeping the viewer interested in the final destination of this unusual journey.
Unfortunately, this playful yet serious and occasionally quite moving drama bites off far more than it can chew.
There's something exhilarating -- mesmerizing, even -- about The Congress's most ludicrous flourishes.
Ari Folman is a filmmaker determined to make movies his own way
...commits to Big Ideas of identity and integrity with Robin Wright remarkably anchoring it all as, well, herself. (Sort of.)
It really is a difficult film to categorize because while there is an exuberance to it and a love of film on display... it's certainly unique and displays more boldness and giddiness than we expect to see from any other film in Cannes.
It hunts high and low for the human element in a virtual world. And yet for all its modish gestures, there is something endearingly retro about Folman's handling.

@highlight

The Congress rises on the strength of Robin Wright's powerful performance, with enough ambitious storytelling and technical thrills to overcome its somewhat messy structure.