Douglas has always been at his best when he's playing someone with no scruples... Unfortunately, not even he can do anything about the message feeling distinctly one-note.
A worthwhile watch even if an overlooked film.
There's no likeability anywhere in this film.
The film begins and ends with scenes of acute existential reflection, a state actors rarely convey convincingly-least of all in a contemporary American film.
Douglas has a good supporting cast to work with though -- he's not the whole show despite appearing in every scene.
Gripping drama about getting older; with drinking, sex.
Michael Douglas gives his most accomplished and satisfying peformance in a decade (since Wonder Boys in 2000), playing a role that suits him like a silk glove.
full review at Movies for the Masses
A walking, talking screenplay.
Koppelman?s script is awash in phony scenarios.
A terrific turn by Douglas, and strong support, elevates this character-driven drama above its unlikeable protagonist.
The film's knotty relationships and crisp dialogue are surpassed only by Douglas' captivating turn as a troubled heel whose pathetic behavior fools no one, least of all himself.
... [Michael] Douglas never drops the charm or the confidence, his greed or lust or simple arrogance pumping up beyond caring when confronted with his own sleaze.
It became such a bore that I found myself watching a 60-year-old man and repeatedly saying, Will you just grow up? It's just sad.
A bit too-neatly designed as The Ultimate Michael Douglas Experience, it's an irresistible one-man show of arrogant entitlement and aching vulnerability.
It's a fascinating character study isolated within a mediocre film.
Yet more proof that Michael Douglas can do anything he pleases so long as he's playing a jerk.
Nobody does oily like Michael Douglas.
Douglas gives a tour de force performance here and the rest of the cast is excellent as well. While I couldn't really buy Kalmen's behavior based on his motivations, Douglas does a tremendous job of selling this character anyway.
As much as Ben Kalmen is a terrific part for Douglas, it's a part that needs him more than he needs it.
How to root for Michael Douglas' lost soul
'Solitary Man' is to Michael Douglas as 'Crazy Heart' is to Jeff Bridges: a tailored showcase about a faded but unruly minor-league celebrity who's reluctant to trade his unhealthy horndog ways for what movie publicists like to call a shot at redemption.
Thanks particularly to smart dialogue and an Oscar worthy performance by Douglas, 'Solitary Man' is a charismatic 90 minutes of drama as we observe a man determined to self destruct.
Michael Douglas could read the telephone book and it would be entertaining. He gives an acting clinic in this character study of a despicable womanizer. The bottom line is an unforgettable lead performance that stays with you long after the...
Like his father Kirk, Michael Douglas is master at playing a repellent jerk.
Compared to Ben Kalmen, the aggressively amoral former car dealer Douglas portrays in Solitary Man, Gekko is an upright guy.
The empty guy at the beginning of this movie is pretty much the same empty guy by its end.
The comedy-drama is too downbeat for its own good, and the character is self-destructive and unsavory to the point of being completely unsympathetic.
Wicked, blunt writing, a great supporting cast and Douglas doing variations of other sleazy womanizers he's played make this a tart, terse treat.
If the ongoing meltdown of an obnoxious a**hole's three-quarter-life crisis is your idea of a good time, have at it.
A master of the cinematic masters of the universe, Douglas has inadvertently become our tour guide through the bloodlust of the American careerist. If he can't help us understand the pathology, no one can.
The actors are all charged up, too; there's just nowhere in this script for them to go.
You'd think Michael Douglas has played the charming cad on screen once too often, but damned if he doesn't pull it off once more in grand style.
In trying to make Kalmen's story unique, the film inadvertently exposes him as the most typical sufferer of midlife crises you could imagine.
It's a smart, funny film that flirts with the edge.
It's a highly unpleasant film about a highly unpleasant protagonist, but "Solitary Man" is worth seeing, mostly thanks to one big performance from Douglas
Solitary Man may be about a man who has found himself on his own, but it features one of the best ensemble performances of the year. Don't miss it.
Though this drama by writer-director Brian Koppelman hardly measures up to Wonder Boys, it comes a lot closer than King of California.
Written by Brian Koppelman ("Rounders," "Ocean's 13," etc.) and directed by Koppelman and writing partner David Levien, "Solitary Man" is, yes, a wonderful showcase for Douglas in a role comparable to the disreputable professor he played in Curtis Hanson'
Wry and melancholic, Solitary Man recalls Wonder Boys as a character-study showcase worthy of Douglas' ability.
Solitary Man is the type of thought-provoking film that should be released in over 3,000 theaters. Michael Douglas and the supporting cast deliver great performances.
All about Douglas, and he delivers like he knows it.
It's a pretty good version of this sort of movie, but do you need to see this sort of movie again?
Has an unwavering focus of a flawed but interesting character and a solid performance from Douglas as a charmer who's skated by for too long.
Nobody does sagging male vanity as well as Douglas. Buoyed by director Brian Koppelman's sharp script and a stellar supporting cast, he makes Ben's skid into the ditch mesmerizing.
Michael Douglas is at his best when playing a character at his worst.
Well, it's official - nobody's better at playing narcissistic megalomaniac rich guys than Michael Douglas.
Why do we keep watching this sad, sad man? Because he's ecstatic as long as he avoids facing reality, and Douglas makes that ecstasy a marvelous thing to behold.
In its scruffy, take-me-or-leave-me way, it deserves attention.
[Douglas] brilliantly shows how Ben transitioned from a salesman to a cad, while all along being just a sheep in wolf's clothing.
By the fourth time Michael Douglas wakes up hungover and shirtless on a sour double bed, we get it: he's old. Can we move on?
The film is all about Ben Kalman, but one of the strengths of Michael Douglas' performance is that he isn't playing a character. He's playing a character who is playing a character.
This enigmatic dramedy is an actor's showcase, if there ever was one, representing a beacon of quality in a summer filled with popcorn pictures.
This sinner is just surrounded by too many saints.
Douglas is terrific, delivering one of the best performances of his career.
Basically a character study, and Douglas brings the character vividly to life.
The role is so tailor-made for Douglas, who has put in years of screen time on the horizontal, that the rest of the story has to fit in around him, leaving scant room for maneuver.
the role is suitable only for a titan, and that's exactly what it gets.
Sparkling showcase for Michael Douglas as a disgraced businessman attempting a comeback but brought down by his libido. A strong supporting cast and a witty script almost compensate for a facile finale.
[Douglas'] performance finds and holds that crucial harmony between fearful thoughts and the foolhardy deeds they motivate.
Douglas reveals himself as a veteran actor, familiar from dozens of other movies over the last 40 years, who's still capable of doing his best work; who can still surprise us.
A sharp, small-scale comedy of male misbehavior that turns out to be one of this dreary spring's pleasant cinematic surprises.
Strictly mid-level assembly line product, designed to ride entirely on the modest marquee value of second-tier or past-prime stars.
A riveting drama about the plight of a 60 year old who seeks to avoid death and stay forever young.
There's something sad about Kalmen, too, a poignant layer beneath his swagger that Douglas brings to the role.
Douglas' juiciest vehicle since Wonder Boys.
Koppleman and his co-director, David Levien, hit the right tone early -- empathetic yet brutally honest -- and Douglas' absorbing, minutely detailed performance sustains it.
There's the honest sleaziness of Kalmen's character. There's the camerawork, which is unblinking. And there's the story itself, which while offering perhaps too pat an explanation, provides few excuses and no easy end.
Solitary Man gives Douglas a chance to act, not merely posture or show off for the camera. It's some of the finest, least forced work he has done in years.
You want to like this Solitary Man. But finally, you're better off without him.
This lucid and darkly comic character study gives us Michael Douglas in top form.
Douglas' performance should not take anything away from this terrific cast.
Solitary Man intends to be shocking, and has been rewarded with some respectful reviews. But ticket buyer beware -- the film's real shocker is its unpleasantness.
The bumps in the narrative can be jarring, but Douglas never makes a false move, delivering a tour de force in human weakness.
Solitary Man is a movie about watching a guy spin his wheels while figuring things out. Douglas has that down pat, selling us the best smarm money can buy, and his scenes with DeVito, Parker and Sarandon are perfect dances of evasion and acceptance.
Rich dialogue and uniformly strong performances ensure it's an intelligent, entertaining movie for adults.
Douglas makes all the contrivances feel like universal, soul-testing dilemmas. He encourages the audience to lean in and watch him close, to pick up a few tips on how to look cool while melting down.
More aphoristic than explorative, Solitary Man takes for granted the audience's interest in mapping a star's reckoning with his persona onto a sensational but shallow script.
Michael Douglas surges ahead in Solitary Man with the best work he's done in the decade since Wonder Boys.
A truly impressive portrait of self-destructive, smooth-talking alpha males, and a testament to an actor who waltzes across that Peter Pan-syndrome tightrope with the greatest of sleaze.
The movie is slow, talky and takes time getting started. Often it seems like an infinite amount of sound and fury, signifying nothing. But the uniformly terrific acting by the attractive cast keeps it meritorious.
The film courageously shows its reprobate hero sliding further, not redeeming himself.
Early on in this nifty little film, a young man calls Michael Douglas' character a "dickwad". Guy's got a point.
The Boyfriend Experience. And a sex villain so over the top, that even Douglas keeps him at arm's length. While giving no evidence of his supposed irresistible powers over women, in reality always money or fame, neither of which can be claimed here.
It offers audiences the pleasures of a screenplay whose every acerbic line is firmly rooted in character, and it hands Michael Douglas one of his best roles in years.
A terrific cast can't salvage a downer story about an arrogant heel.
A sour, self-satisfied dramedy possessing the same embarrassing chutzpah as its cocky-dinosaur seducer.
They aren't making a movie about the comic misadventures of a lovable scalawag. Just the opposite...a daring, downbeat message...Douglas does some of his best work in years.
It's smoothly written and smartly paced, and Michael Douglas is riveting.
I think Michael Douglas is terrific in this.
...with the always interesting Douglas in the driver's seat, you can't help but be drawn into the mind and actions of a character who refuses to face up to his limitations.
Good film.
Let's just say that I'm sure Douglas found sections of the script uncomfortable. It's a superb performance in a substantial drama of self-destruction, playing brilliantly off of Douglas's bumpy life experience.
A mature, dialogue- and character-driven dramedy with a Michael Douglas performance to die for.
...a low-key character study that's primarily held aloft by Douglas' expectedly ingratiating performance...



@highlight

Built around a singularly unpleasant main character, Solitary Man needed a flawless central performance to succeed -- and Michael Douglas delivers.