For my money, The Ides Of March -- with its dark view of human nature and satisfyingly twisty plot -- is one of the most entertaining films ever made about the political process.
In all, The Ides of March is watchable, but not a must-see.
As a director, [George Clooney] has never been more self assured, giving this political morality play the pacing of a gut-wrenching thriller.
Real shame about the ending, but the rest of the movie is just marvelous.
The fault lies not in the stars, but in a script than underestimates us.
A well-told tale of filthy politics and betrayal; a virtuoso hat trick (writing, directing, and starring) by George Clooney. It almost makes you wish he'd stop acting and run for office.
It's ultimately less political thriller or election allegory than morality play in partisan dress.
Despite the puddles, it all seems a little too clinical. It's Giamatti and Hoffman who turn up to chew the scene, intensely yet effortlessly, and it's only too bad the narrative relegates them to the sidebar.
Only an innocent high-schooler could be scandalized by the film's depiction of backroom cynicism.
Why is this sleek, well-crafted movie almost impossble to get excited about?
A brilliant political thriller about strategy, loyalty and idealism that is willing to unmask candidates who build their campaigns on slogans, not policies.
Well-produced and well-acted middlebrow entertainment, a political "expose" that will shock only pearl-clutchers and naive dopes.
A gripping, political thriller packed with tremendous performances and supremely confident direction by George Clooney.
George Clooney officially passes the impish matinee idol torch to Ryan Gosling in this smart, hella-cool (does Clooney waste his time on any other kind of movie these days?) political drama.
George Clooney's latest civics lesson as actor and director, is a down and dirty politics-behind-closed-doors tale...brilliantly acted
If the film had been able to get off the ground earlier, this probably would have been a great film. However, with its excellent performances, well-written screenplay, and engaging story, it's still a very good film.
The entire first two thirds of the film have the calm idiosyncratic qualities of a mellowed-out Mamet.
The Ides of March boils down to a big breast-beating session within the Democratic caucus
Modern-day Game of Thrones
While the eventual awful revelations might shock liberals who believe the absurdly sunny West Wing to be a documentary, anybody with a shard of cynicism in their heart will react with an unsurprised shrug.
Like Clooney's straightforward and unflashy directorial style, The Ides of March proves to be an effective drama.
"The Ides of March" is a solid film, but it could have been better if it challenged the audience more than it does.
It has disdain for the process, showing the inherent hypocrisy living inside the political system and the corruptive influence it can have on the lives and mores of seeming innocents caught up within its withering whirlpools of self-aggrandizement.
A rehash of a recent political phenomenon dressed up to seem more daring than it actually is.
Ironically, one ends up feeling both skeptical and cynical about this movie that wants to have it both ways but, instead, ends up just as deeply cynical and flawed as its characters and the system it seeks to expose.
It's clear the Ides of March is about the nuts and bolts of politics.
... A political thriller that concerns itself more with issues of loyalty and trust than advancing a particular agenda.
It's politics. How many times do we say that in our work lives or in reference to an organization with which we are involved?
Yet another fantastic performance from Ryan Gosling, in what has turned out to be his breakout year that elevates him to the top rank of actors.
The twists and shocks of this story are delivered with emotional precision, each one landing like a heavy punch to the stomach, making every minute crackle with intensity.
I'd strongly urge you to hand over a $10 donation and support The Ides Of March. It has my endorsement!
I left the theater feeling I had gotten exactly what I'd expected, but wishing I'd seen a crazier movie, one where those twin Iagos, Giamatti and Seymour Hoffman, had done more than worry in the wings.
I'm so convinced that Clooney will eventually make his Huge, Important Film About American Politics that it's odd to me he's made this one: his small, entertaining film about American politics.
As a portrait of power, hubris and the systematic corruption of integrity, The Ides of March makes for compelling viewing. It's well-crafted, wonderfully scored and solidly acted across the board.
A terrific political drama that growls with low tension and the cynicism of the disillusioned.
Like the charming, inoffensive candidate with some great ideas and an impressive brains trust...[it's] more than capable of spouting some mildly-inspirational truisms about the nature of politics and looking good in a suit while saying them.
se proideazei gia kati poly perissotero dramatiko kai epikindyno, kai to problhma ths einai oti de katafernei na to ylopoihsei
Engrossing, immensely relevant and completely timely, The Ides of March is a triumph for all concerned
A gripping political drama in which loyalty, principles and integrity tumble like a house of cards when betrayals alter perceptions
Wallows in fashionable cynicism
What it lacks in sheer insight it makes up for in bravura.
There's even a scene where a couple making love start laughing, because in the background on TV is Clooney himself... the very man who's directing them on the other side of the camera. What a strange brew that is!
All the back stabbing and double dealing in the film is depressing and uninspiring. Nevertheless, I was impressed with the dialogue, the acting and overall slick way this film was crafted.
A dryly gripping thriller, as intelligent, professional and well-groomed as its director-star. Just don't expect to learn anything new.
It's an intelligent, consistently involving thriller with the kind of unexpected melodramatic events that crop up in all US elections.
Clooney and cast are an absolute triumph, but even their solid and engaging performances can't mask the serviceable but thin and unremarkable plot that links them.
It's never quite as clever as it thinks it is, but ace performances from some of Hollywood's brightest talents, plus some tight plotting, make The Ides Of March a nailbiting affair.
A meaty, enjoyable adult movie especially if you still miss a regular visit to The West Wing.
For anyone craving an intelligent tale, told without cinematic gizmos, The Ides of March is likely to get the bums-on-seat vote.
The acting is heavyweight, as are the moral questions about the personal cost of serving the greater good that propel the story with an unstoppable force.
A marvellously stable thriller that squeezes you so expertly you react in all the ways it wants.
You could set your watch by The Ides of March, George Clooney's sleek potboiler about soured idealism, spin and dirty secrets.
A dark drama that gleams with pure quality.
With a few surprises and twists, plus snappy dialogue and performances, this is a treat for audiences prepared to concentrate and think.
Tight as a drum and smooth as a snakeskin suit, this is a movie that harks back to golden days of the conspiracy thriller yet remains totally credible as a chronicle of ruthless political ambition.
Clooney and Gosling will poll well in this sleek peek at how politicians really get elected, staged with a smart nod to the classic conspiracy yarns of yesteryear.
It's hardly revolutionising the world of political drama with its tale of sacrificed ethics and systemic corruption, but you can't deny it's competence.
Entertaining while you're watching it but, as deceptive as a party's election promises, there's less to it than meets the eye.
A smart, sharp take on the compromises, sacrifices and dirty tricks it takes to compete on a high-stakes political playing field.
Smartly directed and featuring terrific performances from a top-notch ensemble cast, this is an engaging and occasionally gripping political drama ...
Ides of March throws up the question of whether America is, despite its progressive rhetoric, an immature democracy in hoc to monstrous priggishness.
Ryan Gosling is astonishing in this thrilling and timely - if also bleak - political allegory, which skilfully reflects Obama-era disappointment and also functions as a concise riff on morality, role models and the dangers of idealism.
The world of politics provides all the drama-and satiric fodder-any filmmaker could ask for. And even though the public has shown indifference to such movies in recent years, Hollywood keeps making them...
... the dynamite cast ... smoothes the clichés off the characters.
Director Clooney's decision to shoot a majority of the film in close ups pays big dividends. With nothing else to take away your attention, you are focused on every word...every nuance...every hint of false flattery or earnest appreciation.
George Clooney is fast becoming a better film director than film actor (and he's good at that, too).
The plot is somewhat theatrical, but the stellar cast brings it to life.
a cynical political fable for increasingly cynical times
Never seems quite the film this aggregation of talent suggests it should have been.
Another Clooney effort that proves he is a better director than actor
It's one of the better films you'll see this year even if you won't necessarily like what you'll see from these characters who are trying to run our country.
A high-class political potboiler with a superb cast is still a potboiler, even when it's co-written and directed by George Clooney.
An engaging, well-acted and very entertaining political thriller, but doesn't have a whole lot to say about its ostensible subject.
Although the film recycles many familiar plot devices found in other politically driven films, The Ides of March utilizes them well, thanks mainly to the strong cast.
Not entirely benefited by its director, whose instincts are far too safe... and a little too ready for the Oscar spotlight to do anything actually clever.
What the film may lack in profundity, it more than makes up for in well-crafted, smart thrills, with a first rate ensemble of performers.
A minefield of awards and recognitions. I'm prepared to make book on it!
This is Clooney in high civic Syriana mode, telling us that we should stay involved and informed even though the system is hopelessly compromised and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
One of the year's most intensely chilling films.
lean, stark, and to the point [with] respect for the way conversations are conducted, the smiling insincerity of professionals working for and against each other has the steely toughness that makes loyalty the most elusive and most desired of qualities
Et tu, Clooney?! For a film by an avowed liberal, 'Ides' couldn't be more defeatist or conservative ... With friends like Clooney trumpeting the liberal cause, who needs enemies?
The Ides of March is satisfying and frustrating in equal measure; just mark it down as a split ticket.
"The Ides of March" is entertaining even if suspense barely builds and pay-off revelations come with little surprise.
Clooney ably directs an exceptional cast in award-deserving performances. It's a treat to watch Hoffman, Giamatti, Gosling, and Clooney himself.
The Ides of March is a gorgeously shot character study filled with wonderful performances ably structured by Clooney. I only wish all these ingredients had come together for a more compelling cause.
Well paced, intelligent, and showing us the even dirtier side of politics.
Every actor is at the top of his or her game; these are great performances all around.
It's bitterly entertaining to watch a man struggle to retain his soul, but if you decide to see it then it'll be less for that than because you're a fan of one or more of this respectable group of actors.
This is a thrilling film in so many ways, much of which evolves from our sense that we simply can't see where it's going to end up, and how it's going to get there...
Loses its way in the mundane by just beating a dead horse.
this film reveals how sleazy and smarmy the American political system can be
The Ides of March has star-power on its side, with Clooney and Gosling in the leads, but even if people are attracted to theaters by their presence they're not likely to leave feeling satisfied...
While the story itself takes some tense turns, Clooney's moralizing doesn't, leaving us with a bit of a campaign hangover.
To make this out to be a movie about politics is like making The West Wing out to be a show about politics. It's certainly there, but it isn't really the focus. This is really a film about moral compromise, and the deterioration of a man's soul.
Ides of March is a damn fine film, one of the year's strongest, boasting powerful performances and an emotional wallop, but it would have been even better had it had something more daring to say.
Skip this one and rent The Candidate, which still feels sharper and more contemporary than The Ides of March."
At its best, the film is like a political version of Sweet Smell of Success, another movie where the corruption was so rampant it gleamed.
Subtle yet supple, and more evidence that Clooney isn't just another pretty face.
As for Clooney, when he steps from behind the camera, his candidate exudes an easy, judicious authority.
This is intelligent filmmaking, and a provocative moral fable. It may not be perfect, but it stands as one of the better, most realistic movies about the way we elect our leaders.
From the film's ideological vantage point, moderate Democrats are Machiavellian devils, and Republicans are an inconceivable evil looming on a distant horizon, like the White Walkers in Game of Thrones.
A reasonably entertaining drama that holds your attention, even if it doesn't tell you anything new.
The Ides of March is a well-made actors showcase and fine film. But it never finds that more.
A splendid cast carries this absorbing political thriller.
The Ides of March is a character study dressed up as a political thriller, and it's a terrific yarn.
The Ides of March is a masterfully written film with rapid-fire dialogue that has the intensity of a one-hundred minute action sequence.
Just about every other scene in the film is a simple pleasure unto itself between the equally confident writing, direction and performances.
Smart, cynical thriller deals in political excesses.
The Ides of March is a political junkie's dream come true.
Smart and as exciting as a thriller, with killer performances. Ryan Gosling is magnificent.
The performances are top-notch, and the craft and technical aspects of the film are impeccable... but it has nothing new to say about the political marketplace.
Moderately involving, but ultimately underwhelming...
Clooney generously makes this Ryan Gosling's show and the actor is more than up for it.
Even if Clooney's film is short on solutions, it's still a ticket that everybody, regardless of their political stripes, should be able to support.
Smart and solidly entertaining, thanks to one of the year's top ensemble casts working at the top of its game.
Clooney does a good job opening up the ideas Willimon first explored onstage, but the result is still a pessimistic truth so universally acknowledged that it doesn't bear repeating, however stylishly.
The Ides of March works as well as it does because of how it examines a world we all assume is corrupt and validates our opinions.
This political drama has a juicy tale that you have to see to believe.
It's great fun for us to see an entertaining movie we can watch without guilt.
The power being sought and the high stakes have even those with high ideals doing whatever it takes to survive and win. Does the end justify the means?
Smart, sour and engrossing, it's like a lost episode of "The West Wing" where CJ and Josh have a broken-bottle fight in Toby's office.
"The Ides of March" is a splendid cat-and-mouse game that has more than a few twists and turns.
The hard-hitting dialogue...keeps things humming as this splendid cast delivers in a big way. Gosling is simply terrific.
While there's nothing really new covered here -- something similar was addressed decades ago in 'The Candidate' -- just about everything regarding the film works. (Movie Review for Parents also available)
As slick and as smart as the well-oiled wheels of a polished campaign. Gosling soars, leading a brilliant ensemble, from Clooney's perfectly empty suit to Hoffman's rumpled one.
Barely works due to the sheer force of talent brought to it by the ensemble but it's not even close to the landslide victory that it should have been.
Filled with topnotch actors, punchy dialogue, sophisticated storytelling ... it has the kind of pedigree that begs for an Oscar. Unfortunately, it has nothing to say about politics that we haven't already heard.
Plays out like a game of high-stakes poker, mostly in shades of quiet, intense deliberation.
Clooney keeps trying to remind us we are watching a movie. Instead of sucking us in, he is sucking us out.
The Ides of March isn't a complete washout by any mean and it contains enough virtues to just about balance out its central conceptual flaw.
Almost a political drama of the caliber of Gore Vidal's "The Best Man," but it's not quite. However, it is the movie to recommend to adults looking for something that's topical and intelligent and that will keep them guessing.
With [Clooney's] newest, and fourth film as director, The Ides of March, he shows once again that his best instincts are for dark, subtle humor, hopefully with a bit of satire thrown in for extra sting.
Without anyone noticing, George Clooney has become one of the best directors of actors. He gets them to relax and in so doing brings out their strongest performances.
An intoxicating pleasure.
Gosling is simply superb. Clooney does a masterful job of directing. Hoffman and Giamatti are believable in their roles turning this cinematic delight into mesmerizing entertainment. This engaging movie grabs you by the collar and never lets go...
I enjoyed "The Ides of March." It is polished, edgy and powerful. It's just that its underlying message that power corrupts and politics is messy is merely an echo of themes from earlier movies.
Top-shelf, riveting, breathless, intelligent, brilliantly acted entertainment for adults.
A thoroughly absorbing thriller that matches its memorable title in sheer foreboding.
Clooney evocatively captures the cynicism about the system, optimism that something can be done to improve it, and grim ends/means practicality about arbitraging the gap.
The movie's allegorical aspirations -- that even the most quixotic of people are only fooling themselves in a corrupt system -- are as trite as they are timeless.
Clooney has a keen eye for a good story. With this, his fourth turn as a director, he has chosen wisely.
Beware The Ides of March. This slick political thriller, the fourth directorial effort of the velvet-voiced heartthrob and aspiring auteur George Clooney, adds up to less than it appears to be at first glance, or even the first several glances.
The Ides of March is well written and skillfully directed, [but] it's the performances that make the film so riveting.
The Ides of March, George Clooney's despairing political drama set against the backdrop of a bruising Ohio Democratic primary, presents us with a most unsentimental education.
The obvious plot twists undermine what should be the film's greatest asset: smart guys trying to outsmart each other.
A collision of devious campaign tricks and backroom power plays, "The Ides of March" develops into one of the sharpest political thrillers in years... and a worthy front-runner at the next Oscars.
The problem is that the news the story brings may be perfectly accurate, but it isn't particularly original, and it's certainly not what we hunger for in these dispiriting, cynical times.
Neatly constructed, made with a respectful bow in the direction of classic Hollywood filmmaking.
This is an actor's film first and foremost and Clooney elicits strong performances across the board.
The cast of George Clooney's political thriller "The Ides of March" is so good, you could probably enjoy watching this movie with the sound off.
Even though all the supporting elements of a superior film are here, the actual plot that everything is at the service of is disappointing. The texture of reality and the sheen of fine craft disguise this for a while, but not forever.
People are always whispering in other people's ears in "Ides," and it's not clear whom we can trust until the movie is almost over, which is both the movie's strength and its biggest flaw.
The Ides of March is a pulse-racing thriller that hits where it hurts. Clooney's performance is exceptional and Gosling is terrific in an all-stops-out role.
Throughout the film's first half, Clooney and Co. keep it moving quickly enough to avoid the danger facing any political drama: losing viewers in the midst of wonk-heavy, inside-the-Beltway chatter.
Like a good politician, The Ides of March promises more than it delivers.
Its 'twists' may not be as surprising as they are meant to be. More shocking is that as the catalyst of for a young man's lost innocence, the fictional Mike Morris still looks like a dream candidate at film's end.
Clooney is perfectly cast as a charmer with a dark edge, and Giamatti and Hoffman are excellent as two sides of the same tarnished coin.
The Ides of March wields its searchlight over our political landscape and finds a battlefield: a bloody ground of cynicism and fatal compromise.
The actors are let down in the end by the movie's under-powered style-it's almost too tastefully done.
This isn't a stereotypical left-wing Hollywood screed against Republican know-nothings, but rather a harsh self-examination of the cynicism that has crept into every cranny of the political landscape.
Clooney makes his points without preaching, directing his fellow performers with an actor's appreciation of their craft.
Snappy writing, great cast. It's much more fun to sit through than a contemporary candidates' debate, which takes you to the same ultimate place of abject despair.
Clooney's static and formal visual style matches the false intimacy of any workplace: people talking to each other about ideas, sharing secrets and betraying each other behind the scenes.
You expect better from George Clooney
While it's not nearly as quotable as Sweet Smell of Success, Ides frequently reminded me of that earlier classic in its portrait of the corrosive nature of power, and the soul-killing acts that people will commit to get or to keep it.
Gosling relies on his now-frequent attitude of guarded impenetrability, but that's a reasonable choice for this part. And the performances around him are superb.
Despite this narrative misstep, The Ides of March still ranks as one of the season's most intelligent and polished films.
An imitation of greatness, not the real deal.
Clooney directed with an actor's appetite for vivid star turns, and he certainly gets them from Ryan Gosling, Philip Seymour Hoffman, and Paul Giamatti.
It's too serious for its own good, treating the political-potboiler material as though it were deep and revelatory.
The institutional infrastructure of "The Ides of March" is solid, with some of the best actors in the business bringing politics to life. Gosling is a particular standout.
Another excellent turn by Ryan Goslin in George Clooney's savvy, cynical political tale.
...a familiar thriller with a good cast. It's slick and entertaining, but nothing more.
One for the actors, plain and simple.
So impeccably acted and grippingly paced that its lack of revelation doesn't matter.
Though more contemporary than Good Night, and Good Luck. (2005), George Clooney's new directorial effort seems less topical.
The movie's strength is in the acting, with Gosling once again playing a character with an insistent presence.
Shortcomings aside, The Ides of March does provide an impressive showcase for fine actors to explore eternal truths about trust, loyalty and accountability.
Ides tells familiar tale well.
Somehow, the film is missing both adrenaline and gravity, notwithstanding some frantic early moments and a late swerve toward tragedy. It makes its points carefully and unimpeachably but does not bring much in the way of insight or risk.
... it goes for the most boring, obvious clichés it can find and doesn't even attempt to spin those clichés into something more interesting.
The potency of this political drama comes from its sobering look at the futility of idealism in a world that never fights fair.
It's a sharp, satisfying plunge into duplicity, perhaps Clooney's most intriguing offering as a filmmaker.
A multi-faceted drama that's simple enough for the masses but accomplished enough that few critics could succeed in smearing it.
Clooney keeps the plot moving with enough energy that March consistently thrills even when it can't do much else.
The Ides of March isn't stale, but it isn't fresh either. There's nothing memorable. There's nothing daring. The theme of The Ides of March is that idealism is squelched by pragmatism. Oh, what an insight.
Like the nonfossil fuel alternatives Mr. Clooney pushes in his campaign rhetoric, the adrenalin rush of The Ides of March provides a sexy alternative to most mainstream political movies about dirty politics. Others dip. This one soars.
With the constant backroom arguing and threats of media scrutiny, the plot plays out like political intrigue on autopilot; it shouldn't work as well as it does. The greatest credit goes to a widely agreeable set of performances.
"The Ides of March'' rests its moral outrage on a rickety podium of glibness and coincidence. It passes the character test, but it can't go the distance.
"The Ides of March" is pitch perfect as we see the high-stakes gamesmanship involved in presidential campaigns.
It pulses along like an update of The Candidate fused with a political Sweet Smell of Success - it's got that kind of noirish fizz.
A knowing look at the machinations of a political campaign, with its established and somewhat bizarre rituals, and the compromises and betrayals that often accompany getting someone elected.
...bringing old-school quality and tone to content that plays as both up-to-the-minute and classically timeless.
A well-done film, respectable and serious. The actors acquit themselves with zest and skill. Unfortunately, The Ides of March just has all the freshness of a outdated stump speech.
The film's confident, understated rhythm is appealing, but more than that, Clooney takes a big gamble by pitting another, more conventional movie against the observational one and seeing what happens.
Gripping stuff, a solid political drama with a rueful message..It's a welcome addition to the canon of essential political films.
It mostly transpires in takeout-container-strewn campaign offices and hotel rooms; The Ides of March, verbal and Lumet-like, is lovably for wonks only.
Gosling radiates charisma, schmoozing and charming reporters and staffers with equal ease. But beneath that slick exterior, his character is a true believer.
Ironic: this is a movie about politics that, like most politicians, promises far more than it ever delivers.
For all of the timely questions rumbling through Clooney's film -- Is change even possible? Does a "good" man stand a chance once incorporated into a hopelessly "bad" system? -- The Ides of March cushions the end of idealism within noir fantasy.
A combo political thriller and morality play that is thought-provoking and brilliantly performed by some of America's best actors.
Smart and skillfully directed, The Ides of March depicts the ugly reality of modern day politics.
An engrossing, zinger-full dramatization of backroom Presidential politics.
Cynical and sophisticated, it slides down the slippery slope of contemporary corruption.
The backroom deals and dirty tricks represent politics as they are, not as they should be. This is a deeply cynical movie and, in that cynicism, it finds truth.
Presidential politics making for strange bedfellows, literally and figuratively.
This film is full of great actors, but not enough people.
It's tempting to praise The Ides of March as a realistic depiction of how low we've sunk. But that would mean accepting the second-rate writing and third-rate melodrama and incredible shrinking characters.
There will be better movies released this year, but maybe none more sophisticated and shrewd.
Clooney triumphs as a director. The script is acid sharp and the cast perfect.
There's a much smarter, better constructed movie in there that could have better used the dynamite cast.
It's another step in the intriguing mid-career reinvention of one of Hollywood's shrewdest stars.
A stellar cast buoys this otherwise workmanlike political drama
Had it had a more complex argument on its mind than just "power corrupts," it could have been more than a solid, slick entertainment.
The brilliant cast Clooney has assembled are delivering some of their finest work in telling this story.
Slick and respectable, and delivering old news.
An engrossing snapshot of dirty campaign politics.
The dialogue is smart, crisp and witty and, given the quorum of talent, it's not surprising that the performances are superb.
Extremely well-crafted and acted, the film was warmly enough received at yesterday's screening. But it lacks that sense of political idealism and indignation that made Clooney's earlier directorial effort, Good Night, and Good Luck so stirring.
Clooney sees blustering bustle and edgy familiarity - giant closeups of private conversations - as the contrasts of political campaigns, which are, at heart, all rhetoric and no accountability.
This 1970s-like political thriller and morality tale, which shows Clooney in top form as director, co-writer and actor, is a frontrunner in this year's Oscars; Ryan Gosling is brilliant.
[An] intriguing but overly portentous drama, which seems far more taken with its own cynicism than most viewers will be.
Classy and professional throughout, the technical work gracefully holds all the threads together.
Taken as a diverting aside on our world and with its more awkward pretensions forgiven, it's captivating enough and well-performed by a strong cast, even down to the smaller ensemble roles.
A political thriller exploring themes of loyalty, ambition and the gap between public ideals and private fallibility, it engages the brain within the context of a solid entertainment.
To direct, write and act in such a film proves Clooney to be a good deal more than the Clark Gable of his generation.
What remains is your classic compromise candidate: a film that set out with a crusading zeal but had its rough edges planed down en route to the nomination.


@highlight

While not exactly exposing revelatory truths, The Ides of March is supremely well-acted drama that moves at a measured, confident clip.