With Up, Disney/Pixar continues to set the bar for animated features.
Up is funny, heartfelt, and never less than entertaining.
Whatever brainstorming session came up with Up allowed Docter and co-director Bob Peterson to grapple not only with old age, but with the kind of maturity rarely broached by cartoons.
It's quite simply the best Pixar yet, seamlessly melding stirring emotions and thrilling adventure into a classic tale about letting go of the past and embracing the moment.
Up is breathtaking in its imaginative detail and astonishing in its emotional range.
I challenge you not to tear up.
The first 10 minutes of Pixar's fantastical 3-D animated adventure Up are a sublime testimonial to the purity and magic of the cinema. I know because I was a sobbing basket case by Minute 11.
There might not be a more dependable name in all of Hollywood than Pixar, and their tenth animated feature, Up, continues the studio's remarkable hot streak.
What makes Up such a satisfying film is the story of an old man deciding that he still has life left to be lived. And that life is an adventure.
The glory of Pixar's films as that they touched on universal themes, all the way through, that just happened to also tickle kids. This one starts out that way, and then settles comfortably into being a kids film.
Quintessential Pixar.
Has more heart and soul in its tiniest pixel than most competitors' movies can boast in their entirety.
The pacing is perfect, the animation looks terrific, the emotional range is wide, and there are a few sly jokes you might not catch the first time around. That's okay; you'll want to see it a second time anyway.
As corny as it sounds, Up soars to new animation heights.
No matter how you look at it, through the innocent eyes of a child or the wider, wiser worldview of an adult, the bright, buoyant Up brims with imagination, adventure, humor and heart.
The most successful moments use screenwriter Peterson's rapid-fire witty dialogue and sight gags.
Everything else is up to the studio's usual standard, blending gorgeous and imaginative (but never gimmicky) animation with zippy storytelling, heartfelt sadness and laughs.
You never know what you're going to get with this sort of thing, if people will sit on their laurels and bask in the concept or go to the effort of working out a compelling story. Luckily the folks at Pixar aren't known for taking the easy way out.
...an animated masterpiece...
Adventure is about escaping death's closure, but it's also about clinging to life's openness - letting one escapade's end evolve into something new. "Up" is a tremendously affecting story of indomitable love, infectious spirit and embraced possibilities.
Has there ever been a bolder moment in a children's film than one in which the lead character essentially sets off on his final journey into the heavens?
Funny and poignant and full of life, Up easily qualifies as one of the best movies of the year so far. Go with someone you care about.
A vibrantly bubbly exploration of how life's great adventures can stem from death's gloomy depths
There's much to make you laugh and cry, but the image that lingers is that of a gentle, bewildered man carrying his past overhead like a multicoloured cloud on a leash.
If Up has a fault, it's merely that it's following in the footsteps of Wall-E, which was possibly the best animated film of the decade.
The first from Pixar to be filmed in Disney Digital 3-D, Up looks and sounds great. The script is charming, touching and altogether delightful; the voice talent perfectly suited to the characters.
Disney/Pixar's Up is a triumphant masterstroke for the studio and their Teflon reputation.
Up has much to offer kids but more to offer adults. We're so entertained we don't realize we're exploring tough questions. How faithful are we in the promises we make?
Don't be surprised if Up is sitting pretty atop our top 10 films of the year list come the New Year.
Up is arguably Pixar's finest achievement to date, and is surprisingly mature (and moving) in its subject matter.
Once the balloons make their grand, eye-popping entrance in a kaleidoscope of color and texture, the film becomes chaotic and silly, and coasts downhill for the remainder.
One of Pixar's most emotionally satisfying creations.
Pure joy and one of the best films of the year. You gotta have a good story, and this one is a gem. It even made a bit misty-eyed. Good stuff from Pixar. Paul Chambers, CNN.
...if you've ever wondered what kind of jokes dogs would tell if they could speak, here's your chance.
An instant cartoon classic coming courtesy of a successful collaboration by the good folks at Disney and Pixar.
Filled with wonderment and intrigue, it tells a timeless tale of adventure and aging that touches on almost every emotion.
Maybe movies are getting worse or maybe Pixar is getting better or maybe it's a combination of the two - but Up is one of the year's best.
A joyous, wacky, sometimes bittersweet story of love, loss and making your dreams come true, Up does what Pixar movies usually do %u2013 it far exceeds our expectations.
It's beginning to seem as if Pixar's delivery of one of the very best films of the year will be an unstoppable annual tradition. [Blu-ray]
Up delivers a half hour of pure cinematic magic, followed by the rest of the film which is merely very good.
Do you like hearing kids screaming and parents rushing their children out of the theater never to return? Me too.
A hugely enjoyable work, whose care, craftsmanship and creative courage are rarely found in mainstream films - animated or otherwise.
One of its best: touching, funny and graphically exciting.
If it had lived up to its golden first five minutes, Up would have been the film of the decade. As it is, it remains the best animated flick of 2009, a funny, moving, beautifully made argument that dreamers can move mountains.
The creative leadership of the Pixar team restores clarity, simplicity, and courage to storytelling, establishing a daunting gold standard for family films.
Visually, Up is breathless perfection, a dream ride of vivid colour and wit. It also has emotional depth. Carl's sense of failed purpose is felt: indeed he and Muntz are both, for different reasons, seeking fulfilment.
What's so impressive about Up is that the film-makers never lose sight of their adult concerns.
Another original, boundary pushing story. It's not quite Nemo, but it will have you shouting 'Squirrel!' at every opportunity.
Another buoyant and life-affirming Pixar yarn. How do they keep on doing it?
Uplifting, upstaging and uproarious, this beautifully crafted animated adventure is buoyed up to the heavens by a heart-gladdening story of genuine warmth and poignancy.
A coming-of-old-age story that breaks the heart, tickles the funny bone and fires the imagination, Up is a captivating, exuberant delight. And did we mention it contains The Greatest Moment In Movie Animation? Oh.
Pixar's most commercially daring and most fanciful film to date.
The humour gets weirder as it goes on and it's among the lightest of Pixar's films, but the first 20 minutes offer the saddest, most poignant sequence seen in an animation film since Bambi's mother died.
Pixar's tenth film is one of the most uplifting ever made. It's an instant classic and one of those rare movies which will appeal to all ages and intellects. It has heart and intelligence, beauty and excitement, plus loads and loads of imagination.
So expertly put together, so beautifully written and filled with such brilliant and believable characters, it's no exaggeration to say we're in the throes of a golden age of animation not seen since Disney's heyday from the 1930s to the 1950s.
Up is quite wonderful entertainment blending moving moments with action-packed sequences and comedy. Buoyant and beautiful, it is a movie must.
Not only the best kids movie of the year but one of best movies of 2009.
Everything Up does with quiet, time-bestriding imagination is a triumph.
Up is buoyant with thrills and spills, yet it's anchored, quite movingly, in the acceptance of mortality. This rollercoaster ride will leave everyone on an up.
Up has wit and warmth, wonderful storytelling, winning characterisations and a palette of bright and beautiful colours. If ever an animated production was a serious contender for a Best Picture Oscar, then this is the one.
Pixar's tenth movie is undoubtedly a work of art but what truly makes it glow is that it's a timeless story about love and has obviously been made with tons of the stuff.
Up matches or surpasses Pixar's previous hits like Toy Story, Monsters Inc and Finding Nemo. It shares their joyousness and visual flair, but for all its flights of fancy is more firmly rooted in the real, human world.
There are frequent pangs of sadness throughout the film that beautifully balance both the adrenaline-charged action and broad comedy. This keeps both our hearts and minds involved with the story.
Up is a soaring (ha!) achievement, visionary entertainment, and one of the very best films of the year - animated or otherwise.
The first ten minutes or so of Pixar's latest animated wonder are cinematic perfection.
Those Pixar geniuses have done it again - this is a hugely entertaining, beautifully animated and powerfully emotional film.
Pixar's latest hero is a septuagenarian, misanthropic crank. And this film is all about him. It shouldn't work. We shouldn't like him, or want to watch him. But we do. You will. And you'll love it.
Another near-perfect Pixarian blend of escapist fun and heart-warming sentiment.
click to read the full review
As beautiful as anything the animation house has yet produced (and their first feature in 3D), it is at times meandering and not a little mawkish, but its vivid primary colours conceal a great deal of shaded nuance.
Pixar's unwavering standard of excellence is simply unfair, as it spoils us audiences who then expect other films, animated or live action, to measure up.
Mais um exemplo de como a Pixar consegue construir, digitalmente, aquilo que a maior parte dos realizadores contemporâneos falha em criar com atores reais: histórias e personagens repletos de humanidade e doçura.
Overall it is up there (pardon the pun) with the best of the big studio CGI animations for kids and adults.
The latest computer-animated adventure from Pixar Studios has a simple premise that should enchant viewers of all ages, fusing childhood fantasies of escape with adult feelings of melancholy and regret.
This is probably the most original of all [Pixar's] films to date, and the realism brought to the screen is constantly surprising.
An absolutely rollicking adventure, Up combines incredible animation with funny, old fashioned storytelling.
the imagination just soars when that house takes off with all those helium filled balloons.
Up is one of the best Pixar films, which means it's something very special.
The flight -- especially in 3-D, which is the best way to experience Up -- is a marvel of art come to life
It's often said that Pixar makes children's movies that adults can appreciate ... In reality, it makes movies for adults that children will tolerate--sometimes only just.
A triumph of animation and imagination, Up is impossible not to enjoy, with its combination of adventure, true love and humour
New beginnings and a spirit of adventure are the themes of this enchanting animation from Pixar in which a lonely old man and eager young boy fulfil their dreams in a helium propelled flying house. Ingenuity and humour are in abundant supply
A film that opens daringly ends with a shout-out to Star Wars
I'm not as filled with the same helium for Disney/Pixar's Up as other critics, but I'd be cruel if I wasn't lifted by the story of rediscovering a life of adventure.
opens on a note of human subtlety that goes beyond what we expect of a cartoon and grows into what may very well be the most touching human drama of the year.
Up, Up and Away
It is among [Pixar's] most emotional pictures, a heartfelt, high-altitude exploration of love and loss and letting go.
Its refusal to sugarcoat death and loneliness deepens its appeal, with Carl's longing for Ellie so palpable, few won't be moved as the film wends along its harrowing way.
A tremendous tale of unfulfilled dreams and fulfilling promises. Pixar continues a winning streak of brilliant films.
Up, like all Pixar films, has a story to match the quality of the visuals.
"Up" is pure magical fun!
All you need to know is that John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton are executive producers of "Up".
Themes of adventure, home, and inner childhood are all tweaked and rejuvenated with as much spark and pop as high-flying Carl himself. A spry, imaginative romp through the jungle of the imagination.
Practically perfect in every way, this is Pixar's most uplifting adventure yet!
The opening sequence of Up sits in silence, telling the story of Carl and Ellie and is so overfilled with emotion, tears fell at the end of this beginning.
Pixar's magic still has sparks to spare.
...adventure, humor and beauty to spare.
Pixar does it yet again with a competitor for the best film of 2009...
Pixar's stunning 3-D adventure is an upper for everyone.
If Wall-E was Pixar's Jim Cameron movie, Up is their Jean Cocteau film.
A must see, in whatever format.
Lo notable de Pixar es que tampoco parece pretender alcanzar nuevas metas, ni siquiera superarse a sí mismos, con cada nuevo proyecto. Simplemente lo hacen lo mejor que pueden.
Up soars.
A solid Disney adventure feature animation using Pixar.
A powerful, often hilarious film.
Indeed, Up has first-rate animation and superlative voice work, but it's the heartfelt story that cements its status as the best film of 2009 so far.
Up is an engaging, exciting, warm-hearted trip at the movies. Up starts slowly, but picks up helium and soars... In 1923 Buster Keaton made The Balloonatic. 86 years later Up enters the Buster Keaton stratosphere.
It's no surprise that Up was chosen to open the Cannes Film Festival. This is a work of art.
From start to finish Up is simply amazing.
Up is a high stakes adventure like nothing else we've ever seen.
Pixar delivers [another] piece of expertly-rendered, artful entertainment...that doesn't pander to kids and that families will still adore.
This is one of Pixar's better films, comparable to 'The Incredibles.'
... 3D doesn't tell the story--the backbone of any quality film. Up has a great one that holds up no matter how many dimensions are used.
Pixar has gone past the point where they made animated films that happened to be good stories. Now they are making good stories that happen to be animated.
Up is a beautifully balanced effort that will take you up, up and away on its beautiful balloons.
After a strong takeoff, Up lands on dead grounds.
A beautiful film in every sense of the word, UP belongs at or near the top of the list of Pixar's best movies.
So for kids, an adventure movie. For adults, an adventure on a whole different level.
it's sharp, funny, tear-jerking, and there is simply no better time to be had at the movies for anybody of any age
The first third is pretty dark for kids, but once the house lifts off the movie soars.
Colorful, fun and delightful--exactly what is expected from Pixar.
Has something of the craziness of the classic Donald Duck and Scrooge McDuck comic-book stories created by Carl Barks in the 1940s and '50s...
The movie is packed with lovely jokes, some of them funny in inexplicable ways.
The key to Pixar's success has always been the perfect blend of heart and humor -- and they've certainly done it again here.
This is really special.
A near masterpiece. 1st half is absolutely brilliant -- a beautiful compelling work of art. I laughed, I cried, I ogled at the rich visuals. Sweet and touching theme.
Minus a lot of laughs for children Pixar's beautiful animation alleviated by Michael Giacchino's magnificent music transports us to a far away make-believe place in the blink of an eye.
a wonderful, whimsical flight of fancy, a wild 3-D excursion into storybook delirium that is nonetheless firmly grounded in trecognizable human emotions
It works not because the animation is impressive -- and it is -- but because they have a well-thought-out script and compelling characters...
My six companions and I uniformly fell in love with this movie, and I can't wait to see it again, even at $15 for 3-D.
How powerful are the folks at the Pixar Animation Studios? Their latest offering, Up, can possibly make you cry within the first 15 minutes.
The filmmakers let our imaginations take flight with Carl's house and we willing tag along for the adventure.
Hampered by a poor, almost cryptic advertising campaign, Up returns Pixar to their storytelling roots as experienced in previous films like The Incredibles and Ratatouille.
Get 'Up.'
Best since Finding Nemo.
Up may not quite rank as Pixar's finest film, but it is certainly the animation studio's oddest and bravest picture, and possibly its most beautiful.
The new Pixar Animation feature "Up" goes boldly where even live-action movies rarely dare.
Webster's online dictionary gives genius five definitions. They should add one more: Pixar. Twenty-two Academy Awards, four Golden Globes and three Grammys qualify the studio.
I laughed, I cried, I spooned a balloon animal.
A sweet and gentle fable... sad & funny & thrilling all at once.
They should create a new category for this year's Academy Award for Best Vocal Acting in an animated film and name Asner as the first recipient.
For family audiences looking for heart and laughs , 'Up' soars above the rest as the funniest film of the summer.
A sweet, tender film that is easily one of the best films of 2009, and with its 3D experience, it is the first film of the summer that is a must-see in the theaters.
This cast a spell over me, hitting all the right notes, and reminding me once again, why I love films so much in the first place.
I wouldn't have changed a thing about the movie, but my stomach might have.
Only Pixar could take a simple adventure story and turn it into a profound statement about life's infinite possibilities.
What a magical, marvellous movie.
[C]heerful and fantastical yet never unrealistically optimistic... [T]he cleverness and originality of Up is nearly boundless...
An exquisite work of cinematic art that also happens to be the funniest, most touching, most exciting and most entertaining movie released so far this year.
Its PG rating hints that this is one of those toon tales that will resonate more powerfully with adults than with kids, and never more so than in the sequences between Carl and his wife (did we really just witness a miscarriage in an animated film?).
Is Up top-shelf Pixar? No. But is it quality summer movie entertainment? Absolutely. Even when the folks at Pixar aim to keep their feet solidly on the ground, they can't help but soar.
With Ratatouille, WALL-E and now Up, Pixar Animation Studios has graduated from moviedom's finest animation house to its most consistent producer of great cinematic art, period.
Its charms appear to have been applied with surgical precision; by the end, I felt expertly sutured, but not much else.
Up isn't merely good -- it is a thoroughly entertaining film that is downright great.
To watch Up with any attention is to be moved and astonished by the economy with which specific visuals are invested with emotion throughout.
There are not words enough to express how good Up is.
The lessons of Up lift us, even as they ground our heroes in what really matters.
Up delivers like no other movie released this year thus far, operating as a massive summer movie and an intimate character study at the same time and with equal impact.
If only live action adventure movies were as well-written, subtle and painstakingly realized as this, we might be willing to renew our almost expired belief in the transporting powers of what Pauline Kael called "movie movies."
A thrilling, heartfelt and humorous family film with enough jubilant energy to lift you right off your seat.
Up recalls Finding Nemo in the grace with which it balances thrills and tenderness.
It propels the viewer up, up and away in an experience combining smart, imaginative storytelling with dazzling dreamlike visuals, creating an experience that is the special province of animation -- at once utterly convincing and completely impossible.
Up is less visually exuberant than many of the other Pixar films, but in this case that's a plus.
Technical brilliance and nuanced storytelling lift Pixar miles above the competition.
[A] kid's adventure yarn embedded in a grownup tale about grief and regret, purposes lost and rediscovered.
Up is full of fun and fantasy, and also earns its PG rating with complex emotional situations.
What you will love about Up is what you don't expect it to be.
It's a swashbuckling, continent-hopping adventure and an under-stated, nuanced psychodrama. It's a wildly creative fantasy and an almost devastatingly poignant piece of realism.
If you're old enough to sit quietly through a feature film, go see it.
Parental Content Review
Up is actually about rediscovering your soul, or surviving the worst and making the most of it. It's funny, illuminating, deft, accomplished, mesmerizing, warm, and in the end, as inspiring as its title.
Both a breezy children's adventure yarn and a serious consideration of love, death, and lives left behind.
Pixar really set the bar high with Wall*E and even though this film falls a little short, it is still sweet, visually stunning and filled with a ton of heart.
What other animated film has contemplated the anxious stubbornness of the elderly to cling to whatever independence they can for as long as they can, to remain connected to familiar places and things?
Pixar's tenth animated feature film clocks in as one of their best.
As in their finest work, the Pixar filmmakers have created thrilling cinema simply by rifling through its history.
The sheer brilliance of Up lies in its ability to make something so deep, profound and complex seem so innocent, fun and simple.
It feels nervy and adventurous and a little messy, the result of formidable creators and genuine wits working on an enormous budget, enormously well-spent.
Up is an absolute masterpiece with a great message that never becomes anything less than incredibly entertaining, striking a perfect balance between moving sentiment and rollicking fun.
Hold onto your seats as Pixar takes you on yet another delightful adventure Up, up and away.
Fun, thrilling, imaginative and tender with breathtaking CGI effects, but it's much funnier and exhilarating for kids. Adults will be often amused, but they'll find that it lacks the "wow!" factor, brilliance and genuine warmth of a truly classic Pixar...
A fantastic experience the way only Pixar could make it, a touching, intelligent story punctuated with gentle whimsy and bold excitement.
This is, along with WALL-E and The Incredibles, one of the most sophisticated Pixar movies ever made.
An often funny, whimsically sweet-hearted fable about a boy in an old man's body and a regular little boy, who embark upon an adventure in a house tethered to thousands of ether-filled balloons.
Up chooses old-school heart and soul over modern-day cynicism. How refreshing.
Another year, another Pixar masterpiece. Ho hum.
I loved, loved, loved Up. I cannot praise it enough.
Up is yet another triumph from the incredible Pixar studios.
A symphonic balance of captivating silence and clever dialogue, belly-laugh humor and tear-in-the-eye despair, fast-paced action scenes and scenes slowed for their precious detail, Up orchestrates its talent into one truly unforgettable piece.
If you feel down, a sure cure is to see "Up." It will lift your spirits and make your heart soar.
A wonderful film, bursting with creativity and remarkable, in the way Pixar efforts usually are, for being a 'family film' that doesn't pander and treats its story like serious business.
Alternately funny, touching, exciting and visually dazzling, often all at once, this is the kind of film that you genuinely need to see twice in order to fully absorb everything it has to offer.
The most tender, touching and deftly told love story of the year is in the opening few minutes of Up...
It's breezy, clever, hilarious, and entertaining -- all par for the course at Pixar -- and has the depth and intelligence that separate Pixar from every other animation factory.
All filmmakers protesting that they only spoon feed kids the crap they crave, I present to you Pixar's two recent stars: a silent robot and a geriatric widower.
Real men cry at Up.
Another triumph for Pixar - a 3-D animated feature about a memorable cross-generation friendship that is also a probe on the true meaning of adventure
Do you think Pixar ever gets tired of the monotony of good press? If they do, they better get over it. Up is a spellbinding gem, powered by pure whimsy and so deeply moving you forget entirely that you're watching animation.
I can't say that Up is the best movie made by the CGI masters at Pixar. I can say, though, that there is none better.
A tenderness and spirit that is like helium for the heart.
Up is a breathtaking ride into the realm of pure imagination. Up shames the pap that now passes for family entertainment (yes, Night at the Museum 2, I'm talking to you).
It's a joy to watch, for any age.
What's marvelous about Up is how confidently it assumes the audience will smartly follow wherever it wants to take us.
Pixar has done it again, in every best way possible.
While it may seem to have a limiting premise and characters, it's done so well that it's easily on par with the Pixar films that came before it.
Everything about Up is an up, in the most visceral and poetic ways.
Pixar has set the bar impossibly high. That they clear it here by a foot and not by a mile doesn't mean they haven't succeeded in serving up extraordinary entertainment.
There's still something breathless about Up, but I wonder if the Pixar formula isn't starting to show its seams...
With its tenth film, Pixar has seemingly raised its own stakes, delivering a tale of such richness, such poignancy and such incredible imagination that one can only marvel at their dedication to the art of storytelling.
Up, the latest lovely fantasy from the artists at Disney's Pixar animation, it's a truly fantastic adventure -- a lighter-than-air daydream about a cranky widower, a chubby boy and their amazing journey.
While their latest achievement can't quite one-up WALL-E, it offers soaring highs that are bound to enchant viewers of any age.
From the title onward, Up is a stratospheric success. It's guaranteed to lift your spirits, and not with a pushy DreamWorks-style gag reel of celebrity voices and committee-processed one-liners.
While Up achieves liftoff and even soars, it encounters enough turbulence to result in a bumpy flight.
Rarely has any film, let alone an animated one powered by the logic of dream and fantasy, been able to move so successfully -- and so effortlessly -- through so many different kinds of cinematic territory.
This film is lovely in attitude and execution. In a world that sometimes seems filled with mean people, mean institutions and mean humor, Up is friendly, affirming and deeply moving. It's funny, too, but never at anyone's expense.
The outrageously inventive fable that it tells lifts it above the mundane and sends it floating off to the heights of charm as if carried by a helium balloon.
The celebrated animation studio reaches great heights -- again -- with a surprising story that's about a whole lot more than an old man with a flying house.
good, not great, Pixar
Because the movie's grounded, it's free to fly where it wants, and it does so with an exuberance and poignancy that at times feels majestic.
Pixar has done better in the past, but, until their next masterwork arrives, Up will do nicely as the winsome fable it is.
In the hands of Peter Docter and gang, the exploits of a grumpy widower and an eager eight-year-old become incredibly entertaining in 'Up.'
How much do I love this movie? If it were mathematically possible, I'd give it five stars out of four.
Pixar will one day make a stinker, but I'm happy to report that Up is not it.
Up is challenging, emotionally and narratively, but it trusts viewers to keep up; Pixar has never been interested in talking down to children or their parents.
An animated movie that's far more human than most live-action ones, and easily maintains the exalted standards we've come to expect from Pixar. It's guaranteed to raise your spirits.
This is one of those rare occasions where everything works...
Pretty close to being a perfect outing at the movies. And considering the marvels Pixar has already given us year after year, that's a stunning achievement.
Pixar's most mature and refined chunk of animation to date.
Up emerges as a gentle hymn to adventure of both the soaring, storybook variety and the smaller, less obvious kind -- the perilous, unpredictable and richly rewarding journey of ordinary, everyday life.
If such first-rate entertainment simply offers a remarkably fun experience instead of a life-changing one, it's only because we've come to regularly expect epiphanies from its creators.
Up is a story of human bonds remembered and new ones forged, and never for one moment does it seems insincere or contrived.
Easily the summer's, and probably the year's, most enchanting movie, Up is a buoyant delight.
Pixar tops itself with its new animated offering Up, a movie so visually and emotionally skillful that it makes Monsters, Inc. look positively antic, Toy Story seem like mere child's play, and WALL-E appear as sentimental fluff.
An enjoyable movie that's also something Pixar's work usually isn't -- forgettable.
This is a wonderful film. It tells a story. The characters are as believable as any characters can be who spend much of their time floating above the rain forests of Venezuela.
Even the out-of-place moments and blunt conceits can be forgiven, as they perform dutifully in service to the kind of thrilling movie adventures we regular folks can only dream of, but which the wizards at Pixar perform with ease.
A whimsical story that taps into the magical relationship between the young and the old.
Pixar's high-flying 3D adventure of an aged widower and his eight-year-old accidental stowaway is a constant delight. Word of mouth should soar.
Writer-directors Pete Docter and Bob Peterson present hilarious insights into bird brains and canine psychology and treat thornier human emotions deftly.
The most shocking thing about Up--a trick Pixar plays with eerie regularity--is how easy it all seems.
Up may be the first Pixar film about actual people, and for all of its computer-generated visions and 3D inventions it's always about human emotion and human experience.
Many a PIXAR film has been nominated for the Best Animated Feature Academy Award. "UP" may finally be the one to snag a nod as Best Picture, animated or otherwise.
A sure lock on an animated film Oscar nod, Up delivers a wondrous world filled with people and creatures you'll fall head over heels in love with.
Yet another Pixar film that's approximately 3 billion times better than almost all other animated movies.
All this deflated cinema and Pixarism mischaracterizes what good animation can be (as in Coraline, Monster House, Chicken Little, Teacher's Pet, The Iron Giant). Up's aesthetic failure stems from its emotional letdown.
The characterizations are fairly coarse cartoons, in contrast to the emotionally rich cartoons that have become Pixar's hallmark. They're more schematic than organic, and that applies to the plotting as well.
Whether you view it in 3-D or 2-D, you and your family are in for a terrific, fun-filled ride. Without doubt, 'Up' is the best movie so far this year.
For a story well told, an adventure with genuine thrills and a heartbreakingly believable love story, there's not much better than Up.
Nobody these days tells stories as cinematically as do the people at Pixar.
Through its writing, direction and execution, Up doesn't just achieve hipness, it transcends it. With its spirit of fun and adventure, it echoes Raiders of the Lost Ark (only funnier) -- it's a thrill ride, but a thrill ride with heart.
The title is deceptively simple, which is fitting, because the latest achievement from Pixar Animation is deeper and more complex on every level than it would initially appear.
A feather-light farce with a delicious dose of the sentimental, it isn't the animation company's biggest, most complicated or even its best. It's just a film in which most every oddball element of an odd yet familiar story works.
A lovely, entertaining, summer comedy adventure. Don't miss it.
The honesty of the story here, as beautifully depicted and acted by Asner and young Jordan Nagai is so real, so palpable, you almost forget you are watching an animated film at all.
If it sounds like I can't find anything in Up to be curmudgeonly about, that's because I really can't.
I don't want to oversell this film but, really, how could I? It's the first great film of the summer, indeed, of the year.
A film like Up makes it clear that Pixar has moved beyond the point where it feels the need to pander to children.
Rest assured, it gets funny. And it's thrilling, too, as the third act takes place almost entirely in the sky.
For any run-of-the-mill movie studio, Up would represent a major achievement. But this is Pixar we're talking about ... and so the standards have to be a little tougher.
The look of Up is a world away from Pixar's usual CGI intricacies -- simple in a way that only artists with a genius for complexity can achieve.
Better than at least 90% of the non-Pixar animated movies being produced, as well as a film experience that can be fully embraced for its originality of vision and tone.
Saying Up ranks somewhere right in the middle is like dissing the bottom half of the top 10 titles that any genre has to offer. And if that is where Up appears on the list of 2009's best films, then so be it.
Exudes a wit and wisdom that elevates it to the animated adventure apex.
How many production houses can boast of reordering audiences' favorites lists with each new release?
Were the filmmakers behind Up scared by their own movie's seriousness?
You can tell that this film was a labor of love, and that the cast and crew were sufficiently inspired by the material to craft a children's movie that is destined to be a classic.
A lush visual rendering of the Pennsylvania Dutch proverb, 'We get old too soon, and too late smart.'
From the sweetly enchanting opening scenes to the energetic set pieces closing it out this movie does no wrong, and when it was finally over the only thing I wanted them to do was rewind the projector so we could watch it again.
Per usual, the nuances of human relationships are conveyed via Pixar's predictably acute attention to detail, coded in a mysterious evocation of mood.
Gorgeously rendered in subtly immersive 3D and full of organic cinematic nods, this is a rare, wondrous story of true love and dream-catching. Of holding on and letting go. You will believe a house can fly.
The overall look of the film, with its breathtaking aerial views of South American landscapes and its symbolic interplay of squares and circles, puts every other animation studio to shame.
As buoyant and richly tinted as the balloons that figure so prominently in its story, Up is also thoroughly grounded in real emotion and ideas of substance.
So fantastically buoyant, so soaring and so universal, that it's hard to check the urge to get down on one's knees before the cinema screen and give thanks for the joy of being a moviegoer.
Like the outfit's previous film, WALL-E, Up is superb in setting up characters and a world that hankers over memories of yesteryear, but once the adventure moves into its obligatory action denouement, it enters a world of stereotypes that disappoints.
It's an unusual, magical film with which to open an art-house festival.
Up is a more more classic piece of entertainment, which cleaves to the Pixar template of being beautifully rendered, emotional and laugh-out-loud adult funny, all the while capturing the naïve charm of old-school Disney.
Breakneck speedy, hysterically funny and appropriately lithe, UP handles itself in action with the same intensity as with comedy, never stopping to leave room for a laugh or a gasp.
A Pixar pinnacle. That may seem like outlandish praise, given the animation studio's sterling tax record. But when was the last time you walked out of a Pixar movie simply giddy, as if you were high on computer-animated pixels?
Vies with Monsters Inc and Wall-E as the best and most inventive of the Pixar films - with, as it were, added depth.
Up, as ever, is all about the characters. And the observations of human (and animal) behaviour. And the exquisitely timed physical comedy.
Pixar triumphs again with a delirious fantasy that has one leg in the real world of hopes dashed and realised and the other in the cartoon tradition of journeying and adventure.
A masterclass in narrative exposition, and the moments explaining their childlessness will bring a lump to your throat.
A highpoint of ingenuity and storytelling in the Pixar canon and indeed the animated form.
A near perfect feature, a thrilling combination of humour, pathos, action and drama. Utterly original, endlessly inventive, and brilliantly crafted to appeal to old and young alike, it may well be Pixar's finest feature yet.
Pixar again raises the bar to wondrous new heights.
As of May, Best Picture of the Year: Another jewel in Pixar's crown, Up is a truly uplifting experience, a themtically inventive, emotionally touching, poignantly romantic film that lingers in memory long after seeing it.
Extending the patented Pixar mix of humor and heart, Up is the studio's most deeply emotional and affecting work.
[Up] could easily have been cloying, but instead proves disarming in its deep reserves of narrative imagination and surprise, as well as its poignant thematic balance of dreams deferred and dreams fulfilled.

@highlight

An exciting, funny, and poignant adventure, Up offers an impeccably crafted story told with wit and arranged with depth, as well as yet another visual Pixar treat.