Well-crafted, exciting, funny, and inspiring, and it's successful in being original by not trying too hard to be original.
They way it's shot, particularly with the fighting scenes, is very raw. You feel like you're in the ring. There were a couple times where I almost ducked.
It's a lovely performance, with Stallone using his age and size and slow way of talking to guide the retired, lonely Rocky, while Jordan is the anxious, ambitious Adonis Johnson, the son of Apollo Creed...
A positive act of cultural appropriation...
... Creed transits between nostalgia and promise, and is more entertaining than substantial. [Full review in Spanish]
Creed is a triumph at expanding on the legacy of many beloved characters, and a film that can stand on its own two feet
Simply put, if you like films about boxing, with the emotional quotient thrown in, you will enjoy this one. It's Stallone, after all.
The initial pace is on the slow side and the story teeters between drama and melodrama, but the boxing sequences are excellent, and Coogler builds an unstoppable momentum. Welcome back, Rocky.
Creed is flawless-they ought to teach it in film school.
Creed certainly looks like a reboot-spinoff, but without the crass cash-grab feeling we've come to expect from such fare. Don't call it a franchise comeback, because Creed is something else altogether.
While a little unsteady at first, Creed soars midway and the final act is a knockout.
This was one of my favorite surprises of the year.
Creed is Rocky's movie. Same as it ever was.
It's a film with almost uniformly strong performances.
Creed could easily become the foundation for a franchise, allowing Sylvester Stallone to age gracefully and take up less space on the screen, while still conveying that punch-drunk wisdom.
Sylvester Stallone gives the most compelling and truthful performance of his career.
The movie as a whole is still excellent and well worth seeking out -- even if you don't really care about boxing or Rocky.
Creed is a film that respects the Rocky franchise, made by someone who seems to have a genuine love for the franchise and understands why people loved the very first film.
... the heart of the film: identity and family, the legacies you inherit and the legacies you create. It's also a marvelously satisfying, old-fashioned, underdog boxing movie
Stallone is not only giving his best performance to since Rocky, but Michael B. Jordan has fully established himself as a leading man to be reckoned with.
Adonis and Rocky make one of the year's best cinematic pairings, their transition from strangers to acquaintances to partners to friends to something so much more absolutely exquisite.
Creed is a special film that pound for pound competes with the best heartstring-pulling of Rocky Balboa's 40-year screen odyssey but, crucially, looks to what's ahead in a very exciting way.
Simply put, Creed is a total triumph.
Creed is feels gritty and lived in, while also hitting technical highs like an astonishing single-take boxing match. It's funny and sweet and sad and scrappy. You never saw this one coming.
It's a formula film, executed to near perfection. And it wields a secret weapon: our nostalgia for the original.
Creed stands tall as one of the most entertaining sports films we've seen in years; a scintillating and, occasionally, moving piece with genuine heart, energy, depth and humour. Oh, and the fight scenes are brilliant.
Sure, this being Philly there's fair dollop of cheese with that steak. But Creed still packs a surprising punch.
Creed is a franchise-reinvigorating reboot that can hold its own alongside a very select few.
'Creed's' the kind of gritty, cozy, workaday tale we love in America, with more than a little in common with the hugely popular, also Philly-based MMA fight-film, 'Warrior.'
Its own great, singular achievement, outside of the considerable iconography.
Coogler and company get the essence of "Rocky," from the Italian Stallion's rambling, close-mouthed monologues to the woodwind and horn-based score to the cornball montages.
While it makes the bold move of turning Rocky into a supporting character, this solid slice of mainstream entertainment will please fans of the long-running boxing series.
Like a palooka charging from his corner, Creed plunges ahead with only a few sidesteps. (Director) Coogler takes his time with each development, endearing these already likable characters to the viewer even more.
An honest film the will thrill the thoughest and that can be enjoyed even by those who haven't seen the originals. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Ryan Coogler proves to be a filmmaker with a great capacity for narrative, and just like his character, he's trying to leave more than a good impression - a legacy. [Full Review in Spanish]
with Creed, the series really has returned to its roots... there's an earthiness and street quality that we haven't witnessed since the 1976 original.
This is everything we could have hoped for from a Rocky spinoff and more. It's a story about legacy, race, purpose, trust, and friendship.
Creed is able to succeed as an exceptionally entertaining sports story, and the groundwork for building an identity free from the past.
Stallone delivers a touching and wonderfully understated performance.
A powerful drama with great fight sequences and a superb camera work. [Full Review in Spanish]
The most romantic story in sports films the industry has ever contributed to pop culture. [Full Review in Spanish]
Creed may not reunite generations like Star Wars did, but has fiber and muscle to keep fighting. [Full Review in Spanish]
Creed reimagined a classic, while paying tribute to a character that remains after forty years. [Full Review in Spanish]
In this revival, there is not only talent, but also affection and intelligence. [Full Review in Spanish]
Coogler manages to make one of the best films in the series showing a Rocky full of courage and elegance. [Full Review in Spanish]
While this film is basically Rocky VII, it's also much more than that, and perhaps the best in the series as it tells a standalone story with energy and skill.
The plot is pretty simple, but it has a good start and a clear end, also has moments that easily remind us to Rocky(1976). [Full Review in Spanish]
A powerfull, emotional and well told story. [Full review in Spanish]
Sylvester Stallone reminds us why we fell in love with Rocky in the first place. [Full review in Spanish]
If Rocky was a K.O, Creed is a T.K.O.
The most beloved fighter in cinema does not stand anymore in the ring. [Full Review in Spanish]
It has enough original (and strange) elements to feel like its own entity and stand out. [Full review in Spanish]
Every round in this film is a knockout and it overall lives up to the franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
A serious treatment of the story of a young man trying to get out of his abscent father's shadow. [Full Review in Spanish]
Coogler draws on the traditional elements of Rocky's success - strength of character in adversity, old-fashioned romance and, of course, a climactic fight - and tricks them out for the mobile phone generation to give them a new lease of life.
Creed is a spectacular film, not just for the good script or the good acting but because it endorse the title of the saga.[Full Review in Spanish]
Creed feeds itself from nostalgia and offers a brand new vehicule to the young audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
A heavyweight in every sense that will keep you hooked from gritty start to celebratory finish.
Coogler, as shown in his film debut Fruitvale Station, shows his capacity to create an intimate drama and set the stage for a new icon in film boxing. [Full review in Spanish]
Coogler excels in his narrative with great storytelling and doses of humor in a story we all know, while inducing a "realness" factor into the typical sports movie melodrama (no easy task). [Full review in Spanish]
An utter accomplishment that works as a part of Rocky Balboa's tale, and as the beginning of a new underdog saga.
Any fan of the saga that doesn't feel the sweat in his eyes when seeing this film is simply dead inside. [Full review in Spanish]
It's amazing how hollywod keeps bringing back sagas, however, this time it feels like the new generation of filmmakers can surpass the originals. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not necessary to be a fan of the Rocky saga to enjoy this film. [Full review in Spanish]
Exciting and introspective, Creed is one of the best films of the Rocky saga. [Full review in Spanish]
So exciting it will make you want to go see it again immediately, something very rare these days. [Full review in Spanish]
Coogler expertly blends passion with precision and emotional storytelling with state-of-the-art technique in creating a movie that not only lives up to a legacy, but becomes a legend in its own right.
Is it cheesy? Hell yes, but that's to be expected, and Creed manages to be utterly fantastic at the same time.
Creed is a sure-fire hit that's impossible to hate but I may have to punch the next person who tells me it made them cry.
Coogler is skilled at stoking nostalgia while delivering something that feels both fresh and funny.
A terrific surprise of a film.
Coogler and Jordan bring an authenticity and intelligence that elevates Creed from the restrictions of a franchise movie.
What follows may be familiar fare, but Coogler somehow manages to revivify the series, aided by a punchy turn from Jordan and deceptively complex support from Tessa Thompson ...
Surprisingly thoughtful and stylish.
A shot of box-fresh blood.
A fresh-faced crowd-pleaser as smart and informed in the story's lore as it is rousing for Rocky fans and the uninitiated alike.
[Coogler] directs with muscular assurance, confident enough to deploy the old one-two combo of violence in the ring and sentiment outside the ropes.
Aside from continuing the Rocky story in a hugely satisfying manner, Creed also stands as an immensely enjoyable boxing movie in its own right.
If you can stomach the schmaltz and suspend your disbelief in the face of the film's pounding predictability, you'll find plenty to enjoy.
Stallone impresses most of all. Maybe it is time to hang up his Expendables gun and leave the elderly action-man stuff behind.
It's absorbing stuff.
The Rocky franchise long ago seemed to be on the ropes, but here, fully 40 years after the original, comes the seventh film in the series, and I'm pleased to report that it packs a genuine dramatic punch.
This add-on to the Rocky franchise boasts a comparably deft mix of crowd-pleasing familiarity and freshness, particularly in the shape of its canny new casting - a combination that's set to excite a new generation of fans.
It's a relief to watch this likable boxing picture, which finds a way to evolve the Rocky franchise with humour and humility.
Director Ryan Coogler knows exactly when to hit us with a training montage or an emotional speech, but he also throws some unexpected punches.
Coogler brings renewed energy to a four decades-old franchise. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Creed is as good as the original Rocky (seriously).
Harking back to the franchise's glory days, it's a movie hardcore Rocky fans will love.
From the perfectly judged poignancy to the beautifully choreographed and brutal bouts, Creed certainly goes the distance.
Subtly, smartly, writer-director Ryan Coogler bobs and weaves around racial identity even as this Rocky 2.0 expertly does what it's been coached to do--belt us with one bruising, pulsating boxing movie.
To call Creed the best Rocky movie since the original might seem faint praise to those who reflexively deride the sequels; it is in many ways a better-made movie than the somewhat rough-hewn Rocky.
Following the failure of the underrated Rocky Balboa, the Rocky series was on the canvas, the count nearing ten. Creed not only gets it - and Sly Stallone - back on its feet, but completely reinvigorates it.
Creed is part of a new (or should that be old?) wave of thinly disguised remakes masquerading as post-modern sequels to the iconic hits of yesteryear.
Ryan Coogler's sequel follows a "Rocky" road
Creed isn't complicated. It's a simple story with just enough humanity sprinkled throughout to capture the hearts and minds of audiences who -- trust me when I say this -- will be cheering at the end.
Stallone enjoys inspired chemistry with co-star Michael B. Jordan... and Ryan Coogler directs the hell out of the movie.
One of the best films of the Rocky series, worthy of the championship belt.
I love this movie. I do.
Coogler infuses his film with a genuine passion and unironic attachment to the original's best qualities, particularly its delicate balancing act between anguish and triumph
Irksomely epic in its dreariness and cheesiness, this is nevertheless a film that will appeal to the converted.
The smartest thing Sylvester Stallone did was to not write and/or direct this film. Ryan Coogler brings a fresh set of eyes to the project. Creed works both as part of a larger franchise and on its own massively entertaining terms.
The surest sign that Coogler has honored his source material is that Creed is populist through and through. His achievement... is that he gives his audience exactly what they want and makes it feel like a gift rather than a bribe.
I'm not afraid to say that Stallone could earn some award consideration for his work here.
Everyone is deserving of credit, but the holy trinity at play here is Coogler, Jordan, and Stallone.
With a loving look to the past and a confident glance towards the future, Creed is a triumphant entry in the Rocky franchise. This is Rocky V done right.
Along with Sicario, this has to be one of the most impressively shot movies of the year.
Rocky fans will recognise the many cues and nods to Balboa's previous adventures (including the iconic Philadelphia Steps sequence), and the 69-year-old Stallone gives one of his most affectionate performances.
Creed manages to rise above its well-worn premise and deliver a film that is at once stylish, engaging and ultimately moving.
There's a chance that Creed might have turned out just fine without Coogler at the helm. But that version of Creed would lack the chief detail that makes Coogler's film so good: perspective.
Writer-director Ryan Coogler ('Fruitvale Station') serves notice in this film that he is one of the best young writer-directors around. He shows a sure hand directing exciting boxing scenes, as well as convincing romantic and dramatic scenes.
Creed proves just good enough to be disappointing.
Anyone hoping the franchise might open out into new thematic territory will be disappointed; this is the same old ritual, from the amped-up training sequences to the climactic title fight with its absurd number of punches landed in every round.
Hey, Stallone does it again. Don't worry about it.
The Rocky franchise has a blessed, fortuitous history
Coogler has carried off some astonishing set pieces in Creed, including a two-round prizefight shot in a single, continuously mobile take. The scene would have been impressive had it been only a stunt; but like all true acts of cinema, it's more.
Coogler directed Jordan in the powerful Fruitvale Station, and he knows what he has in this actor.
Normally it would annoy me to see a movie that is such a blatant copy, but in this case, Creed feels more like an apology for the mediocre Rocky movies we've endured.
The title itself -- with 'Creed' replacing 'Rocky' -- is significant: It's a recognition of America's changing demography, and a rebuke to the movie industry's flimsy excuses for its diversity problem.
Jordan and Stallone trade great moments through muffled feelings and half-spoken sentences, ensuring we never feel the manipulative hand of Hollywood sliding up their boxers. The movie is subtle in many of the places it could have been obvious..
Creed is superior popular entertainment that shows that a mass audience can be electrified by a film that does not rely on elaborate set-pieces or complicated special effects.
Despite being a bit too long, Creed reveals Coogler as a solid writer and director. He manages to remain true to his indie roots while working on a mainstream Hollywood film.
The best Rocky movie since the original.
The rapport between Stallone and Jordan is fabulous, especially in the old-school training scenes, chasing chickens to improve speed and all the rest, that pay homage to the original, Oscar-winning 1976 film.
Creed moves the Rocky franchise into the present and gives it a future; Coogler makes the story his own, even as he pays respect to what has gone before.
One of the joys of Creed is seeing Rocky at peace. It's been a long time since Stallone was allowed to play a character who could listen rather than fight, who could be rather than do.
Creed packs a serious punch, replete with crunching fight sequences captured in a probing, prowling style.
At its core it's just another sports movie - and hell, a Part 7, no less - but there's a strong and sincere foundation that works resoundingly well.
It's got a terrific fight at the end, and all the proceeding stuff is professional and clear, while never being thrilling or surprising ... [a shot of a turtle is] the most blatant and risible phallic symbol I've seen in a movie in a long time.
I felt like I'd gone 12 rounds with someone who recited bad poetry while hitting me with a wet sock.
"Creed" is a tremendous movie that overcomes what might have been the longest odds of all - injecting some prestige back into the "Rocky" franchise.
It's an invigorating piece of nostalgia that fuels a bigger adrenaline rush with its climax than any big-budget blockbuster could provide.
Jordan is mighty fine as the young self-taught fighter with self worth issues, but it's the old action star, slipping right back into his creation's skin with humility and humor, who is "Creed's" beating heart.
Big-budget, studio-produced franchise films don't get any better than this.
What's disappointing about Creed is how slavishly it follows the template of the previous pictures. It's not bad -- it's the best entry since Rocky III -- but one's enjoyment depends entirely on how charitable one is feeling in the nostalgia department.
...a decent Rocky followup that could (and should) have been so much better (ie the movie is longer than any of the six preceding installments).
'Creed' is a winner.
Feels natural and organic, not forced by the dictates of movie franchises. A smart, engaging, unsentimental portrait of male friendship and male emotion.
'Creed' has the heart of a champion, and provides the modern updating necessary to give the 'Rocky' franchise a new lease on life.
Simultaneously crowd-pleasing and powerful, Creed hits the right tone and makes us care about the pugilism by making us care about the pugilists first.
By taking all the good will that was originally generated when "Rocky" won the Oscar for best picture and combining that with what little credibility remains in the character, Coogler packages together a tender, exciting and respectful film.
It is as much about us, and our association with this nearly 40-year series, as it is about its characters.
It's hokey, it's predictable and, if you're a fan, it's surprisingly engaging. A big reason is that Stallone-often an underrated actor -underplays the role.
Heartfelt, respectful franchise extender...The film chiefly uses the events of Rocky III as foreshadowing for this well-thought over story...It's very difficult to imagine anyone with even a passing interest in the Rocky films not enjoying Creed.
This film doesn't mark a continuation of the series. It marks a rebirth of it. One of the best films of the year.
The 7th Rocky movie looks pretty much like all the rest but it's so much fun and always a real treat to see Sly Stallone do his most famous character.
The name on the title card may have changed, but the Rocky legacy is alive and thriving in Creed.
Don't call it a comeback; the Rocky movies have been here for years.
The journey of Adonis Creed covers the same ground, but it all feels vital again thanks to extraordinary directorial care and an interest in revisiting the world of Rocky Balboa from a fresh angle.
Coogler keeps everything moving so gracefully that by the end of Creed, we almost don't know what hit us.
Whether the credit goes to the director or the actor or both, this is the performance of Stallone's career, one in which that age-defying orange body stays covered up but his sadness is in full view.
Creed delivers predictable uplift but, ultimately, fails to make a unique name for itself.
Creed attempts to create a new mythology (read: franchise) around a young boxer, the very fit Michael B. Jordan, by manufacturing cheap affection for a ghost of cinema past.
...a great balance of tender character moments and electric boxing-related events.
Ryan takes advantage of the fact Stallone is a solid character actor who got waylaid into stardom.
Don't think of Creed as Rocky VII. Think of it as an addition to the house Balboa built.
CREED goes the distance, and is the best ROCKY movie since the original.
The Oakland-born filmmaker Ryan Coogler has worked more miracles with the 40 year-old Rocky series.
Doesn't do nearly enough to alter, improve or revive the "Rocky" formula. Bits work, but there's not enough here for two hours and 13 more minutes of this saga.
Doing some deft shadow boxing with the increasingly wheezy, cheesy Rocky legacy, Coogler honours its 1976 roots -- getting some poignant support from Sylvester Stallone -- while giving the franchise some relevant, rousing 21st-century direction.
What Hollywood director would make a movie in which the hero braids his girlfriend's hair or confides to her his fear of failure?
We knew Creed was always a worthy opponent, but we never expected Creed to be such a worthy sequel/spin-off movie.
A familiar story that speaks to people of any age...'Creed' is fulfilling, crowd-pleasing, entertainment...
Creed is a movie that plays to type and presses a lot of emotional buttons, and it does it so well that you just might forget to rail against formula and cheer for the underdog once more.
The film is full of life and loose humor, and Creed often transcends the genre by playing with movie mythology.
Hot damn! Fruitvale Station director Coogler, 29, turbocharges the Rocky franchise. Jordan is stellar. And so irresistible is Stallone's blend of tough and tender that Oscar should give him points. Yo, Academy!
Not even Rocky can deliver a line like, "It's you against you; he's just in the ring" without sounding ridiculous
Adonis Creed is an American hero audiences could adore for a long time. He climbed the Rocky Steps right next to the Italian Stallion himself. What else is he capable of?
'Creed' is a winner and a sublime achievement that all audiences are going to love.
It's a hell of a movie, a funny mix of corn and street: street corn.
A winning, heartfelt story.... The best Rocky film since the first one.
Creed works better as an actual movie than it does as a Rocky movie, which is quite the compliment, considering that it's an excellent Rocky movie, too.
What a welcome surprise to find that Creed is so good, so satisfying that it gives Rocky -- and up-by-the-bootstraps sagas, in general -- a good name again.
It is not for me to reveal whether the skirmish will last its allotted 12 rounds. However, you should know it is 120 times the spectacle of that flippin' awful Mayweather-Pacquiao farce.
Creed stirs emotions with a strong yet artful hand.
Creed isn't a complete TKO, but it goes all 12 rounds with vitality and flourish.
The best "Rocky" film since the original. Stallone is Oscar caliber. Jordan is a star.
If you're up for an homage to Rocky, then ding-ding, "Creed" answers the bell.
At his best, his new film is both visually striking and expressive: those lightning opening vignettes, for example, convey the volatile, claustrophobic tensions of juvie in mere seconds.
Coogler manages to breathe enough new life into this offering to make it seem fresh and even new to a degree. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
... Hits many of the same story beats as the original "Rocky" but is very much its own entity, introducing a compelling new character and taking an old favorite into the most dramatically rich terrain he's encountered.
Feel-good boxing drama is both a hit and a miss.
It's fascinating to see Stallone hand over his franchise to a Black director and Black lead, especially in an era where films are being whitewashed and movie studios still refusing to accept the buying power of African-American audiences.
Yo, Sly! You might wanna practice that Oscar speech, the one you originally wrote back in 1976.
If you don't feel a thrill when, during that championship bout, the original "Rocky" theme suddenly kicks in, I can't help you.
There's a lot to like and more to love about this movie, but most of it comes down to Jordan, whose performance as Adonis is raw and rousing, and to Stallone, who at 69 does some of his best acting in years.
While passable, everything in Creed feels calculated
"Creed" packs a mighty punch.
A movie that reminds us why we loved the original, made by people who obviously cherish it as much as we do.
Creed is the first Rocky sequel that feels like the first Rocky. It's human-scaled, rambling and idiosyncratic, with emotional payoffs larger than life. I spent most of the running time crying my eyes out.
Coogler and co-writer Aaron Covington gracefully blend familiar elements of the Rocky franchise with a more contemporary look at a boxer's life.
A fascinating remix, it amazes by doing the unexpected in a sub-genre that's fatiguing with its dedication to formula.
As fun, stylish and gripping as the actual fights are, the charms in Creed are found in the interaction between Rocky and Adonis.
Cooger adds a few visual flourishes -- a fire eater appears in a darkened arena; Philly youth pull wheelies on their motor bikes -- that give Creed a bit of new style, but mainly the movie is same old same old.
Like the sport of boxing itself, the luster of the Rocky movies has faded over time. But Rocky Balboa has always been Stallone's achievement. It's a joy to spend a little more time with him, even if he's a little older and slower.
One of the year's warmest and most crowd-pleasing surprises.
Creed is a rare kind of franchise film. It pays homage to the first movie in the series but ultimately manages to step out of its shadow and stand on its own.
Despite getting laid out in excruciatingly graphic detail, the kid somehow comes roaring back, not so much struggling to his feet as leaping. Which is exactly what this energetic, hugely entertaining film does for the four-decades-old franchise.
Reprising the role that made him famous, Stallone turns in an award-worthy performance in the Rocky reboot Creed. He doesn't overplay things; he's downright humble and, let's face it, kind of adorable.
Rather than going through the motions of the Rocky tradition one more time, it's an honest-to-goodness movie, one that contains some serious artistry (Fox29 Philly)
Neither fans nor those new to the Rocky legend will be disappointed with what writer director Ryan Cooglar has done with Stallone's characters in what is probably his last appearance
The seventh "Rocky" film is uneven but gets by on Jordan's charisma and some stunning fight sequences.
True to the Rocky tradition but bringing it forward.
Within the inevitable boundaries of a venerable franchise, Coogler and company do fine work convincing us against our better judgment that nothing we see is preordained, that anything can happen within the four corners of the ring.
The themes of love, loyalty, ambition, honor and legacy that lend sinew to the story are delivered with such a clean punch that they as feel as fresh as they did in 1976.
It's surprising proof that iconic franchises that started in the 1970s can be revived in all the right ways. "Star Wars" fans, take note.
I feared signing on to Creed might derail Coogler's and Jordan's careers. Instead, this revitalizing crowd-pleaser solidifies my belief that these two have the potential to create really great art.
Often, extending a movie franchise signifies a lack of imagination. But "Creed" is a knockout.
Stallone can't let go of the spotlight, even though he barely has a handle on his own character. His Balboa has been Xeroxed too many times; he's all blurry around the edges.
Creed cares about these men as much as they care about each other. That comes through loud and clear, with a gut-punch degree of poignancy.
"Creed" is a dandy piece of entertainment, soothingly old-fashioned and bracingly up-to-date.
If the plot of "Creed" echoes the original "Rocky," at least it's echoing something worthwhile. But there are differences.
All eyes are on Jordan and rightly so, but Stallone also earns his place, reprising the downbeat, lovable lug from Rocky Balboa who struggled to get past emotional and physical blocks for one last shot at a title.
What makes Creed work as well as it does is the same thing that made the first Rocky the sleeper hit it was in 1976; writer Aaron Covington and writer/director Ryan Coogler give as much attention to what goes on outside the ring as within it.
Creed is not just a knockout boxing movie, it coaxes Rocky Balboa off the mat and revives an iconic American hero.
Manages to both satisfy fans and toy with expectations, twisting many of the clichés that Rocky helped propagate in order to craft a new bout of pugilism. Easily one of the best films of the season.
... easily Stallone's career-best performance, although honestly the bar was never set that high.
We can all only hope that we'll get to see Adonis on screen for just as long as we've seen Rocky.
a performance from Jordan that has the emotional urgency and fluid grace of a perfectly delivered left hook.
Creed is a reboot of the franchise and follows a very similar structure to the original movie. To that end, the movie repeatedly falls short.
Creed is the happiest surprise of the movie season, a mix of old and new that taps our reservoir of nostalgia and forges a path of its own. It serves comfort food with fresh ingredients.
Coogler knows what Stallone has always known: It's not about the fights. It's about making an audience feel deeply about the people involved in the fights.
It unabashedly manipulates audiences without guile, jerks tears, piles on hardships and smooths out conflicts on its way to a wholesome, uplifting finale. It is cornball as all get out, formulaic and wonderfully, amazingly delicious.
Creed understands the value of formulas and of archetypes, but more importantly, it knows how to push off them to find the unexpected. It feels familiar, as it should, but it is also, in its own right, electrifying.
The sleeper hit of the year. If you're not on your feet cheering by the end, check your pulse. You might be dead.
It doesn't muster the pure underdog audacity of the first "Rocky," but it does pair some exceptional actors with engaging characters.
Creed is a crowd-pleasing, franchise-extending nostalgia trip of the rarest sort: one that's not just enjoyable but inspired.
By contending with the unglamorous nature of professionally beating other people into unconsciousness, the film makes more time for its characters' inner lives.
Creed is formulaic and predictable, but it's also joyful and wise and tinged with lament, and it lands on the sweet spot between heartfelt art and mainstream entertainment too many Hollywood studios don't even try to hit.
The incredible Sylvester Stallone, now 69, carries himself like a man who has been physically bruised and emotionally battered yet deep down remains a fighter.
Creed reinvigorates the Rocky franchise while remaining true in both tone and spirit to the original film in a way that's both engaging and satisfying.
Coogler has created an energizing addition to the Rocky series that doesn't just succeed as a respectful passing of the torch, but as one of the best Rocky movies ever made.
With a deftly crafted blend of smarts and corn - of course there's corn, people, this is Rocky! - it earns our trust: It's gonna go right to the edge with the heartstring-tugging, but it won't go over.
Stallone has not only taken a risk on Coogler but submitted to a personal sea change. And when those trumpets do blare, a new actor emerges.
As Creed's rough-hewn boxer Donnie "Adonis" Johnson (née Creed), Jordan is granted another career-making role by [Ryan] Coogler.
As Weathers might have said on Arrested Development: Toughness, feeling, solid action, good performances: You got yourself a stew, man.
"Creed" is the best Rocky movie in a long time - largely because, frankly, it uses Sylvester Stallone as the sensitive actor he'd always aimed at being, and not the bombastic filmmaker he became.
Creed is an echo. It's a call back to every other Rocky movie, and while it's good, it can't create separation from the powerful legacy of the Rocky series.
A moving final round for Stallone's most enduring creation.
The movie's tropes are comforting in their familiarity. The tale of a decent hero fighting long odds never gets old.
Time adds layers to stories. What was a plot device for Rocky IV now paved the way for the story of a son's struggle for identity, forgiveness and allows him to make an impact on a legend.
Do not miss this film. It's the best in the franchise since 1976.
Equally powerful and feel-good, Creed is an entertaining reminder that this franchise isn't down for the count yet.
Creed leaves all doubts flat on the mat. It's a rousing, crowd-pleasing blast of entertainment that is not only a well-made sports movie but is also a soulful, cinematic love letter to Philadelphia, the city that has become synonymous with Rocky Balboa.
Once again, I find myself saying if this is the last time we see Rocky Balboa, it's a worthy encore.
And yet the film is not only the franchise's most visually dynamic, it's an emotional powerhouse that recaptures everything that made "Rocky" great.
Proves that there's life in the old Italian Stallion yet...if you doubted that the 'Rocky' franchise could use still another episode, 'Creed' should make you a believer.
'Rocky' and the next Roman numeral might not be in the title, but this engaging and faithful seventh episode includes all the fixins for a highly-recommended spin-off of the storied franchise.
This is one of the best films of 2015.
In "Creed," "Rocky" finally has a worthy successor. For many reasons.
Creed works far better than it should, and does so twice: as the unexpected payoff to a nearly 40-year-old series, and as the confirmation of a major talent in its director.
[G]o-for-broke range of emotions, dealing with ambition, talent, legacy, romance... Stallone? At his minimalist best as a man of the streets, shouldering years of quiet living: where has this fine actor been hiding these recent years?
It's [director Ryan] Coogler's personal touches and vision that elevate Creed from the ordinary.
Questionable as a film (sparring with formula), good as a movie, and brilliant as a franchise-extender. It's shameless, near-surgically effective cross-generational corn for guys.
When the usual franchise tropes are busted out they're done in a way that's filtered through a new voice.
The burly backstory and weight of personal history don't stall the drama but provide its fuel.
2015 has seen its share of sequels; perhaps surprisingly, Creed is among the best.
Don't go assuming this is just another undercard in the Rocky series. After a somewhat predictable start, Ryan Coogler digs in to deliver what is undeniably a hit to the heart: the most emotionally satisfying crescendo of the year.
Creed is corny like the old Rocky films, but riveting like the old Rocky films, too.
The great irony of Ryan Coogler's Creed is that it is among the more grounded entries in the Rocky series yet acts as a direct sequel to the ultra-fantastical Rocky IV.
Ryan Coogler accomplished what would have seemed impossible 40 years ago: He got the audience to chant "Creed!" in a Rocky movie.
This seventh film in the Rocky series sticks to the creed they all do: it knows how well the formula works, what's needed to reinvigorate it, and gets the whole apparatus pumping as well here as it has in a generation.
Albeit familiar, Sylvester Stallone in this redemptive, crowd-pleasing spinoff could even be a Best Supporting Actor Oscar contender. Wouldn't that be a knockout punch?
With "Creed," Coogler proves he is one of the most skillful young directors around. Turns out we really did need another "Rocky" movie. It just needed to keep Rocky in perspective, and in proportion.
There is nothing bad about Creed, but there is nothing special that makes it stand out. It is literally a beat-for-beat reboot of the original Rocky.
Rousing in spirit, surprisingly emotional and visually dynamic, filmmaker Ryan Coogler's first studio movie is a worthy successor to the 'Rocky' movies.
A darn fine boxing movie that pays tribute to the Rocky legacy in a way that fans of those movies should thoroughly enjoy.
With apologies to Clubber Lang and Ivan Drago, Ryan Coogler's rousingly emotional new film is the best installment since the 1976 original.
That one-two punch of expectations - energizing a franchise and burnishing the acclaim heaped upon Fruitvale Station - seems to have gotten the best of Ryan Coogler, so that Creed emerges as a reverent entry but never a truly refreshed one.
Although highlighted by Michael B. Jordan's formidable charisma, "Creed" is only sporadically compelling, resulting in a movie that never quite shakes the impression that it's a novel but not particularly necessary addition to the Rocky series.
Adonis Creed is fighting under the shadow of his father's legacy. Creed is fighting against the legacy of the Rocky sequels. In the end, Creed is a true champion.
Not only lives up to the best of its predecessors, but also respectfully forges its own path.
The film keeps pounding through the predictable set-up and storyline until finally, when you think it can fight no longer and will have to throw in the towel, it charges back with some scenes of originality, pathos and, in ever-so-swift jabs, excitement.
Coogler makes the transition from the indie world to big-budget studio filmmaking with a result that's sturdy and smooth. Buffed into ring-ready shape, Jordan acquits himself well both in and out of the ring ...
An old franchise flies high again.

@highlight

Creed brings the Rocky franchise off the mat for a surprisingly effective seventh round that extends the boxer's saga in interesting new directions while staying true to its classic predecessors' roots.