[Steven] Soderbergh has returned to fashion a documentary/tribute that's loving, moving and funny.
it's as painful to listen to and watch as it is astonishing that I should feel this kind of connection to someone I never met, and never will.
It's all quite deeply moving, and if you remain untouched by the end credits, you have some self-examination of your own to do.
allows Gray to speak of his life and its significance entirely in his own words without any intrusive talking heads or academic pontification
Soderbergh's creation doesn't fill in any blanks about Gray, and the film is not for the uninitiated, but even ardent fans will have trouble warming up to every detail.
Soderbergh's editing neatly duplicates Gray's methods, showing us how memory treats the same material at different stages in a life, applying those different coats and shades of lacquer.
Gray ended his life in January 2004, but director Steven Soderbergh and editor Susan Littenberg have resurrected the beloved actor and monologuist in a sort of performance collage.
A tangible emotional aspect and lovely quality of And Everything is Going Fine is that of a friend trying to understand the process that led to a loved-one's suicide.
This was obviously a labor of love for Soderbergh, and a fitting memorial to the artist.
An absorbing, entertaining, amusing and wrenching film in which Gray tells the story of his entire life in a cleverly edited string of clips from various performances and interviews filmed over nearly 40 years.
A brilliantly conceived documentary, one with uncommon respect for -- and understanding of -- its subject's life and art.
It is a fitting and beguiling coda to a man who never shied from laying all his cards on the table in order to reveal all, only his 2004 suicide an unsettling mystery the truth of which no one will ever truly know the answer behind.
The late Spalding Gray is the subject of this conceptual documentary, which cleverly uses the actor-performer's own biographical monologues to tell his life story. It's so well-assembled that we really feel like we get to know him in the process.
This is not a standard bio-documentary. It is the artist giving us a guided tour of himself, through a mosaic of clips from his shows and TV interviews, craftily assembled by Soderbergh.
You're left with as rich a sense of this man as you would in a more typical work of nonfiction. But the film's deceptive, meticulous editing also reveals that Gray's odd ambition met a cultural moment in which it could take root and thrive.
It provides little insight into the actor/writer/playwright/monologuist's life that Gray does not provide himself.
No stone is left unturned with the copious interviews assembled over the years interspersed with the one-man shows. This is a heart-felt documentary that needs to be seen.
What the director does best is move back and forth between funny stage anecdotes...to deadly serious discussion of the stories's underpinnings...
Think of the film as Gray's final monologue.
touching, funny, tragic, heartening
...an incomplete portrait, but...a thoroughly arresting one for sure.
Absorbing documentary on the career of actor, storyteller, and performance artist, Spalding Gray.
Spalding Gray's new film, "And Everything Is Going Fine," is 89 minutes long. What a coincidence! That's exactly 89 more minutes of Spalding Gray than I can stand.
Soderbergh imposes a shape until the film begins to feel less like puzzle pieces in search of their place and more like one seamless picture: with this collage of the artist's past work, he's created an entirely new final monologue for Gray.
Among other things, a tour de force of smart and sensitive editing.
Amalgam of clips (and nothing more) of the late comedic monologist Spalding Gray's performances, TV interview appearances and home movies is strictly for his fans.
It's ultimately a celebration of Gray's irrepressible lust for life and bottomless curiosity about the strange and beautiful world around him. It does justice to a subject who made his life and death works of art.
In many ways, a memorial meeting for the late, lamented and supremely talented Spalding Gray.
You still leave hoping he ultimately found peace and enlightenment, two things he graciously gave to those of us who hung on his every word.
A documentary look at Gray's life told by, who else, Spalding Gray. It's only fitting that that his life is told in his own words
Seen as his final monologue, the film is both an invaluable portfolio of his talent, and a tribute rendered in the style of its subject.
Weaving performance and interview clips into an autobiographical collage on behalf of storyteller Spalding Gray, Steven Soderbergh delivers a poignant eulogy.

@highlight

Even if And Everything Is Going Fine isn't one of Soderbergh's more commercial efforts, this collection of judiciously edited performance footage of the late monologist Spalding Gray gave the director a chance to show a rarely-seen side of his artistry.