Kurylenko is certainly gorgeous, but can't match Craig as a thespian, and the necessary chemistry between them is merely mundane.
If they want to keep making movies like this with Daniel Craig as a British secret agent, I think they should at least change his name to something besides Bond.
It surpasses its predecessor in almost every way and delivers the best Bond film in over a decade.
Go see Quantum of Solace. Not that you weren't going to anyway.
It may lack the grandeur and substance of Casino Royale, but Quantum of Solace is nevertheless a unique and thrilling Bond film.
It's a heavy-hearted film for a weary time. During a little coda in Russia it takes a deep breath and attempts a serious conclusion but merely ends up being solemn.
It's good, yes, but it won't leave you shaken or stirred.
Bottom line: it's a better Bond movie than most, but not as good as Casino Royale.
New director Marc Forster was a unusual choice. Personally, I think it was a good call.
Craig may be ill-served by the material on this occasion, but his committed performance as the spy hero remains eminently watchable.
Forster doesn't stint on the trauma of Bond, whom we see shaken and stirred during the course of a six-martini flight across the Atlantic. You love to watch him run, but you don't especially want to be him this time around.
Quantum of Solace reminds us that James Bond may be one cold cat, but he had to sacrifice a lot to get that cold.
Where did the great hero go, the one from Sean Connery in Goldfinger to Daniel Craig himself in Casino Royale, the elegant killer spy who spews memorable lines, his world-traveling adventures engorged with intrigue and mysterious women?
Director Marc Forster gets the action scenes right but never shapes the film as a whole. And if Craig, a talented actor, wants to be a Bond for the ages, he needs to lighten up. James Bond shouldn't be all work and no play.
This Bond for the 21st century is scarred physically and emotionally from his almost super-human efforts for country and Queen, and you believe there are layers to his psyche that will continue to define him in the movies to come.
Despite one or two forgivable gaps in logic, this is a lean and mean make-over that works.
It's not Octopussy bad -- parts of Quantum are as thrilling as any in the 22-film franchise -- but it's a huge disappointment, especially after Casino Royale renewed 007's licence to thrill.
In Quantum of Solace, 007 isn't interested in saving the world. He'll be lucky if he can save his own soul.
In choosing to define Bond through ruthless action, Forster and Craig (who really is brilliant here, delivering a muscular performance in every sense of the word) have unleashed a very dark, nihilistic streak that makes it easier to swallow his motivation
Maybe Bond is still an action figure whose default setting is beating up bad guys, pulling out a gun and running across roofs. But if boys have to be boys, it's a huge relief to know the new Bond age is confident enough to keep them conflicted about it.
If the plot confuses, just sit back and enjoy the thrilling set pieces.
What's left is plenty of well-staged action from Italy to Haiti to South America and beyond. It is expensively produced -- all the money shows.
Quantum of Solace is energetic enough and muscular enough to make you walk a little taller, a little more confidently, on your way back through the theater parking lot. But it's not a film that will stay with you much past that.
Quantum is still a very good Bond movie (if not quite a match for Casino, which was a great one).
Mostly impressive performances, then, and while undeniably thrilling for the most part, Quantum of Solace just lacks the depth and emotion of its predecessor.
Quantum of Solace barely feels like a Bond movie, what with all the staple elements of the franchise stripped bare in an effort to make an even more "realistic" adventure.
Even dialogue scenes are paced like high-octane setpieces. There's very little downtime in this tale.
I also was really disappointed in the villain in this because I just felt I could blow him over with a little puff of air, and that's not a good feeling with a Bond movie.
Like nearly every filmmaker these days (one exception: Paul Greengrass last year in The Bourne Ultimatum), Forster confuses meaningless cutting and shaky camera work with excitement.
It is the very in your face style of action that was hinted at in Casino Royale, but has come full circle here in the second film delivering an experience unlike anything we've seen from this franchise in a long time, if ever.
Director Marc Forster doesn't skimp on action-intensive set pieces, but doesn't stage them very coherently or compellingly either; Quantum of Solace is so constantly climactic that it's anti-climactic.
In the end, it's all a narrative contrivance to link one technically slick, shallow action sequence to the next, with Craig's raw Bondian charisma supplying a thin veneer of dramatic gravitas.
This is 007 down to the essence: kiss kiss bang bang, minus the kiss kiss. Well, you've had your quantum of solace, Mr. Bond. Now have a vodka martini and relax.
Shouldn't a Bond film worth the name be simply enjoyable? Even a chase that ends with Bond and his quarry crashing through a glass dome onto a pair of scaffolding towers... induces exhaustion rather than excitement.
Although it's not the most crushing disappointment of all time -- finding you have won the lottery but lost the ticket is probably more crushing, I imagine -- it is still a crushing disappointment.
Quantum of Solace gives us James Bond doing what he does best. Let's just hope next time, he's given a more interesting universe to do it in.
This time around, Bond's biggest adversaries are those behind the camera.
Never reaches the heights of Daniel Craig's first outing as 007, but it's enjoyable enough and continues the path of redeeming the franchise.
This may not make my list of Top 5 Bond films, but it's unfair to expect that every time. But, it's one hell of an action movie, and a "satisfying enough" Bond film.
James Bond embraces the Jason Bourne model with Quantum of Solace, a rough-and-tough 007 adventure whose aspirations are admirable, even if the aesthetics are not.
At times, you feel you can see the character - and by proxy the writers - actually thinking, "So what now?"
The film lacks quips, Q and gadgets. But it is nonstop action.
Much has been made of the absence of Bond's signature quips, but there's something else that's absent: interest.
Compared to the rest of the Bond series, Quantum Of Solace is something of an aberration (especially given the unorthodox ending) so it's just as well that Craig stays on target. He is, without doubt, the best Bond thus far.
Complain about the re-invention all you want, at least it doesn't feel like Benny Hill with a gun anymore.
This Bond -- number 22 if you're counting -- is ruthless, efficient, and tough as nails.
Turns out to be almost as bad as its title.
Quantum of Solace feels more like a competent second act than a stand-alone film.
Dismal and unexciting
I'm so turned off by this, I don't even have the energy to trash it. Why should I think of something clever to write? The authors clearly didn't see that as a mandate.
... Better than the average action movie and I'm still looking forward to future installments. But it falls well short of Casino Royale's greatness.
As an action movie, Quantum of Solace is solid, albeit nothing memorable. But this is James Bond.
If only [Bond] had a villain as self-reflective as Heath Ledger's Joker to ask 'Why so serious?'
No one wants to watch Bond chase after Osama Bin Laden and switch off his dialysis machine with a bad one liner. On second thought, maybe that would be great?
the tougher, rougher version of Bond as incarnated by Daniel Craig is harder than ever; already a steely and unflappable man of action, he's now driven by anger and vengeance, which turns Craig's flinty blue eyes into razor-sharp ice chips and every actio
If it wasn't following such an excellent 21st Bond movie, it would be considered a big step forward. Instead, it'll settle for the more modest label of "another good one."
Quantum of Solace is the most obtuse title of the year. Maybe it means kick-a** action. If so, it's a very apt title. Don't be late arriving at the theater. The pre-opening credit sequence to Quantum of Solace goes just 15 seconds before the
(...) Dominic Greene es un antagonista anodino, cuya falta de escrúpulos está puesta en palabras pero jamás se siente como una verdadera amenaza, ni para Bond ni para nadie.
Will have viewers looking for the next Bond adventure in a couple of years.
Craig is the sole reason Quantum of Solace passes muster.
Because the much more serious tone was so different than previous installments of Ian Fleming's legendary series, Daniel Craig's debut felt refreshingly updated despite the film's flaws.
Incomprehensible, blandly motivated, and flat-out dull.
Quantum makes us understand the importance of a good director, which is sadly absent here.
A solid sequel for the reinvented franchise.
With the possible exception of Licence to Kill, this is the worst Bond movie ever.
While it's a severe step back from Casino Royale, Quantum is a solid effort that looks more at the vengeful, dark side of bond.
The movie is not as good as its predecessor and somewhat hard to follow due to the fast-paced dialogue.
Plenty of thrills, just enough bedroom action, and a smattering of witty retorts to keep things crackling.
If you're a fan of excessive force (and what red-blooded American moviegoer is not?) you can ride the camera lens right into the baddie's face.
It doesn't feel like a Bond movie but the middle of a Bond trilogy.
Fresh on the T-Meter, but just barely. It's evident that Forster is out of his element at the helm.
Nothing but a big~budget mess.
Although not as good as Craig's initial outing as Bond in "Casino Royale," "Quantum of Solace" signals better things to come for the baddest spy in cinema.
Blurred, not stirred.
Hats off to Daniel Craig. Those attempting the next Hollywood video game adaptation would do well to take note.
There is a Bond girl, of course. You can take the catchphrases and the gadgets out, it appears, but leave the sultry ladies alone.
Craig returns to a role allowing him to park any expressions other than "dour" in the lot outside the studio gate.
...the plot is just so much noise in the end, somehow both over- and underdone.
An intriguingly internalised central plot and outrageously exhilarating action
Not as good as "Casino Royale" was, but it is as good as many Bond films.
... while it has James Bond as the lead character, it doesn't feel like a James Bond film. Even the worst films in the 007 series have a style that is unmistakably Bond ...
Meaner, leaner and faster than ever, the new-fashioned, down-to-earth Bond movie might have a typically tangled plot and Daniel Craig scowling a tad too much, but the Bourne-inspired action is sensational.
The truly amazing achievement is that - after all these years and all the bad puns, self-parody, and formulaic regurgitation - the new Bond films manage to make the audience take 007 seriously again, instead of smirking at the same-old-same-old.
This Bond is also a bit of a jerk, taking what he wants when he wants it and acting on an instinct that leaves little room for moral debate. Seen in this light, Craig is the perfect storm of Bondian class and mayhem.
Action from start to finish; Craig is quickly gaining on Connery as the best Bond ever.
The opera sequence served briefly to arouse my already flagging interest, but what followed plunged me into galloping ennui. Put bluntly, the movie bored the hell out of me.
Director Marc Forster has made a first rate action thriller -- in fact, it's one of the year's best. Next time, however, we'd like to be reminded that the hero of the movie is called Bond...James Bond.
Let's hope this is a one-off aberration, because though it's all very efficient it lacks heart and soul and substance.
... a darker continuation of the Casino Royal story line ... a good fast-paced action film, but not a great Bond film.
A brisk, grim story that might as well have been called Monotony of Tone.
Fast, furious, but not much fun. Lighten up, James.
For today's cultural climate, it cleverly features the ultimate corporate villain, Mr. Greene, who masquerades as eco-friendly green.
Wait. Be patient.The action happens in 'Quantum of Solace.' It just takes some time to get going. About three seconds.
Here's an idea: get Adam Shankman to do the next one, from a script by Akiva Goldsman--let's see Bond wriggle out of that one.
Now that 007 has got Vesper out of his system, maybe we'll get a Bond flick that doesn't just smolder but is genuinely combustible.
It's ironic: After all these years of surviving everything that has been thrown at him, James Bond is finally being undone by his own team.
Daniel Craig's James Bond is already expected to shoulder the karmic burden of more than four full decades of PG-13 callousness.
Owes more of a karmic debt, in stylistic terms, to Paul Greengrass' Bourne Supremacy than to the amused elegance of Sean Connery.
The movie rarely lets up with elaborately orchestrated big budget excitement.
A rather solid action flick, but it's barely Bond.
Will be remembered for the missing ingredients of the cocktail we know as Bond, and for the quantum of special entertainment it only partially provides us.
This is a decent spy thriller on an adult level. The tone is downbeat, but it is still one of the best in the series.
Tries to copy the breathlessness of the Bourne franchise.
"Quantum of Solace" will satisfy most Bond fans. But (it) is more of a set-up for what is to come and more than anything it whets your appetite for future missions.
The evolution of James Bond... continues, and the studio is taking no chances with their secret agent reboot by building on their already-successful foundation.
[Craig] seems rigidified, with no more inner life than a mechanical action figure.
'Quantum of Solace' still has enough substance to keep you engaged and happy to see Bond again.
The Producers have forgotten what makes Bond unique. Bond is supposed to be fun, over the top escapism. Not gritty and real. We want to be Bond, not have Bond be us. Solace is one relentlessly dour, emotionless movie.
Nothing less than a crushing disappointment - a barely plotted, poorly filmed, hyper-edited and most of all utterly flat vehicle
Okay, so it isn't Sean Connery, but Quantum of Solace is an enjoyable action-packed popcorn flick, with explosions galore and exciting chase scenes throughout.
Quantum of Solace is a fantastic ride, but here's hoping that when James Bond returns, he can stir us while enjoying a shaken martini or two.
The plot's development is obvious and then ridiculous, and the numerous fights and chases all begin to look alike after a while.
The only thing that's shaken is the camera work and I certainly wasn't stirred by a dang thing. This isn't a Bergman film: Bond can search his soul on his own time.
I can understand fans of campier Bonds not liking Craig generally, but his version is gradually learning to have a sense of humor, so maybe you'll like his next one better.
We get bullets flying, stuff blowing up real good and the kind of slice-and-dice editing that renders all that action all but impossible to follow. What we don't get, alas, is much character development or emotional depth.
I'm still not convinced Daniel Craig's James Bond is completely developed yet, but paced better than its predecessor, Quantum of Solace is certainly a thrilling, action-packed move in the right direction.
It's an action movie, it does a fine job updating Bond for the present, and it doesn't dumb him down in the process. The movie rocks. Loved it.
The 22nd film in the James Bond series is a passable Bond thriller.
Fun enough but disturbingly familiar
It has the dubious honor of being the first Bond film that manages to be downright boring.
I don't need the producers of the James Bond series to turn their superspy into a Jason Bourne clone... and if that weren't frustrating enough, they haven't even done it very well.
Forster could craft Quantum of Solace into a thoughtful rumination on revenge and what it does to the soul or he could blow stuff up. Guess what he does.
There's a bit of a sense of Bourne style action except you can follow it.
Despite its faults, I can still say with relative assurance this is the best Bond film since "Thunderball."
Quantum of Solace prompts the question: Is revenge the only possible motive for large-scale movie heroism these days?
This isn't your daddy's James Bond. Gone is the shaken, not-stirred, martini-swilling, smart-assed letch that beds babes by the bunch.
As an action movie, Quantum of Solace is passable ... As a Bond movie, it's a mess.
They certainly know how to do 'Solace.' But we're talking about Bond. The-once urbane testosterone magnet for hot chicks, iced alcohol and oddly-amusing villains has just been replaced by Mr. Mopes.
One murder offers a witty if gruesome nod to 'Goldfinger,' and a clever visual metaphor for the idea that dependence on oil could mean the death of the free world.
It's a ton of fun with plenty of action and excitement... While not as perfect as Casino Royale, Quantum of Solace is a worthy follow-up.
Quantum of Solace is a model of mediocrity, even though Daniel Craig gives his all to a production that doesn't deserve him.
The Quantum of Solace filmmakers have produced a super-serious, often visually incoherent travelogue of revenge and trumped-up angst.
If Quantum is not as instantly memorable as Casino Royale, it's still a dandy, clever addition to the Bond series.
Forster, a director of upscale tearjerkers, has no feel for action sequences. The big chases, of which there are several, could all be replaced with a title card reading, 'Insert action here'.
It goes a hint beyond average. With that said, I can't wait for the next, because it appears they have finally shed the revenge and we can see what else our Blond Bond can do with the famous role.
Quantum of Solace is best when director Marc Forster allows his star the latitude to explore emotions that, until Craig stepped into the shoes of the character, we didn't know Bond had.
Quantum of Solace always looks and sounds terrific, with top-notch production values and a superb score by David Arnold that always sounds fresh while evoking Bond scores past.
Craig has all the charm, charisma, confidence and looks that are needed to play Bond, and in my opinion Sean Connery is the only one who has done it better.
This is the least satisfying production since The Living Daylights.
Quantum -- the 22d 'official' Bond picture, 24th including the rogue Bonds -- is never less than engaging.
There is some real psychological depth, several thrilling action scenes and set-pieces, and a sense that an effort is being made to build a newfangled Bond from the inside-out.
In the end it's all too fast and too furious -- and far too obsessed with exercising its license to thrill.
Revenge is a dish best served with bullets, high explosives and giant rolling flameballs. In Quantum of Solace, James Bond orders the revenge buffet, deluxe.
This movie is great - just not in any of the ways you'd expect.
Quantum of Solace never really engages you in the mechanical but transporting way the best Bond movies do.
Quantum's worst miscalculation is letting Bond's dark side cast shadows over everything else. For all of its fantastic stunts and exotic settings, it's a mostly joyless romp.
This glum effort, as directed by Marc Forster, plays like a Bourne movie with the reels in the wrong order. It's frantic but never goes anywhere.
Quantum of Solace is a thrilling display of action, and it goes at a frenetic pace.
If you held up your thumb over Daniel Craig's face and took in the mayhem around him, you'd think you were watching The Bourne Simulation rather than the 22nd (and shortest-ever) ode to Ian Fleming's suave government killer.
It's like Casino Royale with cheese: Daniel Craig's second outing as 007 has all the action it needs and then some, but lacks the focus of its predecessor.
With [this] too-shaken sequel, the Bond market experiences a dip.
Mr. White ultimately leads Bond to one Mr. Slate, who in turn leads him to a Mr. Greene. That's right: The global conspiracy this time around isn't SPECTRE, but some rogue wing of the United Colors of Benetton.
The problems can be traced to a screenplay that is stuffed with internecine plot points and shades-of-gray complexities, but little else: no character-sharpening details and none of the wit and charm that buoyed Casino Royale.
Though Casino Royale rejuvenated Bond's character in crisply entertaining style, the franchise has plunged downward again more steeply than the neckline of a Russian spy.
Frankly, Quantum of Solace is just one exasperated dressing down away from being Lethal Weapon 9.
An entertaining mess full of jarring editing and artsy touches.
Craig's 2nd Bond grittier, angrier than his first.
The latest Bourne adventure lacks the clarity and vigor of the previous ... oh, wait, Quantum of Solace is a Bond movie?
This year's Bond Villain means to make a mint off water.
...a necessary but minor chapter, one in which loose ends are tied up and accounts are reconciled. Bond has been broken and something cool and malevolent has appeared in his eyes. Our monster has been made but he's not finished. He's still rough. It could
The latest Bond movie can't top its smashing predecessor, but it more than lives up to its action-packed trailer.
While I'm most definitely disappointed with the film- I still enjoyed it once I accepted the fact that it bares no resemblance to the Bond franchise that I know and love
As a James Bond movie, Quantum of Solace disappoints, but as a drama about an angry, angst-ridden spy, it's pretty solid.
The movie does its job: It slams you against a wall for the better part of two hours, and leaves you in a happy, gasping heap on the floor. Well, in a gasping heap, anyway. But it's too choppy and humorless to do much more than that.
This may seem heretical to those of us who grew up and revered Sean Connery in the role, but Craig is the first Bond who makes you forget Connery.
Parental Content Review
Bond's one-liners are replaced by stoic stares. The flirty martini has been traded in for self-hating binge drinking. And even 007's bedroom shenanigans are condensed to a mere quickie.
...a misguided, downright interminable piece of work that surely marks the nadir of the James Bond series...
The 22nd Bond film too often seems like an old friend on the wrong anti-depressant: still the person you love, but the rhythm's off and the precious moments fewer and further between.
Does not live up to expectations, losing the sense of all the unique Bond elements, including James himself, who no longer tosses off darkly comic lines and doesn't even know what martini he's drinking. Daniel Craig is still excellent but he's no longer a
In short, we are not satisfied. For starters, it lacks the heart Eva Green's Vesper gave the previous film. Like Bond, we miss her.
The wall-to-wall action, while quite entertaining, overshadows the refreshed Bond character just enough to make the movie look a little too much like it would rather be about Bourne.
Craig and Dench alone are enough to keep it entertaining, superior to the goofy Pierce Brosnan flicks if not nearly as impressive as Casino Royale.
It will be curious to see how Casino Royale enthusiasts react to Quantum of Solace. Their action palette will certainly be quenched but they may be thirsty again immediately after.
While the flick is a disappointment and a pointless continuation of Casino Royale, the hard to watch action scenes still warrant the film one viewing.
Gone is the sophisticated humor, but it's a good action film. It's just not James Bond.
A fairly non-descript action extravaganza that may excite those who only want to see 100 minutes of anonymous chases and explosions but which will leave those in the mood for an authentic Bond film feeling anything but shaken and stirred.
Rather than feeling lean and mean, the film just feels rushed and short, as if the filmmakers were simply shrugging, "that's it... that's all we've got right now."
It's not that Quantum of Solace disappoints, so much as it doesn't live up to the promise no doubt unfairly expected after the brilliance of Casino Royale.
While Casino Royale was the perfect mix of the old and new, Quantum of Solace, while oftentimes thrilling, is more of a downtrodden experience that only shows a sporadic sense of humor.
I can't imagine anyone not enjoying the adventure, but this latest 007 flick plays more like a post-script to "Casino Royale" than a full-blooded Bond adventure.
so jam-packed with stuntwork, shootouts, and standoffs that the conspiracy-oriented plot can barely get a word in edgewise.
If it doesn't match the very high bar set by Royale, neither does it let the franchise fall unduly far from that mark.
dynamic even as Bond never seems to break a metaphorical sweat and barely a literal one
'Quantum of Solace' has all the bone-breaking stunt work of its predecessor but lacks some of the brain and the heart that made 'Casino Royale' work so well.
The plotting is a bit convoluted, and it relies on your knowledge of the earlier film. Still, it doesn't really get in the way of the action, which is why people pay to see these movies in the first place.
Quantum is content merely to be the second episode in what's shaping up to be a viable series, good enough but disappointing for those expecting greatness.
Forster is elbowing us to agree that the franchise in his reins is just another spectacle.
Daniel Craig still dazzles, but it's all go-go-go - an efficient, mostly entertaining action-packed revenge coda to "Casino Royale" that nevertheless feels like tossed-off transition than tactile Bond. Let's just do this jittery journeyman bit once.
Three years ago, before Casino Royale, Quantum would have been a pretty good Bond flick. Two pair isn't a bad hand. It's just anticlimactic after a royal flush.
More like "The Bond Ultimatum," this is the Bournization of Bond. This Bond is almost feral. He is seldom sure but he never, ever stops.
We can only blame Casino Royale. The 2006 reboot of James Bond was so brilliant, so satisfying, so organically of the moment that it could only prove hard to top, and even hard to equal.
Solace turns 007 into a bore. Even worse, he's a bore with once killer moves that are impossible to appreciate viewed through Forster's distorted touch.
It isn't long before we're again immersed in the Bond mystique.
Not every director is well-suited to Bondland. "There's something horribly efficient about you," Kurylenko says to Craig at one point. The same goes for the film.
Bond barrels his way through expertly staged set-pieces and brutal action scenes,... a welcome return to the earliest days of the series, before tricks, gags and bad acting took over the films.
While action-packed and eye-popping, without the mischievous 007 wit and iconic catchphrases, Craig's tight-lipped superspy emerges as a humorless, vengeful killing machine.
Quantum of Solace isn't frivolous or cheesy, but it isn't all that much fun either. Craig is still the right guy for the job, but for his boiling-on-the-inside performance to work, he needs more to play with.
This is a lesser Bond outing, squandering some of the potential suggested by its predecessor but still worth seeing for its energetic fight scenes and chase sequences.
Forster is indeed a fine director, but he's hardly a specialist in action films, and it shows. He can't quite keep things moving fast enough to speed past the absurdity of the premise.
There isn't much plot between the action set pieces, and precious little character development beyond Craig's and Dench's continuing evolution.
With his cool blue-eyed gaze and assured athletic moves, Craig holds this insanely uneven movie together.
Quantum of Solace benefits from imaginatively conceived action sequences and from a director, Marc Forster, who knows how to film them.
The novelty of the franchise reboot hasn't so much worn off as been squandered on a scenario lacking in genuine thrills and long on ill-advised navel-gazing.
Overwrought, incoherent and unfortunately dated -- a deadly thing for a Bond movie.
The action and eye candy may be worth the ticket price, but this Bond needs to get back to business.
The result isn't bland, but it's not exactly Bond either.
All dressed up with no particular place to go, this 22nd Bond film tries hard but ends up an underachiever.
Quantum of Solace is the rocking-but-unsatisfying-on-its-own encore to Casino Royale's full set-list and, now, the lights are up and the show is over. I can't wait to hear the next tune.
Craig's coldblooded charisma carries almost every scene.
It delivers the goods in bloody high style: explosively, sexily, and with 007 shaken (not stirred) to his icy core.
Since this is really the origin story of a man who kills people for a living, a darker tone makes total sense. I mean, really...do you want to go back to jet-packs?
A few years back, the easy sexism and narcissism of the James Bond series looked dated to the point of obsolescence, but Quantum of Solace proves that a revenge motive is just what's needed to rejuvenate all the Bond cliches.
I repeat: James Bond is not an action hero! Leave the action to your Jason Bournes. This is a swampy old world. The deeper we sink in, the more we need James Bond to stand above it.
The stunts are as muscular and the film as handsome to look at as the hero who so ably pulls them off. But the story linking it all together is thin and weak.
Marc Forster seems like a counterintuitive choice to direct an action spectacle. But any doubts I might have had flew out the window and splattered onto the hood of a parked car during an early, hellacious brawl.
A silly spy may be laughable, but a sulking thug is just a bore.
The film makes such headlong leaps of motivation and locale that it would take a master spy to decipher why Bond is going where he goes and doing what he does.
This Bond movie seems to be attempting to satisfy action audiences even more so than it is Bond movie fans.
We're in a new era of action angst.
The latest Bond entry is Bourne again - it delivers the action goods, but is it a Bond movie?
Craig continues to find something graceful and suave in 007's sturdy exterior. No matter how hot the situation, he's so very cool.
While the rejuvenation of the franchise has been put on temporary hold, be assured that 'Quantum of Solace' sparkles with all the wit and heart-pounding excitement of a movie that takes its name from an Ian Fleming story about cocktail-party chitchat.
How fascinating is it that 2008's two most inconsolable, borderline psychotic movie heroes are Batman and James Bond?
This might charitably be called a victory of style over substance, except that there's little of either on display.
Daniel Craig brings a fierce edge to his iconic super secret agent around which an entire franchise can be built.
Still having a bad day in Quantum's leap into radically chilling ruthlessness, that homicidally gifted 007 pursues without the least hesitation, revenge as a dish best served with a cold Martini.
Quantum offers the in-process restructuring of a pop myth.
Quantum of Solace, the 22nd entry in the interminable franchise, is one of the most pointless, chaotic and forgettable of them all. It is also one of the dullest.
The thing is, as dynamic as all this action is and as kinetically invigorating as much of it can be, there is a point where all this lively intensity can become a little bit pummeling.
The movie never bores, but nor does it spark.
Enjoy Quantum of Solace for what it is: a high-octane, winning installment of the Bond series that hits the ground running and never lets up.
It fairly races by, a sexy, sadistic, cruel and crackling thriller that is the shortest Bond film since Goldfinger, and certainly the most brisk.
If nothing else, there's no need to worry about where Quantum of Solace fits in the Bond pantheon -- it's easily one of the worst.
Craig continues to grow as Bond before our eyes
In Casino Royale, Daniel Craig brought Bond back to the big screen; in Quantum of Solace, everyone around Craig brings bland back to Bond.
This isn't Roger Moore or even Pierce Brosnan we're dealing with here -- this is a 007 who bleeds and aches, both internally and externally.
Stylish direction, powerful sound editing, stunning cinematography, vistas, action, and Daniel Craig's impenetrable demeanor.
Quantum of Solace won't trust its own darker instincts. It delivers the popcorn goods, but it ignores the poison eating at Bond's insides. Killer mistake.
Daniel Craig has firmly ensconced himself as one of the definitive Bonds, one now fully updated for the 21st Century.
Has a rather anonymous feel...but it's certainly a well-oiled action machine, delivering the high-adrenaline goods even though the cheeky style that made the series distinctive is gone.
Despite his innate intensity, Craig seems a bit... bored, maybe? Underutilized, despite appearing in nearly every frame of the film.
Quantum of Solace is too savage for family entertainment, but, as a study in headlong desperation, it's easier to believe in than many more ponderous films.
A hyperactive James Bond whose attention-deficit antics ought to resonate with the restlessness of the Joystick Generation.
It's Craig's dedication to the role that ultimately saves the film in what otherwise would have been an explosive and thrilling ride, but one that lacked a decent script and questions Marc Forster's suitability in the directorial chair.
If the staging were as witty as the plotting, Quantum of Solace might have been a corker like Casino Royale.
Director Marc Forster turns out to be a natural as the helmer of a high-energy, high-gloss action film.
Mark Forester did a great job.
While charm and a quick wit made Connery the best of the Bonds, it's Craig's brute force and Jackie Chan-style stunts that will come to define this latest reincarnation.
Muitas locações para pouca história.
mia astamatiti seira apo ekstatikes skines draseis ekatontadon planon ton trion (me to zori) deyterolepton, merika ap' ta opoia einai pragmatika harma eidesthai kai apo apopsi planothesias, alla kai genikoteris arhitektonikis tis horografias
I mean it as a cockeyed compliment to the reborn Bond franchise, then, when I say that Quantum of Solace is an unnecessarily cramped arena for such an interesting cat.
Tightly scripted, it delivers handsomely on spectacular set pieces in exotic locales from the Italian Alps to arid planes of Chile.
I get that this new Bond is supposed to be more brutal and vicious, but is he also brain dead and stupid?
Is this Bond, James Bond?
Quantum of Solace offers next to no solace, if we mean respite, but in plunging its hero into a revenge-displacement grudge mission, it has the compensation of a rock-solid dramatic idea, and the intelligence to run and run with it.
A slightly disappointing, furiously-paced, hi-tech, slash-and-burn sequel to the more leisurely, luxurious first 'reboot', 'Casino Royale'.
A good thriller but the whole package is underwhelming, and no matter what changes are introduced to the franchise, underwhelming is something a Bond movie should never be.
Some of the stunts remain impressive, and this picture will do well because of its predecessors. But it's a huge disappointment.
A brilliant, breathless action romp. Daniel Craig is electrifying.
So this film is not as ground-breaking as Casino Royale. But it will kick the living daylights out of any rival action-hero franchises.
Perhaps this is a tactically ruthless and designedly impersonal Bond movie, a clever tease getting us ready for the returning solvents - next time round - of charm, humour and eccentricity.
Quantum Of Solace doesn't seem like a major entry in the Bond canon. Well under two hours long, it's shorter and more frenetic than most of its predecessors, and an often-jolting experience to watch.
An 'interesting' more than enjoyably escapist entry to the 007 cannon.
Even if you admired the 21st-century tone of Casino Royale and termed it one of the best of the series, Quantum of Solace is a bit of a let-down. Somehow it lacks that spark that pushes a movie out of the ordinary.
Hugely enjoyable Bond movie, with strong performances, a hard-edged script and terrific action sequences, even if the filmmakers do appear to have a serious case of Bourne Envy.
While the action is more muscular and more exciting, the biggest villain Bond has to face this time out is his script.
Lively with color but dotted with chic black-on-white motifs, splashed with escapist enticements without losing its grip on James's curdled spirit, suggestive of interesting fragilities in the time-honored MI6 chain of command.
Whereas Craig's 007 debut sculpted a freshly twisted temperament with a gritty heart, Quantum serves up a cold Robo-Bond. His revenge mission only makes emotional sense if you've seen Casino Royale: what's left is a blue-eyed killing machine.
A cracking action film, but nothing more. The emotional power, intelligence and sheer stylishness of Casino Royale has been lost amidst the noisy blur of sub-Bourne action sequences.
Stripped of Royale's humor, elegance and reinvented old-school stylishness, Quantum has little left except its plot, which is rudimentary and slightly barmy, in the line of the Roger Moore pics of the '70s and '80s.
[An] all-out thriller with few Bond touches but plenty of high-octane action.
A notch or two below the level of Casino Royale, this Bond chapter, a darker revenge tale, barely delivers the basic goods, though Daniel Craig is the best element of the package.
It doesn't disappoint -- just don't expect the brilliance of Casino Royale.
This is a Bond firmly of the moment. Whiplash editing, a sharp script and a careful expansion of what made Casino Royale such a winning hand means that 007 is in as good as shape as he was back in 1964.
Director Marc Forster has cranked the action up to 11 - and in some cases, 12.
Lacks Casino Royale's narrative drive, and is less than the sum of its parts, [but] those parts are often terrific. See it for them, and see it for Craig's fully-formed Bond: angry, icily unsentimental, and fleetingly borderline psychotic at the close.
Bond is no longer a work in progress. He is now the cruel, finished article.
For a lot of the movie Bond is a particularly unsympathetic character, and often it's only Craig's performance along with the shifting morality of Bond's legion of enemies that forces the audience to root for him.
A pacy, visually imaginative follow-up to the series relaunch. If it doesn't even try to be bigger and better than Casino Royale, that's perhaps a smart move.
This is a crash-bang Bond, high on action, low on quips, long on location glamour, short on product placement.
One of the most remarkable action films ever made.

@highlight

Brutal and breathless, Quantum Of Solace delivers tender emotions along with frenetic action, but coming on the heels of Casino Royale , it's still a bit of a disappointment.