Has the best "where babies come from" gag in a while, too.
Of course many a good idea in Hollywood falters before the final reel. But this latest DreamWorks animation is more comforting than a warm bottle of baby milk.
In the plots of children's films, finding an original idea is already a reason for applause... [Full review in Spanish]
... an animated film that is suitable for the whole family... [Full review in Spanish]
A very cute and charming film with an inspired take on sibling rivalry that will prove useful for parents informing their only child they're about to have some company.
The Boss Baby is a poop-filled diaper, just one that doesn't stink up the whole house.
Despite all the good is posits, The Boss Baby can never escape looking like a fake movie inside a real one - and altogether feeling like a redundancy.
Give it a shot, the storytelling isn't strong enough to make you weep like a baby, but it will occasionally make you giggle like one.
Basically, the only people to whom The Boss Baby appeals are children young enough to still be entertained by jingling keys.
This is one of the most contrived and complicated children's cartoons you'll see all year. But it's colourful and well animated, modestly insightful about sibling rivalry, and babies and parenthood are reliable sources of fun.
There comes a point where it never falls below the minimum required as a entertainment, but it's a pity that it's satisfied with that. [Full review in Spanish]
The film has a surprisingly bold low-fi approach to backgrounds and character modeling.
Even at its bumpiest the movie's brisk pacing and surprising slapstick gags make this a good time at the movies.
The admirable animation is by DreamWorks Animation. The Boss Baby dandily delights kiddo's and adulties alike.
A funny premise and Alec Baldwin aren't enough to save this wet blanket of a kids' movie.
It becomes less interesting as it grows more convoluted.
Dark matters in a children's story, like the Grimm's Fairy Tales that Tim reads to Boss Baby at night, render the moral too packaged and slick to be truly accepted, as if the true monster lay in wait on the next page.
Fortunately everything is softened by a very intelligent sense of humor that knows how to make that premise a kind of evil mission of megalomaniac villain from the James Bond saga. [Full review in Spanish]
As the story transitions from being about sibling adversaries to being about sibling allies, it suggests that happiness lies more in sharing our blessings than in protecting our fair share of them.
The Boss Baby is a bun needing more time in the oven, some rethinking of what sort of animated comedy it wishes to be.
This DreamWorks cartoon about a baby visualised as a suit-wearing executive big shot has bright ideas and slick bits of action, but the more I think about what its concept offers children, the more doubtful I am.
The Boss Baby is a fun and refreshing animated film that feels like an homage to classic early morning cartoons.
The Boss Baby becomes more and more interminable in the buildup to its ineffective (and predictably melodramatic) final stretch...
It seems that none of the filmmakers stopped to think on what they were doing. Yes, it's flashy and dynamic, maybe it works to keep children very young. [Full review in Spanish]
A surprisingly imaginative animated movie.
A highly recommended movie, perfect to for the weekend. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite the fact that it's heading towards a conciliatory end, the way in which it measures and calculates its steps to it, is a pleasant surprise. [Full review in Spanish]
Finally in the DreamWorks's department there's a brilliant starting idea and a good script for a film. [Full review in Spanish]
Not a lot to recommend ... unless you find the idea of a baby dressed as a business executive continuously hilarious for an hour and a half.
The Boss Baby is a funny, clever take on sibling rivalry that should appeal both to children -- especially those who, we can be thankful, are removed from politics -- and their parents.
The smartly written The Boss Baby lightly takes on commercialism while delivering a variety of witty gags that sound charmingly smug coming from Alec Baldwin's mouth.
Very young audience members should enjoy the surfeit of fart and bum jokes, but unless you're a seriously clucky grown-up, guardians will struggle to find much to carry them through.
The Boss Baby is the surreal, nightmarish creation of someone who has recently come off a high dose of hospital-grade painkillers.
The Boss Baby is funny, and we are also grateful that it's not the typical low-quality animated film. [Full review in Spanish]
A droning, nonsensical excuse for family fare that even small kids might eventually grow tired of.
Children won't know why their parents are laughing half the time, but everyone will find something to enjoy.
Best of all, for a film about a protagonist in nappies, is the welcome absence of poop jokes.
The jokes are decidedly one-note, but still, I admit: I laughed.
Aimed at adults more than kids, this animated feature is only intermittently funny, skewering sibling rivalry.
An absolutely standard-issue doody-joke-and-pop-culture-reference effort from the folks at Dreamworks, of roughly the same trenchant wit and political insight of their many, many 'Shrek' and 'Madagascar' movies.
The main character isn't really a baby. And this really isn't a comedy.
Silly, fast and sufficiently fun,..a snappy, colourful animation distraction intended to go in one eye and out the other.
The Boss Baby is a fun and ingenious reflection on brotherhood and fatherhood, which is much deeper than it appears. [Full review in Spanish]
There's an offbeat tone to the movie - personified by a gorgeously assembled pastel fantasia sequence set in a baby-making factory versus a family having their memories of a child erased - that verges on the disquieting.
The Boss Baby is a full-length version of a parody trailer straight out of Tropic Thunder.
It's vibrantly colorful, delightfully odd and seriously under the influence of Looney Tunes.
There isn't a lot of subtlety in this madcap animated comedy... But it's also silly and busy, and cute enough to make everyone in the audience sigh a few times. And it's anchored by a terrific vocal performance from Alec Baldwin.
It's huge fun, beautifully animated, and writer Michael McCullers, whose credits include a couple of the Austin Powers movies, takes the opportunity to mine not just the rich seam of baby jokes, but an even richer seam of business jokes.
The joke starts well, but the formula gets repetitive.
A newborn in a Brooks Brothers suit battling evil corporations may not be the most likely source for pre-teen laughs, but this is a wild and witty animation for all the family.
Less geared to adults than Pixar movies, but enough fun to prevent toys being thrown out of prams.
Boss Baby does have some nice moments, and it manages to draw some laughs. Things eventually work around to that accepting-a-sibling big picture, which is nice. But Boss Baby is a step down from the better animation efforts out there.
A gibberish, over-complicated and desperately unfunny feature.
It's disposable fun.
Whether Boss Baby is riffing on corporate retreats or double espressos, the punchline - a baby in a suit is behaving like an adult - never changes.
As a satisfying distraction for both young professionals and really, really young professionals, The Boss Baby more than manages.
The story is an unholy mish-mash between saccharine family melodrama and anarchic Loony Tunes-style farce. It's a big, gooey mess of a movie, without the gags or visual ingenuity to compensate for its infantile premise.
Transcends its ridiculous-seeming premise to deliver an enjoyable family comedy that's as delightful as it is inventive. Even the fart jokes are adorable.
A bold and intelligent fusion of Look Who's Talking Too (1990) and Baby Follies (1993) but with characters that look like out of Precious Moments's postcards in a remastered version. [Full review in Spanish]
The Boss Baby might not be a ground-breaking film, or even a particularly memorable one, but can be appreciated if you're able to look past the weak storytelling.
The Boss Baby does deliver laughs, but it is also trying to deliver more than its premise can really bear.
It's Alec Baldwin's wonderful Boss Baby voice-over that almost saves the day.
Some of the set-pieces and retro-animation interludes are filled with invention, verve and wit.
The Boss Baby was never interesting or fun enough to keep my attention, and I just enjoyed sporadic moments of frenzy, or some reference to past work by Baldwin ("Cookies are for closers"). [Full review in Spanish]
How can a film with a baby in a suit not be cute in parts? But that's all it is -- cute in parts.
Its snappy, pop-culture-referencing script feels workshopped to death.
A funny and frenetic animated comedy which is blessed to have Alec Baldwin calling the shots as this little bundle of power who looks he should be running Exxon Mobil, not sucking his thumb.
This book-based prattle becomes an eye-rolling assortment of kid antics and butt-related sight gags (in fact, maybe a world's record worth of them).
The animation is satisfactory after a sub-Pixar fashion. And the eventual moral is sound. You've endured worse.
The Boss Baby is generic animated fare, but it's bolstered by a unique visual flair and important lessons for children in the audience.
The result is a family comedy that will amuse and entertain all ages.
It occasionally feels more like a brand experience than an actual movie.
Amid its hyperactive visuals, it finds the right balance of jokes that are appropriate for children yet charming for adults.
The Boss Baby is at its most enjoyable when viewers, like Tim himself, have to figure out what is real and what is make believe. If Alec Baldwin delivers a PowerPoint presentation of dull material, it's still dull.
The Boss Baby should make for a pretty good family outing on a scorching afternoon.
The humor is easygoing and inoffensive, aimed at kids but sharp enough not to seem mindless to adults.
It just isn't all that good, and honestly I don't have anything additional I feel like adding.
'The Boss Baby' is formula, but not as infantile as the title suggests.
A marginally passable talking babies diversion, but nothing more. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Nudity, Crude Humor, etc. - also Available)
Not terrible. Boss Baby sounds like Donald Trump. Why is that?
I could have done without the kewpie-doll faces and oversized eyes, but for the most part and where it counts, The Boss Baby gets its kids just right.
Director Tom McGrath (the "Madagascar" trilogy) envisioned the film as a love letter to his older brother, but his baby boss shares some Trumpian attributes, like his favorite phrase 'you're fired!'
The result is a baby pool: a colourful piece of entertainment that does its job, despite being a frustratingly shallow vessel, half-filled with something lukewarm.
If cookies are for closers, The Boss Baby doesn't even get the set of Fisher Price steak knives.
The Boss Baby never stops feeling like a feature-length film that should have been a 10-minute short at best.
The Boss Baby doesn't summon up the magic of Disney or Pixar at their best, but then it doesn't aim for that. This movie wants to be breezy and silly, and it succeeds on both counts.
The Boss Baby sports the silliest premise of any animated film to date. You'll go ga-ga over it all the same.
Who slipped a little skewering of the corporate culture into my kids movie?
It's the rare cartoon that actually feels like a cartoon, propelled by its goofiness and sheer energy and rarely bogged down by boring, polemical lesson-learning.
It's not easy to make an entire movie around a two-word premise, and "Boss Baby" shows why.
Look, 'weird' is fine ... Have the courage to see 'weird' through to the end, though. Do that at least.
Can't make up its mind if its a kids movie or an adult movie kids might like and as a result, it's so-so.
Baldwin is totally hysterical as the man/baby. He is gifted with the perfect voice and demeanor to play this crazy baby.
The Boss Baby" gets kudos for its originality, its quality animation and its editing. However, the overall story is a bit of a one-note theme, and after the first 45 minutes or so, it gets tedious.
A pleasantly retro look, surprisingly funny and even more surprisingly sweet.
The plot is so senseless it could have been written up by bleary, sleep-deprived parents. It's all just a pretext for a pitiful one-joke movie.
The Boss Baby is like a diaper. It starts out fresh but it sure doesn't take long for it to become a stinker.
The animation and sound effects are so superbly rendered -- the fantasy sequences have an entirely different and nifty flavor -- that a drop of drool or a puff of baby powder seems to have real texture and feeling.
The plot is thin but there is enough boundless energy and quick-witted laughs to keep you distracted and Baldwin as the ruthless, domineering little one is having such a good time that it proves infectious.
There's a clever idea at the heart of The Boss Baby -- the notion that a new baby becomes the boss of the family... But that sweet bit of real-life wisdom gets lost in a mess of a movie that stinks like yesterday's diapers.
As flawed as The Boss Baby undoubtedly is, it remains fleet-footed enough to just about get away with it.
It's a movie whose story is aimed at the siblings of newborns - the 8-and-under crowd, more or less. They'll follow the plot for most of the way; they just might be puzzled by their accompanying parent's reactions. "What's so funny, Dad?"
Don't go in expecting another Finding Dory or Inside Out - it's no deeper than Boss Baby's razor-thin briefcase.
As the title character, Baldwin capitalizes on delivering harsh truths with a kind of matter-of-fact detachment, which helps carry this imaginative animated comedy beyond its wobbly premise.
There's fun to be had.
With its snappy pace and bright animation, this movie will appeal both to parents who always suspect that the baby is the boss and to their children, who know that this is a fact.
An unsettling talking-infant farce that doubles as an unsettling Pop Capitalist saga for the age of the corporate citizen.
The most disappointing thing about Boss Baby is not its ridiculous premise and name, but something that Boss Baby would have surely learned in Marketing 101. Who is this movie's demographic?
There's just not enough there to sustain interest.
While DreamWorks Animation's latest movie starts well and ends sweetly, the loud, frenetic middle seems like an awfully good time to squeeze in a nap.
There are lots of funny lines and visuals in The Boss Baby, but ultimately the story gets too complicated and goes on too long for an adult audience to keep caring about it. A little judicious pruning would have gone a long way here.
The filmmakers have decided to go for an old-school look in the animation here, an excellent decision.
Not surprisingly, the best thing about The Boss Baby is Baldwin's imperious vocalization as the authoritative rugrat with a head the size of a bowling ball, punctuated by Margaret Keane eyes.
The smug, petulant, manipulative, entitled, and easily enraged boss-from-hell Baby is the best part of this movie.
Opts for the lowest-hanging fruit rather than reach for the deeper issues it incidentally raises... you can perhaps intuit a smarter movie in 'The Boss Baby' than it appears to be on its polished, frantic surface, but it may not be worth the effort.
Inventive and heartwarming, "The Boss Baby" is a lot more grown up than it looks.
Nothing can lure a child to the movie theater quite like the promise of popcorn -- and talking babies. Boss Baby, adapted from the book of the same name, will make them want to stay.
The voice of Baldwin as an infantile CEO is the selling point here, but a few good lines aren't enough to recommend this chopped-and-strained comedy.
Director Tom McGrath and team deliver some keen observations on growing-family dynamics and a number of laughs, but they run out of story a while before putting this one to bed.
Not even a mealymouthed attempt at political satire is ultimately enough to rescue "The Boss Baby" from its pervasive sourness and paucity of imagination.
For viewers of all ages who can overlook an over-the-top plot for a few good laughs, "The Boss Baby" is sure to entertain.
The filmmakers know what its core audience likes, taking [the book]'s 32-page premise and tossing it around like a rubber ball and plowing through a checklist of giggle-inducing gags.
In the end, the only statement being made is that this is an adequate family film. Oh, and love conquers all.
The Boss Baby is far from brilliant, but it's zippy, cute and tolerable fun, with some notable bits where imagination really does take flight.
It should engage the youngsters but will leave more sophisticated viewers-say, those older than eight or nine-wanting something with more substance...
Every Republican regime gets the ludicrous devious-baby saga it deserves.
Basically, this movie is exceedingly clever until it isn't, finding creative ways to explain outrageous plot points until it gets tired and starts bombarding its young target audience with chase sequences instead.
What the hell do Hollywood studios think kids like?
Has the most convoluted, bizarre story since "Collateral Beauty." Trying to explain the plot at parties will make you feel like you're on acid.
Quick and harmless fun for the whole family. Adorable, yet not that memorable. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is jauntily paced and the animation is beautifully rendered.
Sadly, this breathtakingly ludicrous premise is undermined by the film's insultingly obvious lessons about the virtues of teamwork.
There are distracting side plots - and side plots to the side plots - that sabotage much of what's enjoyable about the movie. In infant care terms, this is a colicky film.
Baldwin is having a blast and that is fun to watch, but not enough to really create movie magic.
An animated film about puppies, babies and sibling rivalry, with the genius comic timing of Alec Baldwin -- on paper it sounds like a sure thing, but it's never as good as the sum of its parts.
The overfull inbox of business jokes falls spectacularly flat when viewed in our current national climate, and seem completely insane in a movie for children.
Kids will enjoy it, and adults will, too. I laughed knowingly with the other cineastes at the "Glengarry Glen Ross" reference. But they are not likely to love it like the trailblazing originals.
This film is just like a toddler: cute and energetic, but also constantly confusing everyone about what it wants to do.
This is harmless filler, the kind designed for long car rides and cross-country flights. It's a cinematic pacifier.
It shamelessly co-opts the Pixar aesthetic, but at least its working to imitate the best in the biz. The result: a sweet film with a reasonably satisfying emotional element.
Crushes all the whimsy out of Frazee's story with an avalanche of crudity.
As a movie, The Boss Baby just doesn't have the kind of lovable concept that makes for a great family animation, although Baldwin's vocal performance raises a few indulgent smiles.
The Boss Baby often tries too hard and succeeds too little.
The Boss Baby is barely a moderate success as a kid's flick. Perhaps it will come as good news to studio and audience alike that it works much better as an existential horror movie.
Not everybody is going to get it. But for Baldwin fans, it's a hoot.
An outlandish, overly complicated premise that's likely to confound the kiddies while it tries hard to get laughs from their parents.
The comedy and story don't measure up to the lively imagery.
The Boss Baby is a movie made for few audiences, inconceivably inept in its ability to blend adult references with children's immaturity.
Fairly one-note in its humor, and not as lively as you would assume it would be [but with] all-around strong voice work and a predictably sweet message about sharing the love...it's all, as they say, good enough for government work.
Amusing if overlong.
The Boss Baby has interesting visual textures, a few good jokes and Baldwin has fun. But these elements never transcend an odd premise that fails to deliver big laughs or emotional heft.
One can actually feel the strain of the production as it dreams up something to do with a thin concept, throwing anything at the screen to see what sticks.
Baldwin is an adult entertainer and his persona crosses into the body of an infant very uncomfortably.
What is clear is that The Boss Baby is a concept that doesn't work.
All novelty value mined from Baldwin putting blunt business-speak in the mouth of a cute little bubba is spent very quickly here indeed.
Laughing at a tot with a man's voice works once, but rarely after that.
It may lack the finesse of Pixar, but the film has some inspired & imaginative touches as the exposition takes us on a journey that is a mix of conspiracy theory, sibling rivalry and importance of family. As for Alec Baldwin, he steals the film..
Animated comedy about sibling rivalry has peril, body humor.
Words like "inventive" and "inspired" are very rarely applied to the parade of cookie-cutter animated features that pass through the multiplex each year, but The Boss Baby proves a refreshing exception.
"The Boss Baby" still feels standard issue and a wee bit tiresome.
Hyperactive, oddly premised and never quite as endearing as it should be, The Boss Baby is an animated family comedy that seems to have all the right elements but just doesn't deliver.
Winds up feeling like an amalgam of too many other cartoons you've seen in the last decade. That's a pity because, at its best, The Boss Baby has sly wit and a fun visual style.
The Boss Baby might pacify kids, but this dirty diaper of a movie is further proof that Hollywood animation is in need of a change.

@highlight

The Boss Baby 's talented cast, glimmers of wit, and flashes of visual inventiveness can't make up for a thin premise and a disappointing willingness to settle for doody jokes.