The high points - especially a brilliantly worked running gag about soft-rockers Chicago - are spread too thinly, and David's improvised comedy of embarrassment is now very familiar.
Larry David and I have a strange relationship...I totally find his stuff funny but so cringeworthy that I always end up running away from the TV when things get too awkward, and then back again because I want to know what happens.
The plot seems an excuse for the David character to wreak havoc on ordinary people and investigate how the social dynamic works when all involved no longer have blankets of privilege to overshadow their trivial concerns.
The revenge plot brings the characters together...and doesn't come together as satisfyingly as your average "Curb" episode... [but] the funny parts of "Clear History" are good enough to act as an acceptable 100-minute substitute.
For those of us who agree with Mel Brooks that "there's something about this middle-aged bald guy that's thrilling," his new film is a high-spirited treat - and a hint at the possibilities that await him if and when he finally calls it a day on 'Curb.'
Because HBO will basically let him do whatever he wants, Larry David passed up making another season of Curb Your Enthusiasm to instead write and star in this semi-improvised feature that has an A-list cast and C-list material.
With a cast this capable and a screenplay invested in unusual topics for comedic dissection, the feature does just fine as a platform for David to continue his career quest to perfect the art of unease.
True to its improv style, the story meanders, but the jokes swirl and land more often than they miss
Fans of Larry David could easily be won over by Clear History but ultimately, a fun cast and genuine laughs are unable to outshine its many inconsistencies.
There's enough here to still merit a curious click, but Clear History may not be what hardcore David acolytes most crave.
It will take only a few minutes of Clear History... not only to "forgive" David for repeating himself but to thank him for reminding us why we miss Curb Your Enthusiasm and hope it comes back soon.
[It] has a nice, confident and well-edited breeze to it (including a lot of jokes about the band Chicago), with a fun cast that includes standout riffs from Michael Keaton, Danny McBride and Eva Mendes.
A wonderfully diverting film with Mr. David at his abrasive best.
If you're a fan of Curb Your Enthusiasm, think of this as an extended version of Curb. If you're not, History will not convert you.
Clear History was improvised from 35 pages of script. "You are such an a---!" one Vineyard resident tells Flomm, which is the movie's main revelation.
Clear History is ultimately a disappointing endeavor that's rarely able to live up to the high standard set by star Larry David's television show, Curb Your Enthusiasm.
'History' just doesn't have the same 'Curb' appeal. There's simply too many dead spots and too many ill-defined characters to make it pop.
Clear History's shorthanded characterizations and ethical vacuum prove so flaccid that it fails even if one views it as a nihilistic statement.
The problem with an extended episode of Curb, which is brilliant in its own demented way, is that Larry David's idiosyncrasies can grate even the most patient of fans.
"Clear History," a memorable comedy about a man trying to be forgotten.
Even if you do like David's shtick, as I do, you have no business here.
Clear History is amusing enough to pull a viewer through it, although those who haven't yet acquired a taste for Curb might find it the equivalent of a pricey two-drink minimum without enough payback.
The movie also feels at time like an extended all-star jam episode of Curb. Those are, perhaps not coincidentally, the best, and funniest parts of Clear History.
As the movie proceeds, it gains traction, first as a kind of pleasant alt-Woody Allen vehicle... and then as a well-modulated morality play.
Despite a number of funny lines sprinkled through the script, this History isn't very memorable.
It's hard to fault HBO for letting him indulge in this flight of fancy, particularly given all the marquee names he attracts. Still, without an ability to focus those appetites, Clear History yields the occasional chuckle, but somewhat curbed enthusiasm.
Clear History is so funny it made me want to order up some Palestinian chicken.

@highlight

Its semi-improvised structure finds Larry David squarely in his wheelhouse, but with few laughs and a muddled message, it doesn't live up to his usual standards.