In a world where only Hollywood cinematic romance is acceptable, it is a risk that pays off.
Campion manages to understand and present the essence of a passionate relationship, without becoming corny or old fashioned. [Full review in Spanish]
Every frame exudes a sweet, doomed innocence that makes you want to cry, then swoon, then cry again.
Wonderful attention is paid to detail, including clothing, furniture and highly-stylized behavior. What is missing is emotion.
It all feels quite lovely and seems an achievement unto itself, to be allowed to soak in all this calm and tenderness.
Director Jane Campion's most enthralling film since The Piano.
I﻿f the theme of Bright Star is the realization of oneself in natural emotion, the method is gorgeously unnatural.
[Jane Campion] shows us here the beautiful sanctuaries that word and image create together, and the reasons why life requires us ... to abandon them.
Campion's film avoids any taint of costume drama frippery. Yes, Fanny starts off as a Regency-era fashionista, but Cornish and Whishaw's deeply felt performances give us a real sense of the beating hearts beneath the frock coats and bonnets.
to film asxoleitai me ton erwta toys, apo th skopia ths Fanny, apo th skopia petaloydas poy sboyrizei anemela mexri na brei sto libadi poihth na toy royfhksei to nektar
The emotions found in Bright Star are raw and passionate, and are magnificently presented in the most simplest and natural moments.
Bright Star is, indeed, a bright star.
Romance and poetry have no time to sag
Gorgeous and anchored by a flinty performance from Abbie Cornish, it's a mystery as to why this Jane Campion period piece fades away rather than catches fire.
High-Toned, Tragic, Exalted Soap
Janet Patterson has come up with an exquisite wardrobe for Fanny that magically suits both the biographical back-story and Cornish's fine physique. Let's hope Oscar agrees.
The plot doesn't have much to go on, so much is imagined but not demonstrably true, with acting, production design and period costume hopefully covering for accuracy.
Has a disarming quality to it, depicting a romance not as torrid waves of drama but as something that is born awkward and steadily gains its holding.
A movie in the inimitable PBS Masterpiece Theater style. John Keats falls in love, gets TB and dies. At least there are no Exxon commercials.
The film appears to be flirting with the idea of superficiality and romance and wit and depth of character but never really explores any tack at length, except the agonies of their love.
An intoxicating and intelligent romance film with strong fleshed-out characters that defy all the clichés and pulpy attributes that usually plague this genre.
This is tragic young love in all its overwrought glory and agony. This is not the reserved, stylish sort of love one seen in Jane Austen's works.
Oh Bright Star, wouldst thou were a great film... but thou art not. Thou art good but bitsy.
But the film is more about the impact of love on both their lives than about the impact of his poetry, which wasn't widely recognised until after his death. Life's a bitch.
Like a bright star that shines from the heavens, Jane Campion's film about the doomed love between the poet John Keats and Fanny Brawne is exquisitely beautiful, but keeps us at arm's length.
The most perfect film of the year.
Your heart will break, your head will swoon, and you will hope against hope for a happy ending that history will not permit.
One of the year's pleasures for the eyes, mind and heart -- a bright star indeed.
Jane Campion's film is as lyrical as you might expect but it's also enlivened with a bracing air of irreverence.
Equal parts a lovely daydream and heaving, lovelorn sobs, Bright Star is something of an intimate masterpiece.
I think it's her most restrained film, in a lot of ways. It's very classic. It's very poetic. It embraces Keats poetry in the making of it.
Campion takes her time to tell her tender story, but the film rewards with a conclusion I found incredibly moving. This is certainly one of the best films of the year.
A lush romantic drama where the best elements are the least romantic.
This is a worthwhile story told with lukewarm emotion. The doomed love comes off as less a tragedy than a pity. The background makes this story more interesting than the foreground does.
Campion, who won fans with The Piano (1993) and lost them with the dismal In the Cut (2003) here returns to the top of her form.
Bright Star is an admirable film made by a superb craftsman, but for me, Campion fails to deliver the big emotional punch she hopes to land.
Sit and savour this marvellous film until the lights come up.
A combination of unstuffy dialogue, wise casting, unselfconscious performances and sensuous but never pretty photography makes Campion's version of the nineteenth century feel current but not anachronistic.
An eloquent, well-crafted return to form - and return to corsets and period frocks - for Jane Campion, who uses the character of Fanny Brawne, the survivor, to give a unique perspective on the creative, terminal period in the life of John Keats.
Without major tension, conflict or crisis, Brawne and Keats simply mope about, moon at each other, talk about literature and wait for the great poet to die from tuberculosis.
Dramatically static from first to final frame, it charts the non-progress of the central relationship as a series of nineteenth-century feints and counter-feints.
A wonderfully realised account of intoxicating love and a movie with spirit and soul. Don't expect it to set the box office on fire though.
This shrugs off the musty restraints of costumed stereotypes and concentrates exclusively on the slowburning affair as Keats finds himself "dissolving" as love draws him in.
Quietly shedding all the fussy baggage of 'heritage drama', Campion gives us a moving account of Keats' great love and tragic death. A film of pictorial beauty and authenticity, graced with a fine cast.
There's a spellbinding, painterly quality to the way Campion depicts the changing seasons (between 1819 and 1820) and it sets a mood that complements the poet's vivid and sensuous style.
It simmers rather than sizzles, shimmers rather than sears. But possession of a Y chromosome is by no means an obstacle to enjoyment of it.
There's a fine line between fragile sensitivity and wimpishness, and Ben Whishaw tramples all over it. He is the drippiest British actor since the Merchant Ivory heyday of James Wilby.
[Bright Star] may have inspired some beautiful poetry but, here, provokes mere yawns.
A heavenly delight.
Steadfastness, truth and a simple, blazing, incandescent humanity. This is a literary life story in which life, for once, is the meaningful word.
Bright Star deals with the sonnets and the bonnets - top marks to the production and costume designer, Janet Patterson - with wit and restraint, and proves that a chaste romance needn't lack for passion, or poetry.
Beautiful cinematography, exceptional performances and an admirable sense of restraint combine to make it one of the most gorgeous and satisfying period dramas in recent memory.
Bright Star is at once sublimely swoonsome yet marvellously down to Earth.
Campion has created another resonant paean to love's pain and joy, and gives new life to John Keats, too often now associated with dusty school books.
Bright Star is that rare and upbraiding thing, a film - perhaps the last one of the year - that seeks not to jam your emotions or scare you silly, but asks you to think about words.
Sumptuous attention to detail, lush photography and beautifully understated performances
Despite being visually stunning, it's as dry as hell.
A sedate, intelligent and quietly sensuous film.
I wanted to love it because it's so damn literary and exquisitely put together but ultimately it felt like a very long two hours.
A beautiful film and a strikingly truthful one, and not because it waxes too philosophic or throws down the intellectual gauntlet.
A thoroughly engaging, beautifully directed and superbly acted romantic drama that packs a powerful emotional punch.
If John Keats is the catalyst who inspired Miss Campion to make this film, and us to go see it, it is Fanny Brawne, the bright star of the film's title, who makes it worthwhile.
Gorgeous to behold, the film also devastates with its meticulous portrait of impassioned lovers against whom fate conspires so mightily.
In presenting Keats as much in Brawne's eyes as she in his, we watch Fanny's growing interest in John, we wait with her for his letters, we share in her anguish when all seems lost -- Campion suggests that he was her "bright star" as well
Impressive conventional and competent PBS-like biopic on the romantic poet John Keats.
Masterpieces of literature-to-film are a rare breed; this film falls short with satisfaction.
Sensitively, slowly explores the interplay between a living, breathing muse and an inspired artist. Quietly makes a Regent-era, circumspect romance palpable.
Plays by the strict and proper rules of the period genre, resulting in a predominantly frigid and impersonal love story.
For a movie so sensuously mounted, it's remarkably grounded.
A love story like they don't make any more, except I'm not certain that they ever really did.
Parental Content Review
The handsome-looking period drama takes material that could have been portrayed in lurid and sensationalistic detail but instead portrays it with real sensitivity and class, without going too far in showing a passionate romantic relationship.
With "Bright Star," writer/director Jane Campion has made a film that is like a flip, 'civilized,' version of "The Piano's" exotic wilderness.
Elegant and incadescent, it revels in its innate intelligence.
Bright Star is one of those rare films that critics wait for and moviegoers can't wait to tell their friends about. Oscar nominations may be on their way at last.
should inspire current and future generations to explore Keats and other Romantic poets
With 'Bright Star,' New Zealand's Jane Campion ('The Piano') has managed to write and direct an engrossing film about a man whose achievements can only be found on the page and in the heart.
It was so refreshing to see a story told about true love that contained honest chemistry. Ben Wishaw should be nominated for Oscar right now.
One man's woe is the audience's tedium.
Bright Star isn't in the same ballpark as The Piano - heck, it's not even in the same time zone - but it's the first Campion movie since then to warrant 10 Best consideration.
The rare film about the life of an artist that is itself a work of art.
This film about the doomed love affair of poet John Keats and his neighbor Fanny Brawne left me underwhelmed.
In its way Campion's film is a thing of beauty, but its characters' inner lives must be taken on faith.
It is a great film about a great love.
Greig Fraser's cool cinematography offsets the heat in Campion's ecstatically literate screenplay, which quotes Keats' handiwork all the way through the end credits. It sounds like music.
The best costumers, set designers, and property masters can't conjure up the mental and emotional spaces of a simpler era; that requires a filmmaker who knows the virtue of quiet, patience, and attentiveness.
For a film about love, Bright Star is curiously cold, more pretty than emotional. True stars have heat.
Silence and stillness, as well as the restrained desire of its lovers, are given their due. After the clatter and rush of the summer flicks, patience is demanded but also rewarded.
It's immediately refreshing in its unabashed flow of feeling, but it also wields a cumulative punch.
Campion's story of a tubercular poet and his lady love recasts the hackneyed old stanza in refreshing new verse.
A piece of perfect cinematic poetry, a film that doesn't just capture the work, love, and life of a legendary poet but does do with vibrant, relatable, timeless emotion, innocence, and purity.
There are nice bits throughout, and your heart can't help but go out to these impassioned young lovers whom you know are doomed. But Bright Star is too often tarnished by the ordinary.
Has Lady Jane gone as chaste as the PG rating on Bright Star suggests? You have no idea.
Bright Star is a rich, sumptuous and, yes, challenging experience.
It's refreshing to see romantic drama where credulity hasn't been stretched by the magic of Hollywood or the fantasies of the mind.
A movie as incandescent as its title.
What animates this dramatically constrained film are the lively words and the vitality of nature. An image of butterflies blooming in a bedroom is Keats' worldview in miniature.
This is definitely a for-the-femmes flick with its story of romance, elegant dialog, fine chemistry between stars Whitshaw and Cornish and outstanding production design, lensing and costume.
[O]ne of the finest films about the life of an artist ever made.
Intimate as a whisper, immediate as a blush, and universal as first love, the PG-rated film positively palpitates with the sensual and spiritual.
Bright Star is ripe with the eroticism of a proud woman being seduced by words and undone by emotions. If that's not worth more than a year of Megan Fox movies, I can't help you.
I love the way Campion lets the camera rest on an image. Especially when the image is Aussie dish Cornish, who plays Keats' starry-eyed admirer. Has an actress ever been photographed so flatteringly and at such length?
Bright Star is a well-acted, well-crafted but excruciatingly tepid romantic film about a subject that will attract poetry lovers and yet test even their considerable patience.
Bright Star shines brightly indeed, not only on the strength of a couple of powerhouse performances, but also as a look back at a time when poets were rock stars, with all the skinny British attitude that implies.
... [Jane] Campion is on solid ground here, and she treads it respectfully.
Bright Star does manage to recharge the director's creative batteries, with material that allows Campion to exercise her amazing ability to depict love's ever scarring touch.
Fanny deserved more than just a generic place in the heavens as a Great Lover Thwarted by Fate. Bright Star is only second-magnitude.
What Campion does is seek visual beauty to match Keats' verbal beauty. There is a shot here of Fanny in a meadow of blue flowers that is so enthralling it beggars description.
It's not only the best possible ode to Keats' work, this lovely gentle poetic film, it's the best possible ode to Fanny, as well: If she made him feel the way this movie feels, that must have been a powerful love indeed.
Bright Star is literate, romantic and high-minded.
A little too genteel for my tastes. Or rather, it would be were it not for Paul Schneider's complex and often refreshingly rude performance.
Whatever else it is--a romantic biopic without compromise--it is also, and for me, mostly, a celebration of the huge talent that is Abbie Cornish.
An occasionally dull, very gentle romantic drama that could have used more tension and a sharper screenplay, but it's compensated by a radiant and enchanting performance by Abbie Cornish along with exquisite cinematography.
Shallow, slow and Mr. Brown is an irritant.
What in lesser hands could have become an immaculately observed period piece instead soars to creative heights with its literate and knowing script.
If you don't mind the inert drama at the core, Bright Star at least gives you plenty of eye candy.
Writer-director Jane Campion has fashioned a fascinating mix of contradictions. Her film is at once gritty and ethereal, grounded and romantic, quaint and contemporary.
Cornish and Whishaw give powerful, unforgettable performances, with Cornish assured of an Oscar nomination. Other cast members, such as Schneider and Kerry Fox as Fanny's mother, make the film even stronger.
Romantic, moving film brings poet -- and poetry -- to life.
Campion -- who also wrote the screenplay, inspired by British poet Andrew Motion's biography of Keats -- tells the story of Keats and Fanny in delicate, painterly colors, layered in such a way that they're vividly vital.
A film that avoids any trace of musty reverence for a long-dead poet by concentrating our senses on the breathtaking girl next door.
There's enough material here for a solid, heartfelt period love story -- it may not make viewers swoon the way a good Jane Austen adaptation might, but it's well enough made to deliver an emotional impact.
A literate, lyrical love story in the age of Hollywood crass. I must be dreaming.
Every frame of this exquisite period romance features an attention to detail, a passion for literature and an intense, fully clothed, pre-Victorian sexiness that suggest a director in something close to rapture.
The movie hovers just above moments of fact and reportage, resting almost totally on a cloud of passion and emotion. The fact that Keats was one of the greatest romantic poets is merely a bonus and an excuse for some gorgeous, glorious dialogue.
Bright Star isn't just a superlative achievement, for director Campion it might just be her best work yet.
A small film, but also an uncommonly lovely work.
Bright Star satisfies a hunger we may not have known we had, a hunger for an exquisitely done, emotional love story that marries heartbreaking passion to formidable filmmaking restraint...
Those who love language and particularly poetic verse will savor the dialogue, as well as the visual splendor of the film. With its gorgeously framed shots and superb craftsmanship, Bright Star is a thing of beauty.
a smart, visual dialectic on the ease of showing certain creative processes and the impossibility of documenting others.
A work blessed with keen insight into the heart and soul.
A mellow, pictorially attractive period piece in which the characters seem actually to breathe rather than merely pose, as so often happens in such films.
Bright Star seems to be a lot about very little, a miniature projected to Imax size. So much goes unspoken that what remains seems almost trite.
It's a studied movie that gives itself over to bursts of intensity, and between them sometimes threatens to become as spellbound by its subjects as they become with each other.
Campion's big-sisterly encouragement of Cornish's lovely, openhearted performance -- and Whishaw's well-matched response -- results in a character instantly, intimately recognizable to anyone remembering her own first love.
The brightest star in this leisurely retelling of the truth behind one of John Keats's most famous poems is not what it says, but how it looks.
Writer-director Jane Campion approaches the tale with an artiste's respectful solemnity, but it too often comes off like Twilight transplanted across oceans and centuries.
The achievement of Jane Campion's learned and ravishing new film is to trace the comminglings and collisions of poetic creation and amatory passion.
England 1818 seems like a Fragonard garden, the pastoral height of civilization. Conversation is witty; summer feels eternal.
A period piece typified by restraint, delicacy and the romantic spirit of its renowned subject.
A spellbinding story of true love written and directed by Jane Campion that showcases Abbie Cornish as an accomplished actress.
Through a lush filmic vernacular, Campion shows how these two figures were not only fiercely devoted to their work but also kindred spirits.
There's a full complement of geese and mud and some women in bonnets, but Campion avoids finery and ceremony. She doesn't show off the period; she triumphantly makes it a time in which people live as best they can.
What keeps all this from seeming overmelodramatic is Schneider's huge performance, which is too hilarious. All costume dramas need actors this rude.
...an ordeal for the bulk of its hopelessly overlong running time...
[Star, Abbie] Cornish shines.
a rare pleasure of unrequited love that never dips the poet's ink into the syrup of sentimentality, but rather allows its characters to invest passion from their gently articulated imaginations.
As might be expected, director Jane Campion keeps an assertive woman as the film's center, a deliberately paced romance but hardly a chick-flick.
For all the exquisite cinematography and fine performances, Bright Star remains curiously unaffecting.
Bright Star does nothing new (if it wasn't based of fact, it would be accused of adhering too closely to formula) but it does it very well, displaying real craft and benefiting from terrific performances.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever, but a thing of plodding inevitability is just two hours of my time amiably wasted.
Campion has constructed a highly classical narrative, one driven by archaic British dialogue and the mannerisms to match it.
Director Jane Campion has a knack for portraying female characters so intimately that she seems to get beneath their skin. She does it again in Bright Star, an exquisite piece of film-making.
A deeply felt and intelligent film, one of those that has grown in my mind on a second viewing; it is almost certainly the best of Campion's career, exposing The Piano as overrated and overegged.
Jane Campion has turned the short and doomed affair between John Keats and Fanny Brawne into an enthralling film that tenderly rips your heart to shreds.
A solid, rather restrained rendition of John Keats' final years, Campion's period piece avoids pitfalls and cliches of the biopic genre, and while not illuminating of Keats as a unique poet, it does convey the taste of first love.
It is Campion's most fully realised, satisfying achievement in a long while and will be warmly embraced as a prestige item with awards potential.
Australian director Jane Campion's gorgeously filmed Festival de Cannes Competition entry "Bright Star" may not be a joy forever but it will do until the next joy comes along.
Breaking through any period piece mustiness with piercing insight into the emotions and behavior of her characters.
Bright Star, a story of loss and love illustrated by poetry, seldom does more than gently move us. It is a fine film to look at and listen to but there are heights it fails to scale.







@highlight

Jane Campion's direction is as refined as her screenplay, and she gets the most out of her cast -- especially Abbie Cornish -- in this understated period drama.