"Blood," which isn't really as violent as its title suggests, is alternately annoying and exhilarating. In either case, it is a work of art that is required viewing for those interested in serious filmmaking.
We find someone embracing the strange; dedicating not just a film to it, but letting it, for the most, and brilliant, part letting that strangeness move and alter the film in frustrating, tantalizing, and often unknown and unknowable ways.
[There is] a jaw-dropping, annihilating ending to a bold, deeply American, success story.
... reworks the American entrepreneurial success story as an elemental frontier myth, roughly hewn out of the landscape that is remade in its wake.
It is the work of masters perfecting their craft, setting off together towards a horizon of shining prowess to discover, quite literally, the pinnacle of their cinematic potential.
Perhaps the best barometer of Anderson's astonishing success here is that he manages to invest this weighty allegory with such a wealth of character and nuance.
As a character study, There Will Be Blood is unsurpassed. Just don't expect to strike oil straight away.
Who suggested the John Huston accent? We keep expecting Daniel Plainview to molest a young niece or something.
Anderson's vision is uncompromising and razor sharp. Nothing in his first four features quite prepares us for the precision and vicious wit displayed here.
There will be blood, indeed
In a way, there's not a step you haven't seen in classics going as far back as Citizen Kane. Still, there are enough oddities in the details to keep you full of questions.
This is a film by Paul Thomas Anderson that has overshot the runway of movie modernity with something thrillingly, dangerously new.
The movie makes absolutely no f---ing sense whatsoever. [And] it takes almost three hours in which not to make any f---ing sense and is very loud and chesty about it.
It takes a talented person to make a great film, but it takes an even more talented one to know when to say enough is enough.
This sometimes magnificent, decidedly strange film is a portrait of a terrible, rapacious man.
It's a biblical parable about America's failure to square religion and greed. But most of all it is a marvellously entertaining soap: a sort Dickens does Dallas, without the sex or swimming pools.
One of the most wholly original American movies ever made.
There Will Be Blood establishes itself as a film of Darwinian ferocity, a stark and pitiless parable of American capitalism.
If Day-Lewis isn't front and center, the film drags with themes such as oil vs. religion, and greed is always around...
Anderson has truly made an old fashioned, great American movie. Not to be missed!!!
One helluva film; the best in Anderson's young career.
As a film about one man's obsessive egomania, There Will Be Blood does its job.
I just sat there in awe the entire two hours and thirty minutes of the film, just completely stunned as to what I was seeing.
... when we look back at "There Will Be Blood" decades from now, we will probably be saying the sprawling epic about oil, family, faith, greed and deception is Anderson's crowning achievement. And that's saying a lot.
ena stoiheiotiko portraito tis skoteinis pleyras tis kynigioy tis epityhias, poy oso gigantonetai, metatrepetai sto teras tis aplistias, toso dynato poy katabrohthizei akomi kai toys pneymatikoys igetes poy tha eprepe na to katapolemisoyn
[I]t's a movie that people who love movies will discuss, argue over, and rewatch for years to come.
The visuals, the pacing, an all-time great performance and a timely theme add up to make There Will Be Blood one of the most memorable films I have seen.
Featuring one of the most complex and interesting lead characters you will ever find in the movies, Paul Thomas Anderson's film marks a big step forward for the director.
Daniel Day-Lewis does an oil maniac in this emotionally drenched gut-slicing and grueling bipolar gore, and what is surely the most grotesque screen image ever of a warped male maternal instinct.
And the winner of the overrated Oscar front-runner award goes to...
Coen brothers, Paul Thomas Anderson drinks YOUR milkshake! This is the best film of 2007. Hands down.
The original Beverly Hillbillies, only sans the cement pond.
Anderson's triumphant epic about the bone-breaking, death-defying, orphan-making early days of the oil industry will serve as a benchmark for all of his future films.
After years of achieving a Hollywood cult following, writer/director Paul Thomas Anderson hits the big time with his adaptation of Upton Sinclair's novel, "Oil."
There Will Be Blood is the sort of film you stumble out of, desperately searching for an adjective that is both descriptive enough to encompass your experience and distinctive enough to convey your stratosphere-bound senses.
Daniel Day Lewis' blistering, devilish performance is the greatest of his accomplished career, and director Paul Thomas Anderson has made a second masterpiece to go alongside Magnolia.
Una obra mayor sobre codicia y religión y el retrato de una personalidad oscura y fascinante, compuesta con maestría por Daniel Day-Lewis. Confirma la madurez de Paul Thomas Anderson, el notable director de Boogie Nights y Magnolia.
There has been plenty of critical pants-wetting about Paul Thomas Anderson's latest film, and I am an Anderson admirer to be sure %u2013 but beyond an acting nomination for Daniel Day Lewis, I just can't get on that train.
Anderson volta a exibir, em Sangue Negro, seu talento para o simbolismo e para opções narrativas intrigantes.
An intellectualized epic to make lovers of pure cinema swoon.
A moviemaker's film: particularly in the sequences of work, in which blood and sweat and sweet crude mix and no one speaks, it is pure retina-searing cinema. Enthralling.
Whether you believe There Will Be Blood is a transcendently powerful movie or merely damn good, there's no debate that Day-Lewis' performance as Plainview is something to behold.
The best movie of Daniel Day-Lewis' career turns out to be in the best movie of Paul Thomas Anderson's career.
I know you're out there.You're waiting for the Academy Awards. And you're waiting to see the movies that have been nominated.
A towering, tour-de-force display in cinematic virtuosity; and an incredibly ambitious, deliberate stab at greatness by the director. Only time will tell if he's pulled it off.
Uncompromising, intelligent and searing cinema.
A Sergio Leone epic about the foundation of a specific aspect of the American character.
qualities normally regarded as the bedrock of the American Dream - rugged individualism, rampant entrepreneurship and rags-to-riches mobility - are flipped over to expose a dark undercurrent of monomaniacal male solipsism.
Powerful, brilliantly directed and thoroughly gripping drama with an Oscar-nominated performance by Daniel Day-Lewis that is nothing short of sensational.
Un événement cinématographique d'une rare intensité dramatique
Daniel Day-Lewis bestrides the narrow world like a colossus as Daniel Plainview, a turn-of-the-last-century prospector for gold and silver who stumbles upon oil in rural California and goes after it with the ferocity, focus, and ethical sensitivity of a f
Hypnotic, poetic and often downright strange, the remarkable result is every bit as combustible as the black stuff itself.
This is a force 10 gale of a performance from Day-Lewis, muscular, visceral, venomous and restrained all at once if you can imagine that
Anderson's period piece evokes memories of East of Eden with its family conflicts, Elmer Gantry in its evangelical moments, and Days of Heaven in its epic visuals.
No one is the perfect, untouchable moralist... This is, in fact, the strongest truth behind the movie
It's the kind of quality film that could have been made at any point in film history or film future and still maintain its social, philosophical and emotional relevance.
The moments that linger long after you've left the theater and forgotten how damned tedious the whole thing was are with Paul Dano's smug, moon-faced preacher
Daniel Day-Lewis's magnificent, sanguine performance as oilman Daniel Plainview is just one of many reasons to catch P.T. Anderson's latest feature.
Is this an indictment of American progress, our pursuit of oil, of riches, or is it an indictment of the pursuit of spirituality led by spiritless men? Or D, all of the above?
A masterful tale of the parallels and disconnections between primal bloodlust and a life of luxury. Both the movie and the man that sit at the center of that idea are a marvel to watch. Sumptuous and snarling all at once, it's a classic.
brutal yet fascinating to watch
It's as if you can feel the oil flowing under the ground, bubbling, seeking a weak patch of earth from which to spew. But, the climactic emotional equivalent never occurs.
I'd rather see something this daring--even when it doesn't quite work--over a generic Hollywood blockbuster any day.
I hate the way the film forces us into its epic structure and purposefully fractured narrative as if the audience is a puppy having its little nose shoved in a puddle of its own making.
Beautifully crafted and acted though There Will Be Blood is, Daniel Plainview remains an enigma. This and weak, reaching developments in the third act make the film a lesser epic.
... a strong movie, with extraordinary visual power and the unsettling ambiguity of genuine art.
We have grown used to tales about what is won in conquest. What still shakes the American character at its core are tales such as this one, about what is lost.
It's Magnoilia.
There Will Be Blood is a spectacular achievement that, at this early date, seems worthy to be mentioned alongside cinema's avowed masterpieces.
Those who believe America is trading blood for oil will find agreement in the film's very title, as well as in the action of prospecting and drilling, in which heavy stakes are driven into the Earth's heart to loose dark gushers...
A shockingly assured directorial vision.
Anderson is a gambler who likes wild cards.
Ultimately the film belongs to Day-Lewis, whose devotion to character is itself a bit mad, and Paul Thomas Anderson, who takes us places no other filmmaker dares.
For a good two hours, the drama is pretty riveting stuff. A seemingly hasty, rushed and ridiculous finale does end things on a particularly unsatisfying note, though.
Day-Lewis tends to overpower the cast, especially in a scenery-chewing finale you'll find fascinating or unwatchable. (I loved it.)
At its most forthright, however, There Will Be Blood is a rich character study of a fascinating individual who is by turns likable, loathsome, admirable, monstrous, and driven.
Someday, we're probably going to look back at There Will Be Blood, Paul Thomas Anderson's epic about greed, lies, manipulation and insanity, and call it his masterpiece.
It's oil, and a West that was just discovering it, that makes There Will Be Blood intriguing. But it's Day-Lewis who draws us in.
Oil. Blood. Bile. Ambition. Corruption. Hatred. It's all spilled, messily and nakedly, in There Will Be Blood, featuring a performance by Daniel Day-Lewis that may be the most intense and physically challenging of 2007.
It's a fascinating portrait of a man selling his soul bit by bit for wealth and power, but it may leave viewers longing for more of a plot.
When you remove the turn of the century pretext, There Will Be Blood is really nothing more than a battle between two ancient religions - Christianity and Capitalism.
I'm not sure Daniel Day-Lewis' performance represents the best acting of 2007, but it certainly represents the most acting of the past year.
Blood is oil,blood is family (and family is at worst a scam and at best an Achilles heel),but blood is also blood. If nothing else, the title is a spoiler for the final scene.
"Citizen Kane" drenched in oil and blood and left to bake in the hot California sun.
Like Day-Lewis' penetrating glare, the music sticks with you days and weeks after you've watched the movie.
Land, oil, blood. There will be lots of all in Paul Thomas Anderson's stunning new movie.
Any towering institution is capable of producing monsters, even if none of them are as far removed from human frailty as Plainview [Day-Lewis] and his pitiable nemesis [Dano].
It's not a film to like, but it's too powerful to ignore.
A powerful, visionary, at times insane American epic from director Paul Thomas Anderson.
Though it is very different from the Upton Sinclair novel this is a film with the complexity of literature. THERE WILL BE BLOOD is an intelligent if not entirely pleasant experience to watch.
There Will Be Blood is as close to perfection as you will find in a movie. It's dark and bleak in its material yet uplifting in the beauty of its craftsmanship.
More than just the best film of the year, Blood is one of cinema's grandest character studies.
Anderson's most mature and ambitious film yet...[though his] growth as a filmmaker remains hindered by an obsession with effect and a disinterest in depth.
At its best, There Will Be Blood feels possessed of elements of Days of Heavhen, Chinatown and Lawrence of Arabia. And if it doesn't quite stand with those films, how remarkable that it can be mentioned alongside tem.
The dense, elegiac and extraordinarily mature character study There Will Be Blood is such a departure in tone, theme and execution as if to seem by a different filmmaker entirely.
Anderson is attempting to harness the old-fashioned American Western epic with the probing psychology and intimacy of a modern-day character study. The fact that that character happens to be so repellent is one of the film's many strokes of genius.
A self-styled maverick of major ambition and, until now, minor films, [director P.T.] Anderson has achieved a bombastic breakthrough with There Will Be Blood.
As an incurable romantic, I hold out hope that Anderson's flawed but phenomenal feat here marks the start of a new, mature stage in a long career. He has genius in him. So does the movie -- before its ending.
A maddening epic with a towering, bravura performance from star Daniel Day-Lewis, There Will Be Blood will rattle your brain for weeks, even months after you see it.
More oil and sweat than passion and ideas course through There Will Be Blood, a film about the California petroleum boom of the early 20th century that is as anemic as it is ambitious.
For Plainview, his veins might as well have been filled with crude oil, for he never got the taste out of his mouth. In more ways than one, for him, that toxic dream became all too vivid.
Sprawling yet cramped, There Will Be Blood may not be the best movie of the year, but it's certainly the strangest. It evokes passing comparisons to everything from Giant to Citizen Kane but it's impossible to pigeonhole.
Daniel Day-Lewis' performance is the best of 2007, a towering portrayal of searing hatred.
Marred ever-so-slightly by a bizarre ending, this is still a picture that challenges the audience, encourages them to explore the elements within it, and rewards them for being open to possibilities.
The best film of 2007 starts with quiet drilling in the desert and ends decades later with a violent showdown in a bowling alley.
There Will Be Blood is a brilliant film, a real, important work in a world that looks at art as a four-letter word, and another entry in a filmography that stands among the most important -- and yes, distinctive -- in modern movies.
Day-Lewis gives a spirited performance in this too long, plotless character study. Whether it's histrionic or award-quality has to be up to the viewer.
There Will Be Blood hits with hurricane force. Lovers of formula and sugarcoating will hate it. Screw them. In terms of excitement, imagination and rule-busting experimentation, it's a gusher.
It's like a version of Citizen Kane that Stanley Kubrick might have directed. But the film has enough to lay its own influence in the minds of future filmmakers to come.
Filmmaking at the highest level.
If you want to be a movie snob this year, this is the one to say you've enjoyed. If you want to be entertained, this is the movie to avoid.
Whatever else it is or isn't, There Will Be Blood is an original, and a major, confident step forward.
Together [Day-Lewis and Dano] produce the year's most mercurial moments.
Anderson's drama is a beautiful combination of incredible cinematography, plays on morals and a stern statement about oil and the search for the American dream...
It delivers without question what it promised in its title.
An overwhelming experience...simple even as it is devastating.
A remarkable epic distinguished further by Day-Lewis' performance.
There Will Be Blood reminds us that the greatest screen performances don't settle for capturing one trait, a dominant emotion or an easy way in.
There Will Be Blood, the astounding new film by Paul Thomas Anderson, is Horatio Alger by way of Faust.
Individual scenes and sequences are too strange, haunting and emotionally right for the film to be dismissed. There should be no attempt or temptation to dismiss it.
That this insistently grim movie remains watchable is due in large measure to Day-Lewis, playing another wild-eyed eccentric (shades of Bill the Butcher) to mesmerizing effect.
Performances, cinematography, writing, the amazing score from Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood -- we could go on. There Will Be Blood is odd, unsettling and completely engrossing, and just the thing to restore your faith in the movies.
Conjure up the maddest despot scene you can remember and you might get a sense of the seismic register of Day-Lewis's extravagant performance. Watch and marvel, though you may have to suspend your disbelief from the top of an oil derrick.
If [Day-Lewis] does not win the Academy Award for this protean portrayal, it will be because he's won before. Or because his gift, his discipline, is so daunting it can be confounding.
A haunting enigma that refuses to conform to any recognizable pattern, period or otherwise. I suppose you could see it as a descendent of Citizen Kane. But such comparisons aren't really fair to either film.
Up to now, director Paul Thomas Anderson's work has diminished with each film since Boogie Nights, but Blood is a maturation and reinvention.
There will be no other film like it this year or next, nothing that sounds like it or looks like it or feels like it.
There Will Be Blood is anti-state of the art. It's the work of an analog filmmaker railing against an increasingly digitized world. In that sense, the movie is idiosyncratic, too: vintage visionary stuff. It's physical and tactile.
A force beyond categories.
Likely to cement the reputation of Paul Thomas Anderson (Boogie Nights) as the best of the younger American auteur filmmakers.
Paul Thomas Anderson becomes California's certified cinematic poet laureate with There Will Be Blood.
A work of stunning intelligence and dramatic sweep, a portrait of a young nation struggling to find itself, torn between religious and business values.
There Will Be Blood will be incredibly rewarding for many movie-goers, giving them ample fodder to discuss and deconstruct for years to come.
Here is a film that makes its enormous intentions abundantly clear, then follows up on them magnificently, resulting in what seems destined to become a bona fide American classic.
A true American epic in every sense of the word -- the kind of film that people will be analyzing and admiring for as long as people will continue to do such things.
Another phenomenal performance from Daniel Day-Lewis, who balances his character's purpose as symbol and depth as an individual.
Anderson never once lets on that he's making a message movie; it's mesmerizing to watch.
If Day-Lewis' Oscar-bound turn is one of the strongest of the year, it only calls more attention to the weaknesses around him.
Day-Lewis, channeling John Huston and Orson Welles (the grumbling intonations, the crazy-eyed glares) and who-knows-who-else, is nothing short of astounding.
Lively as bombastic period storytelling but limited as allegory.
There Will Be Blood is a masterpiece; Daniel Day-Lewis' performance as a ruthless oilman is without flaw.
...as compelling and flat-out exhilarating as anything within the director's virtually flawless body of work.
A very, very well made film that elicits more of an intellectual than emotional reaction.
What's so remarkable about this film is not its time frame but the wealth of its detail, t he eloquence of its images, and the sweep of its ambition
More technically marvelous than Citizen Kane; more epic than Treasure of the Sierra Madre; more thrilling than any Malick film (yes, even Badlands).
...almost as if Terrence Malick had directed Citizen Kane.
a ravishing curiosity
...boils over with a finale so grandly insane it's like the twisted Actor's Studio version of Magnolia's climactic frog plague.
For bleakness, the movie can't be beat -- nor for brilliance.
'No!' is the first word spoken in There Will Be Blood, and it should be the last said in response to Paul Thomas Anderson's latest pretend epic.
If P.T. Anderson's next film is going to be this brilliant, I have no problem waiting another half a decade or more.
Anachronistic and phantasmagoric, America's early race for oil is brought into personal terms that resonate with the withering decay of greed.
Visceral, volatile and epic.
An Old Testament bellow of ferocity and pain that seduces us on so many levels you'd swear you could see the fourth wall tumbling down around our ears.
Paul Thomas Anderson's fascinating fifth feature film is a sprawling, period piece character study... and an elongated put-on.
The movie looks amazing, the oil business is interesting, and the period is brilliantly captured, but the story isn't as good as all that.
It feels like it has reinvented cinema. It feels like nothing you've ever seen before.
This is truly a work of symphonic aspirations and masterful execution.
Anderson, the genius writer, has conjured up a tale of evil, family and greed as well as a religiosity/secularism push/pull that is at once opaque and crystal clear.
The ambience and aura Anderson creates is undeniably enthralling, the film's longish running time seeming to run away in the proverbial blink of an eye.
A mesmerizing character-study of a ruthless, misanthropic oilman doggedly building an empire in early 20th century California.
An arresting, fascinating, and sometimes disturbing motion picture experience.
[Daniel] Day-Lewis plays Plainview as a man whose heart is pitch black but still beats.
[Anderson's] skills are enough to make There Will Be Blood one of the year's most striking films; yet I still can't quite understand the level of praise it's garnering.
It's dedicated to Altman, and yet Blood feels more like a collaborative effort from Kubrick, Malick, Weir, and Coppola. And the bizarre finale is 100 percent Anderson.
[An] engrossing epic of misanthropy, capitalist monomania and religious quackery...at once savagely bleak from an emotional perspective and incredibly beautiful visually.
The movie has problems, but Daniel Day-Lewis' seismic performance is reason enough to see it.
This film invaded my consciousness (literally -- I had a dream about it the first night I saw it, a very rare occurrence) and still has a tight, daunting grip on it.
Ambitious, deeply flawed and studded with sequences that achieve pure, majestic greatness.
With his fifth film, There Will Be Blood Paul Thomas Anderson goes from the brainy poet of new American cinema to its deranged visionary.
As long as money retains the power to poison men's souls, Anderson's uncompromising masterpiece will continue to resonate as a harrowing cautionary warning to a country with oil pumping through its veins, clouding its judgment and coarsening its soul.
If there's any moviemaker who knows the California Dream was always a devil's bargain, it's Paul Thomas Anderson.
There Will Be Blood, the joint venture between actor Daniel Day-Lewis and director Paul Thomas Anderson, might be the most incendiary combination since the Molotov cocktail.
There Will Be Blood Paul Thomas Anderson's epic American nightmare, arrives belching fire and brimstone and damnation to Hell.
The best movie performance so far this century? No contest. There's Daniel Day-Lewis' awe-inspiring turn as a greedy oilman in There Will Be Blood, and there is everyone else.
Blood does not release its grip on the audience until its last, bizarrely crazy minutes.
When a director who is not yet 40 creates a masterful work that extends his own vocabulary while enlarging our appreciation of earlier masters, the time has come to start comparing that filmmaker primarily against himself.
There Will Be Blood strives for boldness, instead of just being bold. It doesn't cut, and it doesn't bleed.
There Will Be Blood is a bold and sprawling epic about false prophets and massive profits set in a stark and dramatic oil-rich landscape.
It's one of the best movies anyone's made all year.
No lesson needs to be learned here, but observations can and should be noted because we're so rarely fed such coldly realistic characters.
It's a refreshing change to see Daniel Day-Lewis get wild and woolly as Plainview, whose fearsomeness and villainy are electrifying.
An excruciatingly long one-note film, filled with sickening and senseless violence, about a misanthropic oil man and an ego-filled minister.
Ambitious as hell but irreparably flawed, Paul Thomas Anderson's There Will Be Blood enthralls for half its run but balances precariously atop an epilogue that can't sustain the picture's dramatic weight.
Everything about this production is bold from Jack Fisk's stark period production design to the strikingly discordant score by Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood. And then there is the towering performance by the unparalleled Daniel Day-Lewis...
Paul Thomas Anderson's overlong Upton Sinclair adaptation is nearly worth seeing solely for Daniel Day-Lewis's unforgettable performance. Nearly.
This cinematic gut-punch is a wake-up call for the potential of a film to get under the viewers' skin. At a time when most movies are as expendable as fast food, here's one you won't be able to shake off anytime soon.
It's almost needless to write that Daniel Day-Lewis tears into the role with hurricane-like authority. This is not acting, folks, it's a demonic possession.
A masterpiece from Paul Thomas Anderson. You won't be able to shake it off. Daniel Day Lewis delivers a chilling portrait of greed. He can be charming, cunning, terrifying and pathetic -- sometimes all at once. This is a landmark performance.
Has the force and power of scripture.
There Will Be Blood has no characters who repay our working to get inside them, and it has no thoughts beyond cliches about our country.
Simultaneously exhilarating and disturbing while leading me to a place I wasn't sure I wanted to go.
The watershed achievement of both Day-Lewis' and Anderson's careers.
A bloody-fanged, no-prisoners take on Manifest Destiny greed ... In short: an all-American tale.
Best Picture of 2007, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, Best Art Direction, Best Film Editing, and Best Cinematography.
An exegesis of capitalism and the 'Horatio Alger myth,' as well as a captivating character study, There Will Be Blood is a near-masterpiece of epic proportion.
It's sublime -- beautiful and ghastly at once.
[Blood] has repeatedly been compared to such American cinema classics as Giant, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, and Citizen Kane. That may sound like an oversell but believe me, it is that good and then some.
Baffling ending notwithstanding, a stunning performance by Daniel Day-Lewis in a film that won five awards (of a total of fifteen) from New York Film Critics Online.
Destined to take its place among such ageless tragedies of American avarice as The Godfather, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Scarface, and yes, Citizen Kane.
Crammed to its oil-slicked rafters with highly stylized forms of art direction, cinematography, performance, dialogue, and music. All that's missing from it is a sense of humanity.
Paul Thomas Anderson's loose adaptation of Upton Sinclair's 1927 novel Oil! finds the director exhibiting newfound maturity and restraint without sacrificing any measure of artistry.
An extreme departure for P.T. Anderson, this violent and jarring oil epic is an achievement in cinematic storytelling that's hard to ignore.
Interesting, original, quality work.
This operatic drama rivets us to the seat from the wordless opening reel and never lets us go.
An impressive achievement in its confident expertness in rendering the simulated realities of a bygone time and place, largely with an inspired use of regional amateur actors and extras with all the right moves and sounds.
As astounding in its emotional force and as haunting and mysterious as anything seen in American movies in recent years.
[A] work [of] blistering intensity -- and filmmaking that can make your jaw drop.
A macabre joke: suppose Capitalism and Evangelism climbed down an inky black hole together? Which one would emerge?
There Will Be Blood is a vivid, sprawling parable about greed and moral corrosion.
A major work from an extremely talented director. But it is also a flawed, and at times distasteful, piece that will turn off as many viewers as it turns on.
What Day-Lewis displays here is his extraordinary theatrical genius for the cinematic frame, which he's not reticent to make use of to its deepest dimension when the moment calls it out.
Too real to keep popcorn audiences interested, but for more patient moviegoers Daniel Day-Lewis's hypnotic performance makes it a must see.
Defies Fresh/Rotten designation by being SO good and SO bad all in one very confused act of inspiration. Cineastes must go to wallow in it.
With references to Citizen Kane, Treasure of Sierra Madre, and Giant, this uniquely American saga about unbridled greed and evils of capitalism is Anderson's most haunting and ambitious work to date.
Boldly and magnificently strange, There Will Be Blood marks a significant departure in the work of Paul Thomas Anderson.
Daniel Day-Lewis stuns in Paul Thomas Anderson's saga of a soul-dead oil man.
It's more than a "departure" for director Paul Thomas Anderson; it's a monumental display of "evolution" that'll wow the established fans and impress a helluva lot more new ones.






@highlight

Widely touted as a masterpiece, this sparse and sprawling epic about the underhanded "heroes" of capitalism boasts incredible performances by leads Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano, and is director Paul Thomas Anderson's best work to date.