It's beautifully told, passionate and sensitive to the true story and the victims that lived it.
Less a social-problem film than a drama of personal courage.
While it may be about as subtle as a swinging sledgehammer, it does leave its mark.
Nicole. Beharie. Remember the name, for if her stunning lead turn is any indication, huge things are in the future.
[American Violet] is so compelling and intriguing that it's easy for the audience to forget they're being preached to.
Put on your outrage cap.
It does almost everything well, from the direction to the performances. But it does nothing great, dragged down by an uninspired, and oddly uninspiring, script.
Newcomer Beharie gives a polished performance that deserves awards consideration.
It's not enough for a movie to have a Black cast for it to be good, it must have good writing, engaging stories and impassioned actors. This film has all three.
A well-played if too-familiar story of oppression and injustice.
A conventional but wholly gripping docudrama.
American Violet is an earnest muckraker about the justice system that won't win points for style, but wins plenty for substance.
A torn-from-the-headlines tale of institutional racism and injustice in the Lone Star State of not-so-long-ago, American Violet might not be subtle, but it's certainly powerful.
American Violet dramatizes Kelly's case, and does so in a way that will leave audiences applauding in their seats -- and wondering how much of the film is true.
Director Tim Disney and screenwriter Bill Haney lay out Dee's story with a minimum of fuss. They are smart enough to realize that the material is compelling all on its own.
American Violet feels less like life and unreasonably more like the movies.
Movingly told and packed with powerful subject matter.
Thematically, there's a lot to like here, but the execution couldn't be more heavy-handed and two-dimensional.
...a well acted piece and a scary indictment of the American penal system.
American Violet is a fine film. Dee Roberts is not an abstract symbol of injustice. To watch a mother be wrenched away from her children is heartrending.
Raw and heart wrenching, uncovering the sort of discomforting, concealed when not buried history that in an odd trend lately, is more likely to make its way to the big screen than the news headlines.
Based on the infamous Panhandle Regional Narcotics Task Force case in Tulia, Texas, American Violet makes clear the corruption and racism that pervades the official structures of its fictional town.
In a riveting debut performance, Nicole Beharie captures your heart and soul in a compelling, moving tale that inspires hope to many youths today.
Has solid performances that make it moderately compelling, but its weak screenplay merely simmers the provocative, initially intriguing issues of racial prejudice, police corruption and unjust laws without bringing them to a palpable boil.
The narrative is infused with chilling facts, and the filmmakers know how to build their case, but a drama demands more.
This flaw in the justice system might affect anyone, but American Violet shows how easily it can be racialized in a place where hardened social attitudes combine with drugs and poverty to create a permanent black underclass.
Its blaring earnestness and thin characters (all of whom practically wear badges identifying them as good or evil) fail to add nuance to a story that keeps making the same point in virtually every predictable scene.
The badly titled American Violet comes from filmmakers who had clearly made up their minds long before they had written a word. And it's aimed at people who have too, before they've seen a frame.
The true story of racial injustice gets uninspired treatment in this well-intentioned but uninvolving film version.
A movie to be discussed with those invested in being agents of justice. It raises serious questions about a system that does not protect those most vulnerable -- the poor.
Instead of telling the intimate story of one woman's steadfast perseverance against impossible, imposing forces Disney opts for the bland inspirational triumph template.
No suspense is developed, and low-income housing and women's house of detention alike are prettied up without any feeling for gritty reality.
It is an imperative story worth telling, the importance of which manages to assuage some of the film's less than successful moments.
American Violet, which is based on real events that took place in late 2000, has the quasi-documentary feel of a well-made television drama.
American Violet is a justice story, with some honest justice. It's nicely reassuring that it happens to be true.
Nicole Beharie makes one of the most thrilling feature film debuts in years.
What does it taste like? There's a slight aftertaste of force-feeding, to be sure. But mostly, thanks to excellent, nuanced performances by Beharie, Woodard, Nelson and Patton, it tastes like justice.
The film is more affecting than it ought to be, thanks to a loaded cast that includes Alfre Woodard, Tim Blake Nelson, Will Patton, Charles Dutton, and the rapper and sometime actor Xzibit.
[A]n angry, old-fashioned, and very, very welcome polemic...
Offers a message we've heard before, but it's one that bears repeating, and it's reasonably well delivered.
A docudrama that may have an outcome we already know, but is a loud lesson about truth, justice and the Texas Way.
It's been a while since we've had a rousing, inspirational film about rectifying social injustices a la "Norma Rae" or "Philadelphia."
American Violet works by not thumping its chest or waving a flag. Instead, it celebrates an individual's strength in the face of seemingly impossible odds.
An artlessly powerful performance by newcomer Nicole Behaire anchors American Violet, an instructive, sturdily built drama based on a true story worth teaching.
Hats off the director Disney and screenplay writer Bill Haney for having the courage to expose racism as the sick and sad shadow that is still alive and well in America.
A harrowing, compelling and profoundly true story that dares to tackle an important but too rarely exposed issue of the abuse of power in the American criminal justice system.
A docudrama with a good heart but a heavy hand.
You can laugh at American Violet, but most defendants are scared into pleading guilty and need all the poster girls they can get.
American Violet has the necessary anger to engage its subject but also the generic topical-telefilm aesthetics that often render it glib and inauthentic.
A movie which earns high marks simply for being the first feature film with the guts to tackle the subject of racial profiling in such an honest fashion, especially given the similar allegations recently leveled at the neighboring town of Tenaha.
Based on the true story of a racist raid in rural Texas during the 2000 Presidential election, American Violet suffers from a routine script and flat direction.
Inspired by true events, the movie may be too simple and earnest, wearing its ideology on its sleeves, but it's powerful story of injustice that needs to be told and it's well performed by Beharie, who may emerge as a dramatic leading actress.
A star is born in Nicole Beharie in the role of an African-American woman wrongly arrested on a drug charge.
The actors successfully personalize the struggle against an unscrupulous authority, building an emotional impact into American Violet.
Its simplistic, heavy handed treatment of a complex issue gives it the weight of a contrived movie of the week melodrama.
Earnestly presented and well acted, particularly by newcomer Nicole Beharie in the central role, the film shares with many other such agenda-driven dramas a complete lack of narrative surprise, merely connecting the dots.



@highlight

Though its politics are as obvious as its outcome, American Violet is an earnest docudrama about the justice system with a powerful performance from Nicole Behairie.