When the movie ended, a woman approached; like me, she had seen it on her own and I think she felt compelled to debrief with someone. "Wasn't that the saddest thing?" she asked, shaking her head. "It was," I agreed. "It really was."
Technically there is nothing wrong with The Immigrant, but it never engages or even really touches the audience.
a slow, simmering film with intense characters and a drama that demands patience and rewards with a rich drama about the American experience.
The Immigrant functions quite impressively as a character piece (or pieces, as the film is as much about Bruno as Ewa), a condemnation of the subjugation of foreigners and as a uniquely beautiful period piece.
One of the wonders of the film is how Gray reveals unexpected depths and dimensions of these characters throughout their journeys.
The Immigrant's handsome Blu-Ray transfer should be welcomed with open arms, even if there's little meat on the bone here for fans of special features.
For what it is - a golden-toned melodrama about an innocent being tarnished and then redeemed in the Big City - The Immigrant is a lovely piece of work.
The physical look of the movie is a revelation of a lost past.
Unsurprisingly, Marion Cotillard is key as the recipient of the film's many misfortunes, displaying both tenacity and fragility to cultivate audience investment in Ewa's choices.
The Immigrant is a bleak film, at times a little cold. But thanks to the magnificent work of Gray's cast, it's difficult to forget.
The film, too, changes shape as it goes along, beginning as something resembling social realism before developing into an old-fashioned "woman's picture."
What's difficult to encapsulate is the vivid emotion that underpins this story, or the depths suggested by the close-ups of the remarkable Cotillard that explain her complex state as well as recalling the golden era of 1930s Hollywood cinematography.
A terrific, contained performance by Cotillard is the cherry in this classy period piece.
I think this is really a beautiful film.
Gray's beautiful, dark film is a reminder of the difficulties faced by immigrants in any place and at any time.
Just about everybody in The Immigrant may have misplaced their copy of the Declaration of Human Rights, but a perfectly sung operatic note needs no administrative documents to work its magic.
As terrific as Cotillard is, Gray's coldly cerebral style keeps Ewa's plight at too far a remove.
Marion Cotillard is a tearful, too-lovely newcomer to a harsh America in the early 1920s.
As haunting, and haunted, as any of [James Gray's] prior achievements.
"The Immigrant" suffices as a theatrical experience, in the end, the appreciation for its visual and detailed nature are the only things that impress.
The Immigrant isn't a lot fun, but it's touched with a kind of greatness we don't see very often.
... stylishly captures its setting, and its more general depiction of Ewa's haunting journey crosses not only geographical boundaries, but chronological and emotional ones, as well.
Gray creates impeccable period detail here, recalling the graceful, masterly images from The Godfather Part II. He gets flawless performances from his actors, especially Cotillard, who is forced to keep so much inside.
...the writer/director's attempts at eliciting an emotional response fall completely and hopelessly flat.
The film is an achievement. Its complex reckoning of moral decency deserves a bigger audience.
...a stubbornly old-fashioned lovesick tale in which the bonds of passion and family are stretched to their snapping point.
Gray is a specialist in studies of people struggling to retain their dignity in desperate, morally compromising situations.
Marion Cotillard offers up one of her best performances in this painful but thought-provoking drama.
If you're able to stand back from the bleak content and just look at the performances and the production design, The Immigrant is a complete and artistically inspired piece of filmmaking that pays homage to every new citizen forced to make a fresh start.
Gray's movie is an almost flawlessly articulated example of the kind of thing we like to say they just don't make any more: serious, adult, character-driven and impassioned.
Gray is one of the most deliberate of American filmmakers, capable of turning an underground beating by the cops into a scene of two-toned aesthetic beauty, and never letting a frame go by with deep, moody meaning.
At times, Khondji's golden portraiture can make the characters seem encased in amber. But there's a tremendous payoff for the patient.
"...the old-timey aesthetic here is so overwrought the characters seem stuck in prehistoric amber."
A very melodramatic picture...yet it's remarkably evocative and compelling, almost compulsively watchable.
If the film were the pilot for an HBO series then you would probably stay tuned for the second episode. As a standalone film, it feels like very thin stuff.
One of "The Immigrant's" primary assets is its texture: a rich fabric of sights and sounds that evoke the look and feel of New York's underbelly in the early 20th century.
This is a sad and tragic story...that uses sepia tones, spot on costuming, deft production design to convey both the time and the mood of that time.
The Immigrant is two hours long, but I stayed even longer in my seat, through the credits, still in thrall to it all. The title is singular, but the scope is not so easily quantifiable.
An astonishingly beautiful, irresistibly grim movie ...
Slow-paced and sinister, it's a strangely unpredictable period piece that penetrates the soft underbelly illusion of the American experience.
This is Gray's most mature work, and the picture raises Cotillard to a select pantheon.
The huddled masses will probably be waiting for this one's arrival in the land of video on demand...
Cotillard can say more with her expressive eyes than others can with their entire bodies, and she gives more depth to Ewa than the screenplay provides.
Relentlessly downbeat, but lavishly shot and Oscar winner Cotillard, who often resembles the screen goddesses of the silent era, is magnificent.
Labored, flatly-written, heartlessly acted.
It's a little freaky to watch Phoenix go at it, a smooth-talking beguiler who suddenly turns stumblebum. But there's nothing freakish about Cotillard.
It's the stuff of melodrama, elevated by Gray's sure hand and made more by Phoenix and Cotillard, lovers and haters and something beyond.
The story is pure melodrama, but director James Gray approaches the material in such a subdued way that we might be fooled otherwise.
https://www.commonsensemedia.org/movie-reviews/the-immigrant
Memories upon memories upon memories upon legend upon lore upon sorrow upon sacrifice and ache: there is much of another time in James Gray's great and tender and sublimely sincere, emblematically cinematic "The Immigrant."
"The Immigrant" is one of those rare, strikingly beautiful film experiences that transport you to another world.
Steeped in period atmosphere, "The Immigrant" tells the story of one woman's struggle, and it is a struggle indeed, to find her way in a new country.
The film's last shot is full of irony, a naturally composed split screen of hope and despair. "The Immigrant" is like an antique photograph come to life with ghosts of the past.
Gray, despite the rough edges, manages to meld decades of melodrama into a film that is at once simple and complex, morally black-and-white and psychologically ambiguous.
Gray directs this handsome and evocative film with emotional restraint, making its archetypal title character a living individual whose moral journey is never simple.
Its portrait of early 20th-century New York, a melting pot on a relentless simmer, feels wrenchingly real.
Beautifully shot (by Darius Khondji), designed, and performed, this may well be Gray's masterpiece.
From the Caruso serenade for the new arrivals at Ellis Island to the discordant reality on the other side of the golden door, "The Immigrant" has a ringing message: Succeeding in America is a dream act.
Often brilliant, with tremendous performances by Marion Cotillard and Joaquin Phoenix.
The Immigrant is the fourth collaboration between Gray and Phoenix, and it's their most fruitful to date.
From Ellis Island to Central Park to middle-class Brooklyn to the crowded streets of the Lower East Side, Gray delivers a gritty, muted portrait of Roaring '20s New York, photographed in monochrome tones by master cinematographer Darius Khondji.
Movingly and not-always-convincingly recognizes well-explored truths about the land of opportunity, a melting pot where many have been cooked.
The beating heart of the movie is Cotillard, whose saucer eyes recall those of imperiled silent-screen legends like Lillian Gish.
The movie earns its dissonances. It's richer than anything onscreen right now.
Gray revels in the melodrama-to a fault.
This represents the fullest demonstration to date of the director's capacity for classical, Fordian composition while remaining attuned to the subtleties and naturalism of contemporary acting.
The film cuts through the mythology to offer an uncompromising vision that regards the decision to immigrate as the brave, difficult one it is.
Every indelible moment feels at once frozen in time yet utterly timeless - like a flower pressed between the pages of an old diary.
Gray and his cinematographer Darius Khondji and production designer Happy Massee have done a magnificent job of re-creating this Lower East Side melting pot -- the best I've seen since the De Niro flashbacks in The Godfather II.
It's a mystery why James Gray's The Immigrant isn't a great movie.
"The Immigrant" has many moments of exceptional power and rare delicacy ...
Call it a novelistic film, if you must. But know that it is a cinematic film, too. And above all - a James Gray one.
I can't think of another actor today who could vitalize the character of a virtuous, wronged woman as vividly and unsentimentally as Marion Cotillard does in The Immigrant.
"The Immigrant" is marvelous. James Gray has meticulously crafted a handsome, very rewarding and rare dramatization of something that, although distant, should remain familiar to all of us.
One of those prickly period pieces about hard times that gets under your skin and leaves you unsettled long after.
The film is earnestly and unabashedly melodramatic to an extent that may baffle audiences accustomed to clever, knowing historical fictions. But it also has a depth and purity of feeling that makes other movies feel timid and small by comparison.
A magnificently lush, broody period piece that harks back to the great maternal melodramas of the mid-20th century.
What predominates is a dully morose, overheated and implausible story.
Rarely has the promised land looked quite so unpromising, even within the geographically consistent and consistently moody oeuvre of James Gray.
James Gray is a classicist whose fondness for old movies -- particularly old melodramas -- is apparent in his films' every frame.
It's Cotillard, recalling icons of the silent screen, whose face reflects the bruised heart of The Immigrant, a timeless film from a director whose work rewards the closest attention.
Stories like Ewa's are the foundation of the American family, reverberating through the generations that follow. Gray ensures those echoes are heard loudly.
James Gray's film sticks in your head both for the images it creates, and for those triggered in myth memory, of the immigrant experience in America.
I wanted to fall under this movie's spell as if watching one of those early 20th-century immigrant melodramas-instead, it felt like visiting a meticulously appointed but too-tidy historical museum.
Neither Ewa nor Bruno has much depth and often come off as stock characters in a movie with little new to offer about the immigrant experience.
Gorgeously executed and incisively acted, depicting the isolation of the American Dream with a pure concentration on desperation and manipulation, gifted a sepia glaze to sell the step back in time.
Gray is the most underappreciated of this country's major filmmakers; his movies distill a century's worth of American feature film-a little late silent cinema here, a little New Hollywood there-into a distinctly personal style.
Thanks to some fantastic performances and sharp direction from James Gray, The Immigrant yields a powerful result.
Gray has few contemporaries but plenty of precedents; like Paul Thomas Anderson, he reaches so hard for a level of greatness that a different era of moviemaking that it's impossible not to get swept up in the task with him.
This rich, beautifully rendered film boasts an arrestingly soulful performance from Marion Cotillard.
Marion Cotillard scores another triumph as a Polish woman whose welcome to 1920s New York could scarcely be more trying.
Scratch the good-looking, emotionally charged surface of James Gray's period take on the love triangle theme he has already explored in Two Lovers and you find a rather stagey melodrama.
It's as if the ghosts of an older, vanished New York have been freed from the tyranny of faded photographs and allowed, once again, to move, think, and feel.
Gray has said he was inspired by Puccini, and with a staggering last shot, "The Immigrant" reaches a crescendo of operatic beauty.
Roils with passion, but does it with a quiet intensity that is startlingly effective.
Few contemporary filmmakers have James Gray's ability or ambition to match exquisite craft with emotionally complex storytelling.
Gray is an intelligent director, always concerned to offer his audiences something other than the usual Hollywood formula pictures. The Immigrant is certainly different: but Gray seems to run out of ideas and the film is shapeless and unsatisfying.
Some of the film scenes fall flat, but, after all, the American Dream is of a future in which one never loses hope.
The harrowing story of a Polish nurse who struggles to survive and keep her soul alive in 1921 New York.
The film sometimes makes it difficult to suspend disbelief.
In its stripped-down realism and blistering fixation on its main character's grappling with life and mortality, the film is kin to Roberto Rossellini's collaborations with Ingrid Bergman.
The ambient fury of the director James Gray's teeming historical drama is built into the very fabric of his tensely unbalanced wide-screen images.
Such a beautiful movie -- and so cold, too.
It's just a shame that Cotillard's impressive performance isn't hung on a more vibrant story.
The best movie of its kind since Elia Kazan.
An old-fashioned but subdued melodrama, with a pleasingly ripe musical score and scenes full of big emotions performed at a hushed pitch.
For the most part The Immigrant is works in an incredibly satisfying and affecting manner.
...Gray is a filmmaker we love, and all the best qualities of his intelligent style are here in abundance...The Immigrant is contained, restrained, thoughtful filmmaking that satisfies on nearly every level...
The shock of the old made new, a miracle achieved, a great movie rising before me-like a delusion, like a dream.

@highlight

Beautiful visuals, James Gray's confident direction, and a powerful performance from Marion Cotillard combine to make The Immigrant a richly rewarding period drama.