This loosely adapted biopic drawn from the Dr. Oliver Sacks case study, The Last Hippie, resonates with the emotional power of music back in time to heal and awaken broken lives.
It's really for anybody who loves their music -- whatever that music is -- so much that hearing it is enough to transport them to another time and place.
.. it's curious that a film essentially about the healing power of music can be so tone deaf about some of the particulars, this is a movie that some ...baby boomers will absolutely adore. Others should approach with caution.
This heartily maudlin character study is sort of a crash course in Boomerology.
This fact-inspired story from the physician who gave us Awakenings mostly plays like a Lifetime movie.
The treatment of the music alone makes the movie worth seeing, but the sophisticated nature of the narrative builds well on the musical foundation.
Simmons has never been better than he is here, as he transforms Henry from a guy burdened with regret to one bursting with hope.
... radiates good intentions and bland professionalism without ever becoming as moving or inspiring as it seems to want to be.
Some will collapse in tears over this story. Others will remain stone-cold. And still others, like me, will land somewhere in the middle of these extremes.
A wounded and hopeful take on generation gaps and the wider, nearly unbridgeable chasms created by neurological disaster.
The Music Never Stopped offers up a fairly predictable medical melodrama.
A medley of "Memento," "The King's Speech" and "Hair," "The Music Never Stopped" is sentimental pop packaged as a profound rock opera.
No matter what, Simmons is worth seeing.
The sentiments are real without succumbing to exaggerated sentimentality, thanks in large part to that big lovable lug, J.K. Simmons.
Kohlberg is determined to manipulate your emotions; he succeeds.
It's sentimental, yet so honest and eccentric that it rises above schmaltz.
Director Jim Kohlberg misses a few beats, but more amplitude would have been appreciated.
Simmons's talents carry the film, elevating the work of his fellow actors.
This sentimental father and son tale adapted from an Oliver Sacks essay by Gwyn Lurie and Gary Marks plays it altogether too genteelly for the turbulent times it depicts.
Succeeds on the shoulders of Simmons, who's fantastically moving when Henry familiarizes himself with his son's favorite music as the lone remaining way to connect with him.
Meant to be about the soundtrack of our lives, and music as a form of connection, but it traffics only in cliches and screenwriting shortcuts.
Music brings family back together in moving drama.
You'll undoubtedly feel something when watching a film like this, but not necessarily anything that hasn't been evoked more originally, and more effectively, elsewhere.
Skews to fantasy over fact, but when it blinks at you with those puppy-dog eyes, just see if you don't sniffle.
The Music Never Stopped is often static and follows a familiar trajectory. Yet it has power, partly because Simmons does a fine job of showing how hurt Henry is that his taste didn't imprint on Gabe beyond grade school.
Awash in sentiment and Grateful Dead music, this sap-fest may delight the susceptible, after a few visits to Bongland.
Presumably intended as an inspirational medical drama, this dated effort congeals into stale nostalgia. Mr. Simmons deserves better.
It sounds like TV-grade schmaltz, but it isn't, thanks to expertly astringent work by Simmons...
It's hard even to describe the film's plot without reflexively mocking its saccharine commodification of some really good music, but there are in fact a few fairly moving moments to be found.
The songs and a couple of strong performances are only good enough to make the film watchable, not exceptional.
A father-son drama that wraps a gripping neurological oddity in comfortably familiar movie sentimentality.
It's an audience-friendly drama about family, conflict and the healing power of music.
A powerful, even shattering look as music's power to unite where it once divided.
Deeply moving, powerful and inspiring. It radiates a rare glow of humor and warmth. J.K. Simmons gives by far the best performance of his career.
Sketchy and heavy on the treacle.
Touching story about the emotional uplift of music, the tenderizing of a family member's heart, and a father-son reconciliation like nothing you've ever seen before; one of the best films of 2011.
It's about the healing power of music ... and it's a moving father-son story that can't help but choke you up, if you let it.
A deeply moving film on many levels that wears its love for '60s music on its sleeve for what is ultimately a solid family drama.
Strain is evident elsewhere.
Sensitive if sentimental, delivering a trippy, heartfelt message that echoes across the generations and decades.
Lots of good music but the picture flirts with Hallmark Hall of Fame feel-goodism.
This is the kind of warm, uncluttered, feel-good film that you take your parents to see, and I absolutely mean that in a good way.
JK Simmons takes center stage, clueless as to how to communicate with his son. And then there's the music, grabbing at us, taking us out of ourselves while pulling us in. Playing us, as it were -- but in a good way.
The film does manage to transcend its disease-of-the-week trappings and fall squarely between TV-movie and Oscar-baiting. A rather solid father/son tale as their relationship becomes a very moving center.
A sentimental but deeply felt true story about the healing power of music.
The Music Never Stopped isn't exactly good, but it's definitely better than you fear it is when you reach the halfway mark.
A good Sunday afternoon cable watch, but not much more than that.
Simmons is a powerhouse of character development. You really believe that he's learning and coming around. It is touching to see a father and son connect, and there's some mild The Notebook sting when Gabriel forgets immediately.
The novel premise and otherwise nuanced performances are enough to hold attention.

@highlight

An involving, if sentimental and predictable family drama elevated by J.K. Simmons' sympathetic lead performance.