An endangered species, Diaz makes a point to treat cinema as a complex, multifaceted art form in which sensual, intellectual, and sacred experiences are inextricably linked.
A deaf and tragic prison drama of ideologically intertwined stories. [Full review in Spanish]
A dense, intense and lush cinematic experience. [Full review in Spanish]
Four hours of academic moralising could be a lot more opaque than this crafty, organic film presents them as being.
Even though this movie is over four hours long, it presents only part of the story. A lot of its length is due to long, uncut static camera shots where little or nothing is happening.
Diaz roots his film in the quotidian so as to make it all the more noticeable when he reaches for the transcendent, a lofty goal he frequently achieves.
In a time when so much art and entertainment is designed to be consumed in bite-size portions with little aftertaste, it's inspiring that a mental, emotional and spiritual feast like this can see the light of day.
Powerful and humbling, this 2013 drama is worth every minute you're willing to give it.
Diaz has shaped his material with a mesmerizing rhythm, digital lenser Larry Manda's imagery often stunning.
A political and spiritual parable, but related with such subtle realism and incantatory rhythms that it is far more mysterious than didactic.
If the movie's universal themes don't impress, its specific details do.
While the final hour or so of the film is depressing beyond belief, the middle section does grab attention, with Diaz creating some truly memorable moments amid the rambling narrative.
As is often the case with three-hour-plus projects, a sense of Stockholm Syndrome kicks in, leaving us happy to roll along with real-time rhythms of meals and walks and chores.
Moments are electrifying - the spaces between them challenging.
Diaz is dealing with primal emotions in a contemplative, visually striking way.
It's bristling with plot and ideas. The story sprawls, but it also rivets.
Shot in blazing colour, this builds into an intense and emotional saga of evil, guilt and injustice.
Diaz's most vocal fans do him no favours in this regard: he might become a better, more self-critical director if people stopped reassuring him that every new film he makes is a deathless masterpiece.
Filipino maven Diaz delivers a bravura, literary human drama that does justice to its great source material.
Detailed, rich, complex filmmaking.
Patient and inquisitive viewers will surely find it a very rewarding experience, and one hopes it's not the last Lav Diaz film to make its way to these shores.
Masterly elements, for sure. Spurts of vivid violence and dialectical debate.
This is a classical tragedy of the modern Philippines and of global capitalism, a story of violence, hate, fear and love spread out on a colossal panorama which extends its reach into the realms of the spiritual and the supernatural.
Superb.
There are moments of staggering beauty and power on display here and yet there are also moments when it seems to be ambling around with no clear idea of where it wants to go.
More than four hours long, filmed in expansive takes with almost no close-ups and very few camera movements, Lav Diaz's "Norte, the End of History" is a tour de force of slow cinema.
Norte is formidable cinema that doesn't shy away from exploring history, philosophy, politics and religion at length. But it's also a story of three individuals, through whom these topics gain sharper focus.
...this might just be [Diaz's] greatest achievement so far.
Any thought of Diaz as a director who makes it all up as he goes along is comprehensively belied by a tightly structured narrative that, for all its length and languid pacing, contains very little dead time.
Diaz is ultimately more interested in larger themes of morality, religion, justice, and history than in the characters, who become more representative than human.
You'd have to go back to Edward Yang's Yi-Yi to find a movie that approaches marathon-length running times yet still makes you wish it were twice as long.
For all its specificity to the Philippines, its thematic breadth is universal. Diaz is a patient, perceptive observer of life.
Lav Diaz's film doesn't just convey time, endurance, perseverance; it makes us feel them.

@highlight

Its four-hour length is undeniably imposing, but Norte, the End of History rewards patient viewers with an absorbing, visually expansive viewing experience.