[Paul] Rudd is the kind of actor that is so innately watchable, with the boyish, ageless good looks of a Tom Cruise, but the everyman likability of a Jack Lemmon, it feels all but impossible at this point for him not to brighten whatever movie he is in.
Unforgettable, poignant dark comedy has lots of cursing.
Like a lazy stand-up, writer-director Rob Burnett leans on F-bombs for his laughs in this blandly predictable terminal illness road comedy.
A dramedy about a sensitive caregiver and the teenage boy he looks after.
While Burnett doesn't provide a full cinematic meal with "The Fundamentals of Caring," he juggles tone surprisingly well, managing to keep the feature afloat where other helmers would fail within the first act.
A road movie usually has its characters upfront unexpected situations and a gallery of predictable characters, this film breaks that rule. [Full review in Spanish]
Rudd, a great stabilizer of even low-rated Rotten-Tomato-ed comedies, is a star whose immeasurable talents need more challenges, and here is a nice change of pace. A dramedy with a little soul.
Rudd and British actor Roberts have great chemistry and the film's best moments are when they riff... Rudd the silly American, Roberts the uptight Brit, both having a good time and bringing the audience along with them.
Think of it like a John Green adaptation directed by James Ponsoldt and scored by Arcade Fire; filled to the brim with clichés. But clichés exist for a reason.
I don't know if Netflix got the best Sundance movie with "Caring." But it may have gotten the most Sundance movie.
It's formulaic, sentimental and the cast list includes Selena Gomez. But it's also one of this summer's most enjoyable lightweight comedies.
...while it certainly won't win any awards for subtlety, The Fundamentals of Caring boasts a talented cast, sharp wit, and a funny script to liven the buddy road trip genre past its apparent tropes.
Despite a plethora of tear-jerking clichés, bathos is neatly avoided through the first half of this drama...but oh, that second half!
These Fundamentals include packing every road trip cliche into one film, but you'll be too charmed to care.
Death, taxes, the enduring adorability of Paul Rudd: these things, at least, we know for certain.
Director-writer Rob Burnett... deserves props for making such an offbeat, heartfelt film, and landing the talent to pull the lead roles off. It's just unfortunate that the film itself is not entirely successful.
At the core, this is just another road trip movie, but it bends expectations enough to be cleverly pleasing.
A strained, overly familiar tale of catharsis and redemption.
The cast all turn in convincing performances, and the dialogue is occasionally quite clever ...
The pleasures of Rudd overpower the programmatic elements.
It pulls its punches, and soft-pedals on any authentic misery that its scenarios might evoke. But its essential amiability and decency comes through.
Both Roberts and Rudd do persuasive work.
The Fundamentals of Caring is beyond predictable, landing every single beat you're expecting it to land, and yet it's all made engaging and enjoyable thanks to the warmth and rascal-like humor of Rudd and a funny, complicated turn by Roberts.
Burnett finds nuggets of comedy in the blindspots in your typical accounts of degenerative diseases.
The Fundamentals of Caring is a solid buddy movie that uses some genuinely funny moments to underscore a poignant message about friendship and dealing with the cards life has dealt you.
Any dramatic tension the film establishes is washed away in an ocean of what Demolition Man once called "joy-joy feelings."
The constant hilarity of the first half and the less frequent but still potent hilarity of the second half are enough to outweigh the contrived, groan-inducing missteps.
Rudd and Roberts are great but the movie is too dull and predictable.
Rudd and Roberts shine in this buddy road trip film. But a lack of depth from the script with all the characters prevent this film from being a true Sundance breakout.
I enjoyed "Fundamentals of Caring," but it's hard not to notice it amounts to a checklist of all the things that were once supposed to add up to an inspiring indie hit.
One of those emotionally artificial comedies that have become a staple of the Sundance Film Festival.
With material this familiar, casting is crucial. And Burnett has a pair of aces up his sleeve in Paul Rudd and Craig Roberts ...

@highlight

The Fundamentals of Caring gets maximum mileage out of the chemistry between its well-matched leads as it follows a fairly well-worn coming-of-age road trip route.