For those of you with Poldark withdrawal, who simply want to slip into a coma of heaving bosoms and pulsing ponies and farm work, this is perfect material.
It captures an element that was especially dear to Hardy, the details of farm life.
[Carey] Mulligan was born to play Bathsheba.
But I will say that the cinematography is lovely. The rest is just extremely forgettable.
Come for the dialogue and lengthy stares.
Because the performances are so precisely understated, you have to watch closely to see how much each frame reveals.
This Far From the Madding Crowd is to be commended most for the nuances that it never sacrifices.
Far from the Madding Crowd is luscious in its own way. And imminently rewarding.
Far From the Madding Crowd feels like a missed opportunity more than anything else, as instead of playing to the strengths of both author and director [...] it coasts on playing to the conventions of the same old stale period dramas.
On the whole, Schlesinger's Wessex trumps Vinterberg's, which suffers from one of the loopiest examples of miscasting I've seen for some time.
Madding Crowd would be a lot more effective if Mulligan's feminism didn't disappear to create plot points. But it is suitably well-acted and hits you right in the romance bone.
There is plenty of desire on display here, conveyed in the tremble of the lip or in the intensity of the gaze, or in the deeply saturated colours of a hayfield.
It's really hard to fathom that Denmark's Thomas Vinterberg, co-founder of the radical Dogme 95 Movement with Lars Van Trier, could direct a picture so straight-laced and traditional, so bland and dull.
Such an inflexible adaptation results in a rather half-hearted screenplay that lacks the energy of its source novel, failing to arouse or thrill on any level.
The film's production values are beyond reproach... But the casting disasters and the schematic deliberation of the story make for a flat and empty ending.
Although screenwriter David Nicholls' seriously rushed, trimmed and modified adaptation has created large discrepancies with the book, this ... remains a strangely engrossing film.
This is a drama, despite feeling rushed in sections, intent on providing satisfaction above all else.
Vinterberg has fashioned a handsomely-mounted version of Hardy and populated it with a winning quartet of workmanlike thespians. And it's still a great title, whichever way you slice it.
I found this adaptation to be entertaining and compelling. I liked the fact that it takes a lighter, more humorous approach to the story. The ending is very nice, too.
This is a fine story splendidly designed, performed and shot, and it will be fascinating to see who emerges clutching what on Oscar night.
This may not be the most innovative literary update, but as a new episode of an old game show, it's a swoon-worthy knockout.
The cast are flawless. Mulligan gives a career-best performance, while Sheen manages to be both hilarious and tragic as his persistent advances are rebuffed.
An enthralling tale adapted to the screen by a director whose work mostly deals with contemporary issues--a testament to Hardy's continuing appeal.
A great deal of the film is as good as you could wish. Yet the screenplay, by David Nicholls, feels truncated, almost like a Reader's Digest version of the book.
It's a good bit of romantic escapism with lovely visuals.
Such as it is then, Far From the Madding Crowd, is a mixed bag, but one that's easy to recommend.
[Vinterberg] has created a painterly, Hardy-esque world that transcends stereotypes of bucolic beauty - and whose bewitching half-light clings to us as we leave the theater.
Mulligan infuses Bathsheba with this unwavering practicality as well as a modern female sensibility, and the result is a screen heroine who makes you smile, even when she does uncharacteristically stupid things for the sake of driving the plot forward.
It's Mulligan's Bathsheba who gives the film its center, providing us with an utterly modern woman fighting the constraints of a Victorian world.
It's a fine adaptation of the classic.
The movie places the swoonier love story aspects of Far From the Madding Crowd in the forefront, but it also, more interestingly, surfaces its coming-of-age qualities.
If you can forgive the soap opera story, Madding Crowd is a beautiful film, making the most of its striking British landscapes.
An interesting option for those who love unusual movies, period pieces,specially those based on the work of one of the most important novelists of the 19th Century. [Full review in Spanish]
The current Crowd, which is a nice diversion from the summer's CGI extravaganza, should be a crowd pleaser.
The film's restrained nature may ... [keep] it from being a major hit, but for all it loses in marketability it gains in being a suitably emotive experience.
The story's arc is pure Harlequin -romance, but it's given a sheen of respectability by Hardy's words and Thomas Vinterberg's lush direction.
The new movie version of Far From the Madding Crowd can't compete with its predecessor on any of those fronts, but it does have a trump card, and her name is Carey Mulligan.
You know that your Victorian England period piece is not working when the most interesting thing on screen is the clothes-horse fashion sense of your leading lady.
Vinterberg has made a gentle, unintrusive film, graceful and too refined to speak out of turn.
One of the best movies this year, so far.
With the immeasurable aid of a great cast, Danish director Thomas Vinterberg (Festen; The Hunt) mounts a very honourable adaptation of Thomas Hardy's sweeping melodrama about lust, doomed romance and how not to pick a husband.
A film that is both highly controlled on the surface, and molten with lust underneath.
Mulligan displays reserves of fortitude to add to her more familiar winsomeness, while Vinterberg relishes the challenge of keeping all this timeless and contemporary.
It's a classy and seductive example of the art of the intimate epic.
There's a purity to the performances and what should seem like played-out dramatic tropes feel fresh, reflected in the film's stunning rural photography and costuming.
A visual and engaging tale, filled with visual and emotional richness
It's an adult rebuttal to so-called modern romances like Twilight which are aimed squarely at American teenagers and unrealistically dictate women's unflinching loyalty and debt to men.
The melodrama that has room to breathe in Hardy's 1874 novel (and the 170-minute 1967 adaptation of the story) is so rushed here that it looks faintly ridiculous.
Buoyed by the chemistry between its leads and the genuine feelings that they manage to convey, this is pastoral life as you like to see it on the screen.
A painterly movie with stunning cinematography, 'Far From the Madding Crowd' stays faithful to the classic novel by Thomas Hardy. The story of manners and class distinctions is told with director Thomas Vinterberg's focus on environments and costumes.
Those looking for a 'Downton Abbey' fix between seasons will love this gorgeous, new Victorian-era adaptation.
A beautifully mounted, fiercely intelligent, bracingly alive literary adaptation that remains an unabashed crowd-pleaser.
Beautifully acted, grandly romantic cinema that nevertheless doesn't lose touch with the Earth.
Overcomes its ripe visuals and familiar story line with straightforward, actorly style.
While [Far From the Madding Crowd is] beautiful to look at, [it] suffers from inconsistent direction and the miscasting of the lead female role.
It helps that the script by David Nicholls captures much of the beauty and ugliness of the Hardy novel. Vinterberg then put together the right cast to create a first-rate adaptation that gets an additional boost from the stunning English setting.
Although 'Far from the Madding Crowd' is saved from being cinematic decoupage by Carey Mulligan's thoughtful lead performance, it's kind of a dud.
Splendid as drama and strong on character -- the four leads are exceptional -- this is one of the year's best films and easily one of the most visually beautiful.
Mulligan breathes life into Bathsheba, in a performance that highlights the character's passion without treating her like a flighty, immature girl.
The romantic entanglements of Hardy's novel lends itself to an overtly melodramatic interpretation, but Vinterberg's approach is blessedly restrained.
The brutality and frankness of Hardy's storytelling may surprise those used to more genteel period adaptations
Mulligan doesn't have the aura of unattainability that Julie Christie did in the 1967 film version of "Far from the Madding Crowd," but her earthier appeal feels truer to the character and less like the idealized vision of a masculine imagination.
Director Thomas Vinterberg crafts a handsome film, then lets the string section goo everything up.
This cross between Danielle Steel and Masterpiece Theatre will find its audience (and should), yet something's missing.
Vinterberg's film offers something rare for an adaptation of a 141-year-old work of literature: It delivers a dose of modern relevance -- and thus resonance.
Beautifully rendered but the subject that drives the story - English class distinction - is subsumed by the three suitors' pursuit of the independent heroine.
Moviegoers often say, "Forget about the book, even if it's a 'classic.' How does the film work on its own terms?" But that's the point: On its own terms, it's bewildering.
The heart of the tale is driven by Sheen's delicately proud, pained performance as the third man. And it's in scenes with Sheen that Mulligan is at her sparkling and most seductive best.
It's to Far From the Madding Crowd's benefit that Vinterberg has a smart casting department.
A good, solid version of this novel, guided by Mulligan, is still an achievement.
Vinterberg's classical, pastoral aesthetic recalls the heyday of the Merchant Ivory films, without the corny sentimentality of their lesser imitators.
It's beautifully old and atmospheric without feeling dated.
Carey Mulligan is an inspired choice to play Bathsheba... She's cool and confident; we come to respect her strength and appreciate that she doesn't need a man to be complete.
Far From the Madding Crowd may not be the most ideal role for a woman, but Carey Mulligan's an actress who can take this ordinary material and make it sing.
...an extremely delightful period drama that will make your heart flutter with a beautiful story and rich leading cast.
Sturdy, somber adaptation, a sweeping romance, redolent with sheep-dipping, hay-stacking and windswept moors.
This is a film I could watch again and again because it so beautiful --- and beautifully acted.
Casting Mulligan in this role might seem like a curious choice. But her character combines the smarts, spunk and a sly sexuality that is difficult to ignore. And she is eminently likeable.
Sturdy adaptation of Hardy, with some fine work by Mulligan.
A thoughtful literary adaptation that lives up to expectations, Far From the Madding Crowd breathes exciting new life into a classic story.
Mulligan is fetching and sure, as always, but the smoldering Schoenaerts is outright magnetic while consistently low key. Take note, Hollywood.
Mulligan is charming as ever, flouting the rules society has set in place, and Sheen's painfully tortured farmer more than makes up for Sturridge's over-the-top antics. But it's likely Schoenaerts you'll remember most ...
A sense of duty and a desire to create pretty pictures ... aren't exactly compelling reasons to mount a cinematic adaptation of a celebrated novel.
You can smell the faintly salty air, hear the sheep's insistent bleating, sense the coolness of a spring dew, feel the sharpness of the wind as the seasons change.
Nearly all of these developments wind up onscreen, but that only goes to show how the most faithful adaptation, by emphasizing some things and deemphasizing others, can spin the story in a different direction.
It's all a little dutiful-seeming, but the making of the movie is Carey Mulligan.
Far From the Madding Crowd is stately, handsome, appealingly old-fashioned, and Schoenaerts, with his quiet, broad-shouldered presence and unforced masculinity, is the perfect fellow to hoe this particular row.
The movie, to its credit, holds on to the book's singular vision of a willful woman undoing several social strata of hapless men.
The newest "Far from the Madding Crowd" is a modern feeling film that is a showcase for the talented Carey Mulligan.
Thomas Vinterberg's sturdy new film adaptation brings out some of the darker shades, literally and figuratively, in Hardy's proto-feminist tale.
Mulligan uses her beguiling smile to defuse the dramatic underpinnings of the story, and Sheen adds another shading to his gallery of great performances. But it's Belgian actor Schoenaerts who will leave the target audience atwitter.
Whatever quantity of soap froths up Thomas Vinterberg's presentation of Thomas Hardy's novel, it does nothing to fade out the lush colors that stain his gorgeous depiction of the author's English countryside.
Sure, it's a literary classic, but when you translate that to film, doesn't it usually mean stodgy, old-fashioned and, above all else, boring? Not in this case.
...more akin to an anonymous BBC production than the work of a once-exciting Dogme 95 alumnus.
This adaptation of Thomas Hardy's towering 1874 novel is triply smart. It uses dramatic concision, snappy country-life couture, and bold, graphic-novel colors to bring a contemporary tang to a capacious Victorian classic.
Content with hitting the high points of the plot as a solid Masterpiece Theatre presentation might do, [but] Vinterberg at least treats Hardy's work with respect, if not a lot of imagination.
Only with a final flourish in the last pages does the tragedy relent. This movie, though, doesn't leave time to savor the peculiarity of what's transpired. Hardy convinced with the warmth of his writing. Vinterberg lacks a cinematic equivalent.
Period costume drama done as only the British can.
Carey Mulligan captures the effervescent determination of Thomas Hardy's literary heroine in this onscreen adaptation.
It's solid stuff; well played, affectionately told, and still stirring in its role reversals, both personal and political.
A loving, faithful portrait of an era which was, let's face it, a bit dull. It feels like Victorians the way they wanted to see themselves more than Victorians as they actually were.
The magnificent Mulligan - grabbing our attention from the moment she appears in a tight-fitting strikingly dashing russet leather jacket to gallop across the Dorset countryside - rightly dominates this ravishing costume drama.
Bathsheba's three suitors represent...intimate friendship, sex and comfortable safety - but the new film flubs the character of the seducer...One cannot help but wonder what, say, Robert Pattinson might have brought to this role.
Handsomely mounted, this is a period drama in which both unspoken demands and stated appetites drive the emotions that simmer below the surface from the first frame.
A chance to see another fine portrayal by Mulligan, and an opportunity to spend a few hours in a fevered fantasy world of prim and proper ladies and hot-headed shepherd boys.
The Victorian-era heroine is cast as a feminist in director Thomas Vinterberg's sumptuous adaptation.
While the costumes and the scenery look great, there's not much beneath the surface.
A film that feels charged with life and hunger and romantic-erotic energy, with the ever-present danger of fire and storm and financial catastrophe that connected life in 19th-century rural England to the Middle Ages, and to mythology.
The madding now comes so close on the heels of the gladding and the sadding, that it isn't until the very end, that you realize you've been artfully shepherded - stampeded, really - right off an emotional cliff.
Because Mulligan's Bathsheba is such an encompassing portrait, I never felt as if I was watching a "type." Bathsheba, with all her warring impulses, is ferociously her own woman.
Less ethereal and flirty than Julie Christie's Bathsheba, Mulligan anchors the film and stirs the viewer with her contradiction-filled, flesh-and-blood, dynamic portrait of a norm-busting Hardy heroine.
What viewers are left with is a flop of a film that weakly gestures at ideas that deserve a lot better.
Mulligan is terrific in this role, her multivalent delivery of the dialogue doing much to enrich her character.
In the end, this Far From the Madding Crowd is a handsome but bloodless version of the Hardy classic.
A lovely looking, sweetly scored mid- market diversion.
Just try to stop yourself from swooning.
Vinterberg is clearly more interested in the characters' emotional, romantic entanglements than in being stuffy or classy.
Vinterberg may rush the final act, but he brings out the wild side in Mulligan, who can hold a close-up like nobody's business. She's a live wire in a movie that knows how to stir up a classic for the here and now.
The fact that this film prompts not a sob but a shrug is a tragedy all of its own.
Lovers of period drama should not feel disappointed but it does lack some of the wild passion and intensity required truly to capture your heart.
Mulligan is spot-on, the rest hovers between solid and forgettable.
Feels like a missed opportunity to do a country romantic melodrama in grand style.
A thoroughly modern film anyone can relate to - it's like a "what a woman wants" discussion set in Victorian times. It's also an instant classic.
Brilliant counter programming to the impending onslaught of superheroes and excessive noise in the multiplex is this vigorous, melodramatic re-imagining of rural Victorian England.
There is romance and drama in the story, tragedy and betrayal, but it engages in a bracing fashion with issues of class, honor, and values.
The film is at its strongest in the scenes between Bathsheba and Gabriel Oak (Matthias Schoenaerts).
I was captivated. Carey Mulligan gives an Oscar (R)-quality performance; it never occurred to me that she was acting...ably supported by a fine cast and beautiful cinematography. This is one of the best films I've seen this century.
A glowing Carey Mulligan illuminates the screen as Bathsheba Everdene in this lush adaptation of Far from the Madding Crowd.
The story remains gripping and the cast is wonderful, with Mulligan proving an altogether less tortured Hardy heroine than usual.
There is much pleasure in watching these fine actors navigate rough emotional waters, each conveying as much in sidewise glances as they do in direct discourse.
All in all, it's a perfectly decent take on Hardy's timeless tale.
"Far from the Madding Crowd" has its appeal. Yet like unrequited love, one can't help but lament what might have been.
It's buoyant, pleasant and easygoing. That's a recommendation of sorts, and also an expression of disappointment.
A woman fights to keep her freedom in Thomas Hardy's love quadrangle, rendered visually by director Thomas Vinterberg in a poised, crisp, and actor-centric film.
pleasant if predictable
Far from the Madding Crowd is pretty to look at, even if it is a sort of SparkNotes version of Thomas Hardy's novel.
An amazing meditation on yearning and the brimming hearts of three men and the woman they all want to marry.
It is also beautifully filmed, offering a vivid sense of both time and place as the camera scans the rugged beauty of the rural landscape, but mostly it is what you want any drama to be: involving.
For a story that's all about choice and consequence, the way it rips through plot points in the latter half makes the ending feel more like an inevitable contrivance than a maturation. Although, in fairness, the scenery always stays just as beautiful.
In trying to create a feminist icon out of a decidedly Victorian character (just look at her name), the movie loses sight of the actual story it came to tell.
An enthralling, complex, nimbly acted drama with a sweeping romance that doesn't shy away from sexual politics.
Bathsheba should be more than a dress-up doll, and the rest more than a potboiler. Lost in the gloss is Hardy's weirdness, and with it half his greatness.
It's a wholly respectable adaptation, though perhaps a flash or two more of wildness wouldn't have gone amiss.
This filmed version of Hardy's fourth novel is well worth seeing. It rises head and shoulders above most of what we've been seeing lately.
If there's one complaint about "Far From the Madding Crowd," it's that the chemistry between Mulligan and Schoenaerts doesn't totally spark. But then, how much pizzazz does one really expect from Victorian England?
As a cinematic condensation, it mostly works, even if the pace sometimes feels a bit frantic.
A "Far From the Madding Crowd" in which romance is a matter of audience indifference or benign mystification is an adaptation not firing on all cylinders.
This new take on the Thomas Hardy classic vividly captures the story's modern themes through complex performances from a sharp cast...
This is a classic story told with genuine craft, and featuring a truly great performance by Carey Mulligan.
It struggles, like so many Thomas Hardy adaptations before it, to find a purpose for itself beyond "widescreen study guide." Picturesque and impersonal, it evacuates incident upon incident, as though Hardy's plotting were the runs.
Waiting in rapt, nail-biting tension for even the tiniest bit of catharsis equates to wonderful drama, and if adorable hats can also enter into the equation, all the better.
Will no doubt captivate future generations of tenth-graders who couldn't be bothered to read the book, but it flattens the complex characters and grand scope of Hardy's novel into an airless and overly truncated CliffsNotes version.
"Far From the Madding Crowd" is one the most satisfying, finest romantic period dramas to grace screens, big or small, in awhile.
Even if you don't consider yourself an easy mark for literary bodice-rippers served with a side of sexual politics, this Madding Crowd gives you plenty of reason to swoon.
[VIDEO ESSAY] What a difference a remake can make.
It's easy to read this 19th century tale as modern and feminist, but it's even more exciting is how right it gets sloppy, not always sensible emotions.
Ultimately, this is a romance, so our heroine never strays too far from the appointed path - and its swoony end - but the director also gives her space to explore what it might be like to, well, just have your own piano.
A well-cast period romance aching with longing
Ridiculously romantic in all the best ways, and more modern, more progressive, and even just plain more grownup that half the movies thrown at us today.
Sprawling romantic novels such as Hardy's are often best suited to serial television, because bringing heart and mind into sync takes time, so it's just as well that - apart from the brutal tailoring - Mulligan is seamless.
Tom Sturridge is too numbly featureless to channel the cruel but sexy Sergeant Troy; they don't call them wooden soldiers for nothing. Sadly, his performance is perhaps the perfect counterpart to Mulligan's.
Madding Crowd will remind viewers of how hungry they are for an epic romance minus the cynicism and snark.
I was never a fan of the 1967 version with Julie Christie, but director Thomas Vinterberg gets it all right this time with this hugely romantic adaptation of Thomas Hardy's novel that features a never-better Carey Mulligan in the lead role.
Carey Mulligan's commanding performance is an easy beacon to follow: her Bathsheba is caught between the vulnerability of youth and the strength of knowing her own value.
For all the bucolic beauty and ravishing romance, we're reminded that violence is never far from the surface - and Vinterberg captures the brewing tragedy magnificently.
Extremely well done and well acted, it's an attractive, appealing, involving adaptation, just not as iconic as the '60s film.
Though its social scope is narrower than Hardy's, you do come away from it with a true sense of the shrouded world that he devised, where fate could frown upon even the blithest day.
The lack of real analysis or consideration leaves this perilously close to a Goldilocks-style depiction of privileged female indecision.
David Nicholls deserves huge credit for condensing Hardy's sprawling melodrama into a rollicking screenplay that comes in at under two hours and still hits all the major plot points.
Carey Mulligan is a delight to watch in her authentic recreation of a feminist looking for a man who is able to "tame" her.
[It] has one great strength: an outstanding performance in this difficult, perhaps fundamentally incoherent, role from Carey Mulligan, far more intense, compelling and modern than Christie, much more intimately filmed.
With dashing redcoats, picturesque bucolic vistas and heaving bosoms aplenty, there is more than enough in Danish director Thomas Vinterberg's gorgeous adaptation of Thomas Hardy's classic novel to treat any lingering Poldark withdrawal symptoms.
Boasts fine performances and pristine technical credits, but fails to make a deep connection as it jolts awkwardly towards a sweet finale.
What does register at every turn is a vibrant sense of time and place that pulls us into Hardy's bygone world even when the drama falters.
This is an interesting, heartfelt but flawed Hardy adaptation.
Nicely served on both sides of the camera, this is a concise and involving rendition of the story of a resilient young woman who comes into property in Victorian England's West Country and is courted by three suitors, all of whom have pluses and minuses.

@highlight

Far from the Madding Crowd invites tough comparisons to Thomas Hardy's classic novel -- and its previous adaptation -- but stands on its own thanks to strong direction and a talented cast.