Don't be surprised if someone interrupts you in the middle of the film to ask if you understand what's happening on the screen and don't feel bad answering that you do not have the slightest idea. [Full review in Spanish]
As in the minutely observed anatomy of a divorce in The Squid and the Whale, the pleasures and pains of Margot reside in the smallness of scope and queasy focus on delicate family matters.
Who the hell names their son Claude? Do they want him to get beat up every day of his life?
The results aren't bruising, just numbing
Noah Baumbach’s entry into the dysfunctional-family sweepstakes is a successfully depressing affair that has some genuine laughs to maintain interest while the fake relationships that dominate every scene leave the viewer as estranged as the char
The raw, real centerpiece is the relationship between Kidman and Leigh, whose performances drive the film.
No one does bad parent movies better than Noah Baumbach.
a dysfunctional family portrait that, at best, shows how far sisterly bonds can stretch without breaking. At worst, it demonstrates what happens when a writer with nothing to say continues to produce after his supply of bio fuel is exhausted
Noah Baumbach is the king of dysfunction. We constantly see films about war, love, aliens, so why no films about how insanely uncomfortable family can be with one another?
Doesn't quite measure up to its predecessor but it is still an often painfully accurate study of fractured family relationships.
Of course, we get nothing so false as an "emotional journey" for anyone. But as the film abruptly ends, you can't help feeling a little less ice would go a long way.
Dramatically and visually, there's no relief to be had in this self-indulgent downer.
There is such a thing as binge pessimism. It happens when one living disaster area, considered insufficient in a story, is served up with several others, causing audience braincells to swirl, stagger and collide against thalamic lampposts.
Never fully coheres or convinces.
This largely po-faced comedy drama has an annoying, self-congratulatory tone.
Humourless (though supposedly a comedy) and pretentious, almost a parody of the self-indulgent Sundance festival film, right down to the washed-out colours, droning dialogue and the title in big sans-serif capitals.
Some of the dialogue is well-crafted and the performances are generally strong (although Black hams shamelessly at times) but the characters are so loathsome that you long for a hurricane to sweep away this wedding party.
Magnetic, subtly tragic and ultimatley sympathetic, worth a watch if only to remind yourself why you don't go home for Christmas anymore.
With superb acting and great dialogue, this acerbic comic drama has some excellent moments, but it too often feels like being on an enforced holiday with people you'd rather not spend any time with.
A big-name cast including Nicole Kidman, Jack Black and Jennifer Jason Leigh wrestles with a storyline containing industrial-sized quantities of misery and a plot that leaves too many loose ends hanging.
Emotional car-crash cinema at its best, packed with characters you'd hate to meet but who are riveting to watch. Baumbach's barbed cynicism won't be to everyone's taste, but those still suffering the aftermath of a family Christmas will grin in grim recog
Those expecting fresh Squid will be disappointed. With few laughs and much whining, Margot takes the fun out of dysfunctional. It's a damp squib with lots of wail.
Baumbach's interest in families - a distinct Baumbachian sort of family - is acute and his observations often painful and delivered with a dry wit.
A sharply observed but bleak examination of family dysfunction, anchored by solid performances.
Enjoyably spiky family drama with a sharply written script and strong performances from its two leads.
Margot oozes poison from start to finish, challenging you to give a damn.
... after submerging the viewer in a hotbed of emotional insecurity and self-loathing for an hour and a half, it offers no real hope or movement beyond what it started out as.
I really didn't like it at all. Catch it on HBO so you can see it uncensored if you want to see some acting outside a script and director's ability to render it unpalatable.
It's a fine script that is beautifully realised by its top cast, although emotionally it falls short; I never felt anything for Margot.
the one thing missing is a plot - and this time Baumbach's characters and their go-nowhere problems are just not engaging enough to carry us through an hour and a half of grating domestic narcissism.
Noah Baumbach stumbles in his first film since the intriguing The Squid and the Whale. The performances are outlandish and the story is all over the place.
Ms. Kidman, who can liven up a reading of the phone book, doesn't quite bring enough icing for the cake to make her visit, and this film, particularly noteworthy.
A collection of drab snobs being mean to each other for no very good reason except that they're, well, mean-spirited.
In this day and age, its stripped down incisiveness is nearly unfathomable.
After choking on laughs for a period, the question becomes whether Baumbach has anything to deliver beyond his misanthropic floggings.
I was reminded of the rap battles in 8 Mile, only with the characters in Margot taking turns at spitting out insult-laden monologues in an effort to sound the most pretentious.
Artistic self-involvement has seldom been more unappealingly portrayed.
An ensemble cast of Kidman, Leigh, Black and Turturro-who should all know better, got together to compete for the worst family member of a bickering, insufferable clan. But isn't yucky family life what people run to the movies to get away from?
I could never decide whether I hated this movie or the people in it, and wound up splitting the difference.
Like Margot herself, the film is contrived and self-conscious and perhaps not entirely aware of its alienating effect; yet beneath the clever surface squirms something damaged and real.
f you can imagine Woody Allen and Neil LaBute collaborating on a screenplay - and imagine enjoying the resultant film - then Margot might be for you.
... written with enough wit and performed with enough skill that I found it impossible to turn away from the Zellers and their collective emotional train wreck.
The odiousness of [Baumbach's] protagonists ... isn't as problematic a factor as is the redundancy (and occasional mean-spiritedness) of his psychological portraits.
An at-times grueling, dysfunctional family comedy-drama that is not for the emotionally squeamish.
As uncomfortable an experience as the film often is, it's never less than fascinating.
For all its supposed dramatic heft, Margot at the Wedding ultimately proves to be as weighty as cake frosting.
If "Margot at the Wedding" had come to the fore with something interesting to say about corrupt families and sibling rivalry, which is the movie it wants to be, we might have had something here.
A self-indulgent, self-aware, and smug piece of crap and possibly one of the worst of 2007...
Kidman's performance keeps you transfixed all the way through, because she delves into her character's damaged psyche so fully, you're constantly fascinated to see what biting, acidic thing she will say next.
Margot at the Wedding is a good film that's painful to sit through, and Margot is a protagonist who's virtually sympathy-free.
Apart from John Turturro in a cameo, all the characters are monsters and/or basket cases.
It's clear that Margot is a troubled soul in some kind of terrible pain, but the film does little to depict her as anything but a pushy, judgmental, and overly critical human being.
Margot at the Wedding is a Christmas gift for high-class depressives: a compendium of malaise fit for an L.L. Bean catalog.
Busy, overdrawn, and working much too hard to get to its less than impressive point, Margot at the Wedding is entertainment as inference.
Margot is all mood swings and cries for help that everyone can hear except the person making them. It is Squid sapped of empathy and desperate for love.
Baumbach is not interested in weddings or preparations for weddings. He is not interested in much else but throwing his audience into the fire and giving us that dirty, nasty taste of family dysfunction in all its seething glory.
Baumbach creates interesting, psychologically accurate characters, but he doesn't know when to stop.
There isn't a pleasant, wholly likable character in the cast. But you can't avert your eyes from it.
If trauma can be entertaining, then Margot at the Wedding is it.
Nicole Kidman hasn't been in a movie this bleak since "Dogville."
It's a movie in which everyone wants answers without being able to formulate the questions.
Writer-director Noah Baumbach solidifies his standing as the modern bard of American dysfunctional families with Margot at the Wedding, but at the same time he's recycling material he's already covered, and covered more exquisitely.
Margot's carelessness is Kidman's genius here: the actress makes no attempt to ingratiate herself with us, which ends up making Margot thoroughly unlikeable but totally fascinating, in a rubbernecking-a-car-crash-on-the-highway kind of way.
An unhappy, mind-numbing, dysfunctional family diatribe
Synthetically dull, manipulative and emotionally clunky, Baumbach's mawkish melodrama is a pretentious and garrulous character study that sits idly in its moping gibberish.
You know that relative you dread seeing at holiday gatherings? Now imagine they look like Nicole Kidman and you're stuck in the same dark room with her for 90 minutes.
Rarely does a new director make such a rapid descent, going from mesmerizing to excruciating in the span of just two films.
Writer/director Noah Baumbach's follow-up to "Squid and the Whale" is a sophisticated satire that takes hilarious and accurate aim at the not-so-squishy belly of American family life where narcissistic psychosexual games are played out with shameless imme
Do you need to have likeable characters to have a good movie? No, and especially not when the characters embody scary traits that are so familiar but so little explored.
A Dorothy Parker poem come to life.
Have you ever been in a really uncomfortable situation where people were fighting, and then you were glad to get away from it but also kind of fascinated by what you saw? Well, this movie is the equivalent of that.
There are laughs here, and a fair amount of insight. I just wish Baumbach had something new to bring to the table.
The aesthetics of the film are as chaotic as the characters themselves, as if the editor tried to mimic the style of the French New Wave movement without paying attention to the theoretical reasoning behind it.
An endless parade of bickering and bitchiness that isn't at all enjoyable to watch. After suffering through this, I wished someone would have encouraged them to elope.
What keeps the film from treading into sour vindictiveness is how fully the characters are developed.
A bracing family drama that is appealing only in a disturbing way because its characters make hardly any attempt to be appealing... .
A dreary, indeed irritating portrait of people who never seem authentic and certainly aren't emotionally engaging.
Grindingly unpleasant yet undeniably hilarious, the movie might as well be called: Squid 2: This Time It's Mommy's Turn.
[Nicole] Kidman is fascinating to watch but her character is akin to fingernails scraping across a chalkboard.
tries to much to be shockingly strange but quite entertaining though
There are times when Margot at the Wedding is almost impossible to watch. And I think writer/director Noah Baumbach wants it that way.
There's no question Baumbach has a way with words and actors (Kidman, Leigh and Jack Black are terrific).
Although the film's theme holds great potential, 'Margot at the Wedding' falters considerably in its presentation.
These characters don't seem illuminating at all -- just damned annoying and, ultimately, dead boring.
A huge disappointment after Baumbach's sublime "'Squid and the Whale." Ugly, murky, and mean.
Simply put, to spend time with these people is unpleasant and without a payoff (or an emotional release) to reward the audience's efforts.
Margot at the Wedding is Noah Baumbach's best yet.
Brilliantly astringent ... To watch it is to see a filmmaker at the absolute top of his game, even if this particular game probably shouldn't be topped.
There's no reason at all not to hope that Margot gets hit by a truck and left by the side of the road.
You'd have to pay me a lot of money to get me to watch this again.
It's a shame to see such dedicated performers flay their psyches in the service of such fundamentally shallow material.
It's the sort of all-talk, all-neurotic movie that will infuriate some people, but I found the conversations vivid and powerful.
Essentially, it's 90 minutes spent in the company of some excruciatingly unpleasant personalities, and dimly lit ones at that.
No filmmaker keeps the seething anger of severely dysfunctional families as dangerously close to the surface as Noah Baumbach. Particularly while in the process of making a comedy, if that's what his films are.
There is a rawness to the characterization in this lacerating film that pushes family drama right to the edge.
Baumbach's follow-up to The Squid and the Whale contains all of that film's self-involved screw-ups, but this time he provides little reason to bother watching aside from taking in Kidman's rather astounding ability to scramble up a tall oak tree.
The characters are into emotional laceration for fun. They are verbal, articulate, self-absorbed, selfish, egotistical, cold and fascinating. They've never felt an emotion they couldn't laugh at.
Margot at the Wedding is a broader work than Baumbach's last movie, and it's funnier, too, even as you gasp at the misbehavior.
No matter how awful you might think your parents or siblings, Baumbach can write a character that makes them look like angels.
Margot at the Wedding is a story told from a perspective that's as viciously condescending and critical as Margot's own worldview.
proof a movie with too much talking is a good thing when you have great dialogue, characters and actors
Family dysfunction has its own language ... and writer-director Noah Baumbach is proving to be the movie master of just such linguistics.
Baumbach's achievement stings. It also has the sureness of tone and direction of a Chekhov story.
A wry, devastatingly witty look at a family you won't soon forget, no matter how hard you try.
If you sat through Noah Baumbach's "The Squid and the Whale" and felt that the characters were just too cuddly and charming for your tastes, then his latest effort, "Margot At the Wedding," should be right up your alley.
Shooting with a handheld camera that stays just slightly aloof from the uneasy atmosphere, [Noah] Baumbach creates a vivid and nuanced sense of this family's dynamics.
If you enjoy seeing people at their passive-aggressive worst, the verbal sword fights between the sisters will tickle your black heart.
Because the nastiness is all surface, it makes the characters seem unlikable.
The defining metaphor of Margot at the Wedding, Noah Baumbach's dysfunctional-family seriocomedy, is a battle-scarred Volvo with faulty brakes.
Margot at the Wedding is an excellent film that few people will see, and even fewer will like.
It might be impossible to love the characters Baumbach gives us here, but they're always worth watching.
Noah Baumbach knows his way around an honest exploration of family and friendship and Margot serves to reinforce the point.
It just becomes dreary and repetitive.
Everything feels very random, and not in an 'oh, that's the way life goes' collection of events. It's more in an 'I can't think of anything that would happen so I'll just throw something in there' kind of way.
Lacerating and impeccably directed look at the fragile, complex relationship between two sisters.
Baumbach's closely observed tale of dysfunctional family relationships has the microscopic texture of a New Yorker short story and the darting, spontaneous style of a French New Wave movie.
In its sharp characters and unexpected moods, Margot at the Wedding is something like a small gift for audiences.
I've had root canals that were more enjoyable than Margot at the Wedding, Noah Baumbach's hugely pretentious, ugly and annoying follow-up to The Squid and the Whale.
Margot has no sense of balance, or nuance, or even mitigating psychological weight.
[Baumbach] also showcases a singularity of vision that is both laudable and mesmerizing, and even as his characters turn your stomach to knots taking your eyes off of them is pretty much impossible.
A wonderful picture, informed with a powerful sense of honesty and comedy that that's so robust and exhilarating, it could cause whiplash.
When it comes to emotional violence, Margot at the Wedding is hard to beat.
Baumbach has a few particular gifts, including the ability to recognize, re-create, and make realistic -- without necessarily belittling -- the kind of human monsters we all recognize.
a smart and honestly ugly film, with well-toned dialogue and an acute understanding of neurotic compulsion... a minor piece of work
A parade of uninteresting characters cruelly betraying one another without motivation.
It's bad enough that the movie is about uninteresting people's problems. What's worse is that it's about snobs, and Baumbach buys into their snobbery.
Margot At The Wedding counts as a bracing, even disturbing experience. Baumbach doesn't seem to care whether people like his characters; he merely wants them to be seen for who they are, warts and all.
Margot at the Wedding is obviously a movie made by smart and talented people but sometimes you can outsmart yourself.
Along with its genteel rage and sour whimsy, the ultimate grace of Margot at the Wedding is to make its onlookers feel that, no matter how dysfunctional their families are, there are those who have it much worse.
It's too bad Baumbach's movie is already shot, edited, and up there on the screen, because after a few rounds with a red pencil, it could really have been something worth watching.
Noah Baumbach should take a break from moviemaking and go to therapy.
It's the people, not the plot, driving this comedy of appalling manners. And Baumbach, with acute intelligence and annihilating wit, writes people with flaws we can (if we're honest) recognize as our own.
You've been through all of F. Scott Fitzgerald's books/You're very well-read/It's well-known.
The script is a bit over-packed with secrets and revelations, quirks and wrinkles, but it's so vividly played out that we can't take our eyes off the screen.
As the ambivalent title guest in Noah Baumbach's pleasurably painful domestic drama Margot at the Wedding, Nicole Kidman is so unlikable as to be spectacular.
Only an actress of Ms. Kidman's stature, talent and proven magnetism could make her mercurial character bearable and watchable for the full 91 minutes of the film, in which she is in almost every scene.
Unfortunately, Baumbach's follow-up to The Squid and the Whale, the pretentious and talky Margot at the Wedding, is more likely to contract than expand his appeal.
A monster movie filmed from the unstable point of view of the victims. Stalking the countryside, Margot picks them off one-by-one like Godzilla on a snack rampage.
Noah Bambauch makes it easy to dislike his films. Problem is, he also makes it easy for New York's media elite to praise them.
This blast of homecoming claustrophobia is being released for the holidays, when it may prove therapeutic. Bring the family. Or better yet, leave them.
Baumbach has pulled off the rather dubious accomplishment of making an incisive, involving film about a thoroughly detestable group of people.
Noah Baumbach's study of family dysfunction is poignant, disturbing, and more mature than his earlier film on the same theme, The Squid and the Whale.
Though well acted by Nicole Kidman and Jennifer Jason Leigh, this overly fractured tale--more like Scenes from Sisters Rivalry--represents a step down for the gifted writer-director Baumbach after Squid and the Whale, his best work to date.
In paying homage to Eric Rohmer, the master of bourgeois moral dilemmas, Noah Baumbach has in many ways improved on perfection.
Margot is sensually as well as dramatically impoverished.
See the movie if you like emotional car wrecks and people who can't hold their mud.
Virtually no-one is likable, which is fine for those who like movies with snarky dialogue and cynical characters like this one.
The opening scenes of Margot at the Wedding are so sharp and funny and good that it's upsetting to report that the film cannot maintain its momentum, but flails and flounders, before finally giving way to a deluge of histrionics.
Explores with creative and comic energy the difficulties of the sibling bond and the mixed feelings we often have for those who share our history.
Like Malcom's mustache, it's all "meant to be funny," though the effect is more like drowning.
Margot at the Wedding provides ample evidence of just how low Noah Baumbach has sunk.
Baumbach The Writer daringly opens up a massive can of worms in the overall story arcs of this film... but he fails Baumbach the director
...unappealing and flat-out annoying.
Baumbach knows exactly what he's doing, and it works.
A tragically atrocious roadblock in the momentum Baumbach established with his previous movie, neither recapturing any of that magic nor paving any new ground.
A film torpedoed by its own self-indulgence.
I think it's one of the best-written films I've seen this year, and it features what might be the greatest performances to date in the careers of Nicole Kidman and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Noah Baumbach takes on sibling rivalry in this audacious, brilliantly performed dysfunctional tragicomedy.
Margot at the Wedding is a circus of family neuroses and bad behavior that perhaps a therapist could make sense of better than Noah Baumbach can.
These people are so intensely unlikable, and the film so unwilling to help them toward any sort of redemption, that Margot becomes a sour and unrewarding experience.







@highlight

Despite a great cast, the characters in Margot at the Wedding are too unlikable to enthrall viewers.