That's what Cronenberg is up to here; although the film has an overly facile, glossy edge to it, it's the very polish that makes you question the proceedings.
Hopefully [it will] encourage a sobering sense of responsibility and a more truthful perspective on identities (individual and national).
A fascinating exercise in cinematic restraint resulting in a captivating, not to be missed film.
The less you know about this movie before seeing it -- and you really should see it -- the better.
Cronenberg's direction, mirroring the split in Tom, is alternately measured and frighteningly explosive, and, as always, he gives the movie a nasty underlay of sexual perversity.
This peculiarly predictable picture has been calculated, or miscalculated, to set up certain expectations, fulfill them, and then do the same thing again, thereby giving us a chance to see what's coming and, at least in theory, be shocked.
With A History Of Violence, Cronenberg uses the pulp gangster genre - as opposed to, say, sci-fi horror -- to draw us into a dialogue on our relationship as voyeurs to violence, both real and cinematic.
Without conceding any of his iconoclastic vision, Cronenberg has turned a genre film with classic Western overtones into a gripping psychological drama that examines the duality of man and his infatuation with the art of violence.
While it weakens in its final stretch...A History of Violence succeeds enormously thanks to the strength of its direction and performances.
A truly entertaining and engrossing study of violence, family, and our pasts eventually coming back to haunt us...
The violence that enters the characters' perfect domestic existence is permanent, and each act reveals truths about the people who use it and the audience who enjoys it.
Impeccable formal control to match audacity is mandatory, and Cronenberg provides it
The movie begins slowly, methodically, and builds increasingly toward a devastating climax.
It's one of the better dramas of the year so far -- even if at times it feels like an artistic genius is painting by numbers.
The tension builds in a slow boil, then ignites furiously when we're not quite ready for it.
Mr. Mortensen and the sparse, intelligent script hold it together.
The master is back, with this remarkably accessible tale of anger and revenge.
Shows its stuff as both suspenseful, eloquent storytelling, while giving rise to larger cultural questions connected to the entrenched institutionalization of aggression as a major means of problem solving in this country.
A History of Violence develops with the singleness of purpose, and the rigor, of a mathematical demonstration, one that begins with a commonly accepted truth and ends with brains spattered across the floor.
full review in Greek
Cronenberg's masterful, intelligent and gripping meta-thriller leaves us pondering about our enduringly perverse desire for alternative realities, in which surrogate violent alter egos run righteously and preposterously amok.
A remarkably convincing examination of heroism, hero worship, and the seductive allure of villainy.
There's nothing more off-putting than being treated like a guinea pig.
A tantalisingly explosive film about inner conflicts and secrets... a sublime psychological thriller in a western setting.
A strange David Cronenberg movie, and not in the usual audaciously morbid way. A brooding, contemplative picture that's tough, tight and masterfully controlled.
Lo más reciente del canadiense David Cronenberg es un sólido thriller, casi de factura clásica, sobre las ramificaciones de la violencia.
I have no doubt that the humor is intentional, but it serves to undercut the whole thematic conflict.
There are elements in this film that are 100% Cronenberg (the beautiful violence we so rarely see these days, subtle weird humor), but this is not your typical Cronenberg
What Mortensen does brilliantly is to keep us guessing.
See this movie -- I promise it won't be like any other movie you've ever seen, and may well change the way you look at violence in the movies.
Tematicamente ambicioso, demonstra ter segurança suficiente da força de sua narrativa ao permitir que o espectador saia do cinema sem estar completamente certo de como tudo terminou. E esta talvez seja uma de suas maiores virtudes.
It is less an exploration of violence in America and more of a portrayal of a prototypical alpha male.
Never does it deviate from Cronenberg's primal instincts.
... like biting into a sour pickle hidden in the bottom of your ice cream cone... simply fails to deliver what it promises to fulfill another agenda.
Three-fourths of this movie is great, but don't get me started on that ending.
A History of Violence takes nostalgic ideas of the so-called good old days and exposes the truth of human behavior that such rosy views obscure.
I have mixed feelings. Cool, engaging, well acted (William Hurt is brilliant). But could have used a bit more shaving in the editing room and a bit messy on point.
On the surface, this may seem just a violent gangster yarn, but Cronenberg has opened the door to a train of thought that becomes more disturbing the longer you consider it.
a pretty good little thriller, but clocking in at only 95 minutes, it doesn't have enough meat to be a truly satisfying drama.
[David Cronenberg] no doubt wanted to say something profound about the nature of violence, but his approach betrays his intentions.
Strangely absorbing but extreme and implausible.
Some movies are to be consumed and discarded. History of Violence, a drama of disarming power, is not one of those. This is one of the most stirring films of the year.
Olson should have studied a history of screenwriting before attempting to adapt A History of Violence. One of the most aimless, derivative films to ever be overrated.
A grim exploration of [humanity's] futile attempts to repress the urge for violence.
The plot is really very close to being a 1950s Western plot warmed over. This is a film with good and bad elements, but the good elements I have been familiar in films for almost half a century.
A tense, tight and pithy thriller with such superb restraint that almost every detail matters -- and therefore shouldn't be spoiled.
A History of Violence is a fine movie that simply is too intense for many viewers.
Probes our intrinsic attraction to violence with caustic incisiveness.
This is Sin City with a functioning brain
Cronenberg knows this territory well, drawing parallels between sex, violence, and companionship...in this mature, compelling movie.
Violence is a turn-on, Cronenberg seems to be saying, but a turn-on that comes with a destructively high price.
The film, based on a graphic novel, has a crackling sense of visual tension.
It's impossible to recommend a movie that fails at its most basic level, in this case as a thriller.
Will go down in film history as an ambitious failure.
Achieves its mission as pulp storytelling first and as disturbing thought provocation the morning after.
Small-town stereotypes detract from a well-made point by director Cronenberg
I know this film is the critics' darling, but this critic is here to tell you, take a pass.
The movie never regains the momentum that it had from its promising beginning.
If anything, you walk out of the theatre feeling uneasy about the violent thrillers you may have enjoyed in the past.
This subversive, subtle, tantalizing thriller examines what lurks beneath the superficial veneer of identity, making one question whether perception is reality or myth.
Cronenberg and screenwriter Josh Olson succeeded in forcing viewers to reexamine how we look at violence and its consequences.
Cronenberg nous offre une fois de plus une mise en scène qui s'est considérablement assagie[...] on ne peut toutefois réfuter qu'il a encore énormément de suite dans les idées
Cronenberg denounces violence by celebrating it. That in itself is more troubling than anything he portrays with A History of Violence.
Harris and Hurt create characters that are so deliciously malevolent and original that their performances alone make the movie worthwhile.
A model of clean, lean storytelling.
Robustly gripping in its lingering moodiness, A History of Violence is an unsettling meditation that spotlights the subtlety of savagery
Come for the action, but stay for the acting.
A History of Violence is a hollow story from an empty graphic novel. A master -- Canada's David Cronenberg -- has directed it. But all he can do with the material is turn it into a clinic on movie mayhem.
Though this is certainly Cronenberg's most 'mainstream' movie in years, the fact that it's so immediately enjoyable as a terrific thriller does not diminish its less obvious virtues.
Cronenberg isn't engaging in parody or irony. Nor is he nihilistically pandering to our worst impulses: the filmmaking is too measured and too intelligent. He implicitly respects us and our responses, even when those responses are silly or disturbing.
Cronenberg takes Josh Olson's script, based on a graphic novel by John Wagner and Vince Locke and pushes it to the psychological limits.
This is Cronenburg's best and most nuanced movie in quite a few years.
When the atmosphere turns menacing and Tom Stall has to fight for his family, Cronenberg is firing on all cylinders, and the movie crackles with excitement.
Cronenberg's direction is astonishingly good, particularly during two contrasting sex scenes that demonstrate the irreversible power shift in the relationship between Tom and Edie.
If for no other reason, watch Violence to see and hear the nuances of [Mortensen's] performance.
An intriguing, though-provoking and sometimes funny film that is one of the best movies of the fall certainly and perhaps of the year.
Should not only entertain but make your hair stand up.
Director David Cronenberg lends a slightly hyperreal quality to his mesmerizing, provocative film A History of Violence.
This beautifully crafted film has the [Norman] Bates smile, and the subtle irony of a crowbar cleaving a skull.
The film gets much of its strength from first-rate casting.
David Cronenberg's adaptation of the underwritten graphic novel of the same name is a spare, mean movie of shocking violence and wrenching moral dilemmas.
Cronenberg is such an irrefutable master of his craft that he can build tension and intensity from the simplest materials. We are riveted, and riveted with the simplest of filmmaking tools.
Cronenberg's ... not afraid to hold the mirror up to nature -- or to show us just how ugly, and how compelling, staring that reflection in the face can be.
A History of Violence combines the visceral punch of Sam Peckinpah's Straw Dogs with the oppressive uncertainty of any of Alfred Hitchcock's "wrong man" scenarios, while subverting the conventions and expectations of both.
Right from its first, quietly unnerving scene A History of Violence is unmistakably the work of an artist with a purpose.
A History of Violence is not only director David Cronenberg's best film, it's also his most conventional.
This is some of Cronenberg's strongest work since his 1983 adaptation of Stephen King's The Dead Zone.
It has the reticence of a good Western, the shock of black comedy and the naked emotion of fine drama.
[A] vigorously sublime take on guilt and innocence, the damned and the redeemed.
Ce film profond et complexe nous offre l'opportunité d'observer le travail d'un réalisateur au sommet de son art.
A reminder that conventional action filmmakers are as untrustworthy as politicians who won't allow citizens to see the body bags produced by a war.
David Cronenberg's searing drama ... confronts us to ask about the effects of violence on its characters' minds and souls.
It's the director's most fully realized work and a masterstroke of violent cinema.
... Combination of action and intelligence, excitement and contemplation, makes A History of Violence one of the year's best films
...one of the most important cinematic statements on the subject [of violence in America] since Taxi Driver...
... a distillation of all the weird and troubling truths he has ever wanted to tell us.
Violence, as the title indicates, may not be for the squeamish. But it is for those looking for answers to important questions.
Cronenberg's best for a long time, broad and entertaining enough for those unacquainted with the director's work, but layered with the themes of infection and mutation that have defined his work.
The movie is enthralling, with secrets, surprises, turns and twists, all in the service of a psychologically thrilling story.
David Cronenberg's tense, lean drama-thriller is a bold, fresh film that's steeped in what's made his career great -- and is his most accessible movie in decades.
Thought-provoking drama that's content to reveal its puzzle pieces, even though they don't all snap firmly into place.
Fantastically acted and solidly stitched together...
Rivals The Dead Zone as Cronenberg's most satisfying and accessible work to date.
This is an weird, grotesque, funny, and disturbing picture that drips of David Cronenberg's touch all the way through.
With no real heroes, no real lessons and no real resolution, it leaves a lingering sense of 'huh?' But damnit if those exit wounds aren't memorable.
This is a monster movie, just as surely as anything he's ever done, and the monster in this film is our own capacity for violence as well as our innate attraction to it.
The first half of the story -- the one shrouded in doubt -- is much more effective than the second half, which is shrouded in bloodletting.
Violence is a serious, weighty drama that does what Cronenberg does best: It takes a pulpy genre story and treats it with the importance of any epic costume drama.
if you're looking for a director who can tie your stomach in a knot, David Cronenberg is always a safe bet.
It's rare to find a filmmaker who can deliver such a message and keep us riveted every minute of screen time. But Cronenberg manages it, making A History of Violence one of his best, and most realistic, films ever.
In A History of Violence, director David Cronenberg's delirious wow of a movie about violence and sex and the American dream, cinema regains all its original power to shock and surprise.
Lean and packed with meaning, A History of Violence is almost like a biblical parable about honor, family and the horrible behavior humans are capable of.
A film that manages to be gorgeous, scary, sexy and vicious, all at once.
Stripped of Cronenberg cartoonishness, it explosively fires into the heart of his sex-and-violence favorites, as well as reality and perception.
[Cronenberg] brings his fascination with our dark side into the mainstream, helped immeasurably by a remarkably tight ensemble of talented actors.
Cronenberg channels his askew sensibilities into a rapacious drama that jackhammers at its constraints, showing you things you aren't ready to see with shiver-inducing clarity
...a pulpy, brilliant little neo-noir packed with disquieting sociological insights. Sure, it's an action movie -- but it's also an indictment.
Touches on dusky psychological nerves while maintaining an uncharacteristically easy accessibility.
Mr. Cronenberg has imbued his narrative with a style of personal conviction that is found in only the greatest auteurs.
There's not a scene wasted in the 97-minute unspooling, not a detour that doesn't tell, surprise, horrify, delight.
When dealing with themes of identity, this is very much a tragic spin on a superhero story.
A flawed and unimpressive meditation on violence.
The Maturation of David Cronenberg enters Stage II with the crafting something that can easily stand among the best pictures of the year.
With foreboding and tension in almost every shot, Cronenberg's taut thriller doesn't revel in violence, but reflects in ambivalence on its grim consequences.
Appropriately enough, A History of Violence hits like a loud, open-palmed slap on the face.
This may look like a mainstream gig for Cronenberg, but it's his most challenging -- and enjoyable -- work in years.
David Cronenberg's amazingly assured direction is never forced or unclear despite constantly shifting ground and complicated agendas...
This is his most mainstream effort yet, but, he's got those Croneneberg touches of violence. It doesn't glorify the violence, it's not gratuitous, it's sudden, it's shocking.
Cronenberg's caricatured vision of American fascism is hilarious for its spot-on depiction of the anxiety that accompanies it.
This is one film that deserves multiple viewing, and I, for one, will be seeing it again.
Certainly lives up to its name.
The film keeps finding the violent underpinnings of everyday life wherever it looks, from the if-it-bleeds-it-leads news coverage that makes Mortensen a local hero, to the social structure of Holmes' high school.
An outstanding and deeply unsettling exploration of the conflicts all humans have about violence, simultaneously drawn to it frightened by it, revolted by it.
While it doesn't make a whole lot of sense when all is said and done [it]is worth seeing [and] will definitely provide moviegoers with some topics of conversation afterward.
Sometimes you can get into a lot of trouble by being Mr. Nice Guy.
[Cronenberg] investigates his own cinematic propensity for violence and skill at purveying it...sex and violence can be random, can be animal, and certainly can be satisfying. [Blu-ray]
there's much more roiling beneath the surface here than may be apparent on a single viewing.
A riveting, captivating and extremely entertaining paranoid thriller that's sure to go down in history as one of the year's best movies.
the dirty little secret explored in A History of Violence is that we all harbor a killer inside us, a killer we love with all our bloodthirsty little hearts.
It may evoke more admiration than pleasure.
A fine piece of American cinema that delivers a much-needed commentary on the affects of violence on society.
It falls just short of being one of the year's best, but it's still one of the most inventive stories to come around in a long time.
Still, much of this is far too remarkable to dwell on the negative. Cronenberg continues to be a filmmaker willing to push boundaries and ask tough questions others don't just shy away from, they sprint in fear.
It is the more intimate story that engages and transforms what could have been just another empty exercise in graphic-novel style into something both resonate and proactive.
Packed inside David Cronenberg's latest film, which presents itself as gift-wrapped, shoot-'em-up entertainment, is a sobering reflection on our culture's attitude toward violence.
Violence is in the spirit of the hardest-hitting film noir offerings from the '50s, but far more explicit.
Though the story is predictable, Cronenberg's cool touch keeps it from degenerating into tired action-movie clichés.
It is an assured, potent statement from an auteur who isn't afraid to pack deep thoughts into a movie made for a wide audience.
An absolutely sensational piece of filmmaking.
Despite the blood, the film follows Cronenberg's marvelous Spider in finding its true horror in the dark corners of the mind.
Although the movie maintains, and benefits from, the bare bones of a straight-up action story, what emerges onscreen is deeper and more interesting.
Other films this year will have to sweat bullets to match the explosive power and subversive wit of David Cronenberg's A History of Violence.
As the title indicates, this is not a sedate art film. It contains moments of sharp, vicious mayhem and there is a body count. But the strength of the movie lies in its psychological complexity and depth.
A gripping film, cogently written and terrifically acted, that unfolds with emotional gravity and flashes of gallows humor.
The movie is always engaging but not quite convincing.
As a history of Cronenberg, it's a good introductory lecture, detailing his careful composition, mastery of unease and complicated thematic interests. As a Cronenberg film though, it's figuratively bloodless, without any real body to it at all.
A History of Violence is solid entertainment value for the money, but those who think it's saying anything new or profound are kidding themselves.
A lot is going on in David Cronenberg's masterful A History of Violence, and you'll miss it if you blink.
It's a savage film that questions its savagery every step of the way and asks its audience to consider the costs of Dirty Harry diplomacy writ large. It will hit you like a ton of bricks. Don't miss it.
Cronenberg did the extraordinary -- he transformed a genre piece into a work of art.
Cronenberg, like Count Basie on the piano or Hemingway on the page, has mastered the art of economy, paring down his work to its thematic essentials without any loss, and even some gain, in textured complexity.
At the very least it's oddly admirable, at its best it's both passionate and disturbing, two words that come close to describing all of Cronenberg's work.
I defy anyone who sees the opening sequence of A History of Violence not to be drawn into buying a ticket.
The film has a very good cast and it is an interesting story but it does have an odd pace.
The American Dream remains but a hair trigger away from the American Nightmare in director David Cronenberg's brilliant and jarring A History of Violence.
The movie's brilliance resides in its use of cinematic convention to shatter an illusion of social normalcy.
The slippage between myth and realism, or maybe expectation and consummation, is precisely the genius of A History of Violence.
A highly compelling, fully satisfying film.
A History of Violence's pedigree of cast and crew speaks for itself really, but I suppose I need to write on.
...has the fateful air of an accomplished tragedy.
Yet another masterpiece from this master director.
A realistic and disturbing look at how complicated things can become when lives are touched by violence.
David Cronenberg is out of his element in A History of Violence, and it shows.
Eventually does not hold up due to its own ambivalence towards its subject matter.
A story of revenge that keeps Cronenberg on the path of exploration but he eases his audience into it with images of violence we've come to accept as forms of entertainment.
A History of Violence is a great movie ... for an hour.
A masterful symphony of contradiction.
Examines [violence] with thoughtful intelligence, delivering a riveting and insightful narrative which builds in momentum from start to finish
The aftershocks aren't that things will never be the same, but the infinitely more troubling possibility that things may never have been any different.
As an actor, Mortensen carries an aura of hidden depths below false affability that's just right for the character.
A History of Violence is shrewd, penetrating and, yes, entertaining. It's also one of the best films of the year.
A gripping, incendiary, casually subversive piece of work that marries pulp watchability with larger concerns without skipping a beat.
Extremely effective in showing how a small town is affected when violence rears its ugly head
With confidence and authority that should cement his leading-man status, Mortensen ably manipulates the tension of a man who's struggling to escape his past as a professional killer and to protect his family from the consequences of his legacy.
Don't watch any trailers or read any reviews, including mine. You shouldn't have even read this.
A History of Violence feels like an academic exercise for its creator, Cronenberg, rather than an effort to bring cinematic life to a graphic novel.
A masterpiece of indirection and pure visceral thrills, David Cronenberg's latest mindblower is the feel-good, feel-bad movie of the year.
David Cronenberg's elegant direction of Josh Olson's adaptation of John Wagner and Vince Locke's graphic novel almost seems like overkill for this spare and obvious tale.
A History of Violence ranks high on the Cronenberg scale as one of his more disturbing forays into depravity.
Holds a classy A-list sheen and faux attempts at bringing importance to what, in essence, is actually empty-headed and off-puttingly manipulative.
Cronenberg's movie is eerily compelling and darkly humorous. And chilling -- to the bone.
Cronenberg crafts a remarkably interesting thriller, with suspense that is less about what's coming around the corner--often, we know--and more about Tom's slow transformation in the face of terror.
This is not a movie about plot, but about character. It is about how people turn out the way they do, and about whether the world sometimes functions like a fool's paradise.
Makes the medley of genres and moods a rich blend, at once profound and hilarious, serious and absurd--it's a masterful film that's masterful in a strange, deceptive way.
There's a gripping, intense experience buried in History of Violence, but Cronenberg's embarrassing and awkward unfamiliarity with normalcy degrades it.
Both the best action flick and the most affecting character study since Kill Bill.
Its lack of ambition to become something of wider "significance" focuses the enjoyment of its tough good guy satisfactions and shrewd story innovation.
Based on a graphic novel, this material is treated like the one-dimensional juvenilia of ham-fisted comic books.
A fine example of how a moody script and an overzealous director can bring a film down.
It's possible to imagine the film playing as an action crowd-pleaser to a mainstream genre audience that may not be a bit perturbed by (or even aware of) Cronenberg's stealthy unraveling of the threads of this American life.
Elegant, simple, profoundly intelligent filmmaking that gauges the story impeccably.
Psycho-sexual violent thriller by a master who returns to the depth and complexity he showed off in "The Fly" and "Crash." Already one of my top favorites of 2005.
A ruthless lesson about the power of violence, and the ways in which it's passed down from generation to generation: subtly, insidiously, and quite effectively.
Not a major motion picture that will blow everyone away, but a good movie that should entertain most looking for a couple of twists and turns...
Cronenberg's movie manages to have its cake and eat it -- impersonating an action flick in its staccato mayhem while questioning these violent attractions every step of the way.
At nearly every turn the filmmaking weakens the story's sense of purpose rather than bringing to life intriguing themes concerning identity and self-preservation.
It should delight mainstream audiences who prefer their action pictures to have some depth of character, several twists in the plot and a satisfying conclusion.
Coming from Cronenberg, the question arises: Is that all there is?
The best American film of the year, this emotionally compelling anatomy of violence is at once a great American genre film and a personal visonary work


@highlight

A History of Violence raises compelling and thoughtful questions about the nature of violence, while representing a return to form for director David Cronenberg in one of his more uncharacteristic pieces.