Trying to cover Joan Didion the person, the writer and the wife and mother in 95 minutes couldn't be anything but incomplete and broad.
It's a ravishingly beautiful film despite the fact that it often delivers the unvarnished reality.
The center has not held, but Joan Didion is still with us as of this writing. Cheers to that.
How vital is Didion? Harrison Ford shows up to discuss being her carpenter in '70s Malibu, and all you want is to get back to Joan.
Frequently, this splendid documentary about the great American writer resembles a love letter to its subject.
Director Dunne continues in this family tradition here -- he respects Didion enough to let her decide how much she wants to reveal, and Didion trusts Dunne to get it right on the screen.
[Joan Didion] is the center of this great documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
If you're at all interested in Didion's life and work, those flashes are worth watching.
You might almost think, if you've read her books, there isn't anything you don't already know. You'd be wrong.
Repeated viewing tends to suggest some validity to Barbara Harrison's 1980 assessment that Didion's "subject is always herself" and her writing "sounds good" but "doesn't signify."
Deeply affecting doc about great writer has mature themes.
A portrait of essayist Joan Didion and her self-respect.
Playing a close second in making the film (which is about 15 minutes longer than it needs to be) worth watching is the remarkable footage and photographs of Didion at home and at work.
A nephew and his famous aunt take us on an intriguing journey through the remarkable life and work of an iconic American writer.
The Center Will Not Hold is instead a celebration of the thing that existed far before the internet came along: Joan, the person.
The Center Will Not Hold has a brisk, no-frills pace and editing. Almost inadvertently, Griffin Dunne's film reveals Didion as an essentially conservative mind, someone who prized order, tradition, and power structures.
Sometimes touching, glossy, rarely revealing, often infuriating, and precious portrait of the Grande Dame of American essayist/journalists.
Griffin Dunne's exemplary film has made me want to dive into Joan Didion's work; that's the highest compliment I could pay any documentary
In any portrait of an artist, you ideally want to leave with something that feels raw or sacred. By the end of The Center Will Not Hold, one doesn't necessarily feel like they know Didion any better, or that she's loosened her grip on her public image.
... The Center Will Not Hold is well worth watching, both for Didion fans and for those who want an introduction to her work and her writing.
Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold is sometimes beautiful, mostly workmanlike. As a document of the very old recounting her dreams at breakfast, it's a bit of a marvel.
A fond and appreciative portrait of one of American journalism's superstars.
Dunne seems to have an intuition about how far he can push his aunt on any given subject, and a natural protectiveness around her legacy.
I can't shake the feeling that we ought to have been listening to Joan Didion more carefully all along.
Access is almost everything for a documentary filmmaker, and the entree Griffin Dunne had to his celebrated subject makes all the difference in "Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold."
This is an intensive appreciation of perhaps the greatest living American essayist, and one of the best ever. It plays like a finely tuned authorized biography.
Ms. Didion's triumph, as a writer and a human being, has been to take the age for what it is, to pinpoint how she saw it, and to stick it out.
It's an exercise in joviality, unflinching in its love for Joan Didion, and unwilling to be much more.
The result, though loving and celebratory, is closer to an official portrait than an illuminating biography.
A documentary that's incisive and haunting, like Didion's best writing.
Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold will inspire you to seek out her work and question what centers you to the universe.
Some of the things I'd heard here would not leave me alone for days.
While the film proves a less than definitive portrait of its subject, it certainly delivers a plethora of fascinating and amusing moments along the way.
Because of her own questioning presence on screen and also her voice-over when she reads from her own work, Didion seems to be in charge of this movie, and she does not flatter herself.

@highlight

Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold pays tribute to an American literary legend with a richly personal perspective that should thrill devotees while enlightening newcomers.