Only those attracted to Waterworld- or Last Action Hero-level big-budget disasters need bother with this one.
Loud, crude and outlandish, Rollerball is a parody of itself, a frenzy of extreme-sports stunts masquerading as social commentary on violence and the corporate forces that feed off it.
A dire re-working of the provocative 1975 sci-fi satire.
This is a terrible big-budget fiasco with a go nowhere plot and terrible cast.
The French accents go from Canadian to European within a sentence, and that's only from the ones I could pick up. Who knows what other languages were massacred in the process?
This film was long-delayed and much altered in post-production and it shows.
Although Norman Jewison's stolidly grim and ultimately ludicrous 1975 original was hardly a landmark of nightmarish sci-fi, it towers over this.
This remake exists for no clear reason at all. It doesn't even make sense and the action is dull and repetitive.
Rollerball looks like a checklist shaped by a 15-year-old mallrat: thrashing metal track, skateboards, motorbikes, cracked heads and Rebecca Romijn-Stamos with her top off.
Rollerball is rigged to play as a critique of the corporate media's ruthlessly sensational tactics (overseas, that is), but even a junior-high hockey goalie could recognize it as a cheesy product of such sensationalism itself.
It's rare to see a movie fail in every possible area ...
...tries to work in some eye-rolling instances of social commentary, and this is where it fails completely.
An own-goal fest that will have you asleep in your seat by half time.
Pushes the Hollywood action movie to stratospheric new levels of incoherence.
Despite delivering a sexy Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, this 5-mph trainwreck is a badly executed attempt at action that can't even be relied upon to deliver mindless and gratuitous violence.
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey.
The way the action is shown here, it's an incoherent mess.
Such a brain dead, jukebox of a movie, it should've been called Tron for Dummies.
A mix of velocity and idiocy, this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original.
There's nothing surprising about it, but aficionados of speed, quick cuts and high-tech mayhem will love John McTiernan's direction here. Oh, and there are way cool cars too.
A bad movie that could have been a lot better if it had been a little bit worse.
I'm a little unclear as to how [the players] score points, but it has something to do with slamming a golf ball into a waffle-iron.
An insultingly bad movie, and even the flashiest, most distracting sound and visual gimmicks cannot hide this fact.
The original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece!
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema.
Avoid.
They threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans.
Crass and utterly incomprehensible.
Rather than be a Vonnegut story, as the original is, the newest Rollerball is what writers like Vonnegut warn us about.
Esta patetica nueva versión no alcanza a la de 1975. La visión futurista llega a caer en lo kitch y el trasfondo social no termina por cuajar.
If it were any more of a turkey, it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo. If nothing else, "Rollerball" 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
Rollerball is cinematically baffling: blurred colorful images spliced together in a mad collage.
For its 100 minutes running time, you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen.
Habrá que darle a McTiernan el beneficio de la duda y esperar hasta su siguiente película, porque esta debe ser enlatada y no ser exhibida nunca más.
Near the top of the list of Questions I'd Like Answered is why John McTiernan has forsaken us.
How this otherwise talented crew managed to make a film that feels this amateurishly low-budget is anyone's guess.
I'd say Klein was out of his depth, if he had any depth to be out of.
Who's in the mood to play games with Rollerball, an insipid and excitable mindless sports fantasy that rolls over your cinematic senses in incomplete, boisterous fashion?
A lively but preposterous movie that only vaguely glances off the reality of violence.
Bad and baffling from the get-go.
A flat out mess.
You might be appalled by Rollerball (in fact, you probably should be), but you won't be bored.
...without a doubt the single most atrocious and disgraceful major studio release of the new millennium.
Most probably the only people who would get a kick out of a movie of Rollerball's ilk are wrestling fans or those who are able to see it for free.
The new version just makes you feel like you've been watching a lame late-night rerun while stuck in a thunderdome.
It's happy to indulge in exactly the groveling-for-ratings violent antics that it pretends to rebuke.
[T]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film, as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen.
The characters are basically uninteresting, the exotic locale isn't used properly, and we know that the hero's going to make it through and so is his girl, so why bother?
John McTiernan's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga. It's also stupider.
It's almost enough to make Burton's Apes retread seem like a work of artistic ingenuity.
Yup. Yet another remake of one of my childhood faves has been bastardized.
For more fun I would recommend an evening at the bowling alley instead.
Klein is out of his league, on and off the Rollerball court, and his determined efforts to behave like a studly action hero seldom rise above the level of a good try.
...really horrible drek.
Rollerball has all the subtlety of a video game and it's aimed squarely at those who play them.
McTiernan and company do take one more thing from Jewison's original: the game still doesn't make any sense, but now the plot doesn't either.
It's incomprehensible.
Gimme a freaking break.
Loud, silly, stupid and pointless.
The new Rollerball is not so much a remake of Norman Jewison's 1975 socio-political sports thriller but a complete massacre of the idea, which wasn't that good to begin with.
Like a gerbil exercising in a wheel, this movie spins and spins, generating a lot of action and noise, but getting absolutely nowhere.
It's difficult to imagine that a more confused, less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002.
This flick feels like a turd that nobody ever bothered to clean off the floor and just ended up getting stinkier and stinkier and stinkier.
It is that rare combination of bad writing, bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness.
For those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action, Rollerball delivers exactly what it promises: A people's hero you can really get behind.
Jewison's rich and provocative 1975 original has been de-metaphorized, made narrow and pointless, while remaining just as loud and violent.
A limply acted, inane orgy of bloodletting.
They should have called it Gutterball.
Little here is gripping, absorbing or entertaining, particularly due to the rapid fire delivery of footage and edits that prevent the viewer from following or getting into the game action.
A remarkable film: Remarkably empty, remarkably noisy, remarkably pleasureless.
A long, violent, expensive and very stupid movie.
The new film looks as if it were made in 1975, while Jewison's 27-year-old movie seems like up-to-date state-of-the-art.
About as enjoyable, I would imagine, as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces...positively dreadful.
Seems like the video-game version of the original film -- with all the substance and intelligence dropped out.
Problem is, we have no idea what in creation is going on.
A movie of such rank stupidity and appalling taste that it would almost seem impermeable to analysis, much less critique.
With this new Rollerball, sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment.
Its semi-serious story, weighed against its cartoonishly violent game scenes, pull viewers toward conflicting but mutually unfulfilling peak moments.
Successfully creates for the viewer the feeling of being trapped inside a video arcade going at full tilt, a thrilling prospect for 14-year-old boys, no doubt, though it's hard to imagine anyone else enjoying it.
Despite the technical advances of the past quarter century, the game sequences are as goofy as the first go-round.
Not so much a redo of the 1975 sci-fi allegory of the same title as a denial of everything that made that film timely and interesting.
What do you get when you cross an MGM cult film with costumes from a World Wrestling Federation garage sale and an editor with a short attention span?
Laughably, irredeemably awful.
The editing is chaotic, the photography grainy and badly focused, the writing unintentionally hilarious, the direction unfocused, the performances as wooden.
Another reminder that most remakes are accidents waiting to happen.
It had a chance to improve upon the crude and stupid 1975 original, set in a future America. Instead, it's only cruder and stupider.
McTiernan tries to bury the idiocy of his high-tech Gladiator under flashy editing and unexplained rock-star cameos.
An incoherent mess, a jumble of footage in search of plot, meaning, rhythm and sense.
If you're a WWF fan, or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in A.I., you'll probably like Rollerball.
This oddly scrambled new version eventually falls apart so badly you feel embarrassed for the people who made it.
Missing a few key elements: a script, a reason for being and maybe a few Britney Spears ads strategically placed throughout to break up 98 minutes of solid tedium.
This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that, ironically, it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against.
Little more than the skin and bones and ear-flaying soundtrack of a dubiously fleshed-out premise that seemed dated 27 years ago.
20 years later it's still just as confusing and pointless (and now X-tremely boring, too!).
When the trailers for the film tell you... the big, astonishing twist, you end up spending the first 45 minutes of the movie wondering when the damn movie is going to start.
Rollerball is just plain bad.
...a virtually plotless, flash-bang failure...so devoid of substance it almost defies description.
What it might look like if Vince McMahon were to direct "Starlight Express" (with all the stage blood, testosterone, and suck such a union implies).
McTiernan ... offers a mild media critique, then caters to his audience's taste for brutal spectacle -- the very taste the picture purports to condemn -- to carry the picture.
McTiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious.
... a silly, stupid, incoherent mess.
It's dull, spiritless, silly and monotonous: an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem, going nowhere fast.
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud, violent and mindless.
Composed almost entirely of smash cuts and camera gimmickry, it makes most rock videos look like Ingmar Bergman dramas.
Dreadful acting, confusing action cinematography, choppy editing and embarrassing dialogue, with the added bonus of a plot almost as dumb as that of the original film.
By the end, you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich (that would be Reno) gets his comeuppance. Just bring on the Battle Bots, please!
Rollerball IS as bad as you think, and worse than you can imagine.
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone.
Klein, charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election, delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed.
The action makes no sense, the death-metal soundtrack drowns out most of the dialogue and the acting feels half-hearted.
McTiernan and the talent-deprived buffoons who wrote the remake took away the futurism and stripped most of the social satire from this cautionary tale.
I went with it. So, I'm guessing, will a lot of that cherished demographic, 14- to 34-year-old boys.
Disjointed, puerile and ugly-looking to boot...a visual, as well as a narrative, wreck.
The uneven Rollberball still feels like the dopiest, punchiest studio satire since Starship Troopers.
An incomprehensible story, lackluster actors, embarrassing acting, and, get this, no villains!
Say this for the soundtrack, it drowns out the lousy dialogue.


@highlight

Removing the social critique of the original, this updated version of Rollerball is violent, confusing, and choppy. Klein makes for a bland hero.