Boarding school antics and the power of music.
So infused with nostalgia, optimism and authenticity, it will prove irresistible to the older art-house demographic.
Les Choristes isn't quite as forced and syrupy as Mr. Holland's Opus or Music of the Heart, but it's not a classic like To Sir with Love or Goodbye, Mr. Chips either.
The Chorus resonates through the brie.
even the most formulaic films can be rescued when formulas are applied by real talents
Un peu de rose bonbon, ça se prend bien de temps en temps, même dans le monde du cinéma.
Dudo que Los Coristas deje alguna huella en el espectador por demasiado tiempo, pero sin duda saldremos del cine con una sonrisa en los labios (...)
It never aims higher than a sweet sort of middling. And it succeeds.
The way that it embraces convention rather than invention makes Mr. Holland's Opus look like Pulp Fiction.
The story has a lot of unexpected twists and turns.
Somehow with all the heartstrings pulled, I didn't feel anything more than being manipulated.
The pudgy, nondescript Jugnot certainly doesn't look like leading-man material, but he delivers a low-key, carefully modulated performance and droll humor to finesse the movie's melodramatic streak and send us out flicking away a tear.
The Chorus is a fresh permutation on the Dead Poet's Society type theme.
The premise may seem a little hokey, but Barratier's characters are too endearing to be dismissed with cynicism.
This is a movie fraught with clichés, yet also so full of beautiful music and innocent merriness that its more mawkish attributes are overlooked.
A hugely enjoyable film that plays like Le Societe de les Poets Morts meets L'Opus de Monsieur Holland.
Even though all the notes are predictable, the film hits them with wit, warmth and gusto.
The music is lovely, as is the never-rushed pacing. Add to that Jugnot's very low-key lead performance, and you've got a formula to overcome even the film's most problematic moments.
Two Oscar nominations or not, if you've seen one inspirational-teacher melodrama (Goodbye, Mr. Chips, Mr. Holland's Opus), you've seen this one, too.
Everything old feels, if not new again, at least sweet and charming.
It will warm your heart and, perhaps, lure a few present-day wayward souls into the concert hall.
Gerard Jugnot carries this film on his shoulders and sets the tone for those around him.
Unabashedly sentimental and poignant, but so well executed it's hard even for cynics to resist.
It's got a few nice moments that help you to forget how ordinary it is.
There's very little in The Chorus you haven't seen before, but the movie's depth of sentiment -- especially its profound humanism -- makes it worth experiencing again.
The Chorus is a feelgood foreign-language films viewers will tell their friends to see.
A feel-good drama about a frumpy, middle-aged teacher who becomes an unlikely hero to a score of troubled youngsters in post-war France.
...it's sweet but the calories are mostly empty
sweet with its heart appropriately placed on the side of goodness and cute kids, so it's not difficult to see why audiences respond positively
A slender but soundly produced ode in the humanist tradition of French cinema, a sort of Gallic Mr. Holland's Opus played in a darker key.
Lost in the popular conversation regarding how much filmmakers underestimate their audiences is the real troubling truism that respect is earned, not granted.
The movie dips into cinema past for its inspiration, but stays far away from real life.
It comes close, at times, to overt sentimentality, but walks that tightrope with deftness that keeps it from being a teary-eye soap opera.
A sweet though predictable film that breaks no new ground, but will remind choristers young and old why music matters so very much.
The cast is talented enough to keep you interested in the story, even though you know precisely where it is headed.
Ultimately effective on its own unambitious terms, but it's not the freshest thing to come down the pike.
Rises above feelgood status by virtue of its credible acting and outstanding score.
We smile and maybe even weep on cue, but we're still kept at a distance looking in, peering through a pretty window.
It says nothing new about its well-worn theme of teacher as deliverer.
Jugnot is skilled enough as an actor to sell the viewer on Clement's popularity with this students.
Jugnot is earnest and believable in the role of the new teacher -- that lived-in face of his always helps -- and the children in the cast all manage very good performances.
Jugnot has worked his magic on the audience long before Mathieu performs his miracle with the students.
Simple, slight and a bit saccharine, Les Choristes may satisfy a sweet tooth, but anyone wishing to bite deeply into something will be disappointed.
Barratier seems to have culled the stereotypes, situations and sentiments from dozens of similar movies, including the more dramatically satisfying Mr. Holland's Opus.
Thanks to a pitch-perfect performance by Gérard Jugnot as the teacher who brings music to a cacophonous school, the familiarity of The Chorus never breeds contempt -- or boredom. Far from it.
It's one of those tasteful, sweetly sentimental movies that may grate on the more jaded members of the audience, but will likely leave many a moviegoer with a moist eye and a warm glow.
This feels more like a Hollywood wannabe than a French film. Where's the quirkiness, the nuance, the deeper levels?
The crime of The Chorus isn't that it's corny. (I like corny.) It's that its corniness seems programmed.
Sure Chorus may be sentimental cheese, but it comes directly from the heart.
A movie you've seen many times before, but the setting is different, its characters are well drawn and it delivers its uplifting message with succinctness, sincerity and skill.
It's a thoughtful, moving celebration of hope and resilience that doesn't turn sappy or manipulative.
It is treacly, dishonest and stuffed with clichés like a Christmas goose.
There's something about the chorus itself that sucks you into the movie.
The choral numbers, many with lyrics written by Barratier (a classically trained guitarist), are lovely.
We've heard that tune many times before.
Corny it may be, but The Chorus does connect. Like all good popular entertainments, the best of it sings.
Barratier's clever use of irony to frame his story and his characters allows him both to use and to comment upon the underlying formula.
It's basically just another watered-down version of Dead Poets Society and countless other inspirational-teacher films, but its emotional impact is undeniable.
Formulaic and obvious
Fortunately, there are some subjects that touch similar emotions on either side of the Atlantic, perhaps indicating that we aren't that different after all.
This film really isn't about surprising us. It's about hitting all the right notes with grace and warmth. On that level, it's a sweet gem.
A pleasant enough tune. But unlike a great symphony -- or a truly fine film -- it doesn't linger too long in the mind.
Well acted by the kids and adults alike, and directed convincingly but without a trace of artistry by Christophe Barratier, it is cuddly, sentimental and harmless.
Les Choristes simply shouldn't work. The story is beyond banal and the cliches involved go beyond even the most routine these genres almost always offer. And yet I was moved, sometimes deeply...
Mathieu... would get totally rolled by the preadolescent juvenile delinquents... if he weren't the inspirational-teacher character in a Dead Poets Society movie.
Well told and well acted piece which suffers only from its over-used themes.
A good, sweet film with a great script, terrific directing, wonderful acting and an uplifting moral. I say, don't miss it.
There's a lot to enjoy, even as the film quickly surrenders to its sweetest impulses.
In his debut, Barratier proves himself a capable director, one with a gift for handling those most mercurial and unreliable of actors, children.
All the characters are flat-out stereotypes; there isn't a surprising plot twist in sight, and even the singing is nothing to write home about.
Generic and uncomplicated, which doesn't mean it doesn't work. Tears will well up on cue with the precision of the best orchestra.
Besides the whole inspirational thing, music lovers may be impressed by the Bruno Coulais score.
Boys Town meets The Sound of Music.
A lovely, tender, unpretentious film, a small delight.
In the complete absence of distinguishing story features, it is pure craftsmanship.
A conspicuously charming kids' film [but] adults who slobber over The Chorus are kidding themselves if they think it's sophisticated, realistic, or original.
An enchantingly beautiful and moving film.
A deeply conventional story about truculent or orphaned boys and the gentle soul who finds himself by shaping the tots into a chorus.
A subtitled Mr. Holland's Opus ... although you're seen the story a hundred times before, the movie does have its modest charms.
Extremely goodhearted, if not exactly original or exciting.
Les Choristes is a heart-warming French film about a kind and gifted music teacher who makes a difference in the lives of his students in a boy's reformatory.
The charm of the characters and the story wins out in the end, even if it feels like you've seen it before.
Sham art and questionable entertainment, but at the very least it sends you whistling out of the theater.
Desperate to be labeled 'Dickensian'
We cringe honestly, dismayed by such cinematic tunelessness.
The language of music needs no translation, and in Les Choristes, an uplifting film about unsung heroes, a failed music teacher uses singing to reach his unruly students.
Music is one universal language. Pandering is another.
Nicely presented pic about a teacher who really does 'save' his kids.
Once story is safely out of the present-day prologue and into the extended flashback of pic proper, all is well and thoroughly enjoyable.
What 'Mr. Holland's Opus' might have been like had it been genetically crossed with 'The 400 Blows.' A formula piece, and a highly manipulative one, but also hard to resist.
You'll be singing the praises of this charming little French movie.
An appealing lead performance from its leading man and a wonderfully sentimental, if overly familiar, story line are the chief virtues of this French drama.
A well-nigh irresistible film celebrating the redemptive power of music.
An unexceptional if inoffensive movie with some lovely music.
A shrill circus act people love to confuse for foreign correspondence.
Those of us who prefer our cup of drama without a sweetness filter will be loutish enough to give it a pass.
When you're watching a nice story like this, does it matter that real life is rarely this cute?
A French hit that's just as contrived and sentimental as anything made in Hollywood.
Les choristes isn't great cinema, but it is certainly a crowd-pleaser.
I expected a very [standard] feel-good movie, but instead became immersed in something altogether more satisfying [and] rich in detail.









@highlight

While predictable, this low-key heartwarmer manages to be uplifting without overdoing the sentiment.