Who better to sympathize with during the lonely alienation common to adolescence than the equally forlorn existence of a teenage vampire?
Every drop of blood is well-earned, and often well deserved.
Let the Right One In will please horror fans who revel in the gritty, messy aspects of vampire love inside a solid screenplay.
Let the Right One In, perhaps more subtly than its predecessors in the sub-genre, perfectly captures the nature of love as a delicate and dangerous balancing act.
A strange, stunning and surprisingly sweet Swedish film about childhood friendship and first love.
A smart and beautifully realized feature from Sweden.
Alfredson's light touch adds soulful delicacy and a certain ambiguity to the proceedings, making this a horror movie more likely to prompt tears than screams.
Sinister but gorgeous and compelling.
A remarkably moving horror tale, about a pale, bullied twelve-year-old boy (Kåre Hedebrant) and his first love (Lina Leandersson), who happens to be a vampire.
Pre-adolescent angst has rarely been as eerie or unsettlingly honest as it is in director Tomas Alfredson's stylish, psychologically complex tale,
Let the Right One In eschews all the crap that has plagued vampire films for years. This is a dark, serious and twisted film.
One of the best foreign language films of the year
Let the Right One In is a shot in the arm for the anaemic vampire movie genre, a thrilling transfusion of fresh blood.
Swedish vampire tale is much grislier than Twilight.
As singular as any vampire film.
The film is a bevy of contradictions - beauty and horror, young love and violence, innocence and guilt. The fact that it works at all is impressive. The fact that it's a mind-blowing sensory experience is inexplicable.
Let the Right One In is a slow burning film with an engulfing atmosphere that leaves you feeling moved and mesmerised long after the credits have finished.
A remarkable vampire film, as raw and frightening as it is tender and intelligent.
Lovelier than most bloodsucker flicks, but it doesn't quite transcend its well-chewed genre.
Exquisitely crafted.
A masterful blend of macabre storytelling, coming-of-age frankness, some shocking gore, and eerie melding of quiet sounds and incomplete imagery, as well as some subtle gender-line exploration.
That rare breed of modern horror that goes for the throat...
Calling to mind the work of Anne Rice and Stephen King, atmospheric adaptation of Swedish author John Ajvide Lindqvist's bestseller is well directed by his countryman Tomas Alfredson.
Una película fascinante, bellísima en su formulación visual y sonora, y narrada con sorprendente precisión. Más una historia de amor y amistad entre dos seres solitarios que una película de vampiros, definitivamente no recomendable para quienes busquen al
For every moment of bloodshed [and] special effects ... there are subtleties and surprises that transcend this exhausted genre.
Svim horor-fanovima koji ne podnose Sumrak ovaj film %u0107e do%u0107i kao melem na ljutu ranu
Acaba funcionando também como uma contundente alegoria sobre a imprevisibilidade da natureza humana, que traz, em sua imensa diversidade, monstros infinitamente piores do que aqueles com longos caninos.
this is a moody, original take on the vampire film. ... Anyone interested in vampire films or relationship films will enjoy this fantastic picture
If Twilight is the Vampire film for starry-eyed teenage girls, Let the Right One In is the Vampire film for everyone else.
click for full review
Anyone who's ever felt marginalised will find their heart captured by this subtle, touching, highly original take on vampire mythology.
The body count piles up, but it's the way a boy named Oskar is treated that may get your blood boiling.
Excellent storytelling and a handful of very good shots add up to one of the year's best
As layered as its title (lifted from the Morrissey song, Let The Right One Slip In), this is the most original vampire movie since Guillermo del Toro's Cronos, and is likely to hit every top ten films list of the year.
A true original: love story, horror film and social drama. At once brilliant in its parts, and more than the sum of them.
The film is a fresh and memorable mix of grimy realism and gothic fantasy.
Let the Right One In has invention and stamina, a rich arterial flow of fear.
It's a major addition to the vampire genre.
It's everything Twilight wanted to be but wasn't: beautiful to gaze at, achingly romantic, emotionally involving, unexpectedly terrifying.
The fact that it doesn't feel like a vampire flick at all makes it one of the best of its kind.
Kåre Hedebrant as Oskar and Lina Leandersson as Eli both give incredibly sensitive performances.
Let the Right One In manages its own sense of doubleness with uncommon daring: you don't see many love stories that bring together pubescence and vampirism in such an elegant clinch.
Beautifully crafted and expertly acted, Let The Right One In eschews the easy options of excessive gore and cheap laughs to create a haunting, emotionally involving journey into the macabre. It can only become a classic of the genre.
A beautiful, brutal yet understated film.
Powerful performances from the kids at the centre of it all help add to a superb film.
At once a devastating, curiously uplifting inhuman drama and a superbly crafted genre exercise, Let The Right One In can stand toe-to-toe with Spirit Of The Beehive, Pan's Labyrinth or Orphee. See it.
This bruised and brilliant fairy tale is one of the year's true originals.
Let the Right One In, a deliciously macabre story of a tentative romance between a bullied 12-year-old boy and the strange girl who moves in next door, is pure magic.
Let The Right One In is one of the most layered, atmospheric and textured movies of the year.
As cold as a corpse, as warm as love and thick with shady business in between, Alfredson's chiller is moving and nerve-jangling. A vampire movie to nourish the heart, mind and fear glands.
The brilliantly eerie Let the Right One In is the European Angst Zone's answer to Hollywood's Twilight.
As vampire movies go this touches the cloak hem of masterpiece.
He and his team have conjured up, from a remarkable piece of writing, one of the best, most imaginative and resonant vampire stories I've seen.
By turns sweet, shocking and ultimately moving, Let the Right One In is a genuinely stunning, bracingly original film that demands to be seen.
This is bold, haunting filmmaking that pulls us all the way in.
A real hidden gem of a film-if you only see one Swedish, gender-bending teen vampire love story this year, this has got to be it.
Transcending its grim theme, this is an astonishingly beautiful and visually inventive film that explores the cliches of the vampire genre with a deft, everyday approach.
Tomas Alfredson directs this Swedish art house cult alternative to "Twilight"
Yet another example of why Sweden is a filmmaking nation to watch.
A modern genre classic, reinterpreting a familiar story with emotional delicacy and visual force.
It's a cold, still little film with remarkably beautiful images. It's actually strangely touching.
It skillfully combines an art house sensibility with the horror genre and makes the combination absolutely seamless.
Tomas Alfredson's Swedish vampire film / young love horror piece... is grounded in a devoted friendship that bonds two outcasts in a predatory world.
Think Twilight, but directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring twelve-year-olds instead of teens then you'll have a good idea what to expect of this Swedish vampire movie . . .
A sparse Nordic horror that combines the innocent, stilted quality of a childhood crush with the pitiless bloodlust of a vampire fable.
The torments of childhood, in Let the Right One in, are as disturbing in their own way as anything that the supernatural has to offer.
a stunningly poetic work that will appeal not just to the niche market of horror fans, but to any viewer discerning enough to appreciate the beauty of melancholy, the pain of growing up, and the irresistibility of violence.
The perfect amalgam of classic horror archetypes and coming of age stories.
A chilling coming-of-age story in which a miserable adolescent strikes up a friendship with a vampire girl who appears to be own his age but has, she says, been 12 "for a very long time."
Almost ethereal, subtle, nuanced and the calmest vampire movie you're ever likely to see
How vampire movies have changed, babe. A bewitching film about the relationship between two twelve year olds, when one is a vampire, this delicate Swedish offering explodes with understatement, unfathomable longing coupled with bloody murder
Vampire films are often shallow, sensational and obvious, which is why they can be an acquired taste. But for those who favor them or don't, this is the right one to let in.
The director approaches this potentially sensationalistic material the way a cat creeps up on a live meal: with quiet patience and cunning.
Vast amounts of empty space take up the formalistic widescreen compositions ... Then there are the sounds: a heartbeat, sniffling, breathing. All these things bring the audience closer to the characters and help make our experience theirs.
The film is done with style. Mostly through images.
An American remake seems inevitable, but it will be hard to re-create the haunting spell cast by this wonderfully strange film about being young and going steady with a monster.
Like a horror romance Kieslowski might have made, as it explores both a tender, tentative relationship -- a connection in an otherwise dark world -- and relative morality.
...the anti-Twilight of 2008.
,,,could even be read as a kind of grim metaphor for marriage in that it explores the thanklessness of constancy and the long-distance loneliness of the impenetrable soul.
The best vampire movie of 2008 -- heck, the best vampire movie of the last 20 years -- is Let the Right One In.
Forget... Twilight... this story far more likely illustrates what would happen when a seemingly under-aged vampire moves in next door (hint: no one's going to the prom).
The best vampire movie of the year.
LET THE RIGHT ONE IN is not a piece of throwaway fluff. It is a dark film of pain, most not of a supernatural origin.
A haunting, suspenseful coming-of-age tale, giving a tender, unique twist to the bloodsucking genre that dates back to the classic 1922 'Nosferatu.'
What a relief -- and what a delight -- it is to be able to praise a horror film without a string of qualifiers and excuses!
...effectively dark-minded Swedish chiller.
How can a movie be so tender, poignant, horrific, and gory all at once?
"Let the Right One In" is a much scarier vampire movie than the megahit "Twilight," but that's no great shakes. Would you believe, though, that it's also a much better love story?
The best fantasy stories excel because they give new perspective to real-life issues through the lens of the supernatural, and the Swedish film uses vampirism to tackle adolescence in all its glorious agony.
A bloody good offbeat relationship vampire film.
Both sweet and unsettling.
As Oskar and Eli grow closer, in scenes with a tender intimacy, the violence also turns more personal.
A Swedish import that uses its frozen environment to great advantage.
The casting of the youngsters is nearly perfect.
Let the Right One In can safely be called a classic, even before its name is pulled from the theater marquee.
A tale that proves there's life in the undead yet, when they fall into the hands of imaginative storytellers.
John Ajvide Lindqvist's script (from his novel) nails adolescent pain perfectly and is realized by Tomas Alfredson's expert direction.
A really nice little movie.
This is a really good movie.
LET THE RIGHT ONE IN is a welcome addition to the horror genre. One that I think will get better with age, like a fine wine.
Let the Right One In is so fresh and original that it makes what's currently available in horror seem stale and formulaic.
You've never seen a vampire movie like this before -- that I can promise you. There hasn't been one like this before.
It misses classic status because the script isn't as good as Alfredson's direction.
[Director Tomas] Alfredson's style is as elegant and laconic as Twilight is amateurish and campy.
It is certainly one of the most accomplished and intriguing vampire films released in quite some time.
With its bursts of horrific violence and stark, matter of fact mannerism, Let the Right One In instantly becomes one of the few outright foreign fright film classics.
Let the Right One In is one of the essential horror films of the decade. It's also one of the most enthralling romances and one of the best films about children.
An awfully wonderful vampire story, thanks largely to pushing itself so far beyond the limits that "vampire story" usually implies.
I'm not a big fan of scary movies like I once was, but I was mesmerized by the entire film (when I didn't have my head covered).
The deliberate pace sets us up for some horrific moments, accompanied by terrific special effects.
A moodily effective thriller that shows that there's life in the undead yet.
A spooky Swedish thriller that manages to break the rules of the genre while holding on to many of the rituals that remain dear to the hearts of vampire fans.
Funny, fear-inducing, with periods of voyeuristic gore and an undercurrent of anxiety and dread, Let the Right One In is up there with the bloodsucking classics.
Let the Right One In could be described as a vampire horror romance, but that seems like too easy a label for this beautiful, unnerving little movie.
Like the best vampire sagas, the film is rife with aching melancholy and existential crises. Its haunting beauty isn't marred, but complemented by strong, disquieting images.
The beauty of Let the Right One In resides in the way the horror remains grounded in a tragic kind of love.
Let the Right One In could be summarized as a vampire tween romance, but that cheap and tawdry sum-up does zero justice to the magnificent emotional resonance of this gemlike bloodstone of a film.
The Scandinavian moodiness of the first half gives way to a series of jolting set pieces in the second.
Remove the vampire elements, and this is the story of two lonely and desperate kids capable of performing dark deeds without apparent emotion.
As Oskar and Eli gaze into the seeming mirrors of one another's faces, their mouths smeared with the victim's blood, their eyes soften and they look, at last, close, their fates entwined in ways they can't anticipate.
A beautiful, heartbreaking horror film that transcends its genre to become one of the most memorable and powerful movies of the year.
Bloody and beautiful in equal measure, this is a horror film that is so good that I almost don't want to describe it as such for fear of putting off some viewers who wouldn't dream of spending good money to see such a thing.
Tomas Alfredson's Swedish vampire film is a young love horror piece full of chilly moods and twisted allegiances...
I'm so sick of Swedish vampire movies, aren't you? ... If you can stomach just one more, however, "Let the Right One In" is the Swedish vampire movie to see. The film is terrific.
Its portrayal of the relationship between two improbably alike pre-teens is more believable than what we see in many 'realistic' dramas.
There's a commendable amount of originality in Lindqvist's story and even in Alfredson's elegant vision of it...[but] you get the feeling the book supplied a lot of details that didn't make it into the screenplay.
Let the Right One In is not your typical boy meets vampire, boy falls in love with vampire saga.
Let the Right One In strikes a surprising array of notes: scary, sad and hopeful.
A spectacularly moving and elegant movie, and to dismiss it into genre-hood, to mentally stuff it into the horror pigeonhole, is to overlook a remarkable film.
It's a sweetly queasy film that suggests the spirit that sustains us, the demons we hide from the world, and the monsters that prey upon us in the dark might all be variations on the same beast.
What finally emerges is a tender, moving relationship between two confused, lost young people.
Sweet within its own bloodthirsty idiom, the film inhabits a twilight world in which love doesn't merely conquer all; it'll rip your damn head off if you get in its way.
Not the be-all-end-all groundbreaker some are labeling it as, but it does put a new, sweet spin on a subgenre long in need of some freshening up.
A limited how-to on efficiently cracking necks after biting and draining them. But whether this frosty Nordic couch potato vampire gore is your cup of bodily fluid, will depend on your preference for bloodsucker cinema as a dish best served cold.
The exceptional Swedish vampire film Let the Right One In warms your heart as it chills your blood, and that's the most disturbing thing about it.
A terrific Halloween surprise.
Sometimes one has to be reminded that there are other ways to tell a horror tale than the ones insultingly force-fed to us by Hollywood for audiences with short attention spans.
A wicked trick, a cinematic treat, this is some Halloween offering.
A horror film unlike any other.
[Melds] genres with a haunting poignancy that's mildly undercut by a script that, during its last act, bounces around like a jeep on a dirt road.
Brings the pain in genre fashion. But it's also a kind of Scandinavian gothic -- a love story between 12-year-olds, one of whom has been 12 for a very long time.
...a thoroughly original and consistently engaging piece of work...
Just when you think you've seen pretty much everything that can be done with that exhausted horror genre, the vampire picture, somebody comes along with a new twist.
One of the greatest vampire films ever made ...
The film plays like a lullaby by the Brothers Grimm.
A gorgeous vampire love story from Sweden...seriously
An imaginative, sympathetic spin on a classic horror theme.
I don't care how cold it is in Sweden, I'm not Ok with twelve-year-olds who don't wipe their noses. That being said, I just saw something completely unique and surprising. Who knew the vampire genre wasn't over and done with?
Next month's Twilight may get more attention, but Tomas Alfredson's understated vampire tale is one you won't want to overlook.
A smart and welcome vampire film. And although it provides the usual horrors, its most frightening one may be the stark loneliness of a child.
Hoyte Van Hoytema's bleak and spooky camerawork is perfectly suited to this intelligent horror film. Happy Halloween!
With HBO's eccentric True Blood series and Twilight galvanizing vampiric bloodlust, Let the Right One In might not be invited to the party, but it belongs in the hall of fame.
The film works best when allowing us to intuit that going steady with a vampire, though it raises a few moral issues, still gives Oskar his Best Winter Ever.
While [director] Alfredson takes a darkly amused attitude toward the little world he has fashioned with such care, he also takes the morbid unhappiness of his young characters seriously.
It quietly pushes the envelope of what stories like this are supposed to be: a feat more shocking than a thousand Hollywood boogeymen.
Requires more patience than most contemporary horror films but the payoff is significantly greater.
Right One is a marvel: an ingenious genre film that manages to terrify and endear in the same instant, deftly erecting one of the most persuasive, haunting film experiences of the year.
A vampire movie like no other.
If random arty blood thrills are your cup of fear, perhaps you'll enjoy Let the Right One In, a Swedish head-scratcher that has a few creepy images but very little holding them together.
A most original meal of magical horror and gothic fiction. I can't remember the last time I wanted a film to be longer.
Just when you thought every ounce of metaphor and meaning had been wrung from the vampire movie, along comes Tomas Alfredson's chilly, claustrophobic tale to infuse fresh blood into the genre.
Tomas Alfredson somehow takes a wild premise -- a ravenous 12-year-old bloodsucker who strikes up a romance with a bullied young boy in small-town Sweden -- and executes it with restraint and style.
A more thoughtful approach to such a knotty set of concerns would have been welcome.
Novelist/screenwriter John Ajvide Lindqvist's script is a study in connecting the inner lives of emotionally bound characters to a suspenseful vampire plot in a cold foreign setting.
Let the Right One In is certainly well-made and miles more thoughtful than you might expect a teenage vampire film to be.
...not only delivers gorgeous wintry panoramas, but also the requisite metaphors -- in this case, vampirism as both adolescent power fantasy and terminal-disease medicament.
Made in Sweden, this oddball teen love fable plays out like Twilight meets My Bodyguard as directed by Ingmar Bergman.
A bloodsucker story that's rich with originality and feeling, this Swedish import is a terrific love story and vampire tome that not only rewards the genre's fans but rekindles interest in its virtually exhausted foundations.
Alfredson has helmed a classic-in-the-making, with a final set piece that uses visuals in a fresh, inventive, and startling combination that will be talked about for years to come.
It is frequently not what you see but what you hear which holds the horror.
Please be sure to keep an eyeball out for this one, horror fans. Let the Right One In is very smart, very sweet, very sick, and very special indeed.
While the film's ending is, quite literally, overkill, this poetic and unexpectedly tender film is mesmerizing from start to finish. Lets hope they don't screw up the inevitable American remake too badly...
Let the Right One In wasn't my favorite movie at Tribeca 2008, but it's definitely the one that's stuck with me
Quiet, touching and poetic are not normally terms associated with vampire films, but there are no better words to describe Lat den rätte komma in (Let the Right One in) from director Tomas Alfredson.
Stick your neck out for this Swedish horror show.
One of the greatest vampire movies ever made.
It is a rare film that comes across as instant horror classic, multilevel preteen wish-fulfillment fantasy and Euro-arty critical darling all at once.
Already scheduled for an English-language remake, Let the Right One In is perfectly all right as it is in Swedish.
A quietly beautiful, fiendishly gripping Swedish import which is likely to stay with you longer than your average teen romance novel.
Beautifully shot, lit and framed, featuring completely believable performances from its two young leads.
Young Kare Hedebrant as Oskar and Lina Leandersson as Eli do a fantastic job in the lead roles.
Carves out a unique niche in the vampire genre.
Let the Right One In is a chiller in more ways than one.

@highlight

Let the Right One In reinvigorates the seemingly tired vampire genre by effectively mixing scares with intelligent storytelling.