(T)his may be one of those achievements in human endurance that doesn't elicit cheers, but sneers. It's just too picture perfected to be powerful.
A vanity project...[but also] a sincere love letter to sailing, as seen through the eyes of a handful of very lucky youngsters. [Blu-ray]
Any time...personal history is touched upon, it is quickly shoved under the carpet in favor of yet another sailing montage, complete with compulsory sunset.
Morning Light fails as film or TV. It's essentially a vanity project for sailing enthusiast Roy E. Disney.
This flat, uninspired sailing documentary from the Walt Disney studios has surprisingly little to say.
All good intentions aside, Morning Light is nothing more than a glorified television documentary.
The film may interest sailing enthusiasts. For the rest of us, Morning Light is a yawn.
It's just so Disney. It could make you very cross.
Morning Light is a sunny, saltwater-splashed tale of inspiration.
The documentary is enjoyable, though it could have been edited more tightly.
For those who love sailing, Morning Light will confirm their passion and please them right down to their Top-Sider encased toes. For the rest of us, this sailors' tale just smacks of naval gazing.
If you don't speak the jargon of sailing and racing, most of the conversations between teammates mean very little. Impenetrable editing reduces the action to a meaningless blur.
It's extremely good at communicating the joy of sailing, of putting its finger on the unique aesthetic appeal it offers its addicts and of making us believe that it is a precious gift that will enhance the future of these young people.
The camera can only film the on-deck action from so many angles before it gets repetitive. The musical score is pabulum. Race technology and tactics are barely explored, and you never get a sense of the larger field of competitors.
The aristo-brats are required to jump into a swimming pool and tread water for five minutes with their shoes on. Horrible! Still, one of them nearly drowns, proving that he shouldn't be allowed near a body of water larger than a bottle of Poland Spring.
These eager young amateurs have the kind of passion nobody could fake.
If the makers were hoping they'd chronicled a metaphor for life's struggle, they probably weren't counting on the struggle being monotony.
A beautifully photographed documentary about a group of freshly scrubbed youngsters coming together for a grueling sailing competition.
We get little explanation in the way of tactics or technique, and the filmmakers have compressed time into a bunch of cuts and platitudes about how the race will change the competitors' lives.
Mostly the film is more appealing for its scenery, which is as breathtakingly blue as you'd expect, than for its drama.
It has a lot of postcard-pretty pictures of glorious sunsets and fresh-faced kids. But for a movie about a lot of hard work, it is rather laid back.
Morning Light is a sweepingly beautiful documentary unmoored by democratic intentions.
An OK sports doc that owes as much to reality TV competitions as it does to the genre of nautical cinema.
Morning Light has populist ambitions, which may frustrate fans of art house documentaries.
An old-fashioned doc about a sailboat race is well produced but lacks urgency and true insight.
It fails to let us live vicariously through these sailors and actually join them on their trip. And it fails because it's a reality show.
Morning Light strenuously ignores the obvious emotional and physical toll, playing up the gosh-darn fun factor until the participants feel like cogs in the film's inspiration machine.
As relaxing as it may be to watch the Morning Light floating idly at sea with glorious sunsets setting behind it, it doesn't make for a particularly entertaining movie and it's certainly not something that will inspire anyone to get into sailing as a spor
The film feels more like the ultimate scrapbook for the participants than the vicarious thrill the pair no doubt imagined for audiences.
For those of us attuned to the punched-up presentation of The Amazing Race and Survivor, built week by week to maximize human drama and suspense, Morning Light is just reality lite.




@highlight

Breathtaking scenery aside, Morning Light is geared more for the sailing enthusiasts than for the average viewers.