This beautiful film, anchored by non-professional actors inside of a wrecked world, is one of the most wrenchingly wonderful fantasies of 2012.
Amongst the giants this year, this film by first-time director Benh Zeitlin can be overlooked. But without it, true fantasy is lost.
Beasts of the Southern Wild trades in quasi-folkloric whimsy, fantastical contraptions, and a very slick and deliberate sort of visual roughness.
The film aims for something timeless and achieves it.
It will not only stir your soul, but also open your mind to the possibility of a real-life Promised Land.
In all that profusion there are some few films where the watery element so predominates as to create a kind of pool for the mind: Jean Vigo's L'Atalante was one such, Beasts of the Southern Wild is another.
Beasts of the Southern Wild, a deliciously dreamy tale about a fictional Bayou community in the backwaters of Louisiana, does not so much jump off the screen as float effortlessly off it.
It's an amazing vision. A work of art.
Hushpuppy, a six-year-old with no superpowers, no great destiny, not even much by way of contact with the outside world, is a more active female protagonist than 99% of [Hollywood heroines].
In a time when the cynicism of the real world often mandates the tone of our films, here is one that acknowledges it all with unwavering joy.
It plays like Days of Heaven by way of The Road Warrior.
As Wink, Hushpuppy's father, Dwight Henry is one of the greatest finds in Hollywood in years. Henry shows a depth and range that made actors like Denzel Washington so great.
What is also extraordinary is that almost all the people we see are actors. So this is not a documentary but a moving enactment by people who are themselves moved.
A cute, but meandering story of growing up alone and having to fend for oneself even when there's help to be received.
One of the ten best films of 2012.
A strangely different and slightly magical film.
Prepare to be moved and inspired by this unique masterpiece.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is the reason we go to movies.
Yearns to find eternal truths under impossible circumstances, and succeeds with flying colors by my watch.
In his willingness to ignore convention, Zeitlin does reveal a confidence that few first-time directors display. He's made a film that's the antithesis of Hollywood's summer mind-set.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is sheer poetry on screen: an explosion of joy in the midst of startling squalor and one of the most visceral, original films to come along in a while.
For all its curiosities and loose ends, Beasts of the Southern Wild casts a formidable spell.
A startling debut feature - this year's "Winter's Bone," but a film all the more magical because we sense that even Zeitlin, as sharp as his eye undoubtably is, will never be able to duplicate it.
Without TREMÉ, BEASTS would not have worked for me, and compared to TREMÉ, BEASTS is little more than a slight, forgettable diversion.
Really the lifestyle of these people takes center stage. It's hard not to appreciate their joie de vivre, or the believable performances these non-actors give. They're both "beasts"!
The film with the biggest heart of 2012.
I doubt anyone is going to watch Beasts of the Southern Wild and understand it immediately... But it's still a fascinating movie.
This movie has to be seen to be believed, and to be believed, it simply has to be seen.
Fully formed and beautiful whether you like it or not.
When you live in the city and you buy your meat wrapped in cellophane, it's a pleasant fantasy to believe that people who sleep in the dirt and gut their dinners are possessed of a spiritual richness that you've always felt you're somehow lacking.
The strangest, sweetest coming-of-age flick you'll see all year.
"Beasts of the Southern Wild" is one of the worst films to come out of 2012.
It's a human drama which stays with you for quite some time afterwards.
Beasts is an extraordinary, deeply moving film that's one of the best of 2012. When the end credits roll - just like Hushpuppy - you'll feel like the king of the Bathtub.
When can we watch it again?
Depicting a person's connection to the land he lives in is not easy to do, but this film does it better than any other film I can remember.
A wondrously weird slice of Cajun magic realism... Beasts of the Southern Wild explodes with energy and colour. The Cajun rock score soars. And the film's young lead is astonishing.
Variously poetic, mysterious and opaque, a bit like the work of the African director Souleymane Cissé but without the depth.
There's poetry, tough love and, above all, a fierce stoicism on the bayou in Benh Zeitlin's strikingly beautiful and haunting debut.
Original and aesthetically unique, Beasts Of The Southern Wild is almost impossible to categorise.
A startlingly original indie production that will stay with you for years, a film so intense you can almost feel the heat of the swamp in which it was filmed.
Lushly imaginative filmmaking and strong performances more than make up for newcomer Benh Zeitlin's indulgent flourishes as a new writer-director.
It's too sentimental about the unsentimental.
It doesn't ultimately make any sense at all and, for me, its charm wasn't enough to sustain the whole ramshackle structure.
As well as being dramatically and visually engaging, the film conjures a living ecosystem that pulses, grips and ultimately enchants.
An idiosyncratic salute to an indomitable human spirit.
It's absolutely dreadful, but will appeal to the prejudices of anyone who found Terrence Malick's The Tree Of Life a timeless masterpiece or David Gordon Green's bore-athon George Washington life-affirming.
Like a series of dippy postcards sent by an enraptured child from a disaster zone.
Benh Zeitlin's debut feature is part film, part hallucination: a ripe and gamey piece of what you might call Apocalyptic Southern Gothic, ambitious and flawed but sprinting with energy.
Few American debuts in recent years have announced a talent as singular as that of Behn Zeitlin, the blazingly gifted director and co-writer of Beasts of the Southern Wild.
This is a film that weaves its fascinating magic and leaves all other questions for another time.
A dreamy but strikingly immediate and frayed-at-the-edges, child's-eye view of life on the margins of America.
A film like nothing else you'll see this year - but it's also an eccentric, hyperbolic, soulful mess.
Beautiful, funny, timely and tender, this is the American arthouse movie of the year.
Enormous levels of conceit betray marvellous performances and evocative cinematography, but Beasts of the Southern Wild just about does the job.
An ambitious love letter to a Louisiana way of life that's being literally washed away.
...Beasts is set in a world bordering on the fantastical: this is a film of unbridled imagination.
This is a film that manages that rare bridge between end-of-days epic and intimate humanist storytelling - fantastical but still just rooted enough to be depressingly plausible.
You'll admire the powerful music and the stunning cinematography but it's the emotion of the film's final scenes that will make the biggest impact.
A wonderful debut feature directed by Benh Zeitlin.
An extraordinary film of raw, subtle power that blends jagged reality with elements of myth and moments of magic... easily qualifies as one of the most remarkable and unexpected films of the year.
Well, despite the camera work, I'm giving it three and a half.
To put this film in the category of mere narrative is to do it a disservice, it's a wonderful mix of social realism, magic realism and at the heart of it is an extraordinary performance from young Quvenzhane Wallis.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is raucous and deliberately affecting - the talent lies in making that transformation appear offhand and improvised, as if it's unfolding on the spot.
Filmed with an amateur cast and staged with astonishing imagination and emotion, this is undoubtedly one of the great movie happenings of the year.
Beasts Of The Southern Wild is an unforgettable film, filled with piercing ideas and images, even if it doesn't always have control of them.
A visually sumptuous, thematically astute, heartwarming triumph.
A remarkable cinematic experience that is both profound and immensely moving.
Wild is ... a visual tone poem. To try to impose any orthodox sensibility, much less political correctness, on the film is close to blasphemy ... something more than the ordinary miracle that is your average well-realized movie.
Allegorical, wild and sometimes unfathomable ... a perfect festival film in that it experiments with cinema in its exploration of man's universe - from a rather doomed point of view
A piercing arrow to the heart as he makes his poetic statement about the plight of the changing world and the integral meshing of all the pieces of the universe which need to fit t
"Beasts of the Southern Wild" is an odd, poetic and singular vision.
Post-Katrina wreckage as libertarian playground
By the time a herd of Godzilla-sized hogs - the Aurochs - arrive on the scene, it might as well be a Cajun-styled Cloverfield.
Full of images that weave, fade, and flicker among each other, it's visually one of the most beautiful of the year, holding you in the palm of its tiny child-sized hand, floating through the chaos.
If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I never would have thought it possible to make a fairy tale out of Hurricane Katrina, but that's exactly what first-time director Benh Zeitlin has done in Beasts of the Southern Wild.
A lot of interesting ideas that were never successfully brought together in a cohesive whole.
The best I can do is to say that it's interesting and I respect the attempt.
Zeitlin's poetic fantasy never wavers from the child's rationalisation of the coming catastrophe and its aftermath, or her niggling belief that deep down, she might just be responsible.
The distinction between the sacred and the humble is irrelevant: Fried alligator functions as a sort of Eucharistic sacrament, and a boat contrived from the back end of a pickup truck becomes a Viking funeral barge.
If you see it, you'll never forget it.
Director Behn Zeitlin and co-writer Lucy Alibar crafted a small miracle here, a delicate mix of hardscrabble fact and childish fantasy, tapping the poetry of ignorance from the perspective of a child.
This kind of [shaky] camerawork smacks of outright laziness, and there isn't a single scene where it doesn't distract from the many lovely things the film gets right.
The film might be a bit too harsh for small children. That's a shame, since, like Whale Rider, it offers some valuable life lessons for kids, ones far more heady than the usual "Be yourself" mantra repeated ad nauseam in countless animated features.
"Beasts of the Southern Wild" develops characters the likes of which film rarely sees, features strong performances, has an impressive score, and a pretty powerful message. Unfortunately it comes off a little too artistic for it's own good.
A beautiful, strange tone poem about childhood and innocence.
Magic and realism meet in this transporting, immersive tale set in the wilds of south Louisiana.
The atmosphere Zeitlin develops here is moist with promise and danger, and he moves back and forth between outright fable and pungent reality with an astounding sureness of vision for a first-time director.
When Zeitlin zeroes in on the father and daughter, Beasts of the Southern Wild sucks us in and makes us care.
"Beasts of the Southern Wild" is a film to get lost in.
A daring, lyrical and challenging piece of folk art that defies easy explanation.
As neo-realism dissolves into magic, "Beasts" becomes a work very much of our time, a cry for the handmade in our chilly digital era.
All of the unique elements here never add up to a cohesive or satisfying whole.
[Quvenzhané Wallis] gives a terrific performance. She's not merely natural, like many good child actors; she inhabits this indomitable girl, who's innocent and philosophic and primal by turns.
Trying to describe Beasts of the Southern Wild seems fruitless, like trying to describe the quality of moonlight -- suffice it to say that it's lovely to behold and somehow magical.
Where so many emerged feeling a kind of euphoria, I left discouraged. The music that those closing moments demand [should be] troubling and tragic, not a triumphant anthem.
Thrilling and transfixing, it's an evocative, contemporary allegory.
One of the best performances by a child actor, in a movie that feels wonderfully created by that child.
"Beasts of the Southern Wild" is as unique as it is uneven, as unforgettable as it is uncomfortable, and it trembles with the energy, bravura and passion of director Zeitlin, his cast and his crew like some rough animal.
Beasts is film as natural mystery museum.
Hushpuppy exists fully in whatever moment she happens to find herself in. It's a jaw-droppingly good performance from this pint-sized, first-time actor.
To appreciate Beasts one must relax their expectations, allowing the feature's sputtery sense of momentum to generate a feeling of detachment and parental love.
Zeitlin's grainy, hypnotic feature film debut offers a child's fantastical perception of life at nature's edge.
With no recognizable faces to distract us, we end up completely immersed in this gritty but beautiful and fantastical world. An impressive debut all around. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
It's a stunning movie, filled with unusual images and completely engaging characters, chief among them the child actress Quvenzhane Wallis, who plays Hushpuppy.
Beasts of the Southern Wild marks one of the most auspicious American directorial debuts in years.
The acting is brilliant and the story is truly original (though I think some of the fantasy elements don't quite gel in the end), but the shaky cam technique needs to be put out of its misery.
"Beasts of the Southern Wild" brings you into a world you didn't know existed with a closeness that the movies almost never achieve.
"Beasts of the Southern Wild" stays with you long after you've watched it, like a vaguely troubling but beautiful dream.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is like outsider art: patched together with found materials, conjured up by untrained artists (the actors), and evocative of a truly American attitude of eccentricity, boldness, transcendence.
It hews to no aesthetic or political party line. It is simply life, seen through the kaleidoscope eyes of a brave, imaginative child.
It's unlike any film you've seen.
Wallis gives one of the all-time great child performances.
It's as if you're looking out at new land you've never seen before, or an old one you haven't really paid attention to.
The event of the summer for movie audiences hoping to escape the overly familiar.
The contemporary world is smitten with "Reality Shows." Beasts of the Southern Wild should fit right in. It could be called "Louisiana Shore." It has a crowd of noisy people, who swill beer and nonsense.
Without wanting to be too effusive, "Beasts of the Southern Wild" is a momentous experience in filmmaking --- at the same time humbling and exhilarating.
At times, there is practically no dialogue, but the movie still maintains its appeal because of an almost mesmerizing performance from the tiny Wallis.
At best a bit of indie-film eye candy, at worst an art-house minstrel show...
Ebullient and brimming over with imagination, this is easily one of the most unapologetically (and earnedly) joyful films you'll see this year.
This may be Zeitlin's first feature but you wouldn't know that by watching it -- this is the work of a born filmmaker.
Only the movie's last stretch manages to get to the place the movie seems to want to go: a weird balance between imagination and reality.
A film that plays less like a grounded, human-scaled story than a dilettantish piece of cultural tourism.
Here is a unique place, filled with characters whose infinite sadness is matched only by their resolve to endure by any means necessary.
Exquisitely lyrical, poetic in tone and epic in scope.
Its fertility and its terror stem from the same truth: To the young mind, there is no sealed barrier cleaving reality from fantasy. Not yet. The wall hasn't been built.
Part cinematic tone poem, part portrait of society's marginalized, part painful domestic drama and part Southern-fried hokum.
A truly beautiful, original film, one that looks and feels absolutely nothing like any movie you've ever seen.
Here is why some of us love the movies: They let you see with brand new eyes.
One of the most assured debuts in years ... a portrait of the wonder and heartbreak that comes with being too young to understand what you experience.
Working with a cast of unknown, inexperienced actors, Zeitlin presents viewers with a poetic journey to a corner of the country that's not often seen on film, certainly not with this degree of artistic integrity.
A strange marvel that offers an unusual blend of stark realism and carefully framed cinematic poetry.
The filmmaker comes from a perspective of great empathy and considerable skill. But he's a pile driver as a dramatist.
This film is a remarkable creation, imagining a self-reliant community without the safety nets of the industrialized world.
A portrait of intestinal fortitude in the face of enormous change, Zeitlin's surrealist fairy tale doubles as a tribute to the back-bowing determination of fringe-dwellers everywhere.
[An] extraordinary southern gothic.
In filmmaking, as in Hushpuppy's world, everything must fit together just right. And in "Beasts of the Southern Wild," everything does.
Yet another poster child for how much can be achieved with shoestring funds, and how the beauty of a good screenplay is more important than anything money can buy.
[Zeitlin's] as enraptured by his own imagery as by the poetry of the settings but never finds a distinctive form for his ambitious vision.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is remarkable, bizarre and beautiful.
Director Benh Zeitlin, working from a script by Lucy Alibar adapted from her stage play Juicy and Delicious, can't seem to get a visual rhythm going.
Spielberg will love this film, if he doesn't already. Zeitlin's ability to create a believable world out of seemingly impossible ingredients is just that good.
Movies that mix magic and gritty realism almost never work , but Zeitlin, who is making an auspicious feature directing debut, pulls it off with awesome results.
The images recall Terrence Malick, but the film fills "atmosphere" into dry narrative holes where a story should reside.
At times it feels like not much holds this world together; at others it seems nothing could possibly tear it apart.
It's not a perfect film, magical realism perhaps being a bit too pat for its location...but he's gotten true performances from Wallis and Henry, created a unique world to set them in and given them dialogue rooted in reality yet ofttimes poetic...
There's no trace of calculation, only artistic ambitions and hopes that have come to fruition in the year's finest film thus far.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a game-changer that gets you excited about movies again. Star Quvenzhané Wallis is a flat-out amazement.
There's no denying that Zeitlin is an emerging artist of serious talent.
Zeitlin's adoring gaze on the Bathtubbers' chaotic-yet-joyous way of life smacks of anthropological voyeurism: Rousseau's "noble savage" nonsense all over again, but with crawdads and zydeco.
Beasts moves with a dreamlike pulse, and is never better than when it doesn't feel the need to move much at all.
Fiercely original, richly imagined, and blessed with one of the great child performances... it may be the first great new fairy tale on film since 'City Of Lost Children.'
The resolution between father and daughter...is wrenching and beautiful
From the opening scenes prior to the sparkling credits to the final de(construct)evolution scene, the crew and cast have made a film that will be talked about this summer, in future film/ethnography classes and at the upcoming awards season.
The movie is small, local, and idiosyncratic. Then again, it's also a thing of beauty and originality - and for that, sustained huzzahs are in order.
Devastatingly moving drama has harsh truths, whimsy, wisdom.
The director captures the racing mind of a child confronted with a situation she can't fully comprehend.
...a post-Katrina fairy tale made from real mud.
Treat yourself to the experience of this perfect storm of a film, and the tiny force of nature that is Quvenzhané Wallis.
Don't miss this one. A brave and inspired antidote to time-wasting mainstream movies, it is unlike anything you've seen before or will likely ever see again. In short, it is unforgettable.
The film doesn't self-righteously revile these characters, which is fine. But perhaps worse, it loftily treats them like something out of Rousseau...
An extraordinary new drama whose fierceness, like its 6-year-old heroine Hushpuppy, grabs on and won't let go.
Their surroundings-decimated cars converted into boats, kindly neighbors, a complete lack of pop detritus (save a Bulls jersey)-shriek of Screenwriterly Poetic Conceit.
In trying through incessant narration to make a six-year-old a prolix sage, Zeitlin can't avoid falling into sticky sentimentality.
It is a beautifully acted, gorgeously shot work of potent emotional resonance, with a superbly evocative musical score.
This movie is a blast of sheer, improbable joy, a boisterous, thrilling action movie with a protagonist who can hold her own alongside Katniss Everdeen, Princess Merida and the other brave young heroines of 2012.
It is strikingly hardheaded in its perception that the picayune dilemmas hotly debated on the media-mommy blogs are completely beside the point for a whole underclass of kids who must be brought up tough and self-reliant in order to survive.
There's an exhilarating originality to this gritty and evocative drama.
The movie comes across as a collection of competing themes and ideas that collide more often than complement one another and never fully gel.
It's hard to get the essence of Beasts without accepting that Zeitlin cares less about coherence than transcendent formalism. There's plenty to marvel at, but far less to feel.
It's tough for someone from a big city to truly understand the characters' choices, but the film's ability to get viewers to even consider something so different is noteworthy.
Beasts teeters on the edge of embracing the clichés of "lyrical poverty" movies, but is anchored in complex reality by the performance of non-actress Quvenzhané Wallis.
Beasts is striking and affecting in all kinds of ways.
A visually-enchanting fantasy shot from the perspective of a naïve waif miraculously untainted by the 21st Century.
Benh Zeitlin's lived-in, almost abstract sense of social realism is partly what makes the film so refreshing and uniquely affecting.
A feeling of genuine enthusiasm and ingenuity ... as if everyone involved was truly discovering the power and potential of filmmaking for the first time.
An extraordinary movie about a fearless six-year-old African-American girl who tutors us in the art of survival; one of the best movies of 2012.
Few more brazenly cinematic pieces will come our way this year.
Evocative and filled with magnificent sights and spirit...As wide-eyed and imaginative as its pint-sized heroine.
A love letter to the people of the Bayou State, who have persevered in the face of apocalyptic tragedy.
Poetic without being pretentious, evocative without being sentimental, this stunning debut feature about a lifestyle that doesn't exist anymore gives good name to both American indies and Sundance Film Fest.
Both quixotic and brutally blunt, this mini-masterpiece bewitched me from the opening moments to the last.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a sublime, dark, audacious, modern fairy tale. And it's all the more exciting that it's the premiere of a rare talent of filmmaker Ben Zeitlin. See it, get lost in the wilderness.
Beasts of the Southern Wild is an incredible debut film - overwhelming, engaging, beautifully entertaining, and it deserves to be shared.
Amazing to behold, with a knock-out performance by young Wallis, it's as if the spirit of Maurice Sendak got loopy on a little too much rum while hanging around the bayous and barges of Cajun country.
A uniquely poetic view of ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances whose artistic, ideological, and visual loveliness will stick with me for a long time.
Seek this one out though, because it's too unique and too defiantly strange to survive for long in today's Darwinian and consumerist exhibition environment.
It's the Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close of Hurricane Katrina.
It's in the small space between words and feelings that the film's most touching moments lie.
The main performances, by non-professionals, would be stunning in any movie, but here they are the icing on a strange and eccentric cake. It's a film so completely unique that it's hard to imagine how it was even made.
It's undoubtedly something extraordinary: like a live-action Miyazaki film, with Days Of Heaven narration, set in a dirt-poor community at an unspecified time of crisis.
An exceptional American independent feature that deserves the best efforts to tap audiences that would surely embrace it.
A stunning debut that finds its dandelion-haired heroine fighting rising tides and fantastic creatures in a mythic battle against modernity.
Zeitlin has created an imaginative and bold vision, filling his movie with plenty of memorable images.

@highlight

Beasts of the Southern Wild is a fantastical, emotionally powerful journey and a strong case of filmmaking that values imagination over money.