Commenting on the role of artists in society today, the strident dissertations would be worthy of a graduate-level art theory class if they weren't so maddeningly pretentious.
Beyond presenting a chameleon-like Cate Blanchett and playing timidly with the idea of ​​collage, [Manifesto] does not achieve anything. [Full review in Spanish]
Cate Blanchett's formidable shape-shifting skills have found their ideal collaborator in German artist and filmmaker Julian Rosefeldt.
One for the fans. Fans of Blanchett and Kazimir Malevich's Suprematist Manifesto. Wherever they may be.
Manifesto creates a philosophical narrative about art and its role in society using dozens of manifestos written by thinkers, artists, philosophers, architects, dancers, and filmmakers.
Blanchett is remarkable, and always a delight to watch.
Manifesto has some magnificent moments, and Blanchett does give an unparalleled performance, but ultimately it is a repetitive and cyclical exercise.
... a deeply unironic and mildly gross Blanchett showreel.
The film's own artistic principles don't seem too fascinating, but it's an intriguing concoction.
It's an intriguing idea, visually arresting and intellectually confrontational. It is not without problems, however.
Impressive, sure, but ultimately stultifying.
After meeting the first few characters I was gripped by an overwhelming desire to nod off. Then I saw the light.
It sounds intimidatingly esoteric and unfathomable but is often good fun as words of revolutionary fire take on different meaning when heard in a very different context.
What Manifesto does achieve, seemingly, is to crash together the planes of art and life.
It's a "Must she? Must we?" experience at first. But in Julian Rosefeldt's conceptualist movie, annoyingness is part of the texture. Provoke or be provoked!
There is a hypnotic fascination to this work by artist and film-maker Julian Rosefeldt, one of the few commercial films that explores the boundaries between cinema and installation, or cinema and video art.
Occasionally obscure, but bold and abrasive. Never fails to command attention.
There's something increasingly mesmerising about Julian Rosefeldt's translation of his own 13-screen gallery piece to cinema.
The film works intermittently thanks to the chameleon-like presence of Cate Blanchett... [Full review in Spanish]
[Cate] Blanchett [is] an authentic artist. [Full REview in Spanish]
You are about to enter an artistic proposal,... unlock your own ideas and take them to the wonderful world of rational non-narration in favor of an intellectual inspiration that is much needed in this times. [Full review in Spanish]
Manifesto is not a film in the traditional sense, but a compilation. [Full Review in Spanish]
In an era when important discussions take place in 140 characters, Manifesto serves as a reminder that back in the 20th century, it was de rigueur to present a solid argument in a debate.
Assaults the audience with both concepts and their conceptualisation.
A major draw of this movie is watching and hearing how Cate Blanchett can transform herself.
There's more of an architecture inherent to the film than if it were simply a succession of staged readings by Blanchett-but those readings, and her transformations, are mesmerizing, and often very funny.
Through humour, gorgeous visuals, and 13 different characters all played by Cate Blanchett, Manifesto interrogates the purpose and sincerity of manifestos... It is a rousing call for original thought.
You may not know much about 20th-century art manifestos, but you'll know what you like with Cate Blanchett's stunning turn as 13 wildly diverse characters who explore them in Manifesto.
As tiresome an evening at the movies as any humorless drone could ever hope to inflict on an audience.
Julian Rosefeldt's Manifesto offers many pleasures. Some of them are conceptual, some of them are surreal, and some of them are Cate Blanchett.
Cate Blanchett plays 13 unconnected characters in wildly disparate situations who shout, whisper, and otherwise recite both famous and not-so-famous manifestos, including those by Fluxus, Dogme 9 -- yay! -- and the Dadaists.
Blanchett recites some of the texts as if she were a lonely voice in the wilderness, but much of Manifesto is side-splittingly funny.
A kind of monotony sets in, as if we're being compelled to hear the effusions of a bright adolescent in an endlessly defiant mood.
Even if you can't parse all the recombinant elements here, Rosefeldt entertains all the senses while getting at the way art goes beyond language to explore the politics of life, both transitory and enduring.
Blanchett, whose body of work already includes playing elf-queen Galadriel, human queen Elizabeth I, Katherine Hepburn and Bob Dylan, does an incredible job embodying a variety of characters.
The disjunction between what's being said and who's saying it is intermittently amusing, but as the weighty speeches blend into an incoherent babble, the film becomes increasingly tedious.
For anyone who has ever said, "Cate Blanchett is such a great actress that I would watch her read the phone book," Manifesto is here to hold you accountable.
"Manifesto" isn't for everybody. But even if you're unfamiliar with Dada and couldn't care less about Fluxus, it's a treat to watch an actress at the top of her game ...
Some bits are less effective and/or more obscure, but few last long enough to wear out their welcome, thanks to writer-director Julian Rosefeldt's clever, complementary visuals and to his affectionate, interested approach - even when he's poking fun.
Whatever Rosefeldt intended, "Manifesto" doesn't quite set forth a manifesto of its own. But it's a blast of fresh air.
Despite the hit-and-miss nature of this highfalutin concept-art, "Manifesto" comes across as successfully, outrageously funny.
Some scenes are visually beautiful, and Blanchett is of course brilliant, but unless you're deep into art theory or a Cate Blanchett completist, I'd advise rewatching Elizabeth, or I'm Not There, or both, instead.
Here tackling conceptions of characters rather than actual flesh-and-blood human beings, Manifesto frees [Blanchett] to bring as much imagination as she can muster.
Rosefeldt and a very game Blanchett spring one surprising creation on the viewer after the other. But what it all adds up to is of course up for debate.
Ph.D.s in art theory will chuckle knowingly as everyone else eyes the exit.
By far the best film to come along in the first half of 2017, "Manifesto" is as thought and discussion-provoking as films come. It also happens to be entertaining as hell.
The production is extraordinary considering the constraints.
It's no longer a showcase primarily for the artist. Manifesto becomes a tribute to the actor - and to the process of acting itself.
A tapestry of masterful performances that [...] push[es] past traditional boundaries in order to locate deeper, more authentic truths.
Blanchett delivering these intimidating texts, and completely changing the internal context from which each text emerges, is so breathlessly inventive that it's nothing less than totally entertaining.
Spliced and layered, stripped of their contexts, gathered just because they are available, the manifestos lose whatever meaning they once held.
Even as Rosefeldt mines intellectual elitism, he reveals a disdain for pretension in the film's centerpiece monologue.
Manifesto works best as a thought experiment; fitting it into cinematic convention makes it a little more boring and confounding.
As an installation, "Manifesto" may have seemed like a sensory onslaught. As a movie, it's a very elaborate intellectual exercise, immaculate in every technical detail.
A must-see for Blanchett die-hard fans, though the nonstop lecture will exclude others.
The second feature from writer/director Julian Rosefeldt, MANIFESTO is annoyingly narcissistic, even in its cleaver-sharp critique of society.
"So smug and ponderous that even the allure of 13 performances by Cate Blanchett couldn't spur me from a stupor of annoyance and boredom."
As a conservative southern mom, an imperious Russian choreographer, or a wild-eyed homeless Glaswegian, Blanchett is clearly having a blast.
Difficult to understand and impossible to codify, Manifesto is a stirring post-modern rumination on artistic meaning filtered through the persona and performance of Cate Blanchett.
Blanchett has no fear as a performer, and she has such enormous appetite for acting that she rips into each of the characters she is playing as if she were hungrily stripping meat off of chicken legs and then hurling the bones over her shoulder.
The film's visceral pleasures often work at cross purposes with the cerebral message of the manifestos.
The film is more of a clip show, awkwardly cutting together elements once presented in a drastically different manner.
The closest a film performance may ever come to capturing the spirit of live theater.
This could've been an unbearably pretentious and self-important work. But instead, it's inspiring and inspired, as well as (and this helps) very funny.
Manifesto's visual inventiveness and Blanchett's multifarious performances make the movie consistently engrossing.
A thrilling and audacious experiment, and during our current perilous era, Manifesto feels especially inspiring, encouraging artists to keep seeking ways to use creativity to fight back.
Julian Rosefeldt's visual panache and Cate Blanchett's astonishing versatility bring cinematic verve to something that could've easily come off as too dryly conceptual.
The film's necessary linearity destroys that aspect of the installation, cutting back and forth between the various characters and feeling far more like a lecture than an experience.
"Manifesto" may not adhere to any conventional narrative structure, but it's compulsively watchable all the same ...
Confidently fulfils its ambitious intent with ease.

@highlight

Laugh-out-loud humor and Cate Blanchett's tour de force performance(s) make Manifesto worth watching, even if the subject matter is too esoteric for all but a few.