The director never judges her protagonist, even if Frankie seems unshakable in the face of his father's illness. [Full review in Spanish]
This accumulation of contradictions is perfectly embodied by [actor Harris] Dickinson... [Full review in Spanish]
This is a disturbing drama about a young man in search of his own identity at great risk to himself and others, an alarming portrait of a lost soul, rudderless and self-destructive, seeking drugs and dangerous sexual liaisons.
Always thoughtful and delicate as a psychological drama, but gains further kudos because of the rewarding performance by Harrison Dickinson.
"Beach Rats" traverses familiar coming-of-age territory - Hittman also brilliantly explored a teenage girl's sexual awakening in her debut feature, "It Felt Like Love" - but here the realism and emotional rawness set "Beach Rats" apart
... has both its own merits, aesthetic and descriptive, and related to that wider need to tell such stories, even when they appear as fragments of a narrative whose limits exceed those of the austere footage. [Full review in Spanish]
Beach Rats does feel a little half-formed, but it swells with such passion that one longs to follow all involved on their subsequent journeys.
It's slow, sensual and gorgeously observed.
The film's mix of murky, up-close realism and dreamy vagueness is reminiscent of Gus Van Sant's and Larry Clark's detailed, faintly voyeuristic depictions of teen life, as well Matt Porterfield's unvarnished but elegant portraits of urban disaffection.
Powered by a taciturn, soulful performance by its young star, this meditation on fear, shame and sexual repression packs a wallop.
On balance, the attention to style does the trick: the movie is rewarding in its own way.
Hittman shares something of Claire Denis's gift for finding vulnerability in a chiselled male body and a kind of bruised poetry in the tough-guy swagger of these teenage kids.
This dreamily shot US indie is an insightful study of sexual repression and awakening, featuring a compelling lead performance from Brit newcomer Dickinson.
The drama [feels] stilted and the violent conclusion predictable and a little exploitative.
Writer-director Eliza Hittman's Beach Rats is a Brooklyn-set coming of age story made with a gritty lyricism bound to provoke comparisons with the work of French director Claire Denis.
Beach Rats isn't a comfortable watch but always a compelling one.
The 16mm photography is haunting and lustrous. It has the benighted grain of the world we knew before it went digital.
Subtle, tragic and bracingly perceptive filmmaking.
The impressive Dickinson brings just enough anguish and confusion to his performance, making Frankie a character you decide to care about.
Like an intoxicating mix of Saturday Night Fever and Claire Denis' Beau Travail.
The climax - which finds Frankie making a sloppy attempt to unify his double lives, to hauntingly tense effect - is one of the reasons Beach Rats will linger in viewers' minds for long after.
This skin-deep look at young male sexuality makes Frankie's behavior perplexing.
Beach Rats owes its success to its omissions, its things unsaid, opportunities for kindness missed.
Thanks to its lyrical cinematography, a great performance by Harris Dickinson, and its heartbreaking ambiguity, Beach Rats is an engrossing, poetic drama.
Kind of dated and retrograde in its treatment of gay sexuality and coming out, but with sharply drawn characters and a great sense of place.
Hittman demonstrates a sure hand throughout, marking her as a filmmaker whose future work will be hotly anticipated.
Dickinson is perfectly cast and the film's mix of skill gives it a gritty realism that heightens the emotional pitch.
Though its story of a teenaged tough struggling with his sexuality is contemporary, the style is low-fi, luxurious, retro. Shot on 16mm by cinematographer Hélène Louvart, Beach Rats has a grainy, painterly sense of depth and texture.
Beach Rats is a careful character study, and with Dickinson, American indie director Eliza Hittman has hit gold.
In the central role of Frankie, Harris Dickinson has a certain visual presence, but the part of Frankie as written is the definition of "aimless"-reactive, static, and ultimately uninteresting.
Set over a suffocating Brooklyn summer, Beach Rats takes an evocative, charged look at a closeted 19-year-old adrift in his own life.
Hittman and the actors are working with a cold script that leaves you feeling empty long after you've left the theater.
An exceptionally satisfying exercise in otherwise unimaginative cinematic realism.
Hittman's drama is empathetic (but not necessarily sympathetic) and profoundly sad at watching Frankie's inability to reconcile his two worlds.
Hittman paints with a delicate brush, and gets a strong performance out of newcomer Dickinson, who gives Frankie a soft soul beneath his chiseled physique.
Let's call this what it is: a fetishistic After-School Special complete with closeups of trimmed pubes and squeaky-clean sphincters.
... conveys a raw authenticity for its characters and setting, while newcomer Dickinson finds depth and complexity in a protagonist whose sympathetic qualities are sometimes elusive.
Beach Rats is not a movie that feels the need to explain itself. Rather, it is a remarkable window into the life of an aimless teen who is trying to make sense of an irrational world.
[Writer/Director Eliza] Hittman supplies impressive emotional and atmospheric realities all her own.
It's not the feel-good movie of the year, but it's a powerfully rendered reminder that coming of age can be harrowing, and hurtful to others, even in our purportedly more open-minded country.
This very thinly sliced character study of beautiful if benighted adolescence is more a pre-coming-of-age tale, one that takes us close to, but not through, the transformative acquisition of good judgment.
This movie hits the senses like fresh impact of salt-water air.
Though the trailer portends vapid soft core, [Eliza] Hitmann has a sure and sensitive hand as a director.
Sound and image: Hittman understands the swim that can drown the best of us in our most driven instants, trembling in crisis. Hélène Louvart's 16mm cinematography is richly precise yet impressionistic.
If Hittman's trippy combination of visuals and sound don't pull you in, Dickinson surely will.
[T]he movie doesn't quite know how to communicate what is beneath the surface, except in the broadest terms.
What happens when a character who doesn't know what he wants loses control over what little understanding he already has? It's a crisis, and a risk, and Beach Rats navigates both with the best of them.
Beach Rats [is] just plain haunting.
[With] this second feature, writer-director Eliza Hittman comes across as a milder.
There are no clear answers here for Frankie or for us, which might not be satisfying but is no less poignant.
It's a predictable turn of events-Frankie's attempts to hide so much of himself away can't last forever-but since Hittman avoids such heavy-handedness throughout, the finale feels especially disappointing.
This is a better example of Hittman's skills as a filmmaker than her previous film was, even if the story is less compelling.
British actor Harris Dickinson gives a smashing breakthrough performance in Beach Rats.
Hittman's depictions of sexuality, emotional crisis and parent-teen relationships are rendered here without sentimentality - and with the burning urgency of a stick of dynamite with a lit fuse.
The saving grace-the thing that keeps you interested and caring-is Dickinson, the newcomer with phenomenal potential, so honest and self-assured I can't wait to see what he does next.
Perhaps Hittman relies too much on that aura to give her sophomore film a coherence it doesn't quite earn.
It gets under the skin, and stays there.
[Harris] Dickinson, in his debut, achieves an almost unfathomably rich reservoir of feeling.
A potent blend of eroticism, pent-up feelings and good old-fashioned appreciation of beauty.
It's hard to make a compelling movie about a character defined by indecision, Hamlet notwithstanding. Ms. Hittman, however, has done it.
What's special about the film is how much we come to know Frankie, perhaps more than he knows himself.
Beach Rats is presented in such a no-frills way that there are more moments than not when it feels like it has slipped into full documentary mode.
Harris Dickinson, the spellbinding British newcomer who plays Frankie, rewards the director's scrutiny with piercing emotional depth and a startling lack of self-consciousness.
The back-and-forths of the character's decisions feel real, and Mr. Dickinson's laconic blankness (you would never guess the actor was British) helps to give the character's existential crisis a charge.
Hittman's skill as an impressionistic filmmaker, giving us enough glimpses that we can fill in the whole, makes for an incredibly engaging viewing experience.
Good-looking people may seem to have it all, but Frankie, with his cushiony lips and guarded eyes, is a vision of male beauty in turmoil.
Will Frankie let his first steps into a new identity get hijacked for mean-spirited shakedowns? Beach Rats could have explored that ethical quandary with more depth; instead it settles for something blocked, oblique and fascinating.
Riveting and deeply compelling with the one-two punch of Dickinson's astonishing performance and Hittman's direction.
Despite [Hittman's] evocative styling and Dickinson's surprisingly assured lead performance, her sophomore feature remains confined in monotonous, psychologically shallow coming-of-age-drama indiedom.
If the film is tender, it's merciless at the same time.
Hittman, a Flatbush native, is preternaturally skilled at immersing herself in the interior world and exterior details of sexually driven, beautifully confused teenagers in Brooklyn neighborhoods that function with their own enclosed ecosystems.
Hittman's superlatively subjective camera sexualizes everything in its path, damp with a New York summer's cruel humidity and a hazy, exhausted torpor.
Beach Rats is most compelling when it puts a self-aware focus on Harris Dickinson's sculpted male figure.
With just two films, Eliza Hittman has established herself as one of the premier chroniclers of wayward youth.
British actor Dickinson - surely on the first step to a lot more film roles - slides seamlessly into Frankie's groove, the accent and the body language spot on.
"Beach Rats," a boldly irreconcilable drama, shows a character locating ugliness and horror within himself.
A hyper-focused, dream-like portrait of a teenager grappling with both the conditions of his upbringing and a newfound identity.
The movie turns out to be going nowhere slowly.
A drama with a strong lead performance and even stronger sense of place.
Dickinson is quietly excellent in the lead role, conveying hints of the emotions that Frankie, immersed in his macho go-nowhere social circle, can't bring himself to articulate.
A film that has the precision of a great short story and the uneasiness of body horror.
Beach Rats is a captivating character study and one that feels vital.
This is achingly delicate psychological territory, heavily dependent on just the right actor to make flesh its scripted subtleties - and Hittman has found him in Dickinson ...
Fate is a blunt instrument here. Yet you still wind up asking for more depth from the characters for whom Hittman is asking you to feel something.
Dark, dreamy and entirely engrossing.

@highlight

Empathetic and powerfully acted, Beach Rats takes a clear-eyed yet dreamlike look at a young man's adolescent turmoil.