Ice Age: The Meltdown is a considerable improvement over its predecessor...As before, Scrat (again voiced by Chris Wedge, who this time did not direct) steals the show.
As with the first "Ice Age" movie it is Scrat the acorn-obsessed rodent who bookends the movie and steals the most laughs with his hilarious attempts at obtaining an ever-elusive acorn.
I've seen cooked spaghetti with more tension.
For as endearing as Scrat's antics are, even they can't sustain the lackluster jokes that pass for humor for the bulk of the ninety-minute running time.
I'm not going to beat around the glacier. If you liked Ice Age, you're going to like this sequel.
Abounds in well-paced gags, both visual and verbal.
The animation is beautiful, with the flowing water and icy cliffs perfectly rendered.
If the animation studio Blue Sky has proven anything so far, it's that they're big league visual artists, but frankly pedestrian when it comes to stories.
full review in Greek
Revels in clever, complex set-pieces and lowbrow, big-rear-end humor, but falls somewhat short when it comes to character development and interpersonal warmth.
It's all about Scrat, that plain-looking Every-squirrel who never gives up, and it's only a matter of time before he gets his own feature.
nothing really grand
The storyline wanes towards the end and, from the kids' point of view, the whole package lacks momentum.
...missing the novelty of the first film, both in the imaginatively drawn prehistoric setting and the witty interaction between the characters.
meltdown - indeed.
If you thought the original was a lifeless, forgettable bore, you'll find the sequel outdoing it on both counts.
Ice Age 2 works, if not as well as its predecessor, but it wants for that special something that makes Pixar's efforts such instant classics.
...the film doesn't try to be too clever and hip for the kids, as have many animated movies of late in the endless attempt to sell attitude to credit-card wielding adults at the box office.
Adult fans of animation: don't bother. Parents taking their kids: Spare them. Use the money to beef up your home DVD collection of Pixar titles or even expand into the old Warner Brothers cartoons.
L'Ère de glace : La Fonte ne vaut pas vraiment le déplacement, ni celui de la calotte polaire ni le vôtre.
Unfortunately, the Ice Age sequel doesn't take a major step forward like Toy Story 2 in 1999.
... a whole new adventure. Well, an outing. Okay, a long walk...
The sequel is satisfying for the same reason as the first movie. The sweet animals are witty, and while the physical comedy is simple, the main characters ultimately aren't.
Finds itself on thin ice, unable to support a 10-ton mammoth, let alone a 9-ton possum.
Carlos Saldanha's mix of race-against-time action and eco-friendly propaganda is actually an improvement on the original, not least for giving its funniest character -- acorn-hunting rodent Scrat -- a lot more to do.
Although hardly a departure from the original, it is well-animated, well-voiced, and decently plotted.
Assim como o original, tem seus melhores momentos quando o esquilo Scrat surge em cena. Pena que isso aconteça tão pouco.
A pesar de la poca innovación, esta segunda parte es casi tan divertida como la primera, sobre todo gracias a un estupendo personaje llamado Scrat.
In its untouched-by-human-hand way, it's not bad and, as in the first film, the funniest moments involve the half-rat, half-squirrel Scrat.
...viewers who enjoyed the bland original may also dig this one.
Ice Age 2 surpasses the original in every way. Fox Animation has a film to be extremely proud of.
A watered-down likeness that curiously turns disaster flick in its too-scary third act.
A fast-melting and mostly watered-down scoop of an all-too-familiar flavor.
Fans fired up by the first Ice Age won't be cooled down with this fun-loving follow-up.
It's hard to warm up to Ice Age 2 when most of it feels like a furry retread.
The animation is excellent, and all the jokes, both visual and verbal work. It's worth taking the kids, even if you have to rent some.
The physical comedy is still first rate and should entertain most kids.
A mammoth hit
Impressively animated, family-friendly comedy with likeable characters and some terrific comic set-pieces.
The periodic fits of inspiration -- most of them courtesy of Scrat -- are just welcome breaks from an onslaught of witless pratfalling and white noise.
Watching this zoo of long-vanished quadrupeds, you're left with an eerie message for our own warming times: They fought the thaw, and the thaw won.
Leguizamo's wispy voice work shows that creating compelling animated characters takes more than just placing a sitcom star in front of a mic. Yes, I'm looking at you, David Schwimmer.
Fría, muy fría... y no precisamente por el hielo
It feels like a cheap direct-to-video rush job.
It isn't always out of whack, and I liked the way the writers tried to make Diego's fear of water into a universal metaphor relating to life in general, but the picture overall just doesn't work.
[The film] has lots of energy, some decent animation and good voice-over work -- but no real story and few chuckles.
Maybe it's not quite as deep as its predecessor, but still you're bound to warm up to "Ice Age: The Meltdown," because of the universal emotions shared by its characters.
Scrat is still the highlight of an average children's movie.
How nice it is to see the whole Ice Age gang back, but unfortunately, this sequel falls under the "cute-but-not-quite-as-good-as-the-original" category.
This movie feels right more often than the first 'Ice Age,' which means a third installment is inevitable and eagerly anticipated.
There are some charming moments, but you have to wait for them.
An easy and enjoyable way of spending an hour and a half.
A lot of sequels are complete meltdowns but this one stands up to the elements.
If you're under the age of 10 you will likely enjoy Ice Age: The Meltdown.
For whatever it lacks in the way of a compelling story, Ice Age: The Meltdown still manages to give family audiences what they want and expect: lovable characters, gorgeous computer-generated animation, and laughter.
This film looks terrific, and has some wonderfully eye-grabbing sequences.... So it's a pity the story's so bland.
It's charming enough, though, and there's plenty of laughs.
A delight for all ages.
Ice Age: The Meltdown is a joy from start to finish, as nutty and irreverent as its tiny hero Scrat.
A tad crasser and pushier than its predecessor, Ice Age: The Meltdown is still an entirely serviceable follow-up to the 2002 hit that will thoroughly amuse kids and get a rise or two out of parents as well.
Prehistory's first blended herd begins a new adventure some tens of thousands of years after joining forces in the face of a global deep freeze (no, the math doesn't work, so stop worrying about it).
The Meltdown is at least faithful to its predecessor in the sense of being equally as underwhelming.
The film feels visually richer than its predecessor, but has the same brand of uncomplicated all-ages charm.
The Meltdown is less a story than a series of complicated slapstick bits -- the physical gags are often enjoyable, but there's not much else to the movie.
Fire and freeze, flames and ice, it's all primal. And fairly prime as getaway entertainment.
Ice Age: The Meltdown seems like one of those straight-to-DVD animation sequels the studios love to churn out, and not just because of the colon in its title.
The amusing gang from Ice Age is back for an encore in Ice Age: The Meltdown, a funny sequel that's on a par with 2002's entertaining original.
A curiously dour sequel to 2002's popular Ice Age.
Its prehistoric characters might as well be stretching their paws and claws out for money, because the picture gives them little else of consequence to do.
On the short list of sequels superior to the originals -- alphabetically between The Godfather, Part II and Toy Story 2 -- you may enter Ice Age: The Meltdown.
The animated work is generally first-rate, which is good, because some of the one-liners date to the ice age and beyond.
You'll take your kids, yes. But don't be surprised if this one leaves them cold as you-know-what.
Ice Age: The Meltdown, a follow-up to the 2002 animated prehistoric hit, is the rare sequel that is better than the original.
A good-natured, gag-filled sequel to the hit animated movie about animals trying to evade extinction while trading one-liners.
There's not much to Ice Age: The Meltdown, but it's enjoyable all the same.
For a sequel, it'll do.
Parents forced by unruly ankle-biters to spend an afternoon at the multiplex could do worse than Ice Age: The Meltdown (Valiant, anyone?). But if kids could be persuaded to wait a few months for the DVD, it wouldn't be the end of the world.
It might not be a classic for the eons, but Ice Age: The Meltdown is so delightfully fun, funny and action-packed that it's hard to find cracks in its slick surface.
Ice Age: The Meltdown crosses familiar territory but does so with exceeding sweetness and no shortage of visual imagination, bolstering what is, in essence, a fairly simplistic road movie with an eco-conscious twist.
A raucously fun, fluid follow-up with an ecological message.
While this film has neither the insight or intellect of better Pixar films, it does have enough funny gags to keep the kids entertained and their parents from being bored.
The sequel to Ice Age is very much like the original: witty and imaginative at times, dull and predictable at others.
There's something disheartening about the way the writers and director have to give so much of the dialogue double meaning, all literal for the kiddies and full of double-entendres and pop culture references for the parents.
Where the first Ice Age was low-key, this one is more frantic. And this time around the material is cruder, more lowbrow than it needs to be.
The movie is right on par with the 2002 original: brisk, pleasant and loaded with slapstick that should keep young children giggling.
If the rest of Meltdown is a three-star movie, Scrat brings four stars every time. Perhaps by the next sequel, they'll dispense with the filler and give Scrat his own movie.
Even when Meltdown melts down, it's still fun to look at.
Even though the animation sparkles, the screenplay is dull and in desperate need of some punching up.
A sequel with more humor, topicality, intelligence and appeal [than the original].
Ice Age: The Meltdown is pure sequel product that should make children and undemanding grown-ups happy even as it lacks anything resembling storytelling inspiration.
Scrat's antics rank with Chuck Jones' old Road Runner vs. Coyote cartoons for pure laughs.
As in the first Ice Age, the predictable main story and the not-funny-enough script is a waste of some well-executed performances.
In evolution, some things worked, some didn't (hooves and horns, good; shovel-shaped jaws on elephants, bad). The humor in 'Meltdown' is similarly hit-and-miss.
Like the original film, ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN features appealing characters in recognizable, particularly familial situations.
[I]f your offspring complain about being bored... congratulate them on growing up and developing taste.
"Ice Age: The Meltdown" is not just a good sequel; it's faster, funnier, and just plain better than the original.
Like any good kids' movie, Meltdown invokes both the specter of global warming and the horrors of hurricane Katrina.
a worthy, highly enjoyable follow-up... it has the same lively pace, suspenseful situations and off-the-wall jokiness of its predecessor.
The so-so dialogue is balanced by the film's often hilarious physical humor.... It's the film's brawn, not its brains, that make it a survivor.
I wish this film would have been 90 minutes of Scrat chasing that stupid acorn.
I was ready, willing and able to let my heart be warmed, but there was no crescendo or mammoth emotional journey.
The seams show...a somewhat grudging social obligation for audiences over the age of ten to tow their younger charges.
The Meltdown is more entertaining than Ice Age. It just didn't make me cry and go play with all my old toys so they wouldn't feel abandoned. And really, what other standard is there?
For Meltdown, the production feels much more adventurous and more willing to squeeze in visual gags and genuinely funny character quirks whenever it can.
Sisyphus has nothing on Scrat, and his antics make Ice Age: The Meltdown worth the price of admission.
Scrat, the pre-historic squirrel-rat, easily upstages the pedestrian storytelling.
Better than the original! Scrat the saber-toothed squirrel once again steals the film...love that squirrel!
a smarter and funnier adventure
Fans of the original will likely enjoy this new batch of shenanigans, but those looking for something new or consistently hilarious may just want to stay home and watch Finding Nemo.
Despite the plot cracks, Ice Age: The Meltdown is a solid treat for parents and kids alike.
With its appealing combination of humor and endearing characters -- many of whom are back from the first film -- it is at least as good as the original Ice Age, and possibly better.
I enjoyed the computer-animated Ice Age, and its sequel, Ice Age: The Meltdown, is just about as good.
The animation is first-rate, but the story needs to catch up to the magic. Otherwise, what's the point?
The first Ice Age movie more or less exhausted these characters and their world, and the meltdown doesn't add much.
The exposition is lazy and sloppy and the story has little creative heat.
Creative exhaustion haunts Ice Age: The Meltdown, as the characters from 2002's Ice Age face global warming and the submersion of their valley.
Ice Age: The Meltdown is a rarity, like the last of the woolly mammoths: a sequel that's as delightful as the original.
There are brightly funny individual scenes, especially the "Fire King" encounter (though it seems to have been taken straight from one of the Hope and Crosby "Road" movies), but it doesn't have the power or imagination of the first.
The wacky creatures from the first Ice Age return for a witty, poignant sequel made by people who actually care about animation.
Ice Age: The Meltdown leaves you with a warm feeling, and not the typical frustration at being ripped off by a cheesy sequel.
Ice Age: The Meltdown has its share of humorous moments, but most of these involve the squirrel. The main plot involving the exodus and the Mammoth romance is more often dull than amusing.
Forget two thumbs up. Ice Age: The Meltdown earns three toes up -- of the sloth variety.
This Ice Age is still a good movie (especially for kids) with top-of-the-tech CGI.
A frolicsome adventure for kids that celebrates diversity, facing one's fears, and relying on each other in troubled times.
Forgettable, completely harmless, sporadically amusing, and not at all ready to go up against the real masters at Pixar and Disney.
Ice Age: The Meltdown is fine, in much the same way the first one was fine -- not as inventive as Pixar, but not out scratching for jokes like Chicken Little.
The movie still retains the goofy charm, stylish visuals and attention to character of its fine 2002 predecessor.
It's more like watching a typical animated-shorts collectio--a few highlights, a lot of clinkers--than like watching an actual movie
A blandly voiced, simply plotted, inoffensively average children's film. Every single bit - down to Scrat once again running away with the movie - is exactly like the first.
needed nothing but Scrat to be the winner he never will be. And we all lose because it isn't.
Scrat once again steals the show
Ice Age: The Meltdown blithely looks on the bright side of life, amassing a screen full of vultures to sing and dance 'Food Glorious Food' and daring us not to get happy.
Ice Age 2 isn't really a meltdown, but it's no bolt from a Blue Sky.
Like its predecessor, it's a moderately engaging family movie, but in the Pixar Age that's not quite enough.
Whenever Scrat is on the screen, the movie consistently delights young and old.
A bit spotty in the early goings, almost stalls in the middle, but from there takes off toward climax and never looks back. A lot of fun. John Leguizamo rocks.
A lot of the weird, rough edges of the previous movie have been replaced with a more polished sheen.
Ice Age: The Meltdown acknowledges something the Bush administration doesn't believe in: global warming.







@highlight

Despite its impressive animation and the hilarious antics of the saber-toothed squirrel Scrat, Ice Age 2: The Meltdown comes up short on the storytelling front.