... has fun with the tale and Americanizes the genre without losing the pleasures of its Asian inspirations.
Surprisingly a lot of fun, with a simple good vs. evil plot, nice action sequences and a battle of the ages between two of the biggest martial art movie masters.
If you're a big Jackie Chan and/or Jet Li fan this movie was made for you and you should go see it on the big screen once. But because of a complete lack of storytelling effort from the filmmakers, there's no reason to ever see it more than once.
Kung fu fever and fluff mix it up with hordes of floating knights in shining armor with bad attitude, and just a little heavy on the dressing, courtesy of the costume department.
Think of it as a kung fu fairy tale almost anyone can appreciate.
The first onscreen meeting of screen legends Jackie Chan and Jet Li is possibly reason enough to see this fantasy, whose extravagant martial arts sequences are choreographed by Woo-ping Yuen, whose signature was inked in Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon
... despite falling prey to some of the anticipate problems, it ultimately emerges victorious, perhaps wobbling a bit, but only in the giddy manner of the drunken master played by Chan.
Fans of either martial artist will probably find enough to enjoy out of this, and will even like it more if they like 80's fantasy films.
Fueled by Jackie Chan and Jet Li, this enjoyable romp has plenty of kick.
An unapologetically old-fashioned fantasy ... solid enough entertainment for grown-ups, but something that many kids will absolutely adore.
If The Forbidden Kingdom missteps, it's by assuming that its digitally enhanced stunts are more impressive than they are and, therefore, lavishing more attention on the kinetics than the story.
Welcomed doses of slapstick and winking humor are sprinkled throughout rescuing the film from the occasionally heavy but never overbearing exposition.
When I say the movie is cheesy, I am talking provolone, American cheese, Swiss cheese; cheesy.
Yeah, it's a dopey kid's movie, but -- significant detail -- one that feels like it was actually written for kids ... Also, whenever things threaten to get too schlocky, this amazing villainess with a magic bullwhip shows up.
It would be little without its superb martial arts sequences, so its good to report that the movie isn't just filled with them, but that each fight was choreographed by Yuen Wo Ping.
The story, which should be forbidden, keeps coming back for more. Whenever the plot pops up, from predictable love scenes to the villainess who hates men for no reason to the crypto-Confucian lines, you keep wishing for the next fist to fly.
Plenty of fun action sequences, but one wants more from a movie that contains this promising line: 'Summon the witch. The one born of wolves.'
(Minkoff) botches the film's fantasy elements, saturating these segments with cheesy effects.
Jason's relationship with Golden Sparrow stays pretty locked in first gear, such that the movie might attend to kung fu%u2014sort of.
All the martial arts movies have become clichés. This film is worse than stupid. Enough!
Fortunately, Minkoff has one talent many of his American predecessors have lacked: When Chan or Li is fighting, he knows how to hold the camera still.
These two fighters may be turning into grandpas, thanks to the "Viagra" of wire work and other special effects, both men are still able to pull off some very entertaining fight sequences.
I'm totally in the target audience for this film, having long been a fan of both actors as well as the genre itself. But the fact is that this thing just didn't work for me, and I'm completely frustrated by that.
An enjoyable big budget film with lots of fancy sets, special effects and great fight scenes.
Jackie Chan and Jet Li together for the first time in a martial arts film - the perfect formula for a winner!
Mostly bloodless Chan/Li martial arts adventure.
It's not an awful movie, but, although it has its moments, it is not a particularly good one either. [Still] every scene with the Monkey King in it is magical and mesmerizing.
...the movie has a sweetly affecting fairy-tale atmosphere...
'Blue eyeshadow went out in the 1280's!' Jet Li shouts at the Jade Warlord
Instead of hitting us with crouching tigers and hidden dragons, the kung fu action-adventure The Forbidden Kingdom features the monk versus the drunk. And it works.
It's simply tedious, butt-kicking, cliche-ridden, chop-schlocky action.
One of the more entertaining movies we've seen in recent months.
Good low-calorie fun.
A slapdash but amiable crossbreed of The Karate Kid and The Wizard of Oz, The Forbidden Kingdom functions as a martial arts cinema primer for American youth.
Combines outrageously entertaining fight scenes with just enough of an ancient Chinese legend to keep us hooked
If you're an adolescent boy and kung fu flicks are your bag, this convoluted one is probably watchable.
Cliché title, fun movie... a premium wire-fu fantasy.
Bloodless, but just make sure your young 'uns are past the stage of copying all the moves they see.
All of this is packaged fairly entertainingly, and the action sequences are a marvel to behold, expertly combining physical stunts with computerized effects.
Every time I thought it was getting too serious for its own good, the film gives a wink and a nod to the audience to let them know that it still has a sense of humor.
... a martial-arts variation on a middling musical with knockout dance numbers. It'll be tons of fun on DVD, when we can fast-forward to the good stuff and skip the plodding plot.
Every time the focus switches to Michael Angarano channeling his inner Ralph Macchio, The Forbidden Kingdom reminds you that it's primarily an act of occidental tourism.
The characters know they're in a movie that references lots of other movies and they want to share with us how much fun those movies can be.
It might take a Zen master to explain exactly what audience this is aimed at.
It's difficult to resist, especially if you're a 12-year-old boy whose parents won't let you rent Once Upon a Time in China or the Kill Bill movies.
When Chan and Li match wits, each celebrates the other's presence. This isn't just a martial-arts display; it's generosity and camaraderie in motion.
Assigning Chan and Li to supporting status underscores how ordinary this would-be- extraordinary film turns out to be.
I could just hear the producers in the board room, cigar smoke swirling around their fat heads as they barked into their speakerphones: "Those Hong Kong guys are too old! We need an American in here to capture the Western markets
Thanks to the two stars' disparate styles - the laser-like focus of Li and the whirlwind whimsy of Chan - The Forbidden Kingdom makes up for its flaws with plenty of eye-popping moments.
Chan seems to be having fun in a comic part that, unlike his Rush Hour paydays, doesn't make him the butt of ethnic jokes. Li is as stalwart as ever.
Forbidden Kingdom is chop-socky bordering on chop-schlocky, but it's good-natured myth-making cut into kid-size pieces.
While the script is corny and the direction uneven, [Chan and Li] never falter.
Seeing Jackie Chan and Jet Li in fist-frenzied combat feels like the kung-fu equivalent of watching Fred Astaire cut the rug with Ginger Rogers.
Unfailingly lighthearted, the film's fight scenes are stylized, soaring wire work and gravity-defying digital sorcery rather than blood-and-bruises beatdowns.
The first teaming of Chan and Li is a delightful, action-packed martial-arts fantasy. There's not an original idea in the whole thing, but this gorgeous Hollywood production presents all the surefire elements well.
The dependable Chan and Li keep the proceedings lively, even though it's all fairly predictable. What they lack in material, they more than make up for in onscreen charisma.
The Forbidden Kingdom may be nothing but disposable fun, but it is a great, heaping, overflowing helping of fun. If you're 10, it may also seem like Citizen Kane.
The filmmakers come off like their protagonist, wide-eyed tourists in an exotic realm. If you've been looking for a martial arts film to take granny and the kids to, this might be the one, but a Jackie Chan-Jet Li collaboration deserves better than that.
What a waste. It's easy to see how Kingdom would have benefited from focusing on the interplay between its superstars. At times they're like kung-fu Ernie and Bert (minus the sexual tension).
Forbidden Kingdom is a faithful and disarmingly earnest attempt to honor some venerable and popular Chinese cinematic traditions.
A sufficiently entertaining diversion.
The Forbidden Kingdom...offers the first-ever on-screen pairing of martial-arts legends Jackie Chan and Jet Li, but it's a bit of a bait-and-switch. Both stars get plenty of screen time, yet their fight scenes feel routine.
If you want to break the kids in easy to the whole martial arts thing, this may be the way to go. After all, clean fu never killed anyone.
A number of Forbidden Kingdom sequences deliver muscular slaptick. A fight in which Lu Yan uses Jason as one more weapon in his arsenal of defensive moves is vintage Chan.
It's a long, eye-rolling haul...hampered by lurching exposition and hammy setup.
Pairing Jackie Chan and Jet Li would seem like a slam dunk, but this big-budget martial arts drama, which borrows liberally from The Wizard of Oz, is something of a disappointment.
The Forbidden Kingdom treads its path just right to please genre and action/adventure fans on both sides of the globe.
Kung fu purists may scoff, but escapists with a sense of humor should romp through The Forbidden Kingdom.
This is the long-awaited teaming of superstars Jackie Chan and Jet Li, and it's an occasion to applaud for those who like a few yuks with their kicks.
But from the dorky Lucas-level dialogue to the West Side Story goons trolling the streets of Boston there is just too much wrong here for me to admit to having anything close to a good time.
The long-awaited pairing of the 44-year-old Li and the 54-year-old Chan is a fizzle (they only fight each other once, early in the film) that makes you wish they had met up in their prime.
Where Rush Hour was a cash-in, The Forbidden Kingdom is a deliberate and loving homage.
The film tries to contain the best of two worlds - exaggerated, cartoonish comedy and disconcertingly brutal violence. Like Chan and Li, the two philosophies grind uncomfortably beside each other.
Chan and Li both deliver in their own unique ways, and there's enough action and humor to satisfy even the less enthusiastic martial arts fans out there.
It does not take itself too seriously but it does take the action scenes seriously.
The Forbidden Kingdom may not be a classic martial arts movie, but it's got heart, a certain sneaky charm and more than enough pure fun to make up for that.
The ever-impish Chan is perfectly suited to the wine-reliant wanderer and his agility still impresses at 50 ...a unique blend that offers something for everyone while respecting its origins.
It's too bad that the film isn't actually about Jackie or Jet; rather, it's about a bland, annoying, white kid.
Minkoff and Fusco blur the line between homage and laziness.
Jackie Chan and Jet Li are true artists and watching them together is a real joy.
The Forbidden Kingdom is a movie that has Jackie Chan and Jet Li kicking each other. And that is why it is awesome.
Finally, the martial arts genre gets its own version of "City Heat."
Toto and Scarecrow were dropped from the project after demanding excessive residuals on the back end.
I don't care how tough and talented Jet Li and Jackie Chan are they lost me at Monkey King.
From The Lion King to the Monkey King director Rob Minkoff goes and along with him goes the reverse evolution of the American martial arts epic.
Is it possible to recommend a movie based on a single scene alone? If it's The Forbidden Kingdom, the answer is an obvious "Yes."
Part of the charm, yes, is the goofiness of it all -- but the film would have been better if it were more cohesive, streamlined, and focused.
[Chan and Li] punch, kick, jump, and fall all over in an extended sequence that never feels too long.
The Forbidden Kingdom may lack the grace of Crouching Tiger or the grandeur of Hero, but [Rob] Minkoff's affection and respect for the film culture is genuine.
Ignore puff and nonsense about kung fu philosophy...and enjoy 'The Forbidden Kingdom' for the youth-oriented wish fulfillment that it is.
Chan is terrific in a familiar role and Li is right at home in the role of the warrior monk, though less so as the Monkey King; cheeky humor isn't his forte. But to see the two of them on screen together, even past their primes, is a delight
There's not much to get psyched about.
A drab exercise in poor storytelling, empty-headed characters, low-grade aesthetics, and forgettable action sequences. This isn't 'so-bad-it's-good' we're talking about; it's 'so-bad-it's-bad.'
While some of this material was drawn from Chinese legends, it still feels a bit half-hearted and as if it was cobbled together from bits of other movies.
At best, The Forbidden Kingdom counts as an amiable time-waster for kids, but much more should be expected from the momentous union of two kung-fu titans.
If it were executed with more energy or panache, it could have been something special, and that makes the disappointment that much harder to take.
Silly and satisfying, The Forbidden Kingdom is a juggernaut of beloved movie tropes complete with pumping-up montage of knuckle pushups.
For their first co-headlining film, Jackie Chan and Jet Li have chosen a rote piece of chop-socky that's liable to please only their most devoted fans. And even them, not so much.
The Forbidden Kingdom is for those who like plenty of kung fu action with an epic fantasy setting and a little humor thrown in. When all is said and done, the dream team combination of Chan and Li is just a nice bonus.
You know you're in a fantasy movie when the central character has to traverse time in search of the 'Monkey King.' If only you were in a good movie.
Hilarious... And cheeky and cheery and so popcorn-a-licious a fantasy historical action comedy that you want to stand up and cheer.
Finally, the pairing of Jackie Chan and Jet Li--in a story about someone else.
The worst part of the martial-arts epic The Forbidden Kingdom [is] a moment near the halfway mark when there arrives a gag that involves Chan getting a face full of urine. This kingdom really should be forbidden.
Pairing these two martial arts legends in a story that is essentially one long homage to the great Shaw Brothers films of yore allows The Forbidden Kingdom plenty of leeway for comic moments.
If you're in touch with your inner 12-year-old, don't be surprised if you find yourself smiling and cheering during the film's final scenes.
Every fight is more spectacular than the one before, and there's just enough of the playfulness of Chan's best brawls (this is more violent) to keep The Forbidden Kingdom laugh-out-loud light.
A juvenile piece of cultural appropriation, The Forbidden Kingdom doesn't even have the good manners to focus on the two martial-arts masters.
The Forbidden Kingdom may not be the martial arts masterpiece Kung Fu fans have waited two decades for, but the obvious good time shared by Jackie and Jet makes for a fun little action film that's very much worth a look.
Chan plays a drunk again and Li is a gay Hindu monkey king. See "Zombie Strippers" instead.
If this sounds like a knockoff of a million supernatural kung fu costumers ... well, it is. But the important thing is that it's a very good knockoff. Not only do [the filmmakers] clearly love the movies they're plundering, but they've done their homework
What gives this chop-socky journey high marks is its conceptual consistency and honesty toward the premise, elements that are so often substituted in lesser versions of the formula by tasteless exaggeration.
A reasonably entertaining throwback for the younger set, which nostalgic adults can also enjoy if they don't go expecting too much.
The fight scenes are fun, but the filler in between is deadlier than one of Li's lethal kicks.
This is the first collaboration between kung fu's Astaire and Kelly, and, as that, it disappoints.
The Forbidden Kingdom's high-flying exhilaration strikes the right note for the first onscreen pairing of action-movie legends Jet Li and Jackie Chan.
The Jackie/Jet pairing lives up to the hype, resulting in one of the best family adventure tales of recent memory.
A surprisingly well-paced and satisfying kung-fu adventure that honors its stars and treats their story respectfully.
An incredibly entertaining and satisfying action flick well worth the wait to finally see these two martial arts masters work together.
What promises to be a thrilling Clash of the Titans (due to first teaming of Chan and Li) turns out to be a mildly engaging, formulatic multi-generational saga of West meets East, more in the vein of Karate Kid than Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
Once past the clunky prologue, the film is great fun, with a good balance between computer effects and athleticism.
From a philosophical viewpoint it's fitting that the inaugural movie to unite martial arts legends Jackie Chan and Jet Li is a fantasy film for young teenagers. Forbidden Kingdom" may not be "Enter the Dragon," but it's not supposed to be.
Forbidden Kingdom serves up convoluted mythology with mild indifference.
While top-billed duo do indeed occupy plenty of screen time, this is basically the latest version of that post-Star Wars fantasy concept in which only a middle-class white teenage boy can save the universe from, y'know, Evil.
An unabashedly innocent, wide-eyed movie selling the ultimate in martial arts fantasy. It delivers beautifully.
Kingdom is a stiff, disturbingly ill-conceived fantasy film more consumed with playing slack-jawed fanboy than telling a compelling story worthy of these two giants.
Thank God Jackie Chan is still doing this. He brings back his drunken style, which even in a milder form is awesome.



@highlight

This hotly-anticipated pairing of martial arts legends Jackie Chan and Jet Li features dazzling fight scenes but is weighed down by too much filler.