"O'Horten" only really works when Odd encounters the assorted oddballs; elsewhere the film travels a bit too light.
It entertains from start to finish and tells a story that is not just fun but in its inimitably gentle way has something to teach us all as well.
If you can settle into [Baard Owe's] playful deadpan rhythms, a bittersweetly funny, existential mystery -- or call it a modest adventure, if that's not too oxymoronic -- awaits.
O'Horten won't be for everyone, but if you enjoy character-driven films that also treat the landscape as a character, this one has a certain charm and appeal.
It's a film whose pleasures come slowly, as we, like the title character, discover the joys he's missed. Best of all, we, like Odd the Norwegian bachelor, figure out it is never too late to start living.
O' Horten moves slowly, sometimes excruciatingly so, but its thematic center is strong: How do you run out the clock of life?
...a fable that relies less on fantastical transport than the defrosting of cool faculties; less on the titillation of the senses than the thawing of frozen hearts.
Hamer creates a quirky, beguiling, and very funny mood piece that reflects on age, adventure, uncertainty, and humanity. Owe gives the character of Horten an off-center dignity that will suggest comparisons to Jacques Tati and Buster Keaton
The decidedly Nordic -- though not at all glacial -- O'Horten is a mixture of sweetness and deadpan that proves the Kaurismäki/Andersson school of filmmaking still has new delights in store.
As an old man, Horten is a rare movie hero, but the director reminds us that other things are more ancient; in one scene, Horten hefts a meteorite that predates the sun, and in another scene, Strindberg is quoted: 'In due time, even the stars must fall.'
It's not conventional at all.
A spare and perfectly droll kinda-sorta comedy.
Episodic ... (but) reflective of life and the fluidity with which it passes.
This unremarkable fellow finds himself in some strange circumstances, thanks to the imagination of writer/director Bent Hamer.
The whimsy is never overplayed. The peculiar isn't teased at any character's expense.
This yarn about a train conductor whose life goes off track is Nordic to its bones: efficient, humane and droll in small measures.
Director Bent Hamer keeps things drily amusing throughout.
Thanks to the consistent deadpan tone that Hamer and Owe establish, it's oddly satisfying.
Pointedly strange and whimsical, O'Horten mixes the surreal with the mundane in its depiction of the retirement and eventual rebirth of a train engineer.
Bent Hamer has proved himself an apt pupil of such deadpan comic filmmakers as Jim Jarmusch and Aki Kaurismaki.
Quiet and lovely, its subtle pleasures reminded me of Erik Satie's 'Gymnopedie.'
Depending on your patience for oddball mood pieces, you will either sleep through O' Horten or be oddly captivated. Either way, it'll be like dreaming.
[Hamer] observes the exact and skewed detail, the oppressive but chimerical Norwegian bleakness, the look, the feel, and the profundity of the everyday.
Not quite the absurdist gem that was Bent Hamer's 2004 release, Kitchen Stories, the Norwegian director's O'Horten is nonetheless a deadpan delight.
O'Horten is a precise, deadpan drama of slapstick existentialism -- a Bent Hamer movie, in other words.
A gentle, deadpan comedy-drama...you shouldn't miss the opportunity to make the acquaintance of this wryly observant little film.
Whatever it all means, O'Horten is a bit of whimsy held together by the wonderful face of actor Bard Owe.
[Director] Hamer has a gift for observational comedy, previously demonstrated in the droll Kitchen Stories, and also for the exquisite framing of wintry images.
Filmmaker Hamer isn't being cruel here. He's trying to tell us that conquering the ridiculous is one of life's necessary joys.
Powered by lush cinematography, a moody score, and Owe's subtly majestic lead performance, O'Horten oscillates confidently between the mundane and the rapturously beautiful.
The thing about a deadpan comedy is, it must involve us in the lives of its characters, so we can understand why they are funny while at the same time so distant. O'Horten, a bittersweet whimsy by the Norwegian director Bent Hamer, finds that effortless.
Jack Nicholson's dyspeptic retiree in About Schmidt would no doubt identify with O'Horten's entertaining pain.
You invest yourself in the central character and, when the story ends as you hoped with its positive and happy ending, it is with a satisfying sigh of contentment.
A veteran actor of half-a-century's standing (and several Lars von Trier projects), his wry, detached decency is a large part of the film's charm as he greets his new life's surprises with calm, slightly puzzled good humor.
I like a wry, deadpan social comedy as much as the next person, but I need a little more than O'Horten's minimalist palette to get me going.
A small masterpiece of poignant deadpan humor.
Strangeness, humor and melancholy of aging are deftly explored.
A quiet, oddly serene movie with a curious soul.
Charming and beautiful looking, but just another mode of transportation for a stubborn old guy lurching through a series of unscheduled stops while finally learning to live.
Made up of meticulously constructed, deadpan scenes that turn on Keatonesque visual jokes.
Nothing about this film even hints at being rushed -- if there were a cinematic equivalent to the Slow Food movement, this would fit right in -- but that doesn't stop it from being all that you want it to be.
An unusual Norwegian film about a lonely and eccentric old man who discovers adventure and ample other surprises after retirement.
As O'Horten begins, it's clear that Horten will manage his retired life much the same as he has his working one, with consistent routines and a decided lack of improvisation.
Horten is a simple, inquisitive man, and through this likable scamp O'Horten demonstrates the nobility in both precision and curiosity.
Events unfold at an unfathomably cool pace, making Horten a comfortably numb cipher.
The movie, on its own modest terms, satisfies greatly.
Humor doesn't get much drier...this may be the most quietly funny film since Hamer's Kitchen Stories.
Writer/director Bent Hamer's humane, gently absurdist film has visual heft and beauty, plus a good-natured hero with whom moviegoers scattered across the age spectrum will be able to identify.
Despite one misstep and a telegraphed conclusion, "O'Horten" is an amusing peak into the Norwegian psyche...for a solitary man, Bård Owe makes Horten very good company indeed.
an acquired taste
What you make of Hamer's brand of quirkiness is very much a matter of taste. My experience was that the film was often on the brink of annoying me, yet never did.
The helicopter shots of Horten's train snaking its way through Norway's wintry wastes are beautiful.
The awkward courtship of these two tongue-tied singletons makes for a winning tragicomic romance, with a dab of magic realism, but it's not recommended as a date movie.
Oh, O'Horten, how wincingly affected you are.
Thoughtful, funny, slightly sad and superbly crafted.
A brilliantly pitched exercise in droll comedy with a tender message about seizing the day.
It's not always the most compelling piece of storytelling. It does, however, have a bittersweet appeal that fans of eccentric Northern European cinema will find hard to resist.
A pleasant, if undemanding film with some nice visual.
Even for Hamer, it's aimless, though, and you keep hoping the aimlessness is going to crystallise into a point. The film's frostbitten sense of mortality is something we're meant to feel in our bones.
Written, directed and produced by Hamer, O'Horten certainly suffers from the over-riding influence of one man's vision. And though it's a skilful, gentle piece of filmmaking, it's a shame that the storyline is as old and tired as Horten himself.
With its rich, mournful score and striking, snowy visuals this risks lapsing into suicidal miserablism, but emerges as something far more rewarding.
A film of dour but appealing charm.
For those of you who enjoy quirky European cinema, this Norwegian movie will provide a perfectly pleasurable way to spend 90 minutes.
Gently surreal to quizzically observant, fully deserving that lump.
O' Horten is a slow-burner - as gentle as a falling snow flake but filled with dry humour, warm smiles and melancholy reflections on the human condition. It leaves a lovely afterglow.
Hamer orchestrates all this with patient, near-minimalist skill, combining pawky comedy and plenty of heart. The result is a quirky story that remains in the mind.
Hamer brings little new to the table here, but it's nicely performed.
"O'Horten" is a potent and unpretentious movie full of simple joy.
A surrealistic Scandinavian jaunt to warm the coldest heart.
Enjoyable Norwegian comedy-drama with gorgeous photography, a pleasingly quirky script and a great performance from Bard Owe.
Well-intentioned piece of Norwegian whimsy may be too low-key for its own good.
A sweet effort in a low budget film, O'Horton is a calm experience into the near-panic of growing old.
A slow-moving, slightly absurdist look at a man in Norway who has begun his retirement.
Bent Hamer's unique blend of absurdist humour and aching melancholy has never worked better than in O' Horten.
More highly visual mood piece than sustained storytelling.
Succinct in its visualizations and crisp in its pacing, its deferential storytelling is in sync with its Odd subject.
Too cute by half, filled with myriad forced moments of magic, O'Horten attempts to cast a nuanced spell, but ends up making rather little impression at all.









@highlight

Bent Hamer's latest is a droll, deadpan comedy filled with strange touches and melancholy charm.