The film Hateship Loveship is a study in earnestness. To some degree that is a function of our times.
It's a film about healing; about burnt-out yang being weeded, fertilized, and watered by yin, to grow a relationship tree. But, like, a Charlie Brown Christmas tree.
Despite its seemingly canned plot, [it] commits to delivering a glimpse into that truth spiced with the joy of optimism rather than the easy placebo of certainty.
Hateship Loveship is by no means a bad film, but it's an unfortunately easy one.
Director Liza Johnston elicits some very affecting performances from her talented actors but these are in service to [Wiig's] rather colorless character whose blossoming is a bit hard to fall for.
...a remarkably delicate portrait of a shy, recessive but ultimately unsinkable woman entirely free of self-pity that confirms the remarkable watchability of Kristen Wiig.
Punchless drama stars a serious Wiig
My problem is I never believed what was happening was love.
A slow-to-develop but nonetheless tantalizing sampling of the depth of Kristen Wiig's talent, one that hints at what may to come from her.
Wiig's underplaying, a repressed otherworldly Sissy Spacek sort of thing, has its moments of humor, but this proud, simple woman is never for an instant comic.
It doesn't take long for us to get lost in Wiig's thorough portrayal of a dowdy housekeeper who must soldier on in the face of a cruel prank to find some kind of love in her life.
Kristen Wiig delivers a splendid dramatic performance here. She simply becomes a plain, unobtrusive woman with immense inner strength.
Another of the wan so-called 'indie' films that distributors accumulate at what must be some sort of post-Sundance clearance sale.
Liza Johnson's nicely tuned, and turned, adaptation of the Alice Munro short story "Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage."
We've never seen a protagonist quite like Johanna, who on the one hand personifies female self-abnegation at its most domesticated, but on the other embodies the sheer will at its most stubborn.
Short fiction can be a marvelous blueprint for film and revisiting Nobel Prize-winner Munro's story in this era of "catfishing" makes a lot of sense: People are no less desperate for connection than they ever have been.
Slow-moving drama has some sex, drinking, language.
The buttoned-up, buttoned-lipped Wiig seems to have landed in the Midwest from Mars, as though, like David Bowie before her, she's The Maid Who Fell to Earth
"Kristen Wiig's performance in "Hateship Loveship" is so beautifully muted it takes a while to appreciate the loveliness of the notes she's hitting."
Rather than sifting through the emotional layers of a surprisingly determined young woman, more often the scenes feel drained of life.
The people on screen are all worth watching, as is Johnson's directorial career.
This jumbled drama gets decent mileage out of actress Kristen Wiig but is hindered by a subpar script that fails to translate Munro's characterizations and intricate plotting to the screen.
The picture doesn't quite add up to anything in the end, but parts work as intended, with Wiig's subtle performance a great asset to director Liza Johnson.
If this is a Cinderella story, I'm sorry I went to the ball. A story centered on glorious natural talent Steinfeld? That could have been magic.
A touching drama based on a short story by Alice Munro about a housekeeper who takes a leap of faith.
The movie is downright somnambulistic, its pulse slowed to a barely-there tick.
What's supposed to be guileless and unformed starts to feel like shtick.
Even if the low-wattage hum of her lightly romantic drama eventually peters out, Johnson again proves herself an astute chronicler of human frailty.
Wiig offers a performance that is both fragile and vibrant, beautifully portraying Johanna's transformation from wallflower to risk taker.
This is a movie in which our worst pulp expectations are constantly being upended.
So many smart choices, meandering to a nothing conclusion.
Watching Kristen Wiig's lived-in and alive performance as this blunt, practical, and yet totally innocent woman is to be in the presence of something very very special.
When a script can't give even a drugged-out Jennifer Jason Leigh a tasty scene to chew on, it's playing just a little too nice.
When it comes to Hateship Loveship, jump ship.
Boy, does it try.
It's amazing how much this film does accomplish, given its modesty of both means and scale.
I hope this is Wiig's last sad-sack turn; it seems a waste to ignore those comic chops in the pursuit of this sort of Serious Acting.
Too bad "blahship" isn't an option. Because that sums it up.
Let's also hope that Kristin Wiig gets back to what she does best. Ditto the other fine actors in this flat, essentially anti-movie movie.
An absorbing, messy, modest story of damaged relationships.
A preposterous wish-fulfillment fantasy with an enormous void at its center.
Hateship Loveship is unimpressive as a whole, but it's stitched together with small, memorable touches [...]
Kristin Wiig's turn as a dowdy caretaker is the highlight of this contemporary American take on Cinderella.
It ultimately offers little more than another opportunity for famous actors to indulge their fetishistic, inadvertently condescending impressions of "everyday" people.
First and foremost, a vehicle for Kristen Wiig's transformative range as an actor. "Hateship Loveship" is a low-key gem.
A somber, monotonous cure for insomnia if there ever was one
The degree to which Hateship Loveship consistently meanders is nothing short of infuriating...
The movie (and Wiig's performance) proves to be a misfire -- a quirky, intriguing one, but a misfire all the same.
It's a tale of two women...coming of age, an observation on the scars left by loss, and an examination of a variety of characters who strive to live beyond the judgements and low expectations placed on them.
Like the world's longest advertisement for cleaning products, Hateship Loveship might well have come with the tagline: scrub your way to a better life.
The unique performance skills of Kristen Wiig prove to be as well-suited to a strange little drama like Hateship Loveship as they are to her beloved comedy.
Kristen Wiig is a revelation as a timid love-deprived victim who turns a tawdry prank into an opportunity.
Liza Johnson makes fine, steady progress with this delicate and absorbing character study starring Kristen Wiig.

@highlight

Kristen Wiig's vibrant performance is almost worth the price of admission -- and it has to be, because Hateship Loveship doesn't have much else going for it.