Sky High is the latest Disney teen comedy about the pitfalls of adolescent life, but is much, much better than it seems like it should be in large part due to its strong cast and assured direction.
Cartoony high school superhero drama; OK for tweens.
surprisingly clever, spirited and joyful
...achieves a miraculous level of kitchy zip thanks to its creative casting of Kurt Russell, Lynda Carter, and Bruce Campbell.
I'm a sucker for comic book movies, and "Sky High" won me over...
Just kind of a mildly entertaining footnote.
Here, teen empowerment takes on a very literal form, even if events never stray far from the world as envisaged in a John Hughes movie.
It might be aimed at teens, but Sky High is fun for parents, too.
Sky High is adolescent, in the best, age-appropriate sense of the word; it's like a John Hughes movie, but for tweens.
Carefully pitched to be watchable by the Breakfast Club generation and their young kids.
the film adds a superior level of irreverence that reminds me of films like Galaxy Quest.
...A movie based on a high school for super-powered teens may not have seemed like the savviest idea. Fortunately, Sky High isn't bad. In fact, it's surprisingly good.
Sky High pokes gentle fun at growing up, entering a new school, joining cliques, adjusting to friends and parents, dealing with peer pressure, and learning who you are.
The script crackles with funny, quotable dialogue and the plot has a lot of fun with the usual teen movie staples.
Even though Sky High is aimed at kids, everyone else should see it.
While originality is hardly the film's strongest suit, its agreeable mix of knowing spoof and kid-pleasing fantasy makes it considerably more engaging than some of the 'straight' superhero blockbusters we've suffered recently.
I never thought I'd say it, but I can't wait until this is turned into a TV series...
...as far as bringing a superhero angle to the real world, the Spider-Man franchise has done a more convincing job than this sitcom approach.
This inventive superhero movie hybrid (The Incredibles meet the X-men via Harry Potter) is one of the most entertaining family films of the summer.
There are enough characters in the clean cut satire 'Sky High' to spin-off a dozen Saturday morning TV series.
Bright and eager to please, it reworks themes and situations from teen films of a generation ago in a manner that makes a surprising amount of sense today.
In Sky High normalcy gets equated with privilege: This is teenage angst and competition as the kids of bigwig Hollywood players must have experienced it.
I anticipated going to this movie with a dread that was nearly "Sky High." But what a pleasant surprise!
Hogwarts for superheroes - the best family film of the year. Miss it at your peril; you never know how many super-villains are living on your street.
Stan Lee might not approve, but the script, by newcomer Paul Hernandez and Kim Possible creators Mark McCorkle and Bob Schooley, gets off some good lines
a winning combination of teen melodrama, quirky characters and superhero fantasy, almost tailor made for a long run as a Saturday morning TV show on the Disney Channel.
A very bright, amiable, warmhearted Disney family film that is hard not to like.
Finally, a summer family film that can (and did) hold the attention of my 5-year-old nephew without getting me in trouble with his parents.
Witty, wacky and played with conviction...Sky High soars with a vigor missing from 95% of movies released so far this year.
My 12-year-old self would have liked this movie a lot. The 25-year-old me likes it a bit more than he cares to admit.
There's nothing groundbreaking here, yet the film is light and fun, and there's a positive message for kids.
A pleasant enough collection of derivative predictability that's not without some minor charm of its own.
It's the sort of kid's fare that parents love to get: genuinely smart, genuinely funny, genuinely fun all around.
Unfortunately, there's too much deadweight in this listless, unfunny dreck - and it starts with the lead.
[A] pure, sweet pleasure ... It's fun. And given its baldly hybrid premise, that's pretty super in itself.
... un film de Disney avec juste un tout petit peu plus de mordant qu'à l'habitude.
Quaint, but funny, a clever and well-acted story plugged into a worn formula.
Exaggeration works for Sky High.
Any film about superheroes should be redundant but this movie offers a fresh, new take
It is subversive enough for kids to enjoy and mild enough that parents won't feel threatened.
...an unexpected treat, crossing the superhero saga with the teenage 'coming of age' comedy. It's a clever and often surprising mix that works.
The film makes up for the paper thin clichéd story-line by having fun with superhero mythology.
It's definitely for the kids, but there's enough in it to make it a watchable diversion for the rest of us.
Because Sky High opens with a fantastically entertaining half hour, it's hard not to be disappointed when the film morphs into a routine high school drama...
It's inoffensive and sports a positive 'be yourself' message that's obvious enough to be seen from space without benefit of hero-vision, but really, there's very little that's super about it.
Sky High is not quite what it could have been, but its positive attributes manage to overcome the villainous forces of boredom and lameness.
'Sky High' includes enough funny scenes and colorful characters to hold the interest of adults and youngsters alike.
We've already had "The Incredibles," "Harry Potter" and a half a dozen other films in similar veins over the past couple of years. We don't need this.
Bright colors contrast the usual superhero dark mode. That's a plus. But a script-by-committee turns Sky High into a John Hughes high school clone.
Merely child's play.
Smartly written and sprightly played, Sky High satisfies with a clever commingling of spoofy superheroics, school-daze hijinks, and family friendly coming-of-age dramedy.
Flying High on fun. Superhero teenage movie hilarious.
Harmless family comedy with welcomely loopy asides.
A didactic Disney kiddie comedy that filters run-of-the-mill high school through comic-book superhero conventions.
Funny, clever and even a bit inspirational, hinting at the potential for heroism in all of us.
With a crisp and snappy visual style and its smartly paced story, Sky High pulls an incredible feat in an age of dumbed-down kids comedies; it's as down-to-earth as it is super.
Sky High may set a record for ripping off more movies in just over an hour and a half than any other film in history.
The formula fizzles when you skimp on the ingredients. Sky High never achieves liftoff.
Sky High is a blast-off into good fun for the kids.
Takes camp to new levels of self-aware mediocrity.
An engaging and surprisingly sharp allegory about high-school hierarchies and adolescent growing pains.
A good-natured and witty mix of two modern film genres, Sky High is classic Disney filmmaking -- fanciful, family-friendly and, most importantly, fun.
To be honest, the whole thing looks a bit like an episode of television's Power Rangers.
Less discriminating, younger viewers may find Sky High amusing, but actual high school students are way beyond this kid stuff.
Cheesy as it is, the family comedy Sky High doesn't even approximate the texture of Kraft plastic-wrapped singles.
This is, indeed, another teen flick, a spotty, stodgily directed, though occasionally clever one, with several cardboard performances.
The climax, which involves the homecoming dance and a death ray, is frenzied in its effort to entertain, yet ultimately underwhelming, much like the movie as a whole.
Yes, the idea sounds derivative -- 'The Incredibles Go to Hogwarts' -- but [the] script spins that idea into interesting configurations.
High school sucks, especially when the bullies can toss you from wall to wall or throw fireballs.
A clever, cotton-candy- light self-parody to the superhero genre that's both effective and refreshing.
Sky High hasn't a single original idea in its bird brain.
High schoolers (who are shown chugging only soda pop at a supposedly rowdy party) will rule this movie lame, though early grade-schoolers might bite.
This is essentially an innocuous Disney gimmick movie, not entirely juvenile but still completely dependent on formula.
Surprisingly fresh and entertaining.
The movie offers good-spirited fun with a family tilt.
Squeaky clean, but not to a nauseating degree, Sky High is engaging enough for the whole family to enjoy.
There's nary an original bone in its cinematic body... and it is movie-licious nevertheless: very clever and visually hilarious, it's a simple, charming delight.
If you thought Hogwarts was the only secret school for extraordinary kids, welcome to the amusing, yet cheesy Sky High.
Sky High soars
Dissatisfying to an adult audience accustomed to more sophisticated parody....will resonate with young viewers on their way to high school.
... A potentially puerile Disney movie turned into something we all can enjoy.
A not-so-subtle metaphor about popularity and puberty.
Director Mike Mitchell and his writing team have a lot of fun tweaking the conventions of the contemporary teen movie.
The Incredibles it ain't, but Sky High will do nicely.
A family-friendly and legitimately enjoyable Disney flick.
I had a ball with Sky High, and I suspect that lots of stunned moviegoers are going to walk out of the flick feeling the exact same way.
Disney's kid flick about a superhero high school isn't groundbreaking, but it is great family fun with a strong cast and a nice sense of entertainment.
The humor is not necessarily subversive, but it is often subtle and cleverly conceived, which is a super feat indeed.
The film struggles constantly just to maintain mediocrity.
It's Harry Potter meets The Incredibles minus the memorable characters, hearty laughs, great writing and all around movie goodness.
a dull, kid-friendly regurgitation of readily available (and superior) iconographic comics
Mike Mitchell directs scenes in big, bright comic-strip panels: colorful and exaggerated, with everything spelled out in veritable word balloons.
a lively and lightweight adventure that finds the elusive middle ground between comedy and comic-book heroics that the makers of 'Fantastic Four' never did.
Although it aims for Spy Kids and The Incredibles territory, this family entertainment is strictly for those too young to attend the titular institution.
Director Mike Mitchell deftly blends two genres -- the high school romance and the special-effects-laden superhero comic book adaptation -- and manages to spoof yet salute both with a refreshing lack of pretension.
This zippy Disney adventure-comedy asks that age-old question, 'Is there life after high school?,' and answers it with a cheerful 'Not really.'
An amiable and satisfying romp that will put a smile on the face of viewers young and old.
Sky High is too hopelessly contrived for its actors to be able to make it work.
This movie about a high school for superheroes is so good-natured and self-deprecating that it's virtually impossible to dislike the thing.
It cleverly puts the perils of adolescence on the same level with fights against monsters and giant robots and bad guys who want to take over the world.
The creators of Sky High have their finger expertly placed on their movie's pulse.
The clever script finds the fun while Michael Angarano keeps the emotions real as a kid who learns that real friends don't care if you're a star.
Confident and strong, directed with enough of an edge to be interesting, written with heart and a genuine wit.
A brightly entertaining teenage comedy as frothy and predictable as cotton candy, but also just as sweet.
Sky High is a diverting family comedy that at its best aims to be a live-action Incredibles and at its middling a live-action episode of Kim Possible.
By today's whiz-bang standards, may seem a tad tame and old-fashioned, but it's a harmless trifle whose easy-going, undemanding tone should appeal to younger viewers.
Sky High doesn't make any big statements. In fact, modesty is a big part of its appeal - even its cheesy special effects add to the warm, homey quality it strives for and achieves.
Worried it might be redundant given Incredibles? Worry Not. Sky High stands mightily on its own, albeit employing a standard formula. I had a great time.
...avoids originality as if it were an infectious disease.
A lighthearted, albeit sanitized, teen movie that marries 1960s kitsch to 1980s angst with sharp one-liners, sight gags and a lunatic-fringe supporting cast of comedians.
Sky High is funny, smart, energetic, subversive, and has a few substantive things to say.
A cliché-dependent Disney cheapy that aims no higher than the unsophisticated standards of its pre-adolescent target audience -- and somehow succeeds in spite of itself.
While there's little substance in front of the camera, there's somehow less behind it.
Any time you can get the strong chins of Bruce Campbell and Kurt Russell in a movie together you should.
A derivative and unappealing comedy about superheroes and their sidekicks in training.
The flick is best in its bittier moments (watch for the stellar cameos), and there's nothing to trouble the tots.
Silly and sweet, Sky High is a delightfully over-the-top kids' movie that is a good antidote for the typically pretentious super hero picture.
Takes the tried-and-true route of bullies, PG-rated house parties, nerd-dunking, "That's my boy" winking, and vapid teen romance.
A likable mix of laughs and wacky action sequences.









@highlight

This highly derivative superhero coming-of-age flick is moderately entertaining, family-friendly fluff.