The film itself stands alongside other contemporary films as an example of how science fiction can be used to comment on the world it exists in at the same time as being a very entertaining spectacle.
Williams gives a sensitive portrayal of a man hounded by the media and consigned to a freak's world, whose descent into being and nothingness provides a memorable climax.
A case of tangible metamorphosis and spiritual expansion, a unique Jack Arnold mastery
A pretty terrific example of its genre, despite some rather obvious and avoidable flaws of story structure.
Earns its ponderous tone, and the final moments are as fitting as they are unexpected.
Director Jack Arnold works up the chills for maximum effect by the time Williams is down to two inches and the family cat takes after him.
Notable for its relatively intelligent script, for some imaginatively amusing special effects, and for an existential streak which finally has our (tiny) hero pondering the meaning of existence.
Surprisingly provocative 50's sci-fi that goes beyond the thrilling spider battle
A moving, strangely pantheist assertion of what it really means to be alive. A pulp masterpiece.
A pulp gem.
Unless a viewer is addicted to freakish ironies, the unlikely spectacle of Mr. Williams losing an inch of height each
One of the landmark sci-fi efforts of the 1950s
One of the best s-f flicks of the 1950s. A tragic story that is exciting and touching.
Sparse direction allows the tension to build naturally so that the terror and poignancy of the story work their way into the audience's brain without being forced. A total classic.
Clever, but pretentious
All-time sci-fi classic.
The special effects and trick photography are cleverly done (for its time). Also, the story is intelligently handled.
The surreal intensity of outsize objects that loom as the hero shrinks is handled effectively, and the mystical happy ending is a better payoff than one would expect of the genre.





@highlight

A curiously sensitive and spiritual addition to the Universal Monsters line-up, tacking on deep questions about a story who is shrinking to death.