Overall, Downsizing feigns at many themes and embraces none, a sampler platter of personal growth, consumerism, climate change, fresh starts, and apocalypse survival.
It's a smart idea, and Payne uses the first third of his film to investigate it from many different angles-psychologically, environmentally, even scientifically.
We have a movie that establishes its premise impressively well before ultimately losing its intrigue and sheen as things play out.
Just when Downsizing seems to be cruising on a steady track, it starts fracturing, fragmenting, and spinning out in multiple, largely unexpected, and almost wholly unsatisfying directions.
It's a preachy, dishonest film that practices a continual narrative sleight of hand to keep you from zeroing in on its mushy allegorical meaning.
There's a weird love story between them [Paul and Ngoc Lan Tran] inserts itself into an already boring plot. But even that is not as alarming as the hyperbole thrust in our faces.
A touching piece of high-concept science fiction with a twisted sense of humor.
Sometimes a change of perspective helps a person to better understand the world, and Downsizing makes it literal. [Full review in Spanish]
...an exquisite cast, probably one of the most intelligent comeidies of the year. [Full Review in Spanish]
Christoph Waltz and Hong Chau feature in a fine cast but the entire plot meanders too much in search of decent narrative hinge. The middle act is in particular need of a boot up the rear.
The really sobering economy of scale about this overlong auteur indulgence is that it cost $68 million to make and none of that money went on a script doctor.
The most ambitious and least convincing film of Nebraska's talented filmmaker [Alexander Payne]. [Full Review in Spanish]
The intentions were good, but nothing worth remembering. [Full Review in Spanish]
But the movie which starts with incredible promise and is utterly engrossing then morphs inexplicably into a completely different film halfway through. And so here we are, disappointed and bewildered, reading a three-star review.
There are good things in this small package but the two genres never quite fit together.
An ingenious and original premise. [Full Review in Spanish]
While Downsizing is not not about the end of human life on earth, it confronts the prospect with minimal sentiment, and uses it to ask questions about what the good life might consist of, here and now.
With his latest film, Alexander Payne finds himself teetering uncomfortably atop a high-concept device and wrestling with tonal clashes.
It's not mankind that's been shrunk, it's Payne's conception.
There are some funny lines here, but the story rambles inordinately.
... with a premise this ingenious, one wishes Downsizing as a whole was too.
You admire the ambitious storytelling and the craftsmanship of its execution.
It simply does not work.
For all the high concept wonders at work, Payne can't seem to break out of his own rut.
Because instead of continuing with the wonderfully ridiculous notion of observing a 13cm man try and win back his 165cm wife, Payne decides to deliver a thunderously dull and miserable sermon on the human condition.
The clever concept morphs into an ineffective and heavy-handed satire in which Matt Damon's character and a Vietnamese immigrant go on an adventure that rivals the excitement one would feel watching itty bitty blades of grass grow.
It offers a jumble of barely explored, quarter-baked ideas attached to a laborious plot.
It starts out quick, sharp and funny and ends as a solemn and slow-moving leviathan: a movie overwhelmed by its own ecological and human implications ...
A disappointing film made watchable thanks to solid performances and some constantly polite chuckles.
The idea is wonderful, but it feels as though Payne doesn't quite know what to do with it once his characters are in place.
Despite the bloated running time and the sometimes unnerving tonal jumps, Downsizing is an ambitious, frequently funny, intricately detailed movie that is, for the most part, entertaining and thought provoking.
Dare we say that this once admired indie writer-director, who made Exhibition, Sideways and About Schmidt, is developing a humourless streak?
It's a state-of-the-nation address by stealth, wry and wide-reaching.
A smart, thought-provoking miniature piece.
I usually love Payne, but his bloated Downsizing (all 135 minutes of it) needs trimming all around.
Payne's lm is full of invention, wit, great scenes and big - if not fully realised - intentions. Downsizing may be about a small world, but it is an audacious, out-sized peach of a picture.
No small achievement. Alexander Payne re-confirms his position as one of US cinema's premier filmmakers.
A thoroughly bizarre misfire...
The film, fortunately, ends up finding its center. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Downsizing is director Alexander] Payne's ultimate revenge on American film tradition. His inability to imagine an original story - to move an audience's basic aspirations without guilt - is another sign of decadence.
... a spectacular premise that loses shape... [Full review in Spanish]
... an acute piece of social satire... [Full review in Spanish]
Oddly for a film about the ecological benefits of keeping things small, Downsizing suffers from a curious case of bloat.
Matt Damon spends far too much of this film in awe, and rather than make you think, it is simply boring.
The movie is a scattershot collection of large-scale ideas framed by the irony of its premise, but never reaches its potential for satire or commentary.
Working from an audacious idea conceived by his long-time collaborator Jim Taylor, co-scenarist and director Alexander Payne (Nebraska) has pulled off one of the great cinematic accomplishments of the new millennium.
While it dithers in what it wants to eventually say, it is certainly a fun watch.
Payne and co-writer Jim Taylor don't tack enough inches on to what could have been a nifty idea for our greed-filled times.
Right now, Downsizing is ahead of its time, understandably rejected by audiences (and in an unbelievable betrayal, also by the critics). They should pick on someone their own size.
A science fiction fable that is actually less naive than it seems... [Full review in Spanish]
Everything is a little on the nose and the burgeoning relationship between Paul and Tran is not interesting enough to sustain the social commentary. That is made worse when the story moves into an apocalyptic tangent in the third act.
But [Alexander] Payne and co-writer Jim Taylor maintain their sense of humor, even if the film ultimately feels less like satire and more like a poignant brief for humanism
Then, just when you settle into the film's preachy message about class and racial divisions, Payne throws another curveball in the final act, where Downsizing become a climate change advocate. By that time, it is too late in the game for you to care.
It attempts...to be a wacky science fiction, a humanistic love story with a sci-fi premise, satirical social commentary, and even dabs of race and white privilege discussions. But in the end, it's too loosely spread out to fully succeed at any of these.
It has way too much ground to cover, and doesn't know how to cover it.
By making the political such a sharply zig-zagging personal quest, Downsizing quietly, impressively upgrades the social-issues drama for our troubled times.
Although not everything about Downsizing is perfect, it proves Alexander Payne's strengths as a visual storyteller and his commitment to social realities.
... Payne and his co-writer Jim Taylor to tell a story with multiple and unexpected elements within a well determined and defined framework. [Full review in Spanish]
Boring, Tedious and Dreary
The first half of the movie is pretty good but then it all goes to hell.
The trailer is one great big fake-out and, after the second act, the film lurches off in a completely different direction. And despite its tonal issues, it is very watchable.
This is a funny, touching romantic comedy about a hard-headed man who luckily finds himself surrounded by wise friends who help him find his way in life. He finds love and purpose in life, despite his foolish plans.
It maintains emotional grounding amid the abundant quirks and contrivances and adeptly steers its story in unexpected directions. The performances are terrific throughout.
Downsizing would have been compromised if it had been designed to please everybody; Payne's undiluted vision is admirable, and you almost owe it to him to try it out.
The result is a convoluted satire with so many critiques and messages, it's pointless rather than pointed.
This movie's many issues outweigh its attributes so significantly I can't help but feel like this will go down as one of the year's most frustrating disappointments.
Payne has a way of making amusing movies, from Election to Nebraska. His new movie has plenty of high-concept promise, but it doesn't gel as a whole.
It has so much potential, and yet still finds a way to waste it all. A slog.
With a little more focus, Downsizing might feel like a more satisfying film.
Downsizing does the bare minimum with its out-of-the-box concept, telling a story that's dull and uninteresting in execution.
It's a quiet, thoughtful, funny and kind film - the type of movie that's not made often enough in this age of explosive grandeur.
If humanity is doomed to fall down the ravine, it is better to be in good company to see the world burn.
It's just too bad in its rush to get small and cheeky, it didn't take stock more globally.
Clever surprises flow without strain into goofy jokes, parodic riffs into sad absurdities, and all seem light enough to blow away, never to be missed.
Really disappointing or, as one wag quipped, 'Honey, they shrunk the fun!'
A dramedy about an ordinary man given the choice to become a bodhisattva.
It's a shame that the director/co-writer's philosophy is less fascinating than his set designs.
An ambitious effort, one that whiffs spectacularly in a way that only the most ambitious efforts can
The film, having launched a sprightly comic conceit, lets it glide away.
A flawed but thought-provoking high-concept satire that offers a new perspective of life as we know it - for better, bigger or smaller.
Hong Chau's performance is superb, and she roots the movie in emotions that heretofore had largely been missing.
"Downsizing" is an edgy comedy that's more goofy than impactful.
Stumbles as it bravely side-steps the obvious comedy potential of its marvelous premise and aims for something more meaningful...Enlivened no end by the performance of Hong Chau, who plays a Vietnamese agitator.
...a science-fiction comedy that goes off in so many directions that it ends up being pointless.
'Downsizing' suffers from more mood changes than a holiday dinner with ornery relatives, not to mention a third straight Matt Damon performance to leave fans scratching their heads.
Ultimately, I have no doubt that Downsizing will appeal to certain people not bothered by its tone-deafness. However, for those of us who would probably end up cleaning Barbie's Dream House instead of living in it, the film strikes the wrong chord.
The poignancy and ambition were there, even if the execution didn't always hit the mark.
Tiny humans should be able to jump like fleas - musculature versus mass. I mention this because I couldn't help imagine a more entertaining movie in which Matt Damon leaped tall (to him) buildings at a single bound.
Alexander Payne's softening over the years has been one of cinema's slow-motion tragedies.
The script's arching idea is that the world is populated by people who feel emotionally smaller than you because of far graver social problems. Size is relative in this world.
"Donwsizing" a bit sloppy but on point.
Alexander Payne will do good work again, but Downsizing is more than a tiny blemish on his resume.
Perhaps its flaws seem greater because the entire enterprise is so bold, imaginative, funny, troubling and daring. You want it to be a masterpiece but it falls a little short.
The best thing that one can possibly say about Downsizing is that it is such a mess that it feels as if Payne is getting rid of all of his bad ideas in one fell swoop as a way of clearing the creative decks.
It's a movie in which too-muchness ends up being not-enoughness, since the script lacks a vital center.
[Director Alexander] Payne [is] wrestling with big ideas about climate change and human rights. Those big ideas just don't always fit comfortably in a small package.
Downsizing never quite goes where you think it's going, and normally, I'd say that's a plus. But confounding expectations only goes so far. You still have to get to a place worth getting to.
Isn't as big as the britches it pretends to wear.
Less isn't really more, but there's an intriguing premise at the heart of Alexander Payne's affecting and surprisingly sweet Downsizing.
Payne's brand of prickly humanism is on full display here; he seems to revel is the notion that it's only when we're uncomfortable that we have any chance at being good.
Damon, Waltz and brilliant Hong Chau save conceptually flawed Alexander Payne sci fi satire.
It sounds ridiculous and up until Hong Chou's appearance, it was no better than all right. When she appears it's as sparkling as a shooting star. She brings a life and esprit to the film that it sorely needs.
Downsizing sets itself up as interesting social satire, and that part of the movie is interesting, but it gets overshadowed by a much more dull story that jettisons the premise almost entirely.
While the whole thing looks interesting and there's no shortage of provocative ideas, it all seems to float off into one big muddle.
If Payne had landed the mix of genres, Downsizing could have been a masterpiece. Spoiler (small print not required): He does not.
Unfortunately, the central character is as small figuratively as he is literally, and that limits the movie's capacity to enthrall and engage.
Decent enough to earn a slight recommendation...I just wish the filmmakers had figured out a way to make it all come together better. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
Very quickly devolves into a bland story about a nondescript khaki-wearing guy who learns to care about the less-fortunate.
The film's Oscar hopes shrink so quickly you'd think it's a meta part of the movie.
Downsizing thinks it's playing with fire but is really just rubbing two twigs together and hoping for the best.
Little people. Big ideas. Massive misfire.
Downsizing is the second failed social satire of 2017 prominently featuring Matt Damon... so much of it is aimless, unfortunately ending up a boring waste of time
Downsizing is one of my favorite films this year. I am an unabashed admirer of Alexander Payne and his writing partner Jim Taylor, because they deal in a commodity that's all too rare: social satire
The movie's few ideas circle around each other without going anywhere.
Writer-director Alexander Payne has made a lot of great films in the past but Downsizing is not one of those films.
. While director Alexander Payne has long been fascinated with ordinary guys struggling with their lot in life, the theme doesn't quite work in this ambitious but messy sci-fi-esque comedy.
Stimulating, funny, with the loopy, unpredictable, melancholy plot line of something by Charlie Kaufman.
I guess that Payne wanted to transcend satire and find something human, but in the attempt, the movie loses touch with its resourcefulness. It becomes ... well ... downsized.
Director Alexander Payne's well-earned reputation for sharp satire and keen observation takes a bad beating with Downsizing, a thoroughly disjointed and misguided collaboration with longtime writing partner Jim Taylor.
In the hands of director Alexander Payne, this wonky, Swiftian satire takes a few somewhat banal turns. Rather than a fully fleshed-out tale, we wind up with a collection of three closely linked short stories.
Damon is in prime everyman mode as Paul, a good guy with a good heart who wouldn't mind catching a break, a big break, just once.
Alexander Payne's Downsizing is a tour-de-force.
The movie's heart is in a socially-conscious place when the high concept demands something fundamentally different.
Aches with noble intentions and laudable aspirations. Watching it fail to come to fruition creates a similar ache in the viewer.
... its unwieldy, occasionally baffling progression has a charm all its own.
So brutally long, and takes so many right-angle doglegs, it's difficult to imagine that earlier screenplay drafts were thrown out; things just keep being tacked on.
It's the rare movie that seems to execute every part of its concept absolutely wrong; a narrative, tonal, visual and sociopolitical fiasco the likes of which haven't been seen in many moons.
Its saving grace is the loopiness of its basic idea.
The film then wanders into murky, puzzling territory, leaving viewers to wonder exactly what the story was all about.
The strength of [director Alexander Payne's] movies has always lain in his ability to compress big themes into intimate stories, lit with sharp and sometimes poignant insights about the vagaries of human nature.
It's as if Payne and Taylor were blinded by their original concept and ignored the rest of the script. As a result, the second and third acts play like the two just threw up their hands in desperation and said, 'screw it.'
Whenever Downsizing starts to get too big for its britches, the thoughtful, warm-hearted normalcy of Damon and Chau's characters shines through.
Downsizing offers Payne his biggest conceptual canvas yet, but ironically feels like his smallest movie to date.
Alexander Payne, director and cowriter of Downsizing, will never be accused of thinking too small.
Ultimately, it all feels like a wasted opportunity, as we've seen much better from Payne, Damon, Wiig, Waltz, and Sudeikis.
The premise is absurd to the max, but Payne delivers a comedy for those who enjoy contemplating bigger themes behind the laughs along with an ending that is aptly sublime.
Dense with captivating ideas and visual feats, Downsizing is a packed offering whose oversized ambitions may outstrip its accomplishments.
As the movie grinds on, Payne tries to steer it into a parable about climate change and the refugee crisis, issues that sit heavily on its flimsy, jokey premise.
In 'Downsizing' Payne is, ironically, working on a larger scale than in the past, but his sharply honed focus on human foibles and failings remains intact.
There's no doubt about one thing: the director's considerable talent is on full display here. Let him keep shifting; we'll keep watching.
Downsizing delivers great visual effects without taking it overboard.
The film's characters may be the ones who are literally downsized, but it's the script that seems to have gotten a pink slip.
Downsizing's coda has been designed to tell us precisely how and what to feel about what we've seen, and it makes an otherwise admirably sprawling, discombobulating movie feel that much smaller as a result.
Where Downsizing starts to get interesting is in Paul's transition from happy miniature cog in the consumerist machine to a seeker of some broader truth.
It's hard not to at least appreciate the effort of a movie that wears its environmental message, along with its enormous heart, on its little, Ken Doll-sized sleeve.
Like life, Downsizing drags a bit in the last third and it isn't nearly as fun at the end as it is at the beginning, but there are some incredible moments along the way.
It's a surreal comedy that never goes for easy laughs but works in every scene to reach you on a deeper visceral level.
The movie is a surprise, the good kind, an instance of a filmmaker zigging just when you're expecting him to zag.
You never quite know where "Downsizing" is going, and that is by design: Payne is unafraid to cultivate destabilization in his audience that some members will find off-putting, others liberating.
It's hard not to appreciate the visual and thematic scope of "Downsizing's" reach. But it's harder not to see the chasm between its strange, misshapen story and the grand, towering vision to which it aspires.
Inventiveness only goes so far.
The movie resembles an episode of "The Twilight Zone" directed by Preston Sturges. An outlandish, pointedly allegorical conceit is inhabited not by symbolic figures but by terrestrial oddballs.
Although the sci-fi trappings of Downsizing make it seem like a big departure from Payne's previous work - The Descendants, Sideways, About Schmidt - it is the same in important ways.
In a multiplex full of sequels and retreads "Downsizing" does stand out. Much of Payne's political satire does hit the mark and hit it well.
Alexander Payne is 'credited' with directing the film, but it's clear that he was bound, gagged, thrown in a locker and left for dead the moment Matt Damon's character makes the jump to Smallville.
With this deeply flawed, humanistic film, Payne proves to be very much like his main character: They're both trying to do their best, even if their aim isn't always true.
Payne is uncharacteristically constipated when it comes to securing the whimsy and potent dramatic undercurrent of the material.
Co-writer and director Alexander Payne takes an intriguing premise and inexplicably flushes it down the toilet.
Better an overabundance of interesting ideas than a lack of them. Payne can't quite fit them together perfectly, but it's a worthwhile effort trying.
Part satire, part domestic drama, part political commentary, and almost all a disjointed mess.
By the end, "Downsizing" is one of those great ideas that should have just stayed an idea.
The film's ultimate message - help other people, basically - is, while useful and necessary, dramatically rather slack ...
Unfortunately, the structure is a mess. It feels like a series of scenarios strung together, without cohesive light at the end of the tunnel.
The film is a massively muddled mess of ideas that might have made more of an impact if Matt Damon's performance wasn't so painfully bland.
It's curious that so bold a film as Alexander Payne's apocalyptic cli-fi satire Downsizing fails because of a fundamental lack of nerve. Yet here we are.
By the end, Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor have essentially abandoned altogether the idea of a world where shrinking is commonplace - unimaginatively, and at punitive length, decimating their visionary idea into "Honey, I Shrunk the Midlife Crisis."
The pure ambition of the story - and the inquisitive and contemplative manner in which it is told - is laced with a sincerity that is rare in a Hollywood production.
Alexander Payne's sci-fi comedy-drama is half-brilliant and half-meandering, but never boring.
Payne has cast this film perfectly with Damon an ideal fit as Paul, and Wiig nicely underplaying her comic predicament.
[Alexander] Payne and his collaborators have not shrunk from any challenge.
The result is a dadaist swirl of satire, pie-eyed whimsy, and speculative futurism - like Gulliver's Travels through the wrong end of a telescope.
Payne's latest is big on laughs early on as its premise is established. Over the course of 135 minutes, however, the filmmaker widens his thematic net with diminishing returns.
After having gone to great lengths to explain its premise, Downsizing thus shifts gears about halfway through, becoming a pretty good movie, just not exactly the one you'd been watching until then.
Matt Damon and Alexander Payne go small with mixed results.
By turns exceptional and merely amusing.
Alexander Payne's new sci-fi comedy, about a near future in which humans can opt to "go small," squanders its big ideas in record time.
Payne deserves credit for trying something outside of usual, reality-based, Omaha-set comfort zone. But what he actually got onscreen don't match his huge ambitions.
Absolutely stupendous: smart, funny, poignant, a true original. A thrilling odyssey of ideas that takes its sci-fi concept to the very edges of extrapolation.
Payne wastes a lot of big name talent on this bleak bomb
I think Payne and Taylor got carried away with their vehicle. I can't say that I blame them, but I wish they hadn't used it to take us on a 135 minute ride to someplace that is less interesting instead of exploring their starting point more thoroughly.
Downsizing becomes yet another story about a white male protagonist who gets redeemed through his interactions with a person of color who guides him along the way, opening his eyes to the real world. Oh, please.
Alexander Payne returns to the path of his first satirical comedies-'Citizen Ruth' or 'Election'- in this sort of Modern Gulliver's Travels. [Full review in Spanish]
With deeply felt performances from Matt Damon and Hong Chau and startling special effects in miniature, Alexander Payne's sci-fi satire brims over with the pleasures of the unexpected.
Downsizing's scaled-down characters, however, still offer a fresh and original perspective on mankind's greatest dilemma.
It's not very funny, it's not very dramatic. There's a spark of intelligence here, a valid critique of doomsday culture and escapism, but it's the sort of message you can easily get off of a cocktail napkin.
A toothless, lackluster, and underwhelming satire that's less than the sum of its parts. It's a great idea, poorly executed. That said, Hong Chau gives a radiant, breakthrough performance that will put her on the map.
This movie is boring, tone-deaf, and infuriating. But it does make an unexpected point about Damon's persona. (Though that was probably not Payne's intention.)
"Downsizing" runs out of steam long before it's over.
Does not work as either satire or entertainment.
Profound humanistic insight. [Full Review in Spanish]
the caring Paul, taken advantage of by others all his life, finds love while being taken advantage of, the film's most decent character finding redemption. It's all a little odd, not unlike John Patrick Shanley's 1990 "Joe Versus the Volcano."
There are forty minutes of A+ movie here. Then the story you came to see is tossed in the garbage can and replaced with a different one.
Downsizing, starring a small-in-stature Matt Damon, gives short shrift to its many big ideas.
The production does a decent job in creating the small people's world and the special effects are good, though not as remarkable as in the 1957 little person classic, "The Incredible Shrinking Man."
As the feature endeavours to shrink humanity down to size, while demonstrating that urges, emotions and actions don't dwindle with them, its grasp exceeds its reach.
The midsection of Downsizing is something quite wonderful...But once Payne and co-writer Jim Taylor have established their characters, Downsizing hits a speed bump.
The movie's heart is in the right place-it's about learning compassion-but you'll wish the preachiness had been downsized, too.
The absurd dramedy's socially conscious aims, fantastical whimsy and heartfelt sentiments curdle by films end, becoming disingenuous, exploitative and utterly sluggish.
Downsizing is a failure of imagination.
... definitely one of the most original and interesting films of this year so far. [Full review in Spanish]
Downsizing is engaging and well acted enough to warrant your investment.
The film works best when Payne exposes the egotism and self-righteousness of the small-world denizens; where it stalls a little is when the critique threatens to turn the whole feature into a moral parable.
Payne and co-writer Jim Taylor whiff it...[Downsizing] is also one of Payne's least attractive films from a technical perspective.
It's a dramedy that will leave you feeling the same sense of bemusement that you get whenever you hear the word 'dramedy'.
It works best as a series of fun vignettes about downsizing - all enjoyable.
As a satire on lifestyle envy and the emptiness of consumerism, the film is sharp as a tack.
Throughout the first act, I found myself immersed which, thanks to some incredible special effects, have you discovering a whole new world, unlike anything I have seen before. However, the film's second half is another story.
Alexander Payne's latest lands with a tiny, depressing thud.
Downsizing doesn't work as a movie, despite having its heart in the right place. Its satire falls flat.
Downsizing is a disappointing film about a supremely interesting topic thanks to a shift in direction that's far more basic than the idea of a shrinking man suggests.
The success of the execution is questionable; there are entire scenes and subplots that don't land at all. But there's no denying or dismissing the picture's ambition.
Payne has just strived to accomplish a little too much, and perhaps like his characters, he needs to think just a little smaller.
As a filmmaker's ambitious attempt to wrestle with big, answerable questions, Downsizing is an interesting artifact. As an actual movie, though, it's an awkward misfire.
Turns out happyland is not all it's cracked up to be. Neither is this shallowly conceived and flat comedy/sci-fi satire that feels like an SNL skit run amuck.
A sentimental, meandering tale in which all the little fleeting pleasures don't quite constitute a satisfying whole.
A terrific first hour gives way to a messy, unfocused second half.
There's so much to love about Downsizing, in its self-aware dialogue, its consciously corny gags, its sense of creativity and adventure, and its vivid creation of an entire new world.
It's so singular that you shouldn't miss it.
Has the deceptive appearance of a quirky Charlie Kaufman-like sci-fi political tale, but it wastes its brilliant concept on a misguided, uninteresting story.
If you want to simply laugh at Downsizing, you can. In fact, the film changes lanes so many times that just sitting back and enjoying the wild ride is a perfectly reasonable strategy.
The biggest problem with Downsizing isn't that it's bad, it's that it's the wrong movie about the wrong character, and starring the wrong person.
Downsizing is messy, inconsistent and noisy in its many messages, but there's something so refreshingly heartfelt about it all.
An evolving story about self discovery, complimented by ecological worries and an unexpected, but always fresh, romance. [Full review in Spanish]
Payne's heart might have been in the right place with this one, but the execution feels flippant at best.
The first act of Downsizing is a rich and hilarious "what if?" that digs into all the social ramifications of this strange technology actually being real.
Alexander Payne's defenders might call his often acidic touch Swiftian, though it comes off more toothlessly noncommittal.
Throughout Downsizing, I kept asking myself what the point of all of this was, never engaged by its hodgepodge of themes. I wish the filmmakers had asked that question too.
Downsizing is less a fully-formed satire than a clever idea stranded in first draft and stretched uncomfortably to feature length.
A beautiful, confounding creation.
Downsizing is Alexander Payne's most ambitious movie, but that also might be his worst enemy.
Downsizing is a movie that thinks it's smarter than you by a filmmaker who thinks it's all right to have this sort of Asian character as long as he cushions the racial slapstick with a facile, heavily-mocked liberal agenda.
Goes soft and strangely condescending on us, coming within perilous distance of white-savior tradition as Damon becomes the change he'd like to see in the new world.
... "Downsizing" is rife with witty visual touches and inspired comic premises but never quite comes together as fully successful whole.
There are honestly two different films here and the second one is almost unbearable to sit through.
...interesting, but a missed opportunity for something grander.
This is a film where helping other people and being empathetic are the true road to salvation and happiness rather than winning 'bigly'.
Downsizing is arguably the most flawed of Payne's work, but despite its apocalyptic overtones, it's also his most optimistic.
Downsizing is a self-satisfied sci-fi nothingburger that shies away from its early suggestiveness and goes as deep as your average Black Mirror episode.
A wizard idea, Downsizing is often very funny and deadpan - but it develops its concept lazily, abandoning its initial satire for heartfelt sentiment.
A razor-sharp sci-fi satire mostly on American materialism, but also on humanity's infinite capacity to warp even the best inventions by using them to service greed and cruelty.
The message almost swallows the movie but Payne knows when to pull back and undercuts the growing tide of schmaltz with little absurdist touches.
Everyone will agree that Payne and his co-writer, Jim Taylor, have paid close attention both to the big picture and the tiny details.
Alexander Payne's gentle satire has a point to make about the state of the union - and the future of planet Earth.
A science fiction fable much less naif than it seems. [Full review in Spanish]
There's something for everyone in Downsizing - just not a full meal.
What could have been a roguish send-up of marriage, technology, and all that falls in between is reduced to a cloying feel-good fable about reciprocal altruism in the face of total annihilation.
What can't be denied, though, is the originality of the premise or the sheer verve with which Payne creates his modern-day Lilliput.
Contrary to the teachings of another famous childhood ditty, Payne's film thrills to the idea that it may not be such a small world after all.
A sci-fi comedy satire that purports to be about environmentalism and the end of the American consumer dream, but is actually about something much more intimate, and simultaneously more expansive.
"Downsizing" romps its way across the planet only to blossom into a surprisingly satisfying love story and, for Alexander Payne aficionados, an even-more-surprising exhortation: choose life.
What a spry, nuanced, winningly digressive movie this is.
The mish-mash of Downsizing's world with its method of old-fashioned storytelling doesn't work entirely, but there are moments of fabulous satire.
Captivating, funny and possessed of a surprise-filled zig-zag structure that makes it impossible to anticipate where it's headed, this is a deeply humane film that, like the best Hollywood classics, feels both entirely of its moment and timeless.
The most whimsically outlandish film of Payne's career, though that doesn't mean it's made with anything less than his usual highly thought-out and controlled master-craftsman bravura.
Payne and Taylor are working on a larger palette than usual, but like their shrunken characters, the filmmakers' humor and their sharp observation of the human condition have survived the change in size and scope.

@highlight

Downsizing assembles a talented cast in pursuit of some truly interesting ideas -- which may be enough for some audiences to forgive the final product's frustrating shortcomings.