Drillbit Taylor, which is directed by Steven Brill (Without a Paddle), is the kind of movie you enjoy against your better judgement.
Unexpectedly funny is the best way to sum up Drillbit Taylor.
The characters are so uneven it feels like two different movies awkwardly fused together.
Most of it is the same high school comedy we've been watching since John Hugh's heyday 20 years ago. Everyone is either popular and cruel (because in teenager-land one de facto means the other) or awkward and thus fair game for the popular kids.
All too kiddie for Apatow's older fan base and a bit too rough and violent to be an all-ages, family-friendly film.
The action sags in the middle, but director Steven Brill gets mileage out of some funny cameos and good one-liners.
...aggressively bland...
Has enough heart and insight into the complexities of being a teenager today that you can overlook some of its other shortcomings - primarily in the tired act of the titular character.
A distaff version of Weird Science with a similar metaphysical disregard for logic
Wilson proves again that he's a quick-witted comedic treasure—he's the sort of actor who gets hired to make mediocre movies almost good by his sheer force of comic will. [Blu-Ray]
...silly, sentimental, sometimes cruel, often clumsy, mostly unfunny, and frustratingly inane.
What worked for me were the three kids, but every time Wilson shows up the movie comes to a complete halt.
Leaves its stain less on [Luke] Wilson than on the fellows who are trying to harness his smirk and his persona without the delicate touch that [Wes] Anderson and Wilson made look easy.
You can pretty much tell which parts were written by Seth Rogen. That was probably why 50% of the movie was actually funny.
Earns plenty of laughs without sinking to gross-out levels.
Maybe it's because I had low expectations going in, but whatever the case may be I was unable to wipe the smile off my face throughout most of the film.
He (Wilson) has played every variation of the stoned surfer guy imaginable and here the act begins to wear thin
Wilson is perfectly cast as a beach bum who passes as a bodyguard for teens
The kids are generally good, and Frost makes a really convincing psycho, but the energy level is generally dragged down by Wilson, who gives a depressive edge to his zillionth version of this character.
Produced by Judd Apatow and co-written by Seth Rogen, Drillbit Taylor has a been there, done that quality reminiscent of Superbad if it were much tamer and less funnier.
Insufferably mean-spirited, "Drillbit Taylor" is, believe it or not, a movie about bullies aimed at young people.
It mixes big laughs with a lot of heart taking a premise built on a group of disparate losers and turning it into a hilarious winner in every way imaginable.
It's hard to imagine a bigger disappointment, or a more casual squandering of audience good will, than Drillbit Taylor.
...has nothing going for it but [Owen] Wilson's personal appeal...
This rag-tag bunch of losers combine to create some wonderful laugh-out-loud moments, the largest arriving in the final confrontation when Drillbit catches hold of a Samurai sword blade.
A mere shadow of the earlier movie with not enough decent jokes to paper over deep feelings of familiarity.
An engaging enough picture, if a lesser work, from the talented Apatow stable.
It's not Superbad (and definitely not supergood) but this throwaway romp teases out some laughs as its Frat Pack star heads back to the classroom. Drillbit could try harder but it's definitely not a candidate for exclusion.
Though certainly not a disaster, it is a move away from the style of comedy that has made Apatow and Rogen stars, and it finds them on shaky ground.
It's not quite a disaster but this disappointing Apatow-produced teen comedy still gets a 'Could Do Much Better' on its report card.
Leaves a nasty taste in the mouth.
Drillbit more than succeeds as a superior screwball comedy.
The poster tagline for Drillbit Taylor is "You get what you pay for." And who knew recycled waste will cost you $8 at the multiplex these days? . . . Ninth-grade setting, kindergarten male writing.
Owen Wilson is the sole reason to watch the movie, using nothing more than his innate charisma to wrest honest chuckles from the jaws of banality.
'Drillbit Taylor' is a bit of a giggle, but it lacks bite and direction: even the old prom showdown routine would have enlivened this aimless comedy.
It just scrapes two stars on the strength of Wilson's best efforts. But for God's sake, someone give this man a sparring partner.
Have you ever seen a movie that you knew was significantly flawed, yet you kind of liked it anyway? That's how I felt about Drillbit Taylor.
While we're thankfully not subjected to a film nearly as atrocious as Wilson's 2006 You, Me and Dupree, rest assured that you, me and Drillbit Taylor isn't a recipe for enjoyment, either.
Its comedy falls flat, and the film has a violent core where its heart should be.
Further evidence that if he's not in a Wes Anderson picture or at least co-starring with Jackie Chan, Owen Wilson is pretty much a wasted commodity.
'A lily-white Southern California suburban high school can be a very dangerous place,' warned writer Seth Rogen, whose idea of danger is taking a week off from having his car detailed.
"Drillbit Taylor" ... raises the question about why in today's teen-age movies must every high school bully appear to have taken lessons at the Hannibal Lector School of Psychopathic Adolescents.
Thanks to the chemistry between Owen Wilson and three relative newcomers, 'Drillbit Taylor' is always entertaining and never as silly as expected.
The constant fighting and punching gets nastier and less funny, the film drags on for far too long, and the ending is uninspired and predictable.
Mix in the mediocre jokes and a cast that is game, but not overly inspired and you're left with a film that's a real letdown considering the filmmaking team involved here.
The goofy "My Bodyguard" premise is appealing but the execution is flimsy, formulaic and disjointed - neither the characters nor their actions are plausible. The laughs are lame.
Haven't these children been bullied enough!? Okay, seriously, while yes, we've seen all this before in better (Apatow) movies, some of the writing is very clever, the jokes do hit--and the young actors are very good.
I don't mind Drillbit Taylor but why was I watching it? Oh yeah, I get paid to.
Silly and sometimes even funny... but by the end, we're still waiting for it to spring to life.
A Superbad lite knockoff replacing sex with violence and minus the dirty talk, Drillbit Taylor is its own worst enemy by tackling a grim subject like school bullies for laughs.
Because the filmmakers plant their laugh-generating derrick over the same comic well that's been pumped out twice before, Drillbit Taylor hits a dry hole.
Imagine Curly Sue, but McLovin-ized.
If anything, this film is more Weird Science or One Crazy Summer then it is Ferris Bueller's Day Off or Superbad.
Like Wilson, Mann can wring laughs even from mediocre lines. Here's an idea: How about Apatow and Rogen forget the freaky-geeky boys for a while and give Mann a starring role?
The first film from the Judd Apatow Productions assembly line that feels like it came off an assembly line: 'Drillbit' is to Judd Apatow as 'Harry and the Hendersons' is to Steven Spielberg.
Directed by Steven Brill, this film is one almost-funny situation after another that is completely undercut by lazy timing and editing.
Drillbit Taylor presents nothing blindingly new for fans of Apatow- or Sandler-style humor and when watching it, one can hear the faint rustling of old scripts being yanked from drawers for a timely cash-in.
Drillbit Taylor is as clunky and humorless as its title.
Maybe I should have bought popcorn; this movie undoubtedly goes down better when it's partially drowned out by munching.
Despite sharing a producer in comedy-genius-of-the-moment Judd Apatow, a co-writer in Seth Rogen and somewhat similar territory, Drillbit Taylor doesn't measure up to the raunchy classic that gave the world McLovin.
Without focus, without apparent intention, the movie floats along, stringing various incidents together, and in the end seems much longer than it is. It feels like 2 1/2 hours.
Wilson gets by on his delivery and his demeanor. It doesn't matter what he says; it's how he says it.
Too much of Drillbit Taylor is the kind of formulaic free-for-all that does Wilson no good, nor anybody else.
Trying to mix farce with heart, Drillbit Taylor is instead as soulful as Kenny G and as wacky as public television.
... While (Drillbit Taylor) may not be consistently brilliant or laugh-out-loud funny all the way through, it is at the least consistently amusing.
It's no wedgie, but after a while Drillbit Taylor feels like its own form of torment.
Movies such as this remind us that Owen Wilson is nothing less than a national treasure.
Do yourself a favor. Rent My Bodyguard instead.
Wilson needs to find a few other steady sources of scripts if he doesn't want to become the clown prince of B-movie land. And Apatow needs to slow down and try a little harder unless he wants to become its smirking figurehead.
This is Apatow Lite, a slapped-together series of sketches that are rarely funny and are often nastier than a movie aimed at pre-teens should be.
An uneven, stolidly traditional comedy.
Even if this movie doesn't quite hit the highs of its predecessor, it's nice to know that there are still filmmakers ready to respect the eternal struggles of freaks and geeks.
Drillbit Taylor is a guilty pleasure that's satisfying as a plate of junk food.
Some of the movie's problems stem from the fact that the filmmakers can't seem to decide whose story it is, with a constant narrative tug of war between Wade and Ryan's battle for survival and Drillbit's dreams of escaping to Canada.
Strictly infantile.
The weak Drillbit Taylor is doubly disappointing -- it's one of Wilson's worst movies, and it's the first big mis-step for the Judd Apatow/Seth Rogen freight-train.
Watching kids being forced to pee on each other isn't actually funny. Neither is watching those same kids get chased down by a pair of thugs in a sports car.
That so little of the movie bears the inventiveness, charm or rude energy of the team's last look at teen life suggests this particular well of inspiration has already run dry.
...undistressingly mild and entirely familiar.
Overly familiar, underwhelmingly funny and thoroughly predictable, Taylor is a one-joke movie that doesn't even get that one joke right.
The jokes are funny, the acting is good (especially the three freshmen) and the film has an underlying sweetness that harkens back to 2004's Without a Paddle, which was also directed by Mr. Brill.
The sentimentality quotient for this film is set too high.
The makers of Drillbit Taylor aren't so much interested in a movie about the tyranny of bullies as they are completely turned on by the violence they inflict.
If only it had some funny lines, a focused plot and an idea that stretched beyond the initial setup.
Drillbit's conversion from stereotypical "loser" to devoted life coach is as conventional as it sounds.
It's a humorless PG-13 comedy aimed at middle school kids/some high school kids. Anyone else should stay at home and watch Over the Edge instead.
This has so many unrealistic setups that it is hard to sit back and enjoy Wilson's talent and Gentile's ability to deliver the laugh line.
I'd call it a pointless endeavor, except now we might finally be able to pinpoint the source of Wilson's recent depression.
a Miller Lite version of Superbad
Drillbit Taylor is second-rate Apatow, but it still outperforms most teen comedies.
A comedy that's surprisingly low on genuine laughs ... a trite, tamed and toned-down version of Apatow's high school formula with little of the pop or pizzazz of his other recent movies.
Was writer Seth Rogen this annoying as a kid? I hope not. Then again, it probably explains a lot about why he seems incapable of creating original characters.
The two leads here are not nearly as desperate for Drillbit to come through as the script is, but it never happens.
...teen audiences may enjoy it, but only because they'll be mistaking it for something original.
It very quickly loses whatever steam it had, to the point that the last half hour feels unbearably drawn out.
Bereft of jokes while overloaded with keenly observed individual moments, Drillbit Taylor can best be described as an almost success. This also means it's a figurative failure.
As ever, Wilson's charmingly slippery delivery sets the tone and saves the day from slapsticky broadness.
By film's conclusion, Drillbit is a mock hero at best, and the few bits of comedy have been overshadowed by viciousness.
The only real point of comparison between this film and previous Apatow efforts is that this film also has a running time that is far too long for its own good
a funny movie, but a movie without many memorable moments and it suffers from a great deal of predictability.
I really question the casting of Wilson because he looked almost as bored making the movie as the audience that has to suffer through it
Apart from a few mildly funny bits of slapstick, "Drillbit Taylor" doesn't come near the level of comedy that Judd Apatow and screenwriter Seth Rogen are known for.
What it sets out to do, and effectively so, is to wring some giggles out of the insecurities we all feel on that first day of school.
Drillbit Taylor goes down with ease when it isn't trying too hard. This may not be a great teen comedy, but it is a warm and smart one.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry when considering that the best moments within this Owen Wilson comedy are the times when Owen Wilson is nowhere near it.
Whoever shoulders the blame, this thing is a mess. We can only hope it's just a necessary step in Wilson's recovery, though not one you should feel obliged to watch.
In Drillbit Taylor, produced by Judd Apatow, co-written by Seth Rogen and Kristofor Brown, and starring Owen Wilson, the career trajectories of three comic talents converge to dispiriting effect.
This high-school comedy about freaks, geeks and the bodyguard they hire to protect them from bullying is a disappointing hodgepodge of rehashed clichés.
Drillbit Taylor is pretty good in almost every aspect other than its lead performance.
With 'Drillbit Taylor,' however, Apatow hands the reins over to his protégés and replaces his delicate balancing act with a steep, sudden fall.
Is the golden age of Judd Apatow already waning?
Drillbit Taylor is so ploddingly directed and lazily written that it adds up to little more than a diffuse collection of second-hand gags and jokes, few of them funny.
While there is still some questionable humor, and there are some tasteless sexual references, the film is very sweet and recalls the cultily adored 1980 hit My Bodyguard in almost all the right ways.
Superbad's Seth Rogan offers a weak rehash of his first hit, substituting Seniors looking to get laid with Freshmen looking to not get beat up...first evidence of a kink in the Apatow machine.
If Superbad were remade as a gimmicky Nickelodeon movie, it would probably look something like Drillbit Taylor.
The familiarity wouldn't matter if the gags weren't so belabored and, thanks to the PG-13 rating, neutered.
Even the breezy, laid-back charms of Owen Wilson couldn't have saved Drillbit Taylor from being the middling effort that it is.
If the film doesn't quite measure up to the Apatow gold standard, it's at least sterling silver.
It's all entertaining, especially with the Apatow-patented dialogue, in this case from screenwriters Kristofor Brown and Seth Rogen.
With his laconic attitude, Owen Wilson has a talent for making dumb material funny. That talent serves him greatly in Drillbit Taylor.
Given the uninventive, not to say downright repetitive nature of the narrative, about all Drillbit has going for it is Wilson's star presence. Or should we say his often agreeable lack of presence.
Tone-deaf would-be comedy about three high school wimps who hire Owen Wilson as their bodyguard. If this sounds familiar it's because there's nothing new here.
Here, Apatow produces a script co-written by Seth Rogen that, although not particularly objectionable, seems a pale shadow of such hugely popular watersheds as The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Superbad.
Drillbit Taylor makes last summer's very funny Superbad look even better in retrospect.
The humor, the bullies and the gawky heroes all just sit flatly on the screen rather than exploding off of it.
A flimsy, unconvincing teen comedy from Apatow and company.
Setup promises a sort of modern Three Stooges takeoff that, unfortunately, is only haphazardly delivered.
The Apatow vibe may still carry some righteous mojo. But Drillbit Taylor proves that even the smoothest-running hit machine can stand a tuneup every few miles.
The script by Kristofor Brown and Seth Rogen and the direction by Steven Brill have a careless, never-gave-a-damn feel that's as insulting to viewers as the film is dull.
Suffering through Drillbit Taylor will remind you of the last time your dentist used his drill bit on you.
So long as the freshmen are at center stage, this is cheekily engaging in an old-fashioned way. But when the upperclassmen and adults take over, it pretty much flunks out.
Drillbit Taylor's Superbad-lite with younger actors, mild language, and far fewer laughs.
There's vulgar funny ('Superbad,' 'Knocked Up') and vulgar unfunny. 'Drillbit' is the latter.
During the final showdown, there is almost as much teen pummeling going on as in Never Back Down. Unfortunately, Never Back Down was funnier.
This is the Scat Pack's first definitive miss and it just scrapes two stars on the strength of Wilson's best efforts. But for God's sake, give this man a sparring partner next time he's on screen.
A dispiritingly mediocre tweener comedy from some very talented people who appear to be experiencing a delayed sophomore slump.
Wilson is a very capable comic actor, but he's given very few notes to play here. The character he's playing is subject to the whims of the writers, and there's just nothing he can do with the material.
Do you hear that? That shrill, shrieking sound coming from your local multiplex? That would be the Judd Apatow machine slowly, steadily winding down after humming along so brilliantly for so long.
More fights than laughs in Owen Wilson comedy.
It's hardly worth going on at much length about the movie, a disordered, dispirited shuffling of flailing-to-be-funny and trying-to-be-empathetic scenes.
Kristofor Brown and Seth Rogen's script is full of surprises.
a labored and disjointed effort with identity issues
You've got to hand it to Owen Wilson. He has an uncanny ability to delivery the loopiest of lines without losing credibility. And there are a bundle of loopies in this off-beat comedy ...



@highlight

Owen Wilson's charms can't save Drillbit Taylor , an unfunny, overly familiar bullied-teen comedy.