Ten minutes into She Hate Me I knew it was a bad film, 20 minutes in I knew it was offensively -- to its audience -- poor, 30 minutes in I began to wonder how it was that the producers hadn't pulled the plug on it when they saw the rushes.
She Hate Me isn't subversive, it's insipid.
This extremely graphic movie is not for kids.
"She Hate Me" is just as tongue-tied as its ridiculous title.
Com idéias interessantes o bastante para render três filmes, Spike Lee realiza um filme assustadoramente caótico e sem foco para um cineasta com sua experiência.
Tighter focus would have incited the fury that She Hate Me's ambition demands. It's left saying too much but not enough.
Seems like the ramblings of an insulated, precocious teenager
[Spike Lee] is a genius who's never made a decent film.
Is Lee satirizing something? Is this all a metaphor for something? Or is it just a heavy-handed mess, full of non-sequiturs? My vote is for the latter.
The politest way to assess Spike Lee's latest polemic is to call it too ambitious. 'An unholy mess' might come closer to the truth.
A bizarre stinker . . . it's too bad, for the sake of Lee's career, that this mistake of a movie didn't spontaneously combust on the first reel.
A train wreck as only Spike Lee could make it.
An overreaching satire that even Lee's biggest fans will find disappointing.
Watching it is like listening in on a heated debate amongst five people about various issues where all of them are talking at once and no one is stopping for a breath.
Allusions to Frank Wills, the security guard who discovered the Watergate break-in, suggest a story that would have made a much better Spike Lee movie than this misfire...
Attractively cast and at times amusing, but it's undermined by a plot that doesn't make sense and plays like three-and- a-half genre movies fighting for screentime in one overlong one.
If this is a subtle inversion of the sex wars it passed clear over my head as Anthony Mackie grunts his way through five ecstatic women a night
This film is so all over the place that Spike Lee drowns out his own argument and sabotages the story.
The hate in She Hate Me seems mostly to come from the people who made it.
The notion that all these [lesbians] are physically and emotionally satisfied by their trysts with Jack would have played well at the recent Republican National Convention.
Fascinating from start to finish.
Using sex so amusingly, Lee makes satire sexy.
If Lee had focused, the film might have been a great one.
If you're truly adventurous in your movie-going and fed up with movies that play by the numbers, play it safe and come with audience-fawning reassurances, then She Hate Me just might be the harsh cinematic tonic you crave.
Succeeds in finding something to offend almost everybody.
[Lee's] most muddled message movie to date.
A misshapen and sometimes sorry affair that aims for satire, without always being clear about what it's attempting to satirize.
There's something in here to offend humans of any background or predilection, all of it unleavened by the humor or storytelling skill that might make it halfway palatable.
Someone needs to show Lee how to draw a straight line. He remains a vital and distinctive stylist, but as a storyteller he flies from one tangent to the next, as if he is so outraged all he can do is sputter.
...a movie that spews so much random, senseless, undigested matter that it seems more like projectile vomiting than filmmaking.
Less a joint than a high-rise built on a wobbly foundation.
Lee presumably had two ideas, one an exposé of pharmaceutical greed, the other a sex comedy: then he decided that neither one would make a film in itself and came up with the lame idea of combining them.
As visually electric as it is conceptually stupid.
Two movies mashed together.
Spike Lee's She Hate Me is about as awful as a film can be without being the ultimate awful, which is boring.
Lee seems to have no idea where he wants this satire to go.
A turn-off.
Scattered, clumsily ambitious, sexist, amateurish and just plain dumb, She Hate Me is a bad film, most likely the worst film Spike Lee has ever made.
Might qualify as the most misguided, ill-conceived and lamentable film of [Lee's] career.
Sheer agony to sit through.
Nothing in the film rings remotely true.
It's not only unfathomable and borderline offensive, it's never-ending, leaving its bewildered and battered audience in the dark for well over two hours.
I hates this movie.
Finally, a movie that can vie with Gigli as the worst feature of the new millennium.
Maddening, invigorating, ridiculous, hilarious and messier than a rack of ribs without a napkin.
It's a muddled, overlong, politically incorrect satire that goes wrong in so many ways it's hard to know where to begin dismantling the thing.
I will not say that I liked it. I will say that like Bamboozled, it exasperates and resonates.
A train wreck.
Spike Lee's bold voice is lost in a sea of snaky narrative threads that squeeze the plot and virtually choke it to death.
The shards of this film have more audacity and intelligence than most of what is out there and its failures are more interesting to ponder than most films' successes.
A reminder that Spike Lee is one of our great American filmmakers, unafraid to address, directly and artfully, contemporary issues in a context of national history.
The kind of extravagantly bad movie only a genius could make, She Hate Me feels like an embarrassingly public nervous breakdown.
Within its messy framework there's a lot to like about She Hate Me.
Lee should know better -- he's too talented to be serving up this kind of silliness, and so are his actors.
A uniquely insane film which should be experienced and needs to be seen to be believed.
Easily Lee's most disorganized movie, She Hate Me is also one of the most preposterous efforts by any major director in recent memory.
Plays out as though Genet dumped a handful of front-page stories from The Wall Street Journal into the Script-o-Matic 2000 and pushed the Drama and Farce buttons at the same time, yielding lame results.
Once your hero's crisis is whether or not to pity f@!# card-carrying bombshell Monica Bellucci, you might as well have unicorns and gnomes running around
Shot in a fast 26 days, the film has an off-the-cuff feel which makes up in enthusiasm what it lacks in polish.
Lee, who always has an agenda, is fundamentally unsuited to satire, which has no sides, no friends, no agenda.
For all his irreverence, Lee still seems uncertain how to convey deep, adult feeling without seeming obligated to feel.
After the 2000 satire Bamboozled and now this, I can't help but wonder how much longer [Lee] can afford to make interesting but deeply flawed movies.
She Hate Me invites anger and analysis about the stereotypes it appears to celebrate; a film that attacked those stereotypes would inspire yawns.
What could Spike Lee have been thinking?
Deeply offensive, staggeringly unfunny, pretentious and, at 140 minutes, about 135 minutes too long...
Fun to watch and fun to think about later; it's chockful of provocative statements about corporate morality, sexual hypocrisy and what's wrong about both today.
... may be the worst movie of the year.
An ambitious but undisciplined mess of a movie...goes all over the place and winds up nowhere.
The mélange of plots, subplots, reveries, gags, cartoons, dirty bits, and hissy fits points to a work that is structurally modelled less on the classic narratives of cinema than on, say, a portion of Russian salad.
Spike Lee's She Hate Me begins with money.
While this presumably all makes sense inside Spike's head, it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever onscreen.
She Hate Me is more like an automobile accident designed to get liberal-minded looky-loos to crane their necks and survey the wreckage.
Spike Lee is taking shotgun-blast aim at, well, everything--from corporate injustice to racial stereotypes to lesbian issues. And with his scattershot approach he misses all of his targets.
A smart, sexy and original comedy.
This intensely topical satire tackles a wide range of important issues, from corporate whistle-blowing to the toll sexual license takes on stable family structures.
A distillation of rhetoric that never gets properly shaped, compounded by various on-screen speeches that leave the audience feeling taught, talked down to and criticized.
If you're going to make a political statement, back it up. Don't give us this half-baked, atrociously acted, tin-eared, five-films-in-one, everything you want to know about sex, three's company, heather has two mommies fiasco.
Targets 'the decline of ethics ... from the boardroom to the bedroom,' and misses on both fronts.
This 140-minute I-don't-know- what-it-is unravels like a ball of yarn after a bout with a tiger on Colombian catnip.
Lee's shrill, juvenile polemic crams ideas about corporate greed, same-sex parenting and racial stereotypes into a narrative torn from the video store's adult-movie section.
When a Spike Lee film doesn't fly, it sinks like a stone. This one is Gibraltar.
At 2 1/2 hours running time, you get more than you bargained for in sheer befuddlement.
It seems as if She Hate Me is two different stories spliced together, with cross-purposed tones and topics.
May not be subtle or disciplined, but it is funny as hell.
It's quite a paradox that someone so acutely attuned to racism would so enthusiastically embrace the worst clichés of homophobia and misogyny.
When it comes to social issues, Lee is fiercely, admirably activist, but when it comes to sex, he plays into stereotypes and myths that are all the more easily reinforced because they occur in a raucously comic context.
Manages to be at once racist, homophobic, utterly fake, and unbearably tedious.
Forget the politics, bawdy humor wins out.
Lee carries his political exasperation beyond outrage into chaos.
This gonzo 140-minute omnibus reserves a scene or two for any social or political concern you'd care to mention.
More often than not, the sheer originality and ambition of the project carry pic, which is further bolstered by its superb ensemble cast.
Ankle-chained to the ball of Jack's depression, She Hate Me lurches from cartoonish didacticism to glum slapstick.
A mixed bag, but at least it's interesting and almost never boring.
How can a director as savvy as Lee make so many errors of judgment regarding taste, tone, intention and dramatic structure?
maybe She Hate Me's title does make sense - as foreshadowing for the reaction it'll receive from real-world lesbians
Most contracts are negotiated with John Hancocks, but in She Hate Me, deals are sealed with hot lesbian action.







@highlight

She Hate Me can't decide if it wants to be a commentary on corporate greed or a sex farce.