Three-dimensional, even warm, a feat considering its incredibly violent and theatrical central plot point.
Uncomfortably bleak, director Antonio Campos scrapes away at the agonizing details of Chubbuck's anguish stemming from her stunted personal and professional life to reveal a tortured soul.
... we feel for a moment that this film looks at us, knows us, takes into account our presence on the other side of the mirror. [Full review in Spanish]
Campos' film is a clinging, yearning look at one woman's mad desire for acceptance.
Rebecca Hall has the misfortune to be extremely good in a film that always feels somewhat exploitative and too miserable to be a rewarding watch.
A perfect exemplar of a bad good movie, Antonio Campos' Christine traps (an excellent) Rebecca Hall in a series of impeccably composed frames as the famously ill-fated Sarasota local news anchor Christine Chubbuck.
The guts of the movie are anchored in performances.
... you'll feel that although you don't know why Christine Chubbuck did what she did, you do know a little more about her and her world, and that seems to be enough.
The film simply titled Christine offers an absorbing, at times mesmerizing, and ultimately mystifying character study.
It's a haunting reflection on the hopefulness of feminism for the 1970s working woman, which is also uncomfortably effective. And while Christine's death is a part of the conclusion of the narrative, it doesn't define it.
Campos' deliberately still camerawork captures Christine's sense of discord, with the eerie calm of her surroundings emphasising her fitful depression.
Rebecca Hall's Christine is not someone you would rush up to hug. Smart and driven, she is also abrasive, pushy and socially inept - qualities that [she] embodies in her performance with immense technical skill and heartbreaking empathy.
Impeccably played by Rebecca Hall, this is a thoughtful reflection on life's casual cruelties and how little attitudes towards women have changed since Watergate.
Desperately in search of a juicy story
It's certainly the stronger of the two films that tackle Chubbuck's strange, sorry story.
A compelling drama that is simultaneously respectful and provocative.
With slow-burning, stomach-squeezing panic Rebecca Hall delivers a superb performance in Christine as the real-life American television reporter Christine Chubbuck.
Campos's good intentions notwithstanding, there's still something uncomfortable - perhaps even exploitative - here, yet an absolutely mesmerising Rebecca Hall is clearly, deeply invested in the role.
Hall really gets under the skin of the character, offering a complex portrait of a woman who seems to be constantly on the verge of a breakdown.
It is a dark, hypnotic, unsettling experience.
A disturbing, honest portrait of female neurosis and depression.
It's a humane and empathetic treatment that Chubbuck might have endorsed.
The film's compassion towards Chubbuck emanates from a star turn of huge sensitivity: Hall's version of her is a crumbling person, not a concept.
Rebecca Hall gives an excellent performance as Christine, one that captures the character's mix of insecurity and ambition, her extreme reticence and her desire to be liked.
A knotty, funny, ambiguous character study with an exceptional turn from Rebecca Hall.
It's Rebecca Hall that arguably deserves the greatest praise; she practically devours her role in a way she's rarely, if ever, been allowed to do on screen before.
There is an edgy, uncomfortable quality to Christine that makes her difficult to be around but Hall incorporates all the conflicts and contradictions into a detailed, truly multilayered performance.
A heartfelt attempt at telling her story without feeling exploitative.
That the film does break through is down to Hall, who illuminates the pain that Christine can't express, and to the score by Danny Bensi and Saunder Jurriaans.
This particular movie, based on a very famous suicide, is interesting, from a journalistic point of view, since the suicide itself is directly linked to journalism. The rest of it is just another typical movie suicide story.
Campos doesn't sugarcoat it. None of Christine, in fact, is wrapped in sweetness -- it's all medicine. But its ability to grip you with its sadness and mourning offers something better: one woman's truth.
If you don't know the true story of Christine Chubbuck, the movie may be even more impactful.
Christine never forgets its focus and lets the story speak for itself, even if it leaves some important details out.
"Christine" is the story of television personality Christine Chubbuck and is an in-depth look into a problem that was either misdiagnosed or just ignored: depression.
Rebecca Hall's performance is a formidable piece of work, physically transforming herself to capture Chubbuck's dark, angular look and somewhat off-putting manner.
[Christine] has a highly charged Rebecca Hall finding the bruises beneath a brittle surface.
Rebecca Hall's performance in "Christine" is nothing less than mighty.
Rebecca Hall is agonizingly good in this grim character study, based on a true story.
Rebecca Hall gives one of the great performances of the year as the title character in Christine, an intense, stomach-churning, unblinking drama.
[Rebecca Hall's] Christine isn't a hackneyed 'woman on the edge.' She is simply a woman trying to do her job ... and struggling with feelings of self-doubt and insecurity...
Rebecca Hall plays the twenty-nine-year-old career woman, and her performance is akin to what Campos does as a filmmaker, filled with fierce concentration, ambitious and scatty, present yet plainly preoccupied.
As for Rebecca Hall, she's flat-out astonishing.
A tour de force of performance and retro influenced directing and visual style, "Christine" is a small triumph.
As successful it is as a character study, the movie is also an effective look at the state of local TV news in the 1970s, with impeccable period detail.
Fascinating, troubling, and dutiful, Christine, if nothing else, houses a great performance [by Hall].
Captured with real authority by Rebecca Hall, who plays Christine and is the best reason for seeing the movie.
Suddenly, [Hall], who's always been a bright spot is an eclipse, crossing arduous emotional terrain with ease and finding moments of dignity and grace in mental illness.
Something of a tour de force for star Rebecca Hall who, in keeping with the film's approach, does so much while seeming to do so little.
The real-life drama Christine has a well-polished facade, gleaming in 1970s period details, but only the movie's star seems able to get underneath that surface.
You'll need a shield to help deflect all the irony director Antonio Campos and screenwriter Craig Shilowich throw before the camera.
A gripping, often agonizing character study with a tour de force performance by Rebecca Hall.
"Christine" is based on true events, and I suspect it's all the more powerful if you don't know what happens at the end. I did, but the film still gripped me.
Rich in dramatic detail and psychological insight, the film approaches its protagonist with genuine concern.
The narrow scope and narrow determinism of the action in "Christine" is unfortunately matched by the narrow-albeit immensely skillful and committed-acting that Campos elicits from Hall.
Christine ultimately concludes on a palpably anticlimactic note that's somewhat emblematic of the movie's wobbly execution...
Christine will truly break your heart as it shows just how hard Chubbuck fought to step back from the brink.
Hall's quietly extraordinary performance as a woman disconnected from the world she so desperately wants to glow in makes the movie worth seeing.
Hall delivers a portrayal that is riveting and nuanced but dedicatedly uncomfortable.
In addition to being a terrific portrait of crippling social anxieties, Christine is a portrait of a bygone era that in many ways looks the same as ours.
By turns coolly observed and disquietingly compassionate - qualities that also describe Rebecca Hall's brilliant central performance - the movie drifts alongside its subject, Charon-like, through the hell of her last weeks.
The movie conveys her rage, rejection, and isolation, but unfortunately doubles down on the confusion.
A great performance does not necessarily make for great tragedy, and "Christine" remains mired in the minutiae of its portrait of a doomed, bitter young woman.
Hall is both eccentric and touching as a promising, complicated and needy woman on the edge of her personal abyss.
Grim, timely, but not quite fully thought through ...
Christine has every chance of going wrong-of courting, wittingly or not, the interest of gruesome curiosity seekers. But this is a case where one performance can make all the difference-and Rebecca Hall's does.
Hall and the rigid focus on Christine create a compelling central figure.
The movie gets to you: It's absorbing and uncomfortable at the same time, as if it were giving you a glimpse at the unknowable.
Bolstered by Rebecca Hall's excellent performance and some evocative period re-creation, it's a compelling character-driven glimpse into the media culture of the time.
Striding through this, and commanding almost every scene, is Rebecca Hall, who earns our sympathy, as the best actors do, by steeling herself not to plead for it.
A brilliant performance by Rebecca Hall powers this fascinating true and tragic story of a local news reporter teetering on the edge.
Rebecca Hall's performance is incredible. Her Christine is awkward, full of nervous energy, and impossible to look away from. But Campos missed an opportunity to fully explore Christine's mental-health challenges.
Even 40 years on, the events of July 1974 will send a chill through your bones at the conclusion to this story.
The movie offers a portrait of a woman in full, played by Hall with the sort of fervent conviction that earns awards attention.
There are questions of exploitation that nag throughout, as well as a queasy feeling that we the audience are participating in exploiting this troubled woman all over again.
The film doesn't pretend to offer answers or solutions, nor is it a cautionary tale: it is a straightforward dramatization of this unfortunate woman's life and it is spine-tinglingly good.
Hall gives us Chubbuck in all her vehement contradictoriness.
It treats Christine's tragedy as a question without an answer, letting it play out and leaving us to wonder what it all means, and contemplate how over 40 years later we're no closer to finding an answer.
This might have been an even grimmer exercise than it is-and be advised, it really is grim-were it not for Rebecca Hall's powerful, self-effacing performance.
Hall creates a fierce, uncompromising portrait of a woman who was prescient enough to see the dark places her culture was headed - the logical end game of our "if it bleeds, it leads" obsessions - but also damaged enough to succumb to them.
Ms. Hall's performance makes you believe that something profound is at stake, the movie noncommittally nibbles at the edge of larger meaning, nodding at current events.
As much as it signals the dawn of a more exploitative brand of journalism, the film also sees Christine as the victim of a sexist newsroom culture that punished women of substance.
Hall transcends these narrow topical concerns by presenting the charmless, insecure, morbidly depressed reporter as a complex and irreducible personality.
Hall finds Chubbuck through the strange way she ends her sentences, her awkward laugh. It's an endearing and haunting performance ...
Even at its most involving, though, Christine never quite banishes the nagging question one might have about what the ultimate point of this whole enterprise is.
It turns a probing and revelatory lens on the soul-destroying task of chasing eyeballs with sensationalistic news, long before clickbait became a journalistic mission.
Rebecca Hall gives an absolutely indelible performance.
Both painfully intimate and strangely opaque on the subject of mental illness, taking us deep inside Christine's disintegration even as it never quite figures out what it wants to say about it.
It does justice to its subject, who falls victim to a toxic cocktail of major depression, social maladjustment, and the indignities of the emergent infotainment business.
Tackling this life with honesty and respect demands a tricky balancing act between context and character, which first-time screenwriter Craig Shilowich performs remarkably well.
Christine, like most films in its genre, relies on excess: acting as extreme sport, period fetishism, signpost dialogue.
Rebecca Hall makes "Christine" can't-look-away captivating. Her star turn is by turns spooky, heart-stirring and all too human.
Hall plays Chubbuck like a slow-motion train wreck. She gives an almost comic performance, alternating between twitchy Kristen Wiig-like dismissals and a furious thousand-yard stare that burns a hole through the lens.
But while Christine the movie may leave you in a coldly analytical space about sad people -- even its dollops of humor have a chilliness -- Christine the woman stays with you, thanks to a career-best performance from Hall.
'Christine' never morphs into a reenactment of psychopathology, thanks to Antonio Campos' skillful direction, Craig Shilowich's sensitive script, and Rebecca Hall's rounded interpretation of an intelligent young woman who is unable to navigate the world.
It largely fails to animate Christine Chubbuck's inner turmoil, focusing instead on broad, blunt externalities.
Christine is not an easy watch, but any film that grapples with suicide shouldn't be.
Hall's portrayal of the fragile Chubbuck amidst newsroom pressures and industry sexism is more than enough reason to stay tuned.
Craig Shilowich's careful scripting avoids all the usual mental illness cliches and hystrionics to help us sympathise with her even in her most unpleasant moments.
Films this exhaustively constructed don't always factor their actors into the design, but here's a gratifying exception.
Hall makes it impossible to look away from this portrait of a woman brought to the heartbreaking conclusion that she's beyond hope.
A forceful piece of work, and Hall is next-level great.
While Rebecca Hall gives an incredible lead performance and imbues the character with a tremendous amount of sympathy, Christine can't find a new angle on this tragic event.
[Rebecca] Hall, in one of her best performances, embodies Christine with searing intensity.
Rebecca Hall shines in the haunting retelling of Christine Chubbuck's life and death.
In other hands, this might have been 'oh, let's watch the crazy lady fall apart.' Instead, it's a sensitive, compelling character study with an ominous undercurrent.
The life and times of an unfortunately infamous person now comes into sharper focus. "Christine" doesn't glorify suicide, but it does explain what pushed one woman over the edge, and it honors who she was before it happened.
[Sundance 2016] "Christine" aches with compassion and humanity for its real-life subject. Not enough superlatives can be directed toward Rebecca Hall over what she achieves in this role.
Christine is excruciating, by design and in its very concept.
Rebecca Hall is excellent in this unsettling depiction of tragic anchorwoman Christine Chubbuck's life.
Antonio Campos brings us dangerously close to Chubbuck's point of view, so that we can better understand the nature of her tragedy and, hopefully, recognize the traps we each set for ourselves.
What Christine gets right above all else is that it comes at depression from a different angle. Director Antonio Campos evades drone and downpours in favor of '70s soft rock and bright skies.
Hall has largely languished with supporting roles in films that in no way prepare you for the breadth she displays in director Antonio Campos's tragic character study, Christine.

@highlight

Rising on the strength of Rebecca Hall's gripping performance, Christine offers an empathetic look at its subject's public career and painful private life.