its marriage of conventional thriller dynamics and unexpected visual potency marks it as something both utterly unique and reliably familiar
a drag-down bore
A tense and entertaining murder thriller about redemption and greed...
A deep-fried piece of Southern Gothic that wears its unpleasantness like a merit badge...
While it has lulls and sleepy moments, Undertow also full of startling truths and beauties, as well as offering a window into a side of the country that movies rarely bother to look at.
The actors grapple manfully with the ersatz rural poetry of the dialogue, but Green's pacing is slow and self-indulgent, and the action often departs from recognizable human behavior.
Green's signature pastoral tangents and codeine pacing don't slow down this tale of two boys fleeing their psychotic uncle so much as inappropriately slacken any of the story's suspenseful aspects.
Green's most accessible film to date, yet he keeps his directorial style very close to the way it's always been. Slow, patient, revelatory.
Structured like a fairytale and driven like a fast boat down a leafy river, Undertow expertly blends myth and suspense to create a fable with a wicked sense of humor and an appetite for destruction.
A poetic, atmospheric drama that's worth seeing despite Green's struggle to blend character drama with more conventional thrills.
It will likely polarize his critics further, causing some to recoil at his welcoming of influences, and others to be thankful for more "Malick-lite."
A front-loaded film, sure, but what a front.
Bell is superb as Chris and he completely nails the difficult Southern accent; if you hadn't seen Billy Elliot, you'd swear he was someone Green had picked off the street
While the first hour promises something very special indeed, the build-up is squandered once the two brothers take flight with not enough sense of danger or urgency to hold your attention.
Bad in the worst way, yet it trails clouds of glory and authentic stink from a Georgia pigsty. Pretty, a legitimate auteurist statement. And a flop.
While the disparate elements at times seem to be struggling against each other like cats in a sack, an undeniable current of urgency runs through the film.
It plays like nothing more than an exceedingly well-written Friday the 13th sequel.
A portrait of the rural South that engages all five senses
[Not] a very appealing viewing experience.
Undertow may throw off viewers expecting a more straightforward thriller. But hang with it, and enjoy the thrill of being drawn into these characters' lives.
Green may think he's the next Terence Malick. His amateurishly ambitious movies tell otherwise.
Green's characters often find themselves in raw, unprotected moments, but Undertow also can feel a little too mesmerized by its own junkyard visions.
The film's first half is hypnotically watchable.
Despite the relatively straightforward plotting, Undertow never feels conventional.
Green is all surface and no depth in his effort to channel the late novelist William Faulkner.
The substance doesn't live up to the style. Green was trying to create a thriller, and, although all of the elements are in place, Undertow doesn't thrill.
[A] dreary, self-important rural drama that takes forever to advance its insignificant aims.
Did I fall in love with Undertow? Not in the least. But I liked it alright, and amidst the mediocrity, even rot, that constitutes 98% of contemporary American movies, that'll do fine.
Gorgeous cinematography, a great Glass score and convincing young actors, but it doesn't really add up.
A crackling good, low-down noir thriller.
Movies can either choose to fulfill or dash our expectations, and Undertow does both.
There's certainly nothing wrong with trying to make a movie visually pleasing, but it shouldn't come until after there's a good plot and intriguing characters.
shallow tale that threatens to engulf audiences in a two-hour undertow of boredom
A mean, dark thriller set in broad daylight.
I admire the eccentricities found in his films, but Green loves to go too far, sometimes turning stirring drama into Hee Haw like comedy situations without notice.
The story itself, though occasionally compelling, is mostly just a means to an end. It's the people who are most interesting.
A hostile negotiation between a lyrical filmmaker and genre requirements -- predictable plot points attached like a house-arrest ankle braclet. Lovely moments, though...
Connoisseurs should find it the sort of dark cinematic delicacy that, if still more poetic reverie than prose narrative, is ultimately more filling than standard fare.
Working with bigger budget and name cast, Green has made a genre film in the Southern Gothic tradition that's less personal or accomplished than his former outings; it's not a sophomore jinx since first two films were original
It's hard to work up much sympathy for this orally fixated 10-year old who eats paint and rust, or for an orally fixated movie that lingers over his finger licking so lusciously.
From its opening lines and first enigmatic image, everything about Undertow is both dreamlike and real, artfully elusive and matter-of-fact.
A satisfying, bewitching gumbo.
Undertow, which is well worth seeing for the performances by Bell and Lucas, is obviously a transitional film, but where Green wants to go remains unclear.
The first half works better than the second, but overall it's like a piece of wax fruit - nice to look at, but ultimately not very satisfying to sink your teeth into.
Undertow is good, but the perhaps unfair expectation based on just two pictures is that Green's films be sublime.
A taut piece of Southern Gothic from Richardson native David Gordon Green.
One non-threatening Undertow.
When it's over, you find yourself remembering small moments in the movie far more than the whole picture.
The word thriller also implies some sort of suspense, but every time Green comes close to creating any, he undercuts it by focusing on mundane aspects of the boys' journey.
Steeped in a rudimentary, even ludicrous, plot, it plays like nothing more than an exceedingly well-written Friday the 13th sequel.
Director David Gordon Green dishes up another striking film with this dark fable about two brothers running from a murderous uncle.
A formulaic suspenser.
Those going to Undertow expecting a thriller will find the proceedings slow going. However, those who are seduced by the characters and the setting will find that the 105 minutes pass quickly.
The Fugitive plot gets old pretty quickly and the viewer is left wishing they'd just get it over with.
In equal parts powerful and peculiar, the film is not my favorite of Green's, but it helps solidify his position as one of the most visionary young directors around.
Hamstrung by a feeling that its director was striving for oddity, purely for oddity's sake.
'Southern Gothic' and 'arthouse' are rarely used to describe the same movie, and Undertow is a prime example of why that is.
Though at times tough going because of its violence and seeming hopelessness, the film has a genuine emotional pull.
The movie was monkeyed with too much in postproduction.
A film that seeks to be fresh like Undertow should not feel so densely derivative.
Undertow is like The Simple Life without Paris Hilton, and it's not the improvement you'd think.
Visually gritty and blessed with an astonishing score from Philip Glass, Undertow will make you very uncomfortable.
A thriller in dire need of thrills.
Undertow has its own capacity to haunt.
A thriller that has no interest in thrills.
The suspense first-rate.
Unevenly torn between its would-be poetry and its melodramatic narrative.
Undertow has no rhythm, oodles of story that fail to grab hold and performances that are served poorly by its writer-director.
Undertow is most compelling when it's most impressionistic and peculiar, when the story gives way to odd bits of poetry and Orr's dreamily untidy imagery.
It's easy to imagine Green working with actors the Mike Leigh way, taking weeks to build and improvise the characters.
Intriguing, and beautiful, and skillful enough to be a passable October diversion, though I doubt it will completely satisfy anyone.
Despite picturesque episodes and nicely observed characters, the film lacks suspense.
A small, unsettling thriller.
[E]ven the assured control Green has of his pastiche of gritty, 70s-cinema realism [isn't] enough overcome the inherent stereotypical melodrama...
Undertow has some great moments and good acting performances, but it takes a while to get to the action and story.
Although he's the darling of many critics, I still don't understand the fascination with David Gordon Green and his films.
Green has an uncanny ability to use his camera to almost sneak up on his subjects in a way that makes us feel we've dropped right into the middle of their lives.
This allegiance to Badlands costs Undertow. Green's film never feels as organic as one of Malick's.
Although 'Undertow" is somewhat painful to watch, it's all about good filmmaking and great performances.
There's a timeless storybook quality to the film that lingers beautifully from start to finish.
If only there was a little more structure and a noteworthy ending, Green would have really made a step forward.
Green again establishes himself as an indisputable filmmaking talent and the best of his generation.
A reasonably involving coming-of-age tale with undertones of Greek mythology.
It's Lucas' slithery turn as Deel, which could easily have degenerated into an exercise in mustache-twirling villainy, that keeps you watching through the last turn in the dusty road.
There's no arguing the revelation of Bell's performance.
Green's latest ends up all wet.
Green has a visual style that is beautiful without being pretty. We never catch him photographing anything for its scenic or decorative effect.
Undertow is ultimately a haunting film that marks a startling change of pace for Green, one of the more interesting filmmakers to emerge on the independent scene in the last few years.
Bell's performance as a teenager becoming a man in midflight pulls us through this murky, slow-paced affair, but it's a slog.
Undertow conforms to many of the tropes of a formula thriller but, aided by an evocative Philip Glass score and Tim Orr's beautifully naturalistic cinematography, it transcends the genre.
Undertow boasts atmosphere to burn. But it feels too much like a show, and that's something a filmmaker as organic and personal as Green can't seem to give his heart to.
Running into the woods has hardly been scarier.
[Green's] suspense scenes in the first half were as effective as anything I'd seen. If Undertow had a killer ending, this would easily be one to write home about.
A movie that doesn't add up to the sum of its parts, yet some of those parts connect deeply anyway.
Green finally fulfills the promise he showed in his fine 2000 drama George Washington as a terrific builder of mood, atmosphere, and psychological suspense.
Seething with violence, bleeding with lyricism, it's a poem from the junk heap, a cry from the swamp, another night for another hunter.
No amount of still photography, lyrical scene setting or Green's undeniable skill at working with actors can make up for the adolescent, boys'-adventure-story motivations that drive these paper-thin characters to bogus acts of desperation.
Green's new film opens with a sequence that's at once visceral and baffling.
A motion picture that tries to fool viewers into thinking it is about more than it really is, Undertow is the perfect cinematic example of a wolf in sheep's clothing.
It wants to be a Southern Gothic for the new millennium, but plays more like a refried retread.
It's surprisingly visceral-at times almost thrilling.
A real Gothic page-turner in the William Faulkner tradition.
This film is all about mood and atmosphere...not very accessible or intriguing.
The young director David Gordon Green's first film with a conventional plot is a moody gothic thriller drenched in myth and superstition.
Lacks the gravity and the power to transcend its genre roots.
errs on the side of predictability
Too frequently, Green bludgeons his audience with precocious moments and ineffective interludes that siphon emotional momentum down the drain.
After the opening credits alone, the two women next to me let out gasps of - what? Pain? Shock? Disbelief? Anger? Whatever it was, this was only the beginning.
Undertow is an engrossing thriller that updates the enduring tale of Cain and Abel and also deals with the struggle of two boys to stay alive after their world falls apart.
Fine characterization and natural performances that many a higher concept film might envy.
While Green undeniably paints a vivid picture of life within this small town, the majority of the film just isn't terribly interesting.
The rich soundscape of natural noises creates a palpable sense of enveloping environment.
Undertow is the kind of mistake a young and adventurous director will make.
In the hands of a typical multiplex filmmaker, this would seem downright formulaic. But with Green and Orr at the reigns, things manage to seem fresh, exciting and different.






@highlight

Undertow 's gently fantastical elements are balanced by fully realized characters and a story with genuine, steadily accumulating emotional weight.