This is an interesting vignette. Even if nostalgia and flights of fancy cause Gondry to lose focus.
Captures the complexities at the heart of any family, with great generosity of spirit.
The exploration of the complicated relationship between mother and son provides the most compelling, emotionally grounded moments within the film.
Even as a fan, I found it very self-indulgent.
Its rambling structure, peppered with lyrical, magical-realist asides, may not be to all tastes, but there's a sense that Gondry wants this to be more than an eccentric personal portrait...
A touching insight into a family's inner workings.
We can recognize the portrait for its intimacy and appreciation of the challenges of a life lived, but it doesn't have any other real pull.
(Gondry's) playfulness keeps the film buoyant even as it delves into the thickets of emotional complications of family lives.
Gondry's masterful technique and subtle genre-tweaking almost make one forget that there isn't much drama to the story...
Brimming with affection and beautifully shot, but it builds a flimsy case for why it matters.
Anyone can make a crappy home movie, but it takes an especially self-important one to think anyone other than their own family wants to watch it.
Thorn is Gondry's most personal film, so personal as to be indulgent. But what emerges is his sincere affection for his aunt and a moving emotional experience.
This is an extraordinary film.
Stylishly filmed, [but] too slight, lazy and not nearly as moving or insightful as it could have been with more piercing and provocative interviews.
Like a guest invited to a family reunion, you feel a bit uncomfortable, question why you're there and wonder how long the event will last.
As Mr. Gondry unfolds the story of her life, and of her inability to connect with the son she sees as weak, you can understand why it would consume a familyâ(TM)s interest, but youâ(TM)re not sure why he thought it would pique ours.
The movie rarely flags, but it is hard to get past the notion that what is onscreen is nothing more than an artfully made home movie and that the Gondry family saga is no more interesting than that of the average loving, if somewhat dysfunctional family.
So-so documentary about filmmaker Michel Gondry's gregarious elderly aunt and her reminiscences of family and long years teaching kids in rural France. Clearly a joy for nephew Gondry and his aunt, but maybe this should have been kept en famille.
The film is well-constructed, as one would expect from Gondry, but it offers little reason for anyone outside the family circle to care about dear old Tante Suzette.
The film's opening -- a family dinner where favorite dishes are discussed -- suggests a liveliness that the film never fully realizes
The Thorn In The Heart's home-movie-style images are frequently lovely and the film has flashes of poignancy, but Gondry never fully gets across why the specifics of this family history should interest anyone outside his circle.
You can see that he meant it to be a toasty slice of nostalgia - and for Gondry, it surely is. For us, The Thorn in the Heart is more like a home movie of a family reunion we weren't invited to.
Watching Thorn is like being helplessly locked out of an inside joke.
Gondry makes you look into the screen -- makes you invest -- during an era when most moviemakers simply want to distract you.
A frequently mundane ramble that doesn't often put its raison d'être on the screen.
while I don't begrudge the esteemed director pursuing a subject slightly closer to home, I reserve the right to not want to watch it myself
Thorn In The Heart reads like an honest, considered portrait of a remarkable woman, but it's not much more than an amuse-bouche for Gondry fans.
Inevitably smaller-scaled than his mind-bendingly creative features, this moving but far from revelatory portrait of a beloved family figure registers as too slight and personal for significant theatrical play.
The title raises expectations of angst a-plenty, but the tone throughout is one of warm regard; you could make a documentary about some random octogenarian plucked off the street and have a good shot at stumbling onto a more eventful and interesting life.
"The Thorn in My Heart" should be intriguing to all who know the family, as well as to cineastes yonder at the arty film schools who will lap up its elliptical/self-reflexive style. Normal people will simply walk out on it.

@highlight

Michel Gondry's directorial style is as bewitching as ever, but his intensely personal subject matter may leave viewers wondering why The Thorn in the Heart didn't stay in the family.