By fleshing out the backgrounds of the factory's most peculiar characters and allowing Dahl's unique mixture of charm and menace to guide him, Burton has created a film that is sharp, scary, and, surprisingly, quite heartwarming.
It was once a place for pure imagination. Now, under Tim Burton's care, it's a madhouse again.
Depp, whose Wonka seems to be a cross between Michael Jackson and The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari's somnambulist Cesare, delivers an engaging surface performance, though I far prefer the more measured madness of Gene Wilder's interpretation.
[Depp is] ever the most watchable of freaks, even if he is slipping in and out of accents, looking perplexed at his slight lines and, most frustratingly, hinting at the mad -- okay, madder -- memorable turn that might have been.
Predictably twisted scenery, a bland story, a horrible alteration of Wonka, and an ending that's anything but pleasing...
Adults and kids alike will take macabre delight in the punishment of naughty children. Burton and co make smart and funny additions to this classic tale.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is quite simply, wonderful; a brilliantly imagined story that will win old fans and new fans alike.
The Nut Room scene, complete with squirrels, is unreservedly brilliant, a tour de force of electronic wizardry.
One of the best family films in a while and one of the year's stronger films to date.
Poised to become a new cult classic to replace the old one.
The material plays to [Burton's] strengths ... he's more interesting as a stylist than a storyteller.
Depp's Wonka exudes none of the gravity required for the role. It's as though he didn't take the role seriously. Rather than an intimidating candyman teaching brats a lesson, this Wonka is simply a freak.
Possibly the first Hollywood movie to design a fairy tale of sorts around globalization, the film conjures a mythic Brit multinational instead of the usual imperial realm, asa basically high caloric magical kingdom.
There's a lot of cool stuff on display here, but it lacks the consistent creative vision--or, if you like, the pure imagination--of the original film.
full review in Greek
If anything cramps Depp, and the film's sense of fun, it is the weight that is placed on reconciliation between Wonka and his father.
A funny and sweet adventure for kids and parents, thanks to Burton's ability to stir the imagination and tell a sweepingly charming story.
Soft-spoken, eccentric and just a little sadistic at times, Depp makes for an all-original Wonka, and not a rehash of Wilder's infamous work.
As the star who's framed in the center of nearly every shot he's in, Depp is a constantly surprising Willy Wonka.
Finally a worthy, excellent remake.
[Tim Burton] commands his environments with such exacting precision that one can't help but lose oneself in the intricate layers of sets and costumes.
In its combination of fidelity to its source and wacky visual ideas, Burton's take is a triumph of common sense and imagination -- exactly the qualities for which we admire children.
Witty, wonderful and wildly imaginative, Burton's first proper 'family movie' since Pee-Wee's Big Adventure delivers a sugar rush that'll last for days.
Fun and creepy.
Beautiful art direction, creative special effects and great performances make the movie just as sweet as any Wonka treat.
Even if it's not wholly faithful, this incarnation does the book justice and certainly outshines the 1971 musical.
If Charlie is upstaged by the factory, then the factory itself gets upstaged by Willy Wonka
Pure imagination is what will propel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory as a classic. Everything's irresistible, magical, and oh-so scrumdiddlyumptious.
Instead of destroying a "classic," as many people feared, Burton has completely reinvented and reinvigorated it, creating something terrific and timeless.
...this new Charlie and the Chocolate Factory makes for a splashy, eccentric movie treat.
This, along with “Edward Scissorhands” are among Burton's best-ever films.
Tim Burton and Johnny Depp collude to subvert the story's incidental allusions to Michael Jackson and his Neverland Ranch.
A visual carnival of colour and fantasy, dripping with quirk and seriously eccentric.
Yes, it's pretty hilarious, but it's also delightfully deranged in all the best ways.
It's hard to imagine a more fitting interpreter of Roald Dahl, particularly his beloved 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory,' than director Tim Burton.
More madcap than the original, with even more spectacular set designs and production values.
By turns dazzling, inventive, and amusing... this Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is one that ought to appeal to children of all ages.
[B]rilliant. It's a gleaming, candy-colored fantasy that teems with mad invention ... There's no other film quite like this one.
Of the somewhat overlong 115-minute running time, there's an entertaining 90 minutes of eye candy with a dark, daring center.
Dahl/Burton: El dulce-amargo chocolate de dos entes de oscura naturaleza artítsica.
...[Depp] just seems to be getting better and better.
This is not just a children's movie! This is a Tim Burton classic, and it must be seen on the big screen.
As entertaining as anything else in this movie are the opening frames that depict a chocolate bar being manufactured from the first chocolate drop to the final packaging.
Where Charlie and the Chocolate Factory really suffers is in Burton's direction. He seems to have lost the ability to make a film with any semblance of narrative flow.
A hugely enjoyable, brightly coloured children's fantasy, with a terrific central performance from Johnny Depp. In a word, delicious.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory has all the warmth of A Clockwork Orange.
A movie worth catching, mostly thanks to Depp who lights up the screen as the deliciously-dotty confectioner.
I wonder if even children will respond to the peculiarly humorless and charmless stylistic eccentricities of Mr. Burton and his star, Johnny Depp.
The tour turns out to be such a treat that one both hopes and expects the studio to turn it into a ride. But until that ride is built, the movie will have to suffice.
An intoxicating confection worthy of the children's classic written by Roald Dahl.
The ingenuity and audacity of it are thrilling at first, but it turns into a whipped cream that doesn't get better with too much churning.
Like a good piece of candy, Tim Burton's fantastical big-screen version of Roald Dahl's children's classic Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is sweet with just the right touch of sour.
...it's Depp who keeps things interesting throughout, if only to see what he'll say or do next.
Different enough to not make me shake my head and say, 'Why did they even bother?'
Though the idea of a Burton / Dahl collaboration would seem a perfect aligning of sensibilities, it becomes incredibly apparent that the director's pretenses get in the way of Dahl's simpler intent.
Not a remake, but a bold, genuinely delightful new interpretation of a classic children's story. With intoxicating color, sound and fury, and heart, Tim Burton pulls it off.
Except for the Chocolate factory and Willie Wonka, this is an excellent film. Depp misses. Freddie Highmore scores!
Like Sense and Sensibility, a good screenplay can be its own creation and still be slavishly true to its source...a perfect cast and a loviong adaptation. Read the book.
Caso pudesse escolher, eu certamente optaria por conhecer o gentil Wonka de Gene Wilder, e não este monstro egocêntrico do (sim, divertido) filme de Tim Burton.
You don't walk out...feeling as though you've just been treated to a glorious special event. You walk out wondering into which pocket you put your car keys.
Sweetened by everything Hollywood money can buy. Maybe the only thing it doesn't have is a reason for being.
Gives chocoholics, especially those with a taste for the bittersweet varieties, something to stand up and cheer for.
While Depp's weird character dominates the film, it's actually director Tim Burton's visual design and memorable camerawork that makes the film into something special.
Once again, Tim Burton 'reimagines' a property he Just Doesn't Get. (See Planet of the Apes -- but not literally.)
It's just like being a kid again...in one gigantic candy store.
The Everlasting Gobstopper of Dahl adaptations.
Attempts to provide Wonka's backstory can slow down the film's momentum, but overall Burton puts an enjoyable twist on a beloved story while justifying the remake's existence.
There's more manic invention and sheer joy of filmmaking in any five minutes of Burton's Charlie than in all the mainstream releases of 2005 put together.
As a successor to the original, "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" is a pleasant enough concoction.
If you like when adults creepier than Michael Jackson joke about cannibalism in front of children, than you'll be in wonky heaven
It's designed to bring out the very worst qualities of children, none of which are pleasant, most of which hit their mark.
Depp's one-joke performance makes the film a confection with a hollow center.
Has the capacity to delight, but it also, for all its authorial authenticity, feels somewhat isolated.
Charlie's disturbing Factory.Tim Burton rendition of child's tale excessive.
An intoxicating endorphin rush.
You can't help feeling that a fantasist as accomplished as Burton can manage this kind of project with his eyes shut. The trouble is that, from film to film, his dreams are starting to look the same.
Like too much candy this movie causes a bellyache of entertainment
Burton's modernized take ... benefits from improved special effects and the unhinged brilliance of his repeat collaborator, Johnny Depp.
Oompa loompa doompadee doo, our bougie moves fit on MTV2
A yummy masterpiece.
Pure magic.
There's not much new behind the gates of the Wonka Factory for viewers who have the trippy Gene Wilder take seared into their memories.
Burton fans and those eager for a more accurate adaptation of the novel will be happy with this new movie.
It's got a gorgeous wrapper and a nut in the center, but it's not very sweet.
Definitely number one in movies about candy factories, nudging (or is that fudging) out 1971's 'Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory' by an everlasting gobstopper.
Perhaps the best defense of Pee-Wee Hermann and Michael Jackson ever offered.
Burton and Depp's Willy Wonka doesn't like children. I admire that.
Ignore the gaffes, and this retelling sparkles.
Enough to make any fan of the book cry  with delight at all the film gets so magically right, and with frustration that the film is still nearly ruined.
Imaginative and highly visual rendering with a deliciously venal wit.
Charlie hits the sweet spot despite Johnny Depp's misguided take on the Wonka legend
it is nice to see [Tim Burton] back in good form with his retelling of the Roald Dahl story
The Germans have a term for that sort of thing: "Schandenfreude." Lots and lots of sadistic fun.
Perversely enchanting, capturing Dahl's pre-Lemony Snicket snicketyness perfectly.
Depp's decision to play Wonka as a children's-show host (like Captain Kangaroo or Mr. Green Jeans) merged with the visage of Vogue editor Anna Wintour (though I'd say he looks more like Faye Dunaway by way of Michael Jackson) is one of his rare missteps.
Tim Burton is truly a cinematic visionary, and he proves it once again with Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
The production is top shelf.
Amused by bits here? Sure. Laughed heartily with pieces there? Of course. Enraptured with a performance or two? Definitely. But, on the whole, [Charlie] left me bizarrely cold...
There is a lot to become enchanted with - even if it looks as though most every character were a product of computer animation.
Despite a few faint glimmers of fun, the movie is lost lost lost and there's no excusing it.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is, pardon the pun, the ultimate eye candy. It's every bit as enjoyable as sinking your teeth into a great big Hershey bar.
Plays to a child's imagination and curiosity.
It has a few flaws, but like a chocolate bar that's a bit melted, it's still pretty good.
It's hard to say whether it's good or even enjoyable. What it is is thought-provoking, even if it doesn't mean to be.
Like hearing a cover version of a favorite song. It's not quite the original, but a fresh perspective can increase your appreciation.
A pretty good kids flick, but Edward Scissorhands remains Tim Burton's most magical fairy tale.
In its best sections, it's magically deranged in a way no other filmmaker could even come close to pulling off.
It's actually the closest Burton's ever come to making a kid's film.
Throughout his fey, simpering performance, Depp seems to be straining so hard for weirdness that the entire enterprise begins to feel like those excruciating occasions when your parents tried to be hip.
The summer's most visually arresting escapist adventure.
Neo-Gothic fantasist Tim Burton and writer John August play it strictly by the book for this darker but far more faithful adaptation of Roald Dahl's cautionary 1964 young-adult novel.
Opulently entertaining.
In Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, director Tim Burton does his best work in years.
Little more than empty calories in pretty packaging.
The film doesn't so much build as meander through spectacular sets towards an ending that falls resoundingly flat.
A wonderful, faithful, and entirely successful adaptation of Dahl's popular children's book.
A glorious pageant of wit and whimsy, and a new milestone in childhood moviegoing.
It's not orthodox Dahl but it's pure Burton, and, as it's been such a very long time since moviegoers have been afforded that particular treat, it's entirely welcome.
It's too heavy. It's too bitter. And it's definitely got too many nuts.
A movie that will delight children, annoy fans of the 1971 version that starred a slyly subversive Gene Wilder and perplex everyone else.
Even the most hardened skeptics... may be pleasantly surprised... wonderfully weird.
It's Depp's misfire that keeps the picture from becoming a genuinely sweet pleasure: As it stands, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is the equivalent of NutriSweet.
Lacks a creative spark.
It's appropriate that Burton and Depp would reunite to resurrect Willy Wonka, who also found wealth and power by embracing rather than denying his eccentricity.
If you're someone who holds the story, the good news is Burton doesn't go too far afield plotwise in this tale of five 'lucky' kids who get a nightmare tour of a chocolate dream factory.
Burton's movie is not only more faithful, complex and better cast, it has an essential ingredient: squirrels.
Burton has included a far more satisfying ending.
A scrumptious confectionery delight in a cheap, empty-calories cinematic world ... emerges as that rarest of treats: a remake that thinks, and acts, like a brand new movie.
This inventive, delightful and visually rich fantasy is more faithful to Dahl's source material [than Wilder's version].
Is it sweet? Sure. But Charlie is so much richer than that.
The Wilder film is like Hershey's milk chocolate, while Burton's film is like a chunk of Scharffen Berger.
A beautifully executed, visually astounding film about love and family.
Bizarrely entertaining and brilliantly designed.
The movie weighs a ton, as expensive Hollywood kitsch usually does, and it's to Burton and Depp's credit that it doesn't completely buckle under its own mass.
Director Tim Burton and actor Johnny Depp have done author Roald Dahl's children's fantasy proud, creating a cinematic fairy tale that is not too Grimm . . .
Begins with a bubble-gum bang, but leaves viewers gobstopped in the detached, thinly plotted half-pleasures of watching CGI mechanisms implode in a rainbow of fruit flavors.
A big, sweet chocolate kiss.
Burton was born to bring this story to life.
Much more faithful [to the source material].
Delightfully bittersweet.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a full-flavored Tim Burton movie. With real bite.
While the first Chocolate Factory was a color-mad eye-popper, this is something better: a carefully conceived and imaginatively created eye-opener.
Energy lags aside, I recommend the movie for the weird and wonderful display of imagination that Burton brings to the task -- not to mention the occasional mordant touch.
Even if audiences conduct thorough cavity searches through Burton's lush landscapes or Depp's deadpan quips, they'll find nothing magical.
(Johnny) Depp, unparalleled when it comes to stepping out on a thin limb of eccentricity, commits fully to one of the screen's most memorable characters.
Whereas the rotten kids were one-dimensionally awful in Wilder's version, in Burton's they are fully rounded cretins.
It's fun, it's weird, it's visually stunning. It's what going to the movies to escape is all about.
Coming from the fertile and creative mind of Tim Burton, it is still a marvelous confectionary delight, especially to those who like a darker chocolate.
Depp's oddball acting fits heavenly with Burton's vision, and the two team up yet again for another rousing, wildly original collaboration.
Looks like the sweetest truffle... goes down like a sourball.
Zany and unsystematic, and so encased by its own bizarre reality that at times you wonder whether you will need a few prescription drugs to get through it.
The kids and their parents are optimum consumers, always looking for the next product, greedy to get their hands and mouths on it.
Book a preemptive appointment with the dentist right now, because after watching this remake, kids are gonna want to gobble up every sweet in sight.
This is a perfect example of how to take a well-established tale and re-tell it for a whole new generation. Here's hoping the 2039 version is even half this much fun.
A fabulous indulgence.
Burton's fondness for telling darkly comic stories and Depp's knack for playing off-kilter recluses are useful here.
Our Golden Ticket arrived in 1971, however this new Factory produces undeniably tasty confectionery of a newfangled sort.
Tim Burton's pretty-good interpretation of the classic kid flick can't match the original ... but what could?
Whatever flaws it has, this sweet and sour morality tale is a beautifully crafted and bizarrely amusing delight.
Chocolate Factory is almost always funny and entertaining. It's just a shame that such talent has gone into a product that's so redundant.
Burton sticks to the text, but manages to play with it so that there's still no way of knowing which direction he is going.
Burton has created a psychedelic, off-beat, dark comedy combined with a heartfelt tale about one little boy who continues to hope and dream
I hate what the changes in tone and attitude from the 1971 flick say about how we've changed as a culture over the last 30 years...
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory will be the film today's children will be telling their children about when they want to introduce them to the great Willy Wonka.
Depp's performance may be the most inventive thing about the entire film
full of spirit, but it's all empty calories
Burton gets off to a great start but then lets his movie deflate, disappointingly, until little is left except a gaudy, admittedly imaginative circus.
C&tCF is a mind-blowing, uber-crunchy nutty treat - a literal cornucopia of imagination sparkling between, and dancing about, the touching tale, whipped up and frothy...
Wondrous and flawed.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a spectacle to be enjoyed, but only as such.
This movie is a riot of fiendish invention.
Burton has pulled off the near-impossible: a fresh look at a classic.
The movie has visual morsels and a showboat budget, but its truest words are spoken by one of the kids: 'What's the point of all this?'
In Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Tim Burton has taken the 1971 cinematic bonbon Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, based on Roald Dahl's classic book, added nuts, and created something weirdly wonderful.
A mischievously inventive, surreal entertainment, one that celebrates not only Whipple Scrumptious Fudgemallow Delight and Nutty Crunch Surprise but Busby Berkeley, Stanley Kubrick, the Beatles, and the outer-space acting choices of one Johnny Depp.
There's not a lot of substance to the kid-flick fantasy, but it does an exquisite job of transporting the viewers -- along with the protagonists -- to a gloriously magical setting.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is not a total triumph. But it's successful enough to linger in your memory, for the most part pleasantly.
Burton turns out to be the ideal filmmaker for this deliciously bizarre yarn.
Neither the director nor the star can be accused of slacking off; Charlie is brimming with energy, cleverness and craft. But it remains more an abstract exercise than an all-engulfing experience.
A great piece of entertainment.
The kids, their adventures and the song and dance numbers are so entertaining that Depp's strange Willy Wonka is not fatal to the movie, although it's at right angles to it.
Burton and Dahl share what could best be called an affinity for whimsical misery.
Good enough to stand on its own, but the film doesn't even begin to hold a candle next to 1971's version.
Entertaining and fabulously imaginative in many ways, this second bigscreen rendition of the late author's modest morality tale on the wages of unbridled excess sports excesses of its own.
It seems screenwriter John August couldn't resist explaining away Wonka's eccentricities and quirks through a run-of-the-mill subplot ...
It's all right without being particularly riveting.
Colorful in both ambience and acting.
Unlike some Burton films, this one doesn't just wow us with its looks. It's also a sweet movie, centering on Burton's favorite theme: dads and sons who don't mesh.
Depp's maniacally mischievous. Burton's bizarre yet weirdly wonderful. Get your surreal sweets are here!
As Burton shepherds Depp through yet another indelible performance, he reinvigorates the classic story with dazzling visual fervor.
Its heart is in the right place and it resists the temptation to junk up the story, but Depp does nothing with his character and the movie has little of the unique wit or panache that would make it appealing to an older-than-10 audience.
A treat for twisted children of all ages.
This is Burton in the winking mode and full-tilt visual extravagance of his three best movies: Pee-Wee's Big Adventure, Edward Scissorhands and Ed Wood.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is an inspired and hugely satisfying meeting of director and material.
... Charley and the Chocolate Factory is a movie that explodes with an idiosyncratic mindset that is both visually stunning and creepy.
Burton's gifts ensure you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen, but that doesn't necessarily mean you'll be happy with what you're seeing.
This grand-scale fairy tale is a rare golden ticket - see it on the big screen.
An exhilarating and fanciful movie that never drowns in money or technology.
A magical, mystical, messed up horror flick for the kiddies.
As good as it is at times, it's still missing a heart: the one thing about Dahl that postproduction can't insert.
Quite simply one of the best children's films in ages.
There's little wrong with Charlie, but it needs the Burton of old to animate its candy-colored universe with mischief and awe. Instead, he remains trapped like Wonka in a hermetic house of wonders, and the movie suffocates along with him.
A courageous return to form for Burton...films this imaginative and daring do not come along often.
Never stops doling out demented treats....Dahl's morality play of bad parenting and bad-egg kids is evergreen....a genuinely amazing movie.
Kids may get nightmares from this stuff. You get the feeling that's the way Dahl would have liked it.
A madhouse kiddie musical with a sweet-and-sour heart.
Visualized with imagination and artistry...strives for a magical quality it doesn't always achieve, but the attempt succeeds often enough to make the tour one you should take.
[A] magical ride that lets you be a kid again without giving up all the cynicism inherent with being an adult
The result isn't dark. It's cheerily unsettling in a way that only leftfield satirists like Burton and Dahl can pull off.
Enough to keep my sweet-tooth satisfied, thanks mostly to Johnny Depp's unbridled lunacy as the master of ceremonies.
Tim Burton is ideally suited to bringing Roald Dahl's twisted-as-taffy children's tale to the big screen, and the sourball confection created as a result is pure movie magic.
Lovers of Dahl's book will almost certainly appreciate what Burton has wrought.
A plastic patina of thin freakshow-ism that, at times, seems perverse merely for the sake of it.
Speaking as a diehard fan of Depp's strangest work, it breaks my heart that this one just doesn't come off. We're always stubbornly aware it's just Johnny being weird again.
With a surprisingly docile tone that's more peculiar than petrifying, Burton's foray to the famous factory becomes something of a gooey mess.
Tragically, by the end of this second chocolate high, we kind of have Wonka figured out. And that's not a good thing.
Fun and nourishing, Charlie's the topsy-turvy equivalent of a three-course dinner in a single stick of gum.
This is like a movie from the good old days of Hollywood where the good guy wins and there's an uplifting moral...beautiful color and terrific acting by Depp and Highmore.
As the master chief, Burton combines all the right ingredients for a wholly unique and perfectly entertaining tale.
An instant classic!
A winning, charming, very droll children's film for the whole family.
Charlie is [Tim Burton's] best work in a decade...
It does look great.
Though compromised by Depp's bizarre turn, the film exhibits Burton's vivid, flamboyant imagination, fully realizing the book's visual potential, at times neglecting its soul


@highlight

Closer to the source material than 1971's Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Factory, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is for people who like their Chocolate visually appealing and dark.