The fact that Chinaski can be ably transplanted from the '40s to the early 21st century, and from LA to MN, speaks to his endurance as American literature's preeminent antihero, and Dillon seems to have a firm grip on this notion.
A slouching portrait of Bukowski that's likeable, if superficial.
Factotum is an existentialist indie film about the loneliness of the human condition, which is normally the cinematic equivalent of having a hole drilled in your head.
An understated and atmospheric portrait of the artist as a young booze-hound built around a quiet but magnetic performance by Matt Dillon.
Minimalism-a-thon, numb from the very start
Dillon is an utterly excellent actor without ego.
The entire production hangs on Dillon, but he's up to the task, serving up Hank's heart with bottom-of-the-barrel bravado.
Norwegian director Bent Hamer ("Kitchen Stories") mines the rich literary soil of poet/novelist Charles Bukowski to issue forth a piquant cinematic showcase for Bukowski's talent and malaise.
Wryly funny and understated and surprisingly easy to watch.
Will not please devotees of narrative closure, but it's a must for anyone who lives by our hero's credo: 'If you're going to try, go all the way. Otherwise, don't try at all.'
Unfortunately -- like its lead character -- the film doesn't do much more than drift from one scene to another.
This portrait of an artist as a young sot reels and swaggers towards some kind of redemptive conclusion but, in a truly bold move on the part of the filmmakers, never quite gets there.
The film unfolds at a leisurely pace and takes the form of a series of incidents and anecdotes, which works surprisingly well.
Factotum isn't for everybody, certainly not the abstentious. But there's no denying it, Chinaski appeals to our inner anarchist.
Dillon delivers with a cocky denseness that is at once hilarious and poignant...
The transplant didn't take in Barfly, and it works no better here in Factotum. In each case, the baying of the boozehounds just seems repetitious and banal -- the noise endures but the joy is gone.
Bleak-ish, inebriated and quite exhilarating in the full-on Bukowski fashion.
Quite dull, truth be told. As good as Dillon and Taylor are in their roles, making us side with them even as we despise them, there's not a whole lot that happens in a life ruled by the bottle, the butt and the shag.
It's not a great film but it might seem great because it does justice to the life force of an exceptional man who had something to say about not being mediocre.
At its best when it taps into the allure of indolence: The almost scandalous feeling of freedom that comes from sitting on a barstool in midafternoon, without a job, a schedule or responsibilities.
Dillon is play(s) ... still and deep but with a suggestion of a kind of social autism that prevents Hank from succeeding at even the most modest level of human enterprise.
A more apt title for this film might be - Alcoholic writers who can't hold a job and the low-life women who love them.
Is it just me or is Matt Dillon just getting better with age?
Factotum, for all its grim grind, is funny-serious, and smart-stupid.
This is one of the best movies of the year, and one of the two or three best performances.
Factotum is right up there with Barfly as a distillation of Bukowskian badinage, despite the current film's sketchier provenance.
This adaptation of Charles Bukowski's semi-autobiographical novel doesn't whitewash a career boozer's life, but in this bleary world it finds a throbbing, deadpan hilarious vein of black humor.
Dillon is better now that he's settled into sturdy middle age. He makes more sense; I never got him as a Tiger Beat centerfold.
There's a masterpiece in here somewhere.
The acting is excellent, and Factotum does not pull any punches as it wallows in the darker side of life.
An audience's appreciation for Bent Hamer's film rests largely on how much time they'll want to spend in Chinaski's well-worn groove.
Good tonic for anyone who's suffered the hangover of the American dream.
... when taking Bukowski at his sodden solipsistic word, there isn't much there there.
I just didn't think the comic touches were very subtle and very funny and the other stuff we've just seen before.
Despite Hamer's deadpan, frequently wordless staging of his finely shot scenes, the end result is a disappointingly literal portrayal of a twentieth-century poet's life.
I know Bukowski is practically legendary in some circles; to me he is an unutterable bore.
Dillon and director Hamer manage to give us a real Bukowski by avoiding the overly dramatic histrionics that sometimes marred Barbet Schroeder's similarly themed 1987 booze-drama, Barfly with Mickey Rourke.
Hamer clearly understands the cracked, ruined beauty of Bukowski's poetry, and he has listened closely to the sentiments of a Bukowski line quoted in the film: 'If you're going to try, go all the way.'
Even the most bleary, bloodshot eyes will see a wrenching faithfulness of spirit in Matt Dillon's candid portrayal of Henry Chinaski, Bukowski's autobiographical doppelgänger.
Approved by the writer's widow and estate, this may be the closest movies have come (outside of documentaries) to Bukowski.
Warts and all, Factotum feels very close to the real thing.
An aimless movie about an aimless man is still an aimless movie.
One of the few films that gets to the heart of what a writer does and how he does it, without the clichés of pages being torn from the typewriter, crumpled and tossed on the floor.
While not really a complete film, Factotum functions as an atmospheric, diverting character study.
Matt Dillon gets gritty--and drinks a lot--in director Bent Hamer's interesting but uneven adaptation of Charles Bukowski's acclaimed novel.
This adaptation captures the late writer's unkempt soul.
At times, the picture recalls Jim Jarmusch at his very best, with all the self-indulgent parts cut out.
Gets the mixture right ... director Bent Hamer has a knack for coaxing nuance out of deadpan, and his efforts here linger longer than can be easily aspirined away.
Minimalist rendition of Bukowski masterpiece
This is one of the best bad movies of the entire year.
Wins you over even as it dares you to keep watching.
It's a deadpan comedy that looks upon the world with an honesty and impassiveness worthy of its protagonist -- and of the author standing behind him.
Dillon first displayed this talent playing a junkie in Drugstore Cowboy; his Chinaski is like an older, alcoholic reflection of that career-making character.
The movie, like its hero, has a deadpan, low-key humor, and once you understand that it's not going to show us the cycle of recovery or Hank's big break into the world of publishing, it's just a pleasure to sit back and see what comes out of Hank's mouth.
Hamer illuminates Bukowski's dark, sleazy little corner. He makes us feel with Hank and, surprisingly, at times, feel for him.
In cherry-picking the more filmable episodes from the novel, Hamer and Stark have constructed a sort of poor man's Barfly, with an emphasis on drunken mischief.
Hamer has created a tidy film about a fabulously messy man.
Almost 20 years after Barfly, Factotum mostly feels... unnecessary.
... a well-made-but-marginal film about a well-liked-but-marginal figure in American letters.
Dillon shambles, dishevels and enunciates, simulating with precise timing and bearing a wholly satisfying portrayal of Charles Bukowski.
Save yourself the anguish and money. If you want to watch Matt Dillon that badly, rent 'Crash' again.
If Bukowski's life was fascinating enough for him to put it into book form, Norwegian Bent Hamer's direction doesn't do it justice.
One of the more striking aspects of Hamer's wily adaptation is the way it undercuts the seedy glamour of the author's cult even as it reinforces it.
Hard liquor goes in at the mouth, but when we're lucky, it comes out in the writer's grip.
Sort of like the daytime version of Barfly's nights, Factotum is a trifle, but one filled with amusing, even touching moments.
Factotum exists in a dryly comic world of woozy indifference, and it holds your attention in the same soft but secure way that Henry clutches a bottle.
Caustically funny, often in a vulgar way, and rather enjoyable in its life-of-a-starving-artist miserableness.
What distinguishes it is Hamer's amusingly deadpan approach to the material and Dillon's uncanny ability to embody it in his performance.
Hamer could have picked any period of Chinaski's semi-fictional, whiskey-soaked life and ended up with the same enjoyably episodic, rusty blade of a movie.
With Dillon at the helm Bukowski's muse comes alive; chaotic and maddening but eminently watchable.
The beautiful joke of Factotum is that Dillon is nobility itself.
A rewarding experience. Dillon is just perfect in this darkest of comedies.
Flip on the Independent Film Channel any day of the week, any hour, and chances are you'll find a movie like Factotum.
Bukowski had a bunch of none too kind things to say about Barfly upon its release in the 80s, but, with Factotum, he'd do plenty of bitching and moaning as well, but deep down, Hank would approve.
What makes any of it work is Dillon's attention to the subtleties of the man's speech and mannerisms, which turns what might have been a casting disaster into a remarkably satisfying portrayal.
While the acting is good, the narrative is flat and repetitious. The director doesn't connect the scenes into a meaningful character study.
A seamy and funny adaptation of Charles Bukowski's 1975 novel Factotum.
There are a few laughs -- and a corking hangover.
A surprisingly satisfying film, true to Bukowski and itself, a work that manages to make the man and his profane world more palatable without compromising on who he was and what he stood for.
Factotum, adapted and directed by Norwegian filmmaker Bent Hamer remains faithful to the source material, a plus if you appreciate Bukowski's deadpan, down-and-out writing.
Factotum features standout performances from its three leads, each conveying the spirit of Bukowski -- the fallen characters drawn into his orbit, raw and real and desperate.
Matt Dillon shows his stuff in the ultimate troubled-male role of Bukowski's archetypal slacker.
Seems more like a series of vignettes than a movie with an actual plot or story.
a must-see for all of us fascinated by Charles Bukowski, by his persona as much as his words
Factotum is so sly and low-key hilarious that anybody can be in on the joke.
Matt Dillon inhabits the role of Henry Chinanski, the alter ego of the writer Charles Bukowski, in Bent Hamer's adaptation of Bukowski's 1975 novel of the same name.
In his finest performance since Drugstore Cowboy, Dillon plays Chinanski with funereal grandiosity, breathing in every particle of his self-destructiveness like a long, slow drag from a cigarette.
After a while, Factotum surrenders to monotony and only the performances are likely to retain the viewer's interest. There's probably an audience for this film, but I suspect it's not a large one.
This is the sort of movie in which nothing happens -- in the worst sense.
Bukowski deserves better than this dismal, wearisome adaptation of his novel, and so do Bukowski's fans. Director Bent Hamer's movie is ugly, depressing and persistently off-putting.
Bent Hamer's deadpan adaptation of the Charles Bukowski novel has an appealing listlessness, but it begs the question: Is there anything left to learn from this material?
When you're a writer you are compelled to write and this film captures that compulsion...but it's very slow.
The unsightly Bukowski, in his rumpled attire, and his lead characters (who are most often spins on himself) are fascinating personalities to watch, sort of like little tornados which are more destructive to themselves than to society at large.
Bukowski cleverly shows the appeal to women of down-and-out men.
Estudo de personagem eficiente que transpõe com inteligência o texto de Bukowski para o Cinema, proporcionando a Dillon a chance de oferecer mais uma grande performance.
This dramatically constrained art piece doesn't put anything mainstream in sight for Hamer's expressionless humor and social satire.
It's an absorbing, hypnotic piece of scotch-soaked filmmaking.
The squalor is part of the romance of the outlaw.
Matt Dillon's reserved, internalised performance is a standout, embellished by his sometimes confronting, sometimes intimate narration, with a melancholy soundtrack filling up the cracks where hope threatens to shine through
That view from abroad gives this askew look at a life of drift and impermanence a subdued, modest grace.
A character who would be treated as an unlovable or tragic figure almost anywhere else emerges here as a hero of self-expression.
Factotum, which means general servant, shows that Bukowski's stories are as interesting, funny, tragic, and relevant as ever.
The film may be modest in its ambitions -- but achieves just as much anyway. Just terrific.
I'd gladly say that Factotum is worth seeing for Dillon's performance alone -- but the flick's got a whole lot more to offer than that.
Hilarious, sobering, and inspiring, often at the same time.
Dillon gives one of the performances of his career.
An intoxicating comedy based on the writings of cult author Charles Bukowski.
The saving grace is Dillon who delivers a tour de force performance.
It may not match the venom of Bukowski's words, but you do emerge from the cinema determined to quit your job, become a penniless bum and focus your energies on meaningful pursuits.
An arthouse movie version of seediness--a bit more muted, engaging and beautiful than real life.
One of the Cannes Film Fest discoveries, Bent Hamer's Factotum, inspired by Charles Bukowski's work, captures the early life of the iconoclastic street poet.
The script excerpts the writer's poetry and prose sparingly and to good effect, Dillon's gravelly delivery full of an instinctive, deep feel for language.
Arguably one of the best adaptations of Bukowski's work.
Bent Hamer mostly gets it right in Factotum, a sweetly observed character study




@highlight

Matt Dillon's performance is the highlight of this somewhat slow but fascinating portrayal of Charles Bukowski's alter-ego.