It's sometimes frustratingly manipulative, but where The 33 goes right, is that even though the sentimentality is laid on pretty thick, it's easy to care about these people
This is a plain biopic that has its heart in the right place but doesn't deliver anything extraordinary.
Thankfully, things do slowly improve, helped by an ensemble cast led, almost inevitably, by Antonio Banderas, and the emotional climax is likely to leave audiences moist-eyed.
I guess the filmmakers were afraid that we'd forget they were Chilean if they didn't all sound like banditos in a spaghetti Western.
For a movie about trapped miners, there is a shocking absence of tension.
While there are parts of the film that feel cliché, and some subplots that could stand to be edited down or removed altogether, it's undeniable that The 33 wears its heart on its sleeve.
Riggen charts the cave-in and ensuing rescue efforts to stirring if conventional effect, abetted by one of the late James Horner's final scores.
While the elements that do not work frustrate, the stuff revolving around those who truly deserve to be labeled as heroes thankfully never does.
The 33 reminds me of those great disaster movies of the 1970s, only this one is a true story. Without giving too much away, there's a lovely coda to this film, so don't rush for the exit at the end if you've an ounce of empathy for these miners.
Director Patricia Riggen efficiently touches all the bases without doing what Ron Howard did so well in Apollo 13 - creating an air of uncertainty despite the final outcome being known.
There is plenty of drama and suspense in this true-life story, but the screenplay relies too heavily on formula and is swathed in Hollywood sentimentality.
The 33 reminds us that all those faraway global news stories we click by every day are actually about real people -- fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, sons, daughters, families. Loved ones. Humanity. I can't think of a better reason to go to the movies
Corny as it was, I cried when the men were rescued.
Mexican-born filmmaker Patricia Riggen makes the telling of this complicated true story of the 2010 Chilean San José Mine shaft collapse look easy. And, well ... fun!
Production design is superb -- the size of the tunnels and how deep they are are shown in a way that is both realistic and awe-inspiring.
The 33 feels perpetually caught between championing this triumph of human spirit and technical innovation over the forces of nature.
It's a relatively solid outcome for The 33 and sure, it's got its kinks and flaws, but there's enough human drama to warrant a watch.
It focuses on painting emotion that was there anyway, missing a chance to exploit richer plot elements. As a result it is not as powerful as it might have been.
The film is forgettable, but the story it tells us is a touching one, and worth remembering.
Sanitized for Hollywood, a harrowing, real-life story does not always make a good film.
The men's ordeal remains powerfully affecting, although there are long stretches when it is touch and go whether their story will end up buried beneath a mountain of Hollywood cheese and cliché.
The 33 lacks in emotion, construction and staging. [Full Review in Spanish]
A decent, absorbing film but it all felt more urgent and compelling when it was unfolding on a daily basis on the news.
Riggen methodically juxtaposes crises above and below ground level, the only stylistic surprise being a scene that recalls a hallucinatory moment from Oliver Stone's wholly superior World Trade Center.
The notion of a browned-up Juliette Binoche playing a humble Chilean street-food seller deserves the snorting it will undoubtedly trigger.
In the end The 33 only grabs on a superficial level.
Once seen, instantly forgotten.
A conventional but gripping dramatisation.
What it does have is a gripping made-for-the-movies combination of horror and heart as the families of the men gather at the surface, first in protest at the lack of help, then in celebration as the government gets behind the miners' plight.
Riggen's account... is more thoughtful than the average disaster movie.
It's pretty hokey but likable, and the fantasy "last supper" scene is tear-jerking stuff.
The astonishing true life story of The 33 deserves a better than movie than this. Trite above and below ground, it is not suitable for miners. Or anyone else really.
How a film with this many faults can still deliver the emotive release it's angling for is not, perhaps, as mysterious as it seems - you can hack away at it with a pickaxe, but this story's indestructible.
A missed opportunity to tell what should be a captivating real-life disaster tale that is instead plodding, scattershot, and lacking in dramatic impetus.
Strong drama and inherent humanity prevail to ensure that even the most hard-hearted of viewers will crack and blubber with a lump in their throats.
Despite dramatic physical effects during the initial structural collapse, The 33 lacks the claustrophobia expected, playing out like a 70s disaster movie minus the narrative tension.
Based on true events, and well balanced, the story of "The 33" may be a surprise to many who only know the basics of the event.
This is reel and real life.
This is the rare film that combines the narrative thrust and suspense of an Anderson Cooper 360 episode with the shameless schmaltz and racially dicey casting choices of an old-school Hollywood biopic.
Oh, how I joined the rest of the world to watch and hope when the miners were trapped.
Riveting and Inspiring
When the time comes it can manipulate human experience for a gut punch. The 33 is a bad movie, but you can't say it doesn't have a heart.
The film seems less the problem than the idea that the story could, and should, be dramatized.
The 33 is too wrapped up in its theatricality to maintain a sense of authenticity.
The 33, produced with the cooperation of the real survivors, is about making heroes out of everyday people -- miners and empanada sellers. Someone else will have to take on the mining industry.
You may never go down to your basement again without a headlamp and a 10-day food supply.
The 33 is a stable studio job about a recent headline, one that sympathetically gets away from its legacy and focuses on the human element.
Its emotional center is hard to forget but considering the powerful subject material, it's hard not to leave the theater without a sense of disappointment.
The film exaggerates an already unlikely story, generalizing a unique political climate and transforming multi-faceted individuals into broad character types.
A well-executed dramatization that never quite punches across the lightning in the bottle. Its strongest selling point is Antonio Banderas, who's excellent as the trapped team's designated leader.
It's fraught with cosmetic problems regardless of its heartfelt intentions.
One of the great things about "The 33" is the too-rare portrayal of South Americans as decent, hard-working people with loving families.
Their tale is sanitized and Anglo-cized in the film, stripping these men's story of its emotional and cultural impact.
If we could unearth these guys from their living tomb, how hard is it to find nonwhite actors to play real people? ... Miner story, major fail.
The 33 is never able to make the most of what ought to be an engrossing story.
Mostly aims for easily mined deposits of nerves and heartstrings, rather than the more stubborn, more rewarding veins of character and soul.
There's nothing wrong with a survival-against-all-odds story that aims for the heart instead of the head, but this one keeps blasting indiscriminately away at the heart, destroying all the other vital organs along the way.
Hollywood formula plays much too big a role in this amazing true story.
An entertaining and earnest chronicle of the 33 with solid performances - one that is undercut by otherwise standard docudrama throughout.
The resilience of these men and their families, who would not back down from a fight with the Chilean government, which was forced to do the right thing, is remarkable, and deserves to be brought to life in this inspiring film.
As emotional as the rescue effort was, equally fascinating are the technical challenges that the crews had to overcome to bring the men to the Earth's surface.
"The 33" is exactly what you can expect or hope with this story: a tense and uplifting film that puts an unbelievable true story to celluloid.
In trying to breathe life into too many characters, the screenplay transforms them all into thinly-drawn caricatures. In focusing on its feel-good, inspirational ending, it fails to make nearly 2 hours of hardship a worthwhile experience.
It's hard to think of another movie this year that has a stronger message about hope -- or a gentler one about forgiveness.
You forgive the movie its faults, or most of them, because its heart is firmly in the right place.
This story of courage and fortitude - the miners were trapped underground for 69 days - also cannot avoid the pitfall of clichés - both below and above the ground.
More problematic is the frustrating feeling that there are fascinating layers to this survival story, if only the scripters had dug deeper.
It's a tremendous story of perseverance in the face of immeasurable odds. Told as it is, however -- as incredible as the events are, and given that much more weight for actually happening -- the film plays like an investigative news report.
Solid survivalist story, an inspirational tribute to the miners' fortitude, resilience and spirit.
Gripping, intense true ordeal of trapped Chilean miners.
As the crew drives into the mouth of the mine we are filled with a visceral sense of dread. The detail of having the men driven down into the earth reinforces how deep they are going and how unnatural the whole experience seems.
A workman-like, if not inspired, tale of survival with a great international cast.
This unabashedly crowd-pleasing movie gets to its uplifting but also somewhat disquieting conclusion and coda (which, as is the custom these days, introduces the audience to the real-life miners) with its integrity intact.
The 33 is not a failure. It's a crowd-pleasing, sentimental, middle-of-the-road venture suitable for any audience. And that's a pity, because the subject matter cries out for a much more muscular treatment.
The 33 does not try hard. It performs its tale to perfectly perfunctory satisfaction.
The 33 offers a story we already know and misses a lot of opportunities in the telling.
It's 33 minutes too long and does a poor job of mining anything interesting out of this very emotional and heartwarming story.
It is so hard to make a compelling human-drama film out of any story when you know the ending going in.
An okay drama with some moments that worked better than others, but I didn't feel it was as harrowing or engaging as it probably could and certainly should have been. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
The strength of those miners and the unlikely hope of their families, was utterly captivating. Their survival moved me deeply then and, with The 33, it still does now.
It's never a good sign when the real people behind a movie's story appear in the end credits and you're stumped as to who's who.
What happened in Chile really was a triumph of the human spirit, as cliched as it is to write that sentence. The miners deserved a better movie, but that's not how it works.
A compelling but too-tidy dramatization of a remarkable rescue event.
The perfect movie to see if you do not enjoy being surprised, challenged, or inspired.
It sounds strange, but The 33 is the feel-good mining disaster of the movie of the year.
Despite a valiant effort by the actors, The 33 had the major mountain of familiarity to overcome. Everyone tries, but they just can't do enough to get viewers to the emotional peak.
Director Patricia Riggen brings the skill at visual storytelling and tender-hearted but resilient optimism she showed in "Under the Same Moon" to this story.
This watchable, straightforward drama recounts the 2010 disaster at the San Jose mine in Chile, which trapped 33 men underground for 69 days and focused the world's attention on the exploitation of miners (for 69 days, anyway).
The outcome of the episode is known - all were rescued after 69 days underground while a rapt world watched on TV - but director Patricia Riggen keeps the tension high with those omnipresent sonic cues.
"The 33" is a grind. Literally; lots of drilling that is as exciting as a root canal. That, plus sentimentality and platitudes - even Banderas has a hard time with lines like "That's the heart of the mountain. She finally broke."
"The 33" does a pretty decent job of laying out a complicated yarn and seasoning it with dramatic moments as it twists and turns toward an uplifting conclusion.
Almost fatally conventional.
With one exception, director Patricia Riggen follows a pretty standard playbook, making this a mediocre cinematic experience despite its dramatic real life events.
Save your money and just watch YouTube videos of the real thing, which are 100 times more engaging.
The 33 tells an impossible story that happened to be real [...] Unfortunately, the film-although well-intended-somehow dilutes and weakens that memory.
The 33 is well-meaning, well-crafted and faithful to the source material, but ultimately it feels disappointingly formulaic.
This movie packs an emotional wallop.
This material is probably more suited for a TV miniseries. There is a lot of ground to cover here: 33 miners, lots of family members, a host of government officials and the media-sensation disaster itself.
Massaging the facts to pump up the drama is a necessary evil in a film like this, but "The 33's" cinematic beats are so familiar that they undercut the sense of realism that would make it more compelling.
The 33 is less than a disaster movie, the actual disaster happening pretty quickly, and more a test of patience among its cast and for the audience, who will know how it all ends unless they too have been living under a rock.
A tangled and pedestrian narrative gets in the way of the thrills, which are still considerable.
The movie ultimately becomes a soap opera, with characters exaggerated to the point that authentic sentences of words in the film are rare. There is yelling, accusing, bickering and other exclamations but rarely a conversation worth talking about.
Converting a recent, true event that gripped the world's attention into popcorn entertainment is almost tantamount to admitting defeat from the get-go.
The 33 is a grab bag of emotional proddings linked by a shared disaster... a disappointing lack of depth for a movie about being trapped 2,400 feet below.
A film that skillfully employs dramatic tension, fully fleshed-out characters and even moments of genuine humor that make it well worth watching.
The supporting miners are as caricatured as the most famous miners in movie history-Snow White's seven dwarves-though the pastor, the drinker, and the ladies' man are not as engaging as Doc, Happy, and Bashful.
Who knew disasters could be so enjoyable? Way to go, triumph of the human spirit!
With the help of some solid performances and James Horner's heart-squeezing, throat-constricting score (one of the last he composed before his death in June), "The 33" holds your attention and pushes the required buttons.
Disappointingly formulaic.
Stalled in management mode for much of its duration, Riggen's film nonetheless has its solid elements, one of them being Banderas' energetic lead performance.
The inspirational docudrama nicely evokes the havoc of the initial cave-in, but spends too much time above ground to convey the existential horror of the almost-buried men.
What these men endured is remarkable, and the logistics of the rescue are remarkable as well. "The 33" settles for an unremarkable chronicle of that endurance test.
A peculiar combination of dutiful recreation and souped-up Hollywood disaster movie.
The world may have seen the outcome, but it's still convincing, a story of courage without platitudes, and it features one of Antonio Banderas' best performances in years.
None of Los 33, not even Banderas' character, has much of a personality. They're mostly defined by the women waiting for them at the surface. That's a pity on multiple levels.
This story includes several nightmarish scenarios, yet the storytelling is its own kind of fraudulent nightmare.
It does what it sets out to do, which is turn a horrible tragedy into feel-good fodder.
At the very least, it doesn't resemble a television movie, with enough style and thespian bigness to transform the meager tale into an event.
A clumsy dramatization of the 2010 Copiapó mining accident, Patricia Riggen's The 33 can at least be credited with mining an under-explored sub-genre: the chamber disaster movie.
The familiar beats of the tale are comforting, rather than galvanizing, because we know what's coming.
Strangely cast and melodramatic, but Antonio Banderas' commanding performance makes this worth watching.
There's too much stilted acting here and too little psychological insight to render an interesting, or even credibly true, story of humanity in crisis.
Even when it seems the story may be winding up, new and fascinating facets of this narrative jewel are revealed, giving the audience a one-sitting feast, which still has its place in our rich media diets.
Though it's not a great film by any means, director Patricia Riggen extracts a fair few moments of inspiration and brilliance from the mountain of sanitized mush that is The 33.
The film doles out a shock or hits a (usually hollow) emotional note every few minutes with mechanical precision.
Cutesy. Patronizing. Overlong. But it still works.
The picture stumbles, and it may not completely be the fault of the filmmakers. Unless you drastically alter the details of real life, they don't always translate meaningfully to the screen.
Given the large ensemble of players and relatively short running time, 'The 33' only has room for a handful of characters with any real screentime, but even the most visible can barely make a dent.
The basic story survives intact: a barely credible chronicle of catastrophe, incompetence, heroism, and a full geyser's-worth of that commodity so prized by film producers: the human spirit.
Não consegue sequer criar uma atmosfera de claustrofobia mesmo se passando no interior de uma mina.
Director Patricia Riggen finds a rigorous and affecting visual language for The 33, but she and her international cast are hampered by a screenplay that too often gets in the way of a powerful story.
Setbacks and fights arrive on cue and prompt new inspirational speeches. The whole film becomes as mechanical as the oversized drills in play at the rescue site.
Winds up looking less like a sober docudrama than a ginned-up Irwin Allen disaster movie.
It's as though Riggen directs from a checklist of proven emotive shots. However there is no question that this is an extraordinary tale of human fortitude and resilience ...
Far from being a touching movie about the miners, the film falls into the melodrama territory with some tense moments here and there. [Full review in Spanish]
Casting Banderas as Mario Sepúlveda is a smart choice, it's one of the highlights of the movie. [Full review in Spanish]
"The 33" delivers what it promised: A family film to make you feel and cry. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie to take your grandma or aunts and watch an "emotional" story, nothing more. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that tries to be deep, but it never really delivers.[Full review in Spanish]
A great tribute to the tragedy, even though it never tries to be an exact retelling of the incident, it doesn't oversell the drama. [Full review in Spanish]
On a commercial aspect, it makes sense that the film is in English, however this softens the impact on one of the most shocking tragedies in Latinamerica and feels like cultural apropiation. [Full review in Spanish]
Maybe the real story has a little makeup on it, but at the end we have a shocking, universal and touching movie with an amazing cast. [Full review in Spanish]
A great production with an even better international ensemble, Juliette Binoche stands out. [Full review in Spanish]
The characters and situations are so exagerated to the point it gets irritating or even ridiculous. [Full review in Spanish]
Being based on a true story, the film can tap easily to the feelings of the audience, but it never abuses this resource. [Full review in Spanish]
As the film runs can be perceived the politically correct proposal, some surreal shots, but never gets the emotions collide. [Full review in Spanish]

@highlight

The 33 offers an appropriately inspirational account of real-life heroism, but its stirring story and solid performances are undermined by a flawed focus and an overreliance on formula.