The film is well done. But it is a late arrival in a decade-long parade of dysfunctional-family indie films.
It's a fascinating plea, on Kleine's part, to make sense of the many cul-de-sacs and hidden passageways in her mother's life. She doesn't succeed, but you have the distinct feeling that she couldn't have.
Very funny, and surprisingly touching, Phyllis and Harold finds romance and poetry out there in Long Island -- accomplishments indeed.
A portrait of a marriage that epitomizes "lives of quiet desperation."
One of the most profound movies about married life seen on screen in some time.
Phyllis and Harold has extraordinary breadth and depth and has been made with wit, compassion and imagination, and it reflects the complexity of life itself.
An engaging, earnest tale bungled through the intrusions of the filmmaker.
Everything you wanted to know about a marriage and probably a few things you could have done without.
Sports a talented eye for cinematic images but forgoes much documentarian value in its general refusal to address these matters from a more naturally candid state.
Why someone would want to lay bare their parents' marital issues for the world to see is beyond me, but that doesn't detract from the film's insightfulness.
Their very middle-class ordinariness and conventionality makes this an archetypal look beneath the stereotypes of a generation who felt pressured to conform in the suburbs.
A creative and unsettling documentary that reveals how yearning can be both a burden and a blessing to those caught in its grasp.
Engrossing, sad and heartbreaking.
There's a broad range of deeply personal knowledge refracted through Cindy Kleine's lens that encompasses generational shifts of perspective. "Phyllis and Harold" is a bold and audacious winner.
An impossibly self-involved portrait of a union far more commonplace than its offspring seem to believe.
My only question: Why does Kleine -- who's married to Andre Gregory of My Dinner With Andre fame -- think that anybody outside her family gives a damn?
This so-so doc about yet another dysfunctional middle-class New York Jewish family disintegrating in a recent bygone era is definitely best suited to home viewing.
An endearing, suspenseful and well-edited documentary bursting with harsh truths about love, the vicissitudes of marriage and the innate struggles to find one's true happiness, identity and liberation.
Kleine forgoes good-old-days nostalgia in an effort to examine a generation that braved the new America sans a rule book.
Evocatively fleshed out with surprisingly iconic homemovies, passionate love letters and well-chosen pop tunes, Kleine's homegrown Jewish Madame Bovary escapes the navel-gazing boundaries of the personal-diary docu
There's a secret busting out of Cindy Kleine's documentary about her parents' long and -- depending on whom she talks to -- unhappy marriage, but it's a pretty banal one.
What is intrinsically fascinating to the filmmaker (because of familial ties) must be of equal significance to an audience who has no vested interest in the subjects.
Cindy's conclusions are directly at odds with the evidence on the screen, and the entire story is surprisingly compelling for such a modest effort.

@highlight

It isn't as profound as it pretends to be, and it strays uncomfortably close to voyeurism, but Phyllis and Harold is an undeniably engrossing documentary.