An "all in one night" crime thriller that's equal parts old-school western and grimly intelligent horror film.
The production values are first rate and the action, heavenly influenced by old-fashioned westerns, is brutal and perfectly staged.
Red Hill is the perfect combination of well-paced storytelling, gritty violence and a compelling morality play of just how far one man would go in order to uphold the law even if it means going against his better judgment.
The movie is extremely well staged and the young hero's dramatic lineage is established by his resonant name - Shane Cooper.
Red Hill has an imagination and intelligence that stays long in the mind.
Starts off like a lean, mean Walter Hill movie but ends up going a bit Blazing Saddles.
Powerful central performances drive this impressive Oz thriller which features death by boomerang.
The film just about transcends its abundant clichés. It's Coen Brothers lite but made with some panache.
Rip-off or homage, it all adds up to an enjoyable stew of a film, even if you find yourself playing 'name that movie' for most of the running time.
First time writer-director Patrick Hughes shows great promise as a genre filmmaker.
What an effective calling card for debut writer-director Patrick Hughes this is - if not for the Australian tourist board.
Hughes's direction is sly without being smug, and Kwanten grounds the movie with a square decency that's never too pumped-up or cartoonish.
Kwanten makes for a likeable hero, although Steve Bisley steals the show as the hard-bitten police chief Old Bill.
Former commercials director Hughes probably relies a tad too much on his old job for the whiplash editing...but there's a lot going on here that's worth a look.
Red Hill starts brilliantly but tails off halfway through and fails to deliver on its initial promise, despite a strong performance from Ryan Kwanten.
Though Hughes overplays his directorial hand occasionally, Red Hill is still the finest Australian western since The Proposition.
A solid but wayward B-movie that falters just when it should be flying. Still, the premise intrigues, Kwanten's got presence to spare and Hughes is definitely one to watch.
[It's] saved by no-nonsense acting, and Kwanten stands firm as the moral backbone of the story; a young cop transferred from the city to a dustbowl town.
How much of a Western is Red Hill? The fact that at one point the bad guy shoots someone off a roof and he somersaults face-first into the street should answer that.
...a missed opportunity of disappointingly demonstrable proportions...
A thoroughly entertaining western revenge thriller.
Hughes shows chops in setting a mood and carrying out the grisly business of shotgun showdowns and torturous mano a mano sessions...[Blu-ray]
Yes, this is the land of Mad Max, so the stunts and explosions are of the highest order.
This hugely entertaining cross-genre tale of a rural manhunt contrives to meld cop and cowboy elements into a rattling nail-biter.
As short on originality and sustained tension as it is long on striking widescreen vistas and impressive technical smarts.
Rehashing the cliches from several beaten-to-death movie categories doesn't add up to much.
Wonderfully bitter.
An ambitious Aussie Western with a chilling edge, Red Hill aims high and almost hits its target.
This is a fun film that introduces Hughes as a director to look out for.
Red Hill might be a bit of a mixed bag, but as a striking introduction to Patrick Hughes and a big screen Ryan Kwanten, it's certainly an exciting new frontier for Australian cinema.
Morally simplistic yet suspenseful, visually evocative thriller.
A stylish and moody modern day western, Red Hill also features one of the most interesting antagonists seen this year.
There are moments of low comedy, well handled moments of homage to other westerns, and a well entrenched Australian rural myth makes a surprise appearance.
Though some of his writing is fractionally out of whack, Hughes' understanding of how to extract maximum adrenaline with minimal resources is always bang on the mark.
Red Hill only truly works when it retains a hard edge and a straight face. So why does Hughes insist on blowing so many raspberries?
Red Hill is another heartening sign that the new generation of young local filmmakers have genre audiences clearly in their sights.
Tight, economic, exciting and strongly performed, Red Hill is a truly auspicious debut.
From its wide panoramic vistas to its tight close ups, Hughes has created a suspenseful setting.
The film doesn't pretend to be a moral sermon, but like all good Westerns, it has a heart and a soul
Simple, yet complex, this striking contempo western about revenge, is an impressive calling card for Patrick Hughes in his writing and directing debut
Classically photographed for the Scope screen, the film is a cleverly conceived genre piece and centres on a star-making performance from Ryan Kwanten.
[Robert] Rodriguez has made stuff like this work by demonstrating a healthy sense of self-parody. Hughes has yet to master that.
The Australian high-country setting of this blood-soaked western, brimming with jagged edged rock faces and menacing mountainsides, evokes the genre universe of director Anthony Mann.
You've seen every bit of the modern-day Australian western Red Hill before, but writer-director Patrick Hughes plays the notes well.
Patrick Hughes's bloody, brutal Australian thriller handles its B-movie premise with surprising precision, though the inclusion of several befuddling elements annoyingly puncture the suspense.
It may sound like a backhanded compliment, but I simply can't resist a suitably R-rated and rather dark action film that's also so oddly innocent.
If Red Hill isn't quite a classic, it surely is a work of genuine passion for a genre that's unmistakable, and unkillable.
[C]ontemporary Western. . . in S. Australia . . .spins new suspense . . . in a familiar story. . .with a stunning setting, compelling characters, and post-colonial guilt.
An Australian thriller that's never quite as clever or original as it seems to think...as a movie, it's decidedly unthrilling.
Under writer-producer-director-editor Patrick Hughes, the suspense level is high and the action constant.
The suspense that director Patrick Hughes manages to mount remains low-grade throughout and the plot never becomes entirely plausible.
Like the best westerns, Red Hill is a stripped-down morality tale; like the best horror movies, its true monsters remain cloaked until the final reel.
Morally simplistic yet viscerally effective, "Red Hill" is an Australian tip of the Stetson to the vengeance western...
Hughes doesn't redefine the genre to make his mark, but he assembles clichés with a sure hand, contemporizing a western showdown through skillful, genuinely appealing grit and gun-totin' poise.
Aside from splicing together a policier and a Western, there's no spin here, just a checklist of clichés...
The influence of numerous film legends ... burdens material that already feels derivative and uninspired.
A stylish cross between the classic "town with a secret" movie Bad Day at Black Rock and aboriginal-rage picture The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith
A serving of True Blood's Ryan Kwanten in his native accent is the chief selling point of this picturesque, contentedly imitative Australian Western/thriller/Coen-brothers homage, the feature debut of writer-director Patrick Hughes.
Nothing fresh or original here, but director-writer Patrick Hughes enjoys a heightened sense of detail, making the most of dark bars and the interiors of stalled vehicles.
However arguably noble his film's intent to redress historical grievance, a poorly filmed shoot-out is never more than exactly that.
If only all thrillers were this rich, stylish and intelligent.
The Western lives!...in Southeast Australia.
An homage to American western movies with an Australian aboriginal standing in for a wronged Indian "revisionist" style. Would have benefited from more dialog written for the anti-hero.
Hughes finds a way to make his imported tropes (from the oater and 'nature's revenge' horror) reflect upon a nation's unresolved issues with its colonial past, as well as upon the disruptive dangers of introduced species...
It wants to be a claret-stained, muddy nod to the westerns of Anthony Mann and Sam Peckinpah, infused with a Strine sensibility.

@highlight

Though its attempts to rework genre conventions may fall flat with some, Red Hill is a beautifully shot, tightly paced thriller that marks a strong debut for director Patrick Hughes.