This is not just a movie about a music group. This is a movie about the late 80's early 90's...it is such a good telling of that chunk of time. Everything about this feels like you literally went back in time.
This is more like an "afterschool special", as the former drug-dealer Eazy-E puts it, than a fearsomely violent movie. No bad thing. It is still a well-paced, well-made, perfectly enjoyable romp.
Even though Straight Outta Compton occasionally stumbles over the weight of its own ambition, it's impossible not to be drawn into this wickedly rough and harsh lifestyle that allowed vital voices of a generation to emerge
It's overlong, the acting gets better as it goes on (Ice Cube's own son, O'Shea Jackson, Jr very convincingly plays his father) but the furiously angry music, when seen in context, is incredible.
Straight Outta Compton ends up an above-average biopic, but it could have been so much more.
This biopic serves as a good crash course on the explicit world of gangsta rap.
For a film that clocks in at two-and-a-half hours, the pacing never drags and we never wonder who got left behind.
. . . the film begins to sag, weighed down with too many beefs and shady dealings.
Like most music pictures, Straight Outta Compton is most enjoyable when it's chronicling its heroes' rise-discovering their message, conquering the public, throwing increasingly debauched parties.
The film is remarkable because of how deeply it will resonate with today's audience.
This is a monster film. You will walk out feeling like you have been entertained, educated and emotionally fulfilled. Eight months into the year 2015, and this is the only perfect film that has hit the theaters. This is it.
It's a musical biopic in an urban warzone and we see how the culture of gangs and drugs and poverty and simmering racial conflicts shaped the group's angry message.
Straight Outta Compton swears to tell the truth, the half-truth, and nothing but the, uh... you know the rest.
Straight Outta Compton is at its most compelling when the band's adversaries are the authorities... But the film's energy level noticeably sags in the second half when the band are at odds with each other.
The backdrop of Rodney King-era L.A and the realness and rawness of N.W.A.'s music, not to mention the passionate and heartfelt performances of the film's three young leads gives the film an undeniable power.
In spite of its many formal and structural flaws, 'Straight Outta Compton' works, because it captures a moment, and positions its music at the center of that moment.
Gangs packed military-grade weaponry, the heaviosity of gangsta rap inexorably began transmogrifying the USA into a hip-hop nation, and 'Compton' puts you right there.
The self-aggrandising opening is followed up by a self-pitying, superficial final half.
Straight Outta Compton rises above other music bios with a collection of fine performances.
It's an over-ambitious pop culture spread that should please hip-hop history buffs and absolutely delight those with a healthy distaste for authority.
Straight Outta Compton has the intangible sense of nostalgia that's farther emphasised by its larger-than-life characters. It's a film that needed to be made. We just wish it would have been made better.
F. Gary Gray tells the story efficiently and leaving no loose ends on both script and plot. [Full Review in Spanish]
Straight Outta Compton more than deserves a place amongst the very best music biopics, and even those who possess merely a passing familiarity with NWA will be fighting the urge to fist-pump as the hits are blasted out.
It portrays incredibly well the elements that made the creation of N.W.A. inevitable: the social, political and economical conditions in which its founders were brought up. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Stylish, yet all posturing with no humanity; an exercise in brand control by those who have no interest in exposing their faults.
A short history of rap
The opening act [has] a level of insight and exciting energy that the rest of the movie, bogged down in plotting, comes nowhere near replicating.
It's just all a little too much for a two-and-a-half hour movie.
It's all pretty entertaining and a testament to how much they accomplished in such a short space of time.
The movie has inescapable verve, capturing why its subjects mean every bit as much as The Sex Pistols or Rolling Stones.
The first hour flies by in a haze of frenetic energy and exciting performances from all the main players.
As with most musical biopics, it's the rise of the artist that is the most entertaining.
One of the better musical biopics of the last 20 years, Straight Outta Compton is a real rags-to-riches showbiz story.
Straight Outta Compton essentially picks one narrative and sticks to it, but the story it chooses to tell is undeniably powerful.
When it lets its music talk, its rage has street cred.
...the movie would have benefited from a much, much shorter runtime (ie this is not material that needs or deserves such an epic length).
While the story might seem convoluted to rap neophytes, Straight Outta Compton remains compelling due to its brilliant cast.
It follows some of the tropes of the biopic genre, however, what sets it appart is the human and raw emotion in the performances of the main cast. [Full review in Spanish]
An initially valiant attempt to do justice to a sprawling, complex story that eventually succumbs to the pitfalls of a conventional music biopic.
It has equal parts: biopic movie, and a lively representation of a cultural phenomenon that's still relevant today. [Full review in Spanish]
'Straight Outta Compton' is not a movie that will change your life, but it's a very entertaining and strong approach to N.W.A. [Full review in Spanish]
Arriving when the battle cry of 'F*** Tha Police' has been superseded by the equally urgent if more palatable slogan 'Black Lives Matter,' the film opens a window onto a re-created recent past that doubles as a reflection of the outraged present.
An incredible and powerful movie. [Full review in Spanish]
The director seems maybe a little too careful when it comes to putting the truth out there, like he doesn't want to offend anyone. Ironically, the movie is about a musical group that had no problem doing the opposite. [Full review in Spanish]
This film is a clear example of how music can transform our reality. [Full review in Spanish]
It's equal parts a nostalgia fueled film and a social commentary that ends as an elegy for Eazy E. [Full review in Spanish]
It's ambitious enough to present a complex theme in a very simple and entertaining way. [Full review in Spanish]
Straigt Outta Compton is an intense film that invites you to reflect, not just about racism and discrimination, but also about how the mainstream media can absorb a counterculture. [Full review in Spanish]
I can't deny this is a serious and important movie, however, if you don't like rap, this movie wont change your mind. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie has an interesting take on racism in and out of the media and its also a movie that goes beyond it's target audience. [Full review in Spanish]
Being a hip-hop fan, but not being someone who curates a 'Tupac Lives' conspiracy blog, means that Compton is a satisfying experience.
This biopic gallops through the career of groundbreaking gangsta rappers N.W.A, working its way through a checklist of the major events.
A must see for fans of rap... and everyone else too! [Full review in Spanish]
Straight Outta Compton that will deffinately will become a cult classic among hip hop fans, however, high production values and acting make it accessible for everyone. [Full review in Spanish]
The 2 1/2 hours of Compton are fantastically paced (it feels much shorter), full of well-placed humor and packed with moments that make it a time capsule of West Coast rap.
To someone unfamiliar with the American rap scene, Straight Outta Compton will provide an absorbing look at a group of flawed, yet wonderfully talented artists.
History is written by victorious billionaire rappers.
It's a pity the film's machismo and aggro dominates proceedings because occasionally, but not often enough, some involving elements counter the film's relentlessness.
A vital and necessary movie that looks back to the birth of a movement that influences music and American life to this day.
Rename this flick Straight Outta Compton: The Authorised Biopic of NWA, and you'll have no problem slurping up its many pleasures.
An amusing hook to the story is how it goes from being about the music to being about the music business, with success bringing the guys to blows over contracts and artistic integrity.
History is certainly written by the victors.
It's impossible not to pump your fist.
It's far from being a full and frank account.
It also, naturally, has an unforgettable soundtrack and so, ultimately, can be mostly forgiven for lacking the danger and unapologetic truth of the album it's named for.
On the whole, I hope it sparks a cultural shift in what Hollywood considers to be important musical legacies that are worth preserving.
A truly great music biopic to rival the best of the genre.
It's rare that a band made famous by controversy can stay relevant even a few years on. But more than two decades later, N.W.A.'s music still has the power to shock and startle.
If nothing else, Straight Outta Compton is a window to a world of persecution we're not always privy to.
Straight Outta Compton wields its maximum impact in a gripping first half: where the group rapidly get their abrasive act together, then rush headlong at an unsuspecting world.
A fittingly raw and powerful film.
"You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge." No, really.
A slick, provocative and timely biopic about one of hip hop's most iconic groups.
Overall, it's a well-done film that offers up pointed social commentary as it also delivers a thought provoking history of the group.
The young cast are so convincing on stage it's easy to forget you're not watching the real thing.
It never feels less than authentic, directed with energy by F Gary Gray and acted superbly.
It's Hawkins, Mitchell and Jackson (the latter playing his own father) who really light up the screen, bringing energy and vitality to the film even as it misses the wider picture (and stirs up old rivalries) ...
Straight Outta Compton is an unwieldy, expletive-strewn sprawl of a musical biopic.
For fans only.
An outstanding achievement, putting it on my short list of the year's best films.
Gray does an undeniably fine job of taming what amounts to a decade-long soap opera, covering a lot of narrative ground with little loss of dramatic steam.
Gray's stroke of genius is to take a wonderfully cheesy, melodramatic rags-to-riches tale and shoot it in the style of an action movie, complete with sex, drugs and violence.
The NWA story is told in the style of a luxe, classic-era studio biopic. And it's scintillating.
Potent and visceral in its depiction of street life and blinged-up excess alike, Straight Outta Compton delivers big beats of both kinds.
Gray's camera bobs and weaves around the action like a wary boxer, giving the story an athletic urgency.
The story of the rise and subsequent implosion of one of the most influential bands in US rap history gets a sweeping, epic, but somewhat partisan treatment in F Gary Gray's explosive drama Straight Outta Compton.
It twists the volume dial clockwise.
The seething rage radiating from the screen elevates this above similar movies. But that rage is truncated in ways that are hard to ignore.
Early scenes show clearly how NWA's music emerged from the war zone of south central LA in the 1980s. Thereafter, Straight Outta Compton comes straight out of the school of biopic cliché.
Holding it all together is clamourous music that achieves something pop so rarely manages: it is urgently of its time and endlessly influential.
Sometimes buoyant, sometimes soggy.
A group of talented young actors in a bio-pic that packs a punch in all the right places... eye-opening and compelling...
Alternately exhilarating, funny, and eye-rollingly corny.
Not only is this film informative, it is well-written, well-acted and entertaining. The music is electrifying.
There's an energy and urgency to this NWA biopic that's nearly impossible to resist.
As uneven as NWA was incendiary.
The core of the story is business, the object is power, and the quirks of desire and twists of the unconscious are given no place in the struggle-which the movie sharply carries ahead to the present day.
It's fun for fans of west coast hip-hop but suffocates any hope of depth; what, for example, about the group's lyrical misogyny and homophobia?
Punchy, provocative and packed with attitude.
Films that are this sharply written, expertly directed and brilliantly acted don't come along too often.
It's like Ice Cube got in a time machine and traveled back in time, but was still forty because time travel doesn't change your age. So he went on a big diet, got some makeup help and starred in a film about himself. It's just like that.
... an epic biopic that sparks to ferocious life more often than it falls victim to watered-down melodrama.
An exceptional young cast and strong direction make this powerful and gritty N.W.A. biopic a cut above most showbiz sagas.
A few electrifying moments aside, this skillfully made but painfully skin-deep film feels like a winners' history of the gangsta rap glory days.
It's very easy to imagine sing-along showings cropping up for years to come.
Ice Cube has re-written history in a way that's deeply self-serving and thoroughly entertaining.
Straight Outta Compton is a victory: in turning a sprawling narrative into a movie, when there aren't many like it, the best thing to do is follow the rules of a by-the-numbers biopic.
This movie about a group of risk-takers should have taken more risks itself.
Unlike most biopics, which rely on our nostalgia for another time, Straight Outta Compton reels us in with its raw reflection of our current reality.
An undeniable love letter to one of the most influential groups in rap music history, F. Gary Gray's "Straight Outta Compton" is a vivacious and powerfully timely piece that stands as the single best film of the year thus far.
...kind of exhilarating.
At its worst, the film is agonizingly biopic-ish. At its best, it's a rise-and-fall movie where the first half is infinitely more compelling than the second.
The FBI watched them with suspicion. Their fans watched them with adoration.
This isn't your mother's musical biopic. Except actually it is, just titled a couple degrees to the left. Kinda like JERZ-E BOYZ.
A brash, enjoyable nostalgic rush that also happens to be as timely as tomorrow.
F. Gary Gary returns to the big screen with an invigorating, dynamic, no-holds-barred film led by five newcomers who embody the characters they are portraying with perfection.
The authenticity of the story, or whether any of it was fabricated or exaggerated, is never in question, thanks in big part to the genuineness of the performances.
Absorbing, honest and ultimately heartbreaking, this music biopic expertly shows how an artist's surroundings can profoundly influence their artistry.
This movie is a live wire that says as much about today as it does the late 80s-early 90s era it depicts.
The cinematic equivalent of a nostalgic fanzine designed with die-hard devotees of gangsta' rap in mind.
Because of its heart and spirit, Straight Outta Compton is even for some of those who don't know the difference between Ice Cube and Ice-T.
Skillfully written, artfully acted and brilliantly directed - one of the best movies of the year
The temptation to rap my way through the review was -- fortunately -- resistible. This movie, however, is not. Great piece of work whether you're into hip hop or not.
Despite its occasional whitewash of facts, "Compton" thrives both as a reminiscence for longtime fans and an introduction to those who aren't yet privy.
Straight Outta Compton aims to cross cultures and sanctify the wisdom of the street-to make a universal underdog story. It succeeds on a visceral level.
A movie that can launch a thousand conversations and, sadly, as pertinent now as N.W.A.'s record was in 1988
Suffers from standard biopic formatting, but there's still a whole lot to appreciate here.
a well directed and powerful musical biopic with some great performances and a presentation that will make the fans go wild
An energetic, continually engaging biopic. If you don't know the N.W.A. story, you'll be fascinated by its many twists and turns. If you do, you'll admire the respect with which it's told.
Straight Outta Compton hurtles toward greatness, only to fall short in execution. Yet, aiming high and falling short still results in a very good film.
The beats are fly, the story is nitty-gritty and the timing is spot-on, reminding us of just how shocking, raw and impactive N.W.A.'s music was 25 years ago---and how powerfully it echoes even today.
While the movie itself is a mostly warts-free depiction of the group's rise and eventual dissolution, the circumstances described by the band haven't gone away.
This biopic doesn't come close to matching the impact of the titular album, but the material is so riveting that it's nearly enough.
Straight Outta Compton is so beholden to the appeasement of so many artists and legacies and estates that none of it coheres as a movie.
You can't get more current or more electric than Straight Outta Compton.
Straight Outta Compton celebrates the gangsta rap era with a bit too much glee, but it's mesmerizing every step of the way.
While no one will mistake this for a protest film-there are too many pool parties-the movie's portrait of a militarized police force all too eager to assault young black men can't help but resonate in our own moment.
A riveting film about the birth of not just one rap group but an entire genre.
Straight Outta Compton functions as both a compelling, damnably topical political statement and a slickly produced piece of commercial art.
Rreaches back and recaptures the energy of N.W.A.'s raging, raunchy cultural moment.
What distinguishes the film is its spot-on period recreations and some truly fantastic casting. (Full Content Review - Sex, Nudity, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
Straight Outta Compton is a period piece, but it is not. It's snapshots of L.A. before and after Rodney King...it's still a part of that timeline, the legacy of criminalization of black and brown bodies and power-tripping cops.
Exhilarating from its first moments, Straight Outta Compton seizes its viewer and doesn't let go. Director Gray captures the rage and electricity of the era in this portrait of rap legends, NWA.
A superb film despite the group's problematic history, but N.W.A's past cannot be rewritten, for better or for worse.
A fitting tribute to the world's most dangerous group and easily one of my favorite films of the year.
Straight Outta Compton does not reinvent the musical biopic as a genre; merely hone it to a razor's edge, transcending a rote repetition of NWA's history to make a statement about the world that made them possible and how it must change.
A sprawling, overstuffed, formulaic but highly entertaining story of pop stardom and its discontents in which the pioneers of gangsta rap are burnished to a high mythological gloss.
The first hour is electrifying in all the right ways. Its second half trades impact for incident, ultimately rendering "Straight Outta Compton" little more than a multimillion-dollar reenactment - albeit a persuasively acted and vividly rendered one.
The script is sharp, often funny, and compelling. It has one of the best ensemble casts of the year and the performances are superb.
N.W.A. started out as angry young men shouting at the cops, but the film opens up their Raider jackets to reveal the humans beneath. Perhaps that story's been told before. But it never sounded quite like this.
Director F. Gary Gray has too big a story to tell, enough for a TV miniseries (or a season's worth of Behind the Music episodes), and you can see him straining to cram everything in even as the film stretches to the two-and-a-half hour mark.
Brashly winning and unapologetically self-serving.
Straight Outta Compton earns its place in the pantheon of biopics that are good, just not as great as the artists who inspired them.
There's some grit at the get-go, and some thrill at witnessing the development of a musical form. But the drama slows down once the money starts rolling in and the rappers' chief antagonists become each other, and maybe their manager.
"Straight Outta Compton" ends up juggling more story lines and moods than it can handle.
Like its subjects, the iconic late rap conglomerate N.W.A., F. Gary Gray's "Straight Outta Compton" starts out strong, peaks quickly, and then gets tangled in complications and compromise and falls apart.
The film follows the five young men as they use their music and brutally honest lyrics to express their antagonism about the dangerous and depressing environment around them.
If any film should be forgiven its excesses, it's Straight Outta Compton, which is about the clashes and camaraderie among men whose unruliness sparked a cultural moment that was beyond their ability-and their willingness-to contain.
An explosively entertaining biopic about the hip-hop group that brought gangsta rap into the mainstream of popular culture in the 1980s.
Straight Outta Compton makes that same thudding power echo in the thrill of a fresh track and the first rhymes from five young men who changed the music landscape nearly 30 years ago.
Once the group as we originally know it from the movie's story dissolves, so too does the movie's narrative cohesion and, surprisingly, distinctiveness.
an incredibly ambitious musical biopic that illustrates how a hip hop group sparked a revolution, self-destructed, then regained its original bond.
F. Gary Gray's excellent film is as sympathetic as it is bombastic, even when it depicts some of the rough stuff, a lot of the stupid excesses that come with fame, and even some quasi-criminal activities.
Straight Outta Compton is not just one of the best movies about the music business ever made, but it's the drama about racism that a modern audience needs now more than ever.
F. Gary Gray's film detailing the rise and splintering of the hugely influential rap group N.W.A. is very nearly a masterpiece.
Buoyed by a soundtrack that'll have fortysomethings cracking open 40-ounces and recalling a marginally simpler, if still chaotic, time in their lives, Straight Outta Compton's bark is just as snarly-cool as its bite.
A certain tendency toward myth-making is inherent in the biopic style. And Straight Outta Compton, naturally, obliges convention with the necessary legend-printing flair.
There's way too much inside-baseball money talk here, when a simpler plot -- one about a band whose apocalyptic vision comes to pass -- would have been plenty.
Straight Outta Compton manages to keep its sharp teeth despite its adherence to form. The movie doesn't neuter N.W.A.'s story so much as mold it to a familiar model.
One can argue that this story might have been told with greater punch, more detail and less reliance on the tropes of the genre, but it's still pretty solid and vivid as it is.
In the small pool of big-budget hip-hop biopics, "Straight Outta Compton" is near the top.
The group members' stories are overly familiar to rap fans, as are portrayals of the big bad music industry in general, but that doesn't take away from the film's dramatic tension.
A fierce and awesome movie that morphs into a standard biopic.
This movie burns so hot that it's bound to run out of steam. It does. But what stands is an amazement, an electrifying piece of hip-hop history that speaks urgently to right now.
It's a story driven by classic tensions: struggle and triumph, division and conquest, group and individual.
Executes the established biopic formula to near-perfection, it's well-acted and well-staged, and thoroughly enjoyable even when relying on cliche.
As enlightening as it is entertaining, as sobering as it is exhilarating, "Straight Outta Compton" reminds viewers not only who N.W.A. were and what they meant, but also why they mattered - and still do.
Jackson Jr. artfully evokes Ice Cube's tough-guy charisma. Mitchell's Eazy emerges as the film's most complicated figure, throwing his lot in with a manager who may not have his best interests at heart.
Policemen, journalists who dislike rap and Suge Knight will find little to enjoy in this movie - all are portrayed as villains with zero subtlety. But the film as a whole is critical of its heroes' mistakes.
Despite Straight Outta Compton's energetic acting and Gray's capture of in-studio Eureka! moments, it never manages to transcend biopic hagiography ...
A smorgasbord of a musical biopic in which the strength of the individual parts compensates for the flaws of the whole.
There's little to distinguish the movie from any number of overlong hit-by-hit music biopics of the nodding-approvingly-from-behind-a-mixing-console variety.
Their stories are largely fictionalized, peppered with the truth that Dr. Dre and Ice Cube want you to know. It's a fun fiction, yes, but fiction just the same.
It's most towering accomplishment are its set pieces, which manage to be brash, exhilarating, and even occasionally moving.
Despite a few flaws inherent to nearly all music biopics, the long-developing "Straight Outta Compton" pulls no punches in capturing the volatility of the era and the group's often violent rags-to-riches story.
The film antagonizes. It instigates. Just like gangsta rap itself.
Director F. Gary Gray, whose relationship with Ice Cube stretches back to the video for It Was A Good Day, cuts through the violence in N.W.A.'s lyrics to drop the needle on the group's vulnerability, boyish camaraderie and genial humour.
A consistently entertaining look at the birth of extremely relevant music.
"Straight Outta Compton," F. Gary Gray's biopic of pioneering gangsta rappers N.W.A., manages to feel urgent and alive, even as it plays like the coolest episode of VH1's "Behind the Music" ever.
It's overlong and sanitized but succeeds in presenting an important part of contemporary American culture to a mainstream audience.
But as a depiction of a time and place, Straight Outta Compton - from its low-rider Chevys on hydraulics blaring hip-hop to police battering ram vehicles crashing into suspected crack houses - nails it.
One of the summer's most entertaining and provocative movies ...
"Straight Outta Compton" goes right to the heart of what made N.W.A. one of the most defiant groups of all time.
The casting in Straight Outta Compton is universally pitch perfect, including brief cameos by Keith Stanfield as Snoop and Marcc Rose as Tupac that are fantastically spot on.
Straight Outta Compton may not fully shake off many of the restrictions of the biopic form, but if anyone deserves to have some mythmaking done for them, it's N.W.A.
The sheer force of Straight Outta Compton steamrolls its flaws. Director Gray, who is from Compton and made a name for himself directing some of hip-hop's best music videos, has given us a movie that feels honest and urgent.
Hard-edged, sometimes difficult to watch... and surprisingly educational.
The relatively unknown cast rises to the incredible challenge of portraying some of the most recognizable people in the music industry.
It's clear what producers Ice Cube and Dr. Dre are most interested in: the money.
Straight Outta Compton's ambition occasionally exceeds its grasp, and it's probably too clumsy to be considered a great film. But it never stops feeling important.
The picture isn't really a biography, it's an application for sainthood.
Vibrant, rambunctious, and as lopsided as a cake taken out of the oven too soon.
Straight Outta Compton is more a statement movie than a linear biopic, and while it runs a tad too long, Gray's cast never stops delivering a consistently passionate energy.
There's a grittier, grimier story in here, but it needed a different script and probably a different director than the uncritical F. Gary Gray, whose resume is studded with old-school rap videos and Ice Cube projects.
If you're not a fan of N.W.A, you'll still find much to enjoy here. If you are a fan, you'll love this movie as much as I did.
Though not without its flaws, it crackles with a timeliness and a now-ness that elevates it beyond mere entertainment and into the realm of subtle social commentary.
Good, as close to great as any F. Gary Gray film is ever likely to be.
No matter how hard the script tries to artlessly name-drop basic facts or things to come, the movie has a lived-in groove, the actors doing their best to make even the stiffest line sound off-the-cuff.
Straight Outta Compton is as important as Selma in terms of putting the now on a similar plane as the then. It might cover too much territory, and not get the two stars of today too messy, but it is as powerful as it is entertaining.
If you're like me, you'll forgive its more melodramatic clichés and just surrender to its raw, brass-knuckle force.
It's biopic syndrome... and it sinks the second half of an otherwise compelling, funny and extremely entertaining film with a beat all its own.
Conventional and too long, but rousing and entertaining.
The highly entertaining and sprawling biopic starts out with its pulse on the nation only to somewhat devolve into standard Behind the Music backstage melodrama.
Underneath the gunshots and the battle raps, "Straight Outta Compton" is a fairly conventional movie about a music group, somewhere between hero-making and the honest truth.
Covers a lot of ground in recounting N.W.A.'s story. It begins and ends on high notes, though it loses its way ever so slightly in the middle.
It loses all its edge to become hagiography for these men. It's as if the cheesy second half doesn't trust the more emotional and realistic first half.
"Straight Outta Compton"'s readymade movie-ness cuts both ways: despite a twisty, juicy and compelling story, there remains a staid conventionality that keeps the political and thematic undercurrents from being explored as satisfyingly as one might hope.
It does for the most part fulfill its mission, breathing life into the origin story of a group whose influence is still being felt.
Director F. Gary Gray turns the meteoric rise and fractious fall of rap supergroup N.W.A. into a sprawling, exhilarating Los Angeles hip-hop epic.
Watching Straight Outta Compton ... it feels like watching The Avengers of hip hop biopics. Every character ... gets his own dramatic introduction.


@highlight

Straight Outta Compton is a biopic that's built to last, thanks to F. Gary Gray's confident direction and engaging performances from a solid cast.