Like many similar documentaries, this 2002 feature doesn't present easy answers, but by letting the two girls register as individuals, it forces the viewer to care about them when few around them can be bothered.
Chilling, depressing, yet guardedly optimistic.
Girlhood thoughtfully questions not just the system itself, but our unfair assumptions about the young people caught within it.
To the film's great credit, [director] Garbus evens out her often heavy-hand and we're given the emotional core of two young female criminals in ways often eluded in the movies.
..disturbing, yet life affirming portrait ... girlhood is an early stage of life, but the consequences of mistakes upon womanhood and, more significantly, motherhood will ...
The trajectories of Shanae's and Megan's lives speak volumes for themselves.
Deeply affecting in the moment, but I'm not sure that Garbus draws much in the way of larger conclusions.
Fascinating and, at times, surprisingly moving.
Girlhood begins as a document of criminal justice, and ends as a testament to the power of motherhood.
Thanks to unprecedented access, acclaimed documentarian Liz Garbus is able to continue her upfront examination of the American criminal justice system.
An eye-opening sociological examination that is alternately moving and tedious. Ultimately, however, one can't help but be caught up in the travails of its two memorable subjects.
It isn't just difficult to do justice to Shanae and Megan in an average of 44 minutes apiece; as it turns out, it's impossible.
It may be the least expected happy ending in years.
Liz Garbus and company have skillfully captured raw emotions, something 'reality TV' almost never does, and Girlhood offers two valuable case studies to its audience, however difficult it may be to watch them.
While it is one part a coming-of-age story and one part a story of girls and mothers, Girlhood is just as much about the attainment of wisdom.
In the end, the girls' stories are inspiring and heartbreaking, making this sensitively directed film one of the most rewarding of the year.
Seems like a summer camp, with inmates enjoying soda and snacks in virtually every scene.
As grim as its subject may at first seem, Girlhood is at heart an emotionally rich look at mothers and their daughters, and provides a refreshing look at how 'the system,' flawed as it may be, can work.
Detailed, compassionate, humane.
It shows a fascination with the criminal justice system, and amazing access to the people caught in its wheels.
It's one thing to watch the stylized Hollywood versions of troubled teens in films like Bully and Thirteen; it's another to witness the gritty reality.
A glimpse into the lives of two troubled young women who desperately try to forge a new life for themselves against formidable odds.
Filmed with levelheaded tenderness and often startling intimacy.
Hard-headed documentary.
Gripping.
Garbus spent three years patiently mining for beauty in the ugliest of environments. The remarkable result stands as a challenge to anyone who would have seen only the worst and walked right by.
Garbus's follow-up to 2002's The Execution of Wanda Jean provides another powerful glimpse inside the American justice system.
Avoids talking head-itis to follow real events.
a credit to Garbus' ability to pick a touching subject that will have you pondering for some time
A worthwhile close-up look at two of the troublesome girls who are representative of the problems society faces.
One of the finer documentaries I've seen in my lifetime.
Oscar-nominated documentarian Liz Garbus relates a familiar tale with a shocking, powerful intimacy that's a desperate cry to be heard from the too many throwaway children of our society.
A compelling and ultimately positive portrait of teenagers.

@highlight

An intimate, compassionate look at two teenagers in juvenile hall.