While straining credibility at times, offers some appealing scenes of quiet reflection, as well as a refreshing celebration of the ineffable allure and power of being middle-aged.
The star-heavy cast, which includes such big Spanish names as Carmen Maura, Marisa Paredes and Veronica Forque, are a treat to watch even when their dialogue isn't all it could be.
Pedro Almodovar-flavored but quite tame.
The frantic artificiality of the script rarely allows the characters to breathe. This is dinner-theater farce, featherweight and juiceless.
The cast is perfect, but the script is like a low ceiling, keeping a lid on what should have been a confluence of riotous misadventures.
Manuel Gómez Pereira's frantic direction is nonstop and the exhaustion of excess will get to you.
It feels like [Pereira] just plucked the men themselves from atop a wedding cake and stuck them in his movie, where for the most part they stand decoratively around and watch the women make suds from all this soap.
With what amounts to 20 characters crossing paths, Pereira's job description might seem more traffic cop than director, but he rises to the challenge and adds style and splashy color to boot.
Spanish director Manuel Gomez Pereira certainly draws inspiration from his compatriot Pedro Almodovar -- several of the actresses are even Pedro alums -- but the film falls short of Almodovar's usual depth and complexity.
Unfortunately for director and co-writer Manuel Gomez Pereira, all the energy in the world isn't enough to compensate for the superfluous plot lines and outrageous overacting that weigh down this bit of warm-hearted Spanish fluff.
We may be deep in Telemundo territory, but that doesn't diminish the glow-in-the-dark charisma of these impressive ladies.
Pereira goes in for lots of time shifts and split screens, piling on the contrivances like so many costume baubles when a single string of pearls would do.
An ungainly, broadly played comedy.
With five overbearing mothers and six overshadowed gay sons, this Spanish meet-the-parents ensemble farce aims for Almodóvar but falls far short.
Queens is distinguished from a hundred other slick screwballers only by virtue of its theme -- the first mass gay wedding in Spain. Otherwise, it's middle-of-the-road formula fare all the way.
A dithering but generous Spanish farce, Queens follows the coming nuptials of three gay couples by focusing on their overbearing mothers.
For all its contrivances, the film is cheerfully rude and surprisingly generous to the mothers, most of whom find sizzling new romances at an age when their American counterparts are reduced to sexless dithering or played as humiliating punch lines.
[A] frothy, occasionally charming romantic comedy.
There's potential here, but the script is entirely too, shall we say, Hollywood. There's even a dog-poop joke.
The movie has no higher ambition than to please a crowd; the fact that it easily does is proof of the world's heartening capacity for change.
Queens is also charming and funny and lightly frothy like a cool late-summer drink.
This enormously likable comedy is given an additional boost by the energetic presence of five of Spain's favorite actresses (including sleek Marisa Paredes, flighty Mercedes Sanpietro and growlin' Carmen Maura, an Almodóvar regular).
A threadbare crazy-quilt of Spanish sex comedies.
The main problem with Queens is that the many parts never coalesce into a satisfying whole, the result, perhaps, of too many subplots and too many characters to fit comfortably in one small movie.
Pleasantly fluffy but depthless...each story develops a worst-case scenario that proceeds to a too-comforting, too-swift resolution.
Reinas approaches homo- and heterosexuals with equal reverence: everyone is cheating, lying, oversexed and undersatisfied -- which does not mean they are not funny.
The film's sexual-emotional progressivism not only shames our youth-obsessed, sexist film culture but the culture at large.
Converging in one weekend of sex, sensationalism and silliness, these veteran actresses are like a Category 5 hurricane of maternal mayhem.



@highlight

It hints at something greater, but ultimately, Queens lacks the substance necessary to set it apart from similarly themed Spanish comedies.