It's impossible not to get caught up in Abrams' nostalgia for summer days at the Cineplex gone by.
No it's not a masterpiece - but it's a solid little movie, and I'd highly recommend it.
The movie doesn't have all the elements necessary to make it a true classic, but there are some admirable things it accomplishes, especially when the enthusiastic kids are at the forefront.
No film this year opens more promisingly and ends more dismally than J.J. Abrams' Super 8.
I really enjoyed Super 8. Kind of loved it, even.
Like Silly Putty, Super 8 is silly fun. It stretches, snaps, and bounces. It's as elastic as pubescent imagination.
An idealistic and powerful summer film with great characters and a wonderful script.
While it may not achieve the level of pop culture canonization as the Spielberg films it invokes, Super 8 should inspire many to use their camera-phones for something more creative than a profile pic.
It wants to be Spielberg, needs to be Spielberg, begs to be Spielberg. But this ain't Spielberg.
Great action sequences and a touching story make Super 8 a great summer blockbuster.
This Spielbergian misstep by J. J. Abrams attempts to be the emotional coming-of-age equivalent of Stand by Me but instead winds up as a cacophonous mishmash of Goonies and War of the Worlds.
The movie of the summer, the movie of many summers, going back to the '70s...
Super 8 is undoubtedly one of the more robust summer blockbusters of the year, with enough momentum to get it over the finish line before you start asking more questions of it.
While it didn't turn out to be the great movie some thought it would be, "Super 8" still makes for an entertaining film
JJ Abrams' "thank you" to Steven Spielberg. It's like he said, "Thank you for making those movies while I was growing up. Now, here's what you inspired me to make". And it's a terrific ride that I can't wait to experience again.
Verdadero homenaje al cine de Spielberg, Super 8 empieza siendo E.T. (o al menos una digna heredera) y termina como La guerra de los mundos, donde lo espectacular y la resolución fácil toman la delantera. Aún así, un buen entretenimiento.
J.J. Abrams demonstrates a real love for cinema - primarily Steven Spielberg's classic sci-fi pics - with this doting homage, which puts a frantic alien invasion plot secondary to an involving, emotionally resonant family narrative.
Super 8 works best when it isn't attempting to imitate '80s Spielberg.
While it's often tense and exciting, it's also more than a little exaggerated and corny at the end. You take what you get.
The potty-mouthed script deserves a parental warning and casts the only regretful shadow on an otherwise sterling popcorn adventure...
Super 8 is accomplished commercial filmmaking.
JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg team up for this enjoyable alien thriller, which feels exactly how we nostalgically remember Spielberg's late-70s movies. But it's not nearly as earthy or thrilling as they actually were.
For big kids, a chance to relive the classic films that forged their love of sci-fi. For the kids of today, it's a film they'll want to show their kids another 30 years down the line.
Much richer, much deeper and much more moving than its 'monster movie' premise might suggest.
The most authentic Spielberg film Spielberg never directed.
Vale mais pelo sentimento de nostalgia que inspira do que pela qualidade de sua narrativa.
The young cast are all outstanding, ably supported by the adults in the background, and the nostalgia of the piece is genuinely intoxicating.
An original, entertaining, solidly built movie with no star faces and plenty of heart...
A Spielberg pastiche of uncanny precision and sublime pointlessness.
Monsters, aliens, trains and a small town that doesn't want to know the truth. What more could one ask for from a summer movie?
A well-crafted homage to a master filmmaker who, ironically, was accused early in his career of infantilizing cinema but created some of the most memorable elegies to childhood and lost innocence.
Nothing in the latter part of Super 8 matches the first 40 minutes, but the suspense is well sustained and the performances are attractive.
Super 8 had to have heart of its own to work and it does. It provides its own thrills. That marks the difference between complimenting a set of films and copying them.
If Abrams can't sustain the magic, at least he's created some in the first place. And with its nostalgic period setting, stunning special effects and charming performances from the young leads, Super 8 is the best movie Spielberg never made.
The young characters are played by, among others, Elle Fanning and Joel Courtney. They interact well, albeit in that rose-tinted view of childhood so favoured by Spielberg, who is on production duties here.
Super 8 is a delightful nostalgia trip, recalling a bygone era when young protagonists embarked on amazing journeys and emerged from the melee with barely a scratch or bruise.
Super 8 is the most intensely Spielbergian film you'll ever see that Steven Spielberg didn't actually direct himself. And it's early Spielberg!
What keeps us enthralled is its nostalgic sensibility, partly for the time but mostly for its old-school film-making values.
The young cast are excellent.
Super 8 is not just the most entertaining family film of the summer, it's up there with the classics of its various genres.
Super 8 is the sweetest film of 2011, an affectionate shout-out to amateurs everywhere.
It is thrilling, fatuous, pyrotechnical, whimsical, barnstorming, batty, out there, out to lunch and finally, though it flails exuberantly to the last frame, out of ideas.
Wears off like a warm childhood memory.
The geekery has charm, but is a little self-conscious and just occasionally, this movie resembles an open-ended, rambling drama serial that gets a little, well, lost.
Now we have more than a Spielberg movie in disguise. We also have the latest blockbuster from JJ Abrams all fired up, too.
For those who grew up on the Spielberg classics, a truly nostalgic treat awaits.
Now if only the Abrams and Spielberg combo would take on some of the Marvel films...
A diverting but rather pointless affair, undermined by its obsessive and clinical commitment to recreating past glories.
Super 8 is a hugely entertaining sci-fi thriller, thanks to a strong script, impressive special effects, pacey direction and terrific performances from its likeable young cast.
An engaging cross between coming-of-age exploration films like The Goonies, with tender, heartfelt moments of Stand by Me, and Abrams's supernatural, alien fascination.
A giddily nostalgic film that recaptures the sense of awe and wonder from early Spielberg classics such as Close Encounters and ET.
It's nowhere close to E. T. - what is? - but amongst the hullabaloo of summer, Super 8 is something to cherish: a beautifully made homage to better times, and better movies.
...J.J. Abrams here strains so hard to hit all the right buttons that he misses almost all of them.
While it's not perfect, it's honestly one of the most interesting films that's been out all year and certainly this summer.
Abrams panders to his audience and wrongly assuming that more explosions, more pathos, and more clichés will provide a path to more approval.
A case of ultimately dashed high hopes, no matter how much it has going for it along the way.
The alien invader storyline often feels as though its happening in a completely different universe than the small-town story of friendship and first love
You can't write an original screenplay while stealing from better directors.
Super fun.
This is old-school storytelling. And it just plain feels good to experience it.
Simple, sweet and far more understated than you've been led to believe. And it's got lens flares coming out of its ears, natch.
Super 8 embodies everything unsettling and disappointing about the culmination of [Lost].
Spielberg and Abrams are the unwitting targets of their own irony.
Flying automobiles, dastardly military officers, Alice's shriek when she sees what it is the entire town is up against, they are all nothing to the tense moments as father and son stare one another down with their future relationship on the line
Throwback sci-fi. But the big-show moments, concocted from today's blockbuster formula, clash with the '70s small-town play of these kids' lives, often nicely observed.
If Super 8 isn't as moving as ET, as mysterious as Close Encounters, or as exciting as Raiders, it has heart, humour and sheer storytelling panache in spades.
Lack of Originality causes Super 8 to come undone.
A dated, overlabored, ultimately lightweight special-effects bargain barn.
This is not a Steven Spielberg film but you'd be forgiven for thinking you'd been actually transported back to 1979 when he was at the height of his coolness powers.
Will probably stand as one of the film year's biggest letdowns.
Everything about Super 8 harks back to simpler times, the music and technology of the era evoking something nostalgic and comforting without being flippant or facetious.
J.J. Abrams employs his formidable skills in a sort of glib cinematic sleight of hand, persuading us (for a while) that he delivers more than he really does.
Abrams is great at keeping his balls in the air, but when it comes time to catch them, he's all thumbs.
Enormously fun. A film about 8mm that deserves to be seen on the big screen, in glorious 35mm.
SUPER 8 seems intended to be little more than a nod to films like THE GOONIES. It certainly does not rise above them in spite of better special effects.
[A] gorgeous pastiche of Spielberg, affectionate without being slavishly imitative...
Regrettably, writer/director JJ Abrams (Star Trek, Mission Impossible III, co-creator of TV series Lost) is better here at building suspense than paying it off.
Despite the complete chaos, Super 8's conclusion somehow felt anti-climactic, a blunt and barbaric cinematic shock-and-awe campaign when what had come before it had been handled with the precision of a surgical SEAL team strike.
It's mildly entertaining while it's onscreen, but the word that finally comes to mind for me is 'undistinguished.'
As good as it is, Super 8 feels more like an impersonation of Spielbergian cinema rather than an elaboration.
Super 8 is a complex movie about family issues, young love and friendship, that just happens to have a strange monster running around in the background.
'Did that train just hit a car or a Michael Bay retrospective?'
Despite the weaknesses in the story it is pretty compelling and it has good characters worth following. The special effects are good and the story upholds a fairly good moral standard too.
Loved the movie but for the family's sake I wish there had been less profanity.
Exactly what a summer entertainment should be.
A magnificently small-focus, character driven, nice summer movie... the first and very possibly the only obviously personal tentpole movie of 2011.
J.J.'s Close Encounter with E.T., Gremlins, Jaws and Jurassic Goonies!
If you grew up a horror nut in the Midwest, Super 8 might feel like a missing page from your childhood. And if not, well ... that train crash is still pretty mint.
It is full of things to love, but rarely has a film that had so much going for it been this deeply affected by a disappointing last reel.
Writer/director J.J. Abrams (Lost, Star Trek) brought his knack for intriguing plots that drag you along without giving you much information, along with a moderately satisfying ending. Read more: Super 8 Review by Grae Drake | Movies.com
Super 8 looks back fondly on a year that was pretty chaotic to live through, but doesn't have much to say about that, as it turns out.
This odd cross-breeding of personal storytelling and creature feature is a remarkable animal in many ways. It just left me unmoved.
A summer movie that's made up of parts of some of the best summer movies ever made, Super 8 is neither memorable nor original, but as empty summer blockbusters go, it's a good one.
Summer is heating up with the excitement Steven Spielberg and J.J. Abrams bring to the big screen.
An underwhelming sci-fi adventure with nifty special effects and strong performances by its child actors, but it's weakened by a bland, uneven screenplay that lacks palpable thrills, suspense and internal logic.
J.J. Abrams and Steven Spielberg are a dream team. More please.
'Super 8' is not flawless, but I think it contains the most memorable film sequence so far this year.
It's just the type of kid-friendly pic its producer Steven Spielberg loves to make.
Abrams has taken a bunch of different types of films, tried to stick them all in a blender...and make a love letter to all of them at one time.
A piece that satisfies what we've been craving ever since the viral campaign began, yet one that goes in directions we'd never expect and that blend is what makes it such a special film.
Not perfect, but entertaining.
... a jarringly messy blend of blue-collar angst and feel-good Spielberg ... Less a tribute to classic sci-fi than a mechanical, by-the-book exercise in How to Build a Tribute to Classic Sci-Fi.
Super 8 is a thoroughly entertaining popcorn flick, but one does get the sense of Abrams sweating up a storm in an effort to produce the sort of guileless matinee magic that Spielberg conveyed effortlessly.
It is hard to overlook some major holes in the logic of the film, even for a sci-fi movie where concepts of logic are more fluid.
Super 8 is the cinematic equivalent of unearthing a time capsule and finding everything inside is still impossibly shiny and new.
I look forward to watching it again sometime, preferably projected on a large screen in a park some summer night.
What we need is a good summer movie. "Super 8" is pretty close. Never mind the plot holes,dozens of unanswered questions and the abandonment of logic. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Super 8 is mostly tremendous fun and it certainly hits all of its emotional cues.
If you're wondering what's missing from so many big-budget, effects-driven Hollywood movies, the answer lies in J.J. Abrams' Super 8: heart and passion. What's happening onscreen really matters to...
It's E.T. on crystal meth... but in a good way.
Pandering and illogical, Super 8's plot makes no demands on viewers' intelligence.
For all its obvious touches of Spielbergia, Super 8 feels a whole lot like The Iron Giant meets Stand By Me. In a good way.
The film lacks suspense and gets bogged down in cheesy improbabilities and implausibilities. Joon-ho Bong's 2006 monster movie The Host was better.
Fun, fast homage to its many predecessors.
Good but not great. The unfinished business may tempt writer/director J.J. Abrams to do a sequel. Motel 6 anyone? We'll leave the light on for ya.
An awkward, overstuffed adventure that wears its influences on its sleeve but doesn't deliver on their promises. It's kinda funny, and kinda cool, but in the end you feel - basically - nothing.
While there's nothing wrong with looking back on 30-year-old Spielberg flicks, or 60-year-old sci-fi B-movies with rosy adoration, doing so to the point of subverting Abrams' own artistic voice mars what might have been great instead of just good.
Abrams deserves a lot of credit for keeping this movie's heart in the right place even as the plot gets increasingly implausible.
Writer/director J.J. Anrams' nifty, nostalgic homage to the innocence and wonder epitomized by his mentor/producer Steven Spielberg.
The kids have no effect on the story, not the military's interference in the accident clean up, not the finale, etc. Even the Super 8 reel doesn't change their behavior, so it's almost as if the entire movie is a MacGuffin.
Worthy of the adjective Spielbergian indeed.
J.J. Abrams' Super 8 can't live up to its advanced billing, but it's still a crisp combination of 'Goonies,' 'Stand By Me' and ... I can't spoil the rest.
Will serve as brilliant family viewing, or viewing for science fiction geeks...
It is said that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. With Super 8, Steven Spielberg must be blushing like a reticent schoolgirl who just got asked to the formal.
A love letter to a cinematic era, before 'blockbuster' became a synonym for 'franchise' or 'tent pole.'
Remember the good old days? This is the movie you went to see on a Saturday afternoon in the good old days.
Let's be honest: the b.s. sci-fi plot is so much empty machinery, which becomes steadily more apparent as the film wends its way toward a heavy-metal climax that's narratively and emotionally questionable.
Cleverer individuals than myself will no doubt snicker behind chewed fingernails at my moon-eyed walk down memory lane, but I think my cynical a-hole cred can take the hit.
There's much to like in this story of a group of young movie-makers who stumble upon an event right out of, well, the movies.
If Abrams had stuck with the kids and cut way back on all the sci-fi hoo-ha, his film might have stood a fighting chance of being charming. Big is not always better, even when it comes to fantasies.
Teens save town in action-heavy sci-fi film with retro feel.
Abrams remembers the simple rule that a majority of his contemporaries have forgotten: action and mayhem have meaning only when an audience cares about the people trapped within the maelstrom.
The final scene, which you truly have to see for yourself to roll your eyes at, solidifies that 'Super 8' is just super foolish.
Despite its old Spielberg magic, it's J.J. Abrams' deftly applied human touches that put Super 8 over the top.
E.T. texted a homey, Spielberg paid the earth-bound ticket, and now we have Super 8.
Director J.J. Abrams channels his inner Spielberg -- and it mostly works
A popcorn blockbuster made with craft, care, enthusiasm, genuine affection for its characters and respect for its audience. It's entirely derivative, yet in this season of sequels and remakes and snark, it feels not just fresh but refreshing.
What makes "Super 8" so good is that it is told from the viewpoint of the kids, whose emotional honesty bring a sense of reality to this fantasy thriller.
It's what a summer movie should be, and too often isn't.
Super 8 hits on many of the touchstones that one has come to associate with the youth-oriented blockbusters of the 1980s...
Abrams is a loving synthesist of Spielberg's themes and techniques, a worthy inheritor of his beagle-like narrative instincts ... but when it comes to the plucking of heartstrings, he lacks the true Stradivarian shamelessness of his mentor.
A very entertaining summer diversion
Works so well for an hour or so that it's disappointing to watch it unravel in the third act and then fall apart completely at the climax. In retrospect, it's a mess.
Probably the best movie about kids since STAND BY ME.
Super 8 is a tremendously entertaining summer movie that could pass as a lost Steven Spielberg work from, say, 1979, which, not coincidentally, is the story's setting.
It looks great and moves well; it's exciting and funny in all the right places.
This may not be a children's classic that will last for generations, but it will make for a rollicking afternoon at the multiplex for kids around Joe's age.
The biggest obstacle facing "Super 8" may be expectations.
More than anything, "Super 8" is a straightforward love letter to those carefree days when anything felt possible as long as you had your friends, a movie camera and some semblance of a plan.
Maybe I'll be proven wrong about the five stars, but if nothing else, Super 8 is the kind of film I loved to watch as a young teen and haven't seen for a long time.
At a certain point, though, a part of me couldn't help but become a little annoyed at Abrams' insistence to emulate Spielberg so perfectly.
Super 8 is really about the thrill Abrams must have felt when he and his buddies discovered films and filmmaking, awakening in them that ancient drive to tell stories.
Super 8 is an unapologetic joy from beginning to end that will thrill and engage kids, both old and new.
None of this is exactly fresh - '8' pays homage to venerable sci-fi clichés and revisits territory Spielberg has covered before. But what's so refreshing is how effortlessly entertaining it turns out to be. The plot's engine practically purrs.
That is about as 'best of both worlds' as one could ask for.
I must confess that my anticipation for this film was up there on the same level I felt standing in line to see "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" or "The Empire Strikes Back." And I have to say that my anticipation was met in spades.
Abrams' imitation is a shade too reverent for my taste. He lacks the subversive edge that allowed Joe Dante to bite his producer's hand and bring Gremlins to life, for example, and Abrams seems unsure just how scary he wants things to get.
Abrams fashions Super 8 in such a calculating manner, with every element weighed both for maximum nostalgia value and ironic hipster cred, that it has an artificial feel to it. It's like a birthday cake made of spun glass.
This sci-fi thriller has an engrossing plot and a strong cast of fully drawn characters. There's even a sweet youthful love story. In other words, it's a summer blockbuster firing on all cylinders.
As befits a Spielberg tribute, dysfunctional families come together, children come to understand their parents' travail, parents are reminded that they love their children.
Part The Goonies part War of the Worlds, J. J. Abrams' Steven Spielberg produced monster movie, Super 8, is entertaining stuff. However, it can't live up to its wonderful set-up.
Elle Fanning is going to be a superstar.
Abrams' muddled tribute to '80s Spielberg does indeed feature well-rounded human beings, but mostly forgets to put them in an interesting story.
The result is a sci-fi monster movie that keeps its sense of fun and humanity. It's a valentine to a classically American genre -- the B-movie -- and a nostalgic look back on a more innocent time.
The movie doesn't quite go off the rails along with that mysterious train, but it's pretty close.
No one understands the language of film better than these guys and their evident pleasure in the economical story-telling through visuals adds to the dazzle.
This new film isn't perfect, and may not be a world-changer, but it's certainly a world-pleaser.
It's the child actors, heroic indeed, who rescue Super 8 from the blockbuster grip of its adult makers.
Ultimately, it's the period and character details in Super 8 that provide the grist for its winning formula, rather than its emotional arc and monster jolts.
For pretty much the first half of the new movie from writer-director J.J. Abrams, Super 8 isn't really even an alien thriller; it's a sad-sweet tale of loss and coming-of-age set in the golden-gone days of the late '70s.
J.J. Abrams takes this warm concept and turns it into an impersonal sci-fi thriller, capsized by an increasing overload of digital effects.
Abrams, unfortunately, is not Spielberg. But why should he be? Who else is?
A fitfully entertaining, loving tribute, but little more.
The worst that can be said about the film is that the characters are far more compelling than the mystery they solve.
...the result is clunky and predictable, not streamlined and exciting like the Spielberg films of old.
Its pleasures are borrowed, but durable.
It's spirited and funny and deeply entertaining, a summer movie for kids who think like adults and adults who feel like kids.
The bifurcated "Super 8" is emotionally resonant before asserting its blockbuster aspirations.
Super 8 rekindles your wonder with the movies.
A delightful, touching and engrossing coming-of-age story that just happens to have a rampaging monster in it as well.
Super 8 is filled with great moments that don't always work great together.
Attempts the difficult feat of balancing self-consciousness about the olden days with wide-eyed, headlong, present-tense fun. For about an hour it succeeds marvelously. The modest letdown that follows exposes the limitations of Mr. Abrams's imagination.
If you're wondering what's missing from so many big-budget, effects-driven Hollywood movies, the answer lies in J.J. Abrams' Super 8: heart and passion. What's happening onscreen really matters to the young people in the story-so it matters to us too...
Super 8 takes its place among the best B-grade science fiction movies of this generation by copying the best of the past 50 years.
Has moments of greatness, but the ending is a slight disappointment.
Breathing new life into these old forms is a next-to-impossible mission, but if the skeletons in your closet are made of celluloid, "Super 8" will be more of a treat than a trick.
Super 8 is such an authentic homage to the glory and excess of Spielberg that it barely has its own identity. It's been body-snatched by its own influences.
Writer-director J.J. Abrams overloads this sci-fi adventure with so many homages to his co-producer Steven Spielberg that it plays like the elder director's greatest hits, minus his characteristic scares and sense of wonder.
Super 8 shows that Abrams is not so good at making Steven Spielberg films.
Harks back to the kind of film Spielberg was producing in the late '70s and early '80s... For much of its length, Super 8 is comparable with the best of these films.
The lasting charm of Abrams's work here is the warmth he finds in the youthful and awkward protagonists of Super 8.
The performances are all fine, the scares are good, and it looks and sounds like a cross between E.T. and Lost. Still, what's best about it is the way it taps the power of movies and stories.
A retro monster mash with a child's heart, a prodigy's unstoppable imagination and FX dazzle to spare.
A strong Kyle Chandler enforces order as Joe's lawman dad, while Elle Fanning catapults from child star to romantic heroine as a troubled teen.
"Super 8" knows what it wants to be, but like the earnest super-8 amateur flick its young heroes labor over, the movie skips some steps to achieve an effect. The result is an almost-great valentine to Gen-X genre milestones.
Though it won't earn any points for originality, in Abrams' hands 'Super 8' is a slick package of hand-me-down goods, smartly put together and...efficiently executed.
There is a lot to like about Super 8, but little that's new.
Abrams has assembled a terrific cast, particularly the six focal kids with Elle Fanning ("Somewhere") giving an honest-to-God Oscar calibre performance as Alice Dainard...
Even as writer/director J.J. Abrams seems bound and determined to follow a template of another's choosing, Super 8 still has a sprightly life of its own.
An exhilarating summer ride.
"Super 8'' is a curious thing indeed: A good movie that makes you want to go home and re-watch a great one.
Abrams ... delivers a phenomenal pop-art experience, dazzling the senses while aiming straight for the heart.
Works as a time capsule, a moviegoing scrapbook, and a pretty nifty creature feature, though the final blend of elements lacks a tight seal that keeps the film a consistent package of delights.
J.J. Abrams' lovingly nostalgic tribute to early Spielberg will make you look back fondly to a time when a group of schoolkids could outsmart the government.
All too often the plot feels calculated rather than organic, the result of a time-tested formula rather than genuine innovation.
Like a too-faithful adaptation afraid to tweak the novel, this pleasant Spielberg-adoring nostalgia-fest is easier to admire than to love. It's borrowed magic.
It's as full of rich characters as it is smart popcorn-movie scares.
Often exciting and entertaining.
An entertaining and fun time at the movies like they used to make them. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
Super 8 is worth the extra effort to remain in the dark, so its old-school popcorn delights stay fresh. Abrams is dealing with an alien, but what he's really fiddling with is time travel, back to the '80s when kids hadn't yet seen it all.
Ultimately comes apart in its attempts to fuse an earnest and sweet coming-of-age tale with a far less effective sci-fi/horror creature feature
A rather mean-spirited retelling of the E.T. story . . .
It's the lame script, awful direction and total lack of heart or intelligence that makes this extremely agonizing to sit through.
This melding of two cinematic sensibilities, though effective at moments, is finally not as exciting or involving as it we'd like it to be.
"Super 8" is more like a mannered impression of a great '70s summer movie than the real thing, but that makes it just about perfect for our age of simulated sincerity.
Put "The Goonies," "E.T.," "Close Encounters" and "War of the Worlds" in that blender from "Gremlins" -- and transport the mixture back to 1979 in the "Back to the Future" DeLorean -- and you get J.J. Abrams' "Super 8."
Abrams and executive producer Steven Spielberg are reprising a few of their own greatest hits, and creating the kind of Saturday-matinee adventure that kids of a bygone era would have raced to the neighborhood movie house to see.
What Abrams has created here is a near-perfect summer movie.
To watch Super 8 is to witness the birth of our current geek culture.
A mind-blowing masterpiece. The films works perfectly on both an emotional and suspenseful level. Every aesthetic from Giacchino's score to Abrams' use of lens flares was epic!
A combination of period science-fiction tale and coming-of-age story whose paths eventually collide in disconnected schmaltz.
Never forgets that special effects and sheer spectacle mean nothing if there aren't relatable characters and an emotional thematic throughline to first and foremost care about.
However much of this you've seen before, Abrams succeeds in making it all mean something again.
Super 8 is a wonderful film, nostalgia not for a time but for a style of filmmaking, when shell-shocked young audiences were told a story and not pounded over the head with aggressive action.
Spectacularly bottles the Spielbergian magic-actually, that feels like an understatement; the movie is a full-pound Spielberger.
Super 8 is a welcome dose of nostalgia, since we're reminded that CGI-heavy disaster flicks can still maintain essential ingredients like character and heart.
Super 8 is a loving, heartfelt but hollow pastiche.
While it wears its cinematic influences on its sleeves, this is a true original, creating a world that feels utterly real, exciting and wonderfully nostalgic.
Loving, playful, and spectacularly well made, Super 8 is easily the best summer movie of the year -- of many years. And I make that declaration with full knowledge that the season has just begun.
Abrams brings so much affection to the project the results reveal both the film geek he surely was as a Spielberg-lovin' kid, and the hard-charging populist he has become.
Super 8 is a movie of many marvelous surprises. It mixes period authenticity... with postmodern techniques to thrill, enthrall, and engage.
Super 8 is great. Wildly fun. J.J. Abrams is such a pro.
The reasons you'll remember the movie will be all about quieter, moving intimacy created by its characters.
It's not a perfect film - the ending couldn't possibly live up to the build-up, for instance - but it is just a tremendous amount of fun.
"Super 8" displays the transition from Spielberg the man to Spielberg the noun. (As in: Abrams has pulled a Spielberg.) But it's far from perfect.
Sorry to dash your hopes, but it's just more of the same junk. Junk for children, with an estimated $45-million budget. There oughta be a law.
Budding teen romance, menacing military men and not one but two dysfunctional dads are checked off like a how-to Spielberg kit with a depressing lack of intellectual heft.
Halfway through Super 8 I stopped thinking about the films that inspired Abrams to make it and started envisioning the works that would be inspired by THIS movie. Yes, it's that good.
While the line between inspiration and imitation blurs, what remains crystal clear is that Super 8 has been made with nothing but the purest of intentions: to entertain.
In a manner similar to Gus Van Sant's Psycho, it's merely a high-resolution photocopy devoid of its revered predecessors' soul.
There is, of course, a Big Showdown at the end which is appropriately satisfying, but Super 8 really is more about the nostalgic journey than the futuristic destination.
Super 8 is a live-action episode of Robot Chicken, as delivered by a Steven Spielberg tribute band.
Named for an obsolete cinema technology, Super 8 is involving enough to create its own reality.
More than just a simple imitation ... a richly developed and entirely sincere appreciation of [Steven] Spielberg's savvy for mass audience entertainment.
...like E.T., this is an adventure story that revolves around a group of ordinary kids doing something extraordinary, often despite the adults in their world.
A great leap forward for someone who already has proven himself as a formidable TV auteur..what a great summer movie should be - indeed, what a great movie should be anytime.
All you're left with is ... story. And strong performances. And well-developed characters. And a believable emotional arc. And genuine thrills.
While Super 8 lacks some of the emotional punch and heart so masterfully orchestrated by Spielberg, it does capture some of the magic, surprise, and excitement of his early works.
This is more of the *batteries not included Amblin than The Goonies Amblin. It turns out to be a patronizing exercise in fabricated childhood emotion.
Super 8 is complete. That sounds more like a minimum requirement for a movie rather than grounds for a rave, but it's astounding just how fulfilling J.J. Abrams' latest film is.
Sadly, the helmer seems too smitten working with Steven Spielberg to recognize that his idol-turned-champion created the very paradigm that limits his passion project, forcing this modest nostalgia trip to function as a blockbuster.
An engaging return trip to Steven Spielberg's youthful world of wonder courtesy of J.J. Abrams.
It would be easy to dismiss as 100 percent ersatz if it didn't rekindle at least some of the old excitement -- and if the magic of Spielberg's older movies didn't filter through, like light from a distant galaxy.
It's so much fun to watch these cheeky, loveable kids pull together and navigate their way through this extraordinary adventure.
While other filmmakers have been inspired by Spielberg to push the envelope, J.J. Abrams seems happy to try to make one like they used to, except not as successfully.
It's not a bad movie, but the emotional tags fail to kick in, and the surface story is all there is
J.J. Abrams rekindles the child in all of us in this super film that is all at once sci-fi thriller, mystery adventure and coming of age story. It's got heart, too.
[VIDEO] "Super 8" is made by young-minded adults who haven't lost their sense of inspiration for the magic of making movies from a child's perspective.
Abrams channels conventions and cliches of 1950s genre movies by way of paying tribute to Spielberg's classics, resulting in a nostalgic, sharply uneven tale that lacks the master's coherent and elegant style.
Abrams tackles Super 8 like it's a time capsule, emphasizing cartoony period details while ignoring the cohesiveness of the stories that came before his.
The year's most thrilling, feeling mainstream movie.
Abrams' genius lies in finding that early Spielberg vibe without losing his own auteurial voice in the process.
When Super 8 works, though, it really works, earnestly and without manipulation.
Super 8 is still fun, and often funny too. It's also entertaining, and sometimes even a little startling.
While it has good performances and looks pretty, SUPER 8 is a movie that, in the end, does not fully work on any level except for cheap nostalgia porn.
Super 8 is a fun-filled tribute to creature features, mayhem and finding your way in the world.
In some way Super 8 is the ultimate found footage piece and for once we are not yelling back at the screen to put down the camera.
Super 8 is a noble effort that gets a lot right, and a lot wrong.
Action packed and dramatically fulfilling, Super 8 is J.J. Abrams love letter to the adventure found in youth and tribute to the early films of Steven Spielberg.
Super 8 thrives on nostalgia and Abrams' admiration for all things Spielberg, but the results are as aggravating as they are satisfying.
... the film's gentle charms and young cast won me over, and in the end, this is a lovely look at getting over pain and letting go, wrapped in just a bit of sci-fi and wonder.
Super 8 is a blast to watch, that kind of well-oiled summer entertainment that both surprises you and gives you exactly what you want.
Super 8 is the perfect summer movie riddled with the kind of action, heart, and fun that most filmmakers would kill to be able to conjure.
'Super 8' can be simplified as 'E.T.' meets 'Cloverfield'... [it] truly is the beginning and the end of summer blockbusters...
Super 8 doesn't possess the top-to-bottom greatness of the films it's modelled on but, in shooting for the stars, leaves 90% of modern blockbusters in the gutter.




@highlight

It may evoke memories of classic summer blockbusters a little too eagerly for some, but Super 8 has thrills, visual dazzle, and emotional depth to spare.