A beautiful bummer, a deeply-felt and sumptuous movie...
It's not necessary to pick up on all the breadcrumbs Satrapi plants here from her previous tale to enjoy this dreamy film.
As whimsical a film about a suicidal old man as you'll find.
Suffused with longing and whimsy, Chicken with Plum's tone can get a little stretched; it can be a touch twee, even cautious. But mostly this adaptation retains a sad dreaminess and a melancholy comic-ness without ever getting cartoonish.
These moments give flavor, but fail to cohere into any particular taste.
unfurls in a dazzling set of sequences and montages that demonstrates everything shown to us - like marriage and society itself - may not be as it seems, or what it should have been.
While visually scrumptious, the movie struggles to reach a greater profundity that it never quite obtains, but its childlike emulation of a grand tragedy is indelibly precious.
On a scene-by-scene basis, much of Chicken With Plums delivers satisfactorily, but it adds up to much less than the sum of its many parts.
There are pleasures to be found in Chicken with Plums to be certain, but we'd hope for something a little more satisfying next time out from the directing team.
...an admirable trip down the rabbit hole of a lonely man's mind and inspiration, but it loses its way about halfway through the movie and feels like a series of inspired, lovely short films, held together by the barest of threads.
... uneven blend of whimsy and surrealism that's visually compelling but narratively flat.
Takes its time creating sad beauty
Resurrects the spirit of Middle Eastern fables, albeit with a French twist.
[Amalric] anchors Satrapi and Paronnaud's magical visual range and an emotional journey that zips from ecstasy to tragedy and back again.
Satrapi and Parronnaud give us clues but no solution. The fun, for those of us who like fairy tales, is in guessing.
Directors Vincent Paronnaud and Marjane Satrapi use various cinematic tricks to examine their protagonist and his life. Voice-over narration, animation and music are a few of the options with which they compose their narration.
This dreamy, visually inventive Iranian drama functions on so many levels of reality and obsession that it almost ceases to entertain.
It's fascinating as an offbeat storytelling exercise.
A crushing disappointment by almost any standard, Marjane Satrapi and Vincent Parronaud's followup to the delightful Persepolis is a bad idea poorly realized.
Tepid stew.
Fluctuating between the extraordinary and the dull, with sections of narrative explication and tangents, Chicken With Plums can be as frustrating as it is ambitious. It's more like Chicken With Plums -- and the Kitchen Sink.
There are a few writing problems and the melancholy mood weighs heavily, but Amalric's performance remains the film's rallying point.
Chicken is a movie that begins with a crescendo and doesn't sustain its lyricism.
"Predictability" is not in Satrapi and Paronnaud's vocabulary, and that is no small thing in this or any other movie era. But the whole those parts form never exceeds their sum.
"Chicken With Plums" is a whimsical, sad, diverting and altogether delightful exploration of how cinema can benefit, not only from glancing back at its own past, but by staying open to parallel forms of presentation and play.
This highly stylized, often beautiful rumination on life and art and the choices we make just sort of lies there, waiting to expire.
The simplicity of animation and story in ["Persepolis"] is put aside for the far more complex and layered "Chicken with Plums,"
For the most part it's a savory treat, much like the titular dish.
It's one of the year's unique and most entertaining movies.
Chicken with Plums is as charmingly romantic as Persepolis was fiercely political; it's as magical and as deeply felt as anything else I've seen this year.
Mostly delicious...a whimsical but bittersweet love letter to the lost Iran of Satrapi's youth.
It is the story of a man who, disappointed by life and love, decides to go to bed and die. And the movie does the same - only it dies a full hour before the finish.
Chicken With Plums is not a thoroughly delectable concoction, but its exotic flavor is worth sampling.
A film that's so clever, whimsical and creative in execution it'll take you a minute to realize it's about a husband and father of two who slowly commits suicide.
It's not entirely satisfying, but there's plenty to savor in "Chicken With Plums."
The visual equivalent of an intoxicant. One beautiful setting or image hazily dissolves into another, producing an enthralling kaleidoscope...
The story lacks the historical sweep of Persepolis... this often plays like a bummed-out Amelie.
Awkwardly tries to blend tones both moody and playful, but winds up only with tiresome, goofy darkness.
It is all melancholy and loss, and delightfully comedic, with enough but not too much magic realism.
The filmmakers rely on expressive eyes to carry a narrative style suitable for a silent movie.
Mixing an international cast in an amusing and imaginary Tehran, the directors evoke a past of the memory - of iconic characters and emotions writ large.
... tells its tale with magical realism using live action, sometimes set within animation, theatrical tableaux and old style movie trickery. It's as much a love letter to cinema as it is to Satrapi's home country.
The mood is world-weary and exhausted from passion, the sort best appreciated after a miserable breakup, enhanced by a few packs of Gitanes.
The many surreal flourishes, like the film's giant breasts and petals floating through a pink-tinged sky, are supposed to be absolved of cringing obviousness because they're, you know, poetic and exotic.
This richly embroidered tale feels more anecdotal than epic, less like a fully imagined film than like a series of beguiling and beautiful pictures.
Its storytelling style is playful and self-conscious, with magically unrealist touches.
Chicken with Plums is well-acted across the board, but it is Amalric's movie.
An overwrought Iranian film about a self-destructive artist.
A mesmerizing blend of evocative live-action drama, and lush animation to rival the work of Maxfield Parish, "Chicken With Plums" is a magical film of epic proportions.
The first live-action movie by the Persepolis filmmaking team of Marjane Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud is not as engaging as their animation debut, but is beautifully scored and well-acted.
With all the furious wand-waving, the story itself never gets to cast much of a spell.
The honest undercurrent of melancholy keeps the whole thing from becoming unmoored.
At once a mordant comedy, a tale of unrequited love and a story of heart-breaking artistry...it is magical and mysterious, a story of love lost - and lost again.
A trans-genre Iranian love story that is exquisitely cast, edited and photographed
Live-action follow-up to "Persepolis" set in 1950s Iran blends humor and poetry with delightful artistry.
A fable about the damage done when a young couple is forced to part, Chicken with Plums is deeply melancholic, yet so full of humor and humanity that it pulses with life even while tracing the trajectory of a slow suicide.
'Chicken with Plums' sneaks up on you; you're so busy marveling at the exuberant style that you may not notice how swoony and enchanting this charming little movie has become.
kalos o mpaklabas, alla sto miso tapsi mpoykwneis aderfaki moy
The same winning balance of seriousness and humor that made Persepolis such a hit works equally well in Chicken With Plums.
The nested narrative structure gives the movie a sense of inevitability that makes it all the more powerful when Almaric's wife and kids try to figure out what could make him happy.
Sit in the front - and don't peer too hard - and Chicken With Plums casts an undeniable spell.


@highlight

Whimsical and melancholy, Chicken with Plums is visually striking and dreamily compelling despite its occasional narrative missteps.