It's vulgar, it's sexual, it's occasionally hard to watch, but above all else, it's one of the best films of the year.
It is mostly a fascinating film because Minnie is so unpredictable at the crossroads of rampant sexual desire and curiosity; Powley is deliciously insolent.
The provocative picture Heller paints captures the essence of sexual discovery, female identity and coming of age in an almost pristine package. It's genuinely remarkable.
The Seventies are scarily well recreated, Powley is both fearless and excellent, and Skarsgård does a fine job of capturing the ambiguities of a character who must attract as much as he repels.
Shocking but genuine, poignant and hilarious, Diary of a Teenage Girl could well become one of the more memorable entries in the Sundance Film Festival's U.S. competition.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl is a film about discovery, and a big part of the joy in watching it is discovering things alongside the protagonist and narrator...
Minnie is nothing if not sympathetic.
It brutally and brilliantly captures the transition from girlhood to womanhood in all its flawed, messy glory, offering a positive and relatable lens through which other young women can see their own journeys.
The film may open with Minnie's search for love and validation from other people, but it ends with the legitimizing, exhilarating discovery that her most important relationship is with herself.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl is all about blurred lines and confusing emotions.
I'm reluctant to call this presentation of female sexuality 'brave,' because I don't think it's brave so much as just plain true
Marielle Heller's adaption of Phoebe Gloeckner's excellent graphic novel captures that specific, lurching dynamic [of 1970s parenting] to the degree that those of us who lived through it might find ourselves dropping our jaws in recognition.
It's as sincere and honest as Minnie can be heartfelt and self-assertive. Bittersweetly raw about young-adult feelings and feeling so not-quite-adult. Joins Show Me Love and She Monkeys in the pantheon of superb female coming-of-age films.
Dives head first in to the coming of age of a young woman, warts and all.
The Diary of A Teenage Girl moves in a sun-drenched haze, spattered with animation, thrilling in its very mundanity. It's smart and assured and, like Minnie, knows what it wants. Astonishing.
It's definitely a film made by women, about women, for women -- and a special one at that. But for filmgoers who stick with Minnie and witness her difficult journey, it is also a superb portrayal of a young girl's inner strength.
You'll be happy to meet the strong, smart -- and yes -- unapologetically horny teenage Minnie and, for two hours, be immersed in her world.
She's not defined by her damage, nor her sexuality. That quality is what makes the picture revolutionary; the insight and wit of of the writing and direction and the bracing humanity of the playing are what make it great.
It wields taboo like a cheap firecracker with a makeshift fuse, concurrently panicky and confrontational and overconfident, much like its 15 year-old lead character.
An attractive film with lots to take in and reflect on. [Full review in Spanish]
It abuses the unconvincing drama and dramatic twists the director submits to the young protagonist. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Diary of a Teenage Girl is surely destined to become a tentpole coming-of-age movie and, I imagine, a significant vehicle for the careers of everyone involved.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl is a rare gem because it strips the male gaze and sees Minnie's sexuality as her initial link to a deeper self discovery.
Writer-director Marielle Heller never passes judgement on her characters, giving us an honestly messy account of her heroine's sexual and artistic awakening.
Multiple stars are born in The Diary of a Teenage Girl, the conventionally titled film premiered earlier this year at Sundance that turns out to be unconventional in every way that matters.
[Bel Powley], Alexander Skarsgård as the boyfriend, and Kristen Wiig as the mum all display the subtlety not in the script.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl is honest, frank and doesn't hold back. So if you don't mind a swear word or two, and you want a realistic approach from a film, this movie could be for you.
The film is quietly radical not because it dares to rattle cages so much but because it doesn't. This is a story of huge emotions and big moments, told via intimate gestures and tiny power shifts. It's a gem.
An irregular coming of age tale that, having a story that's grounded on reality, flirts with improbable situations taken out of a very used mold. [Full review in Spanish]
From her breathless confessions of true love, to her sweaty accounts of coitus, Heller, Powley and Gloeckner pull us onto the mental merry-go-round of the female teen...
Prepare for the most f**ked up love triangle ever.
Whether adulthood is measured by age or experience or by something less quantifiable is one of the key questions the movie asks...
Powley is a 25-year-old actress, but she's a convincing teen in every sense (which will lead to the discomfort of some). It's a breakout performance.
Most crucially, Heller is more interested in bearing witness to adolescent experience than passing judgment -- and this approach extends to her handling of the adults around Minnie.
[Powley] offers a bold performance that mixes rabid hormones, spiritual agonising, scary self-debasement and extreme teenage drama-queening.
This powerfully arresting and affecting adaptation of the book by Phoebe Gloeckner is only getting started with the many and varied provocations it has in store.
Playing a character trying to reconcile her hormones, heart and head, Powley seems genuine in a way that actresses playing adolescents rarely do, and helps ensure that the heady rush of a movie that she's in does the same.
Frankness, candor, and honesty, served hot. A must-see.
Boldly honest and frank coming-of-age film that is at once daring in its subject matter, yet very much part of its genre. Good, but not quite great.
Heller's grasp of the material is as firm as a more experienced director's. Still, the primary attraction is Powley, who offers up the best acting performance I've seen all year.
The film doesn't glamorize the misadventures of its heroine any more than it condemns them, and the result is fresh in every sense.
...an audacious, winning debut -- for the director and the star ...
The first feature from Marielle Heller hits all the right chords as a mature sexual coming-of-age film.
As we watch Minnie (extraordinary 22-year-old British actress Bel Powley) bouncing blithely and often comically toward disaster, she seems painfully real.
Heller and her cast find too many piercingly honest moments for the movie ever to feel like a wallow in exploitation.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl locates all the good and bad things that sex does for its main character and sends her out into the world wiser for it.
Although Heller's debut does have some stylistic flourishes, this is not an exercise in style, but a refreshingly honest film, both funny and sad, about growing up female in all its messy complexity and wonder.
Powerful, exhausting, ecstatic, twisted and unerringly honest, "The Diary of a Teenage Girl" is a rare film indeed, a look at a young girl's messy coming of age told completely from the young girl's point of view.
Credit Heller for keeping proceedings in perspective and for delivering one of the most candid accounts of the teen odyssey.
One wrong move could have thrown the whole movie off, but Powley gets it right again and again. And so does the cast and crew.
﻿Directed by Heller with a winningly light touch, The Diary of a Teenage Girl doesn't aim to shock, but neither does it play for laughs. It's a comedy in the deeper sense: a story about the unstoppable vitality of the young.
Despite the troubling affair and Minnie's further experimentations with sex and drugs, The Diary of a Teenage Girl is less provocative than it is blunt and honest.
A funny, sad and ultimately triumphant coming-of-age story.
The superbly acted film, which won the best-cinematography award at this year's Sundance festival, is a dreamlike -- and sometimes quietly nightmarish -- evocation of youth.
The film is achingly apt in the ways it captures Minnie's intense emotions.
A sensitive, emotionally candid sexual awakening...
... specific to its setting but features a character whose neuroses and self-esteem issues will resonate.
Way overrated when it played Sundance, if this disappointing and dreary film presents one of the most unappealing ensembles of characters I have seen in a long time.
Marielle Heller's screen adaptation (which was first a stage adaptation) is suitably warts-and-all, corporeal, and morally complicated -- everything a teen account of their sexual awakening and unravelling should be.
In a good way, this very frank and unrepentant '70s coming-of-age tale will make some viewers uncomfortable -- parents especially.
[Not] played for cynical misanthropic laughs or as miserable tragedy, but...[in] an honest treatment devoid of the usual rush to judgment.
Writer/director Marielle Heller, in her captivating debut film "The Diary of a Teenage Girl," hits exactly the right tone for a complicated balancing act, and for a film that could very easily have gone wrong.
"The Diary of a Teenage Girl" is a breakthrough moment in the culture in that it depicts youthful female sexuality ... not just with the unapologetic frankness the boys usually get, but with an awareness of all the places a girl's urges will take her ...
An honest and personal and unblurred examination (even through that druggy blur) of a tricky voyage into womanhood.
"The Diary of a Teenage Girl" is as rewarding as it is squirm-inducing for its honesty, audacity and artful portrayal of adolescence from a girl's point of view.
Films often fail to capture the turmoil of being a teenager - but not this one.
A cautionary tale, but an edgy, compelling one that's often hard to watch and even harder to forget.
A coming-of-age movie from a woman's perspective that deals with sex in a frank, graphic way that is never salacious or prurient.
A serious, thought-provoking, funny, moving tale of a self-evolved winner.
Heller's film is a totally realistic and honest achievement that captures how some teenage girls think about sex and relationships.
Bold but flawed film about sexual awakening is very mature.
Adapting Phoebe Gloeckner's illustrated novel, Heller makes an impressive big-screen debut with this seriocomic adventure through the life and head of Minnie Goetze (played by British actress Bel Powley).
Seldom has teenage sexual awakening been covered from a female perspective - with a fickle alternating confidence, self-doubt and voracious appetite - quite so frankly or delicately.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl is undeniably bold in its candor, but it leaves us feeling empty.
Well-acted, well-written, well-considered, and very difficult to watch, this is a movie that challenges our expectations and makes us squirm in our seats, as though we're reading someone else's diary, when we know we shouldn't.
There is a kind of achievement in depicting a sexual relationship between an adult man and his girlfriend's daughter in a way that makes it feel neither predatory nor twisted... Whether it is a thing worth achieving is another question.
Expect to feel uncomfortable watching Diary of a Teenage Girl, which is precisely the point of this finely etched debut feature by writer/director Marielle Heller.
Heller's empathy and, let's be honest, her denial of prurience appears to free Powley from embarrassment. She's seizing this part, not shrinking from it.
It dares to show the heroine as something more complicated than a victim. As a result the movie lands somewhere outside the battle lines of contemporary gender politics, which may be why it feels true.
For an industry that can barely manage to put women in leading roles, The Diary of a Teenage Girl casts a sexually brash 15-year-old as antihero, and succeeds.
It's work, but it's ultimately rewarding work. It tackles some truths that other movies wouldn't touch, not even with a stick and thick gloves.
Heller's debut directorial effort is incisive and universal, despite its very specific and detailed setting.
This marks an amazingly auspicious debut for Heller, who adapts Gloeckner's novel with uncompromising and unsettling power, despite its slight incursion into a Hollywoodized upbeat ending.
Heller and Powley present a journey that, stripped to its most basic emotional elements, is timeless and universal.
The film is harsh but wonderful. It shouldn't be funny, too, but somehow it is, and somehow it's the right kind of funny.
One of the best films of the year.
Sometimes a performance is so good it leads people to think a movie is better than it is.
Newcomer Powley is terrific as the mercurial lead, who's not quite as mature as she believes herself to be, and she's matched marvellously by her grown-up co-stars.
[Minnie] learns; she learns better, and she learns well, but the movie is about becoming, not being judged, and not about judging oneself. Like all tightrope walks, The Diary Of A Teenage Girl is fearless, and often breathtaking.
Equal parts sophisticated and childish, adventurous and fearful, Powley is astonishingly good as the anchor of writer/director Marielle Heller's uncompromising adaptation of Phoebe Gloeckner's novel.
Not just a film about teen horniness; it's a subjective beaming from the mind of a young woman dealing messily with messy feelings.
Powley is a marvel and well-supported by the ace cast in a small film that deals with big issues about coming of age.
Whatever the film's flaws - foremost being a surfeit of magic-realist animation inserts - you can't say it isn't the Real Thing.
The first thing to know about The Diary of a Teenage Girl is that young British actress Powley is staggeringly good in it.
This is a gutsy, juiced-up film that manages to engage with a period and tell a few truths for the ages. All involved should be watched carefully.
Few films this frank about teenage sexuality are found in American cinema.
The Diary of a Teenage Gir is the kind of movie that seems a lot more adventuresome than it is.
Those who can hold it together through the graphic onslaught of poor decision-making ... will no doubt be pulled in by the film's strange blend of comic animation and heightened emotion.
Funny and sad, scary and sweet, disturbing and revelatory.
Bel Powley navigates the movie's nudity and non-graphic sex scenes with deadpan aplomb, and Wiig and Skarsgård are touching as leftover emblems of a passing age.
Quite delightful, a film which hums with a rare honesty and empathy.
Inventively visualised and electrified by Powley's vibrant star turn, this is mature, spirited, emotionally generous filmmaking that understands under-18s far better than innumerable insipid young adult romances.
Boasting powerful performances from its lead stars, wonderfully creative direction and a story that will have you howling with laughter and recoiling with horror, it's a film that really resonates.
In Powley we have a true star in the making.
It shouldn't be radical to see a movie treat a girl with this level of appreciation and understanding of her most intimate inner self. Yet it is.
In an era of smooth and sanitised teen movies, it is refreshing to encounter a film as idiosyncratic, dirty-minded and self-consciously wayward as this.
It will get up a lot of people's noses but this warm and grown-up film is shameless in the best sense of the word.
With translucent eyes and brass enough for an entire concert band, Powley plays Minnie with exuberant energy and crushing self-doubt.
It nails the emotional, hormonal bloodbath of a young girl's sexual coming of age with an earthy, humorous and boldly unflinching approach.
Big summer action movies can be thrilling, but if you really want to feel your heart pounding out of your chest, try being a 15-year-old girl for 101 minutes.
It's morally complex and sometimes uncomfortably close to the bone, but also lushly bawdy and funny, and packaged together with an astonishing degree of cinematic brio by first-time writer-director Marielle Heller.
Working from Phoebe Gloeckner's 2002 graphic novel/memoir, Heller gets the shabby glamour and bleached sunshine of '70s San Francisco just right, coloring several scenes with vivid blooms of animation.
It's unlikely to make a box office splash, but it's a startlingly tough, authentic depiction of budding womanhood.
a riveting, resonant first feature from Marielle Heller, with a breakout star performance from Brit actress Bel Powley.
Thank goodness the irreverent but earnest Diary of a Teenage Girl avoids the moralizing that would usually accompany a film about young people, sex and drugs.
The novel is life-specific, but what makes Minnie - on the page and now on the screen - greater than any one girl is how she tells her own story in her own soaringly alive voice.
Diary of a Teenage Girl veers into dark and edgy territory yet its light, "Sundancey" touch is undeniable.
A movie of (increasingly rare) truly indie sensibility, made by women who are confident about healthy feminine resilience.
Heller's nimble direction and clever script, based on Phoebe Gloeckner's semi-autobiographical graphic novel, ensure that the film never paints either Minnie or Monroe entirely as victim or predator.
For a movie about such fraught topics, sometimes rendered with admirable and non-squeamish explicitness, Diary often eschews melodrama; when the plot turns, it does so abruptly, providing a credible simulation of real-life tumult.
Frank, poignant and daring, "The Diary of a Teenage Girl" invites you into the mind-set of a sexually adventurous 16-year-old girl - and suggests you leave your judgment at the door.
Any woman who survived puberty knows that girlhood is all about obsession -- just ask Justin Bieber, One Direction, New Kids on the Block, or the Beatles.
It is open about its approach to sexuality and it doesn't shy away from it's likely controversial subject matter.
May tread familiar territory, but at least it does so with great empathy and thoughtfulness.
With wit, understanding, and directorial smarts, The Diary of a Teenage Girl makes for an uncommonly loveable debut and adaptation.
Heller approaches the film in just the right way: As an absolute outgrowth of arty Minnie's own pent-up creativity.
The loose quality makes for a bit of a shaggy story with some rough edges, but the bursting, youthful heart throbs with that mix of longing and triumph that is first love.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl isn't as different from most other indie coming-of-age films as one might initially believe.
This film may become the 'Catcher in the Rye' for young women.
Frank to the point of cringe-worthy.
It's difficult to recall another example in the coming-of-age genre so steadfast in its lack of judgement, especially one featuring a female protagonist.
What a ballsy film - and honest too.
Minnie's inner life, a fantasia of animations appearing Crumb-like around her, is dazzling, and there's plenty of naked emotion amid the sex, drugs and hand-drawn penises.
It's Powley, with her Manga-wide eyes and ability to convey vulnerability, heartache and a hardening resolve about who Minnie is as a person that grounds the film and makes it special.
While undeniably creepy at first and generally alarming throughout, the movie maintains a refreshing judgmental minimalism toward both its often reckless title heroine and the irresponsible adults she loves and betrays.
Bel Powley is magnificent.
A bold and unconventional portrait of a teenager who at 15 finds herself caught up in a surge of sexual experiences and emotions.
True to its title, Marielle Heller's adaptation of Phoebe Gloeckner's semi-autobiographical novel has the loosely structured, unfiltered feel of a young person's diary.
As you watch, it dawns on you that, absurdly, this has probably never been attempted before in a commercial feature - certainly not in this frank, unapologetic way.
Heller captures the era well, and her cast are never less than convincing. Insightful and important, this diary is well worth a peek.
An outstanding coming-of-age story.
It remains to be seen how the MPAA will react to THE DIARY OF A TEENAGE GIRL's frankness, but hopefully it won't be too restrictive as there's more value in this for younger people than in mainstream YA fare.
The Diary of a Teenage Girl uses its subject to examine the uncertainty of adolescence with a truly striking candor and realism.
Uneven as it can be at times in its last fifteen minutes, Marielle Heller has crafted promising debut that evokes the idea of unlocking the secret world of teenage girls and letting us live inside the special little jewel box, if ever so briefly.
At a time when Hollywood is often and rightly criticized for its negative portrayals of women, The Diary of a Teenage Girl sends a valuable message about the value of self-worth.
First time writer/director Marielle Heller, adapting the novel by Phoebe Gloekner, does a bang up job with the story, but also offers a fair bit of visual ingenuity.
A strikingly intimate look at a teenager's sexual life in an outstanding debut film.
A fine adaptation of Phoebe Gloeckner's autobiographical novel about a sexually precocious 1970s adolescence.
I made it two-thirds of the way through the routine sexual coming-of-age yarn "Diary of a Teenage Girl" when it occurred to me that anything else I could conceivably be doing would be more interesting.

@highlight

Boldly unconventional and refreshingly honest, Diary of a Teenage Girl is a frank coming-of-age story that addresses its themes -- and its protagonist -- without judgment.