The Answer Man is reaching for something but never quite grasps it.
Breezy and entertaining...
While The Answer Man has a meandering pace and ultimately goes precisely where you think it will, first-timer Hindman makes the journey pleasant among these literate and interesting folk.
Thanks to a stupendously inept finale it ends up going nowhere, and by the time it fades to black the only question I had was what could have potentially been changed to salvage it.
Watchable and occasionally endearing, but it's frustrating when our good will is tested by greeting-card sentiment and assembly-line clichés.
These are FATAL flaws in the screenplay -- not rooting for the romance to work and not rooting for the lead to find redemption. I wanted God to strike Arlen Faber down in the street.
An earnest, banal, not-quite-satire of New Age wisdom that evolves into a psychobabbling romantic drama.
Well-meaning rubbish is still rubbish.
How much more interesting is a film like (500) Days of Summer, which is about the complexities of life, in comparison with this one, which cheerfully cycles through the cliches.
The Answer Man is a perfect example of an Intelligent Bad Movie, easy to take, promising along the way ... And then things start to go wrong.
First-time director/screenwriter John Hindman seems aware of how predictable his premise could be, and despite a plot hole or two, he's put together a smart script with likable characters and lively dialogue that subverts the obvious clichés.
An unpretentious, subtle story of one man's redemption.
You have a likable cast, an engaging enough story with a few moments of both humor and emotional honesty.
It almost felt like the characters weren't really reciting dialogue that came from them but rather just simply memorizing it off the script.
Answer Man is a pleasant and enjoyable film, easy to go down, and often wrong about details: perfect for network TV.
Has a terrific cast and charming performances, but it's often lazy, contrived, lacking insight and, ultimately, underwhelming in terms of drama, romance and comedy.
As part of the current season's spate of philosophical lifestyle pap movies like "Away We Go" and "$9.99," first-time-director (oh how I rue those words) John Hindman trips at every step.
The Answer Man is like a great big breath of fresh air on the first nice day of spring. It is a story with characters who feel real, as they try to find real answers to real problems.
For all intents and purposes an uncredited remake of As Good As It Gets, which was kind of a crap flick to begin with...
Daniels' Faber can be a curmudgeon one moment and a charmer the next, and it's hard to accept the notion that Graham's level-headed gal wouldn't instantly see through his act and show him the door.
This two-bit echo of The Accidental Tourist is a preachy pill that wastes the genial, funny Jeff Daniels and the criminally underused Lauren Graham.
I could see the sparks flying, but they were being generated by my back teeth.
While the film periodically threatens to veer into extreme cutesy indie territory, Daniels and Graham keep it grounded.
A promising premise and some very good actors are smothered in goo in The Answer Man.
The implausible Answer Man offers little clarity but plenty of far-fetched scenarios and credibility-defying coincidences.
Its crackly sarcasm and smart talk turn out to be simply coating for a soft, icky, center.
Never shows enough passion to be interestingly bad.
The movie's many parallels leave it feeling schematic when it isn't focused on Daniels and Graham, who have such good comic timing they overcome all flaws.
The Answer Man combines the worst of both worlds: It offers the ugly digital video, negligible production values, and manufactured grit of a Sundance loser with the pandering formula, sentiment, and romantic-comedy clichés of Hollywood pap.
about as memorable as the proverbial stock picture that came with the frame
The Answer Man is one of those modestly diverting motion pictures that's as sweet as cotton candy -- and as insubstantial.
An uplifting spiritual drama about the value of wonder, the trouble with answers, the constrictions of fear, and the liberation of sharing and caring for others.
The debut from writer-director John Hindman features a premise that sounds an awful lot like As Good As It Gets, except the script isn't as sharp.
Arlen's salvation plays out with tender cloying predictability, though Lauren Graham, as the chiropractor who falls for him, has more spark than the movie deserves.
The improbable romance between the two stars is a stretch, but their chemistry is undeniable. Unfortunately, much of the film is too implausible to forgive.
The laid-back charm of Daniels and Graham's bumpy courtship gives the movie a much-needed edge of idiosyncrasy.
What's the point of giving us unsentimentalized and messed-up characters if you're just going to steer them all towards a tidy, unconvincing denouement?
It's rare that a movie manages to be both graceful and biting at the same time, let alone smart, funny and sweet. But The Answer Man fills the bill.
A dreary tale spun out of bland cliches and so many coincidences that one begins to believe its titular guru perhaps does have a direct line to the Almighty.
For those seeking smart, sharp, witty, indie filmmaking here's your answer.
Though his film is a tad choppy and a lot chatty, Hindman elicits sympathetic performances from leads who demonstrate a deep understanding of movie physics.




@highlight

The Answer Man takes an interesting premise and overloads it with implausible scenarios, indie comedy cliches, and an all-too-familiar story arc that only occasionally benefits from its typically capable actors.