Director Paul Schrader is too removed from the powerful emotions roiling through the film, but it may be the only way to handle the horrors he's forced to confront.
The ending throws away the complexity that makes the rest of the movie so interesting
A well-acted, sporadically intriguing drama that has a few poignant moments...but its convoluted, unfocused plot fails to pack an emotional wallop as a whole.
Goldblum gives a powerful performance in this film. His is one of the best performances by any actor in any film released in 2008.
Inexplicable, eclectic and esoteric, it's a sardonic turn-off to a mainstream audience.
Grapples with important themes and is expertly made, but is simply too odd and off-putting to be anything more than an almost grotesque curiosity.
For all the nightmarish scenes conceived as a creepy cross between Burroughs and Weisel, we don't receive the cathartic satisfaction typically related to the dramatization of Jewish tragedy.
It seems to have been written in a tone of magical realism, but the director is Paul Schrader, a filmmaker who has many talents, but no feel for whimsy, let alone magic.
In a less competitive year, Jeff Goldblum would have had a shot at an Oscar nod.
The conclusion of the film conveys a sense of moderate relief over life-altering transformation, shortchanging the miracle Goldblum is working overtime to achieve.
One cannot recommend this film strongly enough.
Could have been a tour de force for director Paul Schrader and his cast, and the glimpses of greatness make the reality all the more disappointing.
This is a really off-the-wall nihilistic fantasy that may please a small segment of the audience and perhaps even become a cult film.
A film of insanity, cruelty and living life when the thrill is gone, "Adam Resurrected" tells a powerful story---for viewers tough enough to take it. One of Jeff Goldblum's best performances and stand-up supporting work by Willem Dafoe.
A semi-unbearable attempt at profundity set in a mental institution 15 years after WWII.
Savage gallows humor might have substituted for pathos. But Adam Resurrected feels so detached that there is not a laugh, nor even a wicked smirk of nihilistic glee, to be gleaned.
Even when it flies off the rails deep into its third act, Resurrected remains strangely hypnotic.
Between Jeff Goldblum's wildly over-mannered performance and the schlocky treatment of serious subject matter, it's hard to know whether to simply dismiss the film or be outraged by it.
This is the rare film that is memorable, affecting, and bad.
Weird combination of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and a Holocaust drama is (almost) saved by Jeff Goldblum's commanding lead performance.
Jeff Goldblum gives a remarkable range to the title character, from the theatrical flair of his cabaret performances to his deep anguish at an Israeli cemetery.
Watching an entire film revolving around Goldblum becomes an exercise in frustration.
There's no doubt about this one extending [Paul Schrader's] run of low profile non-events.
The director, Paul Schrader, tries for cleansing audacity, but ends up too close to farce.
I can tentatively recommend it if only because there has never been anything like it in the history of cinema as far as I can remember.
Jeff Goldblum transforms even his lanky befuddlement into tall dignity here and ends up giving the intellectually mature performance of his career.
Finally, though, what do all Schrader's visual grotesqueries achieve?
"Slaughter House Five" meets "The Night Porter" in director Paul Schrader's energetic adaptation of Yoran Kaniuk's 1968 novel about former cabaret star Adam Stein (brilliantly played by Jeff Goldblum).
It offers little justification for a viewer to sit through such a depressing film.
Beleaguered by a general dearth of energy.
Might have been a touching story of deep irony if Schrader's approach didn't suffer so much from narrative confusion in an effort to convey the disorientation at its center.
An experience that is intellectual where it should be emotional, one belonging more on the stage than on the screen, a picture to be respected more than wrapped up in.
...a wrong-headed and surprisingly interminable failure from prolific filmmaker Schrader.
Especially disappointing after Schrader's precise and undervalued character study The Walker, though by this point it should be clear that erraticism is a key facet of his artistry.
Goldblum's performance as Adam is complex and engrossing to watch ...
You've got to hand it to Schrader: He pulls off enough of this impressionistic comedy to provoke passions and arguments anew about a topic that seems done to death.


@highlight

Such an unusual tale might have made for a compelling drama, but Adam Resurrected suffers from narrative confusion and an emotional detachment at its core.