Darker directions, off the beaten path.
The Girl from Monaco is so briskly plotted ( ... ) that it's easy to overlook the sharp, even feminist observations made about male friendship and sexuality.
When, far too late in the day for us to care, they enter Hitchcock territory, the plot shift gives you the cinematic equivalent of whiplash and leaves you holding your head, wondering how on earth it happened and really rather wishing it hadn't.
... an engaging and stylish film.
Fontaine can't seem to decide whether she's making a dry sex farce or a slow-burn thriller, and the movie never really commits to either.
If you think I'm being tasteless, you should see the movie.
C'est dommage.
The Girl from Monaco is a tease.
An uncommonly shrewd and funny farce.
Luchini's trademark mannerisms, which in some films can be irritating, are here perfectly judged and appropriate. Zem confirms his growing stature as a boxoffice attraction, [and] Bourgoin does well to keep her character from veering into caricature.
Luchini, who could read the phone directory and make it sound exciting, has completely nailed the soft-skinned, flabby, middle-aged lawyer who hides his hang-ups behind a barrage of verbiage.
A generally entertaining piece of fluff that's kept afloat by a weathered cast including Fabrice Luchini and Roschdy Zem.
As a solid thriller, La fille de Monaco feels like it's missed the mark.
Despite Bourgoin's dazzling presence, it's the hollow-eyed Luchini who quietly takes over the film.
The film doesn't add up to much in the end, but if you like leggy, flirty blondes, dark, brooding tough-guy bodyguards and fussy middle-aged lawyers, it's entertaining.
The postman may always ring twice, but a bodyguard doesn't even have to bother to knock.
The French comedy-drama The Girl from Monaco demonstrates how an excess of liberté and fraternité can be hazardous to the health, especially where there is an absence of egalité.
Like its protagonist, you end up with plenty to think about, puzzle over, and forget.
It's not at all as disposable as it seems at first glance.
Luchini and Zern develop a nice rapport in their scenes together that helps to keep the whole enterprise afloat and Bourgoin is enough of a looker to explain why both would become so infatuated with her.
C'est dommage, I have encountered a real French dud!
So what else is there to remotely recommend this film? As the French say, "rien".
It was a perfect blend of satire and tension.
The film dances around suspense and satire, but achieves little of both.
Fontaine puts a string of similarly striking images in succession, but they don't really coalesce into a movie.
The Girl From Monaco doesn't seem to know whether it wants to be a sprightly sex comedy or an enigmatic little thriller. Unfortunately, it's neither very funny nor very thrilling.
This is a modest but expertly performed piece. And this summer, surrounded by lesser, louder, bigger and dumber diversions, it's especially welcome.
The Girl From Monaco may be momentarily entertaining, but don't expect anything profound from the lightweight saga as it wends its way to its contrived, TV-movie conclusion.
It's often sparkling, always stylish -- but ultimately no more significant than another day at an overpriced resort.
The Girl From Monaco is a romantic comedy/drama, but the most appealing relationship has nothing to do with the girl of the title.
Somehow Ms. Fontaine's attempt to mix styles and genres does not quite work, and instead of drawing tighter, The Girl from Monaco snaps and slackens, its apparent ingenuity revealed as a dubious contrivance.
The Girl from Monaco is not more than an entertainment, but an assured and well-oiled one.
At best diverting, at worst an almost self-parodic compendium of French film cliches.
Some movies create an inviting world for the viewer. This is one of them.
...isn't much of a movie but offers scrumptious views. Watching this movie makes you feel rich and sun-kissed and slightly decadent.
The film, having paraded itself fairly clumsily as a romantic comedy with psychological twists, turns absurdly serious on the treacherous roads that hug Monaco's cliffs.
For all the elasticity of the form, Anne Fontaine's Girl is still a cloying bit of business, rarely very funny and never smart enough to make a solid point, at least about anything we don't already know.
The film's love triangle and subsequent tonal 180 is a head-scratcher that renders it neither a comedy nor drama. What it feels like instead is a trifle -- and not one compelling enough to recommend.
Obsessed with the image of its tall and tan leading lady, The Girl from Monaco ends up a weak cocktail with a big red cherry floating between its ice cubes.
A confection that has gone sour before you've finished consuming it.
In these roles, Fabrice Luchini and Roschdy Zem make an accomplished acting team.
The chemistry between each pairing of the three principals is surprisingly potent and that's what makes this film work.
The Girl from Monaco is a frustratingly suspense-free affair.
There's little question that the movie will most be remembered for its introduction of the luscious Louise Bourgouin. Fontaine has a way at bringing out her oozing sex appeal without the movie ever feeling exploitative.
The modest pleasure of the film issues chiefly from the performances.
The comedy is subtle as is the subtle motif.
A clever genre-blender from Anne Fontaine, "The Girl From Monaco" is a romantic satire that achieves a delicate balance of motivation and risk reward or punishment on the social stage of its French Riviera town.
Silly romantic comedy about a very proper top Parisian criminal lawyer on a case in Monaco where he falls for a trashy local eludes both truths and justice to its audience. Some pretty Monegasque scenery and a cameo from acting vet Stéphane Audran are no
If a man had directed The Girl from Monaco, this erstwhile comedy would be labeled misogynistic -- a charge that would stick.
All three of the principal players are excellent and the film has a breezy, sexy tone that's harder to pull off than it looks.




@highlight

Undeniably slight, this satiric thriller suffers from an uneven tone and a relative lack of thrills, but solid performances from the cast help keep it afloat.