. . .I still can't decide if the film is serious or not. If it is, this causes some major problems, since the morality it espouses is nuts.
God, sex and the blues are mashed together and deep fried southern style in Craig Brewer's unique Black Snake Moan.
Snaps and crackles with comic verve
With excellent performances, plays on morality and sexual behavior, Brewer composes another surefire classic.
Craig Brewer, the promising director who hit it with Hustle and Flow, seems to harbor a need to exorcise his white burden through films centered on black music.
Brewer knows his music, and how to make it the center of a story; if he only did a better job filling in the rest of the blanks, this might've worked.
Moan? You're more likely to be groaning - or possibly hooting with laughter at the implausibility of this messy, misogynistic melodrama.
I did expect there to be a stronger emotional connection between Ricci and Jackson, but that said, the two actors were impressive to watch.
Pulpy Southern immorality tale is for adults only.
Chaining people to your radiator is a Wrong Thing To Do. This is not the opinion of Black Snake Moan.
Its sleazy, scuzzy nature comes not from a forward desire to push the standards of taste but a been-there sense of the ways of the world.
Deception, freedom and redemption all weave themselves into a moody tale that holds our attention for most of the time, compounded by Ricci's striking performance and waif-like appearance
Basically, the movie is an old-fashioned morality play, for all its lurid details.
A fascinating, colourful, sometimes outrageous film that succeeds because it was built on a solid foundation.
Black Snake Moan is highly recommended for anyone who is tired of films with scripts that insult their intellect or that boast superficial performances by mediocre actors.
A superbly written, brilliantly acted and frequently surprising film that is by turns sexy, shocking and ultimately moving.
Jackson's elegant performance gives the frequently tough to swallow story some credence.
It's so profoundly, mind-blowingly offensive that you almost have to admire the writer/director Craig Brewer's nerve.
Sam Jackson delivers the electric blues in a not-so-blue movie that promises more Deep South sin than it actually delivers.
This is an unusually bold film, but it's also a morality tale that's riddled with hypocrisy and is frankly offensive. Not a blues movie as much as a blue movie.
Frankly, I'm shocked by the number of critics who have been praising the film. To my mind, the movie doesn't even rate to be called camp. It's simply a bad idea gone wrong.
The concept works better in esoteric theory than it does in actual practice.
Rae's body-as-cliché remains intact, whether spilling out of her t-shirt or wrapped up in her little white wedding dress.
The collision of ideals is also where Black Snake Moan shines as a statement on the value of the cultural melting pot.
Moody and full of atmosphere, this film has a terrific premise, but no plot to speak of. It's an intriguing character study, beautifully filmed and acted but ultimately somewhat empty.
Feels about as authentic as the radiator in that semi-tropical countryside, where the only steamy stuff one can imagine being generated, is from that temptress in heat chained up to it.
This is a strange, politically incorrect and controversial film. It defies all expectations.
The pace may be uneven but the music side of this album is worth watching and especially listening to.
This edgy story may seem heavy and dark, but it's infused with a great deal of humor.
While writer-director Craig Brewer's Black Snake Moan isn't the film his earlier Hustle & Flow is, it's got its peculiar Southern Gothic appeal. Moan transcends its trashy, exploitative trappings, rising to a homey sort of salvation.
...compelling, surprisingly non-expoitative...
A dismal trailer and misguided promotion make this look like a gothic horror story, when, in fact, it is a feel good love story.
Is it trash or art? Maybe it's a bit of both. It's certainly one of the most 'alive' films out there.
Succeeds as a startling vehicle of reinvention for Ricci, even if its exploitative topcoat is a bit of a put-on, shuck-and-jive routine.
Jackson's best performance in more than a decade
This could all too easily be seen as an offensive conceit exploiting real-life sexual trauma for exaggerated screen imagery, but the film works because the performers make it feel real.
This is a bluesy, emotional journey that casts a powerful spell.
And the Oscar for Best Performance in Her Underwear goes to ... Christina Ricci, playing a pint-sized Jezebel who gets a spiritual wedgie from a half-crazed, blues-singing black man named Lazarus.
Watching Christina Ricci being beat up, raped and chained semi-naked to a radiator, while Samuel L. Jackson spews stereotypical drunken Southern-black-man rhetoric, makes this blues-infused melodrama almost unbearable.
Tells its screw-loose story in such a forthright manner and with such heedless and fearless energy that you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen, even if you are busy rubbing them out of sheer disbelief.
Even at its most ludicrous, Black Snake Moan stays somehow believable. You think, 'I can't believe I'm buying this,' but the fact remains, you're buying it.
What Brewer may be doing, other than having a blast, is dragging a lot of ghosty old racial-sexual prejudices out into the disinfecting sunshine to be laughed at as they shrivel and die.
Proof-positive that screen chemistry can trump trash, and that it's hard out here for a nympho, too.
The kind of film that makes me glad that I'm living in a blue state. In other words, it's effective.
Black Snake Moan finally, is a comedy of faith and faithlessness, in their religious and also their sexual dimensions...A consummate act of jerking our collective chain, and making us love it.
In Black Snake Moan Brewer balances race, religion, and sexuality in a strange yet intriguing storyline that exposes the human soul and how some people deal with emotional pain.
That's the hypocrisy that tears this fascinating film apart: The female sexual urge must be broken, but the male sexual urge can be celebrated in song.
...a conventional yarn of salvation and redemption that benefits most from a daring, no holds barred performance by Christina Ricci.
Pitched uncomfortably but compellingly between homage and exploitation in its big-hearted exploration of the steamiest corners of black life.
Delightfully outrageous, Black Snake Moan is an explosive mixture of sex, race and down-South swamp water.
The concept may sound a little strange at first (and trust me, it is), but that only opens the door for some truly comedic scenes between the two lead actors.
Watching this film is the closest you'll ever come to seeing what the blues actually looks like. It's dirty, and it's stinky, but most of all, it's something that comes from within a person's soul.
There's just nowhere to go. They start talking about their feelings and being the healing process, and it's like Dr. Phil.
You have to throw all reason and logic out the window and just feel the groove this movie's laying down.
Lazarus and Rae may be looking for something as basic as redemption, but the road to get there is an unconventional one that drips with authenticity. They are full-blooded, fully realized characters the likes of which we do not see much these days.
For Black Snake Moan to work any sort of magic, it must be viewed as a blues riff on damaged souls and their desperate need for salvation.
The movie strolls right past absurdity into offensiveness, by trying to pass this pulp nonsense off as noble art.
This is the kind of movie that's best enjoyed as a stylized fantasy, much like Brewer's most obvious model, Elia Kazan's Southern-fried Tennessee Williams adaptation Baby Doll.
The characters never connect, and the movie never takes off. Rae may be the one sporting a padlock around her waist. But it's the movie that's shackled.
Black Snake Moan is a gorgeous, life-affirming movie. On paper, it sounds lurid bordering on ridiculous.
Moan slithers into some totally unexpected emotional territory by the time it all gets played out, and the film is peculiarly touching if you allow it to work its strange mojo on you.
Two things we now know about Craig Brewer's movies: They are completely ridiculous, and also compulsively watchable.
Humid and overwrought, with Ricci working at fever pitch and Jackson bringing fire, brimstone and some passable blues licks to the equation, Black Snake Moan is no polite little indie thing, and certainly no formulaic studio exercise.
Jackson and Ricci are terrific, deftly negotiating the film's shifting currents of the lurid and the spiritual. And the music cooks.
For a film touted as a lurid, blues-themed Southern Gothic melodrama evocative of William Faulkner at his most decadent, Craig Brewer's Black Snake Moan turns out to be a disappointingly tame and rather conventional morality play.
From the title to the steamy B-movie sex and the juke-joint environment, Black Snake Moan is a blues lyric come to mythic life. Some filmgoers will find it bizarre and over the top, but others may like its utter originality and daring eccentricity.
A movie that takes on sex, religion and race in the rural South. But the most enduring aspect of this film, written and directed by Craig Brewer, is its great compassion.
Black Snake Moan is a weird little story held together by two gobsmacking performances.
The movie snakes along with an earthy hiss, thanks to music, Jackson and Ricci's painful availability.
Black Snake Moan is a trip to that unfamiliar territory well worth tagging along on.
It's a steamy, searing saga of rigorous redemption confronting creepy Southern seediness. But it's not nearly the wake-up call it could have been.
It's an exploitation film fraught with faux-sincerity, and ultimately it's utterly ridiculous.
Despite its considerable unwholesome appeal, the movie gives us the feeling it has been chained up as well and that chain won't let it go any farther than a single outrageous idea.
While the film kicks off with a steamy shot of Ricci strutting down a country road in cowboy boots and hot pants short enough to shame Daisy Duke herself, Brewer's torrid tale turns out to be a surprisingly sweet fable about emotional redemption.
This is one of those ludicrous, semi-offensive, semi-entertaining potboilers that feels as if the script were dragged out from someone's naughty-book stash.
Moan offers that rare cinematic escape into another dimension. When the lights come up, make sure you know of a blues bar nearby. You're not gonna be ready for the ho-hum of the real world.
Because Black Snake Moan asks its characters to confront demons involving sin and sex, it stomps into an area that lives between exploitative movie trash and Southern Gothic literature. It's bold without being especially believable.
Strangely watchable , but ultimately less than satisfying.
Jackson's growling performance... and the sheer 'What the hell?' audacity of the story almost make Black Snake Moan a guilty pleasure.
Having established his characters and built their bond, having cooked up a sense of place so strong you can taste it, Brewer can't find anywhere in particular to go. Suddenly he brings a gun into the mix, then takes an awkward Dr. Phil turn.
An engorged melodrama meant to evoke the dark passions of country blues, Black Snake Moan often comes off like Britney Spears singing Skip James.
Black Snake Moan is a myth-and-reconciliation story with outlandish scenes meant to make you laugh, make you uncomfortable. Both.
A tale of emotion somewhat dubiously sold as exploitation. What sounds like an uncomfortable tale of skanky, racially charged sex is instead a weirdly wonderful story about spirituality and sexuality.
Black Snake Moan is thick with Tennessee sweat and grit and the sound of insects. And it takes an overwrought, steamy path to what at least feels like a moral cautionary tale.
Ricci has guts. Nonetheless, Black Snake Moan turned my stomach.
Any movie that can make Samuel L. Jackson convincing as a great Memphis bluesman must be doing something right.
The atmosphere is impeccable, Brewer provides enough back story for us to understand the two main characters, and the acting is fine.
Had the old black man and the young white chick gotten it on, I think some audiences might have exploded. Perhaps sensing this, Black Snake Moan backs off, giving us a neat and clean Hallmark card ending.
This one is a stunner, sure to send people out into the streets afterwards arguing in love-it-or-hate-it caterwauls bystanders will be able to hear halfway down the street.
...a film about healing through pain, the way the blues can heal.
A bravely irresponsible movie anchored to a visual metaphor so outlandish and powerful it seems destined for cinema immortality.
Welcome to the Lazarus Rehabilitation Center, where tarts become dear hearts since 2007...Mandinga to Maria--that's our motto.
Besides his record collection, Brewer has talents that shouldn't be underestimated.
I love the way that both Samuel Jackson and Christina Ricci take chances like this, and the way that Brewer creates characters of unbelievable forbearance.
In spite of Amelia Vincent's toothsome cinematography and the down-home locations, the movie often has the lumbering, literal-minded rhythms of a second-rate stage play -- not a moan or a howl, but a slow, anxious groan.
Wow, this movie is totally insane.
Do they give awards based on balls-out craziness? They should. This one would sweep that ceremony.
[Craig Brewer] proves he can control atmosphere with the best of them.
If nothing else, Brewer has come up with the perfect solution for dealing with the dozens of out-of-control teen actresses in the world.
C'mon, he has chained up a hot little girl wearing nothing but a cutoff t-shirt and white underpants! That's either a horror movie, a dark comedy or a porno, and Brewer is right to get the most comedy out of the situation you can.
[Brewer] takes fearsome advantage of the steaming sexuality and thick pulp on display, while underscoring it with a deep sense of intimacy.
If you hunger for something off the safe, mainstream path, let Moan bewitch you with its unusual healing process.
[Writer-director Craig Brewer] displays a real passion for the music and a knack for using it to create mood. But it's not enough to overcome the thinness of his characters or the greeting card sentiment that pulls the rug out from what came before.
The music in the film is terrific -- searing, gut-twisting wails of loss and despair...But The portrayal of Rae 's compulsive need for sex and of her always-perfect, always exposed little body is exploitive, more trashy than steamy.
...pure southern sexploitation cut with equal measures of humor and heart. Christina Ricci just about eats the screen alive.
The combination of blues music and exploitation-film visuals should be jarring, but for the most part Brewer manages to pull it off, with the music helping to tie everything together (or chain it all together).
The disturbing aspect of the film's sexuality provides exactly the frisson that the style never conveys.
For all the preposterous clichés of the plot, Black Snake Moan finds unchained energy in its foolishness, and gives Mr. Jackson a chance to pluck a guitar and sing.
Depriving a near-naked and recently assaulted stranger of the most basic physical liberty for days on end is a sick, perverse, and cruel thing to do. Black Snake Moan appears to be -- or, worse, pretends to be -- oblivious to that simple fact.
An absurdly jarring collection of archetypal characters in miserable circumstances with a resolution that feels forced and tacked on.
It may pull you into the tent with a promise of hoochie-koochie girls, but it delivers a rousing sermon on faith, hope and charity before it lets you back out again.
I saw something, but I'm not exactly sure what it was. One thing's likely: You've never seen a film like Black Snake Moan, and you won't see anything like it in the near future.
It's hard to know what to make of the thing, though it has a sleazy charm.
A cartoonish Baby Doll, with a suggestive blues song title, about sex, guilt and redemption. Black Snake is also a rather flimsy parable unable to support the weight of Brewers ambition.
Maybe Jackson should avoid any more movies with 'snake' in the title.
If writer/director Craig Brewer were a member of the X-Men, he would be called 'FirstActo,' and his mutant power would be creating dynamic openings to movies. His enemy would be consistency.
Black Snake Moan is an odd little number. It tries to be a lot of things at different times, but isn't particularly successful in any genre.
It's all outrageous and patently stereotypical but Brewer and the actors invest these representations with everything they have. It's great to see Jackson working hard here to create a character instead of simply Superflying a bunch of snakes on a plane.
Brewer's reworking of Southern mythologies can sometimes seem condescending, even though his affection for the region's culture is palpable. But there's no denying he knows how to spin a yarn and create vivid, indelible images.
Black Snake Moan plays its grim subject matter for laughs, imitating the laugh-to-keep-from-crying quality of the blues tunes on its soundtrack.
Writer-director Craig Brewer does several things very right in his follow-up to the overrated Hustle & Flow (which also boasted a dubious grasp of gender relations). But subtlety is not one of them, and neither is a lack of raging misogyny.
Cockeyed and raffishly amusing tale of redemption, spilling over with blues music and southern-fried sexism.
[N]owhere near as provocative as you think it's gonna be, as you've been led to believe it's gonna be... which is something of a disappointment.
Black Snake Moan strikes me as hogwash. It fundamentally does not work; its consciously far-fetched, out-there notions of the things damaged people do in the name of love are reductive and go only so far.
The picture may look pulpishly provocative, but while Brewer constantly confounded our expectations in Hustle & Flow, this time he barely ruffles our feathers once he establishes his outrageous dime-novel tone.
One day, when he outgrows his terminal adolescence, [director] Brewer might be the perfect filmmaker to tackle Faulkner or Tennessee Williams.
Black Snake Moan IS the blues--a spiritual journey in which love and pain are bound together tighter than a guitar string.
Daring, delusional and downright devilish, Black Snake Moan soaks in its molasses-driven melodrama with an unctuous confidence and biting creativity.
Writer-director Craig Brewer returns with another look at Southern discomfort deep-fried in a greasy pool of sex and song.
Will make some people uncomfortable, but for many others it will be a giddily guilty pleasure.
If the movie was really interested in Rae's struggle to be more than a self-loathing sex object, it would spend less time depicting her as one.
Craig Brewer skillfully evokes an atmosphere of lingering racial hostility in America's Bible Belt for Black Snake Moan, a cleverly scripted redemption story that defies genre and is filled with surprises both harrowing and pleasant.
A ragged, crusty old sock of a film, it has you rolling your eyes, shaking your head, gawking and giggling in all the right moments. And all the right moments are so, so wrong.
Whatever did the actors see in this pig slop?
Be prepared to collapse into a hoot and a howl of hilarity at all the wrong moments.
Preachy, schematic and numbingly predictable.
Watching Black Snake Moan may be the closest you'll ever come to seeing what the blues actually looks like.
The South isn't just in Craig Brewer's heart but underneath his fingernails as well.
This ridiculous story will have you moaning.
Love lost and found, faith lost and found -- Brewer takes these tried-and-true themes and breathes bold, fresh life into them.
Elicits a potent desire to sponge off the sleaze.
This is a bold follow-up to Hustle and Flow. Would that more filmmakers and actors took these kinds of risks.
For God's sake, don't be boring. Alas, after his camera has had its fill of ogling Rae, Brewer turns out to have nothing up his sleeve, nothing in his pants, only a little on his mind and none of it, amazingly, to do with race.
Vulgar and salacious. If this is what you like, this is the movie for you.
I loved the picture's tabloid energy and heart.
Brewer's hard-bitten drama isn't merely defiant; it spits fire at America's phony media-fed version of itself.
A hardcore exploitation flick that also happens to be the most impassioned spiritual parable in recent memory.
The film is sex and soul in equal measures; sensationalism and bad taste harnessed for noble purpose.
Oh lordy, when the music stops, this movie needs a respirator.
I thought this thing was so bizarre and so strange -- kudos to everybody for going all the way with it.
Brewer has a great affection for his characters and a good feel for the Tennessee slums and backwoods where he sets his stories. But he's also got a B-moviemaker's impertinence and love of button-pushing.
If blues is an exorcism (as Muddy Waters once said), Black Snake Moan is pretty much The Exorcist.
Brewer's follow-up to his 2005 Sundance hit Hustle & Flow is a semi-credible, overheated morality tale with touches of Southern Gothic about the salvation of a blues musician and a sex bomb, well played by Samuel Jackson and Christina Ricci.
Southern hospitality sees a whole new light in this pulpy romp.
A well-executed, handsome-looking film that runs perhaps 20 minutes longer than it should given its storyline.
The blues music in Moan is superfine, but my oh my, what to make of the ripe Southern cliches and this absurd story.
An ingenious and stylish entertainment, Pulp Fiction with a Southern accent and a heart of gold, driven by both love of the Lord and a certain affection for the other fella.
Filled with sly pleasures for those who can throttle their inner puritan to the floor long enough to find them.



@highlight

Uninhibited performances, skillful direction, and a killer blues soundtrack elevate Black Snake Moan beyond its outlandish premise.