It's preposterous and brutal but shamelessly mirthful, stylish and audacious. And Ah-nold? He's still got it.
The Last Stand is not a character study. It's not a dramatic masterpiece. It's a slam-bang action flick-and a good one.
It's a film of mythic incompetence, the most uproariously ill-conceived studio picture since Nicolas Cage's "Wicker Man" remake.
Christmas morning. Tiny puppies licking my face. A plate of crispy bacon. The embrace of a loved one. The last forty-five minutes of The Last Stand.
The weaponry is so ridiculously bountiful that the movie must be a defense against something. But it's just another lousy action movie. And for more than an hour, it's less than that.
There are echoes here of Howard Hawks' classic 1959 Western Rio Bravo, in which John Wayne played a similarly beleaguered sheriff trying to prevent a jailbreak with the aid of a bunch of misfits.
A throwback action movie that invokes 1980s nostalgia in all the right ways.
The Last Stand is a fast-paced, action-heavy throwback, shot with a fluid visual eye by Kim Jee-Woon. Arnold Schwarzenegger is back and better than ever.
As action movies go, it's okay. There are some good ideas underneath and an attempt develop them, but only an attempt. And though time has moved on, Schwarzenegger himself hasn't. As a hero's triumphal return goes, it's more of a whimper.
This is the kind of action film you've seen before done better, and while the technological aspects may be more polished than most, the theatrical experience still feels considerably small-screen.
Arnie lurches through the film with a kind of defiant dignity, his signature mixture of self-effacing humour and good ol' tough talk allowing us to buy into the kind of big-screen hero he made us fall in love with all those decades ago.
Director Jee-woon Kim (I Saw the Devil) knows how to fill up the screen, surround his megastar with economy-sized murders, car chases, billowing blood-clouds and goofiness.
The film, though underdeveloped, is rife with big guns, flippant one-liners, improbable battles, high-octane car chases and way too much testosterone - all the hallmarks of a classic Schwarzenegger film.
Schwarzenegger, now 65, hasn't lost his one amazing gift for being a movie's worst actor and best asset
...it's refreshing to watch a film that wants to be nothing more than a blood-soaked accompaniment to beer and pizza.
The gimmick of Schwarzenegger's return to cinema wears off quickly. A bland bullet riddled excuse for an action flick.
The Last Stand sees bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger return to the big screen following an eight-year term as Governor of California, because that is the reality we now occupy... A fun, dumb, enjoyable, dumb, mostly well performed, super dumb film.
Mindless, dumb fun as Arnie grunts a few one liners and tries to terminate an escaped drug lord who's in a fast car and heading for freedom.
Resembling more the 'Austrian Oak' with each passing year, Arnold Schwarzenegger still manages to make a big, bloody fist of the archetypal action-hero in Kim Jee-woon's The Last Stand.
Sensational action, bloody violence, goofy humour and Arnie as the small town Sheriff - it's all there, and the larger than life 65 year old Austrian superstar continues to fill every inch of the screen
Despite some graphic violence and even though it is really silly, this is an entertaining action film showing that Arnold Schwartzenegger has not lost any of his charm.
Surely the former governor of the state could have come across a better script for his return to the big screen in a starring role.
The movie's tongue in cheek humor will buy off most of the target audience. And Arnie? He's indestructible.
The Last Stand doesn't find [Schwarzenegger] in peak form, but it'll suffice as a sturdy exhibition of his talents.
The whole point is to cheer as guns are fired, cars are crashed and blood is shed -- not pausing to ponder what a guy with an Austrian accent is doing as sheriff of a Mexican border town in the first place.
Schwarzenegger can still hold the screen, but these days he grinds through his one-liners like a truck driver taking a steep hill ...
No, he doesn't demonstrate a lot of 'Terminator'-style moves.But, hey, he doesn't have to. Schwarzenegger, now in his mid-60s, just needs to tote some weapons, seek revenge and utter a few one-liners, which is exactly what he does in 'The Last Stand.'
If the sequences removed from Sommerton held a little more presence [...] I'd be less hesitant to call The Last Stand anything less than great.
The last stand? Poor Arnie looks as though he can barely stand.
Arnie stomps his way through a role in which every punch looks clumsy and every line of dialogue sounds like it has been learnt phonetically.
"The Last Stand" could be an old episode of "Gunsmoke," with its theme of the law versus the bad guys.
An entertaining, if not particularly longed for, return for the 65-year-old action icon.
The results are surprisingly good fun, popcorn-friendly, and awfully redolent of Rio Bravo. Fine by us. He's back, alright.
Korean filmmaker Kim played with the Western genre before in his wacky 2008 pastiche The Good the Bad the Weird, and this film is just as chaotically uneven, mixing cartoon-style silliness with grisly violence.
There isn't much of a story here, though it's great to see Arnold back where he belongs.
Satisfied customers may include undiscriminating action fans, Luis Guzman completists and Wayne LaPierre (one bad guy meets his reward when he trespasses on the property of a shotgun-toting granny).
As comebacks go, Schwarzenegger has chosen a really good vehicle with which to remind people of how he became so popular in the first place.
[U]nforgivably dumb and mindless... Korean director Kim Jee-woon shoots much of the film as if it were a sexytime autoporn advertisement...
If slick nostalgia is what you're after, The Last Stand is for you.
It's entertaining, if a little (a lot) silly.
It's good to see Arnie moving back to the kind of public service he does best.
An action star is (re)born.
A suitably lightweight comeback for Arnie, The Last Stand does just enough to please his legion of fans, and proves the action icon still has charisma to spare.
Korean film-maker Kim Jee-woon gives it plenty of directorial welly, and it's good to see a film with cop cars flying through the air.
Arnold is back as an action hero, and playing someone near his own age. Therefore the movie is more believable and thus more entertaining.
A zippier, zestier film than ... its own hackneyed premise suggests.
A creaky, lethargic and daft action thriller ...
Many things are blown up, in some style.
Entertaining, pleasingly old-school Arnie action thriller, enlivened by stylish direction, strong performances and some nice ideas.
Cool to see Arnold back. I just wish the movie was a little better.
Where the film could have been self-aware and a little cleverer for it, director Jee-woon Kim misses a trick by sticking to the action formula.
So this is what California governors do when they retire?
That Second Amendment sure kicks ass.
Frivolously entertaining for 107 completely forgettable minutes.
Less the unpredictable zeitgeist fans expect of innovative director Kim Ji-woon and more like the stunt action comedies of the 1970s and 80s The Last Stand is serviceable fun on the visceral level of those films.
Kindergarten Cop has been demoted to daycare ... Basically a spaghetti Western outfitted with assault rifles and rocket-launchers, 'Last Stand' should satisfy the Schwarzenegger faithful.
The result is diverting enough for a low-expectations Friday night, but the ingredients were in place for something more.
It's too bad "The Expendables" stole its thunder because "The Last Stand" is a good enough shoot-'em-up to have been a minor event. It's a modern Western with lots of action ... and no aspirations to anything higher ...
Arnold Schwarzenegger gets knocked down, and slowly gets back up again in a film that is a rental at best.
Kim Jee-woon's riff on the western is an entertaining frolic back-loaded with gore and guffaws. Arnie's back!
Get through the plot and you'll be rewarded with 30 minutes of whirligig mayhem.
Forget the disappointing Expendables outings, The Last Stand is the Arnie comeback we've all been waiting for.
Aside from the elaborate setup and the complicated escape plan, this is basically just 'High Noon' with a big shootout between the good guys and the bad guys on the main street of a small border town.
It's silly, and if you're not a fan of classic Arnold you might find this one to be pointless...but that's not me at all. Arnold is back, and his legion of fans won't be disappointed.
The fear is that this would be a farewell tour, but Arnold was so good in a film that knew exactly what it was, so I can get excited about more action films starring Arnold.
After watching Arnold Schwarzenegger's lukewarm performance, you'll hope that this bombastic exercise in gunplay is his last stand as an actor.
"How are you, Sheriff?" asks one citizen. "Old," replies Schwarzenegger. And on this evidence, a little tired too.
"The Last Stand" is pure throwback action genre - with car chases, explosions, enough firepower to arm a Third World nation and enough bloodshed to make Quentin Tarantino smile.
The Last Stand is a respectable American debut for Kim Je-Woon but I hope he doesn't get sucked into the Hollywood mill. He's far too good a filmmaker to make strictly formula films.
Not the most iconic choice for Schwarzenegger to announce that he's back, but not one that's completely prefab, either.
But you can't let yourself get hung up on, you know, *logic* and *facts* and *police procedures* and *why a guy named "Owens" is speaking in a guttural Austrian accent*
Just bold enough, brutal enough, and dumb enough to feel like a return to form.
a return to old-school, gritty action form for Schwarzenegger, having more in common with Commando, Red Heat and Raw Deal than with much of his filmography
Schwarzenegger's legacy deserves better than this, and so do his fans.
No, Schwarzenegger is unlikely to deliver an Oscar acceptance speech, but he and everyone else have their tongues firmly in cheek (that's not an Austrian thing).
Not since Cabin in the Woods has a film so deftly toyed with audience expectations, while giving them exactly what they want. The Last Stand is a rare breed of comeback picture, a decent action movie propped up by a subversive reverence for its star.
Cars go fast. Big guns make a lot of noise. Things blow up real good. Expect nothing more than that and a few passable quips for the price of admission
The Last Stand is a fun throwback to the days of formulaic but immensely entertaining Schwarzenegger-led films.
It harkens back to earlier films like Commando, when you could get away with being silly as long as it was fun.
Reminds me of Metallica in Some Kind of Monster, where they'd just kind of all play loud at the same time and occasionally stumble upon an okay-sounding bit that they'd then record. The Last Stand is kind of like the St. Anger of Arnold movies.
Schwarzenegger is older, and creakier, than we remember, but that's part of The Last Stand's folksy charm.
To mangle the old cliche, politics' loss is not cinema's gain.
A rollicking riff on "He's back!" kick-starts Arnold Schwarzenegger's first starring vehicle since serving as California governor. You'll be glad.
Schwarzenegger is back, and his timing couldn't be any worse. At a time when violence in movies is being scrutinized, Arnold arrives with a no-holds-barred shoot-em-up in "The Last Stand."
Director Jee-woon Kim (I Saw the Devil) handles the action sequences effectively if not spectacularly, though The Last Stand could have dispensed with the occasional attempts at sobriety and cut straight to the chase (or chases).
It's paced like an Asian crime drama rather than an American action movie. If it weren't for the fact that most people are paying to see an Arnold movie, that probably wouldn't be an issue.
For an A-list star like Arnold Schwarzenegger, The Last Stand is strictly B-grade filmmaking. As an action movie it's competent and routine, but as a comeback it's hardly memorable.
While Jee-woon has displayed a great deal of visual flair in his South Korean features, his work here proves disappointingly straightforward and impersonal.
Arguably, a future guilty pleasure.
An older Schwarzenegger is still ready for action: but are we?
Arnie's lawman vs. outlaw action tale gets pretty bloody.
The script is a mess, built on lazy clichés, stilted jokes and easy payoffs. What the movie does have, though, is enthusiasm.
Slapdash in its character portraits, the movie is slambang in its action scenes; it springs to life whenever it promises death.
To call "The Last Stand" gratuitously violent is to pay the movie a compliment. It's sort of the whole point.
Dig just a shade beneath the surface, trade in the text for the subtext, and a more interesting picture emerges - a little richer, sadder, almost poignant.
No, Arnold still can't act all that well, and may have in fact lost a step since his heyday, but the man is given the lines he needs and spits them out like an old pro.
[Kim] can't disguise the fact that Schwarzenegger, playing this seen-enough sheriff, doesn't so much look world-weary as simply tired.
[It] just seems to want to gin up a lot of high-fiving for a lot of shooting, and right now is the least palatable time I can think of for that.
It persistently tries to drag the audience down to its mindless level.
Arnold's back in a shoot'-em-up that celebrates America's second Constitutional Ammendment's right to bear arms.
'The Last Stand' has a few decent moments, but not enough to overcome its various problems, including a bevy of logistical issues. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
While it is entertaining and well-paced in that pre-Sandy Hook kind of way, it might be impossible to actually enjoy. And if you do enjoy the film, you might be ashamed to share this fact on your Facebook page.
The Last Stand is a first class ride. It doesn't reinvent the genre so much as reinvest it with much of the moxie it had in the first place.
He's not back yet.
The Last Stand isn't striving to be a significant artistic venture, and succeeds at that goal.
The movie passes muster as a nuts-and-bolts action film, though just barely sometimes and with no expectation of being anything more.
The Schwarzenegger character in The Last Stand seems more physically vulnerable and is more emotionally exposed.
Proceeds to interpret classic Westerns like High Noon and Rio Bravo in the vein of proudly cartoonish violence.
A perfectly serviceable Schwarzenegger action film... Schwarzenegger pretty much does what he has to do and we're willing to go along for the ride.
For sure, The Last Stand is no Terminator, but it is a fun, if predictable, action-thriller.
For a movie that advertises itself as a movie starring Arnold Swarzenegger, he sure spends a lot of time off-screen.
To call the ho-hum and inconsequential "The Last Stand" a B-movie is to give it too much credit; only on rare occasions does it deserve even a C.
Old faithful still has the steam to get it done.
The Last Stand is, primarily, an overlong and erratically-paced misfire that's simply not in the same league as Schwarzenegger's past efforts within the action genre.
An explosive throwback that will thrill action fans who love watching tough guys blow stuff up.
Lacks an identity of its own outside of being the movie Arnold Schwarzenegger makes a feature-length comeback in.
A legendary star back on his game. Clever humor. Hellacious setpieces. The smarts to not take things too seriously. When it comes to what you need for a clever, entertaining live-action "Looney Tunes" episode, ble, ble, ble, that's all, folks.
"The Last Stand" is the movie equivalent of an idiot who, to avoid scorn, starts acting like an even bigger idiot, so as to get in on the joke, too.
Sorry, big guy, but making small talk with the locals at the diner just isn't you.
Just like the escaped prisoner episode of "The Andy Griffith Show" where the state police think that the local law enforcement are a bunch of rubes, but with lots of guns.
By the end, even Schwarzenegger looks worn out. Maybe being governor wasn't such a hard job after all.
The movie isn't about eloquence, it's about giving Mr. Schwarzenegger a chance to take on new enemies that include advancing age.
"The Last Stand," Arnold Schwarzenegger's first star vehicle in more than a decade, is not a sci-fi film, though it does travel back in time.
"The Last Stand" may not herald a full-scale reemergence for Arnold the Action Star, but it's clearly a step in that direction.
The film is really a Howard Hawksian western where all that stands between a Mexican bandito and the border is a tough hombre sheriff.
Almost certainly, The Last Stand will not be Schwarzenegger's last. For better or for worse (and this is somewhere right in the middle), he is back.
The humor keeps it from becoming completely generic but there's still nothing of particular interest here.
An unpretentious, invigorating action flick that's extra-enjoyable whenever Arnold Schwarzenegger is on the screen demonstrating his flair for self-parody.
To call this a good movie is really a stretch; it's more like 38 percent of a good movie. But it probably has just enough dumb fun and pointless violence and car chases to seem like a highly viable option for large numbers of people this weekend.
Arnie is, as he likes to say, "back." And he keeps lumbering onward - thrashing and bashing about in a movie with an itty-bitty dino-sized brain.
Gags could be better, the casting stronger, and the thrills continuous, but Stand remains immensely enjoyable and occasionally freewheeling. At the very least, it's good to have Schwarzenegger back on the screen where he belongs.
This is what it is: Schwarzenegger & friends blasting away at the bad guys with wild abandon. There will be blood. There will be laughs. There is a hit movie on Schwarzenegger's comeback trail.
The film is cheerfully, irresistibly destructive -- an old-fashioned, Rio Bravo shoot-'em-up with the hicktown spirit of Tremors, though it isn't as good as either.
The hilarity is muted by the really excessive amount of violence. People don't just die in The Last Stand, they explode like blood bombs.
After serving as governor of California and being the key figure in a major scandal, Arnold Schwarzenegger shows a mature return to his peak action form after an absence of 10 years.
"The Last Stand" is such a false start, it could terminate Schwarzenegger's comeback before it begins.
It's bloody good.
A movie winking at its hero's age is only fun when we can root for an unlikely burst of energy without worrying about the big guy breathing too heavily to deliver his lines.
[It] does exactly what it should: It leaves us wanting more.
The Last Stand is fun. And that's enough.
Even by the big, loud standards of a big, loud Schwarzenegger movie, The Last Stand feels like a succession of pitches that never amount to a script.
There are filmgoers nostalgic for this sort of fascist/gun fetishist drivel. Not me. Give me "Seven Psychopaths" any day.
A satisfying if largely perfunctory action flick.
For a certain demographic looking to lose itself in a couple of hours of diverting (but not completely mindless) action, you could do worse.
I totally recall better Arnold Schwarzenegger movies than this, but I wouldn't say we got a raw deal either.
The Last Stand is a formulaic action flick, but it still delivers enough decent car stunts, shoot-outs and fistfights to warrant a look-see for Arnold fans.
Kim keeps things moving briskly and the members of the strong supporting cast don't seem to mind that they're playing flimsy types. Everyone's just here for a mindless good time.
The Last Stand's action scenes range from shoot outs to crazy car stunts to a daring escape in Las Vegas to a great fist fight, and every sequence is fun and engaging.
One of its most refreshing aspects is its acceptance of both western and action-film conventions on their own terms, refusing to regard itself as operating outside of or superior to the genre.
Arnold is, as he promised, back, and it turns out that is good news indeed.
What elevates this formulaic tale is Schwarzenegger, in a part specifically tailored for his comeback, and the fast-paced action pieces by the gifted Korean director.
The climactic half-hour offers lively gunplay and car chases as well as some amusing -- and amusingly violent -- moments.
Schwarzenegger, when he's not plowing his way through reams of semi-intelligible dialogue, proves he's still capable of firing off a few rounds and pulling broken glass out of his leg.
Arnold ain't all he used to be but still has a little punch left in this just passable violent action potboiler.
A credit to Kim Ji-woon and his collaborators... With the right audience of like-minded people THE LAST STAND could well be one of the most unabashedly fun experiences you'll have at a theatre this year.

@highlight

There's nothing particularly distinguished about it, but for Schwarzenegger fans The Last Stand provides perfectly undemanding entertainment.