In Cave of Forgotten Dreams, he seems to return for the first time with an actual chunk of the destination, carved out to be shared generously with the rest of the world.
I'd highly recommend Cave of Forgotten Dreams-it's interesting, informative, and it demonstrates perfectly just what a waste of time and money 3D is for every lame summer action movie that comes out.
Minor Herzog. Not until the final reel does it take flight the way his best pictures do.
Why shoot a documentary about cave paintings in 3D? Is Werner Herzog crazy? The answer to the second question has always been, "quite possibly," but the answer to the first becomes apparent the first time he trains his camera on the cave walls.
Even those who have found Herzog's work lacking in the past will have a hard time writing off Cave of Forgotten Dreams. It's a superb film.
Fascinating artworks by early man, sure, but they're let down by Herzog's long, rambling soliloquies about the history of homosapiens, albino crocodiles, and Baywatch... These sequences would have been right at home in a 45-minute IMAX film.
Another lovely stanza in the epic poem of humanity that Herzog has been writing for half a century.
Es indudable la capacidad del director por intentar, a través de la cámara, lo mismo que intentaron aquellos hombres y mujeres del Paleolítico unos 30.000 años atrás: comunicarse, expresar sentimientos y emociones, crear belleza.
... captures the space, the texture, the quality of color of these ghost-like paintings, like shadows of the past captured on the cave walls.
Confirmation, if any was needed, that culture and civilization existed 25,000 years ago and that we have gone downhill since the introduction of private property.
These images of what the world was increase my sense of awe at what the world is.
Werner Herzog's exploration of the miraculous Chauvel Cave comes with it evidence that human kind is indeed wired to believe in the hypnotic and poignant Cave of Forgotten Dreams.
Cave of Forgotten Dreams is one of Herzog's most memorable films. Its subject, the 32,000-year-old drawings on the wall of the Chauvet Cave in southern France, is so astonishing that even Herzog's amiable sidetracks can't destroy the wonder.
There is nothing gimmicky about Herzog's use of 3D in Cave of Forgotten Dreams. The depth of field afforded by the 3D format gives the viewer an uncanny spatial awareness of the site.
Herzog has used the 3D process with tremendous creativity to make this very beautiful film.
This is what 3-D was made for, puncturing the proscenium and taking us somewhere ''not yet offended''.
Making superb use of the 3-D, and marked by Werner Herzog's idiosyncratic sensibilities, this contains enough captivating moments to make it a must-see.
What is astonishing about the (32,000 year old) drawings discovered in the Chauvet Caves ... in southern France is that they look much like the drawings of competent contemporary art students
It's hard not to think of Han Solo's neck unnaturally shifting to dodge a CG bullet as French archaeologists gape in awe at the beautiful untouched works created by Homo sapiens past
To puzzle over these questions with Herzog makes for a singular and rapturous viewing experience.
This nature and art documentary by Werner Herzog delivers an astonishingly privileged look at a subterranean time capsule.
Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a 30,000-year leap of faith. Werner Herzog, after tiptoeing through the transforming cave, says, "Nothing is real. Nothing is certain." As an artist, he seems to like it that way.
...might have been a worthy film at 60 minutes long, but then it wouldn't have been a Herzog film. The difference is the difference between a film about art, and a film that is art.
What you see in the film is awe-inspiring.
It is our tour guide that makes Cave of Forgotten Dreams an often thrilling experience.
A hypnotic documentary that brings the incredible walls of the Chauvet Pont d'Arc cave to us as if we were standing 4 feet away from them.
The overall effect, aided by Ernst Reijseger's score of rising choral harmonies and lush strings, is rapturous.
A dazzling visual work.
With his deadpan delivery, heavy German accent and even heavier Germanic existentialism, Herzog has become one of the most welcome, preposterous and even funny figures in current cinema.
...the beauty of the pre-history artwork, available onscreen for want of any other alternative, is the wonder here, beyond film and ego.
What is cinema but shadows dancing on walls?
Art and history as seen through the eyes and mind of perhaps the most idiosyncratic filmmaker of all time.
They emerged with a film that is supposed to be an art documentary, but is really a kind of immersive fever dream and time machine.
Spectacular and absorbing,coinciding with the publication of Jean Auel's "The Land of Painted Caves."
We're lucky to have it.
Always the philosopher, Herzog is not content to simply document what is inside the cave. Rather, he uses the images as a launching point for a series of essentially unanswerable questions
A haunting, evocative work...the rare film about art that can be considered a serious work of art itself.
Herzog's glimpses of the future can be as otherworldly and singular as his perspective on the past.
We will likely never be able to see this amazing place in person. Thanks to Herzog for giving us the next best thing.
...equally intrigued by the prehistoric painters of yesteryear and those who study their work today.
Cave of Forgotten Dreams transcends all conventional applications of 3-D filming and projection to record the oldest show on earth.
[M]ay be the first absolutely essential 3D movie, one that you must see in 3D to appreciate its full potency...
strongest sequences occur while simply viewing the paintings without narration
In the end, the 3D is a distraction; I'd prefer more off-the-wall mini-profiles of odd characters, like the circus juggler turned palæontologist, to tracking shots of stalactites backed by a chanting soundtrack.
It's impossible to overstate the beauty of the Chauvet paintings: horses, rhinos, bison, and many other species flow around the curved walls of the caves...
Herzog's documentary on the wondrous Cave of Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc is a true dazzler in the dark.
The art on display in Cave of Forgotten Dreams is so jaw-droppingly beautiful that it can move a viewer to tears.
Herzog brings 3D to the art-house documentary crowd
When he stays quiet and we're privileged to spend time with these 30,000-year-old works, "Cave" is magical.
Herzog and cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger have documented a natural wonder of the world that most of us will never see in person but thanks to Cave of Forgotten Dreams now have the opportunity to experience in a manner that's almost as good.
Would have been better as a 30-minute special.
To call "Cave of Forgotten Dreams" a great movie isn't just an understatement, it's a wildly inaccurate way to describe an experience that, in its immersive sensory pleasures and climactic journey of discovery, more closely resembles an ecstatic trance.
This is something more than a movie; it's a testament - and re-creation - of rapture.
Art history lessons don't get much better: "Cave of Forgotten Dreams" presents the world's oldest paintings captured by one of film's great visionaries.
What we get from this film: a specific and personal sense that 32,000-year-old artists, with all their ideas and passions, were not, fundamentally, that different from us.
Everything we expect from a Herzog documentary...
A fascinating documentary that leverages Herzog's unique perspective on movies, art, mankind, and the natural world.
We're never going to be allowed in this place, so thanks, Werner, for inviting us along.
What we come to love about Herzog's documentary is Herzog's love itself.
Herzog was the perfect person to ask to make this movie.
It was the birth of the modern human soul, and cinematic explorer Werner Herzog's fantastic "Cave of Forgotten Dreams" is the delivery-room video.
The film is electrifying... Awkwardly expressed at moments, perhaps, but it's a touching and transporting movie, and I wouldn't give it away for anything.
Herzog has previously worked as a conjurer of elemental dread and awe, delving into man's relationship with what he views as the unforgiving harshness of the world. This film shows that same sense of questioning has existed for all of humankind.
If the movies are designed to transport us to inaccessible worlds you can't beat Cave Of Forgotten Dreams...
One of the finest uses of this new medium that I have seen.
Herzog's voiceover is, as always, more entertaining than most film soundtracks. The film has a touch of that gray fuzz which still afflicts 3-D, but the Chauvet cave is a perfect candidate for such technology, because it stashes its secrets in a recess.
The 3-D format helps to capture the holy sensations one must feel when entering such a place. Though after the camera looks through much of the caverns, the format loses its effect...
Herzog is reaching for ways to comprehend what he imagines to be the emblems of the birth of the modern soul.
While the handheld 3D did at times make me a little queasy, over all using this method to bring the Chauvet Cave to life adds another layer of detail the movie would not have achieved otherwise.
Calling Werner Herzog's latest film a documentary is both a misstatement and an understatement. Like Grizzly Man and Conversations at the End of the World, it filters its raw material through the prism of Herzog's...
The result is a journey to prehistory that's simultaneously wondrous and tedious, profound and completely nuts -- which is to say, quintessential Herzog.
Working with extremely limited lighting, Herzog not only gives a sense of the caves as a sinuous, tactile environment, but focuses on the movement suggested by the paintings.
Director Werner Herzog's latest cinematic mind trip blows you away with its beauty, though not necessarily due to its exquisite use of 3-D.
Herzog's greatest gift with the film is allowing us to be left to be alone with our own thoughts and emotions on these sights.
The unknowable or the mysteriously ambiguous in human behavior is what sets Mr. Herzog's synapses to firing with singular intensity.
If you're interested in the history of the human race -- if you're a member of the human race -- you owe it to yourself to see this movie.
The director is excellent at contextualizing these venerable wall paintings, at discussing them with a variety of scientists in a way that allows us to think about them with a perspective we otherwise might not have.
What a gift Werner Herzog offers with "Cave of Forgotten Dreams," an inside look at the astonishing Cave of Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc - and in 3-D too.
Cave of Forgotten Dreams would have made an excellent hour-long TV special. Padding it out to 90 minutes weakens its spell.
110-proof Herzogiana
Has much to recommend it: Herzog's half off-the-wall/half-profound queries, a delightfully unexpected coda on albino alligators, a single scene on ancient weapons that alone justifies the 3-D process, and the opportunity to see what so few have seen.
Doesn't bring 3-D to dazzling new heights. Instead, it uses this relatively new technology to burrow a little deeper, both literally and figuratively, into history - into the nature of mankind, even.
See this film. It takes you to a place you won't soon forget.
This is one of the few films to use the [3D] format for intellectual, even philosophical ends: the added depth parallels the deeper understanding of humanity that the paintings inspire.
Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a Herzogian masterpiece -- a ponderous and nauseating theme-park ride, but one that unfolds as a probing essay on the history of art.
To the degree that it's possible for us to walk behind Herzog into that cave, we do so.
Leave it to Werner Herzog to find a use for 3D technology that isn't part of some gimmick to hoodwink kids of all ages.
The German cinematic explorer Werner Herzog leads a 3-D tour of the Chauvet Cave which houses art that is 30,000 years old.
This truly intimate film invites viewers to commune as well and feel a profound living connection with fellow humans of 30,000 years ago.
A fascinating cinematic journey enhanced by terrific 3D.
Werner Herzog has such obvious enthusiasm for the discoveries he depicts in Cave of Forgotten Dreams, it's as if you're listening to a giddy little kid who learned the coolest thing at school today and can't wait to tell you all about it.
Too often, you feel the weight of a serious subject slackening the normally adroit Herzog.
Filtering the world's oldest paintings through the latest in cinematic technology, Werner Herzog delivers a one-of-a-kind art-history lesson.
One of the few justifiable recent excursions into 3-D.
Is any filmmaker more comfortable moving between the didactic and the lyrical, between quotidian facts and profound speculation?
A fascinating inside look at a misplaced piece of human history..You wish Herzog had been confined to the 42-minute time limit of an hour-long commercial TV presentation.
Cave of Forgotten Dreams is sometimes frozen by Herzog's awe. But it's hard not to love him for always trying to look beyond the surface of things, to find a common chord in the landscape of dreams.
In many ways, Cave of Forgotten Dreams perfectly embodies the identity that Werner Herzog v. 2000′s has chosen to take on.
[VIDEO] Entering the Chauvet Cave with Werner Herzog is analogous to going on a profound tour of art and history with a mad genius. A bounty of surprises await.
As with all of Herzog's nonfiction efforts, it's spellbound by the wonder of man's relationship to his surroundings.
Unique in showing us cave drawings that few modern human beings have ever seen, but you have to put up with Werner Herzog's pretentious narration.
It is a fascinating film, with contributions from various scientists who have studied and worked on the paintings during the brief annual periods when they're open for inspection.
[Conveys] the sheer strangeness of the perfectly preserved Palaeolithic artwork held within.
Herzog's latest documentary provides an extraordinary visual record (in 3D, no less) of a truly astonishing historical find but the film isn't nearly as fascinating once it leaves the caves.
Werner Herzog's latest documentary is scintillating. Sort of.
The spectacle is, in a very real sense, awesome. Of course, this being a Herzog documentary, narrated by the man himself in that otherwordly Teutonic voice, it has much to say on the nature of creation and the eternal struggle of mankind to understand.
The film is rich in stern awe and disciplined wonder.
A fascinating, idiosyncratic film that demands to be seen in 3-D.
There's nothing here that couldn't be covered adequately in 40 minutes. The other 50 minutes consist of director Werner Herzog's spiritual musings, which are uninteresting, verbose and not terribly coherent.
It could almost be a modern Brit horror, a film that takes us on an eerie descent into an ancient cave to discover something strange, awe-inspiring and scary ... Werner Herzog.
"It is as if the modern human soul awakened here," Herzog narrates in his hushed, insistent, sibylline tones. It is.
Genuinely awe-inspiring and one of Herzog's most startling and startlingly achieved visions.
Brilliantly employing 3D technology to accentuate the prehistoric artists' use of the undulating cave walls, he reveals this ancient equivalent to the Sistine Chapel in all its incredible, vivid glory.
For breathtaking sights and some genuinely innovative use of 3D, it's the best film of its kind since Jackass 3D.
Trust director Werner Herzog to take an off-beam route to realise his documentary about the 35,000-year-old wall paintings in France's Chauvet Cave.
Herzog notes, 'Time and space lose their meaning.' Inevitably bound by both, his film is as close to their beauty as we will ever get.
A typically quixotic documentary in which great unknown artists from 35,000 years ago collaborate with one in 2011. Profound, mysterious and utterly absorbing.
"Are we truly the crocodiles who look back into the abyss of time?" asks Herzog. Good question. And after thinking about the answer for a while, I'm gonna have to go with my gut instinct. "Eh?"
By the time the nuclear crocodiles have shown up you'll have long realised that nobody but Werner Herzog could have made Cave of Forgotten Dreams.
After the millionth lingering shot of a cave wall, you may be less enthused, but this is still a worthwhile trip.
Werner Herzog's 3D film brings the newest technology to the world's oldest artwork.
A bravura 3D exploration of human history.
Yet another intriguing docu from Werner Herzog, about an "obscure" subject, and one that justifies the use and fully realizes the 3D technology.
Truly the next best thing to actually being (in the cave)...The movie shouldn't be missed.
...sporadically interesting yet pervasively pointless...
A fine and often fascinating documentary from a master storyteller. (Lose the 3-D.)
A historic, invaluable film.
One of the best uses ever of 3D.
The art is beautiful, even stunningly accomplished, and these images are breathtaking -- unlike anything you've seen before or will see again.
Only Werner Herzog would have thought of applying 3D technology to ancient rock walls, and, furthermore, made them more beguiling than all the galaxy's giant blue felines.


@highlight

Hauntingly filmed and brimming with Herzog's infectious enthusiasm, Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a fascinating triumph.