You must go -- you must GO, even though I can't actually tell you why, because Pike and Affleck are excellent, perfectly cast as a pair of flinty, empty lovers at the centre of this flinty, empty anti-romcom.
An excellent mystery film that has a lot to say about identity, vengeance, chauvinism, justice, and emotions... [Full review in Spanish]
Gone Girl is an excellent reflection on marriage. Or better: an excellent denunciation of marriage. [Full review in Spanish]
David Fincher has directed a film that is both blatantly stupid yet consistently intense to watch because it uses implausibility to fuel its intriguing. crystal clear, overarching social commentary
And while nobody is going to call Gone Girl a commentary on modern marriage, like all good horror stories, it pokes and punctures familiar anxieties, providing a pleasurable lancing of the psychic boils that plague us.
I think it wants to be a scathing satire, but there's enough navel-gazing to take the edge off when the satire really needs to bite its hardest.
Gone Girl fails as a crime thriller in part because it is far too long - none of Fincher's major feature films have clocked in at less than two hours, and several run closer to three - but mostly because the distribution of its sympathies are so uneven.
Gone Girl is a rather funhouse version of this fateful couple's relationship that teeters on depravity, desperation and bitter irony in its every step.
The film is a piece of silliness, not powerful enough in the end to engender proper "disapproval": only wonder at its coarseness and perhaps mild dismay at its critical success.
With Gone Girl, it's nice to have a film that both plays to our passions and mocks them at the same time.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a more faithful screen adaptation of a novel than David Fincher's film Gone Girl, which was also written by the book's author, Gillian Flynn.
With her perplexing diction, throaty (albeit unreliable) narration, and openly smug face, Pike challenges the notion that a leading lady needs to be likable or redeemed in order for a fictional work to be successful.
After finally watching this ruthlessly constructed, exquisitely vicious depiction of all-out gender warfare, I would say that, yes, Gone Girl is anti-female. It's also anti-male. Hell, it's anti-human. That's where the fun comes in.
[A] chilling thriller which has enough twists and turns to keep you glued to your seat.
Do not miss this one.
It's hard to know for sure who's to blame -- Flynn adapted her novel herself -- but from the casting of the likable Affleck on, the movie loses much of the novel's attempt to balance its portrayals of Nick and Amy.
Not all the veers and neck-cranking developments pay off, but there's a lot to praise in the moody, fractious friction throughout and the enigmatic desolation in the pools of Pike's limpid blue eyes.
Fincher seems to thrive with this suburban backdrop, perhaps because it's the ultimate surface to pierce.
Gone Girl is all about manipulation -- Fincher's stock in trade, really, which helps make the film such cynical, mean-spirited fun.
In a sense, Fincher gives us a perversely perfect first date movie with Gone Girl. It's an in-depth examination of a long-term relationship that makes you wonder if it's possible to really know or trust anyone.
The story is good, the performances too, it's long but it's worth it.
Gone Girl has arrived, and it was worth the wait.
A new film by David Fincher is always an event... and he's done a slick job with this clever, unsettling story, helped along by an eerie music score from Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross.
Is Fincher himself sexist? No. I don't think so. Could Gone Girl appeal to and feed a growing tendency in society to justify the idea of women as threat? Absolutely.
Novelist Flynn nicely adapts her book to the screen, remaining predominately faithful to her source material.
The latest effort by director David Fincher to suss out the meaning of modern American life.
'Gone Girl' may come advertised as a thriller, but that's Fincher being a trickster-he's gone and made the curtest, nastiest, most acidic black comedy about the marital accord since 'The War of the Roses.'
A dark warning against the cost of domestic bliss, is perhaps a perfect date movie for happy or unhappy couples, since the film's extreme satire takes cover under the sharp, highly engaging narrative and storytelling heft.
Simply brilliant. Highly recommended! [Full review in Spanish]
It achieves a dour and plodding fidelity to the original plot, but crucially the distinction blurs between the two narrators' voices and the credibility of the characters takes a hit as a result.
In its dully paranoid revenge scenario in Main Street USA, Gone Girl consistently postures at being more clever than it actually is.
A crackerjack mystery that successively keeps the viewer wondering who's been killed, who's the killer, who's next, and oh yeah, has anyone been killed at all?
Instead of expounding on the exposed nerve of the book, Fincher's adaptation settles for mere abrasion.
It is a dark, twisted, psychologically beguiling offering, where deception, doubt and despair are the cornerstones. And it is skillfully interwoven with an identifiable sense of realism.
As a lucid and riveting who-dun-it black comedy, Gone Girl makes for one of Fincher's most purely entertaining films.
Gone Girl is one of Fincher's best.
The game of Team Amy versus Team Nick is the perfect reaction to a Fincher film. He's made our American horror show into good unclean fun for the whole family.
But for once, Mr. Fincher actually allows us something to ponder: the elements of perception and performance, both on screen and in our daily lives.
Unlike Denis Villeneuve's Prisoners, another missing persons movie that unearths its horrors with far greater feeling, Gone Girl lingers on the surface.
Gone Girl is easily one of the best thrillers to come out of Hollywood in years.
The most loathsome movie I've seen in the twenty-eight years I've been reviewing films.
A pulpy, sweaty and often insanely preposterous thriller. Gone Girl is a blast.
Very fine Fincher, and a thriller that was just filled with excellent twists.
Only David Fincher could tell the story of a missing woman, a murder mystery and a psychosexual thriller without making it feel forced.
"Gone Girl" is yet another awesome accomplishment by one of the best directors working today. The film excites and entertains with an ending that's surprising to say the least.
While there is a lot to like about David Fincher's "Gone Girl," including a great ensemble and excellent direction, the film suffers from a flawed structure that reveals too much too soon.
Clipping by at a speedy 145 minutes, Gone Girl suffers only slightly from a script heavy on the exposition and leading dialogue, because, ultimately, the writing is too damn good to dislike.
Suspense, social commentary, great performances and a seriously twisted outlook -- Gone Girl is one killer movie.
Fincher and Flynn have fun playing with both our expectations and our sympathies.
At another level, it is a straightforward thriller, but with a slow build of foreboding that Alfred Hitchcock would have admired.
It feels like you're eating at a Michelin three starred restaurant where the service is impeccable, the ambiance is immaculate but the chef forgot to season the food. Yet as an examination of the insidious nature of public discourse, it's remarkable.
It's a pitch-black satire of modern marriage and one of the most unsettling films of the year.
The premise is flat-out creepy. Make sure you're game for that before you see it.
Affleck makes for an effectively allusive protagonist, but the rest of the film is way too readily apparent.
While it examines seriously wicked material, Gone Girl pulls more laughs than any of Fincher's movie since Fight Club.
With the close-knit psychological ambiance of an early Roman Polanski film (particularly 1965's Repulsion) Fincher paints American middle class as a blood-curdling emotional danger zone.
As Fincher and Flynn peel away layers of their story, a feeling of dread grows; it's like pulling moldy leaves from an artichoke that is rotting from the inside out.
It's a testament to David Fincher's skill as a filmmaker that he makes something as complex as Gone Girl feel so effortless.
The performances all round are of a high calibre, with Pike impressively handling the burden of some very difficult scenes.
David Fincher brings depth and beauty to a supreme slice of genre-bending pulp fiction.
Gone Girl may begin a smart and promising mystery, but it ends a misogynistic wet dream.
Some may find it too outlandish, but it never fails to remain interesting.
This is a nutty film, and for the most part I mean that in a good way.
Couching its commentary in a propulsive pulp tale, it's a genre triumph at once scary, silly, and deceptively sly.
Gone Girl promises to be an unnerving portrait of marriage as ruin, but then it opts for madness and implausibility.
This is the perfect movie for David Fincher. The intentions of the characters, good or bad, are never judged -- Fincher never takes a side. The consequences are determined by what's presented, not what's honest or even fair.
Gone Girl is a greatly entertaining film that seems a likely candidate for multiple Oscar nominations, and it is Flynn's script that seems like a sure thing.
Pike, meanwhile, is a revelation, offering a performance so complex that saying anything more would ruin the entire film.
It's long at 145 minutes, but it needed space to accommodate its titillating mix of police procedural, whodunnit, social satire and psychological drama.
Affleck delivers what's easily his best performance, while Pike should become a household name, and Coon and Dickens will likely see their stars rise, as well.
If you're expecting another Seven or Zodiac or even The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, you're probably going to be left cold, but if you go where the story takes you, and you buy into the world in any fashion, I think you're going to have a wicked good time
Gone Girl is out of this world, a powerful reminder of what cool, crazy, dangerous, hugely entertaining things can happen when big studios let grownup filmmakers make movies for and about grownups.
The run time is 140 minutes, but Flynn and Fincher make it so engrossing, it zips along at breakneck pace.
What begins as a beguiling whodunit takes an abrupt, choke on your popcorn turn midway through and, believe it or not, the ride is just getting started.
The trick that Fincher pulls off is not to try to expand the canvas, but instead to focus so intensely on every aspect of the story that it elevates the whole.
This "trashy," "misogynist" popcorn movie based on a "supermarket best seller" is one of the gutsiest and most complex cinematic enterprises I've encountered in a while.
Gone Girl, for the most part, feels like an excellent thriller trapped within the confines of a bloated (and palpably plodding) drama...
Gone Girl is a dark and intelligent thriller that plays to Fincher's magnetising style, the two really are a match made in heaven.
Under the guidance of the remarkable David Fincher, this is one of those rare, elusive endeavors that contains nearly every important quality I cherish about moviemaking.
Gone Girl lives up to the hype.
Something close to a mechanically flawless thriller.
The spot-on casting carries over to the supporting cast: This thriller has the sort of lineup that will draw viewers to IMDb.com, possibly crashing its server.
It's undeniably entertaining to see a craftsman such as Fincher explore Flynn's thesis by way of rollicking popcorn cinema.
Their character hell is our luxuriant garden of human folly.
Deeply cynical, darkly funny, sometimes brutal, very powerful filmmaking that may make you a little queasy, but will almost certainly entertain you to no end.
A dark, disturbing walk down the aisle of matrimonial madness, and an unforgettable one at that.
This superior thriller arrives at a time when Hollywood mostly seems to have forgotten how to make 'em.
Over the top by design, Gone Girl is delightfully lurid without ever feeling exploitative.
gets completely under your skin, rattles your sense of what's right and wrong, and generally undercuts any kind of moral pretense we might bring into the theater
It's just unfortunate that it falls prey to gradually making each character a little bit dumber to progress the narrative.
There are many characters in this ensemble and the film provides much insight by looking at the situation through all of their eyes.
Thoroughly engrossing, even when it stops being logical.
The best, most satisfying mystery/psychological thriller in a long time. It also works as a wicked satire.
Fincher takes on a best-seller with lots of trashy-but-entertaining twists
At a sweetly punishing clip Gone Girl refracts... attitudes about the cupidity of human desire and the rapidity of the fall when attempts to ---- up another person ---- you up in turn... as dense as Kubrick's final valentine, Eyes Wide Shut.
Fincher's compositions offer the characters no exit; the widescreen keeps them in view, no matter how extreme their deceits and disguises.
The film's sense of savage, yet controlled, rage permeates director David Fincher's examination of a marriage that's gone so wrong.
There's no denying that it's an entertaining movie, made by a consummate filmmaker, though not, perhaps, quite as important as it would like to be.
It's increasingly difficult to craft a plausible and unpredictable thriller, but Gone Girl actually manages to keep us on our toes.
You chase excitedly, and willingly, through Fincher's labyrinth, and when you get to the center, you are not cheated of a monster.
Hey...the marriage in this movie is a lot better than many I've witnessed.
Fincher doesn't make bad movies and this is a very good one. Of his nine features, I'm going to put this on my list at number four, after Zodiac, The Social Network and Fight Club. That's good company, on one hell of a list.
Whatever its limitations, Gone Girl is the rare character-focused drama that can make audiences gasp audibly - and laugh, and cringe.
Compelling but dark, discomforting and cynical modern-day thriller.
A trashy, scattershot serial-drama-cum-media satire that's more agenda-based than character-based. One day we'll look back and chuckle at how seriously people took Gone Girl the same way we do now at Fatal Attraction.
An admirably-tense mystery from master director David Fincher.
A rather excellent potboiler full of dark revelations and unexpected twists. And, wow, those twists leave one gobsmacked.
In the end, 'Gone Girl' echoes what experience has taught, in that with marriage you think you are getting what you desire when in reality you are getting what you deserve.
There is some crazy stuff in this film, but it is better than most of the crap I've seen on the big screen this year.
At 149 minutes, the film never drags nor does its mood settle, slipping from classy narcissistic humour to exploitation-inflected thrills in an instant; mercurial, mystifying - and tantalisingly missing.
With the exceptional commercial pedigree of its source material, this is overwritten in all aspects--presumably for being crafted for the screen by a novelist determined not to compromise her work for the sake of the medium.
Is Gone Girl on the same level as Fincher's flawless masterpieces such as Seven, Fight Club, and The Social Network? Not quite, but it's damned close.
Those who have read the blockbuster novel may be disappointed to know that author Gillian Flynn hasn't changed anything in adapting it to the big screen, so there aren't any surprises along the way.
This is the most elegant, exquisitely made trash.
Fincher cleverly twists and turns throughout this mysterious maze.
An enjoyably slippery suspense thriller that tugs our sympathies this way and that while springing narrative twists and traps with stomach-lurching suddenness.
The latest must-see movie event from perpetual Hollywood wunderkind David Fincher, Gone Girl is 120 minutes of pure perfection. Unfortunately, the movie runs 145 minutes.
The film is a deceitful, lying partner, who can tell a good yarn and while we're not ready to believe all of it, we hang on for the ride anyway.
Good old crime pulp is essentially what Gone Girl is, unspooling like a two-part mini series and paced like a standard police/mystery procedural.
If Gone Girl's first half is a forensic dissection of a marriage that cuts like an autopsy, the second half sees the coroners cut loose, chucking guts around for fun.
Fincher uses the material's contrived plot and stabs at relationship commentary as a launching pad for a jet-black comedy that at its best approaches the japery of a Grand Guignol.
Fincher has designed a portrait of marriage as psychological warfare where ceasefires masquerade as happiness.
...one of sharpest dissections of a dysfunctional marriage since "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"
It remains a story out of control and flushed with insanity, much like the eponymous absentee.
Dark and tension-filled, it reflects the cinematic artistry of the entire cast and production team. I can already hear Oscar buzz.
It's hard to imagine anyone else capturing the essence of Gone Girl quite like David Fincher does.
Of all David Fincher's accomplishments as a director, he may pull off his most impressive feat of all in Gone Girl -- getting Tyler Perry nominated for an Oscar.
A galvanizing portrait of defective love that twists, turns, and unfurls until you don't know what to think anymore.
Gone Girl isn't as wicked as it should be or thinks it is. Fincher is becoming the go-to guy for middlebrow, beach-towel novel adaptations.
A devilishly good time. What it lacks in style, it makes up for in substance.
Fincher is as Fincher does. And what Fincher does better than almost anyone is create moody, meticulously crafted thrillers that straddle the divide between genre and art.
A magnificently unsettling thriller that will shock and engage viewers from its opening moment to its final powerful shot.
For a slice of disposable fiction done with an expert hand, Gone Girl is quite entertaining.
Some suspense builds to a point but collapses into improbable silliness piled on top of impossible silliness.
Flawless, tough as nails and Oscar-bound, 'Gone Girl' is a thriller that never disappoints. With twists and turns as complex as DNA strands, this is one of the best movies of the year ... and, no, it's not too early to say that.
Perry, Patrick Harris and others all join Affleck and Pike with tremendous performances. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross once again create the perfect score to accompany Fincher's mood.
It's entertaining ... but it has the form, not to mention the running time, of a much deeper, more nuanced film.
Gone Girl is a sick movie, but it's a lumbering, anti-imaginative kind of sick.
Is it really so hard, Hollywood? So hard to make a well-directed, well-acted flick that keeps audiences enthralled? In a year when movies have failed to live up to the hype, Gone Girl makes it look easy.
A terrific multi-layered thriller that is sure to be ranked near the top of the list for best films of the year.
Fincher keeps the pace lively and finds the right balance between provocative and playful, right down to an ending that leaves you stunned.
Gone Girl is a layered film experience that can be appreciated on multiple levels - with an intriguing central mystery, rounded characters, and sharp social commentary.
One of the smartest, most precisely observed portraits of a relationship to hit the screen in the last decade, and also one of the best whodunnits.
It's Rosamund Pike who's the breakout star of this adaptation of screenwriter Gillian Flynn's best-selling book.
Gone Girl is an entertaining film in a category that is woefully missing in most movie theaters nowadays - storytelling.
Gone Girl jumps right into the thick of the gender gap at a time when women's rights are in the news every day.
Violent, layered adaptation is dark but thrilling.
an elegantly rendered, yet lurid potboiler of a movie.
In the film's final stages [Fincher] seems to be relying entirely on craft - but, boy, is it effective craft.
A masterfully crafted brew of mind-bending misdirection, outright lies, psychotic scheming, and detailed criminal procedural that will keep you guessing right up until the end.
However readers may have seen the story in their minds - the unshaven and rumpled Affleck is about a decade older than I imagined, but effectively seedy - Fincher crafts its scenes of a broken marriage into a convincing mosaic.
An engrossing, intricately plotted, superbly crafted shock drama of the highest order.
Factoring in the high potential, it's the worst film I've seen this year.
I had a great time watching it.
The film's stabs at social commentary -- the constant barrage of tabloid TV coverage -- are crushingly obvious.
Gone Girl lives up to its promise as the year's "event" movie for fanboys and fangirls who prefer book clubs to comic-book stores.
The cast is uniformly perfect.
It's the stuff of mass-produced pulp novels and National Enquirer covers. But in Fincher's surgical grip, Gone Girl becomes more than a simple screen trip through Flynn's prose.
The tone and pacing are all over the place, and Gone Girl struggles to build a world with its own, immersive logic, sense of incident, and robust sources of energy.
Fincher proves himself to be the ideal director to turn this intricately plotted, misanthropic best-seller into a disturbing, yet undeniably entertaining movie.
Once you release the movie from the demand that it be significant, there are a number of achievements.
...good story...good movie, but not as good as the book and marred by a changed ending and miscasting of Neil Patrick Harris, despite fine performances by the rest of the cast.
Gillian Flynn's twisty novel Gone Girl was a movie waiting to happen, practically smelling of popcorn with each compulsively turned page. It's less of a whodunit than a whodunwhat, easier to spoil than egg salad at a picnic, so we'll tread lightly.
Clocking in at almost 150 minutes, there's a lot of story to tell here and the supporting cast all hand in strong performances.
If you read Gone Girl 100 percent at face value, the Hollywood slick way, it's a story that's intensely entertaining, but it's also a bit like one side of the gender debate's wet dream
A satisfying cat and mouse thriller that also serves as a clinical dissection of the games we play, the images we present to the world and the gap between carefully constructed fantasy and a complex, fallible reality.
Mostly a very clever and always watchable whodunit.
Gone Girl grabs you by making you first believe one thing, then another, quite the opposite. It's that woman! No, it's that man!
A hugely entertaining piece of pulp-noir film-making from reigning Prince of Darkness Fincher.
Maybe Flynn and Fincher are trying to stir up the sort of debate that swam around screenings of Fatal Attraction. This is a dangerous sort of game. Approach with caution (but do approach).
It's sick fun that leaves a scar; popcorn entertainment that bites back. Dig in.
Gillian Flynn proves you can adapt your own novel for the screen and succeed. Terrific performances by Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike and Carrie Coon.
Fans of Flynn's 2012 novel will not be one tiny bit disappointed.
Once the chaotic adult-fairy-tale elements override Fincher's otherwise meticulous style, one suspects this tawdry tale of marital fury signifies nothing more than a nihilistic view of heterosexual marriage.
145 minutes of riveting drama and surprises.
Sit back and enjoy the creep show.
Gone Girl presents a deft mix of whodunit and who-you-gonna-believe?
A perfect fit for a smirker like Ben Affleck. Sincerity is a bit outside his range, and a little emotional disengagement fits him like a smart suit.
David Fincher's thriller is about the monster sleeping in the bed next to you -- but also about the monster you didn't even realize you were.
a smart, modern thriller with enough quirks and eccentricities to remind you of how satisfying a film made by a true visionary can be
As a puzzler, it leaves much to be desired, with Fincher often too busy doing white-gloved finger-wipe inspections on the corners of the frame to pay much attention to the nail-munching aspects of Flynn's winding work.
It's not an easy task to make a decent mystery/thriller --- let alone one that was such a widely-read, popular book. But Fincher, Flynn and the rest of the crew were definitely geared up for the project --- with a formidable end result.
"Gone Girl" is a terrific psychological thriller with great performances all around. Affleck shares the spotlight with an astonishing turn by Pike, one that should make her a household name.
A laborious Dateline ID episode with a ridiculously disappointing ending.
Early favorite for most disappointing Oscar-bait film of 2014.
A worthy twisted and twisting whodunnit. Few novelists adopting their work to the screen understand the nuances of movie storytelling. Gillian Flynn does.
The movie may not be everything that Flynn's readers had hoped, but it could be more than the most skeptical among them expected.
"Gone Girl" is an absolutely delicious mystery, one that parcels out revelations and surprises at just the right moments. But it's also a movie about the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves.
Delicious junk food for your soul.
...a trashy guilty pleasure that's sometimes sexy and hints at complex satire winking wickedly at today's social media infused cult of celebrity.
Gone Girl is so expertly crafted that its 150-minute running time flies by - this story is worth every tightly-wound second.
Ingeniously clever, fiendishly crafted and full of surprises you won't see coming, it's endlessly entertaining and emerges as an Oscar frontrunner.
An essential movie of its moment.
While this movie clearly won't be for all viewers -- and certainly isn't suitable for kids except maybe the oldest of teenagers -- it's one of the best offerings of 2014, at least so far. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
the prototypical human-hating hipster model of too-smart, too-cool meta-cinema.
... a pulp classic, a rare thing in modern cinema.
In this studio Garden of Eden the doom shadows are laid on with a paint roller and the snakes and apples are straight from the props cupboard.
Director David Fincher lands a tone for Gone Girl that's broad and precise enough to encourage a series of witty performances within the thriller framework.
It is entertaining but long, and though the acting is solid, it isn't as sharp or as smart as it wants to be.
Glossy, empty and ultimately unsatisfying - if undeniably entertaining ...
"Gone Girl" is art and entertainment, a thriller and an issue, and an eerily assured audience picture.
I hated watching these people but couldn't take my eyes off the screen. They're so crazy bad that the movie becomes crazy good. Just not so luridly great.
It's all very frightening, all too provocative, and all one mess of a good time.
Superb performances by everyone and Fincher keeps the energy taut and the tone deliciously nasty.
Most of the heavy lifting is reserved for Affleck and Pike. They're terrific, together and apart, and they'll run you through a decathlon of emotions as they peel back the layers of Nick and Amy.
Rosamund Pike's groundbreaking performance is insanely good. Gone Girl is a bleak, wicked, and gripping thriller strung together by a marvelous story driven by a lust for admiration.
It's stirring on a gut level, but the constant barrage of extremes also grows tiring -- even a little tiresome.
Flynn's great accomplishment, in her book and here, is an unstinting dedication to plot mechanics that jar our balance.
Gone Girl thrives on enigma, and the leads embody that quality to wonderful effect.
Anybody interested in a complicated, psychologically disturbing thriller will find what they seek.
A brilliantly directed and well-acted psychological thriller.
Gillian Flynn's playful novel is now David Fincher's chilling movie. Still packed with twists and turns, but the overall effect is unsettling.
Unrelentingly tough, 'Gone Girl' is also superior storytelling from a highly talented filmmaker.
Even knowing what's ahead doesn't prepare you for the movie's tone, which is funny yet curdled and cynical and bleak.
It's the kind of film we hoped David Fincher might make with Dragon Tattoo; a satisfying, ironic, and sophisticated thriller. Go see.
David Fincher's box-cutter autopsy of a marriage which is forcibly dismantled and then forcibly reforged in the cobalt blue flames of ignominy, arrogance and deception. So, so much deception.
The brilliance of Gone Girl cannot be overstated, nor can it really be elucidated without diluting its many, many pleasures.
The best thriller of the year. And then some.
Sharp, sadistic and sensational.
Amy may be missing but it would be accurate in this instance to say that Fincher is, too. He's a real gone guy.
If you loved the book, you probably will love this, but honestly? It's not that good.
Gillian Flynn's twist-laden mystery novel gets a somber, respectful screen treatment from David Fincher, which has the unfortunate effect of diminishing the book's diabolical fun and heightening its dull misanthropy.
Fincher proves himself yet again to be a better cinematic psychologist of (in-)human nature than almost any other director alive.
Gone Girl is the thriller of the year, a master-class in pacing and tension from one of the great American directors.
One of the best films that will be released in 2014.
Amy is the most challenging and crucial character to capture, and Pike is simply brilliant in a role that has all the potential to become both career defining and life altering.
An absorbingly chilling picture of domestic discontent.
An entertaining movie with an intriguingly intricate plot, but it's really nothing more than a slick, well-manufactured potboiler that ends up more as an expression of the culture it depicts rather than serious commentary, or satire, on it.
A deliciously manipulative mystery that toys with the viewer like a femme fatale with her prey.
David Fincher's Gone Girl takes a big beach read about a troubled marriage and turns it into a suspenseful screen indictment of modern times.
The spirits of Highsmith and Hitchcock hover over this outrageous pulp suspense-thriller from David Fincher, episodically structured around twists and counter-twists, like an addictive boxset of a TV drama.
Maybe in 50 years "Gone Girl" will be revered the way "Vertigo" is today.
Ultimately what makes "Gone Girl" so watchable is the three-headed monster of Fincher, Pike and Affleck.
"Gone Girl" is suspenseful and entertaining -- its 2-1/2-hour running time breezes by -- but what sticks out on first viewing is how perfectly Fincher has cast it.
"Gone Girl" may get the job done as a dutiful, deliberately paced procedural, but it never quite makes the splash it could have as a thoughtful, timely and thoroughly bracing plunge.
Gone Girl is a devilish mystery and star-making performance for Rosamund Pike.
It's a cheeseburger treated like a filet and it's a film that'll stick with you thanks to clever sleight of hand and a few moments that beg for a revisit.
"Gone Girl" has more contempt for Nancy Grace and all she represents than it does for murder or infidelity- and you know what? I'm good with that.
For fans of the book and of David Fincher's previous films, "Gone Girl" is a must-see. It's also cheaper than couple's counseling.
Unfortunately, and more to the point than the film's presentation of unseemly personalities, Gone Girl elevates narrative propulsion over character insight; however (some viewers might simply say "and"), it offers a whipping ride.
Gone Girl isn't a movie about marriage or relationships or men and women, but about the way people assume established, familiar archetypes to please, manipulate, and entrap one another.
It's dark, it's creepy and it's very good - both on the page, and on the screen.
It's a messy story told in a calculated way, with precision as ruthless as the diabolical plan it depicts.
Once again, Fincher is dressing up trash as serious art, wanting to have his cake and eat it too. And frankly, we wouldn't take it any other way.
An absorbing crime tale that works whether you know the twists or not.
This is not a 'meaningful' movie, it is a lark that takes itself too seriously, and under the assured direction of David Fincher, it's way more fun that way.
A viper's nest of unreliable narrators.
The characters sound like people trying to sound like people in the movies and not quite pulling it off.
Gone Girl is to marriage what Fatal Attraction was to infidelity.
Fincher's adaptation bears all of the filmmaker's trademark precision, his impeccable ability to conjure dread in the most seemingly benign locales of the Show Me State heightened by the terror-drone composed by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross.
It's one of those rare films that actually gets more fun to watch the longer it goes on.
Preposterous, illogical, senselessly over-plotted and artificial as a ceramic artichoke ... one of the year's grossest disappointments.
Long story short: The movie absolutely lives up to the hype.
It's only towards the end that you become aware of the improbability of the whole, but by then it's too late, you've been hooked.
David Fincher is a remarkably good director.
It's a wild ride, made no less thrilling by the knowledge that it ends in a horrific crash, from which no one walks away unscathed.
It's Pike whom audiences will be talking about and arguing about long after they've screened the film. She seizes hold of Flynn's conception of a woman slowly losing control over her own narrative with gusto, and Fincher reacts splendidly.
Fincher's chief delight seems to be in playing with genre conventions: what looks like an especially moody whodunit morphs first into a psychosexual thriller and then into what might just be straight-faced satire.
You could call this vision misogynistic, and you wouldn't be wrong, but you'd be far more accurate if you simply called it ludicrous.
Thankfully, its true to the book. Fincher faithfully captures the cruel dynamics of a ruined marriage. If only we saw why these two people hated each other.
Gone Girl is a high-quality mainstream crowd-pleaser in the best possible sense of the phrase.
"Gone Girl" is nothing if not absorbing, beginning as a sort of investigative procedural before corkscrewing halfway through to become something else entirely.
Entertaining. But one of Fincher's very best? Not by a Missouri mile
As rewarding as a film as it was as a book. In both cases, you walk away feeling gut-punched by a story that manages to save a couple of surprises for the end.
It's everything the book was and more - more, certainly, in its sinister, brackish atmosphere dominated by mustard-yellow fluorescence, designed to make you squint, recoil and then lean in a little closer.
Pike is a revelation. The actress ... demonstrates versatility with compelling eyes that can instantly switch from innocent to detached. Oscar consideration is certainly a possibility for her.
Gone Girl is a warning to phony couples, and it's presented in an entertaining package. If you think you can fix someone, if you think you can make someone else happy, you will get Gone Girled.
We're regularly advised that marriage is work, but the work should not be as hard as that faced by one couple in a riveting movie adapted by the novelist and directed by David Fincher.
Gone Girl is a brilliantly directed, thrillingly nasty piece of psychologically-riveting pulp that promises to be one of the year's biggest water-cooler hits.
In a movie of subtle tones and wild swerves, Pike expertly mixes a cocktail of hot and cold blood. She is the Amazing Amy you could fall for, till death do you part.
Gone Girl features Fincher working near the top of his game, crafting exquisite, chilly, below-the-line production work as he solicits career-best performances from his handsomely put-upon leads.
Smartly shot, detailed, and performed, it's a designer-made studio film that dares to be about big, difficult stuff.
Cunning as a raptor and nearly as fast, Gone Girl is an anesthetic-free dissection of human nature.
Even if you have read the book and know what happens in Gone Girl, you're still in for a treat watching the movie. And if you haven't read it and don't know what happens, well then you're definitely in for a treat.
In good times and bad, in sickness and in health, Gone Girl is delicious suburban noir.
I don't know about Nick and Amy, but the creative marriage of David Fincher and Gillian Flynn is dandy, delivering a juicy movie that's damned entertaining.
It's a work of chilly wit and bleak metaphor, an artifice that invites the kind of analytical response where we pull on our chins and discuss how other people, more naive than we, will receive it.
If the production is slightly too atmospheric, the performances are bracingly specific, led by Affleck, whose task is complex.
Something is amiss in Gone Girl.
Traz Affleck e Pike em performances que são apostas quase garantidas em premiações no fim do ano.
David Fincher's Gone Girl is an absolute masterpiece; a uniquely American rumination on marriage and modern society and one of the very best, most thrilling experiences you'll have going to the movies this year.
Gone Girl is Fincher at his wittiest and seedy in its chronicle of a marriage that bears unexpected, rotten fruit which a scandal hungry country devours with glee.
Gone Girl is a rare bird: a tricky, weird mystery that benefits from people knowing its twist from the outset.
Ruins itself as even high-toned cinematic junk food when its justifiable cynicism morphs into something manipulative and dangerously disingenuous.
As entertainingly gripping as it is smartly disturbing and scathingly satirical.
Even those who have read Gillian Flynn's novel can expect to be surprised by the jolts and jumps in David Fincher's take on events.
Oh yes, it's very much by the book. But when the book is a brilliantly crafted page turner, that's a good thing.
Casting Affleck as Nick is a master stroke, and Affleck gives one of his smartest, most nuanced performances in the role.
There hasn't been a soignée blonde so flat-out hate-able since Gwyneth bitched about the burdens of motherhood. Welcome to the A-list, Gone Girl star Rosamund Pike!
Why doesn't the movie claw us as "The Social Network" did? Who could have predicted that a film about murder, betrayal, and deception would be less exciting than a film about a Web site?
My overriding sense about Gone Girl is that director David Fincher wanted to make a flawless murder thriller in which the audience loyalty and association with the key characters was pushed and pulled unmercifully for maximum impact. He succeeds
As far as adaptations go, this is one of the best, Gillian Flynn's screenplay perfectly capturing the tone of her sensational novel, in which we witness a dark portrait of a marriage. It's disturbingly good
For those who expect cinematic mastery from everything David Fincher does, this doesn't seem like anything special compared to his high watermarks.
Stylish, twisted and daring, Gone Girl is a David Fincher date movie: dark, smart and dangerous. If it doesn't deliver in its finale, its twist, turns and commitment to moral repugnance will leave you reeling.
Believe me, you should see the movie, and then you can talk about it all night. And you probably will.
Deliciously dark and utterly gripping, this tightly-coiled teaser delivers disturbing answers to some very awkward questions.
Where the book was better in its first half and more of a trashy twist-a-thon in its second, the film, directed by David Fincher, actually gets better once it gets trashy.
Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike deliver a masterclass in duplicity in their deft manipulation of the Dunnes' complex lives and rising resentments.
There's a comic streak to the film that suggests David Fincher may understand the material as trash, but it's the kind of affectation that only reinforces, rather than dulls, its insults.
Intelligently structured by novelist Flynn herself, the film features a mannered turn by Academy Award winner Ben Affleck while the absolute success of the picture is indebted to the lavish and grandiose performance of Rosamund Pike.
Somehow, Fincher imposes coherence and clarity on a complex and messy storyline.
"Gone Girl" shows the remarkable things that can happen when filmmaker and material are this well matched.
[Pike is] a star presence here from her very first scene; it's even rewarding, given her expressive voice, to hear her reading from Amy's diary entries.
[Gone Girl] is something of a marvel, a disturbing, one-of-a-kind creature as confoundingly dangerous as a poisonous snake equipped at either end with a head, forked tongue and fangs.
A break-all-the-windows plot-twister that keeps every jolt and (most of) the cultural jabs from Gillian Flynn's blockbuster novel.
"Gone Girl" starts off investigating Nick, turns to make more queries about Amy, and leaves you questioning both of them, and watching Fincher turn that narrative upside down and back again is pretty exciting to witness.
David Fincher's shockingly good film version of Gone Girl is the date-night movie of the decade for couples who dream of destroying one another. Expect a stampede at the box office.
Floating through the narrative like a ghost, [Pike] embodies the aloofness that is both the film's strength and its weakness.
As sometimes happens in Mr. Fincher's work, dread descends like winter shadows, darkening the movie's tone and visuals until it's snuffed out all the light, air and nuance.
[A] gripping psychological thriller.
The movie, while entertaining and extremely well crafted, is too self-conscious about its depravity to be either truly disturbing or disturbingly funny. Ticking along with metronome-like efficiency, it's more slick than sick.
The end result is a movie that's closer to his stylish but hollow The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo than with his more virtuoso work like Fight Club.
Doesn't have the heft of Zodiac or the verve of Se7en but Gone Girl is a masterful adaptation and a superior crime-thriller.
Anyone who loved Gone Girl the book will walk out of Gone Girl the movie with a sick grin on their face.
It'll have you wondering why Fincher went even further down the Barnes & Noble rabbit hole than he did in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
The stealthiest comedy since American Psycho.
Gone Girl, finally, may be no more than a storm in a teacup. But what an elegant, bone-china teacup this is. And what a fearsome force-10 gale we have brewing inside.
The movie is phenomenally gripping-although it does leave you queasy, uncertain what to take away on the subject of men, women, marriage, and the possibility of intimacy from the example of such prodigiously messed-up people.
Director David Fincher and stars Rosamund Pike and Ben Affleck are at the top of their game in this mesmerizing adaptation of Gillian Flynn's novel.
A sharply made, perfectly cast and unfailingly absorbing melodrama.
Above all, it's is a delicious exercise in audience-baiting: what begins as a he-said, she-said story of mounting, murderous suspense, lurches at its fulcrum into the kind of hot mess Brian De Palma might have cooked up 20 years ago in his attic.
There are moments in this film that will make your jaw drop in shock and horror.
"Gone Girl" will earn plenty of loud shouts of applause, awed sounds of surprise, and shocked laughter, but what makes it worthy of them is all the hushed, uneasy conversations it's guaranteed to inspire in the long, unsettled silence to come after.
Gone Girl simultaneously evolves as a mordant satire of the mediating of domestic violence as mass entertainment.

@highlight

Dark, intelligent, and stylish to a fault, Gone Girl plays to director David Fincher's sick strengths while bringing the best out of stars Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike.