Though the movie at times flowed like a soap opera with its dramatic turns and pregnant pauses, it kept your attention.
Whatever its other sins, the movie cannot be accused of wanting for ambition or scope.
Exactly the kind of preachy, pandering, tone-shifting, gospel-laced soap opera that [Perry has] served up time and time again to his dedicated audience.
I appreciate what Perry is trying to do with his films, and it's nice to see an urban film that isn't a "Gangsta Picture", but he needs to tone down the soap opera qualities and let his stories unfold naturally.
(Tyler) Perry, a cinematic one-man band who wrote the script, produces, directs and plays the role of a decent husband and construction worker, is still growing as a filmmaker.
To call The Family That Preys a transitional effort would be accurate and fair
It has Tyler Perry's trademark trio: sincerity, spirituality, and story. And if he passes on that other "s" -- subtlety -- that's all right.
This snail-paced film might as well take place in the 1950s, since it seems to have been inspired by one those Hollywood melodramas in which one company employs the entire town, and the only places free of corruption are the church and the local diner.
A simple tale of good versus evil that also delivers solid acting and an enjoyable script
The closest Perry has come to making something that looks like it belongs on a movie screen and not on a TV set or on the wall of a church basement.
Well, GOod for Ty,ler Perry. He has invented his own genre of movie.
Perry may not be dealing with race issues, but he still writes everything in black-and-white.
When he's not distracted trying to accessorize dresses, Tyler Perry can write a decent enough soap opera.
If all Tyler Perry did with The Family That Preys was give Alfre Woodard a good part, that would be enough to make the movie worth seeing. But he does more.
While it's wonderful to see actresses as shamefully underemployed as Woodard and Bates on the big screen, even they can't make sense of [these] incoherent characters.
The Family that Preys shows grand advances in the filmmaking education of playwright-turned-filmmaker Tyler Perry. It's also his soapiest film yet, an overwrought melodrama of sibling rivalry, infidelity, family business power plays and terminal illness.
To say that the plot is laboriously constructed is an understatement. The first hour is interminable, filled with dead air that suggests Perry the director was asleep at the switch.
By far the best thing about the enterprise is Woodard. If she's not in this thing, I think it goes kaput.
The film takes off when Woodard's and Bates' characters go on a Thelma & Louise-style road trip.
The movie plays almost exactly like four daily soap episodes stitched together.
As usual, the villains are very bad, and the good guys are very noble -- until they get mad and clock their wives.
It's hard to resist the movie's mixture of soap opera, humor and heart-filled homilies.
The suds that cascade through Tyler Perry's The Family That Preys more than equal the cubic footage from nighttime soaps like Dallas, Dynasty and their offspring.
This mix of lovingly-written characters and terribly hokey plots makes for an uneven but occasionally engaging drama.
A smart, satisfying movie experience.
Defiantly old-school, undeniably entertaining, Tyler Perry's The Family That Preys is a shiny, two-timing throwback to 1950s melodramas like Giant, those wellsprings of such prime-time soaps as Dallas and Dynasty.
Thanks to some first-rate acting from its stars, it ranks among Perry's best.
Religion is important to these characters but the presence of Christianity itself is practically incidental.
[Perry] squanders his most impressive cast yet on one of his least compelling stories.
Tyler Perry's trademark sitcomish sermonizing has lightened up a bit here to explore hot topic race and class issues, but his 'family values is the best revenge' anthem, is awash as usual in sudsy mayhem.
Another pat and predictable cautionary tale which nonetheless manages to push the right emotional buttons. That's the magic of the Tyler Perry genre.
Message-heavy dramedy features fine performances.
Overstuffed and self-indulgent...The Family That Preys is nothing more than a busy-minded, shifty soap opera propelled by its empty-minded sense of indignation.
Tyler Perry has something, there's no doubt. But in The Family That Preys, it's buried under by an avalanche of unbearable, soap opera drivel.
As usual, morality prevails: Faith and family are key virtues, while lust and greed are duly punished, though Perry is getting better at disguising his manipulation.
Tyler Perry's latest work of Gospelsploitation is honest-to-God entertaining, thanks in large part to its Oscar-caliber leading ladies.
It's all rather dull if you don't have laundry to fold while watching.
A bit slow paced, Perry nevertheless, has proven once again how good of a storyteller he is with 'The Family That Preys'.
It's the same old dance, only now it involves slapping around women...sickening and completely irresponsible.




@highlight

Tyler Perry's The Family that Preys treads the filmmaker's established terrain of family loyalty and moral uprightness, though the occasionally predictable plot slides forward, aided by an excess of soapy melodrama.