With a terrific central performance from Kristin Scott Thomas, Leaving is a thoroughly gripping emotional drama that plays like a sun-drenched film noir.
If Leaving is a romantic parable, it is a dark and depressing one, emphasizing not the sensuality of attraction but rather the obsessive side of romantic behavior. This is mad love for sure, and that is not usually a pretty picture.
Leaving tells the kind of painful story -- of passion, betrayal, revenge -- we might read about every day in the papers, but it is the cool manner of its telling and an outstanding central performance by Kristin Scott Thomas that sharpen our interest.
This alternation between frenzy and calm is the key to Corsini's aesthetic, a strategy the director employs in order to both introduce a modest tension into her otherwise tired material.
Even for the routinely terrific Kristin Scott Thomas, the infidelity-themed Leaving is a top-drawer thesping workout.
The fact that her children have their lives upended by their mother's yearning for Lopez's low-born, bad-boy loser makes matters both worse and more idiotic than plausible.
The only reason to see "Leaving'' - and it's not a bad reason at all - is for the sight of Kristin Scott Thomas in a rare happy mood.
[Thomas] remains a mesmerizing mix of carnality and class, and through richer and poorer, she keeps director/co-writer Catherine Corsini's bourgeois fantasy from overheating.
As Suzanne's stair-stepping recklessness leads ever downward, from secret rendezvous to public humiliations to thievery and worse, "Leaving" trades sympathy for surprise.
If "Leaving" is a story of a broken marriage, what, exactly, went wrong?
Between the terrific performances and artful cinematography, this is one high-class piece of melodramatic crap.
This is one of those films that depends entirely on its star, and Thomas mixes sexuality, giddy flirtatiousness, stoic determination and agony in just the right amounts, without ever straining.
Thomas, bless her, remains compelling throughout. But it gets harder and harder to watch the things "Leaving" forces her to do.
Thomas' face, tremulous with desire one second, steely with anger the next, holds the screen every second. But the actress deserves richer material.
Kristin Scott Thomas is not only one of the best English actresses of her generation, she's one of France's best, too.
While "Leaving" is a tragedy, it's also a celebration: of the way a fine actor can tell us a story, barely needing words.
Scott Thomas walks around in jeans and a T-shirt and has that Isabelle Huppert lifelong little girl look. She's good. Pity about the movie.
Corsini's story veers close to lurid melodrama, but her star's performance is ... nakedly honest ... Suzanne risks everything for love ... Scott Thomas is equally fearless.
Brutal retrato de una pasión arrolladora, y de un deseo de escapar casi tan inevitables como el mismo acto de vivir. Gran trabajo de Kristin Scott Thomas, quien vuelve a encontrar una inmejorable oportunidad de lucimiento en el cine francés.
Akin to 40s-50s female-driven melodramas, we get neither James Cain noir nor Douglas Sirk's preachiness. Rather, it's a straight-ahead slog into self-destruction, a character study ... sans the study of character.
Writer-director Catherine Corsini has decisively put the folle back into amour fou. Scott Thomas is not only one of the finest character actors in the English language, but in the French as well.
Corsini has her surprises. And she has Scott Thomas, and that's really all she needs.
...a glossy melodrama that does not know the meaning of restraint. It's watchable as pure guilty pleasure.
There have been many adultery movies over the years, but Leaving has some aspects that make it different and interesting.
For a triangular tale with a familiar premise, this compact feature, which was written by the director with Gaëlle Macé, proves to be uncommonly interesting.
The movie's real allure is found in the ways its star flicks her hair, darts her eyes and moves - tenderly, slowly and passionately - across each frame.
The love scenes between Scott Thomas and López have a believable, animalistic tenderness.
The surrender to Eros fails to translate despite the boudoir choreography.
The plot isn't a new one (remember Lady Chatterley?), but Corsini gives it a few twists and turns that keep matters fresh and suspenseful.
What begins as a poignant portrait of a middle-aged woman grabbing a second chance at happiness ultimately loses the sympathy of the audience.
Unblinking look at an haute bourgeoise French wife who dumps her workaholic husband to embark full-time on a passionate affair with the couple's Spanish contractor is as believable as it is tragic.
Kristin Scott Thomas breathes new life into a woman who was invented by Flaubert and copied by Francoise Sagan.
A tawdry potboiler slathered riotously in portent, complete with a lamebrained detour into vengeance that only Claude Chabrol would be able to pull off.
As obsessive love stories go, Leaving is a winner: at once achingly passionate and painfully doomed...dramatically adult.
[Kristin Scott Thomas] does what she can to best serve her scripts, even when they're hopelessly beneath her.
A passionate depiction of a middle-aged woman's awakening to her long dormant erotic desires.
Kristin Scott Thomas is the only reason to spend time with this soap.
There's scant character development and it's all rather melodramatic and, well, French, with its coup de foudre and crime passionnel.
Though the characters might be slightly underdrawn, writer-director Catherine Corsini delivers a bold critique of the marriage contract that's worth the ticket.
Yet, despite its many shortcomings, the film remains watchable and entertaining.
I found it rather conventional in the first part because we've seen this sort of thing so many times before, but it gets more interesting in the second half of the film.
Despite the clichéd beginning of this film by co-writer/director Catherine Corsini -- rich housewife diverts herself with the hired help -- it gathers intrigue and pathos as the story develops.
A drama that stands or falls by the strength of its lead. Fortunately, that lead is Kristin Scott Thomas, and she's superb.
Incomplete and unsatisfying, the film drags through its paces
With stars of the echelon of Kristin Scott Thomas and Sergi Lopez, it is terribly disappointing to find that the vehicle that brings them together is not only unworthy, but nonsensical
The relationship might not be believable but you believe Kristin believes in it. And as far as the film's concerned, that's enough to rescue it.
With 2008's I've Loved You So Long, and now this, it seems that French cinema is pushing English-born Kristin Scott Thomas towards the best roles in an already storied career.
Even when the plot stretches credibility, [Kristin Scott Thomas'] performance is utterly riveting
Told with an unfussy elegance and economy, Leaving builds a steady intensity as it sustains credibility in the journey from drama to melodrama.
Scott Thomas conveys how her character's dissatisfaction and suddenly awakened desires lead her to make erratic, but emotionally honest, choices...
Perhaps you have to be a fan to really like it -- but I think this is more than enough to turn waverers into fully paid-up Scott Thomas admirers.
A rather cold reworking of Lady Chatterley's Lover starring Kristin Scott Thomas as a bored doctor's wife.
Moving fluently between the film's contrasting worlds, writer-director Catherine Corsini's emphasis is less on exploring her characters' psychological motivations than showing how they are overwhelmed by their emotions.
It's a consummate performance from one of the finest actors of any gender of any generation in any language. You'd be happy to see her in any affair.
Tightly wound and crafted, with robust performances by Kristin Scott Thomas and recurrent Spanish Don Juan Sergi Lopez, the pic offers a rough, no-frills take on a story as old as France itself.
An appealingly accessible endeavor that one can easily envision being remade somewhere down the line, with, say, Diane Lane, Richard Gere, and Antonio Banderas undoubtedly a comfortable fit for their French-language predecessors.
The ending suggests a lack of ideas, but the journey is surprising enough for that not to matter.
A vital, if slight, study of selfishness and fractured relationships, Leaving is illuminated by the odd, off-balancing twist.
Corsini's choice to focus on passion, on selfishness, on sex, unfortunately means that the film can't quite make up its mind and never quite settles the way you expect it to.
The performances and Agnes Godard's cinematography ensure that this is a very elegant piece of trash.
We seem to be witnessing the prime of Kristin Scott Thomas as French cinema offers her some of the most demanding roles of her career.
Compelling cinema.


@highlight

Laden with melodramatic clichés, Leaving needed a talented star to succeed -- and Kristin Scott Thomas delivers the goods with another superb performance.