The moral dilemmas raised by the assassin and Mr. Decleir's fierce performance are what make the stylish straightforward policier somewhat memorable.
Not only as good as any American thriller of the past several years, but boasts a totally unique premise.
It is distinguished by the intelligence of its plotting and the fullness of its characterizations: These are believable people, not merely plot fodder.
exemplary crime stuff, complex anti-hero and all.
The unusual Antwerp locations, the visual style of the filmmaking, and the soulfulness of the performances make it a welcome European addition to the genre.
What if grandpa was a hit man, and he was rapidly losing his mind during a killer assignment?
The cat-and-mouse game that Ledda and especially Vincke play is fun to watch.
A sort of 'CSI: Antwerp' episode from a director who seems to be auditioning for the next Jason Bourne adventure.
While Decleir and De Bouw provide exceptionally fine performances, the film devolves into stolid predictability in the third act.
A strong showcase for Declair, who plays Ledda as a cagey survivor on a vendetta and juggling cat-and-mouse games with the cops, his future victims and his faltering mind.
The filmmakers who redo Killer will be hard-pressed to find an actor who can make Killer fans forget Decleir's indelible performance.
A jaw-dropping premise so smartly executed that if this movie weren't in Flemish I'd swear that Michael Mann had directed it.
Close, but not quite.
The movie is tightly wound and expertly unraveled, resulting in a thriller that you'll remember.
Though Memory works perfectly well as a policier, it works even better as a character study of a man losing his edge.
Decleir's performance alone would be reason enough to see it, but the clever script and nifty execution are added attractions.
The film won't put you at the edge of your seat, but will keep your attention.
This Belgian film has the sheen of polished Hollywood product, amplified by continental elegance and depth.
Decleir's tough-guy vulnerability, which brings to mind such classic screen heavies as Lee J. Cobb and Richard Widmark, gives an otherwise standard police procedural extraordinary grace and power.
Without flashy, Hollywood-style pyrotechnics to get in the way, solid human drama provides the suspense.
It's gritty, violent, and smart - a step above your typical American cop movie.
Solid performances, competent direction and artfully drab cinematography.
as Ronald Reagan's second presidential term proved, you should never underestimate a determined old man with Alzheimer's.
Consistently involving and intelligent.
Heavily nuanced and weighty with tension.
For me, the film bogs down with predictability and too many flash cuts, and seems to repeat itself rather than build in suspense.
Decleir is so commanding in the role that it's easy to dismiss the film's generic trappings.
A striking, somewhat absurd Belgian thriller...
A Belgian film as energetic and clever as many a Hollywood production -- though ultimately as clichéd as one, too.
As slick, fast and terrifyingly violent as a top-grade American crime thriller, but a lot smarter than most.
Contains the elements of a typical police procedural, transcended and brought to a sad perfection by the performance of a veteran Belgian actor named Jan Decleir.
If you don't mind the subtitles, you should definitely see this one.
Van Looy has done a marvelous job bringing Geeraerts' detectives and the dying, seminoble hit man to life.
We shouldn't commiserate with an assassin, but part of the movie's skill is in making us share Angelo's dread at what's happening to him.
Decleir does a fine job wavering between being confused and being a sort of James Bond for the senior set. But there's nothing deep or meaningful evoked here.
An entertaining new crime procedural from Belgium.
The only thing that prevents The Memory of a Killer from seeming 100-percent Hollywood is the characters' speaking in subtitled Dutch.
In a summer that hasn't seen many good foreign films, The Memory of a Killer is one worth seeking out.
A gratifyingly slick and fast-moving Flemish thriller, directed by Erik Van Looy, with superb acting.
Jan Decleir does a superb job as the aging, pained hit man whose life is changed by his disease
Nice to see a senior citizen in the role of a hit man.
Played waaaay too long, but it was still fun to see an older guy kick so much butt.
An exercise in predictability.
There is a lot going on in this densely packed thriller, but helmer Van Looy maintains a taut pace while creating a sense of suspense -- and empathy -- for its dark protagonist.
[A] derivative but engaging thriller.
pictures an evil sociopath in such a far-fetched, romantic, unrealistic manner that it's nothing more than a cartoon rather than the thriller to which it aspires
Overall I found the film a puzzling mixture of convincing local atmospherics and pretentious imported grandeur.
In the end, Memory of a Killer sticks, hauntingly, with you.
"[A] perfect example of rote Hollywood fare being produced in a different language."
Writer-director Erik Van Looy keeps the action moving briskly.
[An] absorbing, operatic Belgian detective thriller.
Belgium viewers of this crime thriller would have undoubtedly been reminded of serial killer Marc Dutroux.
Even if you're simply just looking for a great story, Memory will stick with you for a while.
director Erik Van Looy may have a series on his hands
The sympathy toward the obvious evil of a contract killer never flies...Still, the clever central gimmick and a streak of sly humor lift [the] film, just barely, a cut above.
This is one terrific thriller with several wicked tricks up its sleeve, each more satisfying than the last.
In the rather less twisty [than Memento], if nicely kinked Belgian thriller The Memory of a Killer, the title character faces his own dangerous adversary, except that here the enemy hot on his heels is dementia.
This thriller is more textured than the usual exercise in its genre.
Thanks to Erik Van Looy's potent direction and solid performances, that setup pays off handsomely.
Director Erik Van Looy has filmmaking chops to spare, and while he has created a sharply shot and crisply paced film, he isn't able to make it all cohere, as the moving parts spin in place without any connection or harmony.
Essentially an above-par television crime thriller.
...immeasurably helped by strong performances in the central roles...
An engaging crime drama with plenty of payoff for the viewers.
The director, Erik Van Looy, knows how to spin a well-oiled policier, but he jacks up the action with 'existential' flash cuts that, like the rest of the movie, end up signifying less than meets the eye.
There isn't a single original thought recognizable in the dim bulb The Memory of a Killer's empty, imitative head.
Van Looy has created a fast-paced and stylish thriller.
A stylish and atmospheric crime-thriller that has an eye for its characters and the social-political environment in which they move.

@highlight

Even though The Memory of a Killer is standard genre fare, it is also engaging and stylish.