[Forbidden Room] is an inventive, audacious, and outright hilarious tour de force whatzit.
Guy Maddin's The Forbidden Room plays like a super cut of films from different countries, genres, and eras.
The film doesn't disappear, of course. It just folds into itself, again and again, ultimately transforming into an ecstatic, enclosed, gloriously self-indulgent expression of pure filmic desire.
An intense and explosive sensory experience; An elegant delirium that injects vigor into contemporary cinema by returning faith to the power of the imagination. [Full review in Spanish]
Canadian iconoclast Guy Maddin has been making strange, surreal films that evoke the images and storytelling traditions of silent movies for decades. The Forbidden Room (2015)... is like a compendium of his obsessions and cinematic fetishes.
The bad part is that at over two hours long the film is not that good.
Whilst The Forbidden Room is overlong and messy, it is still a lightning bolt of creativity from one of the most enigmatic and compelling filmmakers working today.
Dense and lacking the playful quality of his more straightforward work, this represents a new multi-narrative direction for Maddin.
There's a strange comfort in knowing that Freud's fascinating topography of the mind will never be completely discredited while Maddin is making deliriously absurd movies.
What Maddin & Co. have invented here ranges from Freudian horror to childish naughtiness.
An exhausting and overwhelming film to experience, but there's also something exhilarating about its mad energy and boundless invention.
Once again, Maddin draws his inspiration from cinema's transitional phase between silent and sound, and he is abetted wonderfully by production designer Galen Johnson and cinematographer Stéphanie Weber-Biron.
The screen pulsates like infernal internal organs, or bubbles and mutates like melting celluloid jammed in a hot projector.
If you're up for The Forbidden Room, it fulfills it's oneiric promise by leaving you with the vague impression that you dreamed it - and dreamed its dreams within dreams - even if you know you didn't.
It's an exercise in high kitsch which enraptures at first, but becomes increasingly enervating the longer it lasts.
A grueling marathon of cinematic masturbation; a mind-numbingly empty exercise in self-conscious style with absolutely nothing to say.
A visual phantasmagoria with a built-in propulsive energy.
Exquisitely designed, this cornucopia of melodramatic fragments and movie pastiches will enchant Guy Maddin fans.
Maddin remains a unique treasure, and The Forbidden Room is one hell of a trove.
The Forbidden Room is a fun ride for cineastes and was much fêted at festivals. Whether it will appeal to mainstream taste with its insane mash-up of B movie-style parody, silent-movie intertitles and jungle vampires is anyone's guess.
It is sometimes brilliant and sometimes boring, but even the boring parts have an eccentric sparkle.
The tinted, corroded images ripple, pulsate and disintegrate. They burn up, then reconfigure as something else entirely. The surface of the movie is liquid; the actors seem to be drifting in an ocean of photographic developer fluid.
The Forbidden Room is an absolutely manic, joyous romp through a hilariously warped revision of seemingly the entirety of silent film, an endlessly inventive celebration of the limitlessness and sheer dexterity of cinema from the first frame to the last.
Guy Maddin delivers another of his wild and whimsical fantasies, tinged with camp and couched in the film grammar of silent cinema.
More madly Maddinesque than ever....an eye-popping, mind-throbbing palimpsest of film-historical apocrypha [existing] only within its own cloud of visual perfume across two hours of unceasing melodramatic phantasmagoria.
The meaning of what's happening on screen at any given moment is less important than the texture and the joy of experiencing it.
if you like unusual filmmaking that is surreal and makes you say "WTF" (in a good way), keep an eye out for "The Forbidden Room" - a must for the mad Madden fans.
Enjoying this film will depend on your state of mind. Indeed, "The Forbidden Room" is a state of mind unto itself.
a carnival of semiotics and cinematic sleight-of-hand that creates a hyper-reality that is more intense than actual reality, if only for its lack of anything as reassuring as linear storytelling
This is an inherently excessive, artifice kissing, id-addled, beautiful movie-movie, autistically precise with colour, tone, crackle, neurosis and atmosphere, and rather less disciplined with regards to offering a mapable cosmology.
Maddin's title cards alone...with their flowery, archaic innuendo, provide more belly laughs than most commercial comedies.
Maddin's singular brand of cinematic reinvention goes a little over the top.
Story itself is replaced by an elaborate game of spot-the-cult-thespian, with veterans like Udo Kier, Geraldine Chaplin, Charlotte Rampling, and Maria de Medeiros appearing in fleeting, sometimes incomprehensible, always gorgeously manipulated images.
If you've got the stomach for nerve-shredding, ultra-experimental, monster-psychedelic, idiosyncratic-as-all-hell cinema, then boy oh boy, The Forbidden Room is the film for you!
The resulting reverie will not be to all tastes, but if Maddin's previous films have put you to sleep or kept you awake, rest assured this one will do the same.
The Forbidden Room is hard to explain but impossible to forget.
sit back, unwind, and lose yourself to this transglobal tub-thumping oneiro-epic bathtime of the psyche - for some good, if questionably clean, fun.
[A] narcotized fever dream ...
The film is more than just spot-on parody.
Guy Maddin's latest act of cinematic mayhem isn't easy to parse, but narrative coddling has never been his intent.
A swirling, mutating apparition conjured from a crazed mind, this fluid and delirious film showcases a wealth of imagination as it drags us down through ever deeper, ever stranger layers of storytelling ...
Those who demand that their films offer up some kind of conventional narrative structure will no doubt throw up their hands and leave early on in the proceedings. Those that stick it out, however, will be rewarded with one delight after another.
Like a suitcase packed so tight the zipper won't even work, overflowing with every inspired idea Guy Maddin has had over a long interim.
At a time when everyone is talking about the death of the movies, Guy Maddin proves that we can always bring them back to life.
The surrealist result plays to Maddin's strengths as a master of densely aestheticized short films, as he crafts a lucid expression of his own feverish perspective on the movies that shaped his art.
Is "The Forbidden Room" an infantile Freudian joke? Yes, it's that and a lot more.
For those attuned to Maddin's goofy sense of humor, it's easily the funniest movie he's ever made -- a series of several dozen comic shorts strung together on a ludicrous clothesline.
Within the guise of a rarefied ode to silent movies, Maddin may have made his most commercial film.
The Forbidden Room may be deemed too avant-garde or piecemeal for some, but there's no denying the invention on display.
A repetitious, rather formless jest that will wear out its welcome for many viewers long before jerking to a halt at the two-hour mark.
Its utter indulgence in esoterica paradoxically leaves it most vulnerable to the beating heart of this great artist of self-therapy.
Coherent? Almost. Demented? Pretty much. But once the undead banana monsters show up, resistance is futile.
Scratched and crumpled film stock, soaring melodrama, silent era title cards, multi-layered narratives and a garish palette barely skim the surface when trying to describe the outsider auteur's latest, daring, giddily abstract work.
Surrender yourself to its demented genius. "The Forbidden Room" will trap you in its bewitching spell. And you'll be better for it.
It has a Russian-nested-doll feel, with storylines, characters, and motifs weaving in and out of each other while the narrative itself seems to dive into one rabbit hole after another.
The irony of a work titled The Forbidden Room is that it's actually an inviting film, welcoming you in to spend some time being bombarded by sound and vision elements that are fragmented and obscure yet delightfully amusing.
For cinephiles and aficionados of the singular, The Forbidden Room represents a very particular kind of feast.
A bottomless rabbit hole of subconscious creativity.
I'm not saying we should ever stop making movies, but if we do, "The Forbidden Room" should be the last movie. There's like nothing left to do.
A tour de force that takes Maddin's ambition through a maze of magical melodrama.
I've never taken LSD and wandered around a film archive, but I imagine the experience might be similar to The Forbidden Room.

@highlight

The Forbidden Room may frustrate viewers looking for a linear experience, but those seeking a challenge -- or already familiar with director Guy Maddin's work -- will be rewarded.