Inane, raunchy romantic comedy inspires no love.
...ultimately falls prey to the melodramatic silliness that one has come to expect from the romantic comedy genre.
mostly unwatchable
There's something genuinely transgressive beneath the movie's rom-com surface, though director Howard Deutch keeps retreating to the safety of frat-boy humor.
This is one of those films that would be enormously improved by the arrival of 100 crazy Somali pirates who would proceed to take the entire cast hostage.
Tedious, largely unfunny and poorly written comedy with the least likeable collection of characters you'll see all year.
Yet another in a continuing line of dismal Dane Cook so-called romantic comedies.
It's a wonder the guys don't just wear Flintstone loincloths. Now let's hear it: Yabba-dabba-don't.
Any schmuck with a typewriter and a dirty mouth can test the limits of good taste; it's something else entirely to push the boundaries of narrative possibility and emotional empathy.
A rude, crude romantic comedy with a touch of nastiness that's refreshing and quite funny.
You should steer well clear of the nasty ideas that screenwriter Jordan Cahan has about relationships and how they work.
A film that truly bites.
Dane Cook proves why he is one of American comedy's favourite big-time naughty boys in this fast, funny, foul-tongued but sweet-natured adult-skewed romantic comedy.
The film veers off into that realm of unbelievability that I react against. But there is a certain fascination in watching Cook strut his stuff (and boy does he strut), and Kate Hudson is pleasant to watch.
If you like watching anarchy in action, this exhibition has its moments, but the anti-woman humour underpinning it -- and Cook's whole performance -- does cast a pall.
'There's this guy, Tank, and other guys hire him to give their exes "emotional terrorism." It's a romantic comedy.''Can you throw in a cheap anti-Catholic and anti-Semitic joke? And have Tank tell some kids how to pull a brutal sexaul trick on a woman?'
A raunchy vehicle for Dane Cook fans? A sprightly romance for Kate Hudson fans? A genial underdog comedy for Jason Biggs fans? The correct answer is: a big, steaming pile of horse manure.
It works much better as a comedy, but by the end, the romantic aspect has taken over and there's not much humor to be found after the first half.
It's coarse and funny, but there's something really endearing about this twisted romantic comedy in which the protagonist excels at being a self-proclaimed emotional terrorist
[Director Howard] Deutch passes the buck to his three stars...
... this is a verbally poisonous comedy that rattles the sensibility cage.
Mean, crass and tasteless, "My Best Friend's Girl" is only pretending to be a romantic comedy.
Hitch has nothing on My Best Friend's Girl... the best romance since The Notebook.
An insulting, wholly unpleasant excuse for a comedy.
It's a movie that ultimately fails because it features characters that are so unlikeable that it's difficult to care whether they form a love connection or not
When it comes right down to it, the less said about the movie the better. But in lieu of that, let's just tackle it, vilify it, screw it to the wall, and send it back into the sewer from which it came.
Induces that dull pain at the back of the head that I believe to be the result of brain cells crawling away to die of embarrassment.
Golden Girl Kate Hudson gets tarnished by associating with Dane Cook in this tasteless, terrible movie
Raunchy and wretched...profoundly unfunny and sophomoric sludge...meaningless material that wouldn't be suitable for lining your pet parrot's birdcage.
Cahan's curious and increasingly sincere slant on modern romance outshines its efforts to please Cook's MySpace fan base with gross-out gags (some of which are damned funny).
In order for My Best Friend's Girl to work at all, it needs a leading man with the charisma to suggest the soulful, lovelorn gentleman behind the crude serial womanizer.
The inexplicable romantic comedy career of Dane Cook marches on.
The movie can't seem to follow its own internal logic.
There are no surprises here, but speedy pacing and a smattering of laughs along the way, as well as a knowing turn by Alec Baldwin as Tank's even more piggish father, make My Best Friend's Girl a date not entirely to be skipped.
Ultimately, its most unforgivable sin is that it's simply not funny.
An ugly, strictly-for-meatheads comedy that can only be recommended to couples who wear matching Tie Domi Toronto Maple Leafs jerseys out on a date.
It lacks the courage of its swinish convictions, and abruptly acquiesces to bland rom-com clichés three-quarters of the way to its appointed end.
It borrows from much funnier movies such as Hitch, Wedding Crashers and My Best Friend's Wedding. Never has a romantic comedy seemed less romantic or less comedic.
A light smattering of funny moments can't save this misogynistic, feel-bad romantic comedy.
A nauseating fraud from start to finish ... The film's level of awfulness is nothing new for Cook, but Hudson hits a new low.
My Best Friend's Girl ultimately fails to measure up to its own standards.
It attempts to go all warm and fuzzy. It succeeds. But it is the warm and fuzzy stuff that grows on a compost heap after a heavy rain
The movie is mirthlessly vulgar, with only a few scattered laughs escaping from the miasma of desperation.
A trophy hottie who can't get enough of all the crude sexual insults this lowlife male pig - without lipstick - is dispensing as effective foreplay, while succumbing to his extreme dirty talk as the ultimate aphrodisiac.
It's disturbing to think of the millions of teenage boys who will laugh when he insults a girl to get her in bed, or pees in a cactus plant at a restaurant.
Eventually the conventions of romantic comedy take hold, with the humor declining precipitously.
Cook is most amusing while emphasizing his sardonic edginess, a trait that may eventually serve him well in some anti-heroic (or downright villainous) dramatic role. Better still, he establishes an effectively fluid give-and-take with Hudson.
My Best Friend's Girl isn't just a misfire; it's a misfire compounded by a chain of miscalculations, and it's hard to figure out who this could appeal to (except, perhaps, Dane Cook's fan club).
The actors (especially Alec Baldwin, as Tank's horndog dad) elevate the material slightly, but such piffle will just fill you with longing... for a better movie.
The movie spends a lot of time trying to be cute, vulgar and cutely vulgar. But it forgets about character, plot and believability.
Isolated bits don't add up to much here.
Want to spend a seemingly endless 100 minutes watching a dullard trying to decide between a douchebag and a eunuch? Then run, don't walk, to My Best Friend's Girl, a supremely irritating movie about idiots and their dull quest for unconvincing love
In trying to play to both Cook's raunch-loving fanbase and to hopeless romantics, director Howard Deutch has made an awkward half-breed that's likely to alienate both camps.
There could be a supporting turn from Will Smith, gas cards under every theater seat, and certified proof who killed JFK revealed only after the end credits and it still wouldn't salvage Cook's ability to select the worst possible starring vehicles.





@highlight

My Best Friend's Girl spends too much time being vulgar and offensive, leaving little room for laughs.