Amanda Seyfried earns her acting stripes here, her brave no holds barred performance completely sheds her Les Miz and Mamma Mia good girl image.
It is unpretentious and moving, and Seyfried is great.
Familiar territory: celebrity woman with a man beating the crap out of her. We've seen this before in What's Love Got to Do With It and in Star 80. Unfortunately, these movies weren't just earlier than Lovelace; they were stronger.
The notorious performer's story is told in the provocatively written, well-acted biopic Lovelace.
Lovelace isn't a catalyst; it's just another unchallenging fantasy.
Ironically, even a movie about Linda Lovelace's rather sad life uses her more for her body than her character.
Amanda Seyfried is a game performer, and the Linda-like freckles sprayed across her cheeks, which all and sundry in the film comment on, are fetching.
Amanda Seyfried acts out of her skin.
I understand that movies based on true stories take plenty of liberties, but if those liberties can be blown apart with a five-minute visit to Wikipedia, they went too far.
Other performances may be more gripping in the moment, but the core of relatable vulnerability and flawed humanity Seyfried brings lends the film a lasting resonance.
By aiming for the audience's sympathy, Lovelace tidies and ultimately silences the star it tries to redeem.
The title fonts, garish wardrobe and uninspired '70s music choices are there, but none of the spirit.
Co-directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman corralled a stellar cast that piles on great performances.
The campy script gives way to campy performances from a plethora of celebrities making distracting cameos.
Star/co-producer Amanda Seyfried is strong in this 'Linda Lovelace' biopic from co-directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman, but she's not quite right, with her gorgeous, goo-goo-eyes looking quite unlike the homelier, less glam Linda.
Amanda Seyfried brings the mythologised Lovelace to life ...a surprisingly touching, extraordinary biopic. It certainly stands with Boogie Nights (1997) and Hardcore (1979) as one of the few good feature films about porn.
There is little doubt that most attention will focus on the relatively small but crucial role of Dorothy, Linda's mother, played with heartbreaking honesty by Sharon Stone
It's voyeuristic, unbelievable and often shocking as it delivers surprises, twists and many elements of interest, including an effective depiction of the times during the sexual revolution
It's voyeuristic, unbelievable and often shocking as it delivers surprises, twists and many elements of interest, including an effective depiction of the times during the sexual revolution
As good as it is, Lovelace oddly avoids further illuminating Boreman, beyond what we already know.
It's a somewhat simplistic dichotomy but Amanda Seyfried does a good job managing the contradictions of her character, and her co-stars Sharon Stone and Peter Sarsgaard keep the pace.
Seyfried, with her huge features crowding her small face, looks like Alice in a very strange Wonderland. But whatever possibilities she may have as an actress are eradicated by the filmmakers ...
Considering the subject matter, this watered-down biopic of porn star Linda Lovelace doesn't seem nearly edgy enough.
While sympathetic lacks the nerve to fully detail the injustices she suffered at Trainor's hands.
[A] dubious, dislikable film ...
An explicit, depressing study of human sadness that goes beyond the melancholy.
This is less a film about Linda Boreman than a film about stuff that happened to Linda Boreman.
One thing's for sure: this exposé ain't deep.
Seyfried is excellent, morphing from naive good-time girl to abused victim to, ultimately, empowered wife and mother.
Lovelace packs in a cavalcade of stars, including Juno Temple, James Franco and Sharon Stone, but doesn't exactly know how to use them.
Lovelace tells a difficult story creditably, yet its period detail has the effect of distancing the story, and its heroine remains an enigma ...
Amanda Seyfried and Peter Saarsgard are good as the Beauty and Beast of the 1970s porn industry in Lovelace.
Engaging, smartly directed biopic with impeccable production design, terrific performances and a superb script that cleverly tells two versions of the same story.
Moralising anti-porn tract rather than ambiguous life story of a true enigma.
Lovelace may be a little contrived and unoriginal as drama, but it's a useful exercise in de-sentimentalisation.
Seyfried is a revelation as the blithely trusting Linda, initially under the sleazy spell of Chuck and latterly terrified of his physical and mental abuse.
Linda's feelings are rarely revealed: that's left to the gloomy final act, which feels more like a guilt-inducing postscript than a genuine reveal.
On a superficial level, this is quite an entertaining look at the making of Deep Throat - the first film to take pornography into the mainstream.
An entertaining, provocative biopic with good performances and many strong scenes - but it still doesn't feel like the full Lovelace story.
...the film is all surface, despite some hard work from an overqualified cast that unfortunately seems not to have been given a key note to tune to.
An unusual structure gives this biopic a surprising kick as it explores both sides of the porn industry: the glamour and the sleaze.
"Lovelace" becomes too distracted by industry politics and the cultural context of the film's release to provide more than a snapshot of her life either before or after she stepped in front of a camera.
Amanda Seyfried is terrific as the most famous porn star of all time. The quality of the acting is impressive. Seyfried and Sharon Stone as her mother should be considered for year end awards.
Second half . . .pops the party balloon. . .Seyfried's sensitively convincing and sympathetic performance helps rebalance the record towards Linda's trauma and redemption.
Linda Lovelace had at least two, wildly different public personae, and instead of trying to find the middle ground, Lovelace just gives us both of them, which is either admirable or artistically cowardly, depending on your perspective.
Lovelace isn't a bad movie. In fact, it's a pretty good one, but it definitely feels constrained and compromised.
Lovelace bids to whip up hot indignation about an outrage four decades old. Instead, it provokes dismay.
...this origin story of the star of surprise box office smash of 1973, is compulsively watchable, even while being coated in a thick layer of me-decade sleaze.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Linda Boreman's story is an American Mafia story as much as it is a personal tragedy for a woman who was barely able to escape the clutches of a small-time pimp who got lucky, if not rich, on her back.
Seyfried and Sarsgaard excel in a biopic that focuses on the hard times rather than the hardcore, and leaves you feeling that there's a lot more to say.
Unfortunately, most of Lovelace is more generic and familiar, right down to the too-neat happy ending.
The spin it gives to the story makes for an intriguingly stylish, if incomplete, biography/cautionary tale.
Seyfried is the perfect actress to play Linda; she's both charismatic and sexy but also squeaky clean -- she brings her own layers to the part... But the real surprise is Sharon Stone as Linda's tormented mother.
Perhaps there was nothing more to this woman's storied stardom. If that's the case, maybe Lovelace didn't need to be made at all.
The grim second half of the movie is not just a 'reveal' for viewers unfamiliar with Lovelace's biography but a sort of hangover (or STD?) that punishes moviegoers for enjoying the sexual soap opera and salacious horseplay of the first half.
"Lovelace" is superficial and flat and wastes a transformative, gung-ho performance by leading lady Amanda Seyfried.
Only a fool would see Lovelace for the sex.
Seyfried does her best to animate the limited content and lines, but the there's a male frame around the action that suffocates the denouement and handily obliterates any sense of personhood.
Enough of this film works to merit a moderate recommendation, though the next time that Friedman and Epstein take on such a challenging character... they should consider gauging the structure of their script more carefully.
This drama from codirectors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman is so respectful of 70s porn sensation Linda Lovelace that instead of humanizing the Deep Throat star, it reduces her to one dimension: victim.
But only skin deep.
Amanda Seyfried is adept at showing the character's innocent side, but you'll leave the theatre not knowing much more about Lovelace than you knew going in.
Seyfried's Lovelace gets a lot of screen time, but rarely to herself. Instead she's there for things to happen to...What does Lovelace tell us about Linda Lovelace that is not already part of the public domain? Not a lot, really.
More than anything else, Lovelace will be remembered for its inspired casting.
Scattered moments of heat and light just don't add up to a forceful or vital movie about a subject that deserves one.
When it comes to big-screen biopics, "Lovelace" never makes it past the shallow end of the pool.
Seyfried's eager-to-please Linda Lovelace seems like a hostage in her own life, reminiscent of another famously pilloried female of the period, Patty Hearst.
Seyfried's haunted performance is terrific, but the movie is a mess.
Directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman settle for a titillating, exploitative snapshot instead of a fully rounded portrait.
Instead of exploring the juxtaposition of a woman who was acclaimed as a representative of society's newfound sexual openness as a victim of exploitation, the movie simply becomes a portrait of Linda's victimhood.
The familiar arc is complete, the grisly elements all ring true. But somehow it all feels too surface, too easy. Why, why, why? There must have been more.
It has a pair of terrific performances at its center, and an intriguing story.
...a story that feels too black and white, whitewashed to present its subject as the ultimate victim. The filmmakers' best idea was to feature Eric Roberts in a cameo, but "Lovelace" is a far cry from "Star 80."
Amanda Seyfried delivers a fearless and sympathetic portrayal of the young woman who is led into very dark places by a smooth-talking hustler played by Peter Sarsgaard.
Lovelace" is a well-made but grim film.
The movie sharply evokes the era and exudes a lurid fascination by unpacking this sensational story. But it really works because the performances drive things.
The thoughtful, uneven "Lovelace" reveals porn's first superstar as a battered, broken rebuke to the sex industry she epitomized.
As a most apolitical black comedy and dark melodrama, Lovelace works reasonably well, and that's mostly due to a strong pace and a stronger cast.
There's a lot in this story about victimization and agency that Mr. Epstein and Mr. Friedman never satisfactorily address.
Co-directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman never quite pull it off - although you can see how they might have.
'Lovelace' is significant for its portrayal of a battered, exploited woman and of the macho social attitudes which foster such situations.
A timid gloss on a hardcore subject.
Epstein and Friedman opt for the most broadly entertaining and salacious details about the 1972 porn film, giving short shrift to Lovelace's complicated contradictions.
The superficial script doesn't go nearly deep enough to begin explaining Lovelace.
This movie is short on nuance, but at least it treats Lovelace with a respect she didn't often find in her difficult life.
Ultimately, the movie relies as heavily as any porn feature on its intrepid female lead. Rather than exploiting Seyfried, however, Lovelace just sort of wastes her.
Its maudlin third act mars what is, for much of the film, a pretty nuanced and well-acted biopic, as well as something of a cultural critique.
Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman spin two versions of the story of the ingénue who starred in the most successful porn film of all time.
Stripped of its salacious subject matter, Lovelace is standard Lifetime cable channel boilerplate stuff.
Lovelace is one of the fluffiest, least substantive biopics I've ever seen, and I am baffled the film made it through the scripting and production phases without anyone ever once bothering to ask "for what exact purpose are we making this movie?"
With the exception of good-natured porn vet Harry Reems (Adam Brody), everyone here is out to tear a piece off Linda Lovelace, whoever she was: Messrs. Epstein and Friedman don't really get to what made her tick, although one can guess.
Compelling, in its way, but you can't help thinking there is more to the story.
It feels like a movie that wants to have it both ways: giggle and thrill at the campy depictions of naughty hedonism, then wag the finger at all the cruelty underpinning it.
The whole story, in just five words: Linda met the wrong guy. A miserable, dispiriting story, but done so well that the experience is galvanizing, not depressing.
Apparently the filmmakers think Lovelace's story is good enough to be exploited, again, but identifying with her would be too much to swallow.
A superficial examination of profound pain and dubious character, keeping the material disappointingly one-note when it aches to be so much more comprehensive.
The re-creations of the era are artful, and the acting's strong. Seyfried and Sarsgaard have a lot to play, and attack the material fiercely and honestly.
Amanda Seyfried looks ripe to take on the life of Linda Lovelace, the Deep Throat blow-job queen who made porn accessible to 1970s America.
Actually playing up the story's tabloid splashiness, only to lay on the scold later, seems like a case of having one's cake and eating it, too-not to mention a bit cheap.
Does a good job of setting the record straight about the person behind the '70s late-night talk show punchlines.
Lovelace finds a fresh take on familiar material, but the film is also distinguished by its focus and intensity.
Lovelace goes down easy. But it's difficult not to wish for something deeper.
Seyfried's performance is worth the price of admission. But Linda Lovelace deserved something more.
Reduces her troubled life to scenes of sex and violence so cartoonish they should've been relegated to a hair-metal video.
It is made by documentarians who show more concern for feminism than for fiction or fantasy.
With Deep Throat on DVD, it's still possible to see every inch of Linda Lovelace without ever seeing the woman herself in focus. Lovelace, ahem, blows it.
Don't look to this skin-deep biopic to offer any insights beyond the head-slappingly superficial.
Perfectly cast, acutely rendered drama based on the true story of accidental porn sensation Linda Lovelace and her abusive manager/husband delivers big-time as it captures recognizable characters from the seedy '70s.
Doesn't go deep enough
Lovelace is a decent cinematic escape that could have been so much more.
Operatic and heartbreaking.
Lovelace is a respectable job, but it never goes deep.
Sharon Stone stuns on screen as a thwarted woman herself and bitter, confused mom of the late tragic porn star. And with a behind-the-scenes brutal, grueling journey through the domestic violence and sexual slavery and exploitation endured by Lovelace.
Peter Sarsgaard continues to rock, this time as the title character's villanous mate.
Add the swinging '70s vibe to some cool costuming and an even groovier soundtrack, and you've got an entertaining (if sobering) night at the movies.
Lost in the music, mustaches, and furniture of the early '70s, this docudrama of a porn star's exploitation isn't nearly painful enough.
Given content that screamed out for a vital, 'Boogie Nights'-style treatment, what we get is a workmanlike biopic that feels TV-safe rather than big-screen daring.
Call it Rashoporn if you like; it still feels like a superficial examination of an interesting time and subject.
Fine performances and sharp attention to period detail are not enough to save Lovelace from the doldrums of mediocre biopic filmmaking.
A respectful, sympathetic portrait of an icon with a healthy balance of titillation, nostalgia and truth.
Seyfried and Sarsgaard are amazing.
Though Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman's handsomely mounted period piece evokes the era with impressive detail, Lovelace's journey remains difficult to tell.
Smartly done account of the trials and tribulations of the first porn star.
Reducing an immensely disturbing, politically byzantine tale to a series of cartoonish vignettes, this celeb-studded biopic squanders a gutsy performance by Amanda Seyfried.
A strong cast topped by a quite fine Amanda Seyfried as the infamous 1970s porn star helps make this period piece both breezy and weighty at the same time, no easy feat.

@highlight

Amanda Seyfried and Peter Sarsgaard do their best with the material, but Lovelace lacks enough depth and conviction to truly do its fascinating subject justice.