The film focuses on the spectacle, setting aside an interesting premise. [Full review in Spanish]
The most interesting puzzle Inferno poses, though, isn't why Hanks continues to lend his Oscar aura to substandard thrillers.
Is it as good as the first two films? No. But because of the formula there are still pleasures to be had, and director Howard does a good job of integrating the medieval images and keeping viewers off-balance.
Inferno is just a hot mess
Neither colorful photography nor Tom Hanks can make up for a lack of focus.
Despite a few flaws, Ron Howard's film is a competent adaptation and offers mild cerebral entertainment that manages to engage you. Go join the hunt.
All-in-all, Inferno doesn't have that edge-of-the-seat quality that was necessary for an end of the world scenario film.
It's hokum but classy, commercial hokum; very nearly as good as the second film, Angels And Demons, seven years ago, and way better than the original, The Da Vinci Code, now a decade old.
Inferno isn't good, but it's not as bad as Decaf Indiana Jones has been, and it's almost bearable just for Irrfan Khan.
Hanks is charming, Jones is engaging, but the scene-stealer is Irrfan Khan's mysterious security expert, who injects life and humour in the second act.
It's hard to describe too much of this plot both because it's filled with surprises (some of the things that may strike you as ridiculous are in fact not what they seem to be) and partly because it's preposterously baroque.
Does it entertain? Mostly. If you're not in the mood for an escapist piece of mind candy, don't bother.
Inferno is the sort of half-crappy thing you might watch for free on an airplane.
Inferno, and the Da Vinci Code universe, is cinema freed from the burdens of meaningfulness, of source code, of logical consequence.
The real plague: The pervasive sexism that creeps into every aspect of this plot.
The plot is downright nonsense, of course. Brown couldn't write a shopping list. But things get even more ridiculous following a whiplash-twist half way through.
As Shakespeare might say, the film feels like an attempt to dazzle the audience with the kind of sound and fury that, ultimately, signifies nothing.
Inferno is the third movie based on Dan Brown's erudite Harvard professor, and while it's not quite the most forgettable, it's mildly interesting at best, farcical at worst
There's nothing about the work of Brown or this film that couldn't be fixed by a raging blaze.
You won't ever find me calling Inferno a good movie, but I won't deny that, in dribs and drabs, it gets closer to the marks of fun and quality than I thought possible from this picturesque but dopey franchise.
Plenty [characters] drop Wiki-like factoids or spout lectures until you feel that, surely, you deserve an honorary degree for sitting through this National Treasure's European Vacation mixed with faux-educational drivel.
Like the rest of the franchise it hopefully brings to a conclusion, it is a baffling anomaly for its director and star.
Ultimately, Inferno is a long-winded mystery-adventure of the forgettable kind.
Inferno is more interesting than its predecessors, though it's just as preposterous.
Inferno is a dumb popcorn movie disguised as a smart mystery. It's packed with historical insights and religious iconography, but it ultimately leaves you feeling empty.
It's another Scooby-Doo mystery with a lesson in Renaissance art and literature, and frankly it feels a bit silly at times.
Sadly, there are no brilliantly stupid scenes
When you want to put down Sky Mall for a few minutes, Inferno will be right there, on the back of the seat in front of you.
Despite the A-list talent both in front of and behind the camera, Inferno is ultimately something less than the sum of its parts.
Clearly just the sum of its parts.
I found "Inferno" quite boring at times, wishing I had paid my money to have someone read the book to me, which would have been more exciting than what was happening on screen.
Hanks is reduced to reciting embarrassing dialogue in idiotic situations with the conviction and enthusiasm of someone fulfilling a contractual obligation.
Hanks' performance could generously be described as contractually obliged, and the film as a whole as a theatrically-released telemovie.
It's like watching someone else playing a video game -- it looks like it might be fun from a distance, but that's as close as you're allowed to get.
Inferno is better than The Da Vinci Code or Angels & Demons, but both of those films set the bar reprehensibly low.
Pass the popcorn and enjoy all the empty calories that Inferno has to offer.
As in the previous movies based on Dan Brown's books, it seems like smart stuff is happening here, but it's really all lifeless and empty, despite the scenic locales.
It's a mental workout of sorts and a pleasant way of seeing Italy - even if Robert Langdon makes for a mostly incomprehensible tour guide.
Langdon isn't doing much this time around. There are a couple of puzzles to solve but the more prevalent scenes involve him running from the authorities Jason Bourne style.
Not even Robert Langdon could make sense of this silliness.
Brown's shallow bag of tricks is getting more outlandish even as his plot twists grow less and less surprising, but writer David Koepp, director Ron Howard and the European locations keep us amused.
[W]hat could be more offensive than rich Hollywoodians...traipsing through a collapsing Europe, contributing...the diminishment of our literary and art heritage - merely for...jaded, semi-literate moviegoers? Inferno is...proof of the global dumbing-down.
Although Hanks does everything to save it, the film ends up being tedious and over complicated, with gaps in logic and some irritating direction. [Full review in Spanish]
Remember when The Da Vinci Code was a thing?
That Langdon likes to issue such explanations and annotations while on the run, sometimes reading text as you see it on screen, with highlighting to guide your eye, can't help but slow down the action.
...a fast-paced timewaster for those viewers undemanding enough not to care about plot, character, or logic.
The film is so busy trying to weave together a good mystery and philosophical arguments that it ignores everything else like pacing, a tightly-woven plot and some good old-fashioned character development.
As code breaker and Harvard symbology professor Robert Langdon, Hanks' age is catching up with the role, but Inferno makes you think he's good for at least one or two more sequels. Langdon has tenure, anyway.
Inferno proves to be as crude and unsophisticated as its source material.
You know your film is in deep trouble when even Hanks can't save it .
Howard has provided moviegoers with some of our best films over the past four decades. "Inferno" is not one of them.
Ron Howard is good at detailing exactly how people escape a remorseless fate and pulp fiction such as "Inferno" is no exception.
The best I can offer is the damning of faint praise: Inferno is a modestly entertaining diversion.
The third sequel is just as wearisome as the others, but if I remember clearly it's even more plodding than the others.
In the right role he is great ("Sully"); in the wrong role he is terrible ("Inferno"). This James Bond-ish role in "Inferno" was a wrong fit from the start.
Howard, in his third go-round at the helm of the much-maligned, but financially lucrative franchise, still hasn't gotten a handle on making these bungled endeavors anything more than a chore.
Irrfan Khan steals this generally watcahble cheat of a "mystery" thriller.
A globe-trotting mystery that's a good deal less challenging than they believe.
As a character, Langdon has even less dimensions than the more animated sleuths Carmen Sandiego and Dora the Explorer, and it's sad seeing Hanks wasting his talents in such a gossamery role.
Inferno preserves the series' museum-hopping intrigue while dispensing with the muddled religion-as-opiate-of-the-masses themes that made the first two installments more tedious than transporting.
As in all the Dan Brown books, the larger story arc isn't really the attraction. It's the little history lessons along the way that create the engagement.
Although Ron Howard and Tom Hanks have collaborated successfully before, this adaptation of Dan Brown's thriller is frenzied and inane, fumbling the franchise.
The fires of Inferno don't burn particularly bright.
No one should plan on getting the tux out for the Oscars for this one, but what is wrong with some good old fashioned fun and a gorgeous swing through beautiful European locations?
To coin an anagram, "exploit nuance and battle forge" - that is, unexceptional and forgettable.
It's a lot more like a tweed-jacket version of Bond or Bourne or most any other thriller out there. But if Langdon is distinguished from the other globe-trotting saviors by his PhD, why aren't his movies smarter?
... sporadically thrilling but frequently incoherent, generating only mild suspense as it tosses around red herrings and clues to its narrative puzzle.
It's not as gonzo crazy as 'Angels & Demons,' but it's more spirited than 'The Da Vinci Code'.
Unless you are a Dante scholar, and perhaps not even then, following Inferno is a wild goose chase - without the goose.
Here's hoping all involved are done making these Dan Brown adaptations, because I seriously doubt I have the desire or the energy to try and sit through another one anytime soon.
Cutting right to the chase, this matinee thriller is an adrenaline rush from start to finish.
Inferno not exactly scintillating. James bond-movie locations are nice, however.
Plays like a procedural thanks to our familiarity with Langdon and his world, even with its global, prophetic stakes.
[Inferno] has no sense of wonder at all, no respect for the weight of its conclusions. Cheap tricks and symbols are all it has.
Do they catch Langdon here? Please. Langdon's historical knowledge allows him to know a secret passageway to take. Every. Single. Time.
It's less intrusive and gimmicky [as The Da Vinci Code], but it's also not as enjoyable -- particularly since so much of the movie is familiar, as they go from museum to museum, dodging bad guys and trying to solve the mystery.
Ron Howard's mostly lame adaptation of Dan Brown's wholly lame novel.
You know you've made some poor cinematic choices when you have to make Dan Brown characters less complex.
Salvatore Totino's gorgeous location cinematography (in and around the great museums of Florence, Venice and Istanbul) is wondrous. Less so, is Hans Zimmer's serviceable but uninspired score.
Inferno? More like infernal.
A lot like the first two, but with fewer puzzles and less action. Does this appeal to you?
Sadly, a couple of major plot twists take an already complicated plot and render it nearly incomprehensible, turning Inferno into a simple movie that is made complicated simply for the sake of being complicated.
Despite the terrific cast, and even with two of our best storytellers in Hanks and Ron Howard, nothing in Inferno is believable or compelling enough to make us care about it.
Can be recommended for the opportunity it offers to avoid reading the Dan Brown novel on which it's based...
While this is a peripatetic thriller/chase film that is all tension and action, the best things about it are the beautiful locations. I actually fell asleep during the climax that was almost totally incomprehensible about who was doing what to whom.
The third time is not exactly a code of charms for producer/director Ron Howard and Professor Robert Langdon (Tom Hanks) in their intricately weaved 'Inferno.'
For a story that's about a race to save half of the world's population, there's a lack of urgency on screen.
The reliable ingredients fail to ignite.
Ron Howard's third (and weakest) stab at a Dan Brown adaptation...
At a time when even 'accountants' kick butt, we need a thinking man's hero like Robert Langdon more than ever.
While watching "Inferno," you might think you're traveling through your own version of Dante's nine circles of Hell. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - Also Available)
No matter how impressive the production is, with quick pacing and loads of acting charisma, "Inferno" fails on a basic level: the story is stupid.
A stylish but tedious thriller that never does catch fire.
You don't need a hidden set of clues to decipher that "Inferno" is one of the worst movies of the year.
Inferno isn't full of enough action to offset the lack of mystery
I'm not saying Irrfan Khan should definitely win best supporting actor at the Oscars, but he should be on the shortlist for kinda-sorta saving this easily skipped picture.
One action scene is underwater, but the rest of it drags so much it feels like it might be, too.
Diverting on occasion, preposterous in the extreme, and ultimately disposable.
Inferno has two good acts but with nowhere to go, the plot implodes in the third act and the whole thing bursts into flames.
Hanks can do lots of things beautifully, but even he stumbles over the script's eye-rolling contrivances, expositional dialogue and general dullness.
This is the third movie in which director Ron Howard and star Tom Hanks have teamed to try, and fail, to turn one of Dan Brown's novels into something coherent or plausible.
All Inferno has to offer is a sense of missed opportunities and wasted time mixed with sudden desire to visit Italy.
Nothing is what it seems, unless it seems ridiculous, in which case it's exactly what it seems.
A thoroughly pedestrian adventure that might have been better titled Hell is Lots and Lots of Other People.
"Inferno" is a grabber, and Hanks knows Langdon so well, he wears that character like a somewhat worn yet still well-constructed suit of clothes.
A welcome alternative to the teased-at-ComicCon kid's stuff. Which isn't to say that Inferno is good.
Almost interesting at best and terribly redundant at worst.
The story may not make any sense, but they're going to throw so much at you - so many jumpy moves, so many tangled threads - that you might not notice (or care).
Inferno should have been a blazing mystery driven by the sparks of two solid actors. Instead, it lacks the heat of good writing to create any cinematic sizzle.
It might seem that Dan Brown takes his art-history/conspiracy thrillers very seriously. Yet there's one clue, hidden in plain sight, that he doesn't: He keeps letting director Ron Howard turn them into silly movies.
Silly and implausible, but mostly watchable.
Once again directed by the reliable Ron Howard, it's by far the worst of this less-than-stellar trio.
Director Ron Howard has paced the movie like one extended chase, but despite plentiful action, it's generally about as suspenseful as an art-history lesson.
As much as I admire the limitless chutzpah of Howard in these Brown/Langdon thrillers, this one does seem a wee bit overstuffed... But it's nothing if not a diverting sightseeing vacation to Europe.
Will make you, too, feel like you're experiencing head trauma.
The jury's still out on whether or not Langdon will return for another cinematic adventure, but if he does, perhaps it's time to let "Inferno" mark the end of Hanks and Howard's involvement, and let somebody else light a new spark with the franchise.
Pointless twaddle.
Inferno needs to move like a shot, but it crawls like an exhausted toddler.
Fans of Tom Hanks, of the books, or of the movies made from the books will likely find Inferno an acceptable amusement for the usual reasons of loyalty and familiarity. All others should consider themselves warned.
When the climactic chase has kicked into high gear, there's a striking scene of orchestra players performing on white platforms over what appears to be a pool of blood; the whole movie is like that, a combination of high culture and cheese.
You'll feel as if you were punched in the face, locked into one of those escape rooms and forced to watch other people solve cryptic clues you can't possibly understand
Howard and Hanks are certainly capable of better than this.
Not especially interesting as a piece of art, but as a reflection of our collective yearning for a world controlled by competent adults, it's fascinating.
More of the same, though less fun than the last installment, unless you thrill to incoherence.
"Inferno" doesn't rock the boat, it simply paddles along with a little more efficiency, mindful of longtime fans who've enjoyed the previous adaptations.
The Da Vinci Code was adequate but forgettable. Angels & Demons was godawful. Inferno is somewhere in between - watchable but by no means worth the money and effort necessary to see it theatrically.
"Inferno" takes itself way too seriously, even for a movie in which the quarry is a ticking time bomb in the form of a virus that, once unleashed, will kill half the planet.
It is hard to overstate how bad this abysmal film is.
A dull end to a very uneven trilogy.
In his third performance as Langdon, Hanks has little to do but look distressed, bewildered or flabbergasted. His greatest acting challenge may have been keeping a straight face.
When it was all over, I found myself googling Dante for my own clue as to what I just suffered: "He who knows most grieves most for wasted time."
Hanks is one of the most likable actors on the planet. But Inferno just lays there onscreen, pancake-flat and with no animating spark to make us give a damn.
Howard seems to have forgotten that the Langdon stories are supposed to be puzzles, brain-teasing mysteries. Here, the symbology that Langdon does is so absurdly esoteric, and so beside the point, the audience stops following the clues.
If we're Dante, Tom Hanks is Virgil and Inferno is Hell.
For a while, the movie distances itself from the first two films thanks to a breakneck opening pace, only to turn into the Dan Browniest Dan Brown adaptation to date.
If you thought Ron Howard's first two adventures based on Dan Brown's best-selling Robert Langdon novels came off moderately stagy and cumbersome, "Inferno" feels like a bad acid trip through a globe-trotting James Bond movie.
A big, dumb mountain of fluff that boggles the mind with its sheer volume and range of foolishness.
I can't say I liked "Inferno," but its shabbiness has its own bizarre pleasures that have little to do with the execution and are entirely dependent on one's tolerance for airport-novel pap.
Irrfan Khan is Inferno's secret weapon. Whether ordering a faraway assassination from his floating HQ or drily doing a whack job himself, you never see him sweat. What a relief. We've sweated enough.
Inferno is a series of competent chases and creep-arounds linked by rushed explanations of doomsday theology. Even Hanks appears tired of faking Langdon's incredulity, deducing out loud then hi-yo away to the next tell-tale museum or cathedral.
As presented on screen, none of this gels as it should. The plot is so confusing that it's hard to follow, even when it's being explained ...
It all feels like a ridiculously expensive, high-stakes reality-show scavenger hunt, with a preposterously contrived plot twist.
Hopefully, Inferno marks the end of the Robert Langdon movies. They fail as adaptations, they fail as thrillers, they fail as a showcase for Tom Hanks' talent.
The multiple twists, double-crosses and leaps in logic are more likely to prompt giggles than gasps.
The kind of movie that stops - and stoops - to explain, early and often. Not that the explanations amount to much; the movie makes almost no sense.
"Inferno" is the exact cinematic equivalent of an airport paperback, which is what's fine and forgettable about it.
When do the Dan Brown adaptations stop?
This is a franchise with lead weights tied around its ankles.
You want an audience to care about the fate of the protagonist, no matter what the situation? Cast Tom Hanks. You want a young actress who can suggest fierce intelligence and conviction? Cast Felicity Jones.
The plot twists are both far-fetched and perfunctory, the performances are bland and the frenetic shooting style is ill-suited for the generally staid Howard.
Brown's stories are defined by their almost surreal fuddiness, a mix of conspiracy-nut mumbo jumbo and banality that is more or less encapsulated by the idea of something called "Ron Howard's Inferno."
Another heaping helping of hopeless hokum from the team of Brown, Howard and Hanks-a scavenger hunt of historical nonsense and thriller clichés...But you can't complain, since it does advertise itself as hellish punishment.
Inferno is an entirely illogical thriller filled with historical babble and endless chases. The third time is certainly not the charm for Director Ron Howard and Tom Hanks.
Inferno feels every bit like the second sequel in an exhausted franchise, stunted by unfocused storytelling and a blandness that's almost sleep-inducing.
If all you want is a chase movie punctuated by gunfire, puzzle-solving and at least one twist per character, Inferno is that. But I can't say I was ever on the edge of my seat.
One gets the general sense that almost nobody wants to be here, and they're all eying the Tuscan countryside for a weekend getaway.
Won't be for everyone, but those who have stuck through Howard and Hanks' previous Dan Brown adaptations should find enough thrills to keep them interested in solving the mystery.
The chase, chase, chase pace is tiring, not least because it's not clear who many of these people are and what agendas they're following.
When screenwriter David Koepp isn't chained to the silly, Dante-related discoveries forcing the film forward, there's fun to be had.
[Ron Howard] remains as ever the reliable journeyman, doing what he can to keep the race-the-clock thriller genre alive in the age of steroid superheroes.
Handsome Italian and Turkish locations aside, it looks cheap, rushed, edited to get this over with, not to untangle the book's convoluted plot.
Howard keeps the pedal pressed firmly to the metal. If only he had taken time to glance in his rearview mirror, he might have noticed he's left much of his audience behind.
Sometimes Howard cuts to images of pained souls writhing in unending anguish. Sometimes Hanks can't remember anything that happened. I understood them. I envied him.
Even with a wealth of talent involved, Inferno is missing some serious heat.
[Howard and Hanks] focused on trying to keep the three-quel as simple but still pacey and surprising as possible. But in doing that, they cut corners everywhere.
Inferno begs to be made fun of, but it's impossible to do so given how Ron Howard reduces the material to a dull spectacle of earnest puzzle-solving.
Easily, the most accessible, engaging, entertaining and cinematic adaptation of a Dan Brown thriller yet!
For the most part, this is a series of frenetic chases through tourist hot spots. They come in such quick succession, you might not examine the big twist until you're on your way home. As it makes roughly zero sense, this is a good thing.
Inferno may not have the zeitgeisty draw of its predecessors, but for those who haven't read the book, it's a diverting caper with a familiar face.
I've felt fondly towards Tom Hanks' Professor Robert Langdon ever since he paused, wild-eyed, while fleeing for his life in The Da Vinci Code, to say to his equally distraught companion: "I've got to get to a library. Fast!"
Inferno feels like a retread of the Da Vinci Code, just with an emphasis on clumsily teaching the audience all about Dante instead of Leonardo.
The greatest puzzle surrounding Tom Hanks' latest foray into Dan Brown territory is just how these films continue to get made.
The result is a solid, but rather unimaginative thriller that keeps us guessing until the credits roll but leaves us with nothing much left to ruminate over on the drive/train ride home.
Inferno is a two-hour travelogue that ultimately goes nowhere.
When Virgil led Dante down into the pit, he taught him that sins of intemperance, violence - against self, against God, were the worst man could do, but it looks as though Ron Howard saw that as a challenge.
We'd rather just watch Tom Hanks wander the great museums of the world with a Go-Pro strapped to his head and hear him whisper interesting tidbits and trivia.
If you found the other two adaptations uninteresting, soulless and overall preposterous, well, Inferno won't be much of an upgrade.
Although Inferno might be considered as a good adaptation of the novel, is not worth it. The film is just entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
It's ridiculous but watchable, if a little late to its own party.
The crucial plot twist happens until half of the film and after that, the film fails at attempting to inject new vitality to the story. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining film, but unfortunately is the weakest of the trilogy. [Full review in Spanish]
Completely absurd, ultimately pointless, but also gloriously goofy: a Nancy Drew mystery with Scooby-Doo overtones and a thin veneer of bookishness.
As a viewing experience, it is both wearisome and stressful, like being lectured on Dante at gunpoint.
Inferno is a relatively diverting, well-shot piece of work that manages to keep interest levels high for the two-hour running time.
A film for Dan Brown fans as effective as a switch to save humanity. [Full review in Spanish]
Brown's novels have never resisted adaptation to the big screen and Ron Howard's Inferno is no exception. [Full review in Spanish]
An absurd thriller that remains below the prequels. [Full review in Spanish]
Inferno is a strained attempt to capitalise on Robert Langdon's popularity and a far cry from the fast-paced and edge-of-the-seat stuff we have come to expect from the Brown-Howard-Hanks combine.
On the plus side there's no putting up with Brown's infernal prose.
Inferno is the best Dan Brown film so far. It is also unforgivably dreadful from start to finish.
Howard all too often fails to stage key scenes with the clarity they require, adding to the confusion.
It takes real effort to make a film as heroically awful as Inferno, so if nothing else Ron Howard and Tom Hanks deserve credit for their ongoing commitment to bringing the Dan Brown-sourced franchise to the big screen in such dire fashion.
The movie the book deserves.
While the ever-game star jogs around quaint European landmarks with a look of mild consternation, director Ron Howard struggles to inject real urgency into proceedings.
Silly plot. Fancy locations.
Inferno offers more of the same: preposterous plotting without the saving grace of a tongue anywhere near a cheek.
You suspect the cinema world has not seen the last of Robert Langdon.
It took substantial self-control to resist making fire jokes, but it's now or never, so here goes. Inferno, despite the best efforts of an always-dependable Tom Hanks, burns up in a raging fireball.
This third adaptation of a mega-selling Dan Brown religio-thriller doesn't have the novelty of The Da Vinci Code or the exploding priests of Angels and Demons, but it does make for another entertaining, proficiently mounted follow-the-clues chase caper.
It lives up to the book that inspired it: it's agile, moderately entertaining, maddeningly silly and is promptly forgotten a few minutes after its ending. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Gone are the clever, fake-academic revelations and rather wacky action antics, and in their place are clues that feel utterly irrelevant, accompanied by fights and chases that are incoherent.
A rare thing in cinema history -- the third part in a movie franchise that's actually better than the preceding instalments.
Hanks is a very fine actor but Langdon is one of his most thankless roles.
That all this nonsense is kept to exactly two hours makes Inferno less of a timewaster than its overstuffed predecessors; it doesn't, however, make it any less of a waste of talent, creative energy or your hard-earned disposable income.
A psychological and religious thriller that is also conventional and lacks irony or risk. [Full review in Spanish]
There are few ideas of any kind here, beyond the moral dilemma of whether it's worth wiping out large parts of humanity to save the planet - a question that has only one possible answer.
Where the previous films fell on the right side of enjoyable airport paperback junkiness, Inferno is mostly just junk.
The one thing that can't be said about Howard's film is that it doesn't do justice to Brown's book: it absolutely does, which is the entire problem, and arguably one that any halfway-faithful adaptation could never avoid.
Despite a few heavy-handed attempts to jazz things up visually, Inferno, as with its two prequels, is basically the exact cinematic equivalent of its Dan Brown airport novel inspirations.
Overall, it offers an aesthetically and cerebrally satisfying way to while away a couple of hours this weekend.
Seems that Brown found the formula to catch the reader addicted to light fiction. The kind that make the waiting at airports more bearable. [Full review in Spanish]
...a solid piece of entertainment whose deficiencies came attached at the source.
Just over a month ago, Tom Hanks was Sully. Now he's just silly.
A dull, predictable story populated with half-drawn characters, speaking hideously cheesy dialogue and an outcome that is inevitable from the off.
Watching it feels like signing up to a tour group visiting the sites of Brown's less popular works and you're not allowed off the bus.
A film with a minimum of the entertainment factor necessary to justify its existence and nothing else. [Full review in Spanish]
Not as bad as the 'Da Vinci Code', but is not even entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that could've been more but its narrative is better than the previous films from the saga. [Full review in Spanish]
This film very much remains in the same universe as what preceded it, on a similar level, both in terms of quality and tonally, to both of Langdon's previous two big screen outings.
If you excised all the shots of people running in Ron Howard's Inferno, the film's entire run time would amount to roughly four minutes.
Robert Langdon's had a haircut but the third instalment in his film saga is just as shaggy as The Da Vinci Code... Donald Trump might call these flicks "low energy" and fact-checkers would have to give him the tick.
Efficiently made,, this third film in Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code franchise is filled with plot twists and surprises, always relying on the solid central presence of Tom Hanks, whose credibility and vulnerability is an asset to any film
I kept hoping a Wayans brother would pop in and signal it was all one big genre parody, and when you're fervently wishing for a Wayans, you know you're in trouble.
Purgatorio is maybe closer to it - something bad is happening, not the full Inferno, but it could be the gateway to the Paradiso of this fantastically boring film actually coming to an end.
Our not-desperately-dynamic duo trundle from one European gallery to another, sharing easily digestible info-nuggets about Dante.
Having already taken two rides on the Dan Brown merry-go-round, shouldn't this have been the one where Ron finally got it right?
It's not the worst of the trilogy, but this is less for fans of thrillers and more for people who are pining after last year's holiday to Florence.
Arguably the best in the franchise so far.
Howard keeps the viewer constantly occupied, Felicity Jones is an engaging sidekick, and there's clearly a lot more mileage left for Tom Hanks in this franchise's tank ...
Fundamentally silly the film may be, but it never graduates to spryness.

@highlight

Senselessly frantic and altogether shallow, Inferno sends the Robert Langdon trilogy spiraling to a convoluted new low.