I was glad to see them again, but it's probably time for them to go get their lives fully together now
While there's no mistaking a Harold & Kumar movie for something that's going win an Oscar, movie fans shouldn't be so quick to dismiss these 21st century incarnations of Cheech and Chong as purely shallow entertainment.
Seriously, someday you guys are going to sober up, catch this on video and wonder what gave you the giggles all those White Castle runs ago.
Falls short of being a holiday classic or an enjoyable 3D experience - meaning, in the end, it's little more than another Harold and Kumar film.
A funny, memorable romp through metafictional sequel land, and a pleasingly Christmasy grossout film to boot.
What started as a beautiful one-off, extended in a pretty decent sequel, has now grown gray at the edges.
Cho and Penn continue to be a likable pair who work well off each other and it's fun to spend time with them, even in the movie's off moments.
Funny in spots, but the story and characters have almost nowhere to go. The direction feels aimless and crafted like a DTV film. In other words, this is an enormously disappointing threequel.
The "let's find a Christmas tree" plot is more in the vein of the original than the outlandish Guantanamo Bay plot was, and the Cho/Penn chemistry remains charming.
A raunchy and religiously-incorrect roller coaster ride for the very-open minded, not to be mistaken for one of those sentimental Christmas yarns you usually see during the holiday season.
For me, this was the best 'Harold & Kumar' film yet. Unfortunately, the film still comes off as too juvenile in its humor to have pleased this adult for very long.
An extended bit featuring a strung-out toddler borders on offensive and isn't amusing in the slightest, so much of the picture leaving me as cold as an Arctic winter.
The strain to continually push the envelope of altered-state-friendly absurdity is starting to show.
They keep the tone just right, and the strong, external humor by original writers Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg sustains it.
The dialogue isn't snappy while the physical comedy is predictable
It's mostly unfunny, stupid and juvenile.
Few will find all of it funny, a fair number will find none of it so, and some will exit in high dudgeon.
Not nearly as subversive as it purports to be, but fittingly witty and wintry nonetheless.
Want to make manchildren laugh? Blow some weed smoke out at them in 3D. Call something 'Avatarded' as a compliment. Get a baby high. Throw in a subplot about a 'hot virgin I met on the Internet' who's horny for a manchild...
Although the humour is patchy, when the laughs hit they hit hard, slyly sending-up holiday season conventions...
A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas's slacker posturing belies a rare comedic rigour. It takes brains to be this thick.
It all remains on the light-hearted, harmless and inoffensive side despite bad-taste gags and gory Yuletide violence.
Enjoyable, occasionally inventive and frequently funny stoner comedy threequel that succeeds thanks to a witty script, loveable characters and winning performances from its two leads.
In A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas, you are reminded that Harold and Kumar have penises -- again and again.
For all its pretensions to bad taste, this is surprisingly heartwarming festive fare.
There are a lot of laughs lurking within the shiny 3D wrapping and snow-covered silliness.
I went in expecting: a stupid Christmas movie that had way too much fun being egregiously in 3D...and I got that.
During the holiday season, it's joints to the world!
Just have fun with the movie, embrace it with premature Christmas cheer.
Thank goodness for NPH. His appearance wakes up the film and makes things fun for a while.
I guess if you roll out enough jokes, the odds are with you to get some laughs, at least. Just some laughs are not enough for "A Very H&K 3D Christmas."
a bong that has been hit one time too many
Lots of fun.
Offers rolling-paper-thin female characters. Ethnic stereotypes are lazily snowballed at us. And it has the usual boring, hokey spirit-of-the-season moments.
Cho and Penn's genial rapport, and the picturesque three-dimensioning of plumes of pot smoke and cocaine flurries? Sure. But those pleasures are fleeting -- gone, if you will, with the weed.
More or less defines the word "superfluous."
The laughs may not be as strong as they were the first time, and the sense of discovering something fantastically illicit may have faded to mellow, familiar charms that come with the occasional giggle fit, but that's life as a stoner comedy.
The film's aim at being shocking is generally undercut by how cheerfully foolish it all is.
Funnier than Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay, but for all the offensiveness, it's family-values to the core.
It contains the mother of all blunts, which, wouldn't ya know, burns down the Christmas tree that Harold's glowering father-in-law grew from a sapling.
All I want for Christmas is a ban on any further Harold and Kumar movies
The best possible Christmas movie/pot movie hybrid: low-key and friendly and goofy without ever being deliberately mean.
This film will stuff your stocking with profane, perverse, politically incorrect glee.
A foul, hilarious and surprisingly heartwarming holiday experience that utilizes its eye-popping technology to take gross out humor to a new level.
Surrealistic, in an agreeably stupid way.
The writing is sharp, unflinchingly funny as it slyly extols family values while using the sort of crass trappings that send the stiff-necked and the sanctimonious into fits of apoplexy
Although still not as fun as the original, fans should enjoy this one better than the preachy second installment (more so if they're slightly blitzed).
If there's a complaint to be made, it's that the humor could be less scattershot.
Those who find 'child endangerment drug humor' offensive should stay away, as the film has plenty more to throw at you including...the trash talk of series secret weapon Neil Patrick Harris, who says things about Clay Aiken I wouldn't want to quote.
Not a classic by any means, but still an enjoyable enough comedy for those not easily offended.
Of course it's offensive and crude. It's also hilarious at times.
It hasn't quite jumped the doobie yet, but the shtick is getting tired.
In its shaggy, pleasure-bombed, '80s-meets-2011 way, A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas is a deft and generous comedy...
As usual, the high point is the arrival of Neil Patrick Harris, reprising his role as an obscene, drug-addled version of himself.
Simultaneously mocking and pimping out the 3D gimmick trend, this chapter may be the weakest in the series, but it's still enjoyable with plenty of outrageous laughs.
The move was made for no other reason to be stupid, obnoxious, offensive, rude, crude and absolutely hilarious.
4 out of 5 reindeers prefer this sequel to #2. As rude and wild as expected, frankly it's surprising that the filmmakers didn't go in for 3D chests and nuts roasting on an open fire.
This third movie, a proudly unambitious buddy comedy, brings the franchise back to home turf, both geographically and thematically.
At a spare 89 minutes, it's barely worth getting high for.
Harold & Kumar is all about Cho and Penn, who make the doofus duo into likable, harmless, upbeat characters who happen to be blasted a good deal of the time. 3D Christmas is proudly ridiculous stuff.
... a lively and rambunctious return to these wonderfully wacky stoners.
This latest installment in the pot comedy franchise is not as good as White Castle but still provides enough laughs and raunchiness to keep fans happy.
A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas has lots of - um - highs, very few lows.
It's one of those comedies in which if one joke falls flat for you, it's mere seconds before the writers are trying something different. Every time the film threatens to collapse, the sheer manic nature of the piece saves it.
The latest Harold & Kumar is a symphony of pristine ridiculousness, rendered in the third dimension.
Raucous, crude stoner comedy is funny but not for kids.
3D Christmas pushes the envelope of tastelessness while maintaining a cheery holiday glow.
Despite the pacing, a few scenes that aren't as funny as the filmmakers think they are and the feeling that the movie was ten minutes too short, A Very Harold and Kumar 3D Christmas is a fine return to form for the duo.
Predictable stoner mischief is less cute when it features men in their late-30s.
The resulting hodge-podge of low-brow gags and winking humor is surprisingly spirited, and has the distinct advantage of not being as immediately dated as half of the humor in Guantanamo already is.
'Harold & Kumar' are naughty and nice.
Get your Santa hats on and buckle up for the latest adventure of Harold & Kumar. It's the stocking stuffer that you have been waiting for.
Utterly stupid, not to mention rude, crude and irreverent in the extreme, A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas is exactly what the fans are hungering for.
The third installment still reads as angry, but the ire comes across as self-loathing, the filmmakers unable to mask their cynicism about their own project.
This latest in the raunchy, pot-infused franchise hits new "high" marks as it bestows a terrific Christmas present on fun-seeking, broad-minded filmgoers young and old, brainy and brainless, who share an aversion to "tea parties" and dumb prejudices.
Even though Christmas doesn't hit the comic highs of White Castle, the sketches are consistently funnier than the ones in the last movie, Escape From Guantanamo Bay.
A feeling of routine is the last thing this series needs, but it's the only thing A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas offers.
Would it be too much to ask for an all-NPH spinoff? I think he's more than earned it. Otherwise, definitely an improvement over the abysmal Guantanamo installment.
A movie that refuses to take itself seriously and manages to find a few outrageous taboos to make fun of...uses 3D with more imagination and wit than any other film so far.
Cho and Penn still make for a winning comedy team, Neil Patrick Harris's willingness to subvert his public persona is refreshing as always.
It's pretty much one ridiculous set-piece after another, and you absolutely don't need to be wasted to enjoy them.
This movie is so mischievous, you might have to be Gandhi or Mother Theresa to get off of Santa's naughty list after buying a ticket.
Man, it's like hilarious, right? Except, um, no, it's not. It's really, really not.
While not as funny as the original, 2004's "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle," it's still a modest improvement over the 2008 sequel, "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay."
Goes out of its way to offend virtually everyone, including Mexicans, Jews, African- Americans and especially evangelical Christians.
Neil Patrick Harris makes a quip that he'll see the guys in the fourth feature. Let's put a stop to that notion right now. That's all I want for Christmas, dudes.
It leaves no stone unturned in its quest to gang-rape the holiday season (and I mean that in the best possible way).
Funny to its core and filmed in gloriously rendered, over the top 3D, "A Very Harold and Kumar 3D Christmas" is full of the humor fans of the previous films have come to expect.
By embracing the inherent silliness of what's still a gimmick at heart, the filmmakers manage to use 3D far more effectively than most other films in the fad's current revival.
Rather than ho-ho-ho, 'A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas' will likely elicit no-no-no among the non-stoned (Parental Movie Review also available)
This movie will make a lot of money, once again proving the wisdom of H. L. Mencken that no one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people.
Perhaps this viewer has become a victim of desensitization, but what might have come off as shocking a decade or less ago now has a bland, "been-there-done-that" air to it. It's definitely not the gut-buster it thinks it is.
The 'more of the same' mandate may satisfy fans of middling marijuana jokes, but can't really justify a third film that's visually ambitious but comedically burnt out.
If the sight of a baby covered in powdered cocaine offends you, you are an idiot for having gone to a Harold and Kumar movie.
The laughs aren't quite as consistent and you kind of get the feeling that Kal Penn and John Cho are outgrowing this stuff, but it nevertheless delivers for fans of the stoner now-trilogy.
Has there ever been a film where a toddler gets stoned, coked up and trips on ecstasy? Yeah, that's kind of love-it-or-hate-it humor we're in for.
By now, Cho and Penn have got their Asian-American Abbott-and-Costello routine down so cold, they're a pleasure to spend time with even if the proceedings are less than inspired.
(S)omething for everyone, if everyone is looking for... Santa dealing weed, a coked-up infant... and Danny Trejo as the father-in-law-to-be from Hell. I didn't think I was looking for that but found it. And heaven help me, it wasn't bad.
After two uneven predecessors, this threequel finally elevates its titular duo to the realm of ganja-comedy icons.
So unabashed about the way it approaches the material that the filmmakers are almost laughing along with the audience at the sheer ridiculousness of what they're getting away with.
This isn't high art, but the return of screenwriters Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg is a good sign
Harold and Kumar's Christmas movie is silly, if uneven, fun. While it mocks 3-D technology, it also makes relatively fresh use of it and qualifies as the most ambitious of the trio of films.
A fourth Harold & Kumar? Who knows. But the third one finally wears down the disapproval of reluctant viewers with its cheerful demeanor and a late heart transplant.
I'm sad to report that Harold and Kumar have lost much of whatever it was that made them so great in the first place.
It has some big laughs but not enough of them.
Goes through all the expected motions, but without much energy, and the tastelessness comes across as mere calculation.
H&K are past their sell-by date. Way past.
A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas lacks the freewheeling, generous spirit of the first two Harold & Kumar movies and tries to make up for that lack with extra crudeness.
Two cheers for Harold & Kumar 3D.
Leave it to a "Harold & Kumar'' movie to expose modern 3-D for the tawdry gimmick it is while understanding that's at least half the enjoyment.
an antidote to all the glad tidings and false figgy pudding merriment
[VIDEO] Although it doesn't get as ribald as it should, "A Very Harold & Kumar Christmas" takes its penis and exposed breasts scenes with a proper sense of irreverence.
Not only did I laugh, I was finally convinced that the film's heart, such as it is, was in the right place.
This third film in the Harold & Kumar franchise is inordinately jacked up with visual effects and peppy holiday music, but nothing can disguise the fact that this series has run out of steam.
I saw it sober, so I don't think it measures up to the original, but it does preserve the franchise's multiethnic flavor and lowbrow appeal, although it seems more "Cheech and Chong" than ever.
The makers of the comedy fully understand that 3D is a gimmick much overused these days. And understanding that, they overuse it themselves in such a way as to cannily comment on the clichéd nature of the gimmick...
A mildly diverting naughty comedy, lacking the pure comic nastiness of Bad Santa or the sheer audacity of Up in Smoke.
[A] relentless barrage of tasteless gags, most of them damned funny.
"A Very Harold & Kumar 3-D Christmas" is what you would expect from the third film in an unlikely franchise: less of the same.
Spreading tidings of good cheer -- along with the occasional joke about coked-up toddlers -- this 3D sequel is a manic, uneven comedy that just barely hits more than it misses.
Harold and Kumar is gleefully offensive to all. You'll never look at babies or waffles the same way again.
The 3-D only makes the general not-funniness that much closer.
Funny and playful ... As a stoner comedy wrapped in a feel-good holiday movie stuffed into a male fantasy, the fire still burns.
Seriously, someday you guys are going to sober up, catch this on video and wonder what gave you the giggles all those White Castle runs ago.
The filmmakers throw everything at the audience, literally and metaphorically, and the results are exhilarating rather than exhausting.
It's not that I was particularly offended; it's that I didn't laugh very much.
A raunchy and religiously-incorrect roller coaster ride for the very-open minded, not to be mistaken for one of those sentimental Christmas yarns you usually see during the holiday season.

@highlight

Still raunchy, still irreverent, and still hit-and-miss, this Harold &amp; Kumar outing also has a Christmas miracle: The audience gets to see the sweeter side of the duo.