I doubt I'll enjoy any movie I see in the rest of 2015 as much as Finders Keepers.
"Maintains a brilliant balance of comedy and tragedy."
[Finders Keepers] is about a crutch that a person can use to justify a behavior cycled over and over, whipping friends and family into the centrifuge of celebrity, delusion, and self-pity.
Bryan Carberry and Clay Tweel's documentary, opening the lid on the lives of the two men at odds over this oddity, discovers a lump-in-the-throat poignancy as it re-appraises just how hard it can be to pick up the pieces of a life.
A film exploring the undoing of two men, the strange circumstances that see their lives interconnect, and the qualities we've come to value as a society.
The film is a hodge-podge of archive clips and interview material but it just about gels and a host of smaller scale family stories round it out nicely.
Finders Keepers is an entertaining documentary worth your time.
It's a richer portrait than we might expect in an abysmal era of reality TV.
It's a complex portrait of class conflict, sad family legacies, and the dangerous allure of the spotlight.
Finders Keepers has the sort of plot that no screenwriter in his or her right mind would ever dream up.
One of those loopy tales that can be squarely filed in the "stranger than fiction" category.
Somewhere at the intersection of reality TV and a Coen Brothers picture lies Finders Keepers -- as peculiar and entertaining a story as you're likely to find.
It is a strange tale and, I have to admit, an original one.
Filmmakers Bryan Carberry and Clay Tweel, over the film's quick 84 minutes, find some humanity and pathos in the story, which eventually takes an unexpectedly heartwarming turn.
At times, the story seems headed toward an expected conclusion, but every time it feels like things should be wrapping up, some new hurdle arises to be overcome.
"Finders Keepers" isn't as funny as it sounds but it sure is a twisty tale, one that garnered international attention.
Finders Keepers is that horrible, disastrous, and massacre-inducing train wreck that you can't look away from. It's similar to an episode of "Jerry Springer" if it had more of a cohesive story, stronger characters, and a massive dose of heart.
[A] jaw-dropping oddity.
All totaled, the documentary about inequality, entitlement, male success, and the struggle to feel significant in America is entertaining and insightful.
[Carberry and Tweel] turn this odd story into something surprisingly touching about and compassionate toward these people.
Carberry and Tweel never condescend to their hella-Southern subjects. And that's why Finders Keepers gives them a leg to stand on.
If you're in the mood for a tragicomic documentary, the startlingly original "Finders Keepers" fills the bill.
You might not think that a documentary about two men fighting over a severed leg would be funny, touching, and insightful, but it is.
What starts out as a freak show ends up a poignant tale of tragedy, redemption, and the boon of taxidermy.
The most arresting aspect of this documentary by far is Whisnant's very candid and unapologetic treatment of the dispute, asserting his rights as a buyer and using any creative opportunity to make the best out of his unusual fortune.
What could easily be a silly saga or a simple indictment of the culture of fame becomes something diabolically more insightful and uplifting.
Finders Keepers sees the tragedy in Whisnant's egomania. As he agrees to a tacky reality show, we realize he's peddling something more valuable than a leg - he's selling his soul.
What starts out alternately comic and catastrophic ends in unforeseen poignancy in "Finders Keepers," a documentary that proves that truth is stranger than fiction. Way stranger.
An easy contender for one of the funniest docs of all time...It's gut-busting, can't-breathe funny, but introspective and knowing as well.
It's one of the weirdest stories put to film this year, but it's what makes it familiar that makes it haunting.
A fantastic story that touches upon all-American notions of celebrity, redemption, family, justice, class, meme culture-all which came together with a kooky news segment.
It's a wild yarn, but that's all Finders Keepers aspires to be; its gestures toward any statements about class and micro-celebrity are fleeting and half-hearted.
A rich tale of two colourful North Carolina men whose legal wrangling over one of their amputated legs becomes a springboard for social commentary about our fame-mad times, as well as a moving portrait of broken lives and uneasy second chances.
An epic battle over an amputated leg.
In 82 svelte minutes, Finders Keepers encapsulates something ineffable about the modern American experience.
As Finders Keepers gets weirder, it also gets better and deeper.
Hysterical, insightful and genuinely empathetic ...
The bittersweet conclusion of Finders Keepers suggests that the important question is not whether we can retrieve what is lost or fulfill impossible dreams, but how we respond to those failures.
As the filmmakers follow the story over seven years, the movie becomes richer and more empathetic. The events are absurd, but the emotions merely human.
Shockingly funny, weirdly touching ...
Finders Keepers takes the ludicrous true-life story of two North Carolina men fighting over possession of a mummified leg and slowly unpacks it to find genuine pathos and sorrow.
Deeper than a mere "laugh at the stupid hillbillies" documentary.
... presents a persuasive case for both of them to keep the wayward limb in an uneven but amusing look at media sensationalism and redneck eccentricities.
One of the strangest but most effective character studies we've seen in years.
"Finders Keepers" tries to find the humanity in the absurd, and while it surely has its share of moving moments, the conciliation of the sensational and profound is hard to reconcile.
The strangest documentary of the year is a sensational tango of ego, entitlement, and obsession over one man's gnarled, fleshy, discolored foot.

@highlight

As bizarrely hilarious as it is insightful, Finders Keepers is a stranger-than-fiction gem of a documentary that transcends its oddball trappings.