Mehta explores the politics of religion to highlight how religious hypocrisy is used to ensure women are undermined and made subservient for economic purposes.
Powerful tale that unfortunately fails to provide any kind of real historical context for the oppression of Indian widows.
Perhaps the adversity of making the movie allowed the filmmakers and actors to empathize more fully with the subject and characters of Water.
... the incidence of violence against women at home or in institutions give Mehta's 1938 tale a currency that confirms the old notion "actions change, but attitudes do not."
One of the best films of the year.
Surprisingly, not much has changed in the last 70 years. The tradition of sequestering widows continues in India. Mehta deserves praise for spotlighting this situation. WATER is one of the year's best films.
Though it's a story told with feminist sensitivity, it's also the most relevant perspective for such injustice to women.
Full of lush, fluid cinematography and evocative music, Water is an important look at a social injustice, and Mehta's most accomplished film yet.
... gorgeous and heartbreaking... full of glorious, unforgettably pretty images... But they do not overpower Mehta's involving drama or the exceptionally fine performances of her stars...
Quite possibly the best picture of the year thus far, with no fewer than three of the most luminous female performances I have ever seen onscreen.
Controversial for exposing the rigidity of the Hindu religion.
Mehta prevailed, and this scandalous, beautiful and very moving tale of repression, hope and a tragedy is her triumph, and Hindu India's shame.
Water simmers at the injustice heaped upon these women because of religious tradition.
Both a high-minded glossy soap opera, in the tradition of a Darryl F. Zanuck forbidden-love potboiler like 'Island in the Sun,' and a fierce expose of the mistreatment of women encouraged by fundamentalist religious tradition...
For those who can accept Mehta's approach, it's a remarkably rewarding film.
All the pat plotting and discourse in the world can't extinguish the fire of a film this well-intended, sensitively acted and beautifully filmed.
The movie's sentimental vision rests on the flimsy idea that 'real' religion never sanctions cruelty.
...you're an observer to a real dialogue and not merely a viewer in an audience watching a scripted drama and plot unfold.
A heartbreaking prism through which to understand the absurdity and cruelty of this practice.
It slowly builds in emotional power.
Haunting and outraged, it's a compelling cry against inhumanity.
This is one of those great foreign films that you wish Hollywood would make so more people would go see them.
A lovely and compelling film.
Works on a large, almost operatic, scale but, instead of seeing its world in simplistic terms of heroes and villains, it's a tapestry of immensely complex characters motivated by historic forces and quirks of personality.
Beautiful yet sad, a tale drenched in centuries of stagnant, holy water that cleanses the body but putrefies the soul.
Mehta has made a film of jaw-dropping beauty and eye-opening insight. It's not to be missed.
Unfolds with the clean, simple lines of a fairy tale, and if the characters initially seem to be too black-or-white to be believable, the moral complexity of the story reveals itself in a gradual, subtle manner.
In an elemental way ... the film always works.
Ebbs and flows with devastating truths and profound insights into the hypocrisy of extremism in any religion.
Mehta's film is courageous and reticent, a shout masquerading as a whisper.
Reminds us that Mehta is a filmmaker of courage -- she refused to abandon this film even after fundamentalist protestors shut down the production in India -- and singular style, telling stories that have never been told on screen.
Mehta's most powerful film to date
You'll leave the theater with a lot to think about, especially regarding the plight of women around the globe.
[Mehta's] graceful direction keeps Water from feeling like medicine.
Packs a punch that is difficult to parry.
The humane and courageous clarity of Mehta's storytelling works on you like a hard spring rain.
The final chapter in Mehta's feminist trilogy (Fire, Earth), is, alas, the weakest.
Every moment that is exquisite here... is tinged with a profound melancholy... For every beautiful moment... there is an ugly counterpart...
an unforgettable film of devastating beauty
Detailed and graced with irreverent humor and fine performances, Mehta's film deals powerful blows to economic injustice and misogyny.
Below its surface, Water isn't about religion, politics or even India. It's about timeless and universal divides between people, when humanity is eclipsed by self-serving subjugation.
It levels its criticisms within a climate of respect, a combination that creates a work of true humanity.
The film is lovely in the way Satyajit Ray's films are lovely. It sees poverty and deprivation as a condition of life, not an exception to it, and finds beauty in the souls of its characters.
Succeeds in its central goal: to turn a forgotten class of women into real, memorable human beings who deserve a different life.
Tedious as a high-school health-class movie
It is superb and strange at once, a discreet and self-disciplined attack dog of a movie.
Profound, passionate and overflowing with incomparable beauty.
Water runs deep because Mehta is an able -- if somewhat gloomy -- storyteller.
Water doesn't fully capture the pain and hardship of these repressed women, but it's a powerful saga of the suppressive force of certain cultural customs.
Like India's greatest filmmaker, Satyajit Ray, Mehta is a great pure-hearted storyteller and a maker of shining naturalistic images.
a tribute to all the dispossessed in our world and an amplification of their silent screams
It's a heartbreaking film, and we can see why the powers that be in India are so angry.
Pretty amazing stuff. Pretty incredible movie.
[C]aptivating from the very first frame to the last.
... an important movie that captures the beginning of modern India in scenes of Gandhi preaching his message of freedom.
Taken as a whole, Water presents a damning view of this aspect of fundamental Hinduism.
Lyrical imagery is matched with subtle performances.
... Deepa Mehta's controversial new epic is driven by a scorching urgency whose intensity exceeds even the previous two installments of Mehta's Elements trilogy of Indian romances.
Although Water is easily Ms. Mehta's richest and most complex film, it is still the work of a humanitarian, made with incredible tenderness and real concern for the plight of her female characters.
... a gorgeously shot, melancholy drama about a 7-year-old girl sent to live in a 'widows' house' in 1938 India.
... politically provocative ...
... hitches some of the most irresistible conventions of Hindi movie melodrama to an earnest agenda of social protest.
Watch and be stunned.
Mehta has inspired her cast to rise from one dramatic challenge to another, and her film is charged throughout with the tension between the wisdom of accepting one's lot in life and the urge to resist it.
An exhilarating, intensely moving film of bold, unwavering vision, Water brings Meehta's Elemental Trilogy to a triumphant close.
... the incessant references to Gandhi keep gumming up the class-war love story.
as Chuyia sees this simple pleasure loom so crucially for Auntie, the girl's face shows that she comes of age in a way at once wrenching and inspiring, rendered in details of framing and glimpsing.
...an involving, moving piece of work with the gloss of an old studio epic.
... Water is an exquisite film about the institutionalized oppression of an entire class of women and the way patriarchal imperatives inform religious belief.
Becomes another round of ammo in the argument that a society's unwillingness to adapt to the changes brought on by an evolving, shrinking world causes much of its misery.
Here's yet another example of people confusing an honorable message with a good movie.
Compelling in the way it gradually opens up, beginning as the story of a little girl's plight, wedging in some supporting characters, expanding to add some cultural perspective, and finally encompassing no less than the future of India and its people.
artful in showing the positive side of belief and the negative responses to freedom and free thinking
One of the best movies of the year with its extraordinary depiction of plight of Indian widows and their yearning for liberation.
It could really use a dose of Fire's heat.
This work of gorgeous fury, about the virtual imprisonment of millions of Hindu widows in the years before independence, transforms Mehta's feminist rage into an eloquent testament to the hunger for freedom.
With none of the joyous zest for life we encountered in Fire, or the emotional power from Earth, this intense story set in an ashram for widows almost drowns us with sorrow.
The film's visuals hold almost as much power as its story does.
Unjustly victim to the same religious system to which the main character is faithful, her confines are a strange necessity to her as is the water to the lilies.
'Water' glows from rich and natural lighting, warm and radiant colors, and powerful symbolic imagery.
With "Water," a subdued but moving and emotionally powerful masterpiece, Deepa Mehta ends her "Elements Trilogy" movies.
Deftly balancing epic sociopolitical scope with intimate human emotions, all polished to a high technical gloss, Deepa Mehta's Water is a profoundly moving drama.
Mehta has concocted a potent mix of politics, historical conflict, religion and philosophical questioning.
An exquisite drama brimming with life and laughter and great tenderness and wrenching tragedy.
Both the plot and its symbolism are transparently basic, yet Mehta handles them with a quiet, lyrical assurance.
Mehta's conventional direction fails to do proper justice to this disturbing reality.
Like Bandit Queen and Maya, Water bravely delves into outmoded social traditions of India, thus roiling the waters of religious fundamentalism, which might mean that Deepa Mehta's film will never get past the censors in that country.




@highlight

This compassionate work of social criticism is also luminous, due to both its lyrical imagery and cast.