it has about 40 minutes of story and needs to be padded out to its 99-minute running time
A tasteless and obnoxious "comedy," "Lottery Ticket" is easily one of the year's worst films.
Lottery Ticket is generally harmless; too slight to hold-up the more serious themes it is thinking about, but too well-meaning to be out-and-out insulting.
No doubt the characters are stereotypes, but the performances are handled with a knowing wink and a great deal of fun.
The cast is terrific and the basic premise is pleasing, but a wavering tone robs Lottery Ticket of some of its power.
...shallow, clichéd, sentimental, and derivative; but the cast makes up for the plot's deficiencies with an amiable charm that's hard to resist.
If given the opportunity to see Lottery Ticket again (once was enough!), I'd break down... and buy some lottery tickets instead.
...a sporadically entertaining yet hopelessly uneven comedy that just doesn't work...
It's remarkable how much 18-year-old Kevin has in common with Ice Cube's Craig (from Friday), as well as how few structural or political changes have occurred over the past 15 years.
This Lottery Ticket doesn't pay out.
'Lottery Ticket' is a winner.
A low-budget comedy that's genial, morally sound and wholesome in the Barbershop mode...
Droll but tepid urban-kid-hits-lotto comedy
There are enough stereotypes in here to get Dr. Laura frothing at the mouth -- and enough menace to merit co-writing credit for the Hughes brothers.
For a movie like "Lottery Ticket" to work, viewers have to feel as if they themselves have come out ahead.
With Ice Cube producing, and his regular buddies (Mike Epps, Terry Crews and Charlie Murphy) along for the ride, 'Lottery Ticket' is the latest charming and humorous film from the 'hood.
It all comes off a bit like an extended episode of "Everybody Hates Chris" with really bad language.
The chase scenes -- and there are many -- are well shot with deft comic timing. The rest you can see coming all the way from uptown.
The very likable young leads salvage this broad comedy from complete disaster but you know you're in trouble when Bow Wow is the best thing about a movie.
The silly comedy outweighs everything but under it all is a critical subtext that hardly ever gets a voice in mainstream films marketed to black audiences.
A 'hood comedy with heart.
Let's call it four out of six numbers, with no power bonus. Some payoff, but don't quit your job.
Despite the predictability, the stereotypes and the occasionally overly sentimental moment, it's fun. Honestly, if that's all you get from a movie like this, well, we have a winner.
... only rarely rises to the level of junk ...
Often walks a fine line between madcap appeal and broad characterization.
Lottery Ticket sags in its middle buts its energy, comedy and characters also provide much entertainment.
Funny but stereotypical, overly violent comedy for teens.
...a film that's largely wealthy in incoherence, raising a smile one minute and a cringe the next, until it finally devolves into a 'who-cares' cliché-fest.
The filmmkers work to make the setting a complicated and relatively convincing place, for all its sitcom-ish aspects, and they treat their characters with affection and respect.
[I]f Kevin had been smart, there would be no movie... and no excuse for White and Williams to wallow in the worst sorts of crude stereotypes for reasons only they can know....
Haven't I seen this movie before? I think it came out in 1995 and was co-written by Ice Cube.
A jumble of comedy and drama with a sprinkling of After School Special messaging and some head-scratchingly bad choices.
There's a one-in-a-billion story to Lottery Ticket: Those are the approximate odds against a script this bad making it out of the introductory seminar at film school.
Though the movie looks good and rarely lags on energy, the careless script is filled with tired stereotypes and easy clichés.
Many of these moments work, but the entire package just doesn't quite jell.
Any resemblance to the community-based mayhem of the Friday movies is entirely intentional.
Erik White and Abdul Williams don't reinvent the wheel of fortune in Lottery Ticket, but the director and screenwriter, respectively, deliver a well-plotted, energetically paced story.
A big, vivid supporting cast - including Faheem Najm (a k a the rapper T-Pain) and the comedians Charlie Murphy and Mike Epps - is a strong asset, as are messages about sexual responsibility and charity in the 'hood.
A film so devoid of direction, so offensive in its storytelling and so wholly ignorant to its own philosophy, you would swear it was made by Madea Perry.
Lighten up!
It's just additional proof that those responsible for such horrible films need to win the lottery so that they'll stop subjecting the masses to such offensive and not particularly funny material. (Parental Review also Available)
This genial little fairy tale of a comedy gives us a likable hero and an irresistible fantasy.
White slips the noose around his film's neck with such startling speed it's dead long before I even realized oxygen wasn't getting to its brain.
A classic case of a decent cast trying to make the most out of bad material, but it brings nothing new to the 'urban comedy' than any of the worst Friday knock-offs.
It's easy to get upset with the writer and director of Lottery Ticket for not trying hard enough to deliver a better movie, but the simple fact of the matter is: why should they?
If any of the central characters in Lottery Ticket had a bit of sense, the movie would be over in about five minutes.
The comedy is broad, bordering on offensive, the laughs are few, and the positive message feels tacked on.
It doesn't work all the time, but it's definitely a worthy attempt.
Ice Cube is the only performer worth watching.
Like Kevin's lucky fortune cookie, Lottery Ticket is a sweet treat with a substantive message.
the worst urban comedy in a long time
Except for a few of the cast members' better-than-the-material performances and a nifty opening sequence, the movie would be straight-to-video fare.
White and writer Abdul Williams are determined to squeeze in some social commentary. And while this, too, is mostly familiar stuff, a couple of bits do resonate.
If you have seen Barbershop, Beauty Shop, any of the Friday flicks or every Madea movie, then you've seen Lottery Ticket. Only the names of the stereotypes and reasons for their antics are changed to protect the makers from plagiarism charges.
A formulaic comedy that's enlivened by the high spirits of its supporting players.
While the film starts strong, it suffers from diminishing returns.
Like Barbershop, The Lottery Ticket is about a community as much as it is about a lucky young man who gets in over his head.
There are a couple of good performances and a few funny bits, but mostly the film just bounces back and forth until coming to a flat, trite close.
Turns out you can buy false dreams for the price of a movie ticket too.
Essentially Trading Places by way of Next Friday, Lottery Ticket never rises above formula.
Mostly mistakes frenzy for fun and too often opts for jarring bits of violence...isn't a complete loser, but at best delivers a modest payoff rather than a big jackpot.
If Lottery Ticket had as much conviction as laughs, it could have hit the jackpot.
The premise has potential but the execution is wobbly. At least Mike Epps is funny as a reverend seeking earthly rewards.
Stale and stupid...the script is too haphazard to create tension or momentum. The writing is joke-free, with loud voices and mild vulgarities instead of actual punchlines.
Sweet, and very noisy, ensemble comedy lives up to its premise when it sticks closely to its neighborhood and its characters.
The story would work if it indulged laid-back believability over outlandish characters and easy clichés.
You know what? This movie's good. It's fast, deftly paced and funny, and only some misjudged violence in the last lap keeps it from being better than good.
Almost two-dimensional, definitely heartfelt, and absolutely funny.
A parade of painful ghetto stereotypes, missing every opportunity for satire or meaningful social commentary.
[A] generic, non-specific, ultimately unsatisfying take on a bullet-proof concept .
Pays off on the laughs with a strong message about using sudden riches responsibly and the importance of giving back to the community.
"Lottery Ticket" feels like it was made in the late '70s or early '80s, at a time when manufactured urban ghettos were still considered a "good idea."
A ROFL treasure hunt which unfolds like an inner-city variation of It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. What more can you ask for from a ghetto-fabulous, escapist fantasy?
Cube may not have seen René Clair's 1931 lottery masterpiece Le Million, but, as a film impresario, he captures some of its culturally-specific charm.
Feisty urban comedy bloated with feeble social messages, the picture carries a decent tune until it feels the need to preach to the audience, hoping to indulge the fantasy of easy money while providing all the guilt.
Even on its own limited terms, the jokes are sub-Friday sequel, and a last-act grab for Boyz n the Hood pathos is seriously reaching.
It's comforting, really, to see the movie's soft-pedaling of actual ghetto problems; realism isn't Lottery Ticket's game.
The script is never nearly as clever as the premise ought to allow, and the madcap fun is far too frequently derailed by tonal inconsistencies.
A disappointing, trite comedy overrun with African-American stereotypes.



@highlight

There's a worthwhile message at the heart of Lottery Ticket , but it's buried under stale humor, tired stereotypes, and obvious clichés.