An incisive piece of philosophy which inspires rage through its measured presentation.
A collage of archival footage, carefully curated to create a provocative think piece.
A meditation on Frantz Fanon's plea to oppressed people to use violence against their colonial oppressors.
Aside from a brief and uncritical preface by Columbia University professor Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, there's no attempt to contextualize Fanon's book.
With not nearly enough signposts along the way to indicate where we are, either in time or place, it's an intimidating argument to follow, despite Olsson's rigidly organized structure.
There are extraordinary images on display here. But it's difficult to understand why this film has emerged now.
Olsson's The Wretched Of The Earth excerpts are well-chosen, and several of the vintage interviews from Swedish TV are jaw-droppingly on-point.
In many cases, Fanon's astringent words seem as relevant today as ever.
On both levels of the film, the archival and the textual, there's much that's fascinating and worthwhile. What's regrettable is the refusal to contextualize and explore the ongoing ramifications of what we see and hear.
The energy here feels more like that of a lecture than of a film; it's an analytical tonic that's potent to the point of bitter.
Its exploration of an entrenched system that breeds generations of oppression and violence is extremely upsetting yet still highly rewarding.
Göran Hugo Olsson's profound essay doc aspires to upset in the truest sense.
Here is a film that isn't afraid to risk didacticism in order to put across its vision of the debilitating physical and psychological effects of colonialism.
It's a confrontational, direct and challenging piece of film-making; an illustrated lecture that muses on the legacy of European colonial rule in Africa and elsewhere and poses questions about cycles of power abuse and neo-colonialism.
Through it all, the changing nature of violence (destructive, cleansing, inevitable) is unravelled in illuminating, harrowing form.
A powerful and provoking take on a violent and volatile era.
The footage speaks for itself. I wish it had been allowed to.
A timely and powerful exploration into the history of uprising in Africa as seen through the eyes of white liberals.
Some of the most disconcerting imagery involves the casual racism of white Africans in British outposts like Rhodesia, where the inferiority of the black majority was taken as read.
The film is a bleak but real portrait of an era, though it has nothing to say about what these nations are thinking and feeling right now.
Provides a raw reminder of how greedy capitalist culture has exploited a continent and its people, but it is also a passionate, proud and deeply affecting educational tool which puts forward a plan of action by tracing a passage through the past.
Armed with a legitimacy as startling as its content, it is a superbly executed document of a pivotal, inevitable era in 20th-century history.
While the linear presentation of the film lacks the rigorous artistry of the films of, say, Yervant Gianikian and Angela Ricci Lucchi, it does attempt to realise an entire history through only a handful of shots.
Olsson may be producing the most interesting compilation docs since Esfir Shub.
A poetic, thought-provoking visual essay.
Concerning Violence suggests that the lesson has yet to be learned, and it's only a matter a time until history repeats itself again, and action is taken.
A pulsing, echoing trumpet blast-repeated throughout-and some in-your-face political carnage identify Concerning Violence for what it is: a prickly, passionate call to arms.
Makes for compulsive and at times disturbing viewing as it tackles colonial rule head on, benefiting from singer Lauryn Hill's striking narration ... taken from psychologist/philosopher Frantz Fanon's anticolonial text, The Wretched Of The Earth.
A tough and cerebral but finally illuminating documentary about the decolonization of Africa.

@highlight

As confrontational as it is ultimately rewarding, Concerning Violence is a scathing indictment of past misdeeds -- and a sobering reminder of how far we still have to go.