Plot wise, the film is quite shaky.
In continuing his trend of campy dialogue and cliched special effects, [McG] has made a romantic comedy involving dueling spies that even a monkey could figure out.
The most dire romantic comedy in years.
This Means War finds all new ways to insult 50% of the world's population. Women, hey? Who needs 'em? Not men, that's who! Until they do, I guess
The film's three charming leads help make this superficial comedy worth seeing.
The laziest, most cack-handed, most unromantic and most excruciatingly unfunny rom-com I can remember having to sit through.
It's not the most realistic spy film or the most tear-enducing romance; however, This Means War works as a middle-of-the-road guilty pleasure.
Being a little absurd is acceptable, but completely throwing reality out the window in a film that tries to ground itself in it is pushing it too much.
In a turn of events that utterly defies the terrible trailer that's been making the rounds for the last few months, This Means War actually proves to be an agreeably dim-witted combo of testosterone-fuelled action and an estrogen-friendly love story.
This Means War remains a vapid, rushed effort that pays little attention to its characters in favour of making sure it hits every comedy and action beat on time with a reliable but ultimately tuneless drum.
An unusually focused depiction of male courtship issues, albeit in a surface-y, mainstream sort of fashion.
Love is a battlefield in This Means War, and the three likable leads are the casualties.
There are better action comedies out there.
Their spy-prying...and displays of lunkheaded brawn...aren't endearing; they're horrifying, in ways there's no coming back from. [Blu-ray]
This insulting, structureless so-called romantic comedy is a wretched embarrassment for all involved, especially Witherspoon, who is required to act like a ninny while other characters remark on how 'really, really beautiful' she is.
...more like a business plan than a movie, and it's difficult to imagine that any of the professionals who collaborated to produce it would ever want to watch it.
Overall, this is solid date night fare. You would be disappointed that you spent the time or money but you'll never need to see this film again.
The fast-paced jokes help overcome the preposterous covert underpinnings.
It's a brisk sprint over familiar ground with just enough appeal to action addicts and romantic-comedy lovers to amuse fans of both genres.
... too much action, not enough comedy, and no romance at all ...
Bathed in bright plastic colours, scored to sleazy jazz funk, This Means War comprises endless short scenes that never quite coalesce into a real motion picture.
McG directs as if on autopilot, and while the action scenes are technically proficient they're so lacking in energy and momentum you kind of wonder if the adrenaline junkie wunderkind threw them in as some sort of afterthought.
McG's weakness is in developing character and story... and since they make up about 80 percent of the movie, we're left stranded.
I have never been in a movie screening that had such a divided reaction as This Means War; on one side film critics moaning and groaning from start to finish, on the other a young audience laughing and cheering through every scene.
This Means War gleefully stirs together the spy caper and rom-com genres, and with Charlie's Angel director McG at the helm the resulting mash-up is everything you'd expect: brash, loud and spectacularly dumb.
Can [McG's] films get worse?
Easily consumable, puerile entertainment with some devilish giggles to be had; the action romantic's must-see in a sense.
Entertainment at its fluffiest but as a date movie with some genuine laughs, it works - just overlook the voyeuristic undertones and you'll have fun.
Hardy struggles to find his comic timing to soften his bruising hard man image while Pine mugs shamelessly.
A film during which very bad things happen very often, and none of them are noticeably funnier than genital trauma brought on by an air rifle.
McG fails to conjure up any exciting or original set-pieces so it falls flat as an action film.
Hardy, Pine and Witherspoon manage to inject just enough charm to make it bearable.
Not funny, just creepy.
All sorts of laugh-free and unrelaxed shenanigans.
No. More. McG. Please.
A ridiculous plot is punctuated by out of place action scenes and a chronic lack of humour
The only outward emotion you'll experience will be if someone chokes on a piece of popcorn in a nearby seat.
Well acted and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny, thanks to engaging performances and a script that successfully excuses its slightly dodgy premise.
This Means War is much like its protagnists, a strange mixture of soulessness and trying way too hard - and, frankly, no one likes a date who is quite so keen to impress.
Yet another case of Hollywood execs trying way too hard to give the audience what they think it wants.
I'd call this How to Lose a Spy in 10 Days, except all along I was rooting for nothing but for Witherspoon to realize what a couple of jerks both guys are and to dump them both...
The more I think about this film, the more upset I get.
The guns might suggest it's shaping up to be an action spy caper, but it's just the wrapping for a romcom, like when pet owners shape mince into pellets to conceal medication from their dog.
Smart, funny and really quite hot, this is worth a look no matter what you think of Charlie's Angels.
McG's film ticks the expected action boxes easily enough but, as per usual, is not designed to be taken remotely seriously.
One suspects the perpetrators of this cinematic crime spent Valentine's Day alone.
Lack of Focus ruins this War.
Total Fantasy
A lively pace and a nicely warped sense of humour help make this paper-thin action-comedy a mindlessly enjoyable romp.
Pine proved he had star potential in the Star Trek reboot and Hardy was great in Inception and Warrior, but they should avoid comedy - at least with a script this insipid
Moronic, misguided and just plain pervy.
Buddy spies vie for the same girl in a loud, pushy romantic comedy.
The director is McG, who allows no motion to pass without a musical energy boost.
a frothy romp of a popcorn flick brightened by witty writing and a cast that get laughs by expertly playing it straight with a plausibly implausible plot.
A trio of talent makes this rom com much better than it should be
The cast deserves better and certainly audiences do as well.
Three fun stars seem to be enjoying the ride in this fast-paced romantic romp.
As for the resolution of the romantic triangle angle ... well, let's just say that the filmmakers would have been hard-pressed to come up with a worst ending.
I didn't want either of the two guys to earn her affections. They're both superficial jerks - an opinion that didn't change throughout the entire film.
Guns fire. Cars careen. Paintballs hit crotches. Reese Witherspoon bugs her eyes. Chris Pine acts like an ass. Tom Hardy looks disinterested. Repeat. Vomit.
While the premise had potential, the execution leaves a lot to be desired and strands three charismatic performers up on the screen trying to make something of it. They don't. (Parental Movie Review also available)
"This Means War" is the worst McG film yet. And good Lord, that is saying something.
Pine and Hardy have about as much chemistry going on as a high school where all the science teachers are out sick.
Witherspoon is a delight and those new franchise guys (Pine with Trek 2, Hardy the upcoming Dark Knight sequel) make engaging frenemies.
Judging by the evidence, it isn't easy making a good romantic comedy, even if it has a high-concept premise like this one...
It takes a special kind of ignorance to make Tom Hardy boring, to make Chris Pine unlikable, and to make Reese Witherspoon unattractive.
The best you can say about This Means War is that it would make a good date movie for couples in the witness protection program.
The boneheaded, humorless This Means War cranks out clichés with such frequency that it easily qualifies as an early contender for the most awful film of 2012.
Slides by on the strength of Tom Hardy.
It's an absurdly bright, peppy affair that's clearly been test-screened to death in order to find the "perfect" balance of action and romance.
This means wah?
I guess we should call this a spy-comedy-action-romance. Or just call it what it is: dreadful.
And we have our first lock for the Worst of the Year list.
It has plenty for the eyes and ears, but nothing for the brain.
...starts off really badly then upticks slightly due to the great chemistry between...Chris Pine and Tom Hardy...until you begin to think about the plot and the whole thing gets kind of icky.
Not even cutie-pie Oscar-winner Reese Witherspoon can hold our attention for long in this ridiculous, bombastic romance.
This Means War overcomes the eternal triangle genre's flaws with unique twists on the basic premise. Lots of them.
A disaster on a conceptual level, McG's latest is a trainwreck of botched stunts, unfunny gags, and tuneless performances, pieced together with minimal interest in any sort of engaging cinematic clarity.
Not the worst, certainly not the best of its rom-action genre. But thanks to Chelsea Handler, there are some scream-out-loud moments. But oh, for some snap and sizzle!
Exhaustingly slick from start to finish...
An aggressively annoying movie. It isn't just bad. It grates. It frustrates. It baffles with its incompetence.
It's a date movie for suckers.
Who are we supposed to root for, or is it all about the explosions and hunky guys showing off their well groomed eyebrows?
You can imagine how the ball got rolling on "This Means War.'' You can also imagine how the folks who rolled the ball started to lose their minds.
The script is nonsensical even for an outsized action movie, with a nasty streak that finds characters actively endangering each other for cheap laughs.
At best, it's a late-night HBO watch or a cheap DVD rental, which is where I imagine this movie will wind up quite soon.
In the dictionary, "frothy" is defined as being "light and entertaining but of little substance." This Means War is a totally frothy film. And that's a good thing, at least here. (Sometimes substance is overrated.)
This Means War makes a decent date movie, but it doesn't have much to offer beyond the charm of Witherspoon, Hardy, and Pine.
You'll wonder about the mechanics of filmmaking by committee, about the kind of product that goes through a dozen script re-writes and studio notes and test screenings until all the demographic bells are rung.
Even though this movie has some good bits and sweet moments straight out of a teenage girl's dream journal, the weak spy subplot is meant to do nothing more than distract you from a bunch of supposedly romantic nonsense happening onscreen.
Absurd? Completely-- but the charm of this one is that it doesn't even pretend to take itself seriously.
It's a bad sign when a film which aims only for froth can't achieve more than moments of embarrassment, punctuated with sporadic agitation.
Proves to be little more than the canned Spam of the movie world - bland, over-processed and cheap, even when it's spending millions engulfing highways in balls of ludicrous flame.
If you want some nice light yuks, "This Means War" should do the trick.
If you think about it for more than a few seconds, you'll have put more thought into it than the writers did.
This mash-up is just a big old mess-up.
It's a glossy entertainment machine -- and I was entertained.
"This Means War" is a fine combination of romance and comedy with a little bit of action thrown in for good measure.
Surely there's a promotion and commendation waiting for the one subordinate who's willing to report their activities.
While it wants to be all things to all people by aiming for a heady mix of manly spy action and ladylike rom-com flourishes, it ends up being more of a misguided "bromance" with Reese Witherspoon as the MacGuffin.
Director McG has made a McMovie; a take-away that doesn't satisfy but it's something for the eyes to chew on
It has to say something about the film, when the nasty, bad-guy villain, who has little screen-time and next to no lines, is the most credible and appealing thing on screen
Without the considerable contributions of Reese Witherspoon and the ensemble supporting her, this overblown trifle would be akin to nails on a chalkboard.
McG can't seem to decide whether he's making a spy action flick with romance interspersed or a rom-com peppered with action.
a.k.a. "Two Guys, a Girl and the Clandestine Agency That Helped Overthrow the Democratically-Elected Government of Chile in 1973"
More action in the streets than between the sheets
Would be perfectly acceptable watched on the back of an airline seat or at home while you're doing housework.
Reese Witherspoon isn't an idiot, and yet she made "This Means War," which leads to the question: Was this some temporary lapse in judgment or was this the best offer she had?
A romcom about stalking is a hard sell under any circumstances, needing a lot more wit than the juvenile jokes of this script.
Eye candy for chicks with a plot that's merely filler (sort of like softcore porn without the sex).
Note to Witherspoon: This Means War is the sort of consumer product you're supposed to test before you win an Academy Award, not after.
Hardy is raffishly charming. But you don't send a grenade to do a feather's job. Which is exactly the mistake that McG, director of this earsplitting, hyperbolic love triangle, makes.
Seems to have been made by men who have never met a woman, much less asked her what she wants.
A good parody takes a finesse that isn't in the vocabulary of McG, a bargain-basement Michael Bay more concerned with cool than coherence.
The RomCom needs help. This Means War may not save it, but it won't destroy it either.
With "This Means War," Oscar-winner Reese Witherspoon pulls off the seemingly impossible: She's made a film that's even worse than "Legally Blonde 2."
Technically, movies don't give off a scent, but This Means War is so smarmy that it seems to reek of cheap cologne.
Quickly devolves into Spy vs. Spy territory, only with incompetently staged and edited action and little of that ol' Mad magazine zing.
What is an issue is that "This Means War" does not fulfill the most basic requirement of a romcom: that we want the couple to get together.
Watching "This Means War" is like have someone on Ecstasy describe a movie to you in the middle of a rave. It's a date movie if you're dating someone you don't like.
A trio of appealing actors is trapped in an action-spiked romcom death-sentenced by a lack of humor, heart and a coherent reason for being.
A sexy crowd-pleaser for both genders.
A bottom-feeding mess. Everyone involved has done much better work and would likely like to forget about this
Pine, who expertly approximated William Shatner in the Star Trek reboot, seems to have picked up some of the actor's air of self-serious buffoonery, and it suits him well.
What we're left with is a complete fantasy world of both spycraft and love, as well as the bond that make of us all idiots.
... an equal opportunity misfire, with as much appeal for men as women, compared to a one-sided weeper like The Vow. Shuffle a few reels of that movie with the ballistic hoo-hah of Safe House and the results would look something like this.
Even by the standards of light entertainment, "This Means War" is meaningless.
If men are from Mars and women from Venus, This Means War drifts in cold, empty space somewhere between the two orbits, where, as the famous tagline goes, no one can hear you scream.
A battle between considerable charm and extreme stupidity ... periodically circles back to quality both loud and small.
Why does Hollywood find it so difficult to make a romantic comedy?
If there's anything I hate more than a stupid action comedy, it's an incompetent stupid action comedy.
McG tries to turn This Means War into a cool pop confection along the lines of his Charlie's Angels movies. But pouring on the douchey hipness and charm only makes things worse.
Far too unpleasant and ugly.
Reese is the one with all the options, and in a movie where she's the third prettiest person in the cast, it's obvious whose fantasies are being most clearly indulged here.
An insulting mess that expects the IQ and taste of all women to be so easy to manipulate they'll accept or laugh at anything if it involves men humiliating themselves on their behalf.
It feels like it was constructed by a committee with focus-group worksheets in hand.
This Means War may have been hammered together by brute Hollywood force, but there's this going for it: It's game to throw in anything that'll keep the motor running.
A droopy love triangle seriously short on sexual chemistry, not to mention the kind of playful self-awareness that can spice up even the blandest romantic comedy.
Warrantless wiretapping has never been more hilarious. A stroke of McGenius!
Oh, it's OK, but you would think that with Reese Witherspoon, Chris Pine and Tom Hardy on board for a romantic comedy, some sparks would fly.
At the heart of the movie is a romantic triangle between three impossibly good-looking people who are so uninteresting that we keep hoping the sleazy bad guy will show up and shoot them all.
Rent-a-hack McG directs this brain-damaged screenplay with the skill of a particularly deficient farm animal, and humiliates three talented actors in the process.
The title could be the battle-cry of anyone who buys a ticket to this mess. Better to be a conscientious objector and avoid this mirthless skirmish.
Lackluster action romcom has violence, sexual references.
Not even Ms. Witherspoon can save it. It is, however, high time she started thinking about saving herself -- and what's left of her film career.
Nearly totally laugh-, chemistry- and coherence-free, this fiasco from the director of "Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle'' has a script whose sensible parts would fit on a napkin with enough room left over for the Gettysburg Address.
By the time an extended epilogue brings back the characters that you've presumably fallen in love with for a curtain call, it only works as a chance for a head start to the parking lot.
Some kind of internal threshold for obnoxiousness is broken when you submit to this harsh rom-com...
I suppose you could call this a 'romantic action comedy,' with the emphasis on the comedy.
This isn't a romantic comedy. This is two dopey kids tussling at the family dinner table, with Reese Witherspoon as the wishbone they're fighting over.
A little bit of the frivolous helium McG injected into the goofy Angels series might have helped lift War off the ground, because this humorless bird rarely takes flight over its near-two-hour run.
The only reason this one escapes the drudges of the purely rotten is because Hardy is so damn charming. How dare everything else spoil my holiday eye candy?
Daft competitive seduction is at the heart of this scattershot romantic comedy that veers woefully into uncultivated screwball territory.
Witherspoon, Pine or Hardy could carry a film alone. Together the results are three times worse in McG's flat,cobbled-together action-romance.
Insipid, mindless and executed with all the style and panache of a detergent ad.
This Means War seems so concerned with being the best product, it doesn't even know how to be good trash.
This is escapist entertainment at its cheapest, with d--- jokes and all. What sells it are the performances from a cast who are far more talented than the movie and its director deserve.
Liked this movie better when it was the second act of TRUE LIES, and, ya know- good.
The kind of rom-com that insults its primary audience and panders to their dates, "War" is depressingly mean-spirited.
If you can get past the gross invasion of privacy issues that would exist if this were real life and not just a frothy confection, what you have is some bittersweet fun peppered by bursts of sharp patter, the best between the boys.
Having great-looking stars who have the added bonus of actually being able to act makes the noisy romp "This Means War" more tolerable than it ought to be.
An agreeably dim-witted effort that coasts along on the charm of its stars.
Not a distinguished addition to director McG's oeuvre.
The man whose biggest claim to fame remains the fun but frothy Charlie's Angels pushes all the requisite buttons, while never straying too far from the party line.
A trio of appealing actors, especially Witherspoon, are wasted in this unsuccessful hybrid of action comedy
Not even [the stars'] innate magnetism, comic timing, and outrageous gorgeousness can make this 14-year-old screenplay seem fresh, nor can the execution be willed into excellence by the hypnotic blueness of their eyes.
But just as the men in this film vacillate between horrible and endearing, you'll find yourself (whether male or female) being lost and won back by the film's charms, chiefly its cast.
This screwball premise lives or dies by the chemistry between Pine and Hardy, who are too busy trying to out-appeal one another to make the buddy dynamic click.
A mirthless, preening action comedy, populated with gorgeous caricatures, that values kinetic movement over sense.
A rom-com about love without a single character worth liking, an action flick burdened with intermittent bombast, This Means War wouldn't be quite so trying if anybody involved had tried a little harder.
This perfectly dreadful romantic action comedy manages to embarrass its three eminently attractive leading players in every scene, making this an automatic candidate for whatever raspberries or golden turkeys or other dubious awards may be given...
A date movie that will appeal to both men and women, This Means War is a fun and cheeky action comedy that owes much to the chemistry of its three leading actors.
Watching really attractive, really charismatic people be really funny seldom gets old, and they're served reasonably well by a tight, disciplined script that capitalises on their game charms.


@highlight

A career lowlight for all three of its likable stars, This Means War is loud, clumsily edited, and neither romantic nor funny.