This is a film that is epically ridiculous -- unbelievable in every way, simply impossible to act even for Lawrence, who struggles with the preposterous gear changes through hooker-grade make-up.
Uneven pacing makes Serena a struggle.
As a film, [Serena] translates into a melodrama that makes little sense and fewer friends.
A mess.
Serena is pompous, stiff, drab and dreary, and the fizzing chemistry between Cooper and Lawrence that David O Russell so brilliantly captured is curiously absent here.
The narrative has the choppy quality of a badly bowdlerised book, and the result is not bad so much as boring - and best thought of as a tree, fallen in the forest, that nobody heard.
When Rhys Ifans doing a Carolina accent is the best thing in your movie, well... Maybe it's time to call the whole thing off.
Well, Serena isn't great, but it's better than the lousy reputation that precedes it.
Serena is simply a one-off botch.
It's an odd misfire from two actors at the peak of their game, but a misfire nonetheless.
Considering how well Cooper and Lawrence meshed in Silver Linings Playbook, Serena's inert central dynamic underlines the fact that chemistry is as much a byproduct of directorial stewardship as it is of actors' natural chemistry.
Serena reaches its risible zenith when George confronts a Carolina panther. No, it's not Cam Newton, but such an illogical cameo wouldn't have made the movie any more of a mess.
Would be a slog no matter who the actors are.
Absolutely nothing works. No one seems to understand the place or the people. And the only thing gleaned from the lumber industry is that you can build an entire movie from performances made of wood.
If the worst you can say about a movie is that it's not very involving, that's hardly a disaster.
Violent, mature Depression drama wastes strong cast.
Stilted and strange, Serena probably looked great on paper. It also probably should have stayed there.
A Ron Rash novel praised as 'nightmarish' becomes the stuff of middlebrow melodrama in this lushly atmospheric but surprisingly calcified tale of greed, lust, murder, fire, trained eagles, wild panthers, ax wounds and incipient environmentalism.
One of Hollywood's hottest screen couples lumbers through a lumbering lumber epic that saws only zzz's.
'Serena' may be an overwrought and sometimes jumbled melodrama, but it's also a visual treat.
Despite their collaborations together, Cooper and Lawrence manage to have next to no chemistry.
This is a winner, an atmospheric thriller with terrific performances and outstanding production values.
Thankfully for Cooper, Lawrence and even Bier, their reputations will outlast Serena's legacy -- because no one will see it.
Winds up sawing logs...instead of locating hard truths of the human condition, Serena lumbers through the motions.
In other words, a lot of people realized they had an epic clunker on their hands.
Given these unpromising circumstances, I was expecting something truly awful, and perhaps that might have been more fun to watch than this lugubrious period piece. The production values and the costumes are the true stars.
...a period story of unwed motherhood, barrenness, betrayal and murder whose animal symbolism (an eagle, a rattlesnake and a panther) is more fleshed out than its characters.
Cooper is game but not fierce or conflicted enough; Lawrence doesn't get deep enough to pull anyone along on her spiral into madness.
A flat-out disaster, the kind of film that its cast and crew hope gets buried as quickly as possible as they race to move on to other projects.
What is probably the largest issue is that in trying to create an intense period drama, these collaborators succeeded instead in making melodrama.
[B]ehind the lethargic momentum and lackadaisical performances, we can almost hear [the material] crying out for someone involved to put some gusto into it.
The actors don't just look uncomfortable in their period duds, they also look uneasy in their own skins, which is a feat for two such natural, physically confident screen performers.
Serena is soon to wind up on someone's list of "worst book-to-movie adaptations." Count on it.
The performers are as beautiful to look at here as they are intriguing to watch.
Based on hackneyed plot complications, Serena devolves into a Lady Macbeth of the mountains ... as the film moves toward a too predictable ending.
It's reassuring, really, to be reminded that top-tier Hollywood stars can make lousy choices just like the rest of us.
What were Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence thinking? Seriously?
Funny how there are fans of Jennifer Lawrence who will never see her in "Serena." It's not her best film, but it contains one of her best performances, in a role that challenges her more than any other.
Beating a dead horse barely begins to describe the task of writing about "Serena"; it's more like playing coroner.
This here is a violent Southern soap with delusions of respectability, and it's a pity it tried to put on such fancy airs.
A more boring and less transcendent knockoff of "There Will Be Blood."
A hot leading couple, illegitimacy, a vengeful heroine, great period costumes... Why did Serena turn out so bad?
Lawrence is the hottest actress in Hollywood and she and Cooper share six Oscar nominations, and one win, between them. But "Serena" uses muscles the costars of "Silver Linings Playbook" and "American Hustle" stars don't often get to flex.
Densely packed and gorgeously expressionist, the old-fashioned tragedy is very nearly a satisfying experience despite its various shortcomings.
Although the film got stuck in editing limbo for two years, no amount of cutting could rid the project of a diseased premise. Nor is it erotic or violent enough to be an effective critique of human nature.
A major misfire...inert, stodgy and unconvincing, utterly failing to capture the chemistry that Cooper and Lawrence achieved in their work with David O. Russell.
It's painful to watch all that talent get wasted.
Left for dead since 2012, Serena would better serve its stars by burial, not resurrection.
Takes all the excitement out of murder, deception and sponge baths.
There's simply not that much to see in the performances.
"Serena" fails, but it's most certainly a noble failure.
Dropped into the Depression-era North Carolina timber business, [Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence] must wrestle with declarative dialogue that no actor could make sound natural.
Into each life some rain eventually falls, and in a bomb called Serena, golden couple Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, united for the third time onscreen, arrive soaking wet.
By making Serena ornamental, Bier diminishes her power, and Lawrence plays her as a petulant Lady Macbeth wannabe. Worse is Bradley Cooper, whose Pemberton comes off like an entitled scion, not a clear-cut timber king.
The film is haunted by a sense that something was overlooked in translation from the book.
Chock-full of melodrama and outrageous contrivances, there's no way to call Serena good, but it's one fascinating hot mess that's entertainingly trashy.
Flat. Dull. Why was this made again?
Both actors, gracefully dressed and lightly anguished, draw deep on their professional aplomb in a bid to keep a straight face; the credible, bulked-up pain that Cooper brought to "American Sniper" seems a world away.
The film can't reconcile Ron Rash's apocalyptic tenderness with its own eagerness to revel in romantic star allure.
It's puzzling to consider what went wrong with Serena, a film that on paper should have been great or at least tolerably amusing. (It is neither).
Filmed in 2012 and finally limping into theaters like a glamorous zombie, the movie has star wattage but zero emotional voltage.
The biggest problem is that it's all bones and no flesh, so busy combining all the structural elements that go into an award-winner that it has no personality of its own.
Serena is inconsequential, stilted, and likely being shoved out right now on streaming services due to Cooper and Lawrence starring in the two highest domestic grossing films of 2014.
A stiff, awkward, and one-note period piece.
Ah, well. All the best actors eventually get their Ishtar, right?
The choppily edited and thoroughly wooden "Serena'' fails to catch fire, even when everything literally goes up in flames. Basically, it's "Cold Mountain" without Renée Zellweger.
Like the title character, Serena eventually sheds its beautiful wrapping and reveals a twisted horror underneath, and the transformation is utterly ludicrous.
It emerges as a study in obsession that rarely engages our interest. It seems to have been a massive miscalculation, though it's worth seeing for Lawrence's confident performance as a bottle-blonde harpy, if for nothing else.
A Southern Gothic wilderness weepie with proletarian occult leanings, a masculinzed femme fatale selfie, workingclass wallpaper, and weirdly anachronistic back to future ecological activism. While filming in a Czech forest, to access cheap nonunion labor.
By the end, we barely like anyone in this smoky landscape, let alone care about what happens to them.
One of those movies that proves that the mere presence of all the right ingredients does not a happy meal make. It's all in the mixing.
The cinematic equivalent of a trashy airport novel.
A Depression-era potboiler starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence that never manages to get past the feeling of a calculated Hollywood reunion.
Some novels just shouldn't be adapted for film. Nobody sets out to make a bad movie. These two truisms come to mind in the wake of Serena.
If this is not a perfect film it's an unusually haunting one. The peculiar dramatic rhythms reflect the violence-in-tranquility of the logging business itself, with lulls allowing the shocking moments to cut all the deeper.
SERENA has entertainment value, just not likely in the way the filmmakers hoped. It's a fun film, but I don't know that I'd say it's a good one.
With limp plotting and lax performances from Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, the long-delayed Serena is a flat period romance that should quickly be forgotten.
ON paper, Serena looks like it should be great - what could possibly go wrong? The answer is "the script".
Greed and jealousy are the key elements of this dramatic misfire from Suzanne Bier in which even the power (re)pairing of Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence fails to ignite our interest.
How could reteaming Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper go wrong? In a word - Serena.
Log off.
Susanne Bier has delivered a sumptuous costume drama fronted by two talented leads who gamely throw themselves head first into a delightfully preposterous plot.
Lawrence plays her role like a virtuoso violinist; sweeping, soaring and cracking with elegiac grace.
Something appears to have gone badly wrong with Suzanne Bier's adaptation of Ron Rash's acclaimed novel of love and corruption in the South Carolina of the late 1920s.
There are enough flashes of the film it might have been to make it worth watching.
Though she doesn't sparkle much in the X-Men films, this is Lawrence's first genuinely poor performance. Not to worry. Nobody is likely to see the thing.
Serena is an undoubtedly handsome production with some beautiful cinematography from Morten Soborg.
This is a dark and primal story about love, jealousy and greed. Its problem is that the Oscar-winning director Susanne Bier doesn't know what to do with her two incongruously glamorous stars.
This logging drama is as turgid as the mud that surrounds the forest camp in 1930s North Carolina, despite the fragrant presence of Lawrence as the newlywed Serena in swell silk gowns and jodhpurs.
A very average misfire.
The film crumples with a shower of sparks into a forest fire of melodramatic absurdity, with all kinds of violent lurches and plot entanglements. But not before Lawrence has given us a performance of fierce, bladed intensity.
Like its heroine's ambitions, all it amounts to is dead wood.
A good-looking but flat period piece whose neutered telling renders its nutty narrative increasingly hard to believe and harder to care about.
Handsome production values notwithstanding, Bier's drama is all bark and largely trite.
What starts out as solid romantic melodrama - almost Golden Age of Hollywood stuff - gets so crazy so fast in so many ways.
We don't invest anything in either character, and with barely any tension, 'Serena' grabs neither head nor heart.
It is so convoluted, so bogged down by its own sense of worth, that it simply collapses under its own weight.
Commercially it looks a disaster. Artistically, if very far from a triumph, it's interesting, almost held together by its charismatic stars.
Considering the two leading roles belong to a pair of actors who share such an inherent, palpable chemistry, it's not something we truly get a sense for this in this particular endeavour.
The film is rather watchable, defined by impressive performances, striking production design and lustrous cinematography.
"Serena" isn't bad enough to be some kind of potential cult classic: it's tedious, with even the stranger moments and plot developments failing to raise the pulse.
Serena only has one key flaw: it is difficult to believe a single word of it, still less to care about these relentlessly selfish and short-sighted characters.
Bier is digging hard for something deep and yet, at the point when you should be reaching for the hankie, it's only because of so much sweaty desperation.
This is a film full of unremarkable compromises - the kind that result in a bland film rather than a bad one.
Bier's Danish-language work, usually structurally and emotionally cohesive to a fault, has rarely been this compellingly untidy.

@highlight

Serena unites an impressive array of talent on either side of the cameras -- then leaves viewers to wonder how it all went so wrong.