A gratifying story with a quietly powerful performance from funnyman Will Ferrell.
Has a similar problem to its protagonist: It just sort of sits there.
Good performances by Ferrell and Wallace and fantastic cinematography make Everything Must Go an enjoyable watch.
The best movie Will Ferrell ever made
Gentle understatement that stealthily but surely gets under the skin and touches the heart.
Everything Must Go is a pleasantly engaging, entertaining human portrait - a journey that doesn't physically stray very far, but which treads a million metaphorical miles within its main character as he attempts to go from broken man to redeemed man.
For a film that preaches giving it all away, Everything Must Go could have done with being a little more bold.
Cue self pity, followed by despair, followed by resignation, hope and redemption...Screenwriter/director Dan Rush...opts for this standard redemption arc.
I found this a delicately observed, satisfying movie and greatly enjoyed it.
Ferrell is far more impressive in a straighter role ... as he controls his own brand of zaniness and channels it as bittersweet irony and humour into ordinary events.
The laughs are gentle, Nick is a pleasingly ambiguous character and the anti-materialism message is admirable.
A well-controlled film with a portrait at its centre that is astonishingly complete.
It may stray into a few redundant subplots along the way but Everything Must Go succeeds as a plaintive portrait of a man cast adrift from all the past certainties of his life.
Too insubstantial to be a full-length feature.
A pleasing, satisfying chamber-piece.
Like a bad date; it's attractive, clever, but lacks a sense of humour.
It can't escape the crippling clichés of similar films that have come before it, and there are far too many Cameron Crowe-ian platitudes littered throughout the screenplay to remind us that we are indeed watching a movie.
Everything here's too indie-sanitized to even be properly sad. It certainly isn't funny.
The individual performances are solid and Ferrell clearly has dramatic chops. Somehow, though, it turns out to be less than the sum of its parts.
Will Ferrell isn't stunt casting--his size and deadpan are essential to the character.
Everything Must Go is an intimate and engaging affair, anchored by a fine performance from Ferrell in a role that required a surfeit of subtleties.
Everything Must Go is a fine film on it's own, though the resolution, a happy ending of sorts, is far too clean and tidy considering its inspiration.
Ferrell steps more fully and confidently into dramatic terrain with a performance that reveals heretofore unplumbed depths
{A} triumphant performance that promises much range from what seemed a one-burner hot plate of an actor.
This low-key dramedy paints a cinematic portrait of self-destruction with, perhaps, a hopeful glimmer of redemption.
Everything Must Go is not a bad movie, but saying that it's based on a story by Raymond Carver is like saying a ham dinner is based on Hamlet.
While mildly interesting and sporadically amusing, doesn't manage to use Carver's story as a springboard for something really remarkable.
Will Ferrell shows that he could have a career beyond stupid comedy..It's nice to see Ferrell stretching himself. Time for more of that career yoga, Will.
It's a nice change-up to see Will Ferrell starring in a straightforward drama.
Well, if anyone can make alcoholism and loneliness relatable, Will Ferrell can.
The unlikely combination of Will Ferrell and author Raymond Carver pays off beautifully.
Everything Must Go's minor flaws serve to accentuate just how precise and moving the rest of it is.
[The] small interactions between characters -- that's what I really like about it
Will Ferrell plays a grown-up and proves maybe he should do it more often.
After a strong first half, Everything Must Go ends up selling its leading man short.
I was not waiting for a punch line. I was not primed to laugh. I accepted Ferrell as Nick and, because of that, I was able to enjoy Everything Must Go on its own terms.
It feels a little odd to watch Ferrell play an alcoholic for drama and not laughs. Not enough happens with that drama to pull me in.
... to Ferrell what "Punch-Drunk Love" was to Adam Sandler: a gutsy change of pace that reminds us the class clown, deep down, is a tangle of neuroses.
This adaptation of a Raymond Carver short story is a gem -- perhaps more of a diamond in the rough than a polished jewel, but still.
This leading role is quite a departure for Ferrell who most often appears in comedies. He does an admirable job, but it makes you appreciate even more Nicolas Cage's Oscar-winning performance as an alcoholic in "Leaving Las Vegas" (1995).
...might as well be called Everything Must Be Explained. ...it's Ferrell who shoulders the load, delivering a poignantly subdued and richly layered performance.
This isn't Ferrell's first dramatic role; he played seriocomic leading men in Stranger Than Fiction and Woody Allen's Melinda and Melinda. But it's the first one that provides a glimpse at his possible future as a Bill Murray-style character actor.
The best that can be said about Everything Must Go is that it's slightly less nauseating than The Beaver.
Rush draws on the intense attachment we can feel for the mundane objects in our lives. For Nick, these things are talismans from a past that promised a lot more than it delivered.
In the end, Everything Must Go is something of a consciously static study in sadness, both well-made and wearying.
The Raymond Carver story ends on a note of cruelty and ambiguity. The movie ends with a reassuring twilight hug, scored to The Band's performance of 'I Shall Be Released.'
Funnymen seem to have a secret desire to play drama.At least Will Ferrell has the chops for it.
Will Ferrell's brand of comedy doesn't appeal to me, by and large. My favorites of his films are not the crowd-pleasers, but Stranger than Fiction, an offbeat comedy-drama, and Elf...
... details are acutely observed, and performances are excellent ...
Smart, poignant dramedy puts alcoholism front and center.
The world of "Everything Must Go" isn't the easiest one to visit, but when it comes to the work of Ferrell, it's perhaps the most relatable one.
With a likable Will Ferrell as its lead, the film offers an incisive personal spin on these tumultuous economic times.
Will Ferrell proves to have a way of turning fortune-cookie platitudes into something that, if not especially deep, is at least enjoyable and buoyant and entirely watchable.
This better-than-average indie effort-a first feature from Dan Rush, an accomplished commercial director-is a dramatic change-of-pace for the former SNL star...
It's worth going to see Everything Must Go just to watch Ferrell in action.
Do not get me wrong, there is comedy galore throughout this dramedy, but it is based on the realty of one man coping with a life gone sour.
Fairly effective in a diminished capacity. It aims lower, but still hits its target.
It's a low-key movie that sneaks up on you gradually until, by the end, you realize you wouldn't mind spending more time with these characters.
Taking stock and letting go -- of superfluous things, of worn-out love -- is a strong theme. But the progression of the script is like Nick's self-help program. We're familiar with the steps.
By filling in the backstory of Carver's nameless central character, a typically morose drinker who has moved all his possessions to the front yard of his house, the movie diminishes the magic inherent in the vagueness of the original.
Surprisingly, Ferrell underplays it nicely, neither milking Nick's misfortunes for laughs nor asking for our pity.
The big picture is famil iar -- busted middle-age man, suburban alcoholic despair -- yet the details are so finely rendered that the overall impression is potently strange.
A superstar like Ferrell could coast through disposable comedies, but "Everything Must Go" is a keeper.
Ferrell's credible performance notwithstanding, it's as if Raymond Carver's minimalism has overtaken the show. No 4-page short story here, we'll need a little something more for a 96-minute film.
It's nice to see someone try to find the positive in a situation rife with sadness. Most indie movies work the other way around, which is why most people don't bother watching them.
Writer/director Dan Rush takes one simple concept from Raymond Carver's spare, evocative, and extremely short story - a sad alcoholic with his furniture on the lawn - and fills in the blanks. Too many of them, as it turns out.
No great epiphanies, just a few days, a little perspective, nicely told.
Everything can go. Sometimes it does go. The movie tells a pertinent story about what happens next.
Everything Must Go isn't a comedy, but it's not entirely a tragedy, either, and it straddles this razor's edge with a deeply nuanced aplomb.
Will Ferrell delivers a performance of implosive intensity that rings true in every detail.
There's nothing terribly surprising about this movie's dramatic arc, but it's nicely executed, and Ferrell's restrained, almost gentle performance is a revelation.
Will Ferrell is evolving as an artist. Welcome to his blue period.
Rush extrapolates a narrative that is less jarring and more familiar than anything in Carver, but nonetheless true to the writer's tough, compassionate and intimately knowing apprehension of masculine defeat.
If he isn't careful, Will Ferrell is going to become a bona fide actor.
It lives up to its title in ways its maker never intended.
In truth, this would be rather familiar indie fare without its perfectly-cast star, who fearlessly alternates between bitter humor, aggressive desperation, and gentle helplessness.
"Everything Must Go" is not all the film it could have been, but is more worth seeing than a lot of other recent releases.
Rush could've approached this material in dozens of ways, but the way he chooses -- turning it into an occasionally wry, ever-earnest dramedy -- is precisely the wrong one.
...the results are cliched and too emotionally restrained to make much of a mark... Christopher Jordan Wallace, who got his start portraying dad's younger years in "Notorious," walks away with the whole movie.
What now, and what next? The answer unfolds in comically spare, emotionally rich fashion, in an adaptation of a Raymond Carver story by video music director Dan Rush making his feature debut.
The challenge of adapting Carver's spare story has led Rush to conjure a bit of melodrama the movie doesn't need, but in the last few seconds the movie rights itself with an appropriate note of ambiguity and poetry.
A sharply drawn study of down-and-outness that dovetails neatly, alas, with the Great Recession fallout that's raining across the land.
constantly treads the fine line between "incredibly engaging" and "uniquely underwhelming"
It's a genuinely unexpected performance, one of those things that you never would have predicted, but once you see it you realize it's perfect.
As a showcase of Ferrell's acting potential, this impresses; otherwise, everything must go.
Ferrell fits uncannily well into Carver country, and in this small but sturdy film, he challenges any assumption that he might be limited to comedy. Certainly this is the first time he's moved me to tears that weren't produced by hard laughter.
Will Ferrell manages to keep this rolling, though Rush's corny narrative devices couldn't be less consistent with Carver's stubborn minimalism.
A suburban sales executive reaches a dead-end and must re-evaluate his life while practicing the salutary art of letting go.
Director Dan Rush guides the material with a gentle hand. It's just overwhelmingly basic, a descriptor that should never apply to a comedic beast of Ferrell's caliber.
Rush respects Carver's slim, vinegar-tinged story while creating new characters and new (and somewhat artificial) situations. The results go only so far.
First-time writer and director Dan Rush seems aware of the generic obstacles he has set for himself, and takes a headlong run at both before clearing them in the critical moment.
Wastes a good Will Ferrell performance by elaborating on Raymond Carver's short story in ways that go very wrong.
An engaging character study, solidly handled by rookie writer/director Dan Rush, that gives a little insight into the sort of career Ferrell might have had if he hadn't made his bones playing nincompoops and running around bare-assed.
Will Ferrell shines as the central character in Dan Rush's surprisingly touching debut feature, Everything Must Go.
Glides along a relaxed, non-pushy vibe that doesn't overwork to be funny or genuine. Everything Must Go feels natural and vulnerable.
It feels slight and heavy-handed at the same time, and ends with a half-hearted shrug.
There are moments of heartbreaking humanity, moments of bitter irony, moments of self-discovery, and a very realistic inconclusive ending.
A refreshing change of pace for Ferrell and a delightfully dark change of mood in the doldrums of the summer blockbuster.
Just when Will Ferrell was beginning to wear out his welcome with his buffoonish man-child act, he dials it down to deliver a surprisingly tender and moving turn in the drama Everything Must Go.
I adored these characters, thanks in part to Director Dan Rush's deliberately labored pacing. He gives them room to find themselves within the story, and Ferrell and Wallace in particular develop chemistry before our eyes.
Reaching for the funny as well as dramatic pathos, Ferrell is acting on a high wire.
Though the actor is famous for his outrageous roles, he delves deep into this troubled character and nails the quieter moments.
Like Bill Murray and Greg Kinnear before him, this funnyman reveals serious acting chops.
The result is a sad suburban pastoral, a strain of film you don't see much of, or not enough; it may feel somewhat stretched, and Rush's additions to Carver barely push it past ninety minutes, but anything hectic or hasty would have spoiled the mood.
I can't dismiss the desperate social realism of a movie offering the solace of a bromide found in a fortune cookie.
Everything Must Go sounds touchy-feely but writer-director Dan Rush sets a darkly serious tone that seldom wavers. Ferrell gives himself over to the vibe, creating a character both pitiful and redeemable with the subtlest acting choices.
This poignant indie has a lot going for it. Not only is there a finely wrought slice-of-life lesson here, but there's also a wonderful cast playing it out, lead by a surprisingly wonderful Will Ferrell.
Script has some major problems, but it's not enough to smother the final work, which finds a powerfully human note to play, fashioning a credible look at a life slowly sliding down the drain.
Mr. Ferrell holds back the comic condiments long enough to paint the portrait of a man lost in low self-esteem with nice pastels of realistic restraint. But the crossroads he faces are paved with potholes...
No film has asked [Ferrell] to delve into the kinds of deep, dark places required of him in "Everything Must Go." And he more than rises to the challenge.
Anyone who's ever hit a low in their own lives can find inspiration in how Will Ferrell's character overcomes obstacles and pulls himself up from rock bottom.
Rush shapes Carver's fable -- a quick and resonant read -- into a flimsy hour-and-a-half tale of rebirth rather than a piercing character study.
This slow-paced indie about a suburban alcoholic is surprisingly gentle considering its subject matter, but that's not entirely a good thing.
That lawn with its scraps of a ruined life is a setting both satirical and poignant, and Will Ferrell gives a performance of Chekhovian depth.
If Will Ferrell's charisma is directly proportional to his absurdity, then it's little surprise that he fares relatively poorly as a sad sack in Everything Must Go,
The result is a simple, unassuming movie that's grounded in reality and is every bit as likable as Ferrell himself.
Dan Rush has created a vacant character that represents everything wrong with America in 2011.
This is a bittersweet, quietly powerful drama about a man at the end of his rope who must decide whether to start climbing or let go.
If life, as John Lennon said, is what happens while you're busy making plans, it's also the sheer accumulation of stuff. Pleasantly offbeat but not aggressively so, this film showcases that axiom in both the material and figurative senses.
The real draw of the movie is: See Will Ferrell downplay it. I'm up for that so I liked Everything Must Go.
Its aims are modest--it's a small film, in scope and ambition, but unexpectedly rich.
Ferrell gives a performance most dramatic actors could only dream of - restrained, nuanced, enormously moving - in this uneven yet finally eloquent little indie.
This is not a film that takes itself too seriously, but it is also not a 'comedy' in the strictest sense.
A nicely observed film with a terrific performance by Ferrell.
Engaging, deceptively low-key indie with a terrific dramatic performance from Will Ferrell and a sharply written script.
A sweet -- and often very honest -- look at life, and another example of how criminally underused Will Ferrell's talents are.
...Ferrell's personable and charismatic performance certainly [proves] instrumental in initially capturing the viewer's interest.
This is an old-school independent film that won't make a zillion bucks or win major awards, but it's refreshingly honest, depicts the kinds of American lives not often seen on-screen and shows us a familiar star in a striking new light.
The film just doesn't mine enough humor or drama from this situation. Meanwhile most of the developments are wholly predictable.
Ferrell makes it watchable.


@highlight

It may not improve on the Raymond Carver short story that inspired it, but Everything Must Go resists cliche and boasts a pair of magnetic performances from the perfectly cast Ferrell and Wallace.