It might not be able to close out as efficiently as it would've liked, but it does present some valuable themes about appreciating every aspect of a relationship no matter how flawed it is.
Screenwriter Justin Lader's feature film debut is nothing short of stunning and hopefully signals a prolific career ahead. Meanwhile, director Charlie McDowell's first feature effort similarly allows for such a unique exploration of the trials of romance.
There's just something refreshing, at least for me, about going to a movie and not knowing what it's going to be, even down to its genre.
Ultimately the surreal concept is half-baked and poorly executed, which will take audiences out of the movie all leading to an unsatisfying conclusion.
McDowell's picture goes to dark, introspective places without sacrificing the relatively light tone that works throughout.
It is the performances of Duplass and Moss that help the film truly shine.
at #4 on the top10 Indie films in the iTunes store.
It's gently funny, it's compelling, the performances are excellent, and it flies in the face of conventional romantic films, always carving its own path. Satisfying, charming and recommended.
It's proof positive of how really good Moss and Duplass are here once you realise that in terms of technique that haven't been asked much more than to re-act deadpan and endure ever so long pauses no matter how stupid it all gets.
Come for the energetically shot quirkiness, stay for the astute observations and performances that make The One I Love a crafty, clever, modern romance.
The film owes everything to its actors and particularly to Moss, who is capable of constantly surprising reactions, like the flurry of little nods Sophie gives to express delight.
"The One I Love" is at its best when its human and oddball elements are in perfect harmony, one illuminating the other.
In its quest to sidestep clichés, this low-budget mix of romance and science fiction winds up too muddled and unfocused to have much of an impact.
Duplass and Moss have great timing and they pull off some inventive gags with aplomb, selling some of the more heady concepts of Justin Lader's inventive script.
...a sparkling little bagatelle of a romantic mystery that owes more to Alfred Hitchcock and Rod Serling than the standard-issue Hollywood rom-com.
The movie flirts with running aground because of its high-concept nature, but Elisabeth Moss and Mark Duplass sustain things.
It's a shame these two compelling actors do not appear in a better film. The One I Love certainly has its good points, but they are only fleeting.
Unpredictable, thought-provoking relationship drama.
Ethan and Sophie are never more than playthings of the premise; Moss and Duplass are the sole sources of nuance and vitality, and they seem unduly hemmed in by the movie's unimaginative confines.
The performances and the ideas are provocative, fun, and something of a therapeutic trust exercise of their own.
Like figures in a funhouse that is both philosophical and phantasmagoric, the characters in "The One I Love" spook you, both inside your head and inside your heart.
Duplass and Moss are both intriguing performers, who get to do much more here than in their recent TV work... Their relationship rings true, and they are quite enjoyable to watch.
"The One I Love" is a weird but gutsy exploration of what happens when we alternately idealize and find fault with our romantic partners.
Moss knows how to create a character who feels like she lives outside the boundaries of the movie, even if McDowell hasn't quite figured that out yet.
A high-concept premise that can't really support the running time without talking itself to death or indulging in not-very-successful bedroom farce. And yet, I'm not writing the film off.
An unusual relationship drama...
...the more 'inventive' the movie gets, the less interesting it becomes.
A playful story with eerie undertones... Duplass and Moss are personable, smart actors with an easy rapport, and the characters are nicely defined.
The way we were is hard enough to live up to; harder still is the way we might be.
Moss and Duplass do a nice, natural job of putting these characters at odds with each other with neither really spoiling for a fight.
Says more about intimacy and individuality than any romantic comedy or romantic tragedy in years.
One stunning location, two main stars, family ties and a script that is a narcissistic science fiction twist on 1945's Dorothy McGuire and Robert Younger starrer "The Enchanted Cottage" is the means to a clever directorial debut by Charlie McDowell...
"The One I Love" is an odd, unsettling and ultimately satisfying movie.
turns on a disarming sci-fi twist as a means of digging deeper into the realm of the keenly observed romantic dramedy
There's enough good material here to produce a tight and focused half-hour short. But once the conclusion's twist on a twist is made clear, the film doesn't seem able to sustain interest in following through on its premise.
A puzzle that raises questions applicable outside the theater, with a final beat that's shocking and revelatory.
There is something slightly subversive and satisfyingly spot on when a movie about love and marriage turns on a solitary detail.
Fans of The Twilight Zone and The Outer Limits will particularly appreciate this blend of clever mystery, offbeat wit and a deeper-than-usual observational analysis of relationships and marital ennui.
The set-up, reminiscent of some of Hitchcock's films, works like a well-oiled stopwatch: once the situation starts, it cannot be stopped.
Characters are defined perfectly, while heroic editing from Jennifer Lilly generates a cracking pace, awakening the comedic potential of the piece and its eventual slide into uncertainty.
Here's a date movie that will neither cozily cheer you nor satisfyingly thrill you, but instead leave you scratching your head.
One of those highly original films whose secrets are best experienced without much hint of what's to come.
First-time director Charlie McDowell and writer Justin Lader are skillful at subverting domestic-comedy clichés, and Moss and Duplass are superb at being tender, funny and borderline satiric.
Like the couple at the heart of the film, it touches on some meaningful moments but offers no satisfactory answers or even excuses, leaving us to muddle through and assign blame instead of take a long hard look in the mirror.
"The One I Love" is diverting, but nothing catches fire, despite Ms. Moss, an amazing actress fast breaking free of the limits imposed on her by "Mad Men."
Director Charlie McDowell and screenwriter Justin Lader raise both smiles and pulses with their impressive feature debut, which never overplays its sneaky hand.
The One I Love is a smart and funny film that puts an enterprising spin on a familiar subject, and the result is an inspiring stab at something new.
The One I Love fails to make the most of its interesting, dense concept.
It begins by exploring how fantasy intrudes on and affects our perceptions of reality; it ends by trying too hard to convince us that its fantasies could, somehow, be real.
A clever amuse-bouche of a movie built around a conceit that can't be talked about in any detail...Let's just say it might have been something worthy of a Twilight Zone episode if Rod Serling were an indie filmmaker in the 21st century.
The key to 'Twilight Zone''s success is that the episodes don't waste time finding rational explanations for the cosmic thing that's happening. This one does.
A cool and kooky love story.
When the couple first realize what's going on, the husband immediately references The Twilight Zone, whose 26-minute time slot would have been more appropriate here.
The One I Love is a romantic comedy with a sharp, sci-fi bent; it manages to be both funny and cerebral.
Moss' combination of surface sweetness and watchful coldness - of studied placidity and cutthroat honesty - is right in line with the movie's aura. And Duplass brings in the comedy, in a performance that ranges from slapstick to menace.
Moss and Duplass are just about perfect in it, never begging for audience sympathy, merely working inside their characters for audience empathy. But this strikes me as a short film that has been blobbed out, uncertainly, to feature length.
This is smart filmmaking, not only for the inventiveness of Lader's central conceit but also for the dexterity from all involved to keep it grounded in reality.
If you survive that wrenching plot curve (some won't), you're in for an emotional workout. Knowing you've never seen anything like this, Moss and Duplass let it rip.
It uses what initially seems a slight, even ludicrous conceit to treat of deeper relationship issues in an intelligent, sophisticated way.
Duplass and Moss are great as a couple that goes away for a weekend to find what's lost and find something else entirely.
The first movie in a while I didn't want to stop thinking about, and couldn't if I tried.
Lader's clever screenplay questions what people truly want and expect from their partners.
Like many movies that premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, "The One I Love" has plenty of story - for a 30-minute TV episode, in this case of "The Twilight Zone."
For a high-concept effort like this one, the literalization of the endgame is a bit of a cop-out.
"The One I Love" sets out as one thing, tacks towards another direction and then successfully winds up as a hybrid of both.
But each unhappy couple is unhappy in its own way - and this couple's way is nothing if not unique. The same could be said of this daringly original film, from first-time feature director Charlie McDowell.
Although it arrives in the guise of mind-bending sci-fi, The One I Love is a fairly conventional dark comedy of jealousy and emasculation. It's a very enjoyable one, though.
The edges and nicks are what distinguish us from one another, and from the get-go this couple feels gel-capped. That's a real problem ...
A remarkable, creative, and thought-provoking drama about treasuring love and sustaining marriage.
Ambition trumps answers in The One I Love, thanks to a killer hook that consumes the film, for better and worse.
The One I Love, or rather The Ones I Love. And the sort of challenging review where saying anything at all, may be already saying too much. So enough said about the mysterious meanderings of this crabby when not cosmic, identity theft small talk romance.
A witty two-hander featuring one of the most intriguing twists in many a year.
It's never easy to capture simultaneously the spark that brings a couple together and the resentments that drive them apart, but these actors nail all that - and even more.
Atonal and aimless, it zigzags clumsily from mood to mood, without any clear direction.
Charlie McDowell's romantic brainteaser is disarmingly clever - too clever to spoil.
What question do the filmmakers want people to ask when it's over: "What happened?" or "What does it mean?" Clever and accomplished as it is, The One I Love prompts too much of the former.
They say never to judge a book by its cover, and quickly into The One I Love it becomes clear there is so much more here than meets the eye
While it may not seem like it, in a way this is one of the most original sci-fi/drama hybrids of recent memory.
An extremely interesting observation on the nature of falling in love, how we change and what we expect from our partners.
The One I Love is a winner that will likely be wonderful to revisit. B+
The film is guaranteed to spark debate amongst its viewers, which is a perfect testament to its greatness.
The film gets too caught up in the semi-farcical comings and goings of the two Sophies and Ethans to explore any of the issues it raises about relationships very deeply.
It's a very small-scale, unassuming relationship movie (with a heady little twist), but it sneaks up on you.
Strong performances from Mark Duplass and Elisabeth Moss are the highlight of a movie that may make married people nod in recognition but also shudder a little, too.
A tightly constructed and cleverly designed take on the modern love story.
On a moment-to-moment basis, this smoothly made film can be incredibly trying, even annoying, to watch, due to the grueling repetitiveness of the scenes and dialogue and the claustrophobia of the paradoxically beautiful setting.
Charlie McDowell makes an incredibly assured directorial debut with this smart crowd-pleaser, featuring spectacular performances from Mark Duplass and Elisabeth Moss.

@highlight

The One I Love doesn't take its intriguing premise quite as far as it could, but it still adds up to an ambitious, well-acted look at love and marriage.