A humorless feminist toga epic that fascinates with its intelligence and its abhorrence of the birth of Judeo/Christian culture.
Agora is intelligent, stirring and, as the cultural devastation wrought by religious zealots plays out on screen, heartbreaking.
Filled with literal and metaphysical stone throwing between the religions, Agora is saddled with a muddy narrative and too many blokes who look alike.
All brain, no heart.
Ambitious, sprawling and melodramatic, this sword-and-sandal epic lacks subtlety and struggles to provide much charm - ultimately dissolving into a rather obvious morality tale about the rise of fundamentalism.
This Spanish-produced period drama is pretty dreadful: the drama is torpid, the astronomy lessons pedantic, and the spear-and-sandal production values flat-out cheesy.
Un digno retrato de época - no exento de ciertas simplificaciones - que logra recuperar con interés un período histórico y una figura olvidada como la de Hipatia (buena labor de Rachel Weisz).
Agora could have been a powerfully subversive feminist film, but while it does have its moments it never truly lives up to its ambitious potential.
Somehow sessions of platonic inquiry interleaved with scenes of battle and riots do not make for a very gripping film. This one is sludgy in the extreme.
Earnest but dull, Agora is about the clash of science and religion, but the filmmaking elements never quite create the necessary sparks.
A flat-footed, studious stroll through what most folks would consider a long-forgotten chapter of history.
Alejandro Amenábar creates a palpable sense of place and never strays too far from his duty to stage big, sense-filling set pieces.
Well researched, and anchored by Rachel Weisz's impressive lead performance, this is a fascinating film that avoids the Hollywood epic route.
A contentious piece of history in which we see how the most primitive aspects of fundamental religious beliefs drove public life and generated hatreds ...
How can it be that this powerful, exciting, provocative movie has been all but overlooked this year?
Although the movie's history is spotty, its dialogue is sometimes clunky, and time frames are telescoped, its overall impact packs a powerful punch.
A landscape where heart and head can collide in a great fury, and when the world felt like it could go one way or the other.
Just preaching to the choir - even a secular choir - isn't enough.
Despite noble intentions and bloody nods to religious intolerance, this historic epic can feel like a drippy toga party
Manages to mix philosophy, history, hysteria and a love triangle and still be something of a bore.
Despite the bloodthirstiness of the Christian mob there's a surprising lack of dramatic tension.
All of the ideas and themes it puts forth are fascinating and could be quite enlightening for the modern age, if the film they were attached to was even a tiny bit fun to watch.
It's not perfect, but it's not like any other movie in theaters now.
Some may consider "Agora" sound history, others may label it heresy, but I call it thumping good drama.
Despite the open-air connotation of the title, there's a curiously constricted, even suffocating quality to 'Agora' that leaves it...a chore to sit through.
Agora, Alejandro Amenabar's absorbing historical drama, proves that, in an era of movies made for iPhones with artistic ambitions to match, there are still filmmakers willing to swing for the fences.
Where Agora sometimes fails as a film, it can never fail as a spark to ignite the fires of conversation. At last, this is a sword and sandal epic with its mind in the right place.
An interesting but often frustrating effort by the director of The Sea Inside, who proves that ambition and talent aren't enough to ensure a compelling drama.
A strikingly physical as well as thoughtful drama.
Agora is entertaining, and even at times illuminating.
This Agora is an expensive-looking update on an old De Mille-style extravaganza. It has many new and provocative ideas, certainly, but the same British accents and the same stodgy execution.
It's still more than watchable thanks to the ministrations of a talented director, Spain's Alejandro Amenábar, but the togas seem to have brought out the stiff, declamatory earnestness in everyone.
We're but tiny specks in the cosmos, a point Alejandro Amenábar drives home via nigh-omnipresent powers-of-10 shots...
I went to see Agora expecting an epic with swords, sandals and sex. I found swords and sandals, some unexpected opinions about sex, and a great deal more.
Weisz's yeoman efforts aside, Amenábar's sweepingly ambitious film never quite figures out how to do justice to its intriguing central figure. It's a story worth telling that could probably stand another try.
The production design and CGI are seamlessly joined and Amenabar uses some out of context, but fascinating, devices %u2013 a satellite view of the Earth centered on Alexandria (the perspective of God or gods?)
Agora feels like an overlong school trip to the planetarium, followed by a Romans-in-togas play in the gym.
The human story of Agora is not only smaller in scale than the sweep of geohistory but considerably less interesting.
Watchable, intelligent and provocative drama with a stunning central performance from Rachel Weisz...
Although the film's reception has been decidedly mixed, I am going to start thumping my tub for Rachel Weisz's inclusion in this year's Best Actress list, at the very least. She, and Amenábar's film, moved me to tears.
The balance tilts away from characters and mystery toward messages.
With fire in her eyes and the riddle of the solar system in her brain, Weisz struggles in fleshing out a historical character well worth a movie, though frustratingly sketchy as written here.
I wish the movie kind of caught fire for me.
Through it all, the actors play their roles with suspect conviction.
This lavish Spanish production begins to plod after a brisk, lively first half.
The biggest problem is that Gil and Amenábar haven't been able to make the script hold together and there are times, especially with the love triangle, when things veer into the cheesy.
It's a cycle of deranged depravity all done in the name of God, Gods and Goddesses, everyone certain in their beliefs and just as certain in their right to show no mercy to those who do not believe the same.
It's possible to admire the grand, sweeping ambitions poured into the production of Agora without having much use for the movie itself.
There are moments of lovely intimacy and emotional power at this intersection of faith, philosophy and physics.
A tedious, choppily edited, uninvolving mess that can't be saved by its provocative premise and Rachel Weisz's radiant performance.
Hypatia has been misrepresented for centuries as a martyr of religion's war on reason … a version of events traced to the anti-Catholic 18th-century writer Edward Gibbon and popularized by Carl Sagan.
The skeptical and the secular also need stories of martyrdom and rousing acts of cinematic preaching.
There are a few exciting battle sequences and the sets are lavish, but mostly the film meanders aimlessly for more than two hours. No wonder new sword-and-sandal movies are in short supply.
Amenabar's efforts to align the era's religious conflicts and culture wars with those of our own become thuddingly obvious, especially once the old-school brio of Agora's first hour has gone the way of the Roman Empire.
The sympathetic weight Amenábar places on the physical destruction of Pagan idols feels confused; is Paganism just another blood-soaked religion or the faith of choice for knowledge-seeking progressives?
insipid... your time would be better spent staring at the stars
A large-scale investigation into religious hysteria, the film is a stunning spectacle, piloted by a filmmaker drawn to the frayed ends of human irrationality...There's some truly exhilarating filmmaking to devour here.
To its credit, the film calls out Christianity's ignominious imperialism and locates a valid historical analogue to the religious extremism of today. Yet good intentions shan't save Amenbar from his own ham-fisted methods.
It's ye olde clash of religion and science, though the real struggle is between coherence and cockamamy grandiloquence.
Agora may be flawed as a narrative feature, but it is a first-class conversation starter.
A pointless spectacle that champions free-thinking intellectuals over violent zealots while ineffectually appealing to the same uncontrollable emotions it condemns.
Given all the weighty colloquia, Agora has remarkably few bad laughs, and the CGI re-creations of ancient Alexandria are so detailed I wanted to freeze the frame and linger on the city's layout.
Teeming with religious wilding, throng cheering, era exoticizing, government toppling, mob mentality temple smashing, and nonbeliever ambushing. And where the question of which adversary is on God's side is settled by who in the end is still left standing
One of the best films of 2010 which transports us to a place we've never been before and impresses us with the importance of hospitality and openness to the other.
For all of the massive sets and overstated rumination on the design of the universe, "Agora" is film that fails at every step to be believable.
A handsomely produced and generally well-acted film that favours philosophical, scientific and religious discussions over rampant toga tussling and sword slicing.
A swirling, big budget film that sometimes gets in the way of Rachel Weisz's excellent playing of the woman who ought to be better known.
They don't make 'em like this any more. And with good reason.
High-minded and ambitious, Agora is also resplendent and rich, full of striking images.
If you want something to engage the mind as well as set the blood boiling then it is an unexpected pleasure.
Alejandro Amenábar has made an ambitious, cerebral and complex movie set in fourth-century Alexandria, the era in which the famous library was destroyed.
Get past the togas and its somewhat stately pace, and here lies a movie with a timely message about the perils of religious intolerance.
The metaphysical moments inspire, but the earth bound action is mundane in the pejorative sense.
Always intelligent and thought-provoking, it's a welcome return from Amenábar.
A film that dares contemplate some huge themes, Agora shines light on a charming and neglected historical figure, but gets a little lost in trying to do too much aside from what ought to be its main focus.
The film's portrayal of how religious fervour can interrupt the progress of secular knowledge is acute and welcome.
An intoxicating film with a wonderful sincerity, Agora is a sword-and-sandals thriller that relishes the temples, scandals and religious upheaval of 4th-century Alexandria.
Director Alejandro Amenábar makes a powerful argument for independent thought over religious faith; his portrayal of the infamous raid on the library at Alexandria is devastating and masterfully shot.
Ancient history never looked so good.
Fans of historical dramas may love it, but you're in trouble when theories about the sun and earth are more involving than the interpersonal dramas.
The real triumph of the film - apart from a beautifully shot, grand-scale recreation of Alexandria - is how it illustrates the vital importance of asking questions.
...terminally uninvolving virtually from start to finish.
Behind the pomp and circumstance of the film's spectacle, Amenábar carefully organizes the dramatic details to prove that a marriage between logic and compassion is best. It's a message that often gets lost in this grand vision but a satisfying one.
Amenabar's take on the Hollywood epic is admittedly flawed, but it centers on an interesting, rare protagonist, a female scientist who's not defined by gender or sexuality.
It's an odd, uneasy mixture of sword-and-sandals epic and high-minded moral debate, but it's shot beautifully and there's no denying its ambition.
A great example of bravura filmmaking by a gifted young international filmmaker.
"Agora" occasionally hints at the interesting material embedded in its central conceits, but never manages to enliven it.
Agora ultimately fails to hang together narratively and does not engage on the same grand emotional level as the sword and sandal epics of old.
The mother of all secular humanists fights a losing battle against freshly minted religious zealots in "Agora," a visually imposing, high-minded epic.


@highlight

Noble goals and a gripping performance from Rachel Weisz can't save Agora from its muddled script, uneven acting, and choppy editing.