This is supposed to be the start of a new universe...I don't know what you're supposed to do after this.
The Mummy buries the clear moral themes that make superhero movies so popular. Making light of darkness may curse this franchise.
As a Mummy movie, it kinds of fails. They use world-building exposition to build the cinematic universe that they're going for, but in doing so, they sacrifice a cohesive plot.
The topper for me is the ending, however, which blatantly states everyone's intentions to make a sequel, and more. Really? I, for one, have already had enough.
Bad news: The Mummy has risen from the tomb, and it stinks!
People 13 and older are more likely to be offended by the fact they spent $15 on a ticket.
Buckle your seat-belts, because this looks like only the first of many more monstrous turds flung our way.
Even as a popcorn film, The Mummy is rather dull and a tonal mess, shifting from buddy comedy to CGI-actioner to chick-rescue flick to the rare but still very real Tom Cruise bomb.
There's a lot of fun action and jump scares in this new Mummy, but not enough substance to make a lasting impression.
"Where's your sense of adventure," asks military soldier/treasure hunter Nick (played by Tom Cruise with his usual charisma and flair for dangerous stunt work) to his partner. It's the same question I pose to The Mummy reboot
This incarnation of the wrapped figure is a dusty combination of Fatal Attraction and Mission: Impossible, making for one of the year's worst films.
The filmmakers take the sexist adage, "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned," to heart.
The Mummy films starring Brendan Fraser were campy fun. Here, it's another ball game altogether.
The first entry in Universal Pictures' monster franchise comes across as a desperate attempt by the studio to capitalise on Hollywood's current world-building frenzy.
This is meant to be a caper in the style, one imagines, of Indiana Jones, but it barely raises a laugh. Cruise may be many things but Harrison Ford he ain't. Or Michael Douglas, come to that.
The Mummy labors under its formula but there is some genuinely fun stuff in it.
The gaps in logic are more like crevasses and they occur right up to the credits.
The Mummy is truly a brilliant popcorn blockbuster that is fun and heartfelt and thrilling...
It has the definite stink of a filmmaking-by-committee project even without the franchise-building.
Let the dead continue to slumber. Please.
Tom Cruise's steadiness powers a lot of his late-period action movies. In The Mummy it starts to feel like a constraint.
There are some good spooky bits early on, but when the movie stops making sense, you'll stop paying attention.
Directed by Alex Kurtzman, this "Mummy" goes darker than the 1999 movie starring Brendan Fraser ... without crossing over into full-on horror.
It feels less like a movie than a series of compromises worked out by a corporate committee.
The sound and visual effects artists have also earned their salaries by creating a creepy Mummy with a distinctive voice. The screenplay isn't as strong.
The Mummy begins with one main premise: Tom Cruise still has it. It ends with a promise: Tom Cruise will always have it. Assuming you're on board with those statements, you'll have a blast.
Diverting by only the lowest of standards, this film is saved from one-star indignity by mere virtue of its production value. But make no mistake -- this is a bad movie.
A film that approaches Cruise like it's 1996. Never settles into a groove and it's constantly suffering from an identity crisis.
If this is a sign of things to come, the "Dark Universe" should be buried and left to rot beside "Dracula Untold."
It will be exceptionally difficult to imagine anyone sticking around long enough to see what the franchise's future installments have to offer.
You will not hate it but it's better to save your money and watch The Mummy with Brendan Fraser on Universal Channel, a little jewel that will put a smile on your face, this one instead will make you see double. [Full review in Spanish]
A fairly forgettable and ill-conceived summer blockbuster...
It's a shame that Universal has allowed the production of an insultingly weak product. [Full review in Spanish]
[The] direction is so unassured and nervous that it feels like he second guessed every choice in the film.
The main problem with this new version is that it doesn't know what it wants. Or, rather, it knows what it wants, but there are so many things that it ends up stumbling over itself. [Full review in Spanish]
This is the beginning of the "Dark Universe", and that only makes doubly painful this failed attempt to create a universe of films that could work better independently. [Full review in Spanish]
Sufficiently entertaining multiplex fodder, proficiently executed on a big scale with some neat signature scenes and enough loud noises to keep you awake.
The Mummy is a prime example of how a big studio can ruin a film by misdirecting its focus on spectacle over a cogent story, something that audiences have grown weary of.
If the future films are as monstrous as this one, it will be a dark universe indeed.
never really works because it is so focused on laying the groundwork for future installments that it sacrifices narrative engagement in the here and now.
The characters are empty and do nothing to prevent the movie from turning into a film where almost anything seems posible. [Full review in Spanish]
Some movies feel like they're made by a committee, The Mummy feels like it was made by a conference call during which nobody was listening to one another.
A product made just to copy the Marvel formula, but without understanding exactly why that formula has worked so well. [Full review in Spanish]
It's mildly entertaining, though its numerous famous screenwriters won't be bragging at parties about its originality.
I don't want my Mummy.
Remember the scene in Dawn of Justice where Batman sends Wonder Woman an email explaining the plot of the next film? That's the entire second act here.
Kurtzman prefers the kid fodder of zombies, rot and crazy double-irised eyeballs to romance. And by the time of the final wire-work fight, with Cruise and Boutelle throwing each other around the room, it's all just another bent tent pole.
Alex Kurtzman's The Mummy reboots a franchise I would gladly have dispensed with from the start.
You should skip it because it's worse than incompetent: It's soulless.
A film that could have been a perfectly serviceable Tom Cruise vehicle had it not also had to lay out an overarching mythology for Universal's so-called "Dark Universe".
Taken on its own, The Mummy is your standard sub-par summer blockbuster. The kind that will be forgotten very quickly. What makes the film worse is its standing as the apparent starting block for an ambitious new film series.
It took me a while but it finally clicked about an hour into Alex Kurtzman's hilarible The Mummy that the whole thing wasn't a really bad movie, but a really bad videogame in bad-movie form.
Not terribly terrible or terribly good, it is a terribly all over the place start to the Dark Universe but the ideas were there, they just needed coherently forming and not throwing together.
While it is a nice twist to make The Mummy a princess, Sofia Boutella's bringer of destruction feels like a sideshow in her own story.
Worst Movie I've Seen In Months
[The film is] its own kind of black magic: an absolutely putrid movie without any of the fun normally associated with putrid movies.
Had it not been for all the clumsy Dark Universe building, The Mummy might well have soared as an old-school, Gothic-era Monster Romp.
Universal Studios misses an opportunity to bring back their classic monsters, deploying a franchise that fails at its start and a tomb nearby to see their boxing intentions buried. [Full review in Spanish]
It reaches the minimum levels of entertainment but the truth is that we are before a film that it only goes halfway to what it aimed to be. [Full review in Spanish]
The characters read like they're from a recipe book, and, if we're being honest, it's a dish we've already had too many times.
The Mummy is a lumbering monster of a film. Despite its limited intelligence, however, it is still capable of maximum destruction.
Of the many huge problems with The Mummy, the most fatal is this: There's just plain no reason to care about any of it. (Splice Today)
The new Mummy is a woman, Princess Ahmanet (Sofia Boutella), whose lust to rule got her cursed and interred. Set free, she sucks the life from others and creates zombie servants. I'm not exactly sure you can chalk that up as a win for gender equality
Pathetic on just about every level.
The plot has more holes than Ahmanet's wrappings, the tone is all over the place, and the ending is a wreck. This is a terrible movie, yet somehow still kinda fun.
It's not enough to promise moviegoers that the two hours of movie they just sat through will pay off in another year or two or three, when the sequel arrives. They have to pay off now.
No, The Mummy is not a good movie... But I still liked it -- or at the very least, thoroughly enjoyed turning off my brain to watch -- and I'll probably watch it again, likely when I'm too lazy to find the remote to change it.
The soft and squishy ending serves to undercut any edge or originality the movie might have had and we wind up getting precisely what was advertised - some cool effects, a couple of thrills and not much more.
Even Cruise doesn't seem convinced by the setup.
Like the 1999 Mummy, this is built around its leading man rather than its menace - but Cruise, cast as a generic redeemable rogue (ie unlikeable asshole), brings to the game less than Dick Foran did for a fraction of the cost in The Mummy's Hand (1940).
In the end, the 2017 version mostly makes one yearn for the 1999 reboot... It isn't all bad, though... Tom makes getting beat down look believably good.
A plastic product made by mercenaries, pimps and profiteers rather than filmmakers who give a damn.
Tom Cruise is totally on Cruise control in this clunker of a movie. He's in great shape for the film, unfortunately the movie is not.
No amount of clunky expository dialogue can untangle this mess of bones, bandages and bald commercial cynicism.
It's not enough to copy your favourite movies, you have to understand why they work.
The Mummy is everything wrong with the current state of cinema. Hollywood is giving movie fans content they didn't ask for, and are expecting them to accept it with applause.
Without any sense of mystery, danger or fun, this superficial concept plays like an elaborate, expensive prologue for future films in the 'Dark Universe' franchise.
A futile attempt by Universal to revisit its glorious monster past, in one of the sorriest Mummy versions ever.
Is The Mummy any good? Not really, but it's OK. Is it good enough to launch a franchise? Absolutely not.
Miscast and misdirected, Cruise can't conquer the towering monstrosity that is Kurtzman's ugly, senseless, and boring monster movie.
As the beginning of an ongoing series, it's an utter bore, one with only the faintest grasp of what made Universal's monster pictures so iconic all those decades ago.
A plane crash scene is viscerally exciting, and sets up the movie's funniest line later on. But it cannot make its mind up whether it wants to be adventure, horror, or camp.
This Dark Universe looks more like a cheeky adaptation of League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. The best thing that can happen with the film is that the distributors realize that making universes is a bad idea. [Full review in Spanish]
You only have to watch the trailer to know that Producer-Director Alex Kurtzman's reboot of Brendan Fraser's once-charming mummy movies is full of embalming fluid.
The Dark Universe kick-off is not up to the level of previous expectations, much less does justice to the career of that Hollywood star that is Cruise. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is a series of failed attempts and combinations that don't fit. [Full review in Spanish]
While The Mummy isn't the big bang preferred to start the Dark Universe of classic monsters, it's a serviceable popcorn flick dangling hints of promising things to come.
Let's not mince words. As a kickoff to a proposed new series of films, dubbed the "Dark Universe"... The Mummy is a very bad movie.
The Mummy promises a fantastical world of supernatural beings colliding and collaborating, forgetting that if no one cares about any one of these beings in particular, they're not going to be sold on seeing them together, either.
The Mummy is just a desperate and insufficient attempt to wake the iconic monsters of Universal through a proposal of lax horror and little challenge. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not terrible, but it's also not a particularly auspicious start to a franchised series with so much riding on its hunched, ghoulish shoulders.
The Mummy is at best a muddled echo of the kinds of things that more seasoned franchises do much better.
The script lacks vigour, and overall the enterprise is hopelessly derivative.
A dreadful pastiche of tried-and-false devices from the Indiana Jones, Dracula, Living Dead, Fast & Furious franchises -- with a little Lawrence of Arabia.
A mummy movie should be creepy, but not in such a misanthropic and misogynistic sense.
There is something reassuring about seeing Cruise in the rough and tumble of escapist fare.
"The mummy" doesn't show anything new, but entertains. Recommended for special effects lovers and those who want to have a good time on the weekend. [Full review in Spanish]
The legendary movie monster has been resurrected so many times since 1932 that the latest reboot not only has no freshness, it's also scare-free.
The B-movie summer season is here with Tom Cruise backing into Indiana Jones.
Plays as if its creators spent too much time trying to guess what people wanted to see, and not enough on what kind of movie they'd like to make.
With a clunky script, uninspired female characters and, dare I say it, miscasting of Cruise, The Mummy is a tangle of ideas on a decomposing skeleton.
The Mummy suffers from indecision, doesn't know what kind of movie it wants to be. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Mummy" is a combo that offers fast food service for a less demanding moviegoer: it will fill while you eat, but it has no other value. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is correct, but doesn't deepen in the myth nor appeals to the saga that had moments of glory in the hand of classic horror cinema makers. [Full review in Spanish]
A hollow blockbuster experience, lacking in emotion and scares. [Full review in Spanish]
Once you dig beneath the slick surface, it's all quite formulaic and predictable, hardly bothering to explain the logic.
Universal's Dark Universe franchise stumbles badly in its first installment. The Mummy is a bloated spectacle with a weak script and terrible performances.
It doesn't really know what it is. In trying to offer a little bit of everything, it instead amounts to a lot of nothing.
A cheesy Tom Cruise rather lets it down, but there's still much to enjoy in this epic from co-producer, co-writer and director Alex Kurtzman, including Sofia Boutella's surprisingly impressive turn as the titular figure.
There are one or two fun moments, particularly when Boutella gets to cut loose, but she's a monster in dire need of more screentime and a much better film.
Even putting aside the basic filmmaking issues the movie has, where The Mummy suffers is trying to kickstart an entire universe in one film.
The Mummy is a mess, a movie in such a hurry to introduce more monsters under Universal's "Dark Universe" banner that it comes awkwardly wrapped in impenetrable layers of exposition.
The Mummy is the perfect movie if you love mindless big-budget special effects extravaganzas but absolutely hate having fun.
Despite all these connections, no one seemed to realize they were writing a script that, aside from a plane-crash sequence filmed in zero gravity, plays to exactly none of Cruise's strengths.
The Mummy is a solid start to a new series.
Glib, charmless, written-by-committee piffle with no character.
The action, as with most everything about The Mummy, is fine, rarely impressive, and never inventive.
Splurge on that bucket of soda and giant box of Goobers, but most importantly, enjoy your popcorn with The Mummy.
Cruise's The Mummy merely updates the horror genre to fit a meaningless, diversionary paradigm...[It] does little more than reflect dark, Millennial political unease.
The lurching undead may be necessary for this property, but the movie itself resembles them in all the wrong ways.
The Mummy enjoys itself by updating some corny old horror-flick clichés, but the application of uber-gizmo technology can't camouflage the absence of oomph in the screenplay.
A wise man once said, "Only a fool would make a campy horror movie into a serious drama." Actually, no one ever said that, but they should have, preferably on Tom Cruise's voicemail.
Far from leaving you excited by the prospect of a Dark Universe packed with monsters, The Mummy leaves you cursing your own misfortune at having been tricked into seeing it.
Everything on-screen has been extravagantly over-designed, with cavernous sets that have been made deliberately dark and sooty. But this leaves the entire movie feeling artificial, random mayhem in fake places.
This misbegotten, incoherent Mummy is a muddle of too much exposition, too many tired tropes from past Cruise movies and some of the worst plotting and dialogue this side of a creaky 1940s radio serial.
The plot was mindless, the characters lacked depth, and the overall film was incoherently busy.
If you're that hungry for a dark monster-o-rama universe... then, for the love of James Whale, Boris Karloff and Ernest Thesiger, go back and binge-watch the originals, then chase it with two seasons of Penny Dreadful.
The big problem with The Mummy is that too much junk has been loaded onto the story line.
The Mummy makes Tom Cruise's couch-jumping antics look sane.
It probably isn't much of a surprise to most people, but The Mummy is the kind of film you watch on a lazy weekend, splayed on the couch with nothing better to do.
I was curious enough about Universal's decision to exhume its classic monsters to hold on until the zombie crusader frogmen started swimming after amoral (but maybe-redeemable) soldier of fortune Tom Cruise. No one would blame you for checking out sooner.
The Mummy doesn't have anywhere near enough adequate bits to get people excited for its own third act -- which unfurls in a gigantic maelstrom of computerized effects -- much less a whole franchise.
It has been made with skill and hits its marks. But those marks are so low and so brazenly mercenary that it doesn't feel like much of an achievement. It's not involving.
The Mummy is a great big expensive mess of a movie. It has the visual ambitions of a Lawrence of Arabia as it uses the vast desert horizon as an existential reference, but it has the emotional depth of a Martin Lawrence Big Momma comedy.
The movie itself is rather like the Hollywood mummies of old: There it walks, lurching from side to side on rigid legs, deadly in its intent but uncertain of the right path, trailing bandages as it goes.
A soulless, flat insult to contemporary audiences.
Visual effects alone can't draw in an audience when a film is fatally overlong and we don't really care about the characters. I would offer one word of advice to the filmmakers, based on this cluttered remake of The Mummy: simplify.
Tom Cruise doesn't strike me as horror movie star. As if to prove the premise, he's in a horror movie that isn't that good. Needs a sense of humor & Cruise doesn't have one.
Somewhere, Brendan Fraser and awful early-200s CGI artists (remember the Scorpion King spinoff?) smirk in satisfaction.
This one is going in a lot of different directions at once.
Universal wants to establish a "dark" universe, but there's nothing dark about this movie at all except for its insistence to mute every color in existence.
The Mummy isn't a failure, exactly. In order to fail at something, one must try to do it well in the first place.
Kurtzman does a decent job with the film's tone, keeping it light and humorous, but the only thing at stake seems to be the future of the Dark Universe, which means more to Universal's bottom line than it does to modern audiences.
It's hard to tell if it's Cruise or the dragging weight of the movie, but he's almost totally devoid of the star power that makes the "Mission: Impossible" movies compulsively watchable.
Stunningly bad.
The reboot of The Mummy is a whole mish-mash of nothing. It's loud, it's action-packed, and it's full of Tom Cruise running, but barely anything about it is truly memorable.
I have never seen a movie work harder or more hopelessly...not merely to launch a new franchise, but to jump from a standing start into a full-blown Marvel-style shared cinematic universe in one go.
More sub-par Tom Cruise vehicle than entertaining monster movie.
When it sticks to thrills and spectacle and, you know, horror, there is unmistakably exciting potential in seeing the first glimpses of Universal's Dark Universe take shape.
Cruise's witty banter is crowded out by special-effects overkill.
Sandstorms, spiders, crows, rats, zombies... lots of zombies. Alas, nothing as exciting as a WWE star on his way to becoming Hollywood legend.
We all like a few hieroglyphics with our hokum, but this is too much, an absolute barrage of digitally enhanced silliness that not even Tom Cruise and Russell Crowe can save.
Universal's monster franchise has made it out of the tomb, just about - but if this rebirth is going to sustain itself long term, it's going to need a little more meat under its bandages.
It's a film that finds room for some truly excellent set-pieces, costume design, digital effects and sets, but just can't get one scene to engage with the next.
The only time that The Mummy does resemble that Boris Karloff original is in the way the plot staggers about in a multi-genre pile-up that perhaps seems over anxious to cover too many bases in one sweeping epic.
Going in to Alex Kurtzman's inaugural Dark Universe outing, The Mummy, I had a lot of excitement. Excitement that was quickly dashed.
Someone needs to plunge a wooden stake into the heart of this franchise. Yes, I know that's for vampires rather than mummies. But seriously, I'll try anything.
"The Mummy" is trying to do so many different things, has so many different reasons for being (not to mention so many screenwriters), that a kind of narrative chaos is the all but inevitable result.
A blaring, bloated zombie of a movie.
Kurtzman has a style that could generously be described as "accommodating." In lieu of any strong vision of his own, he seems content to assemble The Mummy out of a hodgepodge of commercial ideas.
The many pieces that inspired this uninspiring Mummy just don't fit together, making for a drab exercise that lacks focus
Always feels like a marketing strategy first and a movie second (sometimes a distant second).
Narratively incoherent and full of cheese and camp, this movie makes it clear that the mummy should have remained dead and buried.
[The Mummy] begins with B-movie fun, but descends into an impenetrable soup of battling pixels.
Did our hero even bother to read the script for this toxic CGI dump site?
Universal might have found more tonal consistency if it just straight-up remade Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein.
The big thrills and few laughs are no match for the cumbersome, convoluted story, not to mention the nonexistent chemistry between Cruise and Wallis.
That may sound like faint praise, but Universal's first chapter in its so-called Dark Universe franchise of gods and monsters is off to a fair start.
[T]his is a prime example of bait-and-switch advertising.
You're in for some big, dumb, freaky fun.
The director, Alex Kurtzman, jolly well keeps things moving, so that even when nothing in the film made much sense, I was reasonably caught up in the ridiculousness.
It lacks the adventure-for-adventure's sake quality of the previous franchise, also called The Mummy and starring Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz, and its attempts at humour are... unconvincing.
Despite a few hiccups of self-seriousness, there is a certain goofy tone that gets struck throughout that speaks of promise for the works to come.
Nothing quite comes together in this crazy mix of action, jokes, ancient curses and the undead, and even Tom Cruise's star power can't glue the thing together.
The action thriller The Mummy, meant to be the Big Bang of Universal's new "Dark Universe" franchise, is something of a wet firecracker, more a corporate-driven branding exercise than a living, breathing movie of its own.
There are a few amusing lines and creepy moments, but, between the headache-inducing flashbacks and hallucinations, the narrative would be easier to follow if it were written in hieroglyphics.
Kurtzman and his crew are ambitious in that they try to introduce the audience to several monsters at once, but the effort falls short.
Sometimes it takes a disaster of this magnitude to leave us hoping a studio will take a long hard look at the universe they're about to expand.
This "The Mummy" is a disjointed mess. It lacks horror and suspense. It is very generic and formulaic, as if written by rote, with a fill-in-the-monster-blank antagonist.
In an industry cursed by a paucity of ideas, The Mummy points to the future by exhuming the past.
This reboot, which Universal Studios is using to launch its cinematic monster franchise, is as stupid as it gets.
What struck me as delightful about this Mummy is the moment a portly Russell Crowe, with his voice deepened to Orson Wellesian octave, introduced himself as Dr. Henry Jekyll.
Frenetic action and some ghoulish effects make this anemic thriller a mindless piece of popcorn fare.
How fitting that the makers of this action-adventure movie about tomb raiders plunder the Universal Pictures vault, from the 1932 and 1999 versions of The Mummy to An American Werewolf in London and the Abbott and Costello monster fests.
"The Mummy" is the rare Cruise film that doesn't quite give audiences their money's worth.
At one point in "The Mummy," Tom Cruise is threatened with doom by a ghoul who warns him, "There are some fates worse than death." Starring in a film like this is one of them.
It provides the requisite thrills and chills one would expect without much downtime.
As for me, I'll be rewatching the crypt-cold classic Karloff version this evening to wash the digital sand out of my memory.
Smart, self-aware and fun, this is a vast improvement over the schizophrenic Brendan Fraser features. Indeed, this is an ambitious, world-building undertaking that succeeds in laying a firm foundation for creature features to come.
It contains zero scares and is devoid of any sense of fun. What it does have is whole lot of Tom Cruise, and a Mummy whose motivation feels very, very problematic.
The film offers Walking Dead style fights and clunky comedy blatantly ripped off from An American Werewolf In London. If Universal hope to take on Wonder Woman and Iron Man at the box office, they'll have to go back to the drawing board.
"The Mummy" is somewhat tasteless and always leaden.
Categorically the worst movie of Tom Cruise's career.
Cruise is badly miscast in one of the worst films of his career.
The Mummy has some thrilling sequences ... and is largely entertaining, but it is woefully short on story.
It's amazingly relentless in its naked borrowing from other, better horror and sci-fi movies.
A $125 million spectacle of marquee stars, eye-popping special effects and flashy setup.
The film might have been silly enough to be enjoyably camp. Instead it's a witless omnium gatherum of mongrel sources and clichés.
Make it stop, Mummy! I'm not scared, Mummy! I don't want whatever this thinks itself to be.
The movie is a pain in the sarcophagus. I fear that it will anger the gods.
It plays, in fact, like a movie directed by a producer, someone checking items off a to-do list rather than telling a story in a consistent tone.
Cruise runs and shouts his way through set pieces, while others mumble mythological explanations, and Ahmanet simply stands around showing off her hieroglyph tattoos.
Young viewers might be disturbed by the sight of Ahmanet's mouldy body desperately searching for new blood. Everyone else will just be depressed by the sight of a studio and star desperately doing the same.
A big, blustery, jokey special-effects-laden extravaganza that delivers few thrills and even fewer chills....this 'Mummy' should never have been unwrapped.
Though occasionally enlivened by Cruise's willingness to endure a nonstop gauntlet of humiliation, this is a modern blockbuster in many of the worst ways; it's noisy but rarely exciting, heavy on whizzing and whirling special effects but light on wonder.
Knight and Day with a bigger effects budget.
It's about nothing except Hollywood's deadly corporate impulse to set up a new franchise based on existing brand names.
How meh is The Mummy? Let me count the ways. For all the digital desperation from overworked computers, this Tom Cruise reboot lands onscreen with a resounding thud. Epic fail.
It will be argued that this one was made not for the critics but for the fans. Which is no doubt true. Every con game is played with suckers in mind.
The Mummy does what it's supposed to do with little originality and almost no life.
Cruise has made his name outrunning the bad guys. But for once, he's found a foe he can't elude -- the triumph of intellectual-property maintenance.
Falls apart at the end, rattling its bones through a series of shockingly violent clashes with Ahmanet. Ultimately, despite her awesome powers, this goddess is reduced to participating in a love triangle with mere mortals. How pedestrian.
Beyond the splendid visual effects & extravagant locations, the fun lies in watching Tom Cruise in top form, boyish charm intact, carrying the film with energy and charisma.
This is, for the most part, a well-made piece of summer entertainment. It just clobbers the viewer senseless with action.
The Mummy is, in so many ways, everything that is wrong with the IP era of film. So much so, that it is a shocking experience.
A messy and muddled product lacking even the carefree spirit of the Brendan Fraser Mummy trilogy.
a Monster Mash...The film resembles the studio's 2004 release "Van Helsing" more than its 1932 classic.
Universal is counting on "The Mummy" and its successors to make it a competitor with Disney/Marvel and Warner Bros./DC and their ever-expanding world of comic-book-based characters. Guys, you might want to have a backup plan.
It's brisk, competent, and kind of funny for about an hour ... before the sweaty labor of franchise-building starts to kick in.
This Mummy teems with promising ideas that never fully materialize.
...there are quite a few laughs to be had, some of which are definitely intentional.
Uneven, but plenty of fun.
The Mummy is overall a fun movie, doing what it says it's going to do: mildly entertain. But in the end, it's just "the meh-my."
This movie's a mess.
This Mummy plays like a wan assemblage of underdeveloped concepts.
As an introduction, it's functional. As a template for future films, it's a warning that Dark Universe filmmakers are going to need to think about the stories they're telling as much as the stories they're planning.
A corporate initiative masquerading as entertainment. They should have kept this under wraps.
The Mummy tries a fresh spin on the classic monster with a gender-swapped villain and Dark Universe connections but winds up a stale action reboot.
Too much is at stake throughout, leading to formulaic plot filler and exposition that snuff out the spark of the early scenes.
While it does take on the franchise burden in hefty doses, the film remains a fun, and funny, B-movie throughout.
The Mummy's true curse is that it's doomed to sacrifice its moments of fun, breezy spectacle for overwrought world-building.
It's tonally unsure of itself, the plot is littered with gaping story holes, and the general stupidity on display undercuts the pivotal efficiency required to make blockbuster movies of this kind hum and spin their wheels.
A cynical, incomprehensible compilation of things corporate America thinks viewers love.
And while there was a lot of action to be found, it's apparent early on that Kurtzman wasn't screwing around when it came to the horror aspects of The Mummy, making this action/horror hybrid a fantastic start to the new Dark Universe.
...a surprisingly fun, thrilling, and adventurous film that takes most of its cues from Indiana Jones than the horrors of a bygone era.
Though the movie gets off to a very sluggish start - and ends with an ever-so-slightly ungainly stumble -- it is for the most part an entertaining, if kind of silly adventure flick.
This latest remake or reboot (does anyone truly know the difference?) feels less alive than undead.
Begins entertainingly before miring itself in dialogue-light CGI pyrotechnics.
I'm not sure that this aimless, lukewarm, but occasionally rollicking take on The Mummy is how the studio dreamed that its Dark Universe would kick off. But it's just good enough to keep you curious about what comes next.
Whenever the action stops, though, the film becomes derivative and empty headed, Strip away the bandages and there really isn't very much here at all.
Kurtzman struggles to achieve a balance between capturing the essence and flavour of the original movies, while presenting a unique, standalone feature.
This big budget action adventure lumbers into cinemas and begs to be put out of its torment. Long before it ended, so did I.
There are moments where it reaches out for horror and produces something interesting and distinct from Hollywood's other blockbusters, but those moments are buried beneath unremarkable and, by the end, tedious action sequences.
This may be Tom Cruise's worst starring vehicle ever...
It's hard to muster anything like desire for another Dark Universe flick after seeing this limp, thrill-free debut.
A tomb full of action-packed guilty pleasure that owns its horror, humor and rampant silliness equally.
It's a ragbag of action scenes which needed to be bandaged more tightly.
Even Dwayne Johnson in the sequel of the 2009 reboot, The Scorpion King is more fun than this.
"The Mummy" is a literal-minded, bumptious monster mash of a movie. It keeps throwing things at you, and the more you learn about the ersatz intricacy of its "universe," the less compelling it becomes.
Even Tom Cruise cannot outrun this movie's problems.
It's not ground-breaking, but The Mummy is a breezy summer blockbuster that could be the start of an entertaining series.
The Mummy is defiantly not 'about' anything other than promoting its own franchise, and if that's all this series has to offer, why would we want to see any more of it?
The Mummy is a product of uninspired storytelling and a distracting focus on franchise world-building, rarely stopping to service the origin at hand.
"The Mummy" is a dated, empirically dismal, laughable excuse to kick off a franchise, and it should have remained entombed.
If you're bored and want to see a summer popcorn flick, The Mummy might be mildly satisfying.
Ultimately, The Mummy isn't absolutely terrible... there's a lot of potential here that's been squandered by including Cruise and Crowe.
An out-of-the-gate stumble that doesn't even have the sense to sport its own so-bad-it's-fun personality, barely qualifying as horror, adventure, fantasy, thriller, or even Tom Cruise vehicle.
There's a Jekyll-and-Hyde dynamic at work here. While the movie at its core boasts a fun, fast-moving vibe, its awkward, franchise-serving midsection undermines much of that.
Obviously the worst movie that Tom Cruise has ever made.
An entertaining action thriller slick in its filmmaking and pulsating with the charisma of its star talent.
A depressing watch, and not only because it's an awkward, misshapen mess. It's also because it finds the last classic movie star giving up and giving in.
An odd but frothily entertaining genre cocktail, which coasts on the charisma of its two biggest names and keeps things just fun enough to forgive its considerable lapses in narrative.
Action-packed and patently ridiculous, but all in good fun
As a story to speak to our hearts and minds, it's an utter failure, and perhaps so too even as a disposable corporate product.
Unlike the old movies that supposedly inspired it, "The Mummy" has no atmosphere, no menace, no romance.

@highlight

Lacking the campy fun of the franchise's most recent entries and failing to deliver many monster-movie thrills, The Mummy suggests a speedy unraveling for the Dark Universe.