"My Brother the Devil" offers something simultaneously, paradoxically rehashed and fresh.
An often gripping coming-of-age story involving rival gangs, societal pressures, self-discovery, brotherly affection, and drugs.
The attention El Hosaini gives to the physical structures in this neighbourhood is a poignant reminder of the lack of focus there generally is on the people who live inside them.
It's an impressive debut by a director blessed with a strong voice and a knack for bringing a specific cultural milieu to vibrant life, defying convention even while working within its strict limits.
My Brother the Devil brings a fresh and mature perspective to a story of shifting relationships between siblings, clearly marking the Egyptian-Welsh writer-director as someone on a path to greater things.
The film takes an insightful look at subtle cultural and socioeconomic differences, as well as similarities, during troubled economic times.
A story of brothers that's both tough and tender.
Ultimately feels a little flat, but there's promise that the director will carry on to stronger work, with several scenes here delivering exceptional grace and texture that all but guarantees a bright cinematic future.
Sally El Hosaini shows a deft hand in her story telling and direction belying her inexperience behind the camera.
When a both a dog and friend of Rashid's are killed in a violent gang encounter, El Hosaini frames both of their lifeless bodies on the street in a powerful image that tells of two innocents both bred to fight.
[El Hosaini] has a devil of a time getting a handle on this complicated story.
Familiar youth crime/coming-of-age framework, novel setting and focus group.
El Housani's freshman effort is certainly visually accomplished, but there's precious little meat on its bones.
"My Brother the Devil" is a promising debut that marks El Hosaini as a filmmaker to watch, but one still very much in the developmental stages.
Highly recommended. (Writer-director) El Hosaini handles the various volatile relationships within the film with intelligence and sensitivity.
An engrossing debut from director Sally El Hosaini, My Brother the Devil is as authentic, emotionally complex and powerfully acted as any film you'll see this year.
Unsure performances and some decades-old gangster-film stereotypes hamper this acute, beautifully shot portrait of Egyptian teenagers fighting to survive in a rough London neighborhood.
For at least part of its length, "My Brother the Devil" brings refreshing changes to a genre badly in need of them.
Nuances of faith, politics and sexual identity enrich what initially presents as a classic good son-bad son tale, and although the film's melting-pot patois is occasionally too dense to decipher, we get the gist.
El Hosaini fights the conventions of the brotherly gangster melodrama, but the conventions win.
With My Brother the Devil, writer-director Sally El Hosaini tells a story both operatic in its implications and quotidian in its sensory, day-to-day details.
It's refreshing to see a new generation reinterpret the classics. James Cagney would be proud.
It's far superior to what usually comes out of the British slums in the genre of gangland thrillers.
Even those who aren't well-versed in the-'hood-always-wins dramas can see what's coming.
A tender, bracing fraternal drama of London's gang life, the immigrant experience, and questions no smaller than what "manhood" might mean to young men whose traditional cultures are colliding with the worst-and the best-of the secular west.
There probably aren't too many Welsh-Egyptian writer-directors like newcomer Sally El Hosaini. But she's clearly representative of a new kind of diversity in modern Britain. And one which bodes well for its filmmaking future.
As well as touching upon everything from homophobia to terrorism and the merits of bacon, it delivers a heart-touching degree of optimism that's all too rare for this genre.
In the busy swirl of London urban dramas which fly in and out of our cinemas this thoughtful and powerful film stands above the crowd.
The performances are uneven, but as the brothers, Floyd and Elsayed are both rather good.
Sharply well-observed, this punchy British drama is packed with rising-star talent, including its gifted first-time writer-director, an engaging young cast and skilled cinematographer David Raedeker.
It's the twists in director and writer Sally El Hosaini's plot which set My Brother apart from the standard inner-city gang film.
El Hosaini's skill as a director, and her way with an excellent cast, eventually triumphs.
It becomes a winning mixture of Bullet Boy and My Beautiful Laundrette, and not nearly as dreary or dispiriting as you may fear.
It's an athletic, loose-limbed piece of movie-making, not perfect, but bursting with energy and adrenaline.
Just when you thought gun crime in London's East End couldn't possibly yield another movie worth seeing, along comes My Brother the Devil to show us what we've all been missing.
The plotting may be a tad unconvincing at times but the performances are outstanding.
Pays real dividends with controversial themes and issues dealt with simply and subtly to provide a genuinely authentic insight into a mob experience that dare not speak its name.
El Hosaini's voice remains crisp, cool and consistently street-smart.
A familiar story effectively re-invented, My Brother the Devil deals heartbreak, suspense and hope in equal measure.
A highly promising debut; if our credulity gets roughed up in places, its warmth, compassion and maturity bring a ray of sunshine to Brit-film's bleakest genre.
El Hosaini shows sensitivity to character and has a fresh, fluid style which imbues what could've been grim reality with optimism.
Original drama portrays siblings caught between traditional values and a life of crime.
All in all, it's a robust debut that demands anticipation for Hosaini's next work.
Sally El Hosaini brings sensitivity, distinctive identity and an invigorating adrenaline charge to a story of criminally inclined youth in suburban East London in her dynamic first feature.
An energetic and imaginative tale of siblings at a criminal crossroads.
The radiance of My Brother The Devil should also work as an audition tape for Letitia Wright.

@highlight

A tough, tender tale of familial angst with careful attention to detail, My Brother the Devil is a strong debut from director Sally El Hosaini.