Amid fearsome cataracts of disdain, Shannon somehow survives
Shannon seems like quite an unorthodox choice for such a subdued, minimalistic character, but White actually wrote the part for her and she does him proud.
Director Mike White is really good at creating an uneasy feeling in a normal setting. But the question remains, do you want him to?
SNL alum shines as grieving, lonely animal lover.
poly syntoma hanei to stoho toy kai to neronei me synaisthimatikizoyses katastaseis kai pepatimenes koinonikes eyaisthisies, arhizontas toys kykloys gyro ap' ta idia kai ta idia, alla toylahiston ehei merika haritomena kadrarismata kai tin Molly Shannon m
Despite director Mike White's ability to make the heartfelt moments count, the film never makes the grade. The title prompts great expectations for animal lovers; the result is a bit like a doggie bag with a taste of everything, but not enough of anything
Everyone knows dog people are a bit crazy, and this confirms it, in the nicest possible way.
What may catch audiences unawares is how unexpectedly life-affirming this little film about pet death is.
The trailer suggests a cheery comedy but brace yourself for some darkness in this shaggy dog story.
Movies need not always be uplifting. Comedies don't always have to be happy. That said Mike White's Year of the Dog is downright depressing without revealing much of the human condition it strives to.
This is a lovely little film about discovering your inner self, the passion that drives you, and then coming out with it.
Year of the Dog isn't quite the comedy it's been marketed as, but there's still a lot to chew on here, notably Molly Shannon's performance as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Loses its way, as if uncertain how to point out its moral and make us laugh at the same time.
With smashing performances and plenty of heart, it joins Bobcat Goldthwait's recent Sleeping Dogs as a worthy addition to 2007's woof-and-ready hall of fame.
Oddball comedy about a lonely, dog-loving secretary, Peggy (played, with unsettling intensity, by Molly Shannon).
Shannon, a born comic sidekick, cannot carry the central role; disappointingly, the story sputters out into a sentimental finale.
A bit of a dog's brunch.
As you would expect from a writer like Mike White, Year Of The Dog is a smartly scripted, darkly funny work. But from Molly Shannon's performance to White's own ability as a director of actors, there are plenty of pleasant surprises here.
John Cusack gives the performance of his life in this top-class horror.
White also appears to have lost his grip, taking wild stabs at comedy and tragedy and ending up with something that's fractured and fluffy, and definitely not as cute as it thinks it is.
The writer-director's real talent is in showing that we're all freaks and geeks in one way or another. It's just that some of us are better at hiding it than others...
Though the film falters in terms of its lack of a streamlined narrative, there is no denying that it is packed to the rafters with meaty ideas and characters who are charged with a satisfying moral ambivalence.
A risible piece of work with laughs that are likely to remain silent and inside, but they reach you.
With this film Mike White once again proves that he's got an eye for darkness and an ear for character that truly puts what passes for comedy in most films these days to shame.
Even as the film makes Peggy's life appear simple, the complexities she feels become clear in her responses to events that appear, at least at first, quite beyond her control.
frequently funny and sometimes touching, even though, like (Mike White's) earlier 'The Good Girl' and 'Chuck and Buck,' the comedy leaves a slightly sour aftertaste.
This is one of the most confounding films I've ever seen.
The characters in Year of the Dog are far more interesting than the events they take part in. And the setup is better than the payoff.
White, who shows promise as a director willing to steer us in unexpected directions, holds the comic moments on a pretty tight leash.
A surprisingly realistic but offbeat touching story that is both funny and sad.
A semi-satirical, sentimental comedy - for dog lovers, it could be a best-in-show.
If you really listen to Mike White's quirky but ultimately realistic view on life as its dealt out, you'll really enjoy this stellar effort from the burgeoning filmmaking talent.
Though still best known for her over-the-top "SNL" characters like Mary Katherine Gallagher and Sally O'Mally, Shannon is surprisingly adept at playing this quieter tragicomic role.
Mike White has had the courage to redirect his abundant quirkiness away from benign nerdiness and toward a quiet subversiveness.
Year of the Dog asks how far we should be willing to go for the love of animals, and for that matter, for love itself.
Writer-director Mike White goes for a more restrained approach with some laughs, but also an offbeat character study.
The best part of the film is Shannon, who shows surprising range here.
Shannon is fearless in depicting Peggy's emotional breakdown, but White can't seem to decide whether he's laughing at her or with her.
Finally, in "Year of the Dog" Shannon has found a project that amply plunges her persona for laughs and sighs.
Perfect gentle performance by Molly Shannon.
If you took everything I dislike about indie filmmaking, packed it all into one tube, and gave it a good squeeze, something like Year of the Dog would shoot out.
(Shannon) shelves her wacky, semi-intoxicated persona to bare her soul for the benefit of a vulnerable and tender comedy.
The film is simply too inconsistent in its writing and inadequate in its playing to click with an audience, or even to click with itself.
Clearly out of the ordinary. Then again, elephantiasis of the testicles is also out of the ordinary, and I wouldn't wish that on anyone, either.
Year of the Dog is lucky to have a pack of dogs running through the film. They provide the only warmth and energy to be found.
writer/director Mike White must know someone like this because he nails the characteristics of animal champions perfectly
Peggy's journey of alienation from her friends and co-workers reminds me of Julianne Moore's in Todd Haynes' masterpiece, 'Safe'; 'Dog' is a less mysterious film, but it similarly demands active rather than passive viewership.
Sometimes you pan a deadpan comedy because it's effectively dead.
Dark, quirky and unusually thoughtful.
White's humanist account of a woman more comfortable with animals than people is another intricately crosshatched sketch in his gallery of outsiders.
Surrounded by a strong cast, including Laura Dern as Peggy's insufferably protective sister-in-law, Shannon holds her own.
White's flat visual style and haiku-droll sensibility are like a form of cubicle art that manages to express more about the occupant than a thousand words ever could.
There are those who believe empathy is the quality that separates man from beast, but what does it say that White directs his compassion exclusively toward animals?
Is Year of the Dog a comedy? A tragedy? A celebration? A cautionary tale? Actually, it's all of the above.
Much is said in little moments: The entire cast offers jots of humor and insight, from Reilly and Sarsgaard to Laura Dern as a spiny sister-in-law and Regina King as Layla, a vehemently supportive friend.
Year of the Dog is a feel-good, feel-bad movie about personal choice in the face of an overwhelming world. It brings more than you expect and leaves you wondering. How extraordinarily brave.
Year of the Dog has been perfectly cast, and Shannon is a small revelation; shorn of the antic energy she has invested in her sketch characters and, given an actual character to play, she accomplishes something welcome and unexpected.
Year of the Dog has a sweetly off-kilter quality about it, and it also lays claim to an additional virtue: It probably won't remind you of every other dog movie you've ever seen.
Is it possible for a movie to anthromorphize humans?
Despite the gimmicky direction and a disappointing climax, this is a distinctive and unsettling comedy.
Mike White knows awkward.
We're asked to laugh at her. Then we're asked to be ashamed of our laughter. It's a delicate balance, and White and his actors pull it off magnificently.
You could see the film as the making of Crazy Dog Lady or as the story of a bereaved woman finding her true passion in life. Personally, I lean toward the former.
Even Peggy gets to feel something at the end of the film. The same invitation is not extended to the viewer.
A film that can make you laugh without making you feel anything ... except maybe a little weariness for self-consciously quirky movies about unusual loners.
True harmless joy is so rare in this world that we dare not begrudge it to anyone, wherever it happens to lie.
The mood [White] creates, the subject matter he tackles, shows a rainbow coalition of dysfunction. And that makes Year of the Dog good, if strangely uncomfortable, viewing.
It's a movie in mourning, a dark comedy where we never quite see the light at the end of the tunnel.
The bittersweet Dog is a film that whimpers rather than barks.
By the time Year of the Dog decides it has something to say, you'll already be bored by the 45 minutes of ineffectual torpor that precedes it.
Sure, the film seems formulaic, plays out at times in a clunky fashion as one storyline stops abruptly and another picks up. But by the end, it will have you rooting for this sad woman, that she can find the happiness that eludes her.
Stereotypical, uninteresting or just annoying characters saddled with a boring script and straight-on headshot cinematography add up to a film to miss.
An intriguing (if decidedly uneven) debut effort.
A gentle, melancholy and silly movie about a loner whose only secure source of affection is her beagle.
There's a lot of truth and beauty in Year of the Dog, and most of it radiates from the performance of Molly Shannon.
If you have a taste for off-center characters, you're barking up the right tree.
There's an undeniable sweetness to the movie's celebration of surrendering to one's best self.
It's enjoyable in a dry but fervent way that most American comedies aren't.
A charming film that is neither saccharin nor sanctimonious as it treads the well-worn romantic comedy genre, not so much dismantling it as rearranging it just enough to make it interesting -- and perhaps just a little scary.
A highly impressive work in which White and Shannon have joined forces to give us a darkly funny and strangely emotional meditation on grief and the extremes that people sometimes go to in order to deal with a sudden tragedy.
Evinces an appealing sentimentality without being maudlin or only puppy-dog cute.
[Writer-director White] is perceptive and gentle enough a director to allow Peggy to become a dog person of tragic proportions without laughing at her. He's a humorist with a humane core.
Year of the Dog succeeds in drawing you in, making you look at the world from her perspective. By the end of the movie, you will recognize what kind of a person she is -- and you'll understand how she came to be that way.
In the end, [writer-director] White settles for some unearned and unpersuasive optimism, which, in Hollywood scriptwriting, serves as shorthand for poignancy.
Shannon's journey into darkness seems to have no real purpose other than turning into a depressing spectacle.
Year of the Dogis long-time screenwriter White's first turn as director, and he leans on the crutch of the written word to spell everything out. It leaves Dog with a conclusion that feels dictated rather than dramatized.
Year of the Dog is one of those quirky little movies that you marvel ever got made while being supremely grateful that it did. It's hard to even categorize.
[Writer-director Mike White] always had a knack for writing character-revealing moments; this time he demonstrates a talent for handling actors as well.
Neither extreme of the animal rights debate can take comfort from this take-no-prisoners comedy. Frequently disturbing but always compelling, Year of the Dog barks for attention from the right kind of audience.
undercooked script and flat direction ... but, if you feel you need a lecture on animal activism and the importance of a vegan lifestyle, it does do it in a quasi-comedic fashion.
Thrives on bone-dry humor.
...infuses one of society's standard wallflowers, the single dog-lady, with uncommon dignity. She's weird, but wonderfully so.
At his best, [Mike] White's writing straddles the line between the comedy and the cruelty of emotional pain...
A sweet flick for anyone who sees dogs as furry people with bad breath and big hearts.
Canines hear sounds inaudible to human ears. Maybe the same is true of the humor in Year of the Dog.
An extraordinary blend of the humorous and the sad...a sweetly empathetic study of society's emotional fringe-dwellers.
I think [White] does a nice job of navigating that very tricky material.
The movie's meaning seems to be: we're all crippled in some way, so just live with it -- celebrate it, even. That isn't satire; it's moss-brained sentiment that turns 'sensitivity' into a dimly dejected view of life.
Peggy is an admirable woman, get that, and not to pitied. Or is she? I wasn't and still am not sure
"Year of the Dog" is ugly, boring and unfunny. The characters are badly drawn, poorly acted (and this with a killer cast, too). And the "it's hard to be a fanatic, but it's worth it" message is telegraphed in a particularly unappealing way
White's gently perceptive film is a funny, poignant, emotionally honest minor-key character study about a painfully shy woman whose scary, uncertain adult life begins when her dog's happy little existence ends.
Poignant but not sappy and darkly funny without being farcical.
A bittersweet dark comedy about a lonely middle-aged woman who finds that animals are the only beings she can truly rely on.
White has an outsider's sympathy for Peggy's loss and instinctively understands how the selfishness of people can drive a sensitive person to the company of animals.
The filmmaker carefully avoids over-sentimentalizing the emotionally charged story, mostly striking a nice balance of pathos and humor.
There's nothing wrong with ambiguity, but Year of the Dog seems more like a film that had a point of view, in some early draft, and then lost it in rewrites.
A very low-key, well-acted dramedy.
While some may be put off by Peggy's wild-eyed mania, and the film's broadly comic tone, Shannon makes this lost spirit strikingly sympathetic.
In Shannon, [White] has an actress capable of making you empathize with Peggy and agonize over her smart and foolish choices.
Were there a less compelling figure at its core, it might have been a disaster.
Year of the Dog is funny ha-ha but firmly in touch with its downer side, which means it's also funny in a kind of existential way.
Molly Shannon tones down her live-wire antics to play her first "normal" person%u2026or, to be more accurate, White's version of a "normal" person.
A sweet, heartfelt film, Year of the Dog is a nice alternative to some of the other fare out there, perfect for a fun date night flick or a girls' night out.
A quiet, disappointing character study. The film is a little too smug and quirky for its own good.
Minimalist non-romantic comedy from debut writer/director Mike White (writer on "School of Rock") asserts that substituting the love of animals is equal to or even greater than spending time with people.
If you've ever wondered where organizations like PETA, Al Queda, and The 700 Club find members then here's the answer.
has good intentions and a golden heart, but that doesn't take you that far
Anybody who has lost a cherished pet will feel Peggy's pain. Her subsequent, over-the-top obsession and the changes it entails in her life is the meat and potatoes...
White is a clever writer, and many of his best lines will sneak up on you long after you leave the theater. There's a stealthy sweetness to the movie, a desire to understand those who go their own way, that would seem to be his ultimate aim.
This decidedly odd little character study is always engrossing because we're never sure what Peggy will do next and Shannon plays her as a mouse who dares to roar.
Every time I felt myself becoming more connected to Peggy suddenly the film would take a left turn into obnoxious quirky weirdness which left me scratching my head.
There's a good subject buried here: The way the lives of animal lovers can be upended by the loss of a pet.
[An] eccentric, affecting comedy.
A charming slice-of-life...Molly Shannon gives a multifaceted Oscar-caliber performance of insight and subtlety.
A reality-based fairy tale of Southern California as a sun-kissed land filled with normal-looking obsessives, of whom Peggy is by far the least doctrinaire going in.
That's 15 hours and 45 minutes in dog hours, and let me tell you, it damn well feels like it.
I mean no impertinence when I say that as a portrait of love and grief, writer-director Mike White's exceptional film Year of the Dog deserves the same admiration accorded Joan Didion's exceptional memoir The Year of Magical Thinking.
What could have been a feel-good performance from Molly Shannon is instead delicate, poignant, and an unexpected display of dramatic mastery from an actress who's made her name with comedy.
The movie is original and disappointing at the same time. But I still have faith in Mike White.
A touching comedy about a lonely young woman who follows her bliss and finds all she needs in the companionship of animals.
Shannon's richly minimal performance-a series of reactions, most ranging from deadpan to perturbed -- derives pathos from the familiarly elemental: happy, sad, bitter.
Molly Shannon's tragically kooky protagonist samples both human and canine companionship in the search for an ideal mate.
Minor but moving, it's a story about, and for, outsiders...and PETA members as well.
Perhaps one of the great dog stories ever.
Best thing to be said about this fluffy crowd-pleaser is that contrary to Hollywood's dictum (beware of children and animals), the dogs, cute and reliable as they are, don't steal the show from Shannon who holds the uneven feature on her solid shoulders
It's a testament to writer/director Mike White's talents that Peggy's miseries are shown as humorously tragic, but also simply, plainly painful.
Year of the Dog is an enjoyable, patchy, rambling affair, a series of bittersweet comic sketches strung together with thin wire.
The supporting cast of Mike White's directorial debut offer plenty of laughs, but it always comes down to Molly Shannon being the movie's weak link.
Molly Shannon's bittersweet portrayal of its lonely canine-loving heroine, along with a passel of pups trying to steal the picture, make for a satisfyingand funny, if ironic, comedy intended for lovers of both the beast and/or sophisticated laughs.
Year of the Dog ambles with both light humor and dark insights. Filmmaker Mike White's easy comic touch graces the storyline, unleashing some amusing comic characters, as well.




@highlight

Year of the Dog is a warm and quirky comedy that never condescends to its eccentric characters.