After watching his directorial debut, Wah-Wah, I'd like [Richard] Grant to stay in front of the camera.
Emily Watson is delightful as the American step-mother, as is the rest of the ensemble.
Grant has crafted a handsome period piece that never betrays his first-timer status.
While this is clearly a very personal film for Grant, and he seems to want to tackle some serious issues, his vision is too clouded by nostalgia to be truly compelling.
Grant is an impressively assured filmmaker, especially for a first-timer.
Only occasionally successful . . .
Wah-Wah is never less than good but it's also never quite great.
Full of too much blah, blah. And way too much of the shrill, shrieking, screaming, carrying-on variety.
The lush African setting sets this coming-of-age saga apart - it's too bad Grant didn't use it for more than picture-postcard backdrops.
Ralph's life, at least as it's presented here, isn't all that interesting, and Grant fails to elevate the ordinary into anything more than that.
I admired the movie and was happy to see it but can think of two other films about whites in Africa that do a better job of seeing their roles.
I admire how Grant's writing and direction take Africa for granted (pardon the pun) in the sense that we are spared longing long shots of landscapes and similar signs of awestruck filmmaking. It's is the real thing, no wah-wah about it.
Watching it is like trying to assemble a puzzle that's missing pieces: You can see the outline of a story, and some shapes fit neatly together, but there are undeniable holes.
Rare is the honest labor of love that doesn't have some redeeming value, and Wah-Wah ultimately wins you over with its sincerity.
The film "Wah-Wah" comes across as contrived and artificial.
We've seen these characters before, and aside from Ruby, they aren't all that fascinating.
Deftly balancing the end of British colonialism in Africa against a family's painful disintegration, Wah-Wah marks the impressive directing debut of Richard E. Grant.
The actors give it a spark, and Grant directs his fine cast with sureness.
Maybe the film is loyal to memory, yet it loses steam while gaining speed. The plot becomes a turnstile.
Both tragic and very funny, an accurate snapshot of adolescence and a glimpse of the transformative power of art.
What is understandably a subject of great fascination to [Grant] soon becomes a crashing bore to us.
An unforced, engaging and surprisingly incisive account of the disintegration of British rule in Africa.
The film is so well acted -- by Byrne, who makes Harry's internalized agonies and continuously carried torch for his ex-wife touching, and by Watson and Hoult -- that its more cloying moments ... are a moot point.
Engaging, deeply personal film with strong performances and impressive cinematography - this is an assured debut by Grant.
Gabriel Byrne gives a great performance as Ralph's troubled father, Harry, and Miranda Richardson and Emily Watson are enjoyable as Harry's wife and American lover.
The characters may be based on real people, but they fail to spring to life onscreen. As a result, their histrionics often are laughable, like the over-the-top shenanigans in a Douglas Sirk melodrama.
Although it's based on a fount of real feeling and well-observed detail, and although a starry cast does strong work, the film is an overheated hodgepodge, clumsily staged and edited and smaller in its impact than you would wish from the sum of its parts.
In the end, the film isn't saying much at all.
Grant's personal experiences and his sense of British quirkiness lend the story a great deal of authenticity.
What the movie lacks in depth -- it's really little more than a glimpse of this boy and these people in this place at this time -- it makes up for in its well-observed details and sneaky humor.
A somewhat unsettled balance between domestic and epic, serious drama and nostalgic recollection.
The only feeling it successfully provokes is annoyance. By the time it's over, you feel like slapping some sense into the lot of them.
The movie, in recounting all this personal and national upheaval, seems curiously, almost inappropriately nostalgic rather than subversive, revisionist, or informed.
Suggests a British colonial version of The Squid And The Whale
... this is a melodramatic, slow-moving soap opera filled with shrill caricatures.
An incisively observed, richly detailed and wonderfully unpredictable portrait of a young man's journey to maturity,...a singularly affecting movie.
Although it's clearly a personal story, Wah-Wah proves as formulaic and meandering as its satirical targets are bloated and obvious.
The sort of film that's obviously deeply meaningful to the filmmaker, but he fails to make it particularly meaningful to you.
Though the raw material is juicy stuff, the details and the larger picture never come together and the cast is uneven.
Decadence as metaphor for decadence, how original.
The film plays like a scattered collection of memories rather than a straight story. The emotional and political aspects of the movie never converge to make a point.
The story lacks focus. The senses blur as wives and ex-wives come and go, and Harry regularly falls off the wagon, only to reform the next day.
As a story, Wah-Wah is far from perfect, but its wonderful cast brings it a complexity all too rare today.
Grant captures the essence both of boyhood rites of passage and a particular time and place for which he clearly holds affection, bumps, ruts and all.
Grant opens up his life, not with embarrassment or explanation but with humanity and gratitude. Emotional, melodramatic and sentimental, the film unabashedly wears its heart on its sleeve, and is the better for it.
A perfectly respectable filmmaking debut, Wah-Wah simply leaves us feeling that there could have been more to the story.
A lovably eccentric actor, Mr. Grant has created a lovably eccentric dramady.
Theatrical in the worst possible way. People are so busy shouting out abuse, or delivering it, that you wonder if the entire cast is somehow hard of hearing.
The film has that Merchant-Ivory look and feel to it (which means grade A cinematography, a first-rate British cast, and a scandal).
Grant's unblinking but sympathetic depiction of this emotionally unhinged world makes the viewer feel like an illicit, enlightened gawker, and it has the enormous fringe benefit of fine performers.
Set to the death rattle of the British Empire in Africa, Wah-Wah observes the disintegration of the Compton family through the eyes of its young son, Ralph.
Switching hats from actor to writer/director, Grant smoothly serves up everything you expect in a coming-of-age tale.
As you'd expect, Grant works expertly with a terrific ensemble.
Above all, the film has a wonderful sense of ensemble in the portrayal of its inbred community, and the focus stays tight on the people rather than political events.
[Grant's] ambitions to make a movie about the loss of innocence and the passing of empire are unrealized, but there are some fine grace notes and a few resounding minor chords to be heard along the way.
Wah-Wah is guilty of numerous crimes: sweeping theme music, meaningful close-ups, endless sunsets, a boatload of quirky supporting characters who fail to entertain.
An overdeveloped coming-of-age potboiler set on the eve of Swaziland's independence.
That the film is semi- autobiographical for caustic actor-turned-writer-director Richard E. Grant helps explain its severely, sometimes laughably bitter tone.
As coming of age stories go, Wah-Wah does little to distinguish itself.
Wah-Wah is an absorbing and passionate film. Too bad it's so superficial.
It's a remarkable ode to both an imperfect father and an emerging nation.
There are worse things than catching your parents doing the dirty, like watching a film reduce an African nation's black populace to window dressing.
not quite worthy of those on screen
Effective sendup of British colonial rule in Africa.
It is a story with strong drama, but as tales of painful pasts go it is not particularly new or unusual.
...we've seen this sort of film countless times before...
No one will accuse Grant of wallowing in nostalgia.


@highlight

The ensemble cast is strong, but they get overpowered by the muddled stew of melodrama.