I despise this movie, more or less, for the promises it squanders.
It's a hard film to like, but it's even harder to dismiss, simply because it's never less than absolutely fascinating.
[Its] off-the-charts screwiness obscures virtually all shortcomings.
While you might not come away from a viewing feeling entirely satisfied, you will almost certainly have lots to talk about.
Tykwer squeezes every possible drop of melodramatic beauty out of this material. ...But the gorgeous visuals aren't enough to keep the drama from occasionally degenerating into beautifully produced hokum.
Una estupenda reconstrucción histórica y un atractivo tratamiento visual son los principales valores de esta interesante aunque irregular adaptación.
Plenty of high profile movies are about the tormented lives of artists. Perfume: The Story of a Murderer takes it up a notch: It's a legitimate artwork.
Agree or disagree, this is a work so bold and provocative and distinctive that it demands to be seen.
In a time when the serial killer subgenre is practically the definition of derivative, Perfume is %u2013 for better or for worse %u2013 a whiff of something uniquely fresh.
Ghastly and horrific, entertaining and mesmerizing, and it smells fantastic.
An intoxicating fable about a man whose phenomenal sense of smell sets him on an irrevocable course, Perfume is a captivating, if overlong adaptation.
We want to root for him, but he is more of a villain. The dichotomy is savory.
Stanley Kubrick e Martin Scorsese chegaram a declarar que [Perfume], livro do alemão Patrick Süskind, seria "infilmável". Pois até os gênios erram.
The script, such as it is, takes the form of a kinky fairy tale set in a violent, brutish world; imagine the Brothers Grimm rewritten by Charles Dickens as a letter to Penthouse Forum.
Tykwer loses his cinematic grip when he tries to blend murder and piety. In his hands, the two don't emulsify.
Tykwer's direction is solid, Whishaw lends a weight to the character and despite having little dialogue delivers a masterful performance. Of the large supporting cast, [Rachel] Hurd-Wood is a pleasant surprise and Alan Rickman as her protective father off
Unpleasant yet intriguing, Perfume isn't exactly a breath of fresh air -- it's more like having smelling salts applied to one's cinematic experience.
It's surprising that the director of Run Lola Run didn't make a movie that's lighter on its feet.
Perfume is a strange but beguiling film that, like an intoxicating scent, stirs the imagination.
Perfume: The Story of a Murderer is another nauseous example of style over content: a toxic tale of serial homicide set in 18th-century France that creeps you out faster than it makes you think.
Keeps the essence which made the novel such a scabrous, compelling read ... even in January, this deliriously loopy black comedy just may be the film of the year.
The film itself is way too long, culminating in a ludicrous orgy scene.....
....overcomes a laborious start to end in a breathtaking, whirlwind finish.....
Hated this movie. Hated it.
Another compelling work from Tykwer, however unpleasant.
Perfume has great moments of beauty and of audacity.
Grenouille's obsession is, in the end, much like that of the less ornately literary killers who precede him, producing desperately conventional spectacles of dead girls.
Perfume: The Story of a Murderer never tries to make Jean-Baptiste sympathetic but he's not rendered monstrous, either: He just is a victim of a passion larger and more powerful than any one man can handle.
Tykwer's smash-and-grab directing style lacks the magisterial flair of the original novel by Patrick Suskind, which was celebrated by no less than John Updike in The New Yorker. It's hard to judge a book right after you've seen the movie, but I hated it.
[The filmmakers] render a portrait of Paris that both delights and overwhelms the senses. This is a movie where eyes turn into noses, which may run at the many ghastly sights presented.
Tykwer, best known for the ultramodern chase movie Run Lola Run, would seem an unusual choice for a period film, but he infuses the sometimes stately story with vigor; though well past two and a half hours, it never feels long.
The movie talks suggestively about smells but can't quite find a way to bring them to life, so [director Tom] Tykwer uses images to rub our noses in as many disgusting things as he can.
The movie is lost. Whishaw succeeds in making the repulsive protagonist thoroughly repulsive, which is probably a testimony to his acting ability. But it doesn't make it anything worth watching.
Director Tom Tykwer masterfully conveys the sensuality of smell via captivating images. The intriguing performance by newcomer Ben Whishaw conveys the profound effect of his supersensitive nose.
Even if that broad interpretation -- that art is worth any human cost, that identity can be put on, like a scent -- leaves you cold, there's a world to immerse yourself in, a killer to be pursued, and an innocent to be feared for.
Whishaw's oddly charismatic performance makes the despicable Grenouille into an almost sympathetic antihero. The rather astonishing finale will likely have audiences either howling in derision or ardently dissecting afterward.
Perfume is not gratuitously violent, nor does it focus on the act of murder itself. There are numerous suspenseful and creepy scenes showing Jean-Baptiste at work, but, primarily, the movie is the study of a troubled human being.
The movie is pretty to look at, but over-long and, in the end, self-conscious. What a disappointment.
Lush visuals and lusty, rhapsodic language bring Perfume as close as cinematically possible to capturing an elusive sense.
Perfume, a fast-paced allegorical tale about the pursuit of perfection, may fill the senses for its duration, but without a discernible psychological essence it does not linger for long.
Tykwer has to set a unique tone here -- fairy tales about serial killers being somewhat rare -- and he manages the absurdity of his subject matter well, keeping Jean-Baptiste right on the edge between monster and genius.
Director Tom Tykwer can be commended for capturing so much of the book's mélange of pleasure, pain and longing for the impossible in Perfume, which is at least the most elegant movie yet made about the exploits of a serial killer.
Perfume reminds us that the line between masterwork and folly can be awfully thin. But the movie contains so many beautiful and unsettling moments that it earns a right to be seen, if not fully embraced.
So rich is the book's language about our scented world, it was difficult to imagine a movie capturing the texture of its remarkable and elusive character. Yet, Tykwer and his crew make pungent work of Grenouille's world.
Most horror movies try to show us the man inside the monster. Perfume: The Story of a Murderer shows us a man who is all monster, whose colossal amorality makes him a potential Messiah or menace to humanity.
Despite a fairly spectacular climax, the material's generic limitations eventually catch up with the plot.
The director stays true to the source novel even when it lifts into a magical realism that works only on the page, and his faithfulness betrays him. Perfume is a thriller that Hobbes might have envied.
By the time the mad finale rolls around, the viewer will feel had, for Perfume grasps for significance where there is none to be found.
There's something, radiating out from Whishaw's cipher of a performance, smelly at the core of Perfume that no amount of artifice can cover up.
Director Tom Tykwer's creative style of storytelling makes Perfume a compelling view, but a depraved protagonist and distasteful plot give the film an overall foul odor.
It is refreshing to see Rickman in a heroic role, but everything else about this overripe travesty reeks to high heaven.
An extremely ambitious and spectacularly produced thriller indebted to the 1960s tradition of the 'giallo'...
Bizarre, macabre fantasy that's intoxicating but repellent.
It ventures so fearlessly down one limited, terrifying, seductive dead end, and finds there a solution both sublime and horrifying. It took imagination to tell it, courage to film it, thought to act it, and from the audience it requires a brave curiosity.
Starts off on the wrong foot with the wrong tone, then keeps stumbling and bumbling its way to a climax half the people who buy tickets will never see because they will walk out in frustration or disbelief.
The climax of the film -- quite literally -- is so silly and preposterous that we're likely to leave the theater either laughing at it or grumbling about how such a good idea for a movie could have been so diluted: not perfume, but cheap cologne.
Cinematically, the [novel's] concept comes off as laughably ludicrous. And the unconvincing period trappings and performances in this adaptation certainly don't help.
The film is downright repulsive in places, and otherwise pushes the envelope for an art film, but it's a dazzling piece of filmmaking that wins us over with its boldness and artistry.
The film is an uneven experience.
No movie has ever engaged me quite the way Perfume did, casting a spell during that first half-hour that lasted until I left the theater.
There's a vacuum at the heart of this gothic melodrama. The intent is frustratingly cloudy, and the visuals are more resonant than the performances.
A film can reek equally of fine craftsmanship and piping-hot dung, and the proof's in Perfume: The Story of a Murderer.
Jack the Ripper meets Scent of a Woman in Perfume: The Story of a Murderer, an example of why certain books are deemed unfilmable, no matter how talented those involved are.
It's rare to encounter a movie as aggressive in its ridiculousness as Perfume: The Story of a Murderer. So, credit where credit is due: This is an extremely ambitious terrible film.
A noble experiment in pushing the limits of cinema, but one too many sequences of ruffling silks and dreamy flower bouquets evoke little more than the ad-agency clichés of an elongated Chanel No. 5 commercial.
Whishaw's murderer is presented as neither monster nor lunatic, but as a guy who just needs to kill women. After a while, the viewer is likely to start planning his own escape.
This is a thoroughly enjoyable, brilliantly directed thriller with a great script and a terrific central performance from Ben Whishaw. One of the best films of the year. Unmissable.
Call him Jack the Sniffer.
Perfume misses some of the subtler base notes of Süskind's creepier, more self-aware original, but Whishaw and Tykwer blend the movie into something quite heady in its own bottle.
It is Tykwer's particular cinematic gift that he can recreate the inner universe that his characters inhabit to such an extent that said subjective universe seems, if not normal, somehow perversely seductive
A whole new take on the concept, The Scent of a Woman. But, really, all this perfumer-extraordinaire wants to do is bottle it.
It's a film so sumptuous that afterwards you'll feel you've consumed a very, very rich meal indeed.
Scratch 'n' sniff cinema.
Difficult to resist even when its allure is only surface-deep.
Weaves a sensual spell of extraordinary delicacy, then sustains it -- up to a point.
Perfume is a challenging motion picture, and one whose impressions are not easily shaken.
The emotional void at the film's center grows larger and larger, until in the movie's penultimate scene even a depiction of graphic mass sexuality fails to be particularly exciting or interesting.
There is Oscar-caliber work at almost all levels here, beginning with the exceptional adaptation by Tykwer.
I enjoyed the film until the big finale. If I had smelled that perfume, perhaps I would have felt compelled to love the ending, but since I could only smell eau de popcorn, I wasn't as impressed.
(I)f I can sit through a 2:37 movie about a guy who kills women and boils their bodies to make perfume and be entertained, so can you.
Tykwer is an incredible visualist and Perfume reaches such operatic, hand-painted heights of life and death, sections of the film look as though they were pulled from the walls of an art gallery.
There is no easy way to summarize what goes on in this picture. The only thing to really say is that it is indeed magnificent, a luridly carnal exercise in obsession and love that's as fascinating as the day is long.
The film's spectacle, along with its wicked sense of humor, turns out to be the main source of its appeal.
Perfume is ultimately an unmistakable failure, but there's a strange majesty to its epic overreaching.
The acting is fine, and the climax is completely off the wall, but that doesn't make the interminable time getting there any easier to slog through.
A memorable and outrageous movie, but one more likely to be remembered as a massive folly than a whopping success.
Even though Perfume is primarily about how things (and more importantly, people) smell, it manages to be a feast for all the senses.
It's a noble experiment in pushing the limits of cinema, but Tykwer never achieves true profundity.
Stunningly rendered, disturbing to watch, perverse and, ultimately, emotionally hollow.
For all of its eye-rolling improbability, the picture does build to an incredible and incredibly staged final meditation on the nature of genius, identity and worship in both its personal and public manifestations.
As much as it's in many ways a visual pleasure, tonally, the movie is a mess.
The film, though admirably ambitious, is resolutely earthbound, mired in ick and slime and never more wooden than in the delirious climax.
Try as it might to be refined and provocative, Tom Tykwer's Perfume never rises above the pedestrian creepiness of its conceit.
The movie does tease and torment the olfactory nerve in ways Estée Lauder never dreamed of.
This unusual film holds interest for 2 1/2 hours and is so visually vivid you can practically smell many of the scenes.
Perfume may be one of the most sumptuous serial-killer movies of all time. Between those tumultuous opening passages and a stunner of a climax, however, it's also a bit of a drag.
I fully expect a lot of folks to dismiss this film as violent and misogynistic, and looking at it just on the surface, it would be tempting to do so -- and it would also be completely missing the point.
You could be stuffing quantities of chocolate, oysters and arugula while watching the playmate of the month down carrots and bananas and you're still unlikely to be fooled by the supposed power of this Perfume.
Tom Tykwer's Perfume stinks.
The movie version feels forced, even though it doesn't seem to know what it means.
Though it may come across more than a little precious and pretentious, its memory will linger in your mind long after those of other films have faded.
In adapting the 1985 Patrick Süskind novel, Tykwer has achieved one of those rarities - a film that reads better on screen than on the page.
A bleakly comic fable, drenched in obsession and the vicious observation of human limitations.
Smells of something a few steps down from Aqua Velva.
Beware of asking for love: this perverse tale shows delightfully with adept magic realism how love can do you in.
The lavender fields of Provence, captured in full bloom, leave more of an impression than any actor in the movie except Whishaw.
Take the time to stop smell the cinematic rose that is Perfume.
A delicious, perverse tale.
The first Tykwer flick since Run Lola Run that really feels like it delivers on the promise he showed us back then.
The odd conclusion renders it somewhat oblique, but Perfume is a feast for the senses. Smell it with your eyes...
Visually compelling but too emotionally detached due to the director's modernist, ironic perspective.
Una tremenda experiencia sensorial, una cinta que dejará maravillados a los fans del libro, y a quienes, virginalmente, se enfrenten por vez primera a los toques aromáticos de esta mágica historia.
Succeeds reasonably well in achieving what many said was beyond the scope of cinema: conveying the world of scent and smell.
The seductive, sensory prose of Patrick Suskind's bestseller, Perfume, reaches the screen with loads of visual panache but only intermittent magic.
This tale of a brilliant sociopath is disturbing and often uncomfortable to watch. And it's also magical filmmaking.
Flat out the most exciting cinematic adaptation of a novel since Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy.











@highlight

Perfume is what you'd expect from a Tom Twyker-directed movie glamorizing a serial killer: a kinetic visual feast, with a dark antihero that's impossible to feel sympathy for.