... you will be so caught up in the movie that its surprisingly abrupt ending will leave you with your mouth agape.
Buried is a one of a kind experience that goes well beyond just a movie with a neat idea. It's a thriller that really works and is one of the best films I've seen all year.
A nifty gimmick rarely translates into satisfying cinema, but Buried qualifies as an exception.
Remind yourself to breathe.
With little more than one actor, a mobile phone, a (very full) Zippo and a few disembodied voices, director Rodrigo Cortés has created a 95-minute panic-attack-made-movie.
Reynolds and Cortés deserve credit for their ambition and Buried is a tense but enjoyable experience for anyone interested in the core 'buried alive' concept.
Director Rodrigo Cortes continually achieves the seemingly impossible.
(...) Como ejercicio narrativo bastante claustrofóbico y moderadamente angustiante, tiene su atractivo. Gran parte del resultado es mérito del actor Ryan Reynolds.
A brilliant genre thriller using space and perspective to confine us with the protagonist.
This experiment in minimalist filmmaking succeeds in part because of the tight, controlled performance by one of 'People' magazine's sexiest men (buried) alive!
Conveys the intensity and introspective horror of its subject's extreme life-or-death circumstances far more authentically and grippingly than the similar, flashier and shallower 127 Hours.
Buried may well be an allegory for the fates of so many Americans waylaid in sandier climes, but it works first and foremost as an experiential horror film -- the best of its kind in some time.
Reynolds is riveting, and it's possible to appreciate Cortés's bravura cinematic accomplishment. But that'll come much later, after you catch your breath.
It's kind of like if Saw were a one-man show in a tiny theater.
While its central conceit - its six-feet-under micro-location - might seem gimmicky, it's a gimmick that would get real tired real quick if not for an exceptional script and one hell of a performance.
Rodrigo Cortés's film is rigidly grim and relentlessly discomforting - thanks to superior sound design, creatively claustrophobic camerawork and a one-man-show from Ryan Reynolds, who leaves no room for sarcasm in this sarcophagus.
The genius of this film is that it never once betrays its concept.
Buried may be claustrophobic in scale, but its impact is immense.
Buried, despite its seemingly impossible premise, is by turns funny, suspenseful, moving and -- in one heart-stopping sequence worthy of Indiana Jones -- incredibly exciting.
An edge-of-your-seat nail-biter that's about as unique as they come.
If the aim is to be unpredictable and to revel in cynicism, you run the risk -- realized here -- that the movie becomes more an authorial statement of purpose than a story the audience can believe in.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Playing a character buried underneath the ground, Ryan Reynolds reveals that when it comes to acting he's all surface and no depth.
Director Rodrigo Cortés' creative use of total darkness and anxiety-inducing sound effects should inspire budget-challenged nightmare makers everywhere.
Buried achieves the rare feat of being both deliriously enjoyable and relentlessly unpleasant. The film -- a furious fusion of Phone Booth, Wait Until Dark, 1408 and Cube -- is a ninety-minute test of endurance.
Buried works not because Ryan Reynolds is good (he is) but because director Rodrigo Cortes is even better.
... a clever topical adaptation of the old Lucille Fletcher radio drama (and Barbara Stanwyck movie) Sorry, Wrong Number ...
The sensation of confinement is so powerful that after a while I had an overwhelming urge to try and claw my way out through the side of the cinema.
Whoever says you need to think outside the box should think again, because Buried is nothing short of a minimalist masterpiece.
A triumph of filmmaking design, as well as fierce thriller sure to give viewers a serious case of the heebie-jeebies.
Reynolds? portrayal of this Everyman, a guy doing his job in the wrong place at the wrong time, is sympathetic and intensely watchable from the first moment to the last.
Whatever the reasons that draw us to the movies, spending 90 minutes trapped in a box with Ryan Reynolds isn't one of them.
Sometimes the best ideas are the simplest, although filmmakers seldom think so. Rodrigo Cortes is an exception, with his feature film debut Buried breaking a lot of rules.
Somewhere, Edgar Allan Poe is uncorking a bottle of Amontillado and laughing himself silly.
Set in Iraq, Buried takes aim at the American industrial military complex and manages to be both a cerebral experience and a perverse, visceral delight.
Sometimes Cortes gets carried away with his "angry little film criticizing the world", but hell, when you?re stuck making a movie in a box, it?s easy to see why you?d want to stand up, raise your arms and yell as loud as possible.
Best ending of the year.
There?s just not enough material here to sustain a 90-minute movie.
Reynolds' efforts transform what could have been a chilly technical exercise into something darkly comic, unexpectedly moving, and, above all, hot-plate skittery. You will squirm.
Cortes similarly crafts a heightened sense of awareness out of the less-is-more scenario. The result is a skillful thriller with a strong point of view that is also confident in its use of genre flourishes.
This is as un-Hollywood a role as you could ever get, but [Reynolds] nails both the compressed physicality and fried psyche of his character with palpable precision.
Highlighting the talent and inventiveness of all involved, Buried is gripping and entertaining, making it perfect cinema viewing.
Skillfully directed, shrewdly written, darkly funny, classically scored and acted right the f**k out of the park by a star not known for his dramatic chops.
Reynolds is an irrepressibly (some might say irritatingly) verbal actor, so there?s something both genius and obscene about subjecting him to solitary confinement by cinema.
Rodrigo Cortes directs and Chris Sparling wrote the screenplay. They and Reynolds should be applauded. But you wonder who on earth is going to submit themselves to a film that is set exclusively in a coffin.
All film-making is a manipulative art; Buried is just too overtly so.
Whether you like it or not, Buried is a film that will stick in your memory.
It's too long, it loses all sense of direction at the 60 minute mark, and so much of the action is phone-based that after a while it starts to feel like an audiobook.
[A] grueling experience... and a thrilling one: We so rarely see movies this adventurous, this creative with their narratives and their plotting and their characters.
Buried is also one of the most visually inventive, deftly edited films of the year.
The hero of the hour is Reynolds, who gives a hugely compelling performance mostly lying on his back. His spine probably deserves its own Oscar for sheer endurance.
If you think you're brave enough, and even if you aren't, Buried demands to be experienced on the big screen in all its suffocating, claustrophobic glory.
Driven by Ryan Reynolds magnificent performance, this tense and ambitious film is absolutely riveting to watch unfold.
The tension keeps building, right to the end. Proving yet again that in movies, even though the space may get smaller, the picture doesn't have to.
A part of me feels like why waste Ryan Reynolds and his hot abs in a film where he?s buried six feet under but another part of me loves how Buried flips off audiences by using a Hollywood celebrity in a manner that will only piss them off.
One must at a minimum concede that Buried boasts an elegant premise of inordinate simplicity.
This is an extremely well crafted film that will keep you on the edge of your seat right up to the very last shot.
The skilful screenplay by Chris Sparling maintains the suspense right up to the will-he or wont-he get out ending, while slipping in some welcome black humour and a quietly effective message about state and corporate ruthlessness.
Buried is one of those movies that make a virtue of their limitations.
a riveting production that's undeniably disturbing and a unique moviegoing experience.
There's something faintly quixotic about a filmmaker who, faced with technical limitations in a script, chooses to embrace them rather than fight them. Such is the case with Buried, an uncompromising suspense thriller from Spanish director Rodrigo Cortés.
One of the film's great strengths is that Sparling's script doesn't pull any punches with the scenario.
Reynolds and Cortés have to make you believe that you're stuck in that box too, to make you feel, somewhere in your subconscious, that your quickened respirations are going to use up the air around you; and that's just what they manage to do.
As for Reynolds' performance -- just be prepared to be pleasantly surprised. Amazed, even. In Buried he may finally have found a project as good as he is.
Not recommended for claustrophobics. It's more or less a smothering experience.
Who would have thought that Ryan Reynolds talking on a cell phone in a wooden box could be so damn thrilling?
Buried is a brutal, relentless, mind-numbing thriller whose last five minutes will leave you absolutely breathless.
A tightly woven and effective thriller. (Parental Review also Available)
You don't have to be claustrophobic to find the entire enterprise thoroughly upsetting.
Buried wrings every last drop of tension from a simple dramatic set-up.
The suspense is gripping, even when the substance isn't.
Watching Ryan Reynolds trapped in a coffin for an hour-and-a-half makes for the most intense piece of cinema this year.
An experiment in limitation that, at least until the movie's deflating final payoff, manages to tap into our deepest anxieties.
Bravura filmmaking, certainly, Buried borrows techniques from great inventive filmmakers (director Rodrigo Cortés cites Hitchcock, Scorsese and Spielberg in his notes) but applies them to a claustrophobic horror story that drags us into a place of terror
"Buried" is a film that gave me claustrophobia and made me want to getback the money I had not spent on the ticket.
If the picture has replay value, it will be to study the technically pretty astounding filmmaking going on, not because it's a journey one would necessarily like to go on again.
By the end, I was quietly wheezing and whinnying with distress.
It may sound like a gimmicky premise, but Buried is as far outside the box as a buried-alive movie can be.
Buried would make an awesome double bill alongside Inception, as opposite ends of the clever, concept-movie spectrum.
At its best, Buried is a filmmaker's fondest double-dare challenge. And at its very best, it's considerably more.
Reynolds's default has always been a sarcasm that's locked him out of seeming entirely human. In Buried, he's neutralized.
A brutally intense indie that commits to its bleak premise and doesn't back down. Tarantino will cackle as he watches.
Compulsive entertainment with an intelligent script that knows exactly how to maximise its cat-and-mouse tensions, slyly inviting us to appreciate and anticipate the inventive contributions of the cat quite as much as the mouse.
This is a solid, unsettling, at times very entertaining thriller -- but the jury's still out on Reynolds.
It's a watchable enough film, if you can overlook all the holes in the plot.
It's definitely possible to quibble about the sheer ridiculousness of Conroy's situation a day or so down the line, but while you're watching it you'll be too busy hiding behind your shirt and nibbling on your collar to even think that far ahead.
Plausibility sits cowed in a corner. It says, "Don't look at me. I have nothing to do with this."
Reynolds delivers a relentlessly effective performance. So it's a shame that it's not more involving than it is.
Buried grabs the viewer and rarely lets its hold slip, playing on our universal fears with great skill.
Always confident but rarely stretched, Reynolds finally gets the chance to prove his dramatic chops as Paul runs the gauntlet of human emotion: confusion, fear, anger, hysteria, hope, sorrow, despair.
Buried does do a hell of a lot with very little. Through clever camerawork, it's surprising how much action and tension can be built.
Buried is completely and utterly, 100 percent dedicated to bringing you all the Ryan-Reynolds-nailed-in-a-coffin action you could ever ask for.
What starts out as a claustrophobic and suspenseful allegory about the folly of the Iraq War settles into a series of pseudo-ironic twists and a conclusion that will leave you gasping for air.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely suspenseful, emotionally engaging thriller with a terrific performance from Ryan Reynolds.
the confines of a coffin become a landscape rife with every element that constitutes the most effective and most engrossing thriller, with all the visual turbulence of an action film played out in a space barely a foot high.
Ninety minutes of being buried alive with Ryan Reynolds: Didn't we all suffer that in The Proposal?
Ends up more an exercise in bare-bones cinema than a penetrating drama, and though it's been executively efficiently, it fails to be emotionally compelling.
A bratty but canny thriller that takes a very simple premise and runs much farther with it than any right-minded director should have been able to.
This should really have been made for radio rather than cinema - although the performance from Ryan Reynolds keeps you riveted to see what happens.
In the end the main character isn't important, it's his conversations that matter, and all they did was make me increasingly angry at an emotionally manipulative script and a director eager to accentuate that fact everything else be damned.
A relentlessly terrifying, pulse-pounding and intelligent thriller. Ryan Reynolds gives his best performance yet. It's the most intense movie-going experience in years.
Claustrophobes and asthmatics be warned: Buried unfolds entirely within the confines of a coffin, where an increasingly desperate man faces certain death by suffocation unless he can escape.
...plays like a Twilight Zone episode padded out to feature length.
Buried is remarkably cinematic, and the confined space opens up in ways you wouldn't think possible.
With career-best work from Ryan Reynolds, Buried will find a loyal, devoted audience.
It's a very, very good film, but it's difficult to recommend.
Talk about burying the lead. . .
Either Mr. Reynolds was directed to rant and rave, or his bellowing tantrums are meant to signal that Paul is a childish fool who isn't very bright.
At times so uncomfortable you'll want to look away, Reynolds' performance -- essentially a one-man show -- keeps you coming back for more.
In the same way it's impossible to turn away from a grisly accident, taking your eyes away from Ryan Reynolds' hypnotizing performance is not an option.
On a technical level Buried is impressive, at times blisteringly suspenseful, making the most of a ripping score and Reynolds' fully charged agony...
The filmmaking is sharp.
Watching his movie, we feel distinctly the absence of a safety net -- anything can happen. Which will drive some audiences crazy, but which delighted me.
I think they could have taken it to the next level. Buried is certainly good and worth watching, but it could have been the definitive high concept movie. Instead it's just one that doesn't suck
Chalk Buried firmly into the 'terrific movies I never want to see again' category.
Cleverly written and staged with plenty of wound-up energy, plus a climax that sucks the air out of the theater.
Paul's life is treated as a novelty. Out there in the audience, we're treated as suckers.
Reynolds is terrific, and Cortés and Sparling overlay a preposterous premise with familiar modern complaints.
As a cautionary tale about the perils of nation building, this is both creepy and provocative, but director Rodrigo Cortés blows it in the last few minutes with a rushed ending that feels like a cheat after all the escalating tension.
This film's opening alone is more terrifying than the entirety of most horror movies.
Pulls the tricky stunt off with flair, constantly finding new ways to keep the audience on their toes and invested in Paul's dilemma.
An intense, claustrophobic experience that's inventively filmed and powerfully performed by Reynolds as the story's flawed but unnecessarily hard-done-by everyman.
Too often revolves around the battery life of a cell phone and the amount of air remaining. That threat is terrifying in our mind but difficult to see on screen.
This is shrewdly considered and edited genre work, spiced -- bitterly -- with the right variety of complication.
Although the entire movie takes place in the enclosed space, director Rodrigo Cortes and writer Chris Sparling are ingenious in creating more plausible action than you would expect possible.
Rodrigo Cortés, the Spanish filmmaker behind this diabolical, Hitchcock-influenced narrative stunt, makes merry mischief with camera angles and lighting; the viewer feels suffocated along with Reynolds...
Nothing this underrated actor has done previously measures up to the emotional diversity, focus and self-control required of him in a one-man exercise in underground suspense that Alfred Hitchcock would envy.
Cortés has an invigorating fondness for the zoom lens. But the movie's real asset is Reynolds himself, utilizing his comedy chops for unexpected levity.
A film that takes a simple idea and turns it into a movie that elicits complex reactions from the viewer...leaves you breathless and wrung out.
Those who claim that Reynolds is just a handsome star should look at this nail-biting, expertly directed political thriller, which he carries single-handedly on his solid soldiers with his dramatic chops.
Rodrigo Cortes keeps the action bound to the box, limiting his lighting to naturalistic approximations, so that much of Reynolds's performance consists of him grunting and heaving in the dark.
A brilliantly twisted suspense thriller that would have made Alfred Hitchcock proud.
(VIDEO) Easily the worst film of 2010...
It's a good thing I brought a fancier pen to this film; had I had a cheap plastic one in my hand, the suspense of 'Buried' might have caused me to snap it in half.
Reynolds takes suffering for your art to unimaginable new depths in this truly underground chiller. As he excels at reaching into the theater and grabbing viewer minds. Which gives a radically new meaning to the notion of being embedded in a war zone.
94 minutes (in real time) of slow suffocation makes for an unusual entertainment.
Claustrophobic horror.
The basic conceit, which never falters right through to the surprise ending, speaks creepy volumes to a cinematic audience -- blanketed in darkness with no exit strategy.
As Hollywood continues to expand its bloated visions and forsakes the very tenets of basic storytelling, Rodrigo Cortés and Ryan Reynolds go just about as small as film can go and yet deliver a vastly entertaining cinema experience.
A remarkable, frequently spellbinding achievement...
So much more than its high-concept premise might suggest, Cortéz's film is a bravura one-off whose simple-seeming title resonates hauntingly in the dark.
Buried is a truly compelling, novel and refreshing experience. It's a high concept film that stretches its idea over the duration of 90 minutes with ease.
A horror film set in Iraq is a cinematic tour de force but raises serious questions about its ethics.
The film's chief virtue is that it remains true to itself - there are no sly cutaways to phones ringing in empty apartments or flashbacks to happier times, just Reynolds stuck underground and hoping for rescue.
Make no mistake, you can make a movie about one character inside a box interesting for 94 minutes.
I call 'em "gimmick thrillers," which isn't a knock -- unless you can't pull the gimmick off. For the most part, 'Buried' definitely can.
Tighten the screws a few more times around the middle and we could have had a genuine classic on our hands. Alas, it is still probably a very good hour-long Twilight Zone episode.
Lionsgate snatched up the picture at Sundance and there's no doubt everyone behind this minimalist stunt will make their money back from those curious to see how well they pulled off the feat. (Answer: reasonably.)
A solid, claustrophobic thriller anchored by a great performance from Reynolds.
In purely cinematic terms, Buried, set in late 2006, is an ingenious exercise in sustained tension that would make Alfred Hitchcock turn over in his grave.
Cruelly efficient yet ethically questionable, Buried jangles the nerves but gets into trouble when it aspires to political topicality.
Go in prepared for a clever cinematic experiment, ignore the little flaws, and be rewarded.



@highlight

Wringing a seemingly impossible amount of gripping drama out of its claustrophobic premise, Buried is a nerve-wracking showcase for Ryan Reynolds' talent.