[director Liza] Johnson includes details that are supposed to reveal more about the big day, but they all seem to be discursive-padding to overlook the lack of source material.
Elvis & Nixon tells the story behind the most requested photo of all time at the National Archives: the White House meeting between Elvis Presley and Richard Nixon.
While Kevin Spacey's gruff, stooped, mildly paranoid Nixon is pretty much what you expect, Shannon's Elvis is not, avoiding cliché and impersonation with a nonchalant ease.
From a cinematic standpoint, especially from an independent framework, what could be better than having Shannon and Spacey go toe-to-toe as these iconic figures?
Elvis & Nixon should be so funny is delightful -- especially to Americans of a certain age.
A piece of blissfully speculative fiction that takes its small but amusing concept and runs with it.
Elvis fans, and those interested in American kitsch, will love Elvis & Nixon.
When the plot juxtaposes Mr. Shannon's Elvis with professional Elvis impersonators at an airport lounge to reveal the man behind the caricature, the whole film just implodes.
An amusing but slight snapshot of two men disconnected from their personas.
Spacey v Shannon is a fascinating showdown between two Hollywood heavyweights.
Elvis & Nixon, an otherwise good film, suffers from bad subtitle-itis.
It remains a naggingly slight experience: while its showbiz savvy should satiate the Elvis demographic, it feels at least a slight copout that a film where Nixon shares top billing should be so determinedly depoliticised.
I don't know who decided to team Shannon and Spacey in a comedy called Elvis & Nixon, but whoever it was deserves credit for a masterstroke.
It's a very funny little film, rarely belly-laugh funny, but one that will keep you smiling all the way through and for quite awhile afterward.
The movie dawdles in its early stages... But when we get to the meeting itself, the result is comedy gold, with Michael Shannon's Elvis busting karate moves in the Oval Office, gobbling the president's M&Ms and upending protocol at every turn.
This summit meeting's a competition of self-interests soon bridged by anti-Communist feeling, but little gets declared about image, self-image, or notoriety. Elvis & Nixon is just a cheap sideshow-attraction.
It's entertaining to watch, but the script misses the chance to add meaning on the situation.
A funny and speculative comedy with an historical context. [Full review in Spanish]
The satirical energy picks up considerably once the King finally arrives at the White House, but the two halves are so different that it's worth considering whether the material would have worked better as a one-act play.
The film moves quickly, buoyed by the performances of its stars.
After keeping the two apart for so long, when Elvis and Nixon do meet, the movie shines. Both lead-actors have great fun teasing out the absurdity of the situation, while neither falls into the danger zone of caricaturing their real life subjects.
Michael Shannon accomplishes a powerful performance as Elvis at the peak of his fame and the brink of his demise.
Though it's not much more than a novelty, this weird bit of history largely succeeds thanks to a gentle blend of humor and respect and an earnest attempt to understand what made these titans tick.
One ends up wishing for more Nixon and less Elvis, which is not something many people said at the time.
The material Spacey has to work with is frustratingly weak, and the film around him - which is desperately short on jokes, satirical or otherwise - illuminates nothing about the political system.
This film offers something a bit different from traditional biopics.
Elvis and Nixon are fascinating - if only we were allowed to spend more time with them.
It's a one-joke scenario that raises only the odd wry smile while the thin story struggles to reveal or say anything of significance.
Spacey is on form, capturing Nixon's bulldog growl and his slippery manner. It is all very watchable but what it needs is a little less conversation and a lot more action.
It's entertaining fluff and, frankly, That's All Right.
This is a movie that just works, and it's a joy.
To bring this momentous meeting to life, Johnson is blessed with two strong performances from Michael Shannon as Presley and Kevin Spacey as Nixon.
Like an anti-Frost/Nixon, there's a ton of build up and no pay-off.
An amusing comedy drama featuring a striking turn from Michael Shannon as Presley, despite using a huge amount of artistic licence.
An absolute riot.
An unexpectedly enjoyable, toe-tapping treat.
Liza Johnson's intriguing film semi-fictionalises the events leading up to the real-life brief encounter between the pair, in December 1970.
A very likeable movie and one that you warm to in spite of its lack of substance... and of Elvis music.
There's not a lot of consequence to this bizarre meeting, or really the film, but as a character study of two men alone at the top, it's both very funny and quietly astute.
Perhaps this meeting of suspicious minds really was an unsung crux of modern American history, but Elvis & Nixon feels like a trifle about a trifle.
Elvis & Nixon is a diverting portrait of two great alpha dogs at bay, beginning to feel themselves slide.
A bolder film might have played up the absurdity and surrealism of the situation or given some gripping historical context for all this. As it is, there isn't much to get all shook up about.
The script gleefully plays up the absurdity, with Elvis receiving strict instructions not to touch Nixon's candy bowl - and then immediately eating all the President's M&Ms.
A flawed curio, then, but don't be surprised if the years grant it cult-classic status.
As an extended sketch about the meeting of two remarkable figures, Elvis & Nixon manages to capture why the public retain such curiosity for these influential, eccentric men.
Elvis & Nixon is like slipping on some late afternoon oldies and enjoying the kitschy nostalgia.
Much of Elvis & Nixon plays like an extended rehearsal for a Saturday Night Live skit that never made it to air.
I appreciate how entertaining it was, its riveting performances by the two stars and how goofy was the absurdist parody.
It's Shannon and Spacey who conclusively put the concept over.
The spectacle of Presley visiting Nixon's buttoned-down White House in his jeweled sunglasses, silk scarf, open shirt, and giant gold belt is inherently farcical, but Elvis & Nixon might have delivered more than dumb laughs.
That Elvis or Nixon might believe his own mythology, the stories told him by his yes men, can't be surprising. Neither is the movie's underlining of their hypocrisies.
A free-wheeling good-time Charlie of a movie, detailing the strange circumstances by which Presley and the President met one December afternoon in 1970.
It's a bright snapshot, a toothless but amiable comedy anchored by two chunky bits of acting.
It won't go down as any kind of classic. But it's still hugely entertaining, and often hilarious. (Splice Today)
"Elvis & Nixon" is based on true events and reinforces that old adage, "Fact is far stranger than fiction."
The dialogue sparkles with gems of historical allusion and perceptive asides, and the actors virtually sing it; the film plays like a whirling sociopolitical operetta.
Their 1970 meeting supposes some funny conversation, with Spacey doing a grand impersonation of our 37th President, and Shannon nicely personifying the many eccentricities of "The King."
Michael Shannon's Elvis alone demands to be experienced. Not for its accuracy, but for its lunacy.
It is a joyful and imaginative exploration of a historical enigma.
Instead of historical pantomime, we get something closer to impressionistic extrapolation, with the performers burrowing down deep to find the connective tissue that unites these towering enigmas.
Surreal chronicle of an amusing historical anecdote, revealing a bizarre moment at the summit.
As a surreal slice of history served up nearly half a century later, it feels oddly satisfying: A reminder not just of simpler times, but of all the other wild untold stories we may never know, just because no camera was there to capture them.
Emotional impact winds up victim to brisk pace and a desire to hurry and show us some other weird behavior by Elvis to get a laugh.
Elvis & Nixon is a consistently funny look at how celebrity and politics merge.
Enjoyable but mostly pointless.
WWhat happens when the King and the president meet? Everything and nothing.
The movie is defined by Shannon, though, who finds a way to universalize the experience of being Elvis without totally downplaying the abiding weirdness.
What the movie, directed by Liza Johnson, lacks in factual material it replaces with whimsy and quirky humour, helped greatly by the casting of Michael Shannon as Presley and Kevin Spacey as Nixon.
Elvis & Nixon is at its best when it sticks to what-if whimsy and the enjoyable fantasy of worlds colliding, with all the outlandish possibilities that crossover stories suggest.
While history might not have unfolded exactly as Elvis and Nixon suggests, it's entertaining to imagine that two people from oddly different arenas became such fast friends.
A sharper movie would have pushed this bizarre incident into psychological rawness, revealing a shared sense of paranoia. Breezy, comic and disposable, Elvis & Nixon is not that film.
Elvis & Nixon may only hint at the wounded soul underneath the velvet, but it still makes for good company.
When Shannon and Spacey finally get their scenes together, the movie demonstrates what good actors, and a director who sets the tone and lets them do their job, can make possible.
Even when I didn't buy a word being said, I went with the flow. Why? Michael Shannon as Elvis and Kevin Spacey as Tricky Dick. Watching great actors swing for the fences is something special.
Given the high quotient of hypotheticals in the story line, Nixon & Elvis can't really be said to add to the historical record, but it's an entertaining, deadpan jape that, with a bit of tweaking, could probably work as a stage play.
Elvis & Nixon is bizarre, but in a good way.
By the time the two start boasting about the size of their respective homes you know Elvis & Nixon nailed it.
Lightweight, but worth seeing for Spacey and Shannon.
The politicking that took place to make the meeting happen is as much fun as the meeting itself...[Elvis and Nixon] enjoy a communion of delusion.
Benefits from its economy as well as its comedy.
"an interesting idea, but one which has unfortunately not yielded an interesting film."
For what it is -- an imagined version of history that colors in unrecorded details -- Elvis & Nixon is a fun, light excursion.
The film accomplishes its fundamental goal: It's a funny portrayal of a weird moment in history.
The performances by Michael Shannon as The King and Kevin Spacey as Nixon go a long way towards making a film that's fitfully entertaining, if not exactly essential.
It's both fun and funny watching the subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) power struggle between the two, and Shannon and Spacey make the most of the storyline and their characters. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
Shannon gazes deep into the enigmatic legend and creates a character walled off by his worldwide fame, but still glumly amused by its effect on everyone he encounters.
"Elvis and Nixon" plays with history, but never takes itself too seriously. Elvis and Nixon would have gotten a kick out of it.
An odd, diverting footnote of a film.
It's clear the director, Liza Johnson, didn't have a good grip on whatever Elvis & Nixon is supposed to be, and perhaps she wasn't even sure herself.
...a small comic gem in which two twentieth-century icons get to confront each other and, possibly, learn something about themselves.
The movie is so charming that its shrewdness sneaks up on you.
Turns an eccentric what-if scenario into a not-so-memorable what-of-it.
Despite Mr. Shannon and Mr. Spacey, who appear to be having a fine time working off each other, the meeting is anticlimactic. It's also too short and straight.
A reasonably clever contrivance built around a pair of droll, skin-deep performances that are smart and entertaining, yet oddly lacking in intensity.
"Elvis & Nixon" is a guilty-pleasure hoot that's also, in a fumbling way, rather sad.
Think of Elvis & Nixon's sometimes clumsy prologue as its opening act, building anticipation for the showdown between its title characters, and Spacey and Shannon.
"Elvis & Nixon" is the funniest Nixon movie since 1999's forgotten "Dick."
The chance to watch Spacey and Shannon square off in a contest for scene-chewing dominance, is well worth the hour long slog to get there.
Johnson keeps us in the right period in the usual ways - hairstyles, music, clothes, cars - but also captures the anxiety that hovered over America during the Civil Rights Era.
Elvis & Nixon is one of the most entertaining movies I've seen this year - a whip-smart slice of strange history bolstered by pitch-perfect period-piece references, two excellent, offbeat performances and a brisk sense of pacing.
Other than the sheer peculiarity of the incident - and the obvious fun Spacey and Shannon are having as alpha males parrying and thrusting over Dr Pepper and M&M's - it's difficult to discern the point of "Elvis & Nixon."
The pleasure of watching Shannon and Spacey-together and separately-is key.
Neither actor would work as a body double for his character, but the performances they create are true to the men's inner essence.
If only Nixon could go to China, then perhaps only Elvis could go to Nixon: a rock 'n' roller beloved by America who loved America right back, right down to her squaresville commander-in-chief.
It's weird movie. In a good way.
The unusual casting selections may require a brief period of adjustment on the part of the viewers, but in the long run, help cement the idea that the film is only a guesstimate of what happened, not the real deal.
Slight, but it moves briskly and gives Spacey and Shannon the chance to toy playfully with one of the nuttier episodes of American history.
Elvis & Nixon has lost some of its power to fascinate and amuse.
The entire encounter amounts to little more than the famous photo, and the story behind it was perhaps better left to mystery.
What we're left with is a film that has some good comic moments, but also dull stretches in which viewers may find themselves checking out or unexpectedly fighting fatigue.
As much as the movie sidesteps biographical conventions with its narrow frame and playful tone, it can't avoid a separate cliché that plagues this sort of material: Elvis & Nixon is basically a diverting TV movie given a theatrical release.
Too often, the dialogue is flat and sitcommy, and a monologue in the mirror by Presley just feels awkward. But there's much pleasure to be had in "Elvis & Nixon" from its two lead performances.
As a whole, "Elvis & Nixon" is an enjoyably lightweight distraction that, thankfully, takes one away from the current election season for a scant 86 minutes.
It's a trifle, and a terribly entertaining one at that, generating pleasing screen energy as the titular leaders in art and politics steel themselves for a brief date.
Shannon's Elvis captures The King's mix of sexiness and innocence...Spacey's Nixon loses himself in Elvis' weird brand of hypersincerity, perhaps longing for a measure of the singer's utter lack of guile. The meeting, and the movie, end too soon.
A jaunty, silly movie about a trivial event... The casting alone is a delight.
Much like its underserved title characters, the picture never fulfills its potential.
Shannon and Spacey as Elvis and Nixon! That is all the reason you need to enjoy this fine feature.
'Elvis & Nixon' catches both men at a nexus of absurdist comedy and overwhelming personality disorders.
Director Liza Johnson, working from a script by Joey Sagal, Hanala Sagal and Cary Elwes, deftly captures the historical context of the bizarre meeting for both sides.
The sharply astute, satirical screenplay by Joey and Hanala Sagal and actor Cary Elwes is filled with priceless moments.
Spacey and Shannon are among the best American actors working today, and you can see how much fun they're having together in this movie.
Mainly it's fun. It's fun to watch Michael Shannon (Elvis) and Kevin Spacey (Nixon) do their thing without settling for impressions or impersonations.
In trying to blow up that one photo, the canvas gets large enough that it rambles seemingly forever before we get to the event we want to see: Elvis and Nixon discussing their similarities and differences. And it's all too brief.
The film is taken with comfy gags that celebrate these men's ownership of pop culture, filtering them through a lens of unrevealing caricature.
Elvis & Nixon is a perfectly pleasant minor little comedy that flies by quickly and passes the time easily, and I can't figure out if I should be disappointed by that fact, or relieved by it.
Elvis & Nixon could be subtitled, The King Who Would Be Man
As Elvis Presley, Michael Shannon does a fantastic Michael Shannon. That's not a knock.
Johnson's film is filled with tedium instead of delirium.
Elvis & Nixon feels like a scrapped Drunk History segment that someone tried to build an entire movie around.
A product whose only clear goal is getting the two men in the room so we can giggle: at the president's awkwardness and grievance-airing, at the singer's polite bad manners, at the ways that the men connect, a little, by hating on the Beatles.
Slight, but deft, delusional and delightful.
Much more than just a fluffy bit of pop culture history
It's only in the handful of moments when Nixon and Elvis face each other in private that we get that electric crackle of big personalities clashing.
A story of great power and great delusion, of the absurdities of politics and the strange effects and arguably undue reach of celebrity. These potentially heady themes are really beside the point of a movie that's a hoot and knows it.
In the opening crawl, Elvis & Nixon alerts us to the fact that no transcript exists of the title encounter, but if it didn't happen the way it does here, it should have.
A cheeky, forgettable comedy-drama, "Elvis & Nixon" features a disarmingly off-kilter performance from Michael Shannon, but the film is so superficial and cutesy that it proscribes greater emotional undercurrents.
Michael Shannon and Kevin Spacey hilariously reenact one of history's most surreal blind dates.
Clearly casting is key to its success. Luckily, Johnson hit the jackpot by getting Michael Shannon on board as the King and Kevin Spacey to play the corrupt president.
It sounds like an interesting story, but Liza Johnson's asinine film will shock you with how little you care.
An imaginative narrative comedy based on the unrecorded meeting between President Nixon and Elvis Presley.

@highlight

Elvis &amp; Nixon may not do much to expand on its absurdly iconic photographic source material, but it's rarely less than engaging thanks to its talented starring duo.