It's sad to see the director of The Right Stuff and The Unbearable Lightness of Being reduced to this.
Numbingly predictable, inept, and boring.
At least the performances are solid.
Judd, Samuel L. Jackson, Andy Garcia and David Strathairn all are wasted.
This thriller seems most interested in lingering over battered and bloodied male faces.
Overcooked dialogue, some wildly implausible story devices, and a dearth of remotely likable characters, and Twisted is a crime story that just doesn't pay.
Twisted is so bad I'm embarrassed to have seen it and therefore am a bit ashamed to write even an unkind review.
Sarah Thorpe's screenplay is a compendium of by-the-book clichés; Kaufman's direction leaves the material stranded in a limbo between po-faced and trashy; Judd's approximation of drunkenness is worrying to behold.
Just like nearly all of Judd's past entries in the genre, this film isn't great, it's just average.
The plot turns are increasingly preposterous, as are the metaphors.
Judd, Jackson and Garcia's work is pedestrian at best. But they did accept this script.
I didn't go to sleep and only looked at my watch a couple of times, so I guess it wasn't terrible.
Remember kids, alcohol is bad, mmm-kay?
The movie may dole out a few guilty pleasures, but you won't believe a word of it.
Una de esas película que sin el cast que tiene pasaría sin pena ni gloria al olvido.
Sou contra a pena de morte, mas teria o maior prazer em ajudar a prender a protagonista deste filme na cadeira elétrica e dar o comando 'Roll on two!'.
Twisted dies at almost the very moment it begins.
It is sad to see an actress as talented as Ashley Judd repeatedly appearing in these women-in-distress movies.
"Twisted" is a train wreck, with Ashley Judd stuck in the caboose.
A horrible waste of talent, time and money and has the potential to be one of the worst films 2004 has to offer.
You've seen better mysteries on Murder She Wrote, you'll hear better dialogue in an Ed Wood flick, and you'll experience better sex scenes on a hot day at your local zoo.
...an early candidate for worst movie of the year...
Ridiculously overwrought and sporting an unfriendly little subtext hinting that women with anxious libidos are to be studiously avoided at all costs -- especially when they carry sidearms.
The least of this gifted director's works.
The outdated, cliche-riddled direction is so inept and indifferent that it's hard to believe Twisted was lensed by the same Philip Kaufman who made The Right Stuff.
No edge, no sense of danger...Twisted is perhaps the tamest psychosexual thriller ever made.
San Francisco still belongs to 'Dirty' Harry Callahan. Twisted, this town ain't big enough for the two of you. Scram!
A suspense thriller without thrills or suspense.
Kaufman's personal touch is missing, as if he knew this thing wouldn't look good on a résumé.
You're not sure whether to take the film as a sophisticated parody, a surrealist prose poem, or an unusually dumb thriller.
The only surprise in this supposedly tricky thriller is that the script attracted this cast and director.
I vote we all chip in and get Ashley Judd singing lessons so she can re-join the Judd family on tour.
Twisted's tale could have done with a little bit of Joe Eszterhas flamboyance.
For a movie riddled with corpses, Twisted is pretty lifeless.
What a "Twisted" mess of a movie.
It's at once dumber and more entertaining than typical Judd-in-peril fare.
The best film in recent memory shot in San Francisco by a director who actually lives here and knows the lay of the land.
There's lots to like about it, but none of this ultimately matters when you come out of the movie feeling cheated.
A friend of mine who saw the movie before I did thought it should rate maybe one-and-a-half stars. I'm still trying to figure out what prompted his generosity.
Anybody who doesn't feel like they've seen this movie at least three times already, raise your hand.
It's almost inconceivable that the director of this total misfire is Philip Kaufman, the immense talent behind The Right Stuff and Henry & June.
One of the dopier films to emerge from the serial-killer genre.
With Ashley Judd above the title, no cookie-cutter contrivance is unaccounted for, no performance betraying the hint of any effort beyond showing up on the set.
This year's mediocre Ashley Judd crime thriller, is even more mediocre than usual, and for genuine film buffs it's going to be even more depressing than usual.
[A] blatantly dumb anti-thriller.
Judd is let down by Twisted because tearful, confused victim doesn't come naturally to her; she's not fun to watch suffer if you can't see her calculating the payback.
Serious thrill seekers...stay away.
There are so many diversions at work here that the film becomes a joke, one that culminates with a hokey punch line as the antagonist spills out an elaborate confession that partly patches up any holes in the outrageous plot.
As drama, [it's] ludicrous. But as a satire on absurd police procedures in the movies, it's brilliant...
This movie plays like they were reading [Roger Ebert's] little movie glossary and they took every cliche in there.
Twisted" loses itself to its own insanity.
...generic and hysterical hackwork...utterly tepid and inconsequential...an unoriginal and flavorless suspense piece that's shunning more than shocking
'Twisted,' a psychological thriller with little psychology and fewer thrills, is almost worth watching because of its trio of charismatic stars.
The direction is so ham-fisted you almost expect Porky the Pig to have a cameo.
Judd kicks a man in the crotch within four minutes of the film's beginning. I believe the purpose of all Ashley Judd movies is to allow her to kick a man in the crotch.
The downright wackiest, most laughable thriller to come down the pike so far this millennium.
Kaufman's keen eye cannot override the simple fact that the story and the characters are generic and the ultimate twist really isn't much of one.
Gives new meaning to the word 'obvious.'
A nasty, formulaic and unforgivably obvious procedural.
Dumb and shabby.
Philip Kaufman's Twisted amalgamates the basic post-feminist woman-cop premises of Silence Of The Lambs and the Prime Suspect TV series so torpidly it feels less like entertainment than a community service sentence.
Twisted, despite managing tiny, sad bursts of suspense, is barely worth the energy it will take to mock it.
It's all perfectly rote and only occasionally satisfying.
It begins pretty, and ends up ugly.
The actors are far too good for the silly script; plot rabbits are pulled from its hat with absurd ease, and harbor seals drop in as shamelessly applied local color.
Even Freud would find Twisted's connect-the-dots fixation on sex and death overwrought.
This is not just a bad movie, it's depressingly bad -- one of these wasteful, lazy Hollywood throwaways that offer further proof that the industry has way more money than ideas.
The film is too simple to hold our interest for nearly two hours.
A chill-deficient suspense flick that shares too much common ominous ground with [Judd's] past thrillers.
Utterly devoid of suspense, energy or credibility.
We can only regret that this is the kind of script [Kaufman's] being offered these days. Now, that's twisted.
Hardly makes any sense at all.
Bearable but hardly riveting.
This loopy movie is so screamingly awful it should hit your local video store's markdown bin sometime next month.
Judd, Jackson and Garcia are all talented actors, so it's a mystery why they'd be attracted to Sarah Thorp's clunky, contrived script.
A complete jumble of a movie that could have a talking albino gnu wander into the last frame and not make any less sense
Not only have we seen Twisted many times before, we've seen Ashley Judd in Twisted many times before.
This is the kind of erotic thriller that gives the genre such a bad name.
It's always rather sad to watch gifted performers stranded in a tepid thriller.
As titles go, Twisted doesn't go quite far enough. Convoluted might have been better. Stretched also would have worked. Ridiculous would be most appropriate.
The script is credited to Sarah Thorp but has all the hallmarks of one of those screenplays that has gotten worse with every rewrite.
Another thriller. Another plot full of holes. Another waste of time.
The arrival of such a dud from director Kaufman is a surprise, unless he was looking for any script that would keep him at home shooting in San Francisco.
Walks like a thriller and talks like a thriller, but it squawks like a turkey.
The problem with being asked to name the worst Hollywood thriller starring Ashley Judd is that you first have to be able to tell them apart.
Twisted is eerily similar in its story line to In the Cut, the much pasted Meg Ryan sex-and-death thriller that came out last year. Only it's worse.
Just from seeing the commercial, ... I predicted who the killer would be.
Ashley Judd has squandered the initial promise she showed in "Ruby in Paradise" with one hackneyed police/serial killer thriller after another
You could probably get more suspense throwing your own surprise birthday party than you do from this movie.
I should never come out of a theater feeling that I wasted my time but that is just what I felt about Twisted and that's the real crime.
Predictable plotting is but one of the pitfalls in this campy slice of Hitch-schlock.
It would be very easy for her to find out if she's killing during her blackouts... She could just set up a video camera before she drinks and watch the tape the next day!
Ashley Judd sex-psycho-thriller isn't great, but you can easily appreciate how good it is.
The film doesn't just twist reality or request a suspension of disbelief; it lies, plain and simple.
Hard-hitting police thrillers need a smidgen of authenticity, but Sarah Thorp's script is riddled with implausible events, inconsistent characters and head-scratching twists that don't add up.
Twisted leads to a wrap-up that'll either be visible a continent away or have you moaning, 'No, no, they can't have the nerve to float that!'
A snore.
Twisted is rubbish, but it looks good enough, moves fast enough and does improve as it progresses, principally because its plot disintegrates to the point of outright comedy.
A stylish but clumsy crime psychodrama.
Genuinely awful.
Paltry and stupefyingly poor excuse for a thriller.
No one associated with the film tries very hard, from cinematographer Peter Deming -- San Francisco has never looked so drab -- to composer Mark Isham, whose watery jazz score is meant to summon melancholy but merely relieves insomnia.
Despite Judd's assured work as the flawed, deeply conflicted protagonist, the mystery at the core of Twisted is one that grows less interesting the closer we get to the truth.
Fifteen minutes into this movie, I figured out who the murderer was. That left me the rest of the movie to ponder why any of these people agreed to be in it.
A run-of-the-mill thriller that will fade from memory as quickly as poor Jessica's boyfriends are getting bumped off
Immaculately composed and shot, but riddled with crime-movie cliches, wincingly obvious in its plot twists and rather badly acted.
The greatest mystery in this nonsensical thriller is why Philip Kaufman, a first-rate director, lent his talents to such a mediocre piece of studio hackwork.
Twisted won't leave you wrung out, but it may put a crick in your neck. Trying to make sense of this ridiculous yet all too conventional movie will only make you cock your head quizzically, like a dog watching television.
Twisted's biggest mystery has nothing to do with its plot. The big question is how a first-rate director such as Phil Kaufman and a moderately first-rate cast headed by Ashley Judd became attached to this convoluted thriller wannabe.
If you're in the mood for twisting, save the price of a movie ticket. Stay home and do the dance.
It entertains much like an easy crossword puzzle. You feel smart for figuring it out, then realize it wasn't all that tough.
childish sexuality and stunning obviousness.
A supremely dumb who's-doing-it concoction so crowded with red herrings that it smells like a fish market...all the twists in 'Twisted' end up going nowhere.
The movie seems to have been made almost in spite of the efforts of all involved.
Dreary, weary psychosexual thriller that's neither sexy nor thrilling.
Some of the Judd-in-jeopardy movies have been diverting in a perfect-for- an-airplane-ride way, but Twisted is marred by goofy subplots, a Judd head of hair that goes from short to long to short and inane dialogue.
A predictable, completely unsuspenseful time-killer.
Twisted is just another example of a motion picture that will surprise and delight only those who see movies less frequently than they see their dentist.
A generic, high-end Hollywood whodunit with a school of red herrings swimming through a plot that has more holes than a gopher farm.
It's one of those by-the- book mysteries that makes you feel smart by keeping you a half-step ahead of the protagonist, then leaves you feeling stupid for having blown another 10 bucks.
[An] insipid embarrassment.
A barren movie full of new-style cliches and bereft of the Gothic thrills, virtuoso scenes and screw-twisting suspense that might make it interesting or fun to watch.
What happens when you combine good actors, a talented director and an awful script? Twisted answers that question so quickly it could have been made as a kind of negative case study for film students.
Sarah Thorp's script is twisted in all the wrong ways.
An awfully tedious thriller that makes great waste of the talent involved Twisted is awkward, predictable, convoluted and terribly implausible.
What the hell was Ashley Judd thinking? I've seen better at 3 A.M. on Cinemax.
one of the least satisfying thrillers in years
Ashley Judd seems to go out of her way to find hole-riddled women-in-peril B-thrillers. It's as if she's doing everything in her power not to be taken seriously as an actress.
The only way you could stuff one more movie cop cliché into Twisted would be with a shoehorn and a sledgehammer.
A standard police tale evoking the usual unintentional laughs from the audience.
Ashley Judd and her A-list cast can't rise above the hackneyed and clichéd dialogue and conventional climax.
Top contender for worst script of the year ... [a] mysteryless mystery and [a] thrillerless thriller.
A pretty lousy movie, which would be offensive were it not safely neutered by its own stupidity.
Characters get distorted and motivations warped in this police thriller in order to keep bodies piling up and clues pointing in all directions.



@highlight

An implausible, overheated potboiler that squanders a stellar cast, Twisted is a clichéd, risible whodunit.