All the upright morality in the world doesn't compensate for poor filmmaking.
As by the numbers as it sometimes becomes, those very clichés also emphasize the fact that we haven't seen these men in this setting before.
Like most every great war movie, it combines intense action with human drama. There's also several overtly preachy scenes that accomplish little to further the story but they underline the already clear message.
The horror of "Days of Glory" is that its hate and tolerance are not relics from the past, but are as real today as the flickering shadows on the screen.
Instead of guys named Danny and Polack and Sol and Brooklyn, you've got guys named Said and Yassir and Messaoud and Abdelkader. But it's the same deal. Prick them, do they not bleed? Blow them up, do their limbs not scatter and their guts not spill?
Beautifully photographed, impeccably produced and wonderfully acted, but it offers no surprises...
Standard issue military fare that has a hard time standing apart from established classics of the combat genre.
Earnest yet heavy-handed.
[Director] Bouchareb clearly understands that battlefield action is greatly intensified when filmgoers care about the participants, and he works artfully to make that happen.
A cri de couer dressed out as a standard war film, Days of Glory is a well-made if blunt appeal for justice for the nearly forgotten Algerian soldiers who enlisted in the French Army in 1943.
Its message is dimmed by a procession of war and race movie clichés that even the excellent cast and epic cinematography cannot revive.
It occasionally does drop into wartime cliches of love lost and friends fallen. But the chest-thwack poinancy of those who shed blood and were shamefully shunned drags you through.
Bouchareb shows a real talent for action sequences.
A passionate, historically important film.
Fusing the personal and the political, Bouchareb's stirring war drama comes with a modern-day resonance and plenty of punch. Recommended.
A war film more of sober, grim reflection than balls-out escapades. Yet it grips consistently, its bursts of combat delivering gut-punches of veracity.
A somewhat clunky ending isn't enough to ruin Days of Glory, which features some good performances and has a slightly different take on a much-filmed subject.
A solidly-constructed window onto an era and a culture clash many Americans never knew existed.
A shattering tale of bravery and unrewarded loyalty.
Stands apart for its passion and patriotism in the face of hostility. The spirit of liberté, égalité and fraternité runs high for everyone, even those who have never set foot in France.
The notions of sacrifice, patriotism, race and self-identity are compellingly questioned, and the battle sequences are realized with stirring intensity.
The finale, a veritable tableau of loss and frustration, is hardly surprising. The outrage, however, remains raw.
It's to the credit of the actors, and Algerian-born director Rachid Bouchareb, that we become emotionally involved with the soldiers and the injustices they are forced to endure.
Days of Glory may lack a certain complexity, but then courage under fire from all sides -- be it the enemy's weapons or your own country's disgusting bigotry -- is a pretty straightforward proposition. The plain facts are more than enough.
Rachid Bouchareb's stirring war movie does for the North Africans what Ousmane Sembene and Thierno Faty Sow's Camp Thiaroye did for the Senegalese: it acknowledges the important role they played fighting alongside the French in World War II.
Days of Glory is a rousing, old-fashioned World War II platoon movie in the gritty tradition of combat pictures like Don Siegel's Hell is for Heroes, Sam Fuller's The Big Red One and Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.
We can pretty well guess some coming deaths, but the combat for a tiny Alsatian town is vividly done.
Rarely does a movie's title prove as bitterly ironic as Days of Glory.
Through an absence of saccharine filmmaking, director Rachid Bouchareb embarks on a tale of war where time and vulnerability bond the viewer to the characters, not the greasy fingerprints of pretense.
It's an unusually engrossing World War II epic that establishes an ensemble of distinct, multidimensional characters and skillfully puts them through a gantlet of harrowing combat situations.
It's a war movie burning with discontent, a moving reminder of the sacrifices that Algerian Muslim infantrymen made for a motherland that treated them abominably.
The soldiers who battled the Nazis were, indeed, brave men, but this turgid hunk of fromage is not a worthy tribute to them.
The movie is more about what happens between the battles than during them. It's the plight of the men, fighting for an army that considers them second-class citizens, that raises Days of Glory above your average war movie.
Days of Glory is -- disappointingly, but not unsurprisingly -- a dull, plodding war film bursting with noble intentions, but ultimately wearing its agenda a bit too much on its sleeve.
There's definitely something in the air, as Flags of Our Fathers, Letters From Iwo Jima and now Days of Glory (cursed new title and all) have been trying to erode that formal spit and polish we associate with The Greatest Generation.
This movie is much better than 'Flags of Our Fathers' and every bit as good as 'Letters From Iwo Jima'.
The movie plods along rather deliberately until the climactic confrontation at the end ---- then the action becomes riveting.
The Algerian entrant for the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar lacks the punch and imagination of its competition.
[Rachid] Bouchareb's movie combines convention with insight in a manner that may prevent it from being a great film but probably helped clinch it as a productive one.
The deluge of World War II movies presents a challenge to Days of Glory, one it can only partially overcome. Very little about it is new.
Days Of Glory is an extraordinary document, part war film, part love story, part history lesson.
In recounting this conflicted tale, director Rachid Bouchareb displays some valour of his own, resisting what must have been a strong temptation to deal in aggrieved agitprop, and instead confining his attentions to a small group of indigenous soldiers.
Rachid Bouchareb's Days of Glory, is a movingly acted, terrifically old-fashioned World War II picture rethought as a post-colonial rebuke.
Days of Glory lacks the big-battle sequences of epic war movies, but makes up for it with emotionally rooted characterizations of its different personalities.
Ably performed and effective as an old-fashioned war movie.
It could be a better movie. But it certainly convinces you of the nobility of the souls of the men whose boots were on the ground and whose bodies went into that same ground.
Few [war movies] are as moving as Days, but even so, this film doesn't romanticize. It's hard, clear, full of empathy for its characters and lucid in its insight into their plight.
It isn't often a movie has the power to force a country to do the right thing.
Can be heavy-handed at times but overall makes its points with considerable power.
Algeria's pick in the Oscar race for Best Foreign-Language film is a wounding indictment of discrimination in the trenches.
An Oscar nomination doesn't tell you why a particular film is so honored, so let me suggest that this one has a lot to do with the performance level.
A long-view history lesson and emotionally solvent treatment of the North African role in WWII that redresses the still-lingering issue in France.
Days of Glory instantly strikes the viewer as a personable film that carries genuine warmth towards its main characters. Though not innovative in any way, there's a rugged, worn-in feeling to it that recalls Sam Fuller's The Big Red One.
I've never seen a picture quite like Days of Glory, which not only illuminates a forgotten patch of history, but also broadens and enriches the idea of what it means to be both a patriot, in the best sense of the word, and a citizen of the world.
Just when you think you've viewed World War II from every conceivable angle, a picture like Days of Glory comes along and expands your range of vision with a stirring sense of urgency.
The First French Army, composed mostly of 130,000 North Africans, were referred to contemptuously by the French as indigènes -- natives. Their bravery in wartime has never, until now, been adequately described in a movie.
Pedestrian... employs all the usual chestnuts.
A clear and urgent essay on the battle for soldier's hearts and minds in the context of foreign wars. A great action war film featuring suburb acting throughout.
Days of Glory has received a rapturous reception in France, where it has struck a historical nerve with its belated recognition of the sacrifices of 130,000 North African colonial soldiers.
'Days of Glory' is highly effective in imaging the horror and fear of combat.
This well intentioned picture works quite well as a history lesson. But good intentions or not, most of the movie is a rather dry and understated catalog of the ill treatment of the Muslims.
A stupendous work.
...a good, action-packed war movie with admirable character development, one that informs while it entertains.
This remarkable film is one of the year's best and is the first film from Algeria to garner submission to the lofty heights of Oscar contender for Best Foreign Language entry.
Não tenho ilusões de que o Cinema, de modo geral, tenha forças para mudar o mundo. Vez por outra, porém, surge um trabalho que desafia as probabilidades e deixa sua pequena marca na História. E este parece ser o caso de Dias de Glória.
Even stories that Must Be Told can use excitement and imagination.
...demonstrates that films which aim to educate modern audiences about historical injustices will never have an expiration date.
The film also conveniently omits the fact that many other Arabs supported the Germans. That smoothing out of complex issues makes Indigenes more of a simple crowd pleaser than a genuinely challenging film.
Powerful tale of African soldiers fighting Nazis and the racism of their French officers.
The story Bouchareb tells is something no classic has tackled before -- that of patriots fighting for a homeland that didn't treat them with égalité.
[Days of Glory's] grim, cynical portrayal of young men considered worthy enough to die for a foreign country, yet unworthy of being treated as equals, proves bluntly powerful.
A splendid war movie.
If you're a WW2 enthusiast this may be worth a look.
Bouchareb nobly honors men whose sacrifices have largely gone unnoticed.
Days of Glory is as moving as it is ingenuous.
... a film that is feelingly made and steeped in the strongest emotions.
A sad depiction of how courageous North African soldiers fighting for France during World War II were treated shabbily by their superiors.
Days of Glory has good intentions and a well-executed combat scene, but it could do with more originality.
There are similarities to Saving Private Ryan ...but filmmaker Bouchareb has a much lighter touch than Steven Spielberg, never pushing the point or falling back on sentiment.
Algeria's official Oscar submission for best foreign language film is a damn good war movie.
This rasping relic of a WWII "message picture" is hackneyed to its noble core.
Bouchareb's WWII epic took more than a decade to make, but dealing with racism and injustice within the French army, is at once an impressive chronicle of a nearly-forgotten unit and a timely statement vis-a-vis the recent racial riots in France.
It is telling when a film's only truly emotional sequence is the one brought about by spectacular CGI explosions and digitally enhanced gunfire.
Days of Gory makes no departures from previous war films, but the tensions between the French commanders and the indigenous troops -- and the conflicts among themselves over how best to respond to provocations -- gives the film its dramatic punch.
Big budgeted ($16 million) multi-national production downplays its epic scale with a nicely-tuned ensemble that concentrates on personalities rather than battles, highlighting the contribution these men made despite treatment as second-class soldiers.

@highlight

Days of Glory is a powerful historical epic that pays homage to a valiant group of soldiers whose sacrifices have largely been forgotten.