The degree to which Vehicle 19 flounders and ultimately fails is, to put it mildly, rather disappointing...
neither Walker nor the script can keep your interest for the duration, with action set pieces and intrusive music overpowering what should have been a claustrophobic and tense experience
Neither particularly fast nor furious.
Vehicle 19 sets up a fascinating conceit for itself, and then loses interest in delivering on it. It just wants to get to the cool car chase, but by the time it does, we've stopped caring.
The script is overwhelmed by cliches and implausibilities.
Mr. Walker's character is haunted by a troubled past, but the film would have been better if it had given him more to do in the present.
The plot is brainless even for a Paul Walker movie. Get ready for "The Slow and the Spurious."
A lean, low-budget and claustrophobic mistaken-identity thriller that's so stripped-down, it's nearly nonexistent.
[Walker] is forced to really act here. It's a task he faces with admirable dedication, if not unqualified success.
A serviceable if silly B-movie ...
Low-tech and initially diverting, the feature soon rides on dramatically bald tires with Walker in the lead role, unable to squeeze out the necessary anguish to communicate the wrong place, wrong time feel of the script.
As a man working against the clock while trapped in a vehicle out of control, Paul Walker never wastes his time-or yours.
Vehicle 19 is best when it's silent.
As one incoherent action scene follows another, one's left staring at a film with nothing to respond to, waiting for it all to be over.
Paul Walker is an effective and handsome lead and retains a look of brooding intensity that is appropriate for the role.
Paul Walker is fine behind the wheel. But the chases are shot ineptly and what's a car chase movie without good looking chases?
Paul Walker remains behind the steering wheel, but this action thriller has a whiff of the arthouse about it, simply by being set in South Africa.
An interesting idea paired with lacklustre execution makes for a passable rather than thrilling ride.
At first it's intriguing, then annoying, and finally it gives us the urge to get out and walk.
OMG, is this supposed to be this funny?
Plagued by a lack of drive and energy, Vehicle 19 is neither fast nor furious enough to be a satisfying ride.
Good location work, albeit mostly inside the car, doesn't save the film from absurdity.
Every line that comes from Walker's stiff mouth sounds like a failed aphorism.
It's pure formula...but will give Fast and Furious fans something to drool over until the next F&F instalment comes skidding around the corner.
The plot makes very little sense, and plays out like a less compelling version of Taken, but there are some guilty-pleasure thrills along the way to the satisfyingly gonzo climax.
Vehicle 19 rivals Running Scared as the best of Walker's smaller, grittier (read: home entertainment) titles.

@highlight

It starts with an interesting premise and Paul Walker is as handsomely brooding as ever, but Vehicle 19 's incoherently shot action sequences make it a poor substitute for his work in the Fast &amp; Furious movies.