Scary? Nah. Stupid, chaotic, predictable, boring, and insulting? Yup. [Full review in Spanish]
The Vatican Tapes is a feeble Exorcist-style film that includes levitation but never lift-off.
But even if you can look past the horror flick's hopelessly flawed theology, its characters have no emotional weight, and the constant suspense is more tiring than thrilling.
So many of these scenes and performances are pitched below the common denominator of acceptable movie tricks.
The Vatican Tapes - a generic and uncreative horror entry that fails to inspire, move or frighten.
We couldn't expect more from Mark Neveldines debut. [Full Review in Spanish]
It may be nothing new, bar a few moments of in-your-face ridiculousness, but The Vatican Tapes is a pretty decent addition to the ever-growing list of exorcism films.
this hodgepodge of exorcism and possession clichés... flirt[s] uncomfortably with justifying clerical abuses as just a part of the Church's endless battle against Satan.
With its above-average cast and a gritty, realistic tone, this exorcism thriller is a lot more involving than most.
A routine regurgitation of demonology's familiar myths and legends: needless to say, possession is nine tenths of the lore.
In terms of characterisation and plotting, the film is utterly absurd, but taken as a fairground ride for the ghoulishly inclined, it just about passes muster.
The demonic-possession subgenre isn't exactly one crammed with quality cinematic experiences, but it hits a dull, unscary new low with this inept flick.
Devilish fare like The Exorcist and The Omen that rush to mind. Those classics had thrills and gore galore. This is just too tame to terrify.
The Vatican Tapes has presumably been released with Hallowe'en scares in mind, but the movie only induces hilarity, with some of the daftest exorcism scenes you'll see.
Everyone is working from diabolically thin material: concerned dad Dougray Scott utters a dozen variants of "I don't understand this!"
It's a pleasingly over-the-top affair that's perfectly positioned for Halloween, delivering some expertly conceived scares.
In a well-made but mostly unoriginal film where interest is held in spite of certain developmental pitfalls, "The Vatican Tapes" defies expectations during its final moments, culminating on a note as open-ended as it is provocatively chilling.
It feels like a fraction of a good movie.
When did horror became just a bunch of jump scares and poorly executed ideas? [Full review in Spanish]
A movie full of cliches and obvious symbolism. [Full review in Spanish]
Full of clichés and unnecessary action sequences that take time away from the plot and its characters. [Full review in Spanish]
Just as it seemed like the exorcism subgenre was on the verge of a renaissance after The Conjuring, here is the cold shower we've secretly been afraid of all this time.
While there are a few appropriately scary scenes, the overall feeling is that Neveldine could have served up a far more terrifying film if he'd pushed the envelope more.
...there is nothing about The Vatican Tapes that I can recommend. It's a very forgettable film that doesn't try to be anything different.
Director Mark Neveldine is known for his loony, kinetic cult movies, but this demon-possession tale, despite its shock ending, can't quite get past the limitations of a genre that peaked with The Exorcist (1973).
[Michael Pena] has never looked so disengaged on screen before, as if incapable of hiding his boredom even while the cameras rolled.
It exists without any real scares or chills, and only the smallest attempt to differentiate itself.
... emphasizes cheap thrills over consistent suspense, and it can't squeeze anything new from a tired genre.
It's hard to imagine how this tedious rehash of exorcism-movie clichés secured a theatrical release.
Goes through the motions, working on vomiting and eeriness, but ends up nowhere in particular, with director Mark Neveldine unnervingly comfortable making something everyone has seen before.
The film from director Mark Neveldine is so over the top that one can't help but imagine how the Wayans brothers might lampoon it, then embarrassingly recall them doing exactly so in "A Haunted House."
Whose idea of a fun time is this?
The bad news is the apocalypse is coming. The good news is you'll be too sleepy to care.
The Vatican Tapes relies heavily on its third act, but if you can stomach its more generic beginnings, you'll be treated to an exorcism story with higher stakes than normal.
Like technological innovation itself, the film seems overwhelmed by the reach of all its techo-cultural parts.
Mark Neveldine's first solo directorial effort is a silly, shrieky and eminently watchable exorcism thriller.
The director Mark Neveldine deploys queasy lighting and a trembling score, but his best choice is to let Ms. Dudley stare at us. She conveys unnerving shifts in self-awareness and sinister intent with her eyes.
The Vatican Tapes ends with the prospect of a round-two showdown between the Church and Lucifer Unbound in a sequel. Let's pray otherwise. Quoth the raven: Nevermore.
It's been a few weeks since the last found-footage demonic-possession chiller, so it must be time for another.
It's the rote B-movie that Neveldine up to now has tried so hard not to make.
At no point does this film strive to be more than a second-rate version of what it is: a halfhearted attempt to make some scratch while pretending the devil exists. Some trick.

@highlight

A loud, rote exorcism thriller that presents nothing new to an already overpopulated subgenre.