An engaging and inspirational tale... handled with graceful understatement.
It's optimistic, and maybe it doesn't have a heck of a lot to do with history, but it's a tale well told.
While this may not be the rowdiest birth-of-rock-'n'-roll film ever made -- it's very likely the least rowdy -- Sayles addresses a transitional moment in his own patient, precise way.
It's a leisurely paced period musical drama set in the Jim Crow south of the 1950s that's steeped in the black southern mores ... .
John Sayles, after 27 years and 16 films, is the ancient mariner of independent cinema, navigating the constantly swirling waters of the genre with passion and skill.
This isn't the kind of flashy Big Issue movie that makes people stand up and take notice. It's quiet and moody, with outbursts of strong emotion and energy.
inert
In this allegory, you understand, times change and troubles stay the same.
... a tone deaf movie, filled with obvious, overly expository dialogue and sometimes patronizing symbols.
The movie's central story is too slight and predictable to justify all the embroidery Sayles adds around the edges.
Never reaches its full tempo
Those who are patient will be rewarded with an engaging cast and the type of rousing ending that makes it worthwhile.
The cumulative effect is very tasty indeed.
It survives on its versatile leads, its smoky cinematography (courtesy of Dick Pope) and its seductive musical performances, which run from gospel to jazz to blues to the to the electrifying kick-start of early rock 'n' roll.
John Sayles is back in the saddle with another film in his regional cinema series
like a rich and complex novel rendered as a visual experience that is equally rich and as unabashedly poetic in its images as Sayles is with his metaphors
Honeydripper is an electrifying period piece about how music can bring folks together and generally save one's soul -- or at least its final 15 minutes is. The rest of the time, it's just a lot of sassy talk and scenery.
Even more than the music in this musically rich picture, the great pleasure of Honeydripper is in watching Danny Glover as Tyrone Purvis, the club owner.
Honeydripper is a pleasant enough story, but when Sayles is involved, it is a shock to feel so little.
With its cotton-field locations, diddley-bo props and scripted nods toward blues history and mythology, 'Honeydripper' somehow feels touristy rather than authentic -- as if it were a product of research rather than passion.
John Sayles returns with another literate, professional, yet highly enjoyable film.
Although Honeydripper won a screenplay award at the San Sebastián Film Festival, it's not Sayles' strongest work. Part of the problem is that it keeps building to a rock-'n'-roll payoff that never quite arrives.
With each turn of events being telegraphed well in advance, there are no surprises in Sayles' script. The cast, however, headed by Glover's complex portrait of a man plagued by his past, is fresh enough to cover the stale plot mechanics.
Trudging nobly under a mantle of impeccably earnest intentions and a fussy, too-quaint-by-half production design, Honeydripper lags and drags to its utterly predictable end. There's not a spark of spontaneity or soul about it.
A musical period piece that manages to be lighthearted and socially conscious.
Gorgeous cinematography, fine acting, splendid music, good old-fashioned story -- what's not to like?
It has all the reliable components of Sayles' films: a strong social conscience; well-drawn characters whose lives overlap convincingly; a languid pace that allows for the honest unfolding of their foibles and fears; a vivid evocation of a place and time.
It's a solid history lesson that's less solid as a movie, simply because so much of the weight seems to be crammed into a too-fragile framework. As a film, Honeydripper is fine history put to less fine use.
It's best to forget the story here and focus on those small moments that shine in any Sayles film.
This movie is dripping a lot of things, none of them honey.
Honeydripper's story isn't anything you haven't seen a dozen times before, but where Sayles succeeds is in his ability to dramatize the psychological and linguistic details that give identity to a subculture struggling for survival.
Strangely, and perhaps due to the music, the film moves with more verve than much of Sayles' recent work. But it's still flat and disappointing.
Honeydripper, by veteran American director John Sayles, shows just how much life music can give to a movie.
A movie with a lot of pulled dramatic punches, Honeydripper is still very likable. Its real attraction is real blues stars playing live with an energy that would float a much lesser movie than this.
A contemplative fable, Honeydripper locates the moment but misses the heart-pounding, gut-wrenching explosion -- the history is there, the thrill isn't.
John Sayles is a natural storyteller and national treasure, dedicated to spinning narratives of America, state by state, into a vibrant quilt of 20th-century American history.
The only surprise in all this scripted sentiment is its apparent conclusion that maybe the blues deserve to be dead
Filled with observant, atmosphere-drenched, folkloric vignettes that delineate racism in that time in that place.
As Sayles is messing with a brilliant legacy one can only hope he'll exercise more discernment the next time he sets downto write a script.
Has John Sayles finally lost his mojo?
The wonderful cast, mainly black, carries it all with ease, even sailing past occasional false moments.
[Sayles is] more concerned with spinning a ground-level human comedy than searching for pie in the sky. His movie is rich with characters and flowing with music.
Think of it as an expert piece cultural anthropology with a beat that you can dance to.
Any time Sayles clicks with his material this succinctly, the results are thrilling.
This is minor league Sayles, filled with strong performances and rich in evocative historical details, but lacking the freshness that would've made it something more.
It's time to acknowledge John Sayles' dependable good intentions. His latest film, Honeydripper, may have slipped through the cracks of December's big-ticket releases, but it's easily Sayles' best film in a good while.
The large cast is admirable, but the joint doesn't so much jump as shuffle earnestly from foot to foot.
Honeydripper is a decent but lesser entry in the unique and praiseworthy oeuvre of John Sayles, a maverick filmmaker who has done more to showcase America, its pros and cons, and diversity than any other filmmaker alive.
It's infused with some great music.
Moviemaking seems to have become almost magically easy for this independent writer-director.
Honeydripper, is medium-grade [John] Sayles.
A leisurely, atmospheric production with lots of time to appreciate [Sayles'] largely African-American cast, along with rocking musical interludes and just the faintest wash of spirituality.
Together with production designer Toby Corbett and costume designer Hope Hanafin, they get their visual cues from the narrative and the music, creating a rich, down-to-earth environment where violence and magic seem equally possible.
The film gets better as it goes along, and it closes with a rousing musical flourish, as immensely charismatic newcomer Clark Jr. finally hits the stage. At last, Sayles' sleepy drama wakes with a start.
It's about ordinary people living in the shadow of nagging, day-to-day racism, and about the music that reminds them of what's right with the world rather than what's wrong.
Honeydripper takes forever to develop its characters, its period and its location. But once it's done all that, the payoffs are rich.
Written and directed by the indefatigable indie idol John Sayles, the movie is well-acted, but it's as talky as if it were written for the stage, with fatally slow pacing.
It's a lovely portrait of a fabled time and place, but wasn't there a bit of ugliness, too?
Honeydripper, directed by John Sayles, is a shambling fusion of pop mythology and social mosaic.
...suffers from lethargic pacing, so a lot of good will is required to make it through to the electric climax.
Sonny Blake turns out a literally electric performance on his electric guitar.
Life in a black Alabama community in the 1950s and the frantic efforts of a juke joint manager to keep his club open.
This likable, laidback movie goes down well, a pleasant dash of Southern Comfort with some great tunes mixed into the batch.
so lacking in punch or drive that you just start waiting for the thing to end
Falls quite short of its mark, mostly due to the poor casting as well as a deathly slow pace that far too often veers away from [the film's] greatest strength, which is the music.
[A] wonder of beautifully observant cinema, a sneakily magical immersion in a lost place and time...
John Sayles is to be commended for again serving up a thought-provoking slice of African-Americana sans the shucking and jiving which Hollywood typically attaches to black-oriented fare.
John Sayles's mediocre Honeydipper is flanked by two great scenes.
Examining the interaction of characters within the racially-tense, musically-rich South, circa 1950, John Sayles questions how much of our actions are determined by our environment, a consistent theme in his work.
It's awfully difficult not to be drawn into this refreshingly low-key and simple tale.
The scenes involving musical performances...are the best parts of the movie, and it would be much enriched if there were more of them.
Very light and quite predictable.
The film does feature a host of interesting characters and, as always with Sayles, the dialogue has more than a few zingers.
In the endearing musical time-piece Honeydripper, the indie icon [Sayles] lets his narrative gifts take the lead and the social issues follow like a tight bass line.












@highlight

Honeydripper 's electric musical numbers and sharp performances make for an exciting film, despite its slow pace.