...suffers from an increasingly uneven sensibility that ultimately becomes oppressive...
Funny, terrifying and haunting all at once, this tripartite vision of postmodern alienation, societal breakdown and mental disintegration is as arresting as a baseball bat to the head - while still cutting to the heart.
[A] cagey low-budget horror flick.
Esforçando-se ao máximo para alcançar o equilíbrio entre gore e paródia que transformou Uma Noite Alucinante em cult, esta bomba torna-se risível apenas pela incompetência generalizada com que foi realizada.
It's definitely an interesting premise and the three filmmakers almost pull it off, but the last ten minutes were a bit of a disappointment to me.
This is much more than a typical genre piece; it's a sort of hip, almost punk, combination of drama, science-fiction and horror.
The film is both an impressive "calling card" work for the filmmakers and a failure as an actual film.
A bloody banquet of excessive, tasteless gore, but with an odd infusion of unsavory humor that never meshes with the horror. Think fatal car crash with a laugh track.
All I kept writing down in my notes during the movie was "gruesome" "I can't breathe" "My stomach is in knots."
In the end THE SIGNAL will burn it's transmission into your brain and leave you with an impression that will never go away. This is that film that leaves you with that special glow (yes, kind of like after sex), the smile that doesn't fade and the convers
For a soup overseen by three cooks, the whole works reasonably well, with some pretty complex interlocking, A must for fans of nonlinear storytelling.
tone shifts awkwardly to a Shaun of the Dead-meets-Fido-style satirical commentary on domestic life
The Signal reveals killer horrors skills on the part of Bruckner, and to a lesser extent of Gentry and Bush. So if you don't mind a film that starts strong and finishes weak, check it out.
It's a pity that the film isn't a little bit better, to really do the concept justice. It's not a bad movie...but it's not at all good in the ways that you'd hope.
You, too, may be feeling violently angry by the time the movie ends. Did the writers-directors sprinkle their reels with the script's airwave-riding rage-ohol? Nope: The Signal just sucks.
It's all screwball fun until someone gets bugsprayed down the throat.
The perversely funny, consistently spooky and pornographically violent The Signal, is the first great cult hit of 2008.
Has a certain gritty punch...but in the end it doesn't amount to much but the usual genre static.
It doesn't take long for the The Signal's promising beginning to fade into a haze that leaves the viewer exhausted and irritated.
...brings new blood to the horror genre, but in the end, one vision may have served the material better than three.
An outright horror film that nonetheless veers on occasion into surreal black comedy, The Signal takes Marshall McLuhan's famous statement 'the medium is the message' to extremes not explored since David Cronenberg's Videodrome in 1983.
None of the rabbit holes in The Signal go that deep. But you do leave persuaded that you've discovered some talented people.
A movie that explores the common ground between visceral horror and sketch comedy, and finds plenty of it.
The Signal is electrifying, deliciously mad and twisted filmmaking. It's certainly not for everyone, but chances are it will inspire many.
This is basically a David Cronenberg concept dumbed down to a bunch of sadistic jokes, lacking any of the master's humane poignancy.
With just one compelling sequence emerging from so many filmmakers' efforts, The Signal is decidedly less than the sum of its parts.
This three-part horror movie directed by a trio of Atlanta filmmakers is set during the collapse of Terminus, a fictional city whose citizens are being driven to rage.
A slasher fest that references such predecessors as George A. Romero's Night of the Living Dead and Pulse, a 2001 chiller by Japan's talented Kiyoshi Kurosawa, while still remaining original.
Ultimately, The Signal doesn't rewrite the rules of horror, the way those masters did. But its filmmakers do provide a creepy, bloody good show.
The film suffers slightly from diminishing returns -- its first third is by far its scariest -- but it's still a bold, artful take on a popular horror idea.
A botched sci-fi story about the horror that erupts when televisions suddenly start emitting signals that turn folks into maniacs (maybe we should have gone with Toshiba).
You will definitely appreciate this film's ambition, if not its execution.
I really enjoyed the first hour or so of The Signal, but, whereas a movie can overcome a bad start, it's tough to overcome a bad ending.
The filmmakers' team effort gives off strong echoes of Stephen King's Cell, David Cronenberg's They Came From Within, George Romero's The Crazies, Danny Boyle's 28 Days Later.
A startlingly original, smart indie film that so effortlessly mixes high-caliber gore, suspense and shocking violence with vaudevillian hilarity, it's clearly animated by the spirit of the classic Re-Animator films.
...a film-school genre exercise more than anything else; and being hyperbolically bloody in a very familiar way, it just isn't scary.
It is the wildly chaotic and loony middle section where The Signal truly achieves a level of out-of-control B-movie brilliance.
It hardly matters that The Signal is deeply flawed. This one has cult favorite stamped all over it.
For many fans of the genre, the success of the first act and the ambition of the entire concept will be more than enough to make them fans of The Signal.
I don't want to come down too hard on "The Signal" because while I don't think that it ultimately works in the end, it is far more ambitious in both concept and execution than the majority of contemporary American horror efforts
There is plenty of style but little substance in this sci-fi twist on torture porn.
The opening two reels of the picture are masterful. Then the rest of the film happens...this picture contains greatness, but only in the smallest amounts.
[The filmmakers] tread close to zombie movie conventions but manage to come up with something fresh.
a good start to the year in horror.
An inspired low-budget horror item with a rough and tumble guerilla filmmaking flair. What it lacks is a steady focal point to rattle the viewer's interest and emotions for an hour and a half.
Plays like a trivia game for folks pleased to recognize a severed-head-in-a-vise gag from one of the most storied independent success stories of all time.
... another low-budget effort from filmmakers who mistake cleverness for smarts.
The latest example of how creativity can make up for an obvious absence of Hollywood money.
The Signal is a well-oiled example of that oxymoronic Tarantino phenomenon: the arty grindhouse picture.
A mood of utter chaos rarely makes you feel like everyday citizens are this close to snapping.
In a movie about perception, misperception and the ramifications of misunderstanding, it's a bit ironic that the directors can't get out of one another's way.
Ultimately a crashing bore in all its dismally grainy (what passes for) photography.
This Look Ma, no hands! And no head either! horror film makes a Mixmaster stew out of Poltergeist, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Re-Animator, They Came From Within, and Shaun of the Dead.
This uneven but impressive shot-on-digital shocker earns a marker in the mausoleum of apocalyptic horror -- a genre that's proving (un)surprisingly durable in the new century.
This isn't the definitive post-apocalyptic gore-fest some might hope for, and is more memorable for its cast of talented Atlanta-based actors ... than the talent of the three filmmakers.
An early contender for the worst movie of 2008, this apocalyptic schlock-fest refuses to admit that it's just another zombie slasher pic.
The Signal has a cosmic sense of justice that's often hilarious; a sense of irony about the suggestion that we really could amuse ourselves to death.
If you're tired of zombie films or rabid people films, Signal is like a cool drink of water on a hot day. It's got all the goodness from the best of those genres while creating its own niche at the same time.
Smart and self-aware but also disjointed and discordant.
This low-budget horror film charts the fallout from a mysterious media transmission that cognitively rewires people into killers, and eventually turns out to be an imbalanced project that delivers increasingly diminishing returns.
You don't often see horror movies as scary, nor comedies as funny, as The Signal.... The execution of the premise is wholly fresh and original.
The perfect movie for viewing after midnight, assuming of course you have no interest in going to sleep when you get home.
Funny, scary, gory and unpredictable, this is sure to become a cult classic with a strong following.
Thesps get seriously into the roles, rendering the situation that much funnier.
Everyone is liable to have their favorite segment and each have their own merit. But before the story overshoots its boundaries, it's a pretty gory good time.
The Signal is a moderately subversive and very proficient splatter horror movie of the sort David Cronenberg used to make back in the '70s and '80s.
It sure wouldn't surprise me if my fellow horror geeks decided to embrace this one quite enthusiastically.



@highlight

The Signal is gruesome, funny, and has big thoughts about society, but those disparate elements fail to come together convincingly.