A few laughs pepper the general idiocy and occasional vileness.
Occasionally funny but more frequently excruciating and derivative, 21 & Over is aimed firmly at relative newcomers to the genre. Perhaps it should have been called 21 & Under.
This lot are not an intolerable bunch of boys, but it's hard to get fussed about how this 24-hour bender works out for them.
Perhaps I'm getting old but at times I found myself thinking the writing was often just mean, lazy or unnecessary.
In all its binge-drinking, profanity-laced, vomit-soaked glory, the film's stupefying lack of self-awareness ends up being its biggest enemy.
21 & Over is lifeless, forgettable, and bland. It's the type of film you can walk in on halfway through and not only figure out what is happening in 30 seconds, but become bored 30 seconds later. It's as close to fast food as cinema gets.
It's all very crude and crass, yet the trio remain essentially likeable, notwithstanding their riotous behaviour.
Some more revisions of the screenplay and this could have been a minor meathead classic instead of disposable junk.
An enjoyable third act can't save this uneven comedy, which strives to be more serious than it should.
Unlike Project X, which was a nihilistic, anarchistic, hedonistic binge on partying, 21 & Over had an actual story to it.
I'm not the right audience for this film, but then again neither are some 16,000 readers at the Internet Movie Database who gave it a cumulative rating of 5.7 out of 10. I think a few 21 & Unders might have pushed it up a few points.
There's a reason 21 & Over feels like a low-rent, teen version of The Hangover. It was written and directed by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, the two scribes who created the comedy blockbuster. Only this time, they're out of new ideas.
It's not exactly groundbreaking but it still takes a lot of brains to craft something as brazenly stupid as this.
Despite the veneer of vomit-stained raucousness, it's fairly mild stuff ...
A filming-by-numbers adolescent comedy ...
One of many recent films that could serve as a recruiting advertisement for Al Qaeda.
( ... ) this flatlines so often it's impossible to tell where the actual low point is. Is it the slow motion vomiting shot from multiple angles? Or a grown man standing on a bar ready to relieve himself over everyone else?
The final implication that this is how you grow up and find yourself makes one fear for the future of US youth. And, indeed, America itself.
There's probably a great comedy to be made about that daunting, awkward transition from youth to adulthood - 21 & Over just isn't it.
The writers of The Hangover stick with the same formula for this university-aged romp about three young guys who get far too drunk for their own good.
Boozed-up students might enjoy it, but it's just going to make anyone over the age of 21 feel really old.
Dire.
The plot has a certain energy but the characters are obnoxious and the gags fall flat.
In the 21st century the only intelligent people who can be pardoned for questioning evolution are those watching films such as 21 and Over.
Simply put, with friends like these, who needs enemas?
Miles Teller certainly has a way with a wisecrack. But otherwise, file next to Broken Lizard's execrable Beerfest.
If we must have three horny fools getting their rocks off during a wild all-nighter prefabricated for cult appeal, at least it's these three, whose combined bonhomie could get just about any party started.
Enlivened by pacey direction and likeable comic performances, though there's a strong sense of having seen it all before and some of the jokes are a little misguided.
Moore and Lucas's script treats the characters with affection and is peppered with belly laughs.
A silly comedy that is rife with influences from those that came before.
A Porkies-lite college comedy that offers virtually nothing by way of laughs. Avoid.
The whole endeavour feels lazy and conformist with little to recommend it.
With '21 and Over,' Lucas and Moore finally have a chance to demonstrate that they can be as witty as well as sophomoric. I'm still waiting for them to at least start trying.
It's crude, gross, tasteless and made with an almost alarming degree of drive and conviction...the film is undeniably lewd, but can't be faulted for being boring or politically correct...And you have to somehow admire that.
Despite a few lulls in the middle, the jokes pop out like Pez, are seldom stale and feel so well delivered you don't mind the movie's total meaninglessness.
Chon is a vibrant enough presence in the early scenes to invite our sympathy. But the filmmakers sweep all that aside for one more crazy-night escapade with white guys front and center and Chon practically comatose at the edge of the frame.
"Hangover" for the college crowd, but it's a pale imitation.
'21 and Over' looks for laughs in all the wrong places.
Lacks the laughs to hold up the appeal of a dumb comedy.
Better than 'Project X' and 'The Hangover Part II,' worse than 'The Hangover' and 'Superbad.' So yeah, it's average.
This 'junior' version of the bacchanal in 'The Hangover' is a raunchy, misogynistic re-tred that's tawdry yet tame.
It lives comfortably inside the warm embrace of the unquestioned privilege its creators thoughtlessly provide.
In the end, 21 and Over is more exhausting - and exhausted - than funny or wild.
...yet another movie showing young adults to be immoral, profane, irresponsible dolts lowlighted by a lot of vomiting (in slow motion, no less!)...This could be the worst...
We feel manipulated into giving "The Hangover" masterminds our 10 bucks again while getting an immature regression back to what appears like a college film made by college film students.
One of those brashly formulaic all-night-long youth-party flicks that's redeemed by the speed and personality of the actors.
Or 'The Hangover: The College Edition'--and totally abysmal...the pits in every respect.
It's hard to imagine anybody who's 21 and over truly getting much out of 21 & Over, but as far as these sorts of films go, this one isn't as aggressively stupid as some.
It's rare that I'm offended by a film, and it's not the bad behavior that bothers me. It's the worldview. My heart breaks for anyone who believes life is that bleak
This movie is filled with the kind of jokes you'd expect to see on an Internet meme -- something that may elicit at most a chuckle.
Only Chon get's off lightly, mostly because he's unconscious for parts of the film and doesn't have to perform.
These guys get into more trouble in one night than members of this film's target audience will encounter in their entire college lives.
All, or at least some, might be forgiven if there were just one likable character or memorable joke.
Among the ingredients "21" is missing: the infectiously random silliness of a Zach Galifianakis, the smug hunkiness of a Bradley Cooper, and any sort of Vegas-y gloss whatsoever.
21 & Over powers along with a winning Abercrombie bonhomie, IE naked guys and racism. Hilarious racism.
21 and Over won't go down as generation-defining but its target demographic should find something to laugh at.
21 and Over desperately wants to be The Hangover and Superbad for a new generation of moviegoers, but it is nowhere as funny or as memorable as any of those movies.
Aspiring to be as crude and sophomoronic as the American Pie movies and their ilk, 21 And Over has frequent glimmers of wit and hilarity, along with a solid grasp of today's young adults.
Lucas and Moore have written this story enough times that they know how to make it flow even when there are long gaps between laughs, and as directors they show a keen eye for casting.
21 & Over provides lots of fun while the beer flows. Too bad the R.A. felt like he had to come in and ask everyone about their major.
Raunchy buddy comedy is all about getting wasted.
The so-called comedy 21 & Over is offensive. Not because it's racist, sexist, homophobic and cruel, but because it's racist, sexist, homophobic and cruel in a dull, monotonous way.
Inconsistent, but mostly funny.
Following that criteria, "21 and Over" is a glorious homage to pretty much every memorable comedy about youthful recklessness from the past 30 years.
Lucas and Moore don't bother to come up with a single funny joke. Instead they apparently hope that combining racist and sexist insults with unfocused mayhem will be diversion enough.
If you like your movies stupid, loud, crude and profane, with a touch of racism and misogyny as extra flavouring, the new comedy 21 and Over is just about right.
Everything is done to excess with the needle on the gross-out meter buried in the red.
This is comedy on a familiar train where every stop is reassuringly predictable.
I don't think I've ever seen someone ralph in super-slo-mo while riding a mechanical bull before, so kudos for originality there, I guess.
Any movie beginning with two dudes wearing nothing but tube socks (and not on their feet), welts on their buttocks and branded sorority logos to boot has nowhere to go but down. 21 and Over does that gladly, and in a demented way gracefully at times.
The real problem with 21 and Over is that it swipes most of its material from better movies.
There is some immature amusement to be had by "21 & Over," the occasional clever line of dialogue or quirky situation, but then there's the majority of time spent wallowing in stereotypes, mixed messaging, and overbearing racial insensitivity.
If there's one thing these early-20-somethings don't deserve, it's sympathy...
What you'd expect from the writers of the Hangover movies
If this movie is a hit it will be definitive proof that H. L. Mencken was right: 'Nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public.'
The story wants to be deliciously outrageous and transgressive. It is just tawdry and juvenile.
[Justin Chon] bursting into a bar shouting the quote "where the white women at?" just speaks to me, what can I say?
A raucous boys' night comedy that goes for the outrageous and hits it often enough.
21 and Over is hardly a classic in the making, [but] it's a surprisingly entertaining addition to the college party genre.
21 and Over is pretty much for people with an IQ of 21 and under.
A cynical college-age "Hangover" redo with far, far fewer fully developed characters or inventive adventures. (And that's saying something.)
Here is a youth comedy that is leering, offensive, politically incorrect, at times even disgusting, and yet not a bummer.
The film doesn't hit nearly as hard as it should, and it's a shame that this might be how anyone would spend their 21st birthday.
At last, a movie that combines the acting prowess of the title character in Weekend at Bernie's with the convoluted plot of Dude, Where's My Car?
Bleech. Tasteless. Even worse, unfunny.
21 and Over kinda scratches the record shifting from inane stupidity to serious moments.
You can't hate 21 & Over, and you can't laugh at it. The most you can do is just pity it for not being as outrageous as it thinks it is. And as any guy will tell you, being pitied is the ultimate humiliation.
An alcohol-fueled journey that becomes progressively more farfetched and, as the film's run time ticks on, increasingly unwatchable.
Writer-directors Jon Lucas and Scott Moore find a nice balance between the over-the-top high jinks and an emotional core, which unexpectedly crystallizes relatively late in the movie.
This play-it-safe debut delivers, but doesn't exactly surprise, proving Lucas and Moore like their protagonists wasted, but not their opportunities.
Scrapes the bottom of the barrel then shotguns it into our faces.
By the dictates of the boys-will-be-boys party genre, 21 and Over is so tame that it barely manages to even be offensive.
...condenses the familiarity of so many other party-hearty romps into 93 harried minutes.
It's broad, naughty, and irresponsible, but never inspired, carefully coloring inside the lines, refusing the challenge of barnstorming blackout entertainment.
A Hangover-in-college romp that's genial enough but distinctly short on really funny comic moments.
21 & Over seems particularly redundant, since a film already exists that's exactly like The Hangover, only not as good: It was called The Hangover Part II.
Lucas and Moore's work is sophomoric at best, but Teller, Astin and Chon are talented and charming enough to keep you engaged and, for the most part, enjoying the party.
While comparisons to ''The Hangover'' are inevitable, ''21 & Over'' is actually reminiscent of a different and specific kind of movie: the early Vince Vaughn-Jon Favreau romp.
The cast is terrific, the jokes keep coming and it provides crucial advice for anyone who is nauseated but decides to ride a mechanical bull anyway: Don't.
Recommended for Seth MacFarlane.
Gonzo, psychotic and deranged. And those are the best parts.



@highlight

Though it strives to mimic The Hangover , 21 and Over is too predictable, too unabashedly profane, and too inconsistently funny to carry the torch.