The empathy the film shows not only for its protagonist and the titular animal, but for life in the margins in America's midwest, lingers long after Lean on Pete stops rolling.
There are sad moments in store, but it's a story told quite beautifully...
Lean on Pete feels raw and real, with many outstanding (and unpredictable) vignettes and a terrific central performance by Plummer.
A sobering portrait of a boy on his own that reveals the universal yearning for home
The film exposes the emptiness at the heart of the American self-made man.
The brightest moments happen when an aged and disgustingly charming Steve Buscemi appears on screen, the least with the boy's poetic and intimate interactions with the horse... [Full Review in Spanish]
Once again [director Andrew Haigh] does not waste a scene or a line of dialogue. [Full review in Spanish]
A clearheaded, unsentimental portrayal of the perilous life of poor Americans living outside of the social mainstream.
At its heart, this is a story about wounded people stuck in unhappy lives and all the many and terrible ways they try and fail and try again to make do.
Neither falsely optimistic nor hopeless, Lean on Pete is a deeply humane film that is never anything less than believable.
A listless but lyrical, sometimes touching picaresque across the mesas of Oregon, Idaho and Wyoming, where Charley runs into the forgotten corners of post-crash American culture.
After the long, slow burn of the first half, Lean on Pete takes a Walkabout-like veer into the desert void, and like an old horse getting a sudden shock, the film suddenly comes charging to life.
A pleasing cross between All The Pretty Horses and The Straight Story, with a rite-of-passage dollop of American Honey.
For all its sometimes over-episodic structure, Haigh has crafted a quietly affecting coming-of-age journey tale sustained by a central performance that never feels forced or contrived.
Lean on Pete's brand is intimacy; there's nothing more intimate than figures cut out on the horizon, a sunset for two. [Full Review in Spanish]
It also doesn't hurt that [Andrew] Haigh finds something redeeming about his characters, even if Charley can be foolish and Del underhanded.
Andrew Haigh... infuses the film with warmth and honesty, facing the darkest moments head-on as the only way to get through them.
A performance of remarkable depth, candour and vulnerability by rising star Charlie Plummer lies at the heart of this terrifically moving fourth feature film from British writer-director Andrew Haigh.
The entire story is told with a quiet but punctuating lyricism, avoiding cliches and obvious histrionics to play up the drama of the story. Movies are rarely more effective when they are told through a naturalistic lens.
Plummer's expressive performance keeps us holding on until the touching final furlong.
Lean on Pete is a beauty. Giddy up and go.
The camera doesn't show off, but finds moments of quiet beauty across the different landscapes.
Haigh's new film has the substance and emotional heft to be considered a masterpiece.
The cinematography is stunning, from the shots of a boy & his horse against the open spaces of the mid-West to the dusty, drab and somehow desperate-looking rural racecourses.
It's a slightly meandering journey (figuratively and literally) about searching for our place in the world and trying to eke some hope out of desperation.
An outsider's portrait of America that's fully attuned to both the mythic grandeur and the harsh realities of life in a country where wide-open spaces belie the high cost of freedom.
It's a tremendously watchable performance from Plummer, and a film well worth seeing.
An unvarnished fable that falls somewhere between The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Grapes of Wrath.
Rising star Charlie Plummer is mesmerizing...
Plummer gives an excellent performance: watchful, sensitive, delicate and yet possessed of a survivor's impassive quality.
This may not be Andrew Haigh's best film. But its slow-burning authenticity suggests a versatility to go with his acuity for credible characters in recognisable situations.
In the second half of the film, the improbabilities mount and sentimentality creeps in. This, though, is still powerful and poignant filmmaking.
Lean on Pete can feel like Dickens, under a starry and menacing American sky.
A respectful treatment, and a brilliant performance from Charlie Plummer, but in truth the novel is so good that it's a hard act to follow.
Lean on Pete isn't a family-friendly film, but its powerful message about the importance of family will stay with anyone willing to stick it out.
So much of the success of the film is in the mood, and the sense of constant restraint on the part of Haigh. He's always holding the reins, forcing us to study the scenarios he places before us through Charley's innocent eyes.
I can certainly imagine some well-meaning parent seeing the poster and thinking that the movie is suitable for their horse-loving child. It's not. The film's presentation of life on the margins is harsh and authentic.
[Charlie] Plummer is good as Thompson, but not good enough to hold attention for this too-long film, directed by Andrew Haigh.
Charlie Plummer (no relation to Christopher) turns in a terrific performance as a gritty, near-broken kid finding common ground with a gritty, broken-down horse.
Haigh may try to jerk tears from viewers throughout this bleak but tender drama, but "Lean on Pete" never feels manipulative. Audiences will likely be as attached to this bittersweet film as Charley is to his horse.
A moving, somber, and occasionally brutal inversion of the Black Beauty narrative...
It's clear almost immediately that writer/director Andrew Haigh isn't looking to deliver a typical coming-of-age drama here...
Throughout, Plummer is mesmerizing, his sunken eyes and gaunt face telling of the layers of hardships Charley is forced to endure.
There's a sunset, but no one rides into it.
A harrowing and unforgettable a portrait of adolescent turmoil... Charlie Plummer...is the true linchpin of the film, giving a performance of rare insight and dramatic impact.
If "The 400 Blows" was set in the poorer sections of the rural Pacific Northwest, it would run very close to this.
"Lean on Pete" demands a different kind of attention from moviegoers. But the rewards are worth it.
The film is a showcase for a very promising young actor named Charlie Plummer. Lanky, sensitive but assured, Plummer gives his character, 15-year-old Charley, a sense of raw decency maintained through trying circumstances.
Lean on Pete is life affirming in that it affirms life is hard and unforgiving.
The animal holds a mirror up to the human protagonist...how prone youth can be on the cusp of adulthood, how reckless when desperate or threatened, how vulnerably pure of heart.
Though it carries a strong animal-rights message, Lean on Pete is one of the most human films you'll see this year.
Even for those who find it difficult to connect with "horse movies," there's a lot worthwhile in Lean On Pete.
The points Haigh makes about the people left behind in our ever-changing economy have a resonance. But don't be surprised if "Lean on Pete" strikes you as just a tiny bit lame.
Lean on Pete... is content to move at a canter, which is just about perfect for what it wants to say.
This is a very tough movie that does not skimp on either the beauties or horrors of the world of horse-racing.
Lean on Pete achieves a visual elegance that grows more expansive and expressive as it goes along.
There is a disquieting sense that the director has fallen prey to the poetics of space at the expense of the lives within it.
It's hard to imagine anyone watching Lean on Pete and not rooting hard for Charley's wish to come true.
Watching it means pretending the acting around Plummer is believable, to be able to follow the story.
The words in his new film are pungent in themselves, but they're given greater power by Mr. Plummer's remarkable performance.
The sense of both transcendent beauty and crushing futility is so all-encompassing that it accidentally infected my own life: Before I remembered I was merely watching a film, I earnestly worried I was doomed.
Plummer's performance engenders ... instant sympathy for Charley.
Plummer's understated intensity seizes our attention and holds it.
Like Haigh's other absorbing dramas, this is a movie that will take root in your imagination and stay there for a while.
Lean on Pete becomes a sort of American odyssey.
This is a tough movie to shake, and while it believes in the kindness of strangers, "Lean on Pete" never forgets every other human failing, impulse and circumstance.
What sustains the movie - and Charley, and the audience - is its faith in the essential innocence of people, even as Haigh looks coolly at the damage they've suffered and the damage they inflict.
At the center of this oddly riveting little picaresque is a performance of such quiet power by Plummer - as an antihero both rash and precociously resourceful - that it's easy to overlook the film's flaws.
Depending on what you want to read into it, Lean On Pete is about the dangerous ease of hitting rock bottom, about the plight of modern manhood and about the disintegration of the American Dream. Whatever, I liked the horse story best.
Authentic, gorgeously photographed, and equipped with the ability to make anyone cry, Lean on Pete is a worthy adaptation of the source material and an intimate portrait of America's underclass
Andrew Haigh's deliberate and moving study of a youth adrift with a horse as much in need as he is hits the mark. Charlie Plummer is terrific.
Lean on Pete is full of so many themes that will drive the emotions home so it wouldn't be unwise to have a Kleenex handy.
In Lean on Pete, we are reminded that human connection, no matter how brief, is essential to our well-being and growth.
This is not a movie about a boy and his horse. It is something far more grueling and merciless, and as the film reveals itself in an increasingly jaw-dropping series of vignettes, it's likely to leave you in tatters.
At his best, [Haigh] can strike more emotional notes from silence than most directors can with a full chorus of sound.
In the hands of British filmmaker Andrew Haigh, this tale of a troubled teen (an extraordinary Charlie Plummer) bonding with a horse becomes a heartbreaking look at a marginalized America.
Plummer is so good in this role, a young man who refuses to ask for help, insistent on making his own way - watch his face whenever he receives payment for a job well done, the actor flushing with joy at his ability to provide for himself.
There is painfully little love, except for the warm and compassionate filmmaking itself, in Andrew Haigh's tender and heartbreaking coming-of-age drama Lean on Pete.
Haunting tale of survival and love has language, violence.
... provides a compassionate showcase for both its two-legged and four-legged stars, whose moments together convey a genuine poignancy that carries the film through its narrative rough patches.
The beauty of Haigh's film resides in going through the meandering, episodic nature and finding poignancy, depth if you will, in its beautifully constructed cracks.
As its scenario goes from sad to worse...the movie seems to aspire only to bumming everybody out.
When it's at its subtlest, Lean on Pete sings with power; but when things get outwardly grim, it loses a little of its impact.
Charlie Plummer, last seen as the kidnappee in All the Money in the World, has a naïf-ish quality and a perilously open face.
Tear ducts, saddle up.
A very fine movie that I haven't stopped thinking about since I saw it, partly because stories about forgotten and mistreated children tend to be reserved for documentaries and foreign-language art cinema.
Lean on Pete flows with such gentle beauty that it may be hard to grasp precisely what it's about or where it's going. But the power of this sublime drama is that it can support myriad interpretations while remaining teasingly mysterious.
This is a rare drama where spoilers are a real danger; Lean on Pete's rawest, most wrenching moments have a way of skillfully blindsiding viewers, and spoiling any of those would definitely lessen the movie's impact.
Plummer is a striking young man with a soulful face and expressive eyes. His performance is heartbreakingly believable.
Plummer renders a shockingly good performance, one that moviegoers will look back on as his true breakthrough role.
By the end, in its painstakingly observational way, Lean on Pete had devastated me twice and hung me there in a state of tense uncertainty for thirty or forty minutes.
A piercing revelation of the ways in which Western culture injures men.
As tragic asLean On Peteis, it's also full of exceptionally beautiful moments of connection and sweetness,one of Haigh's specialties.
It's hard to watch Lean On Pete without thinking of how different this story would be if Charley were a young woman or a person of color... Still, it's rare to see this type of poverty portrayed onscreen, and Lean On Pete does so effectively...
A raw-boned, melancholic mood piece that trades in none of the easy inspiration its poster and trailer might suggest.
The story drifts with Charley, in and out of peril, and becomes a doleful picaresque; as his face grows hollow and besmirched, we desperately want him to survive.
As sharply as it delineates an America of spotty, informal economies, the film avoids articulating most of the people who live and work in these spaces.
Charlie Plummer rocks as a 15-year-old forced to fend for himself and having adventures that few young people could imagine.
Charley is the perfect working-class avatar for the white urban NPR listener: the boy is surrounded by poor people but not really one of them, only momentarily corrupted by homelessness and depredation until he finally lands safely in the suburbs.
A somber, quixotic trek through a modern West of limited horizons, finite opportunities and the sense that even the young are just playing out their string.
Again and again, I marveled at the humanist depth of the world Haigh creates, one that can only be rendered by a truly great writer and director, working near the top of his game.
But this movie is all about [Charlie] Plummer's Charley. Go see it, and you'll understand why. The guy has acting chops - in spades.
[Charlie Plummer's] character takes your breath away, he's so cowed by the world of the working poor, yet so clearly a potential heroic archetype that his character, Charley, silts itself in your mind long after the final images fade off the screen.
Plummer's performance is remarkably interior, bottled up behind his brimming wide eyes, and Haigh leaves enough space for the emotional weight of all that Charley is forced to process.
... [Charlie Plummer] brings to mind the young DiCaprio or River Phoenix... [Full review in Spanish]
In Lean on Pete, characters are first and foremost, leading to an finished product that is a knockout emotional triumph.
As for vérité, there are shades of social realism in Charley's inexorable drift to the margins of America, but damnation and salvation are cinematically situated in a cramped trailer and a well-lit public library, respectively.
The film, adapted by Andrew Haigh from Willy Vlautin's 2010 novel, has an urgency for epic things to happen to its main character in the most literal sense.
Despite the increased budget and scope, Andrew Haigh's artistry remains low-key and deeply intimate.
What should be desperately hard-going is rendered anything but by Haigh's delicate directorial style, an approach complemented by Plummer's appealingly understated performance.
Haigh continues to be a treasure worth seeking, and Lean on Pete is one more example of his innate sense of precision and humanity.
'Lean on Pete' is a good old-fashioned boy-and-his-horse story, wandering through a series vignettes - each with the inner life and rich characters of a McMurtry short story, each with their own pleasures and curveballs.
It's a story that in equal measures is about the treachery of the loss of youth and the importance of retaining some youthful hope.
[Lean on Pete] leaves you almost unexpectedly gutted by the deck Charlie's been dealt, but inspired by his resilience.
Lean on Pete is a dramatic coming of age story that stands out mainly due to the performance by Charlie Plummer.
Haigh has established himself as an artist eminently capable of making incredibly human films about incredibly human pain.
Haigh's storytelling is fittingly economical-he doesn't waste a shot, a line of dialogue, an opportunity for a telling detail. His characters, after all, can't afford to waste anything.
Adapted from a novel by Willy Vlautin, the film is luminously shot and acted, and, for the most, part beautifully controlled ...
"Lean on Pete" is a small gem that covers a vast amount of territory.
Haigh has rearranged the building blocks of mawkish teen melodrama into a bracing and bittersweet coming-of-age fable.
Large portions of Lean on Pete, while exquisitely photographed, are devoted to admiring stunning vistas, but you might be left wondering what happened to the plot.
The further Charley gets from the Wenatchee and Portland racetracks, the more unique first half starts to feel pretty darn distant.
There's tragedy here, but what's most winning about Lean on Pete is how Haigh never lingers on misery. He's as interested in surprising kindnesses and the goodness of most folks as he is in life's knocks.
A standout performance from Plummer makes this thoughtful drama swing.
If this story of a lonely young life lived on the hoof leaves us craving stillness and closeness, then surely that's mission accomplished.
Rather than a genuine relationship between the animal and the boy, it feels like Charley is projecting his needs onto the animal, who could just as easily be stuffed.
Andrew Haigh is not one to shy from painful emotion in his films and Lean on Pete is no exception.
It's particularly refreshing, for those of us for whom the term "horse movie" summons a bit of a shudder, that "Lean On Pete" almost entirely refutes the idea of the mystical, mutually redemptive soul-mate-style connection between human and equine.
There's a wistful quality to the storytelling which softens some of the sharper edges of tragedy and hardship in this undeniably affecting picture.
What reads on the surface like an archetypal tale of a boy and his horse becomes an affecting snapshot of the contemporary American underclass in Andrew Haigh's lovely, slow-burning drama, Lean on Pete.
Charlie Plummer, 18 playing 15, with the looks of a teenage Christopher Walken, brings great presence to Charley - and we're rooting for him all the way.
Haigh's film is never less than heartfelt and affecting. It cares deeply for Charlie and hopes we do, too.
It's frustrating to watch, but designed in such a way that the boy's loneliness will haunt long afterward.
The maker of such intimate dramas as Weekend and 45 Years brings his gifts as a filmmaker with him to the great outdoors, always capturing little moments of character and emotion even in an expanse of seemingly infinite American desert.

@highlight

Lean on Pete avoids mawkish melodrama, offering an empathetic yet clear-eyed portrayal of a young man at a crossroads that confirms Charley Plummer as a major talent.