The Hammer could have become a typically sappy sports flick, but [Adam Carolla] filled it with enough of his trademark humor to keep things fresh even with plotting that isn't groundbreaking."
For anyone in their late 30s and early 40s who has seen a great deal of their lives pass them by, this can be very relateable.
One of the films that should not fly under the radar of sports comedy fans, "The Hammer" is a surprising good time at the movies.
It's not "Rocky" and it's not "Caddyshack", but "The Hammer" was a pleasant surprise and is a welcome addition to the all-too-small list of reliable sports comedies.
The Hammer is one of the year's nicest surprises.
Much of the film's charm comes from its scruffy, self-effacing modesty; it's a relaxed, affable underdog about a relaxed, affable underdog.
Yes, this comedy about a sad-sack, has-been boxer is painfully predictable and manages to include every cliche of the genre, but executive producer and star Adam Carolla keeps it rolling along with his trademark, deadpan rants.
Forget the 40 Year Old Virgin. How about the 40 Year Old Boxer with Self-Esteem Issues?
All The Hammer really adds to the boxing-movie canon is the refreshing air of not worrying about adding anything to the boxing-movie canon. That, and being funny.
watchable, if not unique.. all in good fun
Like a television show, The Hammer wields that mysterious power to keep you watching even though you know it isn't any good.
A boxing comedy with a potty mouth and warm heart.
To his credit, Carolla carries 'The Hammer' with self-assured ease, hoisting the film on his broad shoulders while making sure, as screenwriter, to leave some of its sharpest one-liners to his supporting cast.
Succeeds in spite of itself.
I think it's a terrific little film.
Adam Carolla isn't everyone's cup of tea, but the man can sling around an acidic one-liner with the best of them, and his starring debut is a familiar, but persuasively funny brew of clichés and belly laughs.
There are plenty of opportunities for Carolla to spout wisdom and observations.
Working with utterly predictable material, screenwriter Kevin Hench finds plenty of offbeat humor, and Carolla knows how to make it sing.
I never would have guessed that Adam Carolla, the politically incorrect radio and TV personality, could hold his own in a movie, but here's The Hammer to prove me wrong.
Carolla is winning in The Hammer, which evokes Rocky and just about every other lovable-loser sports movie while showing enough comic originality to hold interest throughout.
A nearly comatose comedy that spends its time just bum-stumbling along, never putting in the work necessary to land a solid joke or develop a winning character.
[Adam] Carolla's grumbly, monotoned, stoop-shouldered pessimism in The Hammer, the first feature he has penned, is actually funny.
Adam Carrola makes for a pretty agreeable leading man in The Hammer, a movie tailor-made to the comic strengths of the radio/TV personality.
While this rock'em sock'em rom com about a middle-aged man's unlikely return to the world of amateur boxing doesn't quite score a knockout, it lands a respectable number of body blows -- and belly laughs.
So many movies these days are overworked or overblown: The Hammer feels genuinely tossed-off. It isn't a great movie, or even a consistently good one. Yet it gets to elusive feelings about failure and success, hope and mortality.
It's genuinely funny, oddly romantic and surprisingly engaging for what could easily have been an obnoxious vanity project.
Carolla has a tendency to riff when he should be acting, and the whole project is rambling and disorganized. At the same time, though, The Hammer also has dry wit and unforced working-class swagger, and hits some surprising emotional notes.
The script depends heavily on familiar stand-up comedy bits, but it's full of sharp wisecracks and slacker charm.
Adam Carolla fans will feel they've died and gone to heaven...Unfortunately it all adds up to something more like a viral video than a full-fledged film.
Like the boxer himself, the flick is flabby but light on its feet, ultimately exceeding expectations
Plays mostly like wish-fulfillment for its star.
The movie's reliance on crass humor and long-shot solutions gradually take the charm off this underdog's blue collar.
It's no classic, but, unlike recent attempts at sports comedy (we're looking at you, Semi-Pro), The Hammer comes through by not seeming to try too hard.
The Hammer isn't going to sneak past Raging Bull in the boxing-movie pantheon (or even Rocky, for that matter). But like its star, it is an underdog you can root for.
Remaking Rocky Balboa as a comedy isn't a half-bad idea; remaking it as a comedy starring Adam Carolla, the dreadfully unfunny former host of Loveline and The Man Show, most certainly is a terrible one.
If you liked Rocky Balboa you should be in good shape, since it's exactly the same movie, just aimed at a teeny-tiny-bit younger demographic and with an affectless leading man who avoids hambone acting by not acting at all.
[Adam] Carolla's gangling charm and improv rhythms nicely loosen up helmer Charles Herman-Wurmfeld's studied setups without ever deviating from the story's solid underlying structure.
It's surprising the film doesn't feature lesbians jumping on trampolines.
The movie benefits from unpretentiousness; it never takes itself too seriously.
It'll make you laugh enough so that you forget you've seen it all before.

@highlight

The Hammer perseveres as both an above-average sports comedy and a perfect starring vehicle for Carolla.