An unmitigated disaster...
The Quiet Ones doesn't work to earn any true terror from us.
A ballsy little number that decided to sit on the fence halfway through and revert back to the usual horror clichés we've become accustomed to over the years.
The Quiet Ones is a horror movie that knows how to make its audience squirm, alternating a creepy, unsettling quiet with explosive outbursts and gruesomely realistic violence.
This one floats right through the eyes, past the brain, and out the other side with little more than a whiff on the old neurons.
"The Quiet Ones" is elegant genre work, and Harris' performance is delightful - over the top, but delightful - his annunciation alone worth the price of admission.
Well-shot, well-acted and, well, kinda boring.
We get the prerequisite booga-booga, often visualized incoherently via grainy footage.
There is a lot to admire as the film embraces a pleasing brand of old-school chills over modern-day, pop-culture hipness.
With its many desperate attempts at scares and a completely lacking narrative, "The Quiet Ones" is a failure on just about every level.
Things certainly do go bump in the night--and the day and the morning and at just about every other possible moment that Pogue can toss in an amped-up sound effect to scare the pants off his hopefully susceptible viewers.
Jared Harris would have fit in nicely alongside Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee back in Hammer's heyday.
A very watchable horror film, psychological shocker, or whatever you want to call it.
We're here for the scares and chills, and on this front the film does enough in building atmosphere and providing the requisite frights to prove watchable.
[Nearly] works as a horror-tinged chamber drama; when it is about spooky, underlit houses with inexplicable goings-on... it's merely adequate at best, and frequently not even that.
Doesn't actually tell a story or develop any kind of rising suspense or tingling chills so much as it presents a series of jump-shocks and sudden, loud noises.
The movie does have some nice takeaways, mostly to do with Harris' gleefully unhinged performance...but they are few and far between.
The problem with the film comes from a tendency to not be able to deliver on its attempts at the Big Scares.
This latter-day product of renowned UK horror brand Hammer Films has all the finesse of a county-fair scarehouse, and it's about as scary.
If THE QUIET ONES is not a classic, at least it fails gracefully and the genre is better for its effort.
"The Quiet Ones" simply has nothing to say.
This lack of plausible narrative is either the result of lazy filmmaking or shortcut editing. Either way, you lose.
The film seems to mimic [Professor] Coupland's scientific method: Throw everything into the beaker, crank up the Bunsen burner, and hope the experiment works. In both cases, it doesn't.
The Quiet Ones is a pretty ironic title for a horror film whose primary scare tactic is to periodically crank up the volume, sending the needle to the red with a sudden spike in the decibel levels.
Unfortunately, it's all very familiar and somewhat tediously played out.
Its retro melding of [The Conjuring and Insidious] with a heavy dose of Carrie-style telekinetic mayhem doesn't result in anything particularly memorable. Apart from the Slade, that is.
Campy and creepy - it's sinister but not scary enough.
Such a truly uneasy and atmospheric ride leads to all hell breaking loose in a tortuous last reel that leaves conclusions up to personal interpretation.
an elegant little flick, both creepy and atmospheric, that tells its tale of hubris and good intentions gone wrong with a studied seriousness
For all the set-up and atmosphere, the story completely unravels in the final act.
Full of intriguing concepts and potential, but by the end much of that promise goes unfulfilled - with the film as a whole nearly sliding off the rails in the process.
What The Quiet Ones lacks in originality is made up in style points, mixing period-piece found footage with an eerie atmosphere that refuses to let audiences catch their breath.
"The Quiet Ones" is rated PG-13, but it's scarier than R-rated gorefests, like "Proxy," "Nurse 3D," and "American Mary." Anyone can create disgust; creating slowly-building disquiet is entirely another proposition.
The Quiet Ones is uninspired even by contemporary horror standards - which comes as a bit of a shock, given its pedigree.
A retro possession story that will wind up being best remembered for its groovy '70s setting (lots of mutton-chop sideburns and T. Rex and Slade songs on the soundtrack) and a deliciously sinister performance from Jared Harris.
I squinted, I looked away, I sank in my seat, I shuddered. For this movie, that means "Mission Accomplished."
An abysmal horror movie that apparently wants to evoke the spirit of paranormal thrillers of the sixties (like 'The Haunting') but quickly degenerates into a chaotic mishmash of modern genre tropes.
You have the bits and pieces of a lot of old horror movies. They've been nicely polished by director John Pogue, but they have been assembled into a kind of Frankenstein's monster of a film that never comes to life.
Whiffs on true terror, caught between a habitual need to artificially jolt the viewer and a languid pace, unable to increase pressure in a manner that would benefit the chilling intentions of this misfire.
There are also way too many cheap shock scares meant to make you giggle at yourself.
Hammer might be back, but the studio sure isn't hammering out anything that's remotely horrifying.
A smart, disturbing mad scientist tale hiding in plain sight behind old school supernatural clichés.
The story doesn't make much sense, starting with a professor blithely being awarded custody of a dangerous mental patient, and just going downhill from there.
A little too quiet
Veteran screenwriter John Pogue, in his second directorial outing, tries repeatedly and mostly unsuccessfully to jolt his audience by amping up the abundant sound effects to ear-shattering levels.
If the stock concessions made to genre cliché by The Woman in Black can be charitably viewed as deliberate tips of the hat to the heyday of Hammer Films, then John Pogue's period-set exorcism yarn The Quiet Ones more interestingly upends those tropes.
Possession as seen through the eyes of a rationalist is an interesting premise for a horror movie, but the conceit soon takes a back seat to the more traditional tropes of the genre.
Pogue jacks up the decibels so often to manufacture frights that you fear a punctured eardrum more than anything else.
Many of the movie's more nominally horrific elements are too familiar ...
Perhaps the most terrifying thing about The Quiet Ones is how blatantly the Hammer horror film rips off other, better features.
It's the latest reminder that when a strange doctor invites you to work on an experiment in a secluded house, the answer should always be "No, thank you."
Though The Quiet Ones does not quite work as a throwback to Hammer's heyday, it does, however, serve its purpose as a decent time-waster.
A satisfyingly spooky horror offering that tenderly unspools its tension.
As an exercise in retro pastiche, it impresses. But as a postmodern genre reinvention, it fails to deliver.
A mish-mash of familiar horror ideas that - unlike the story's malevolent spirit - never really gets inside its characters or audience and pales beside recent supernatural rivals.
The arrestingly fierce Cooke, in particular, is surely a star in the making.
Supposedly based on true events, it's hard to believe that any place in 1974 played Slade's music as frequently and ruthlessly as this film does.
If you believe Hammer Films' cornball exorcist caper is really "based on actual events", then you'll probably swallow anything.
An enjoyably half-baked foray into the paranormal.
Olivia Cooke and Jared Harris ... redeem this Hammer horror with first-class performances.
Though Harris and Cooke are wonderful together, other cast members - notably Erin Richards as sexy posh girl Kristina - are a problem.
If you like your scary stories jumpy and bumpy rather than bloody and gory, then this haunting Hammer horror will be right up your (dark) alley.
Pogue repeatedly allows tension to dissipate, and only a handful of moments come close to inspiring actual fear. Otherwise, it's cheap jolts all the way.
It all sounds intriguing enough but despite wry period touches and solid performances all round it all feels a little undercooked.
Ultimately, Hammer Horror ticks all the boxes with The Quiet Ones, without attempting to bring anything new to the table.
There is simply nothing more Hammer than Jared Harris in The Quiet Ones.
The Quiet Ones is a confused concept with great, star-quality performances that are its saving grace.
There aren't many outright scares here, and when they do come, they are curiously circumspect, but the old-fashioned Hammer Horror atmosphere is appealingly spooky.
Stranded in a dull-looking house, and with little action, Pogue's film gets bogged down in conversation and cod-scientific mumbo jumbo.
There are a couple of decent jumps and a few giggles, but nothing armrest-clenchingly scary here.
Perhaps too low-key to really draw the hard-core horror crowd, The Quiet Ones prefers a slow-burn sense of dread rather than hard-core blood-and-guts, and to a certain extent is all the better for it.
Jump-heavy scares numb the nerves long before the finale.
Messier than recent Hammer output, but effectively chilling when it's not making us feel the noize.
It's stylish, well cast and, at times, deeply unsettling but its reliance on old-fashioned staples means the surprises run out well before its disappointing finale.
A lack of engaging ideas and mediocre execution ensures that The Quiet Ones makes little noise beyond a faint whimper.
There's little that's exactly new or fresh in Hammer Films' latest exercise in retro horror.

@highlight

While it definitely sports a few palpable scares, The Quiet Ones finds Hammer Films trading too heavily on past glories.