There's much to like here.
The Little Hours is less than the sum of its many comedy parts but some of those many are hilarious.
The fun is in watching these actors - dressed up in an assortment of drab robes - play this silly farce with straight faces.
The Little Hours continuously gets more raunchy and insane by the minute
It's a laugh-out-loud comedy...
Sharp dialogue, but also excellent passages of surprising tenderness and visual neatness, The Little Hours is blatantly blasphemous and anachronistic. [Full Review in Spanish]
Plaza's not merely bored and making a joke of the outbursts; she's angry and raw and raunchy. There's a darkness to her stare that's a challenge. She's got a bit of the old school femme fatale in her, but she's arrived at the wrong time.
The Little Hours [is] a movie that seems to have been made entirely by and for Brooklyn hipsters.
If you're a fan of HBO's Veep or Monty Python and the Holy Grail, you'll probably appreciate this curious little gem.
This little film is a bagatelle, and a juicy little one. Pray for it.
Avoiding period language, the movie genially embraces the all-too-human pursuit of pleasure.
The Little Hours finds comedy in mundanity; its jokes, thankfully, make up for its unoriginality.
The Little Hours is a fun romp that aims low and mostly stays there, right where it belongs.
Funny enough. But just an R-rated Medieval comic sketch stretched to feature film length.
It's funny and almost sweet in showing the gulf between the pious believers that these characters want to be, and the banal, horny, flawed people they really are. Hey, these people survived the Black Death - shouldn't they be allowed to have a little fun?
The momentum peters out by the end, but by then its job is already done. "The Little Hours" is good for some big laughs.
A medieval farce with wildly anachronistic language directed by Jeff Baena.
Whether or not Baena does right by Boccaccio, he definitely does right by Aubrey Plaza, his girlfriend and indie comedy's reigning queen of mean.
An utterly wild ride, The Little Hours covers a lot of ground in its hour and a half.
A rowdy romp told with an astute sense of character and a fine sense of restraint. The tone is as deadpan as Plaza's demeanor, but just as rich, in a script that bubbles with wit as well as profanity.
The piecemeal nature of Giovanni Boccaccio's source material only adds to the sketch show feel, with as many moments missing the mark as hitting it.
The result isn't like the fake documentaries of Christopher Guest (Mascots) but one's appreciation of the largely pleasingly filthy humor will depend on an equal tolerance for non-sequitir and anachronism."
Baena orchestrates events with confidence and flair, allowing his amazingly talented cast room to frolic as they all work in tandem to make the material come alive with a rebellious zeal that's ingenious.
It's as if Woody Allen remade The Devils from a script by Neil Simon.
With only an outline for a script, Baena counted on his cast to improvise the dialogue -- and it turns out all these funny people don't automatically make for a naturally funny movie.
No matter how obvious the set-up - what if men and women of the cloth were ... rude and sexy??? - the cast gives every scene just enough of a deadpan spin to sell it, at least for the first hour.
It's easy to admire the efforts of the cast here. It's much harder to admire the result.
The Little Hours is a very silly idea that works perfectly, reinterpreting a story from Boccaccio's magnum opus as a goofy, cheerfully vulgar comedy performed by a fantastic cast of American goofballs.
It's slight, silly fun, in the manner of an extended Saturday Night Live sketch, and Baena gets a lot of mileage out of the whole nuns-behaving-badly shtick.
True, The Little Hours is essentially a one-joke comedy - but most of the jokes under the umbrellas of that one joke are pretty damn, I mean darn, funny.
Medieval purists: prepare to cringe.
The performances are to be savored, with the three stars doing great work despite the constraints of their clothing. Special mention goes to the kinetic Micucci, who goes the extra mile after Genevra ditches her habit.
The humour is unabashedly crude and the dialogue largely improvised, but what could so easily have been merely a single Nuns Gone Wild joke stretched out to 90 minutes, The Little Hours is instead a riotous delight of brazen lechery and bawdy absurdity.
The strategy works surprisingly well. I liked a lot of writer-director Jeff Baena's picture; it may be a one-joke movie, but I've seen comedies recently that would've killed for that many.
For all the silliness, there's something lovable about Fernanda, Alessandra, and Genevra by the end of their profane rampage, and that's enough of a feat to make The Little Hours genuinely watchable.
The characters talk as if they were cast members of a half-hour prime-time sitcom set in really old Italy with no attempt at historical representation.
A terrific, low-budget surprise in a summer of big league disappointments.
The flippant dialogue dismisses some of the more obvious inconsistencies (a problem if you're working without a script).
A cheesy, breezy way to indulge in a little sacrilege without need of repentance.
It's the kind of movie a 12-year-old boy might stay up late to catch on Cinemax: sweetly sophomoric, not so much a film as a series of sporadically funny sketches taking low-brow shots at a broad target.
A wry delight.
Today, it requires the stainless-steel deadpan of Aubrey Plaza, Alison Brie, Nick Offerman, and John C. Reilly (among others) to conjure up a world where such piety is possible enough to pillory.
The Little Hours has one of the worst laughs-per-minute-per-genius-comic-actor ratios I've ever experienced in my filmgoing life.
The subversive script deserves credit for audacity, yet the outrageous laughs start to wear thin well before the finish.
"The Little Hours" is a bawdy bagatelle that has more than a few droll moments. But it was probably at its most pleasurable and amusing in the making.
This foul-mouthed medieval romp is occasionally hilarious and frequently improper - though a little more scripting and a little less romping would have served it well.
It's fun for about the first ten minutes.
The Little Hours is a farce that doesn't really mock anything. It exists as if amusing itself were its only objective.
The film manages to be both crudely hilarious and bluntly satiric while also establishing sympathetic characters, a sharp contemporary wit, a sly, dry absurdism ... and a "Handmaid's Tale"-like subversiveness.
Funny and irreverent as well as visually interesting and thoughtful.
Though very funny, "The Little Hours" remains low-key and subtle in its effects. There's no winking or nudging, no straining for laughs. Baena devised the material, and he trusts it.
"The Little Hours" never really commits to being one thing or another. There aren't any written jokes, but it treats its own genre as a punchline. Ultimately, you're just left wondering what it is, and what the point of it all might be.
Peppered with cool comedy cameos (Nick Offerman, Fred Armisen, Adam Pally and more) the film's consistently funny, and the chemistry between the three leads is a highlight.
While the film can sometimes feel sparse, the combination of this defiant juxtaposition, its diligently-defined historical context and some perfectly-pitched nastiness cast The Little Hours into the midnight movie heavens.
A raunchy convent comedy loosely based on The Decameron, a 14th century classic
The real talent behind Gunpowder & Sky's film is its trailer cutter, who has made a marginal comedy look side splitting. There are some initial laughs, but the cast probably had more fun making this than you will watching it.
Randy medieval sexual farce has graphic nudity, swearing.
A riotous medieval-era sex romp played with lunatic conviction by a great cast.
The Little Hours is stocked with smart, funny, attractive actors, and it doesn't take long for you to start wondering what they're doing in this slow-going comedy.
Even at a respectably brusque ninety minutes, you spend roughly half of The Little Hours waiting for the film to get going and the other half wishing it would hurry up and end.
Sometimes all you really need is Aubrey Plaza in a nun's habit, screaming obscenities to a man who meekly glances her way, innocently commenting on how beautiful the morning is.
These eccentrics have heart, and spirited performances help bring it out amid the expletives and depravity
A 14th-century farce that, given its comically credentialed players, ought to be a great deal funnier than it is.
The Little Hours succeeds on the talents of its cast members, with Nick Offerman, John C. Reilly, and Fred Armisen all turning in consistently funny performances, alongside the less impressive main cast members.
A 14th-century convent isn't the most expected setting for a raunchy sex comedy, but with The Little Hours, writer-director Jeff Baena adapts parts of Boccaccio's Decameron into an absurd and hysterical tale of nuns gone wild.
Looking for a break from the Black Death, or even just the summer heat? The Little Hours is just the thing.
[A] frequently funny, agreeably bawdy farce, which imagines what a convent of the grubby, violent, disease-infested Middle Ages might look and sound like if it were populated by characters straight out of a modern NBC sitcom.
For all its hip ludicrousness, The Little Hours has a point: to almost earnestly riff on how atheism has taken hold of 21st-century America, by rooting our nation's moors in a time of great austerity, sexism, classism, and persecution.
A word of warning. The Little Hours is an assault on conventional religious thinking that will most likely shock those who expect this movie to show any respect toward the Church.
While the lunacy of nuns who swear like sailors makes a comically boisterous impression, it's also about women in the Middle Ages forced into religious life for various reasons and how they cope, viewed through a decidedly humorous lens.
Delivers enough obscene unholy absurdity to consistently amuse.
Feels a little too slapdash at times, but it remains a wily film with an effective sense of humor, adding to Baena's growing list of accomplishments as he tests out all kinds of bizarre comedy.
The Little Hours is one wild and crazy movie. Hysterically funny, plain and simple.
Baena's approach is so winkingly bawdy that it can be read either as a goofy tribute to one of the world's oldest sex comedies, or an especially sophomoric take on the same.
The plot is a rambling, farcical mess, its shortfalls made particularly clear in a rushed finale, but it's secondary to the frequently amusing interplay between the leads, all taking it in turns to be pretty, cruel and/or debauched.
It works because Brie, Micucci and Plaza attack the roles with unbridled energy.
With its timeless approach to comedy, I found The Little Hours delivered a brief balm to the frantic, 24/7 news cycle awaiting outside the theater.
This isn't a laugh-a-minute movie; it's more a succession of snickers, punctuated by genuine emotion. We're watching some serious weirdos try to connect -- in a medieval nunnery.
The good-natured comedy has only occasional outbursts of wildness; the cheerfully playful ribaldry of the writing and the performances can't quite overcome the mere efficiency of the filmmaking.
It's deliciously deadpan sex farce played by some of the deftest clowns in the English-speaking world. The more matter-of-fact it is, the more screamingly funny.
The Little Hours is saved by Fred Armisen and Kate Miccuci, the only performers who don't suffer from the film's one-note delivery at some point.
Goofy as it is, Baena's film has a lovable humility to it. It doesn't try to be the definitive anything, even as it stands as arguably the savviest Decameron adaptation ever made.
As Alessandra and Ginevra, Brie and Micucci are alternately appalling and charming.
A beautiful hilarious orgy of Nun's behaving badly, exploring lesbian impulses, drinking, doing drugs, Alessandra (Alison Brie) having sex or Fernanda (Plaza) attempting sex with Massetto (Dave Franco), and occasionally practising witchcraft...
Nuns acting like drunken sailors: funny in Boccacio's time, maybe, but forced humor today.
Nunsploitation is a sub-genre of film that I had not been privy to until last week, and I feel all-the-better for having been subjected to it.
[There is] no benefit to watching in a theater instead of on your iPhone. Also don't watch it on your iPhone because it's not good and there are better things you can be doing with your time.
It's juvenile and bawdy and stupid and crude, but reader, I'm sorry, I laughed. Frequently.
It's funny and inventive. At 80 minutes long, it knows its limitations.
It's often hysterically funny, especially when allowing its talented cast to play up to their individual strengths.
Beneath all the bodily fluids and sex jokes, Baena and his actors show a deep fascination with the way we communicate our love, romantically and platonically.
Far from achieving the holy grail of comedy.
It does manage to deliver on the promise of an escapist fantasy.
Fairly one-note on the narrative front, but as it delivers plenty of laughs for its duration it's difficult to fault the film for *only* being funny.
Casting John C. Reilly covers over a multitude of sins.
If the humor gets a bit one-joke - I wish Molly Shannon's Mother Superior, in particular, had more to do - "The Little Hours" is nonetheless a cohesive vision.
A winning ensemble brings present-day attitude to Boccaccio's irreverent sex comedy.
A medieval convent comedy for the megaplex crowd, one that dispenses with the notion of nuns as prim-and-proper old maids who spend their days praying, and instead treats them as rude-and-repressed young women ...
By the end of its ninety minutes, this fun little flight of fancy starts to feel an awful lot like work.
A fun midnight movie mash-up of Pasolini by way of Mel Brooks.
Weirdly admirable... like a laid-back, stretched-out Monty Python sketch.

@highlight

The Little Hours gets plenty of goofy mileage out of its gifted ensemble, anchoring its ribald laughs in a period comedy with some surprisingly timely subtext.