This is a hopelessly upsetting movie, you won't feel good about anything when it's over, but it's important to address these kinds of issues.
Based on a true story, the movie makes you wish it could've had more impact
The Whistleblower offers fantastic performances from the entire cast. It's very atmospheric with grisly authenticity and a truly moving plot.
A dark, uncompromising look into the disturbing world of human trafficking.
Weisz's best role, and best performance, since "The Constant Gardener.
The thriller stuff is very soft, and the docudrama stuff is too focused on "Oscar moments" (i.e. huge expressions of outrage and torment).
Yes, The Whistleblower has its heart in the right place. However, that heart is bleeding a little too much.
The Whistleblower goes off the rails a little -- I guess in an attempt to create more drama out of an already dramatic situation. As the plot devices pile up towards the end, it's a bit frustrating because there's a good movie in there somewhere.
The Whistleblower is a strong effort made even more so thanks to the mesmerizing talents of star Rachel Weisz.
This is bleak terrain, but Weisz's performance helps us get through it. And as real-story films go, The Whistleblower is as accurate as can be.
Weisz is made for this kind of role; from "Constant Gardener" to "Enemy at the Gates," few actors can do absolute, unshakable conviction so well on screen.
A reasonably taut story of political intrigue, international corruption and one woman's determined fight for justice
The closing minutes of the film suggest the most challenging parts of the story still remains untold.
Don't let the impressive cast list, which includes Vanessa Redgrave, Monica Bellucci and David Strathairn, fool you: This is the Rachel Weisz show.
A first-rate one-woman-against-the-system drama, a film benefiting from grim recreations of an ugly reality and a stellar cast determined to expose it.
It's a good film with a strong central performance. The problem is that the film isn't as strong as the performance.
Structured and shot like a quality premium-cable channel police drama, this fact-based story might have had more impact as a documentary.
[Weisz's] restraint offers a cold, evaluative gaze that makes what transpires all the more telling, and in the absence of direction that can make something more out of these elements than just condemnation, that becomes a strength.
Instead of capitalising on a really fine performance from Rachel Weisz in the leading role, Kondracki makes a real mess of it.
This is a truly depressing film, without any sense of release. You may even be tempted to give up on the human race while watching men casually trade and rape girls for a few measly dollars.
While the facts of the case demand this film can do no more than administer one big booster shot of buzz-kill, it is Bolkovac's ferocious will to right so many wrongs (expertly channelled by Weisz) that keeps you glued to the screen.
While it's overstuffed with characters - and not entirely satisfying as an entertainment, the film does manage to remind us of the human capacity for rationalizing atrocity. And the human capacity for doing the right thing nevertheless.
If the film occasionally falls into melodramatics, it's hard to see how a story like this could have been told otherwise.
It is no comfort to reflect that The Whistleblower would be a first-rate thriller even if all of it were fiction.
It's a powerful and engaging film which gives no easy answers but tells an important story.
It's a story that should be told and Rachel Weisz's knockout performance is filled with integrity. My only reservation lies in the storytelling which never elicits the heartbreak it should.
While the facts of the case demand this film can do no more than administer one big booster shot of buzz-kill, it is Bolkovac's ferocious will to right so many wrongs (expertly channelled by Weisz) that keeps you glued to the screen.
a film so tough, anguished and emotionally devastating that you can safely assume that Kondracki has scratched words like "compromise" and "safe" from her personal vocabulary.
As vital as the message is, director Larysa Kondracki is making a movie, with the conventions of the thriller genre occasionally stifling the story's inherent terror.
The film is at its best when showing how blind justice can be, and why people in occupied countries don't automatically cheer when so-called "peacekeepers" arrive in their country.
As Kathy suffers, you suffer, but, The Whistleblower insists, you will never know the full extent of the trafficked victims' suffering.
'Whistleblower' Calls Out Sex Trafficking
Decent enough for this genre.
In Weisz's eyes, we see Kathryn's transformation from a public servant doing what's expected of her to a crusader driven to by her own conscience. Her performance is terrific; the movie, sadly, is not.
"The Whistleblower'' effectively depicts the paranoia that builds as an increasingly frustrated and outraged Bolkovac is thwarted at every turn.
Larysa Kondracki's topical thriller, based on a true story, combines the moodiness of The Insider with the intensity of Serpico to dramatize a long-standing international injustice.
Film has a responsibility to educate as well as entertain, and for those up to the task, this is an ofttimes powerful experience, with writer-director Larysa Kondracki avoiding unnecessary embellishments and letting the story speak for itself.
Powerful and revolting, The Whistleblower makes you feel as if it could have been even more powerful and revolting.
As a throwback to the politically conscious, paranoid thrillers of the 1970s, The Whistleblower does a good job of mixing muckraking social commentary and suspense, while avoiding the typical missteps of the genre.
If this well-meaning melodrama contains a call to action, it's as quiet as a dog whistle.
Rachel Weisz elevates the material with another awards-worthy performance. Two jaw-dropping postscripts at the movie's conclusion should get your attention.
There are few surprises in its drama, and the relentless savagery of the wrongdoers wears you down. However, there is no denying the strength of its story and the commitment of its cast.
The story is ugly, the movie grim and often hard to take, but also suspenseful, eye-opening and riveting.
Tension-filled political thriller - in the same genre as 'Erin Brockovich,' 'Silkwood' and 'Norma Rae.'
You come away from watching the film with a moral bellyache.
[Director Larysa] Kondracki, benefiting from her talented veteran cast, makes an assured debut feature film.
Whether this will get viewers interested in the subject at hand or numbed by the cruelty of it remains to be seen, but if any story deserves to generate outrage, this one certainly does.
Despite the fact that this issue is the spark that drives the story, the filmmakers have taken considerable care to create a full-bodied drama instead of a talking-points narrative.
The movie is not great, but Weisz is.
Part thriller and part harrowing account of an outrageous, based-on-facts story of official corruption in the former Yugoslavia, "The Whistleblower" is a tense and shattering drama.
Director Larysa Kondracki's debut film is unsparing in its portrayal of sexual trafficking in a supposedly civilized world. But it's valiant, too -- especially regarding Rachel Weisz's performance as reluctant crusader Kathryn Bolkovac.
Even more unsatisfying than it was meant to be.
The Whistleblower skirts the line between political thriller, conspiracy picture and melodrama, but it does it well, building the right amount of tension and intrigue as it gallops along.
Somewhere inside this movie is a thought-provoking thriller about the collateral damage caused by geopolitical do-gooders. Too bad it never emerges.
Derives its strength from Rachel Weisz's intelligent performance as the real-life Bolkovac.
Credit director Kondracki with shooting her action scenes with just the right amount of heart-quickening pace, stopping short of the kind of over-the-top sensationalism that allows the action movie genre to print money.
Not necessarily a great film, but an important story that needs to be viewed, understood and acted upon.
...often gut-wrenching and should throw a bigger spotlight on this shameful episode.
The Whistleblower is one of those issue films that is more passionate and sincere than artistic but it has such a compelling story that it demands being seen despite its flaws.
In the anger, hope, desperation, and passion of the moment, Weisz channels lighting into a few minutes of screen time that are as powerful, as moving, and as dazzling as any actor has ever accomplished
For those willing and able to sit through something so resoundingly unsparing, it is a dark and powerful drama that is truly not to be missed.
This is a graphic, dark, violent piece of drama, as it should be given its subject matter, but it's the work of one of our best working actresses that truly makes it worth venturing into the darkness.
Larysa Kondracki's first feature successfully avoids the major pitfalls of the activist docudrama: the main character's heroism never overshadows the larger issue at hand, nor does exposition gum up the storytelling.
Make no mistake, The Whistleblower isn't an easy film to watch. But the horrors aren't in your face. And Larysa Kondracki... walks a careful line between showing us the devastating realities of trafficking and then offering us hope...
Director Kondracki has a knack for showing how less can be much more.
In Canadian director Larysa Kondracki's gripping based-on-a-true-story debut feature The Whistleblower, Rachel Weisz delivers a subtle yet riveting performance.
Its best asset is a gritty Rachel Weisz playing the real-life Nebraska cop Kathryn Bolkovac.
A vital story couched in a marginal screenplay survives through the performances of several talented leads.
It's unfortunate the movie loses [a] personal, microcosmic perspective to go after bigger targets.
It remains a solid thriller that, like Bolkovac, never loses sight of what's most important: the victims.
It reminds us that there are those, in war or in peace, who will always seek to degrade and exploit, with a precious few others to speak out against injustice.
A classic example of a film that doesn't trust the strength of its source material - or the intelligence of its audience.
Condurache and Weisz’s “small corrections” make a big difference in steering the movie right, enough to make The Whistleblower a decent entry in the genre of political passion plays.
Gradually, as her investigation deepens, and we see the true hideousness of what she is uncovering, the movie achieves urgency and clarity of purpose.
These cases rarely seem to result in change, and the stories continue. We can only guess what may be going unreported. "The Whistleblower" offers chilling evidence of why that seems to be so.
That you leave the film with nagging doubts and questions is not a problem. That you leave it with a sense of disappointment, however, is.
A grim, gripping and well acted movie that is better once it sheds its perfunctory familial obligations, pivots away from 'mere' maternal anger, and taps into a deeper, more fundamental rage.
A suspenseful, unflinchingly albeit pedestrian and emotionally uninvolving thriller that's saved by Rachel Weisz's bravura performance.
The Whistleblower is frustratingly uneven, but at least it affords us the rare opportunity these days to meet up with a movie hero who isn't wearing jammies and a cape.
It's a little sluggish in the first act perhaps, and not as slick as some, but it's still more authentic than most, and angrier, too.
The film is not good or bad, but utterly affecting and incredibly timely.
We all know about good intentions and where they can lead. No one could question the serious intent of The Whistleblower or the scandalous behavior it reveals on the part of so-called United Nations peacekeepers in Bosnia during the late 1990s...
It's a thriller sobering enough in its graphic portrayal of forced violence against women that it would be tough to watch if not for the controlled fury Weisz brings to her performance as a down-to-earth avenging angel.
Thrilling when maintains damning focus on real woman's revelations about deep involvement of UN personnel and contractors, and her defiant determination against great odds.
Suspenseful and hard-edged...Weisz captures the sense of both righteous indignation and the dawning realization of isolation that Kathy feels.
The film swings from melodrama to sermonizing, both blunting the human drama that needs to come to the fore. Weisz holds the ground in a performance of ferocity and feeling.
A pointless drama that trafficks in cliché.
Director Larysa Kondracki's fictionalized account of a true story is underserved by a melodramatic script; the result is like a film of a "60 Minutes" segment.
The cardboard characters have no shadings between good and nasty here; and Rachel Weisz' face is often unsuccessfully framed to indicate thought or something.
Clumsily didactic and flat.
Too well-intentioned for its own good.
An earnest but sluggish tale of corruption in the aftermath of the Bosnian war.
"The Whistleblower" has a choppy, fumbling screenplay (by Ms. Kondracki and Eilis Kirwan) that lurches between shrill editorializing and vagueness while sorting through more characters than it can comfortably handle or even readily identify.
Weisz is a dazzling woman, but her beauty is barely noticeable in this role; her character's integrity and her mounting anger grab all the attention.
It's a gritty, often unsettling piece of work, though it does suffer from some of the structural problems that generally arise when you try to shape a composite of events and stories into a dramatic whole.
arrives in theatres stamped with a self-important seal of approval
Rachel Weisz is tremendously moving in this fact-based story.
A compelling true story about the transformation of a female Nebraska cop into a heroic whistleblower in Bosnia in 1999.
Kondracki offers a glimpse of a monstrous world -- made worse because some of the monsters in it were sent there to protect people -- but doesn't suggest any nuanced understanding of it.
Rarely has a movie captured the obscene violence of sex trafficking with such unvarnished grubbiness. In the end, though, The Whistleblower is a corporate thriller.
The Whistleblower is a grisly, authentic, meticulously researched, pulse-quickening political chiller about a hot-button topic that will keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.
Our heroine plods doggedly through her frequently stymied investigation, and The Whistleblower follows suit, trudging forward one encumbered step at a time.
"The Whistleblower" is a one-note affair that offers glimpses of the rich, broad life Bolkovac clearly lives but deifies her into someone inaccessible and unbelievable.
Late-reel scenes of suspense involving the heinously victimized Ukrainians fall somewhere along the line between shocking reportage and standard-issue torture porn.
[A] harrowingly effective thriller.
The suberb Weisz almost single-handedly carries this disjointed movie and its weighty theme, but can't disguise the way The Whistleblower is easily reduced to a noble message.
Powerful and purposeful.
Well-told but troubling story impressively wrapped for audiences who show up in theatres for do-good cinema of a high order.
[VIDEO] The illicit sex-trafficking actions of NATO peacekeepers -- both privatized and not -- is the subject of this incendiary film that falls prey to predictable dramatic conventions.
A grim lamentation for victims of sex trafficking in postwar Bosnia is buried beneath rote filmmaking and cartoonishly rendered villainy.
Stunning expose of a scandal indicating that UN personnel assigned to stop the Bosnian sex trade indulged in the corruption themselves.
Severe and unflinching, The Whistleblower relies on journalistic realism to pack its punch.
The Whistleblower is a depressingly fascinating real-life story, and is a film that will stir emotions and focus attention (once again) on an important subject.
...a preachy, hopelessly heavy-handed piece of work...
Although the Canada-Germany co-production from first-time feature director Larysa Kondracki isn't as gripping as it could have been, that's no fault of Weisz's: She gives a bracing, wholly connected performance.
A fantastic exploration of the struggles of women in a world run by men.


@highlight

Rachel Weisz puts on a compelling smoldering act though the film suffers from a literal-minded approach to the material.