A familiar espionage tale.
Shadow Recruit may not quite be up to the level of the older Clancy entries (and due to the author's death last year, we won't be getting any new source novels), but it is a fun ride.
For avid fans of espionage thrillers, Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is modestly watchable. For the rest, wait for something different.
Watching a man hunched over his laptop, muttering about money transfers, isn't very thrilling.
Shadow Agent starts slowly, but builds beautifully.
The main characters and the performances behind them are nicely pitched.
As an action-thriller, Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is more or less competent. As an heir to the Jack Ryan mantle, however, it is less so.
Focal compositions and moody editing in the vein of Hitchcock help establish suspense and emotion without the need for excessive special effects or big-budget set pieces.
(Director) Branagh doesn't reinvent the wheel here, but he does take the rims off a flashy 2014 Tesla and put them on a 1985 Camaro: a big, comfy muscle car asking only that you point it in the right direction and step on the gas.
A dull, vacant post-Cold War spy yarn that has nothing to say about anything.
The vulnerability of the Jack Ryan character is still present, something very important that keeps us rooting for him.
Pine deserves another shot at a stronger more daring Jack Ryan film...
"Shadow Recruit" is fun in a minor, winter-season way.
It succeeds on several levels, fails on others, and ultimately offers an acceptable albeit not particularly stand-out restart for the series.
It says something that an actress like Knightley is now taking high profile roles where her biggest moment is getting a light bulb shoved in her mouth while she tries not to cry.
An attractive cast and better-than-average thrills make "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" a lesser, but worthy entry into the series of films based on the late Tom Clancy's characters.
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is not the kind of film that Jack Ryan fans would expect, nor is it the kind of film that they or the character deserve.
Briskly paced and doesn't overstay its welcome - which is a good thing, because sometimes it's best to not linger on the plot holes.
A simplistic, vainglorious attempt to reboot a popular literary character featuring two extremes of acting: leaden and scenery-chewing.
I'm aware that commercial and cultural forces require everything to be rebooted triennially with fresher, hotter stars. But this is the second time the Jack Ryan franchise has rejected a youth transplant.
It's rare that a movie like this should be longer, but a little elongating might help this clipped, B-grade thriller resonate a little deeper.
Proof that "January junk" no longer applies to every January release.
For a character who has been rebooted three times in five movies, it's a little disappointing they didn't try something new with Jack Ryan in Shadow Recruit. And by "something", I mean "anything".
Chris Pine is perfectly cast as Jack Ryan, the Tom Clancy created hero.
The action comes non-stop and credit director/co-star Branagh with making the film interesting, both with his performance and his guidance.
The nauseating repetition will cause frustrating exhales. The fast cutting frenetic chase sequences feel like they were left on Paul Greengrass' cutting room floor.
Jack Ryan seems neither sufficiently suave nor highly skilled to fully capture our imaginations. After all, he's really just a super banker, whose mission success here depends on downloading data onto his memory stick. Hardly thrilling?
It's one of these vending-machine movies: a good-enough, easily forgettable flick that benefits from selection bias and low expectations.
The plotting is fairly hackneyed, with standard-issue office break-ins and routine car chases, right down to the inevitable ticking bomb climax. And the action lacks the furious kinetic urgency the Bourne movies brought to the secret agent genre.
If it wasn't for Costner's pleasantly gruff CIA handler being tart and folksy in a moderately appealing way, there'd be not a single thing standing between Shadow Recruit and total unwatchability.
Nothing new re-boot of the Tom Clancy espionage wherein we learn the Russians are the bad guys...Again.
Great Chase Scenes
... a modestly engaging if overly familiar espionage thriller, with the Americans and Russians in yet another cinematic struggle for world domination.
[T]he film's second half seems determined to snuff out the promise of its first, making it hard to wish for this incarnation of the character, or any, to have more big-screen adventures.
I am completely fine with Pine giving us more Jack Ryan in the future. Hopefully they can find a new script or go back to one of the Tom Clancy novels for an interesting story.
...a promising new direction for Clancy's iconic character.
At least the author didn't live to see it. If only Clive Cussler had been as lucky with Sahara.
Both Chris Pine and Kevin Costner shine in their interaction scenes as mentor and mentee. The initial meeting of their characters is especially well done.
Hardly earth-shattering, then, but efficient and entertaining nonetheless.
Unfortunately, a fusillade of bum notes constantly undermines the workmanlike film-making.
'Maybe we should have recruited the audience,' said Chris Pine, 'because all I see out there are shadows.'
Clear and present slumber. While the prospect of watching The Wolf of Wall Street's Jordan Belfort being taken out is enough to make one salivate, it's not compensation enough for the drudgery that defines this film's every move.
Perfectly fine stupid entertainment for the dark months.
The dim star wattage in this fifth rehash is palpable from the start.
Most of this year's episodes of the TV series The Blacklist are more engaging than Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit
If you were to take dashes of Bourne and Bond, season with Mission: Impossible 4 and pour the lot into a mixer, the result would look a lot like this watchable but derivative spy movie.
It is entertaining enough, with Pine breathing refreshing new life into a character previously played by Alec Baldwin, Harrison Ford (twice) and Ben Affleck.
ere's nothing very original in this spy thriller, but director Branagh gives the film a weighty sense of importance that at least makes it feel important.
Reluctant Spy Device Distinguishes "Recruit"
Feels cobbled together from every other action movie you can vaguely remember having seen.
Branagh might as well have opened a can and dumped it on a plate, the ridges of a factory-line production still perfectly hatched on a gelatinous cylinder of crud.
The historical/geopolitical calendar is a little topsy-turvy. We begin with 9/11, then go into a cold war-style showdown in Moscow. Perhaps Islamophobia has become too yesterday.
Kenneth Branagh's reboot of Tom Clancy's courageous CIA agent is smart and thrilling enough to soar above most espionage movies while still retaining plenty of crowd-pleasing moments to set pulses racing.
Chris Pine headlines this post-Cold War spy caper whose pleasures are few and far between.
Creatively bereft and poorly cast, this Jack Ryan is sadly one spy who blends into the crowd a little too easily.
It's just Blah. Jack Blah.
Serviceable, well acted and nicely paced thriller that delivers the requisite amount of explosions, car chases and suspense moments, though it's also a predictably by-the-book affair ...
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit passes by with fearsome urgency but minimal relevance, like an express train thundering through a country station.
In Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, actor/director Kenneth Branagh comes up with a new form: IMAX-EGO.
This is a conventional Hollywood spy action film, but Chris Pine shows he is up to the mark as Jack Ryan. Now, if they can just find a smarter script next time ...
This is the very definition of an OK thriller.
There's a lot that's retro about Jack Ryan. ... But there's enough fresh blood here to warrant giving the property another shot.
A competent genre entry that delivers its thrills efficiently and in a more old-school manner than the recent Bourne or Bond films.
[VIDEO ESSAY] For a no frills spy thriller, Kenneth Branagh directs a respectable rendering of Tom Clancy's well-worn Jack Ryan superspy character. Still, Branagh is no action-film director, and it shows.
The world has changed since Tom Clancy's heyday - cinema doesn't need Jack Ryan any more.
Why reboot remains a question, but this is a smart popcorn thriller with a surprisingly sensitive performance by Chris Pine, and a wonderfully badass one by Kevin Costner.
In stripping Jack Ryan back to basics it's lost some sophistication, but reinvigorated an action hero who's unlike any other on offer and who absolutely earns his second - or rather fourth - shot.
Director Kenneth Branagh knows how to invest the ridiculous with a sort of grandeur - Exhibit A: the surprisingly fun Thor - but Shadow Recruit is more straightforward in nature, so he can't get too fancy.
It turns out to be a solid thriller with a strong cast, some great set pieces, and a set up for many more films to come.
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is inoffensive and easy to indulge in, as a film that maintains your attention throughout - with an unrelenting and compelling final act.
A solid outing for a re-Bourne hero that could, with a few key tweaks, generate another round of vehicles for the Clancy cash cow.
"Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" is giving Branagh a chance to get in Dr. Frankenstein's shoe once again; Cozad and Koepp ignore the library of source material and assist in creating a monster from elements of other successful spy characters.
As action pulp, the venture gets a very solid, if far-from-perfect, working over from Thor director Kenneth Branagh, the former Shakespearean darling who is clearly relishing his stomp into the mainstream.
Plagued by writers Adam Cozad and David Koepp, the result is a rookie/veteran script struggle that is selfishly directed by actor Kenneth Branagh. History will view it as the worst Jack Ryan film of the five.
[Jack Ryan] offers up some formulaic yet fun thrills and is essentially the best you're going to get as far as January flicks go.
This iteration of Jack Ryan may be new, but the whole idea of Jack Ryan has never felt so old.
The storyline is the weakest part of the film, but the straightforward action and solid performances make "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" a fun, if not memorable, time at the movies. In January, that's all we can ask for.
Kenneth Branagh has a ball as a hammy, cartoonishly evil Russian attempting to start an economic disaster in the US. This is an enjoyable movie to check out in a time when the pickings at theaters are slim.
[The] moments of inspiration are too few. "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" feels like it should have applied for a desk job.
A boring, editing mess with an absurd jump cut in the action not worthy of a major hoped-for franchise.
While Shadow Recruit is undeniably formulaic - grizzled mentor! An agent in over his head! An international conspiracy! - it's formula is rock solid.
This reboot may not exactly be a game changer, but it does its job in getting the series' established game back up and running in crowd-pleasing fashion.
time will tell whether this is in fact the reboot Paramount is hoping for. Me, I was simply hoping for something that would be entertaining and not treat me like an idiot.
...Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, refashions the character (this time played by Chris Pine) into a man of immediate action, and in doing so drains him of anything that made him a relatable human being.
dropping it into the January frame might have been the best thing for this film
Pine is the one saving grace. He's adorable and totally gung-ho, so he is truly believable as a young CIA recruit. It's too bad the script doesn't provide a little more levity. Usually that seems to make films of this genre a tad more palatable.
Outside of a few action sequences, "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" is boring.
All complaints aside, the heavy action material still outpaces the faulty logic, and Branagh, doubling as director, once more proves he can handle popcorn cinema ("Thor") as swell as he does Shakespeare.
a dull mishmash of Cold War spy games and 'Bourne Identity'-style grit which shares much in common with the weakest of its predecessors - especially total forgettability.
...this is so clichéd, if you don't know the conclusion after about a half hour, you need to see more movies.
If you're going to resurrect the likes of John McClane or Jack Ryan, it might be wise to put a few more bucks and minutes into developing a decent story....
has its faults, but is so bursting with hi-tech thrills, and good, old-fashioned suspense that it's not onerous to overlook them
Clancy-based political thriller with moderate violence.
This is the first Ryan adventure that isn't directly based on a Clancy novel and perhaps that explains why it works as well as it does... at least until it doesn't.
While all involved talk a good game, this movie really is a bit of a toss-off, a disposable date movie to enjoy momentarily and then completely forget about.
I'll leave it to diehard Clancyites to quibble over any trueness-to-character points, and take the film at face value: yawn.
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit falls short of realizing the character's full franchise potential - resulting in a good but not particularly groundbreaking spy movie effort.
Chris Pine as Jack Ryan in a true spy thriller could do marvels if the first half of this movie is any indication. Too bad there's a second half.
I definitely liked it enough to recommend it. But I wish the film's third act wasn't so tailored to provide spectacle and stunts for easy-sell trailers and TV commercials. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Pine brings Ryan to life as a real person -- one who gets in over his head and is actually nervous about it, instead of acting like a puffed-up action cliché.
To paraphrase Gunnery Sgt. Hartman, "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is silly and it's ignorant, but it's got guts. And sometimes guts is enough."
It deftly reboots one of Hollywood's more durable franchises for a whole new generation.
Most importantly, who the hell is Jack Ryan?
Efficient, escapist, mid-winter popcorn picture...
The best compliment I can give this movie is that I look forward to the next one. Shadow Recruit is nothing special on its own, but does lay enough groundwork for future success.
Driven by strong characters and a villain's plot that actually makes sense, this action film delivers some great thrills and a thoughtful origin story.
"Jack Ryan" is competently-made entertainment, which is often the best we can hope for in the doldrums of January.
Inanities aside, the movie delivers suspense throughout. But between this turn and 'Star Trek,' Pine may find himself up to his neck in all sorts of re-booties. Let's hope he keeps away from Howard the Duck.
A professional piece of tech-thriller product, but clouded throughout by an air of insufficiency.
You are left wondering if everyone involved in this project wishes Jack Ryan would be some American version of James Bond, but they don't know how to make it sexier, more action-packed and interesting.
A pretty suspenseful, largely engaging, and hardly ever too-over-the-top spy thriller.
A lean, old-school espionage thriller that never tries to be more than it is, Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is a very pleasant surprise.
"Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit," despite some solid character work from its supporting players, is little more than a generic thriller.
The filmmakers need to think a little more clearly about the essence of the Jack Ryan character - the brilliant analyst, a little dusty, whose analyses just happen to propel him to the frontline.
Branagh runs through all of this efficiently enough, but it feels awfully familiar.
Almost 25 years later, Jack: Ryan Shadow Recruit tries its best to reignite the Cold War, with tepid results.
Too much of the action in Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit takes place on laptops, thumb drives, and video monitors.
Ryan can survive a world where any information one might need is a smartphone away but is doomed to be stuck in a Cold War mentality.
There is probably no denying that it's the worst Jack Ryan movie yet, excuses be damned.
Does what it does reasonably well (but) it feels like dozens of other spy films and as a result is unlikely to linger long in the memory.
An example of exceedingly efficient filmmaking and storytelling, getting the job done in a brisk 106 minutes even as the picture isn't really providing its prospective audience with anything particularly new.
My wife's take: "This is the first Jack Ryan movie that didn't put me to sleep." She's hoping the studio will use that for the Blu-ray cover.
"Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" comes off as a reasonable facsimile, serviceable but not compelling, something that could pass for the real thing if you're not looking too hard.
The core essentials that made the previous Jack Ryan movies accessible and enjoyable remain intact in Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, even if many of the individual pieces have changed.
Director Kenneth Branagh's biggest mistake was in the casting of the villain: Kenneth Branagh.
The result is a wayward tone, fitting perhaps, for such an unformed hero. He'll probably be back, but there's no telling who might be playing him.
Exciting and elementary, Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is a perfunctory franchise starter that has the spirit, if not the substance, of early Clancy adaptations.
The dialogue is quick and sharp and there are flourishes to make a spy movie lover smile: sleight-of-hand work and the exchange of a brown envelope in a movie theatre showing 1948 black-and-white classic Sorry, Wrong Number.
A solid-enough foundation has been laid, and pieces exist to keep Paramount and Pine in the Jack Ryan business for the immediate future.
Branagh brings no style to Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, and no heart.
Branagh, who proved his action bona fides with "Thor," does an inarguably competent job of choreographing a modestly intelligent espionage thriller, even if it's impossible to identify anything new he's bringing to an already groaning table.
This is moviemaking in a modular mode, an inspiration-free action adventure-with cheesy cinematography-that fills its modest running time by fitting together familiar elements into something reliably, even insistently, not new.
An awkward amalgam of tropes from two different sub-genres, with terrorist sleeper cells and gangster oligarchs operating side by side.
a perfectly serviceable cinematic statement.
A pleasingly old-fashioned piece [that] manages to deliver a couple of hours of cheekily retro, amusingly implausible spycraft.
Endears simply by being a solidly put together thriller.
"Jack Ryan" is slick, loud, assured, overplotted (way overplotted), fairly diverting, and pretty much empty.
Under taut direction from Kenneth Branagh (who also plays the Russian heavy), Pine is convincing as a character who is pushing papers one day, and dodging assassins in Moscow the next.
Pine brings a welcome boyishness and idealism to Ryan, but he's clobbered with clichés by his director and screenwriters. The evildoers, it turns out, were right in his own backyard.
As espionage thrillers go, Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit skillfully marshals all the familiar elements. That's the damn problem.
The cast brings welcome personality to a competent, energetic reboot before the uninspired action scenes pile up in a standard time-bomb climax.
The year's first movie with a three-digit IQ.
Kenneth Branagh ... keeps things moving, building suspense at the right times. But he never manages anything truly revelatory; this all is a version of things we've seen before.
Carries itself confidently as an actioner, reworking the titular analyst to fit a tech-heavy world, with director Kenneth Branagh excited to stage a global nightmare for our hero to conquer.
The film certainly makes up in verve what it lacks in imagination.
"Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit," well acted up and down, feels caught halfway between being an idiotic spy picture for adolescents, and a reasonably grown-up thriller for reasonably grown-up grown-ups.
Personality goes a long way, and there's enough of it in 'Jack Ryan' to make you wish for sequels that had even less to do with the increasingly badly dated Clancy sources.
"Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" is an origin story that gets the late Tom Clancy's signature superspy right.
Even if it does feel anonymous, it looks sleek and elegant, with glittering shots of New York and Moscow and a pace that never flags.
A tepid warm-up for Cold War leftovers, you can sum up both the worst and best thing about Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit in one sentence: Your dad is going to love it.
"Shadow Recruit" is a competently made, moderately diverting variation on a genre standard.
Competent, well-acted, but unoriginal and uninspiring.
Even if Shadow Recruit isn't up to the recent highs of the 007 series, it's a zippy and exciting little cloak and dagger tale that's entertaining enough to make a new Ryan franchise seem like something worth anticipating.
The film is slow in getting started and once it's underway it's only intermittently involving. It's also occasionally far-fetched.
In keeping his actors on his sober-yet-buoyant plane, Kenneth Branagh presents a convincing romance that doesn't stall the film's brisk clip.
Costner is in fine dry form, Knightley is at her most open and gorgeous, and Pine goes through the motions of saving the Western world with a swaggery concentration that keeps you watching.
Soundly structured, smart and fast, with a plausible central scenario, several gripping moments and well-wrought dialogue.
This could have been a thoughtful, fresh thrill, but in order for that to have happened, we'd need a compelling mystery that we could be part of, not one that we could watch Jack solve himself.
Ryan returns in a quick-footed reboot that does its duty as an escape from the January doldrums.
Kenneth Branagh's reboot of the all-purpose Tom Clancy hero wastes crisp direction and an eager cast on a by-the-numbers ticking-bomb plot.
The film is littered with some genuinely tense and exciting action sequences, with Branagh proving he can direct the complex fight scenes as well as he can the monologues.
Instead of embracing dramatic complexities and setbacks, all the better to make the most of them creatively, screenwriters Adam Cozad and David Koepp are intent upon steamrolling right over them, to uninvolving effect.
This conspicuous attempt to breathe new life into a long-dormant action franchise gets at least a few things right, chiefly the shrewd casting of Chris Pine.
Branagh endows his film with (mostly) old-fashioned competency - something often lacking in today's action films - but little to distinguish it from superior thrillers that have come before.
While Kenneth Branagh does a competent job behind the camera, he's unaided by a lazy, uninspired and hollow screenplay.
Pine is never going to successfully pull off weight-of-the-world anxiety: His expression in Shadow Recruit's first moments, set on 9/11, might be called "aggrieved puppy."
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is half silliness, half swagger, but Branagh's arms-akimbo impudence as a director makes it work. He takes it all seriously, but with a wink.
A stylish and exciting action thriller that affirms Chris Pine as a leading man worth banking your franchise on.
A promising start to a probable new franchise, and an early bright spot on the late winter film calendar.
Competently directed by Branagh, the film's stunts, action scenes and thriller elements are executed with flourish and the Moscow sequences are terrific
There is much to enjoy in this easy-to-like thriller that races to its heart-pounding and spectacular conclusion is fitting style

@highlight

It doesn't reinvent the action-thriller wheel, but Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit offers a sleek, reasonably diverting reboot for a long-dormant franchise.