Though it is a must-see for the tension and agility of plot, Cotillard is almost too cool, too luminescent, too much of a Hollywood star now to play a working-class mother of two on the edge.
Camera almost always in hand... results in a magnificent work... [Full review in Spanish]
What the film and its characters convey to us, cumulatively, is a struggle for and towards dignity.
It's a good thing Marion Cotillard has such an interesting face.
[Marion Cotillard] delivers a raw performance here as Sandra, a wife, mother, and blue-collar worker recovering from severe depression and fighting to keep her job at a small solar panel factory.
[Two Days] may work as a dissertation on the trickling consequences of economic downturn, but what's more important is that it works, bracingly, as a drama.
There are few pleasures in contemporary cinema comparable to those of watching Marion Cotillard.
[Two Days, One Night features] Marion Cotillard in what may be the most self-effacing, yet bravura performance of the year.
It is Cotillard's emotional accessibility that turns this drama and character study into a quiet thriller.
Although it is a bit repetitive as a whole, the individual performances and in-the-moment flashes of truth more than carry the film.
What separates Two Days, One Night from just another tale of a poor woman in desperate need is that the Dardennes have also, rather subtly, rendered a stunning portrait of marriage on the brink.
[Cotillard is] the beating heart of a film that manages to whisper and scream at the same time.
That's what is so devastating about this superb film: We might have Sandra's dilemma as the focus of our attention, but every one of these people has a comparable story. In these circumstances, that realization is heartbreaking.
This is a defiantly political film about solidarity, loyalty to workmates and presenting a common front when jobs are threatened.
Sandra spends the titular amount of time going all over the city, approaching her coworkers and trying to get them on her side. If that doesn't sound very interesting, then you don't know about the Dardennes' knack for keeping it fascinatingly real.
Two Days is far from a conventional hero's journey, but it's a compelling parable of the choices we make to survive and thrive at work. And it suggests that some of those choices, in their own small way, do change the world.
[Belgium's Dardenne brothers] They've never done anything as powerful as Two Days, One Night, featuring Marion Cotillard in what someday may be recalled as her greatest performance.
At its center is Marion Cotillard, intensely inhabiting a besieged working-class Everygirl who occupies a vortex of stress the Dardennes have down to a science.
[T]he Dardennes illustrate with compelling drama the struggle to stay afloat in an unrelenting capitalist system.
It is in within these acutely observed aspects of humanity, not at its best or worst but simply as it is that Two Days, One Night achieves its greatness.
does not shy away from the harsh truths of life, ; but, at the same time, it seeks out and reveals hope and potential in every situation
The Dardennes have been producing insightful and bleak slices of lower-class life for over a quarter century, but with its shattering star turn and tighter narrative structure, Two Days, One Night is their most accessible movie yet.
A moral story in the most explicit and moving way. [full review in Spanish]
It's a neat, intimately dramatic variation of a ticking-clock premise and the Dardennes keep it grounded with a minimum of emotive amperage. And yet, they achieve an extraordinary level of suspense. This is largely due to Cotillard's performance.
Their struggles to make ends meet would be recognizable to many Americans as well.
In their own quiet and bluntly impassioned way, [the Dardennes] take a plainly spelled-out sequence of events in the life of a working-class woman and manage to imbue them with more tension than I've felt at many a so-called Hollywood thriller.
The Dardenne brothers are too wise in their storytelling to settle for easy exits. That makes their new film all the more powerful.
Cotillard shows us resignation, recommitment and rediscovery. But there's never resentment, which creates the film's thematic linchpin A social drama with real sting and a fascinating field study of life on the working class's financial fringe.
Consider Marion Cotillard's Oscar-nominated performance in Two Days, One Night a tour de nuance.
The film is a gripping thriller, an uplifting female rejuvenation story, and a humanist indictment of a social structure plagued by the loss of community support systems and old-fashioned worker solidarity.
...the Dardennes have fashioned their most accessible and relatable drama yet, one that works as a suspense thriller even as it exposes some miserable Machiavellian truths and Darwinian terrors.
It's hard not to be moved by the latest essential film from the Dardennes
The movie affirms Sandra's existence, but in its affirmation it remains more a question than an exclamation point. It asks: How did we get here? How, out of all the ways in which society could have evolved, did we come to allow this system to define us?
As with their previous films, the brothers cast a discerning gaze on working-class lives, without preachiness or sentimentality.
A genuine horror story, sweaty with a palpable ring of truth about the unending fear that accompanies life on the knife edge of financial despair.
Cotillard's heartbreakingly raw work carries the day, as she fleshes out both Sandra's suffering and emotional endurance on a journey of discovery that the latter, not the former, defines her.
It presents the consummate movie actress of her generation stripping bare the vanities of her profession to portray an everywoman hero, gently coaxed to life by filmmakers with a profound grasp of true emotion.
Jean-Dardenne and Luc Dardenne have birthed this overwhelming hour and a half overflowing with raw, human emotion. Marion Cotillard has taken on one of the most challenging roles of her career and has delivered a performance that is extremely rewarding.
Perhaps the best work yet from the Dardennes, this harrowing drama derives most of its power from a knockout performance by Marion Cotillard.
The Dardennes brothers are masters of taking the seemingly smallest possible story and finding drama, suspense and big overarching themes within it.
Marion Cotillard shines in this exceedingly true-to-life drama.
A lean, no nonsense film crafted in the most brutally honest style of the Dardennes with a stellar performance by Marion Cotillard.
Two Days, One Night is contemporary social realism at its finest, portraying the complicated moral landscape we're constantly navigating and the difficult decisions this modern world has invariably wrought.
This may sound dull, but it isn't. The Dardennes know how to tell low-key stories effectively, and Cotillard's Oscar-nominated performance builds toward the unexpected ending.
Cotillard delivers a physically shaken performance that makes Sandra more than a righteous crusader.
The beauty of the film is in its simple, honest analysis of the human condition -- and in Ms. Cotillard's powerfully good performance.
Cotillard's every subtle, perfectly judged move is exhilarating.
The boys from Belgium have made a good film here, but not, I think, quite a great one. That it's built around a very good performance certainly helps.
Watchably dull, but the Cult of Cotillard landed her another Oscar nomination for this unsurprising melodrama.
The Dardennes have found the film's anchor in Cotillard, who is just tremendous as Sandra, but the supporting cast is what ties the film together.
Cotillard's performance is revelatory, one to be admired and studied for generations.
A dilemma so simple and so timely, it barely feels like fiction.
There is strength in simplicity, something the Dardenne brothers' "Two Days, One Night" and its brilliant star, Marion Cotillard, prove emphatically.
Wonderbrothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne return with a tale of heroic struggle against an ordinary disaster.
The Dardennes craft an interesting slice of life that is not wrought with dramatic flair.
What's galvanizing about this film, and all films by the Dardennes, is the little oases of hope that spring up amid a sprawling desert of despair.
In film after film the Dardennes have proven themselves the cinema's most acute humanist critics of predatory capitalism; this masterful drama finds them at the top of their game.
Though there are moments of agony and frustration, the Dardennes have a delicate and sympathetic touch that keeps the simple from becoming simplistic.
Yet another fine exercise in the Dardennes' impassioned neo-Neorealism.
By the end of "Two Days, One Night" we've not only met an unusual heroine and her dynamic husband, but feel like we've gotten to know a small French town whose denizens offer various shadings of a simple moral issue with complex ramifications.
The Dardennes are aces at these small-scale human dramas, and Two Days, One Night is almost without flaw ...
Coursing underneath the film's calm, observant surface is a fury at a system that sets people in the same leaky boat at each other's throats.
Marion Cotillard Proves Herself An Undeniable Force In The Emotionally Jarring Two Days, One Night.
Compassionate, suspenseful drama, posing an intriguing ethical dilemma...
Marion Cotillard delivers a stunningly naturalistic performance.
[Cotillard] She oozes sadness from the seams, and lets us feel the deep hole that is depression without great swaths of self-pity or melodrama.
Community or the individual? The dramatization of the conflict is pungent, but Cotillard's Oscar-nominated performance (of a different register than her equally accomplished work in 2014's The Immigrant) is the shining center of i>Two Days.
As usual, the Dardenne brothers are never heavy-handed, but also not coy about their politics.
Sooner or later, we all need a helping hand in our lives. But what happens when you need to convince people to extend one?
As a parable on karma, capitalism and Darwinian corporate politics, "Two Days, One Night" can often feel brutal. As a testament to connection, service, sacrifice and self-worth, it's a soaring, heart-rending hymn.
Cannes Film Festival director Thierry Fremaux called it a "Belgian Western," and it's true; echoes of "High Noon" and others reverberate in its bones.
Throughout, Cotillard, conveying shame and desperation without ever being showy about it, brings meaning to every movement and posture.
Less is more. That's what the Dardenne brothers are all about.
None of this would work if Cotillard's performance weren't so forthright and deeply felt.
Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne, comme d'habitude, deliver first-rate, suspenseful drama with an approach not unlike the cinéma vérité style associated with documentary filmmaking...
An intense and intimate experience that's relentless in its warmth and chills. To date, depression has never felt so delicate and hypnotic on film.
The Dardennes take us into the ecosystem of need. By the time they are through, they've cut a wide swath that covers most of the issues of the working class.
A rare thing, a socio-economic thriller, with a moving performance by Cotillard.
The premise is as simple as a biblical parable, and as densely packed with significance.
It's a film that captures humanity at its best and its worst, sometimes simultaneously.
One of the year's best, it's beautiful in its modesty, reminding me in an odd way of films of perseverance like Nights of Cabiria and Vivre sa vie.
[A] slice of pressurized middle-class life ... so real, it feels a bit like a documentary.
Exceptionally crafted, with a bracing honesty that challenges the viewer, making it the rare offering of participatory art-house cinema.
Dardenne brothers and Cotillard elevate writer's-exercise storyline
There is plenty of intrigue beneath the surface, as the film uses the no-frills style of the Dardennes to sharply probe office politics and socioeconomic strife, refusing to provide easy answers.
Cotillard's Sandra is asking a question not only of her colleagues but of the audience, too: Are we willing to put aside our own self-interest for the sake of empathy? Are we cowardly or brave?
Cotillard is magnificent, her luminous eyes reflecting a soul in crisis. The Dardenne brothers have created a film for its time, bristling with peril and alive to every flicker of human decency.
Takes a damning look at how the modern economy handles the working class without ever overstating the case.
If you're concerned about the disappearance of ethics in the workplace, 'Two Days, One Night' is among the year's most important films. If you're unconcerned, wake up and absorb Marion Cotillard's powerful performance. One of 2014's top ten.
Cotillard looks dwindled and drained, leached of allure by the unkind pallor of the lighting.
Not only urgent, but quite emotionally powerful.
Cotillard does a stirring job portraying the repeated triumph of will over fear...A film that places value on the simple human attributes of empathy and sacrifice.
One of the year's best films, and a career high for everybody involved in its creation.
One emerges from the film with a battered, hard-won sense of optimism. It's an unlikely vision of hope.
Even when "Two Days, One Night" drags a bit, Cotillard's performance remains compelling.
Yes, "Two Days, One Night" is a story about courage, and resilience and victory. But it also suggests that sometimes the best victory one can wish for is the ability to keep fighting, one day longer.
The Dardenne brothers - known for their scruffy, hand-held, realist aesthetic - have made another richly emotional film about friendship and community.
Cotillard's is a tremendous performance of delicate variations, and it elevates Two Days, One Night to another level of compassionate observation.
Ms. Cotillard's performance is as fine a piece of screen acting as you will ever see.
scrappy, heart-wrenching drama of the first order
The premise is just impossible to accept.There's simply no way a company would torpedo itself by allowing this situation and the movie can't be taken seriously because of it.
What anchors Two Days, One Night, and eases its gaps, is Cotillard's extraordinary performance.
Two Days, One Night is a small miracle of a movie, a drama so purely humane that it makes most attempts at audience uplift look crass and calculated by comparison.
What makes their latest missive, 'Two Days, One Night,' slightly better than their usual, amazing lot? It's hard to tell.
Two Days, One Night is a focused, frankly heartbreaking take on personal morals, selfishness, and what we're willing to sacrifice for others.
It is not often that movies so authentically portray the travails of working-class characters in developed countries.
Directors Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne have always had a feel for the rhythms of everyday dramas in unexceptional lives, and here they use their skill and empathy expertly.
Too much naturalism, not enough style.
The story is well-written, except for the obligatory suicide theme which didn't seem to mesh well with the rest of the plot. This is a vehicle for Marion Cotillard, who is just terrific in this role.
A stunning performance by Cotillard and a moral dilemma aptly presented.
Slight but socially-aware contemporary political drama regarding Belgium's working-class.
Their thrilling, suspenseful plot is just so damn good ... If the final scene doesn't have you white-knuckling your armrest, you simply must be dead.
A working-class tale that's as straightforward as a fired bullet with an exit wound the size of a grapefruit.
Filmed with a raw authenticity that saddens as it informs, this is tough, yet resolutely truthful viewing. Just make sure you're in the right frame of mind to handle such an intense experience.
Much of the praise is being directed at French actress Marion Cotillard who is terrific in the leading role. She draws on a wide range of emotions and her passionate performance with resonate with many.
A top, tough drama from the makers of the superb 1999 drama Rosetta.
Two Days, One Night has the interpretive open-endedness of a parable, the ambiguity of an ethical thought experiment, and the limpid clarity of a folk ballad.
Compelling, and unwaveringly human, Two Days, One Night is among the best films of the year.
Maybe I just don't get it, but this multi-awarded film from the celebrated (and Cannes regular) Belgian Dardenne brothers is not only slight - as in, without cinematic scale - it is a bit contrived and tedious
Some may find the journey slight, but there is nothing superficial in the film - from the emotional honesty of Cotillard's performance to the workplace injustice, bullyboy tactics and worker reactions as they are desperate to protect their own income
Many films probe the tragic lives scarred by joblessness or underemployment during this economic crisis, but few delve into going about somehow confronting those issues . And in the case of this film, the triumph of the human spirit despite everything.
Set in a dehumanizing economy, this is a powerful film about rallying self-worth.
Cotillard's pill-popping Sandra handles every face-to-face meeting and twist and turn of her heartbreaking plight with such openness, honesty and decency she forces us to assess what we really need to live - and what we could do without.
A triumphant drama by the Dardenne brothers about a heroine who demonstrates grace under pressure.
The best work that the Dardennes have done, a study of the Hobson's Choices facing workers in a period of wanton ruling class greed.
This is just another prime example of Cotillard's stunning abilities to transform herself in any role. I think we're looking at a legendary actress emerging before our eyes.
The Dardennes believe in human value and social order being rooted in a sense of solidarity, a staggering consciousness of community that brims with a sensitivity to place, movement, and emotion.
...a better-than-average gritty drama...
Naturalistic and probing, in Two Days, One Night, Belgian brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne tell an apparently simple, linear story with astonishing depth bolstered by another Oscar-worthy turn from Marion Cotillard.
This is a typically barebones plot from the Dardennes, and the filmmakers manage to extract significant amounts of suspense, humanity and even a few dark laughs from Sandra's exchanges.
Cinephiles, do we have any idea how blessed we truly are?
Human, honest, maybe not provocative. Human and honest is not nothing.
A simple yet riveting drama... Cotillard's tender, heartbreaking performance ... makes the message impossible to forget.
The always luminous Marion Cotillard has Two Days, One Night to get her job back in the harsh economic and social climate of this latest film by the Dardenne brothers.
Cotillard is the movie's focus and she offers perhaps her finest turn to date.
The Dardenne brothers consistently make compelling dramas that win awards, from Rosetta (1999) to The Kid With a Bike (2011), and this drama might be their best yet.
The Dardenne brothers expertly use confrontation to create great drama, and from that great drama arises quite the potent tale about principles in the face of hardship.
A socialist epic in miniature, heartfelt and humane.
It's brilliant, pared-down film-making, and Cotillard is exceptionally good in the central role, letting her face speak volumes about the pain of depression and rejection.
The Dardennes' latest feature has an epic quality that belies its small-town setting.
As usual in Dardenne films, such melodramatic contrivances are softened by their integration into the naturalistic flow of incidents, by the overall sensitivity to social and economic realities and by the generally credible performances.
As well as being an essay on solidarity, the film is also a terrific character study.
Open the door to this woman and you won't be sorry that you did.
More sentimental and contrived than previous films from Belgian brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne, this is still a topical and touching tale.
If you only do one thing this year, make sure you catch this shattering masterpiece by the Dardenne brothers.
The Dardenne brothers may have outdone themselves with this heartwrenching film ...
The physical sluggishness and emotional numbing of depression have seldom been better portrayed on screen...
The Dardennes are never less than reliable, but this is one of their best, up there with The Child or Rosetta in its cast-iron sense of purpose.
It is no less compassionate or political than we have come to expect from the brothers, although it is more sentimental than their early work.
It's a rare film of unforced simplicity that will stick with you for a long time. And it's honest right to its perfectly judged ending.
Another stark essay in desperation from the remarkable Dardennes Brothers.
Belgium's best-kept secrets are breaking through without selling out, and their unshowily inspiring domestic drama reminds us you don't need to go to war - or prison - to earn redemption.
Two Days, One Night glows with compassion, but it's hard to think of another feature film that depicts our current economic troubles with such trenchant fury.
The 90 minutes fleetingly flow by as the storyline becomes far from a black-and-white struggle of an underdog.
Two Days, One Night gets its point across in the first 30 minutes, only to treat you to another hour of bittersweet nothings.
Two Days, One Night is the Dardenne Brothers great document for compassion faced with the hurdles of contemporary working class struggle. It's masterfully crafted work from a pair of maestros.
Two Days, One Night is paced like a joke, but it plays like a prayer.
Affecting and expertly made as it is, the movie's tight focus and streamlined quality left me wanting more.
For a proven talent, this is an especially intimate showcase, and Cotillard rises to the occasion.
The emotional impact of Two Days, One Night is overwhelming, a tearful experience.
...it couldn't be more uplifting and affecting, and we left the theater with our hearts nearly bursting.
'Two Days, One Night' is all about the fight, and winning it with kindness and righteousness.
An old-fashioned social-problem film where the problem magically evaporates.
The Dardennes have gifted us yet another important and moving film and it would be churlish not to wish them that coveted Palme d'Or.
Specialists in unvarnished intimacy, the Dardenne brothers add another clear-eyed contemplation of stark social reality to their impressive output.
The Dardennes bring enough moral shading to their story to prevent it becoming a tract, and tie it up with an ethical conundrum so dripping with juice, the usherettes should have been handing out bibs.
A powerful, finely scripted issue movie, made all the more incisive by Marion Cotillard's raw performance as a woman fighting to save her job while suffering from depression.
The Dardenne brothers take on a movie star and lose none of their beautifully observed verisimilitude in another powerhouse slice of working-class Belgian life.

@highlight

Another profoundly affecting work from the Dardenne brothers, Two Days, One Night delivers its timely message with honesty and clear-eyed compassion.