The Farrelly's don't seem to have much interest in their own premise, instead wallowing in pee-pee and doo-doo jokes.
Hall Pass features a hilarious cast in a film that is consistently funny and very entertaining. The laughs rarely stop in this one.
The first truly terrible picture of 2011.
The Farrelys have lost their comic fastball. And curveball. And changeup.
A serviceable comedy outing with a number of surprisingly funny moments, along with a number of shocking but dumb-witted set-ups.
Have the Farrellys lost their touch? Once adept at crafting trashy, lowbrow gags way too funny to be ignored, they seem totally tin-eared with 'Hall Pass.'
Wilson and Sudeikis make an amusingly goofy pair.
The joke is supposed to be that it's sad to see these guys so desperate for a lay, but in truth, it's even sadder to see the brothers this desperate for a laugh.
...looks and sounds more like a raunchy, worn-out television sitcom than a Farrelly product.
If you are the world's biggest fan of movies that bake adultery, family, self-esteem, and your true life's purpose into a cake frosted with d**k jokes, this is your film.
Farrelly brothers still gross out, but come up short on laughs
There were some scenes early in the film where I couldn't catch every second joke because the audience was laughing so hard.
"Hall Pass," actually shot in Georgia, boasts the production values of public access TV. The masturbation / marijuana jokes aren't worthy of a Farrelly outtakes reel.
I laughed from beginning to end... a comedy classic.
Sound depressing? It is. For everyone.
Packaged around R-rated gags, some of them of the gross-out scatological variety, is a heart-felt commentary on monogamy.
A lot of the comedy in the Farrellys' newest R-rated movie, 'Hall Pass,' is strictly visual shocks that, most of the time, will have you laughing after you gasp out loud.
We're left with a week of two guys not even trying to make the most of their freedom, and though that alone doesn't make for enough of a movie, in Hall Pass, that's all you're going to get.
Tired-looking marital sitcom.
The ultimate message is "there's no place like home," just like The Wizard of Oz -- but trust me, this one ain't for the kids.
How many other comic auteurs today could follow fecal-splatter jokes with outbursts of naked emotion?
Hall Pass is the confused death squeal of a creative partnership well pass its best and all the poo jokes in the world can't change that.
An orgy of crudity that could only appeal to adolescents too young to be admitted.
90 excruciating minutes...
Another chapter in the endless saga of American male infantilism.
Hall fail.
The Farrelly brothers once again combine raucous humour, outrageous vulgarity and genuinely heartfelt comedy for this surprisingly involving story about rediscovering the spark in marriage.
Seu sucesso reside na compreensão dos diretores de que os personagens devem ser tão importantes quanto as piadas.
Where once there was cheek and even a little edge, now there's just a desperate giggliness, which even 14-year-old boys would find embarrassing.
There's something about Hall Pass that feels grosser than the usual Farrelly brothers comedy.
Unfunny and unpleasant, it's hard to believe these are the people who once made There's Something About Mary.
It's hopelessly sentimental, without much of the infamous Farrelly Bros gross-out.
Hall Pass boasts a couple of big laughs. For the most part though, our response to the script is weak smiles.
Heavily relies on cheap stereotypes to bolster the laughs ... Expect the expected, and you'll snigger with laughter.
The film should be harmless fun yet comes over as seedy and a bit unpleasant.
If the plot is poor, the direction takes dull to new levels of blandness.
The duo are desperately sad and the humour is painful, lowest-common-denominator stuff.
This movie was fun when it was made 56 years ago and called The Seven Year Itch.
Leaves very little beyond a bitter aftertaste.
Nothing anyone does in this movie makes any sense.
These are difficult times for fans of the Farrelly brothers, and horrendous times for fans of Owen Wilson.
Potentially funny insights are quickly drowned in a constant stream of bodily fluids, like the sweat of desperation as the Farrellys struggle to recapture their own glory days.
It ultimately scrapes a pass thanks to strong comic performances, a handful of decent laughs and the fact that the script actually manages to make the central relationship work.
If you're looking for an amiable giggle that both sexes will find horribly recognisable - plus poo and penis gags - Hall Pass is worth the babysitting money.
Though credited with having four writers, Hall Pass struggles to raise a single titter beyond Wilson's unexpectedly short back and sides.
Apparently unable to extract humor from the situation they've set up, the Farrellys resort to doing what they feel they do best: staging schoolboy gags involving the untimely emission of various bodily fluids.
The film-making Farrelly brothers have striven for 12 years to re-establish the hysteria frequency of There's Something About Mary.
Every line falls flat, a state of affairs the brothers remedy with an inevitable gag featuring defecation.
The usual string of hackneyed and largely laugh-free set-ups involving vulgar chat-up lines, hash brownies and a mad, jealous guy with a crowbar, all seemingly purpose-honed to appeal to devotees of 'The Hangover'.
I'm sure many people on both sides of the fence will relate to these characters, though they probably won't tell their partners.
Has the smart, relaxed, real-life drive of the Farrellys' best comedies. (There are even two poop sight-gags that are shockingly funny.) Too bad the wives' storyline is so unfunny and uncomplicated.
It's very raunchy and it relies on a lot of stereotypes that come from other comedies of its type, but on the other hand It has an underlying sweetness.
Farrellys explore familiar themes in Pass.
It's heretical but true: I prefer my Farrelys sentimental.
Not up there with the Farrelly brothers' classics, but still a worthwhile, farcical comedy.
Let's just say Indiana Jones riding out a nuclear blast in a refrigerator is no longer the most far-fetched thing I've ever seen in the movies.
This thing had more than three strikes against it within the first five minutes.
There's a healthy dose of dirty talking, most of which purports to give voice to the way men really think - a great argument starter for those brave enough to consider this a date movie.
Scratch out "Hall," and just ... pass.
Even the big showstopper "hair gel"-type joke (involving an upset tummy and a bathtub) is only worth an amused chuckle.
[T]here's now over a decade's worth of evidence that the Farrellys had their moment to shine and now it's over.
Hall Pass is a particularly non-noteworthy sitcom episode gussied up in scatological humor, nudity and outré situations.
...sees the Farrelly brothers making a virtue of their newfound 'maturity'.
An over emphasis on 'raunchy' at the expense of humor takes its toll on this disappointing raunch-com from the Farrelly brothers.
It's a wafer-thin premise but the film's real problems revolve around its characters. They're all such schmucks.
Unless you really, really, really need to scare your partner into staying in your relationship, maybe pass this one by.
Weighed down by a shallow premise, cringe-worthy gags and mixed performances, this ends up one big, boring disappointment.
Hall Pass plays like a third or fourth sequel to The Hangover filtered through cheap pop psychology.
Gross humor and lackluster acting make this a movie not worth seeing, but the worst part is, it's not funny - and that you don't expect from the Farrelly Brothers
It's the perfect showcase of 'an idea' and not a film. While there are some laughs, it eventually feels like a waste or time.
I wouldn't necessarily call it a return to form, but after The Heartbreak Kid, they could have simply aimed the camera at the end result of Hall Pass' most scatological sequence, and it would be considered an improvement.
None of the leads bring anything remotely special to the film. Jenkins gets a couple of laughs, but his character is so ludicrous he has nowhere to take it - he's a walking sight gag.
A bawdy, shock comedy laced with coarse dialogue, full-frontal nudity, sophomoric slapstick and bodily-function fare. The tried and true Farrelly Brothers formula, if that's your taste!
A gross-out comedy about the perpetual immaturity of the American male that has, amazingly enough, a mature perspective.
It's as though the Farrelly Brothers have run out of steam, become mired in sense of entropy, and given up on forging fearlessly into new comedic territory
There's a couple of big shocking laughs and a pair of very likeable lead actors. The script isn't always funny but it has just enough charm to get it through the rough patches.
It's not a fizzer but I had hoped for more. Heart and cutting edge are what's missing
Hall Pass, despite its come-ons, is more interested in making men-are-horny-and-incompetent jokes than it is in exploring the myriad complications of its plot device.
Everything feels forced. Nothing kills laughter faster than trying too hard.
Peter and Bobby Farrelly are gross-out artists in transition.
Hall Pass shows flashes of '90s-Farrelly magic; and even at its most reductive, the film can still fall back on a basic tenet: These guys know their way around a gag.
It's hard to wax philosophic about a film in which a portly guy stoned out of his gourd elects to use a golf course sand trap like so much kitty litter, so let's just state that Hall Pass doesn't merely alternate between scenes that are dumb and dumber.
The fact that you could only get a viewer to laugh by having a character sneeze and poop at the same time is nothing to brag about.
I like low-brow humor, but the Farrellys could learn a lot from their past movies, which handled this with more finesse and humor than the slap-and-tickle nature of this film.
The Farrellys have a distinct touch that carries their dubious premise across.
The film is rarely funny, pointedly tasteless (as if that's new), usually embarrassing and always bad.
At least it's infinitely better than their more recent efforts.
The Farrelly Brothers' best movie since There's Something About Mary. I know, I know, even better than Stuck on You.
It wastes a lot of energy to very little effect.
Following "Shallow Hal" (2001) "Stuck on You" (2003), "Fever Pitch" (2005), "The Heartbreak Kid" (2007) and Fox TV's "Unhitched," this thing is actually a nice return to funny, raunchy form.
"Something about Mary" seems a lifetime ago.
The Farrelly brothers can only wring so many laughs out of excrement in Hall Pass
There's no way that Hall Pass is anywhere near the classic comedies the brothers made earlier in their careers, but it is far from their worst comedy.
Ultimately the film takes a long time to go nowhere.
When I say that Hall Pass is one of the Farrelly brothers' sloppier movies, I'm not just talking about their penchant for flinging bodily fluids around and calling it comedy.
The Farrellys hedged their bets on whether to take marital infidelity seriously, when what they ought to have done is go all-out with the vulgar, one-dimensional slapstick, and leave it at that.
A repulsive mixture of smarmy schmaltz and unremitting vulgarity,directed by co-writers Peter and Bobby Farrelly as though they were wielding a bludgeon.
Guys can be desperately pathetic creatures when it comes to the opposite sex.
Hall Pass gave me the best workout I've had in months.
Farrellys' film about infidelity has both raunch and heart.
Horribly uneven, but the movie's got three or four setpieces that are up there with the best parts of "There's Something About Mary."
The directors who once pushed boundaries with KINGPIN and THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT MARY now defend them in HALL PASS.
The idea has been spun out to its fullest comic potential and the ultimate endorsement of monogamy is even more predictable.
The Farrellys, who wrote the script with Pete Jones and Kevin Barnett, play enough variations on that theme to keep us curious about how the inevitable reconciliation will go.
A hit-and-miss affair that falls too often on the wrong side of that comedy corridor.
Although the film's crude humor isn't ideal for a school assembly or church social, it is undeniably effective.
Talk about trying to have your cake and have sex with it, too.
Inexplicably, I went into Hall Pass ignorant of the fact that it was a Farrelly Bros. movie. If I'd known, I would have been mentally prepared. There are moments in this film that would make Judd Apatow blush.
The film is scripted as if aging frat boys sat with a pack of beers and tried to figure out which would be funnier, if a drunk girl vomited, or sneezed and shat at the same time.
Appealing not to the lowest common denominator but the shortest, i.e., the toddler set, barred due to the R rating. Or, as one young lad said to his friend in the sandbox: "Waaaaaah!"
More than a decade ago, they were irreverent. After watching the mangled mess that is Hall Pass, it's clear that the (Farrellys) are now nothing more than irrelevant.
At least there are enough laughs to help you forget about the film's lack of structure or substance.
It may not be the second coming of There's Something About Mary, but the Farrelly Brothers' latest offers a number of hearty laughs and good performances to boot.
...an unfunny, aggressively desperate, and flat-out boring comedy...
This dirty little secret is one of the funniest films to start 2011!
Hall Pass is certainly a galaxy-wide improvement over Adam Sandler's latest atrocity, Just Go With It, and funnier than the Farrellys' last few efforts, but like its protagonists it just can't close the deal.
Oddly misogynistic, particularly disappointing for film-makers whose great strength has been their capable and good-hearted female characters.
Sporadically funny, but it wastes a lot of time on dreary clichés.
More outrageous, gross out, potty humor than you can stomach.
While their characters may have aged, the Farrellys haven't grown up themselves.
'Hall Pass' is like a late-'60s Bob Hope or Jerry Lewis movie, stubbornly grinding out what used to work, current styles be damned.
It is at times riotously raunchy and funny but, for the most part, grounded in a sweet reality.
Why do the Farrellys huff and puff and hem and haw and meander through a full third of the picture before the premise even clicks into low gear? At least the answer isn't long in coming: They don't have clue one where to go with it.
Avoid Hall Pass at all costs.
Haphazardly conceived, phlegmatically paced, lazily filmed and punctuated with gratuitous moments of sexual and scatological slapstick..
An occasionally funny comedy with slow stretches that has directors Peter and Bobby Farrelly returning to their trademark gross-out humor.
Ever catch yourself thinking, "Man, I wish beer commercials lasted just 104 minutes longer"?
... feels like a major step in the right direction for the Farrellys
Like the middle-aged dads in this flaccid fiasco, "Hall Pass" is a decade behind the curve of what's happening.
A problem with "Hall Pass," I think, is that both Owen Wilson and Jason Sudeikis are affable, and the movie wants us to like them.
The simple jokes ... work best here, and the screenplay struggles as the pair completely loses focus on their goal.
It's a comedy that's chosen to build itself on some pretty heavy issues, issues which it's all for addressing with some pretty horrible ideas about the way relationships work.
Some of the material in Hall Pass is just plain gross, but some of it is damn funny.
The funniest stuff doesn't grow naturally from the story or characters, but feels appended, thrown on as afterthought, like a condiment, to add a little flavor.
It's hard to tell what's fallen farther: the Farrelly Brothers' career or the institution of marriage.
Mildly amusing or marginally offensive is about as good as it gets.
Perhaps if this had been a saucy French sex comedy, it might have taken off. But in the hands of directors Peter and Bobby Farrelly, it's a clunky non-starter.
Sound stupid? It is.
Hall Pass zips along crudely but amiably on its sitcom-episode conceit.
I laughed from beginning to end and to me that's the sign of a comedy classic.
Traffics in a brand of misogyny so puzzling that it can only be analyzed by examining the film's raunchy jokes at close range.
There's very little that sets it apart from superior comedies that have done a better job portraying real people as the dirty-minded beings we all are.
Noxious in the extreme, growing into an endurance test the longer one has to spend with these two louts posing as protagonists.
While the promise of nudity and plenty of potty mouthed humor will be good enough for the teenage crowd, the rest of us should curb the marriage jokes and spend the night with our families
Once the funny and not-so-funny start to flow, you might not care, though it would be nice if the Farrellys did care about the banality of their images, just a little.
Funny, often savagely so.
Hall Pass is hilarious, a return to form for the Farrelly Brothers.
Surprisingly, considering it's made by the Farrellys, "Hall Pass" fails to take full advantage of its premise.
The Farrellys, once masters of the funny script, now seem to have no time for outrageous plots or the killer dialogue we loved them for.
"Hall Pass" captures the thrill that grown men get from a dirty joke and sustains it for almost the whole picture.
Bobby and Peter Farrelly have brought water to the arid desert currently calling itself American film comedy. It's a drink spiked with enough crudeness to cause a nasty bout of dysentery.
I liked this movie better when it was called The Seven-Year Itch.
Though the film never balances the grown-up stuff with the gross-out gags, it suggests the Farrellys might be able to do mature after all.
Hall Pass is such a tiring and dispiriting enterprise in and of itself that using it as a potential springboard to contemplate why the Farrellys no longer 'matter' ... well, it just seems not to matter.
The Farrellys have come to praise fidelity, not to bury it, and could have called this "There's Something About Marriage."
The pleasantly crude Hall Pass reminds us of what's been missing from movies: Those squirm-inducing moments in comedy that produce enough discomfort that at points what we're watching is half a heartbeat away from a horror film.
The Farrelly brothers continue to strain desperately for their gross-out glory days with Hall Pass, their latest "comedy" -- and, yes, that word is in quotes for a reason.
Nothing new from the Farrelly brothers, but a mild recommendation for the handful of big laughs.
Any time a movie needs to resort to two sequences involving unexpected bowel moments for laughs, you know you're in trouble.
It's secondhand, vaguely resigned material. And while Sudeikis has some talent, he's not yet ready to co-anchor a feature comedy.
It's crude, for sure, relentlessly so, but it's also just dumb and, when it tries to get something close to serious, kind of depressing.
Domesticity might be comfortable, but it hasn't done much for the comedy of Peter and Bobby Farrelly.
[A] far-fetched, mostly unfunny comedy.
Hall Pass, a light comedy of horny marital woe from directors Peter and Bobby Farrelly, makes a novel statement about the sex wars: It says that they're essentially over. And that the guys - in case there was any lingering suspense about it - have lost.
Those 1990s gross-out kings, Peter and Bobby Farrelly, are finally growing up, even if that maturation is visible only in highly relative terms.
The gross-outs stick out in the Farrellys' spotty new comedy.
A robotic effort, guided by the brothers in an insincere manner that suggests career panic over true comedic bravery. It's a gross-out enterprise that's largely miscast, overly schticky, and morally disoriented.
Is it redundant to note that this Farrelly Brothers picture is rated R, "for crude and sexual humor throughout, language, some graphic nudity and drug use"? If anything here, the Bros are sticking to their brand. Maybe it's time they grew up a little bit.
Not only disgusting and unendurable, but filthy and boring, too.
Hall Pass is a hilariously unnaughty movie; you know exactly where it's going.
If you go in with low expectations, you can't help but be pleasantly surprised. The value of its huge laughs shouldn't be underestimated.
What once came naturally now seems like trying too hard, as the Farrellys face their own mid-life crisis.


@highlight

Some filmgoers may be surprised by the Farrellys' defense of traditional domestic values in Hall Pass -- unfortunately, they'll probably also be dismayed by the absence of laughs.