Power Rangers is a movie that won't be for everyone, but will certainly please hard-core fans looking for a trip down memory lane. It was fun. It was big. It was Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.
I love that they took the franchise of Power Rangers and did something a little more serious than what we've seen in the TV shows, but at the same time, still had the essence of what Power Rangers was.
As an old-school Power Rangers fan, I enjoyed this movie and I enjoyed the lead actors and Bryan Cranston as Zordon.
The loneliness and anxiety experienced by each of the characters perfectly captures how hard it can be to grow up. The fact that the teenagers all come from different backgrounds and are of different ethnicities is the cherry on top of the cake.
Something is wrong when the best part of the last 20 minutes is Elizabeth Banks biting into a Krispy Kreme doughnut as Angel Grove is destroyed
The Power Rangers are back on the big screen...
Despite a decent cast, this unhurried reboot is way too ancient for your liking.
A rather offensive misfire of style.
The message is that the most marginalized in our society are worthy of friendship and capable of feats of heroism.
It really should not be that hard to inject life into a story about five high school kids with superpowers.
While the fandom of this franchise is undeniable, to me Saban's Power Rangers is a little outdated and a little misdirected.
The film looks like it was made while director Dean Israelite was busily texting on his phone the entire time.
This transparent attempt to launch a franchise is visually ambitious, although with that comes a tendency to take itself way too seriously in an effort to justify the big-budget spectacle.
While not quite recommendable, it turns out to be surprisingly watchable.
Everything is a formula repeated until exhaustion. If they are going to do something serious, at least they should try to really compete against other big screen heroes. [Full review in Spanish]
A better balance between tones would have made a difference, but the morphosis didn't work at all. [Full review in Spanish]
I believe we can have a good, live-action Power Rangers movie, but unfortunately, it's not this one.
The gritty reboot we never asked for.
An especially tedious reboot...
I can think of few things that could be better without betraying the nature of this franchise because it's a great movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Kids with limited movie experience might go for it, but that silly M rating is likely to keep them away from this overlong misfire.
This film seems to fulfill its promise of having The Breakfast Club (1985) vibes, focusing on the emotional dynamics between the protagonists that, ends up becoming ballast. [Full review in Spanish]
The question is: Do we really need the Power Rangers? For many of us, the answer is a simple, No.
2017's Power Rangers is trying to be an adult, but it doesn't need to grow up too fast.
Entertaining without being too campy or ironic, Power Rangers gives its target audience what they're looking for.
A lumpy paste of brooding teen drama based entirely on coincidence and action scenes edited so rashly that it'd be tough to know if shots from other movies slipped in.
A fresh and exciting reboot that succeeds in building engaging characters, and a new universe...
It is a generic origin story but it's well executed, building energy and excitement in a way that even the most celebrated Marvel films struggle to match.
The new Power Rangers doesn't disappoint. Sure, the final fight scene could have been 10 minutes longer, but the character development here is worth the wait. And we still get plenty of action in the final half hour.
Power Rangers won't have you seeing red, feeling blue or in the pink. It's just nostalgic fun that would have improved with a better villain and less on-screen merchandising.
It reinvents the franchise in a bold and mature way, while never losing sight of the campy fun that made Power Rangers so beloved to begin with, and for that alone, that makes this movie a worthwhile surprise.
It's cheesy but endearing; there are worse things for teenagers to spend their allowance on.
Power Rangers plays something like The Breakfast Club crossed with Transformers (to which this film makes a couple of direct nods).
Unfortunately, this reboot strains so hard to distance itself from the original TV series, it could spoil your childhood memories.
The morphing teenage misfits don't stand a chance against the cliche-ridden script and clunky direction.
At once awful and awfully amusing, this ramshackle franchise reboot fuses bad acting, worse writing and enough spunk to make the whole thing seem charming in its monumental stupidity.
Even though there are faults, it still somehow manages to get the job done.
I was a kid and this was my first exposure to the franchise, I'm sure I'd be hooked. For everyone else, this just doesn't have enough power.
Slick, yet silly reboot - scheming for franchise possibilities.
The only one who manages to shine is Elizabeth Banks as Rita Repulsa; the actress - active and sarcastic - moves with determination and willing to destroy this repertoire of clichés seen over and over in action films. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that only will entertain children, like finding an old toy in the yard. [Full review in Spanish]
A product filled with nostalgia, which updates an old formula and seems to work at times.It's not the movie of the year, nor do I think that was aiming to be it. [Full review in Spanish]
Power Rangers' saviour is its own knowingness, its own touch of self-reflective cynicism; though the key here is that it never launches itself into the full meta-attack we've come to expect in a post-Deadpool era.
Perhaps it is plagued with clichés, but it manages to be entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
The new Power Rangers reboot offers some entertainment for the fans but fails to find the right tone. [Full review in Spanish]
Fun enough to reignite a dormant franchise with new potential. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining and harmless blockbuster with a lot of heart. I didn't think I'd end up saying this, but I wouldn't mind seeing more of these movies. [Full review in Spanish]
One day, making sure each movie is engaging on its own, rather than acting as filler for more to come, might become a priority again. Unfortunately, that's not the case here.
Bless Banks for cutting a campy swath through a movie that very much needs it. Otherwise, it's a mess, unsure whether it should be a kitschy throwback romp or ultramodern emo-reboot.
A handful of sparky leads can't help this superhero reboot find an appropriate tone. No no, Power Rangers.
The film's uncomplicated plot, undemanding stunt work, unconvincing special effects, and unpolished acting are reminders of its cheesy, simple-minded roots.
Billy's [shirt] depicts a flying weiner, a bravely honest image to include in superhero flick, while the text on Jason's T, perfectly encapsulating this film's money-grubbing cynicism towards its audience, states: "Cash only. No credit. Don't ask."
For its target audience, Power Rangers delivers in spades, and as a stand-alone film for the newcomer, it actually manages to engage for the most part.
A movie that is ashamed of its own nature. [Full review in Portuguese.]
As Power Rangers ends, the feeling is definite: They'll soon be back.
There's some humor, and there's some action, but the style feels like any other 2017 sci-fi action film.
Despite the fun of the third act, it can't erase those first 90 minutes, and the harsh tonal shift between the two.
Director Dean Israelite takes a cheesy concept and makes it relatable.
Power Rangers is emotional and resonant until it becomes a Power Rangers movie; then it becomes stupid.
It's not awful, but I wish the powers that be had fully committed to camp or otherwise done something novel or interesting with the well-worn kids get superpowers storyline. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - Available)
At least this bizarre Power Rangers movie tries to do something to stand out from the crowd.
It might be inelegant, but it's nonetheless a solid equation to appease the nostalgic a new generation of fans.
As cash grabs go, this one is delightfully unconcerned with coolness, neither shying away from its chintzy roots nor ironically embracing them.
What this Power Rangers does -- unlike the show -- is explore the complexities of our core team: They're imperfect but perfect enough to be selfless and save the world.
A winning and cartoonish coming-of-age tale about supermodel-pretty misfit kids bonding in the belly of an alien spaceship.
Does nothing for anyone who isn't cheering for the cameos of Amy Jo Johnson and Jason David Frank and the one utterance of "Ay-yi-yi!" by Alpha 5.
Violent, more mature Rangers reboot is overly angst-filled.
I have something miraculous to report: Power Rangers doesn't suck.
Power Rangers is comfortably superior - more efficient, funnier, less pompous - than anything from the current DC universe.
A hollow, two-hour blast of stifling backstory, product placement, and big-budget nonsense.
"Power Rangers" has the right idea to approach the material with a meatier attitude, but there's little payoff worth waiting for.
Overall, "Power Rangers" is a sometimes funny but flawed movie full of the action that most people who want to see movies like this crave.
For the most part, Power Rangers successfully avoids after-school special territory thanks to performances that are above action-film par -- particularly by Cyler.
Saban's Power Rangers does a better job when it's mimicking the beats of '80s teen classics like The Breakfast Club than when it suits up for action.
A work of soulless indifference.
There isn't an original bone in its generic body, but this undistinguished reboot of the popular 1990s TV show has enough colourful adventure, upbeat action and genial thrills to satisfy its target audience.
Shot and edited with verve and brio, but that story...
The movie is far too silly to be taken seriously and yet takes itself far too seriously to be any fun.
Ultimately, this is a kids'-property superhero movie about teens getting power from ancient aliens and battling someone named Rita Repulsa (Elizabeth Banks, taking large bites of the scenery). The filmmakers do not forget to have fun with it.
Power Rangers is a movie that is better than it probably should have been, but one that waits until it's almost entirely too late to strike the tone that it's most comfortable with.
This uncomfortable mixture of teen angst (Sexting! Disappointing parents!) and cartoonish violence only comes alive when Banks is on screen.
While Power Rangers is never the movie I wanted it to be, it's not poorly made, nor does it break canon, or drift too far from its source material. The people who made this film cared, they just didn't always know how best to show that care.
It's just silly enough to annoy viewers, without enough crack-pottery to amuse them.
You brace yourself for the worst with this adaptation of the kids' TV favourite but it's actually rather fun.
Fails to capitalise on its good intentions to subvert and modernise the franchise.
A weird film that it starts off tremendously promising before it free falls after morphing the franchise into just another superhero movie.
Be warned. The movie is three quarters over before you see any Zords, Megazords or monsters. On the other hand, I rather liked what the filmmakers gave us instead. Power Rangers is almost literally The Breakfast Club with superpowers.
The five Power Rangers are appealing but bland, as if skimmed from a CW casting call, and Israelite stages the action sequences in a chaotic mass of swish-pans and rapid-fire edits, perhaps to hide the daytime special effects.
By the big final battle -- which goes from the Power Rangers kicking rock monsters all the way up to them kicking a giant gold monster -- it's hard not to feel this film has earned its cheese.
It wearily welds together nostalgia money lines, the tones of two different movies and some of the most hilarious product placement in cinematic history. Then it throws a dark blue Instagram filter on it and calls it a (very long, disjointed) day.
Power Rangers has mixed success with its efforts to modernize the franchise, but offers enough playful storytelling and spectacle to offset its flaws.
If the Rangers are on the CW, Banks is in a universe of her own, stalking about the small town of Angel Grove in hobo dominatrix gear, dramatically stage whispering, "GOLD," "CRYSTALS" and "KRISPY KREME" to no one in particular.
It's strange to find oneself actively rooting against the Power Rangers showing up in full battle gear in this movie...
[The] team get about 50% there, which might be good enough for some. But one person's "glass half full" is another person's "fully half assed."
After establishing an engaging tone early on, Power Rangers descends into familiarity after a while, and it's a mild (if expected) letdown.
These new Power Rangers may not be the team of superhero friends you remember, but they'll for sure feel like a team, and like friends. And occasionally like superheroes-when they get around to it.
"Saban's Power Rangers" may surpass the original, but for what lesson? The value of teamwork? More likely, of a franchise payoff.
Bring Advil, or something stronger. It's morphine time!
You can picture the pitch: if you sort-of liked Power Rangers when it was half recycled footage, wait until you see a version that costs over a hundred million dollars!
Power Rangers is so concerned with launching a mature teen-targeted franchise that it often forgets to have some fun.
The plot and character developments never reach Marvel-levels of script writing, but they're above average for the B- or C-tier stuff you might expect from this movie.
This is the conundrum of Power Rangers: The closer it gets to fantasy spectacle, the less imaginative it becomes.
At over two hours... the movie simply takes too long building up toward the inevitable showdown, which pretty quickly devolves into a lot of CGI-enhanced mayhem that has its moments but isn't quite stirring enough to justify the wait.
Some reboots should be booted back where they came from.
Power Rangers is earnest and it has a good heart. There should be more movies like it, only better-made.
Never quite fun enough for kids or teens, but also unlikely to appeal to loyal fans, "Power Rangers" feels like a film that's not quite finished morphing into its true form.
It's basically Chronicle meets The Breakfast Club. In order to fully become Power Rangers, these kids must care more about others than themselves.
Power Rangers is always at odds with taking itself too seriously and embracing the original's cornball aspects.
Nobody involved cared to change a property that left infinite room for improvement, perhaps because that would merely have subjected it to comparisons to everything from Transformers to Godzilla.
A film that, while immensely flawed, thrives in its inanity, and the reason why this works where other blockbusters of a similar nature have failed, is because it's a tone that is implemented in a knowing, affectionate manner.
At its best "Power Rangers" plays a little like a low-rent "Breakfast Club." Unfortunately it's not always at its best, and when it's not, you get exactly what you'd expect: generic teen hero fare.
[A] calculated, derivative attempt to turn a decades-old piece of junk culture into a new pile of box-office cash.
The entire third act is typical Hollywood CGI-monster fest, but the first two are surprisingly human - and good.
Power Rangers is fun when it leans into the original series' campy sensibility.
Power Rangers is clever in its construction
Power Rangers is a wholly unnecessary cash cow that isn't so bad if you just lower your expectations.
Power Rangers is sincere and serious but it's not afraid to do fan service. It takes its characters seriously, but doesn't take itself too seriously.
[Power Rangers] sets out to be all things to all viewers and winds up achieving considerably less than Josh Trank's unfairly maligned Fantastic Four movie did with a roughly similar plot.
For all its flaws, it's tough to be too cynical about a movie so explicitly about the power of acceptance and teamwork. Sure, it's kind of ungainly, but beneath its awkward swagger, Power Rangers just wants to be loved. And who are we to refuse?
The end result is expensive, cheesy and instantly forgettable.
Better than expected, worse than hoped for.
The 2017 updates include plenty of backstory to make sure non-fans of the television series are up to speed and go some way to broaden the film's appeal beyond those watching for the sake of a 1990s nostalgia trip.
Banks is the standout... but by the final act, neither her hammed-up performance, nor the arrival of the Power Rangers' mechadinosaur companions The Zords, can save the film, never mind the world.
Much like the teens at the center, Power Rangers goes through some awkward growing pains in real time trying to figure out what movie it wants to be or even should be.
Set your expectations low enough and you might just be entertained.
Power Rangers doesn't completely fail as an origin story, but it's too familiar with its new-age reboot mentality that repurposes instead of recreates.
Power Ranges surprisingly captures teen angst in an effective way. There is an edge to the characters that lead to unexpected moments.
Appears to have been shot by the Hunchback of Notre Dame and edited by a monkey wearing oven gloves.
This teen superhero adventure doesn't just trade off fond memories of the 90s TV show. It also wraps itself in a warm blanket of affection for classic 80s teen movies.
Though the Rangers themselves acquit themselves honourably, you never really reach the point where you'd be unhappy to see one of them choke on a fish bone.
We didn't really need any of this: not the repackage, nor more superheroics, nor the closing-credits cover of Snap's The Power.
Plays-out like a $100 million version of a CW pilot, but not bad for what it is.
Longtime Power Rangers fans will genuinely love this movie, which never resorts to self-mockery and (villain problems aside) doesn't talk down to its audience.
It's jarring at times how often it goes back and forth between 'gritty' and 'silly.'
Power Rangers doesn't quite pull off everything it wants to, but it's a fun time at the theater nonetheless.
Hope you take your Zords with a large helping of cheese.
A mega-budget reboot that's embarrassed of the TV show it's bringing to the big screen.
A campy yet enjoyable romp that honors its roots while carving out a place for this charismatic new generation of heroes that should make longtime fans and newcomers proud.
It's hard to take even semi-seriously a pricey romp where the villain is named Rita Repulsa.
At its best, 'Power Rangers' is a throwback to a time when getting a darker, more serious big-budget feature based on your favorite kid-friendly property, one that felt like a real film, was a rare and splendored thing.
A teen group therapy session disguised as a superhero movie, "Power Rangers" is numbingly predictable and cynically made, recycling myriad blockbuster tropes but draining their adolescent pleasures in the process.
The characters in "Power Rangers" have all the depth and idiosyncrasy of walking talking robo-teen action figures.
Israelite ... orchestrates a vastly more complex array of characters, action set pieces and technical resources for a combined effect that maintains dramatic tension even while teetering on the brink of excess.
It packs enough zing to make you forgive the origin-story clichés. And the predictable save-the-world stuff. And the insanely ubiquitous product placement. (Whatever Krispy Kreme paid to be a plot point in this movie, they got their money's worth.)
Overall the film will be a big hit with the ten and under crowd. The thirty minutes of training montages and robotics are just exciting enough to detract from the weak storyline.

@highlight

Power Rangers has neither the campy fun of its TV predecessor nor the blockbuster action of its cinematic superhero competitors, and sadly never quite manages to shift into turbo for some good old-fashioned morphin time.