What a stunning and eerie film it is.
Why make a film about an unknown nanny from New York? The answer is because Vivian took photos that are as beautiful and powerful as those of any of the greatest photographers.
It is rare to find a documentary as beautifully weighted or that lives and breathes with as much spirit as this secret history. Essential viewing.
Deftly constructed and edited.
As the title of the film hints, Maloof's discovery is only half of the story -- and it's only half the fun.
Revealing documentary about an utterly inscrutable eccentric artist.
But perhaps the most compelling mystery of all: Why-except for a meagre attempt at selling her landscapes for postcards in Europe-did she never 'push' her art into the world?
An absorbing, fascinating and ethically complex film that questions whether an artist's personal life should be open for exploration.
This is a superb job of journalism by Maloof, who went to great lengths to bring us this story. Both the story of Vivian Maier and the images she created are fascinating.
The filmmakers have done a grand job of tracking down everyone who crossed paths with Maier, and their stories piece together a compelling portrait of a unique and vital talent.
Absolutely fascinating doco about the secret life of Vivian Maier, a plain-looking Chicago nanny who secretly took hundreds of thousands of street photographs during her life without telling or showing anyone.
This is a film that starts out being about an unknown artist and ends up being about something more complex and challenging: a person.
Driven by a genuinely consuming curiosity, taking delight in excavating hitherto unavailable information about a creative enigma whom, perhaps, would rather remain that way.
Maier's life tells us one thing: great photographers always show themselves in their work, even if they never show their work.
Whether or not you can justify viewing Maier's work without her consent, it's pretty clearly not okay to rummage through her personal life just to satisfy a tawdry curiosity.
A character study wrapped in a detective story that serves as a sly bit of self-promotion to boot.
Something of a revelation - or rather, a series of revelations - about a unique individual who collected wonderfully observed images of people on her camera as if to make up for not collecting any in her actual life.
Filled with wonderful examples of her art, alongside interviews with her former employers and the now-grown children once in her charge, the movie is a testimony to the value of Maier's work and to the unending strangeness of human personality.
A fascinating story which continues to raise more questions than it answers.
Finding Vivian Maier is a tantalising and utterly fascinating film but one which can't ever quite explain the mystery of Maier.
Finding Vivian Maier is not without its frustrations. And that, we suspect, is exactly what she would have wanted.
An extraordinary examination of a remarkable photographer, part portrait unraveled by meticulous detective work, part sharp criticism of the hidebound art establishment.
A strangely haunting tale of a life quietly slipping away unnoticed.
Despite its flaws, the film should be seen, if only for the chance to experience Maier's stunning photographs.
Finding Vivian Maier is one of those fascinating documentaries that unearths an unknown artist and in a slow reveal creates a tantalising and ambiguous picture of the "missing" person.
Although Ms Maier (or Ms Mayer, or Ms Meyer, or even Ms Smith, depending on what name she was using at the time) remains an enigma, there is still plenty in this film to keep you planted in your seat.
This is a fascinating study.
An intriguing look at a lost voice.
Downbeat and inconclusive, but likeable all the same.
The life intrigues; the art endures.
Nothing, and no one, makes a better case for the unveiling of Maier's work than her pictures themselves.
The film leaves some uncomfortable questions about the ethics of posthumous fame.
Something like a cross between Stories We Tell... and Frank... Finding Vivian Maier is an exquisite portrait of an almost-lost icon.
That Maier turned out to be a mystery woman who went to great lengths to conceal the details of her life only further motivated Maloof, and what he found makes for riveting viewing.
If only Maloof and Siskel had focused less on gossipy psychological guesswork, and more on Maier's art, this could've been a documentary worthy of its towering subject.
A good mystery tale to tell of a governess in the suburban Chicago area.
One of the first great documentaries of the year.
...a highly enjoyable film, but there's a voyeuristic edge to it that bothers me.
Examines the strange life of a gifted street photographer
As incredible as the photographs are and as intriguing as Maier's background is, the film left me feeling uneasy about the manner in which her life and work is being exploited.
Who doesn't love a story about an undiscovered genius?
Every time one of her photos flashes on the screen, the woman's genius is undeniable.
Slickly shot and edited by Aaron Wickenden, its more than 40 amazingly forthcoming interview subjects include acclaimed photographers Joel Meyerwitz and Mary Ellen Mark.
A portrait of an American artist hiding in plain sight, a mystery with too few clues, and a sincere inquiry into how best to divine the wishes of the dead.
This must-see but ultimately problematic film offers a portrait of a truly rare figure: a modern master who escapes obscurity by chance, while also being guilty of mythmaking.
If nothing else, "Finding Vivian Maier" urges us not to hide our own lights under a bushel.
There are no easy answers here which is what makes 'Finding Vivian Maier' such a compelling film.
A film that leaves a large part of its subject's mystery gratifyingly intact.
Takes form as both an unfolding mystery and a portrait of an artist's mind (often a terrifying and fascinating place).
A filmmaker's labor of love about a woman whose oddly secretive artistic career seems to have been a labor of love as well.
The holes in the story are papered over with such beautiful photographs that few viewers could complain.
Hers is a sad story, but the fact that she never received recognition during her lifetime isn't part of its sadness.
Finding Vivian Maier is an intriguing study of Vivian Maier -- a woman who was part artist and part dumpster diver.
A penetrating exploration of the link between art and obsession and a major discovery of a 20th-century master.
Maier had that unique ability to capture, in an image, an entire world, one that takes far more than a thousand words to tell.
This is an amazing tale, and Maloof has labored mightily to flesh it out. He's almost as odd as Maier was.
Through dogged research and interviews with the (now-grown) children Maier cared for, along with their parents (including Phil Donahue), a profile emerges, and it's fascinating.
It's a useful introduction to Maier's professional achievements, but the film really stands out thanks to the exhaustive interviews.
Will open your eyes to a rare talent.
The movie illustrates that baffling conundrum of the difference between great works of art and an artist with a seriously flawed character.
Finding Vivian Maier is a find in more ways than one.
The film functions best as an introduction to her work, which is what matters, and an invitation to see more of it, which is highly recommended.
Maier's work, interspersed throughout the film, lets us hear her voice: an array of faces gazing at us, meeting her camera, creating a tiny moment in time.
This may be the most pleasurable 83 minutes you will spend in a theater this year.
Is Maloof a guardian of art or an opportunist? Finding Vivian Maier makes a case for both arguments, concluding the documentary on a sour note of manipulation.
More connect-the-dots detective thriller than traditional doc, John Maloof and Charlie Siskel's revelatory riddle of a film unmasks a brilliant photographer who hid in plain sight for decades
Not a composition of the late, secretive Chicago photographer Vivian Maier is askew or amiss in her vast, breathtaking, even thrilling body of street photography, of which the public has only glimpsed the tip of the iceberg.
Everyone loves a mystery and Maloof has presented one, doggedly following leads to create an artful portrait in half shadow.
Is it possible to love the art but disagree with the way it's presented?
Directors John Maloof and Charlie Siskel do a lot with what they have -- but they also had a lot to work with.
The portrait Maloof and Siskel assemble here from the scant information available suggests that her fanatical privacy was the darkroom in which her distinctive artistic personality was developed.
The movie does nearly everything right in its chosen, compact, 83-minute form.
Finding Vivian Maier treats Maier's background as a puzzle that doubles as self-promotion, supporting her photographs with an amazing story that gives them context-and [...] stokes more interest in her work.
An unlikely tale, well told.
Maloof's vibrancy and wide-eyed curiosity for Vivian's work is incredibly affecting and pierces through the screen.
Maier may not have been pleased that the world now knows about her, but "Finding Vivian Maier" persuasively argues that the world of photography is the better for it.
Most revealing are the interviews with the now-grown kids who were in Maier's care, who accompanied her as she made trips from their suburban homes to often-dodgy areas of Chicago so she could take photos.
Maloof and co-director Charlie Siskel peel back her layers, allowing us to see where her creative universe came from, how she functioned, what she made.
Maier is a great artist who discounted adulation entirely. Her life was a masquerade; her genius, quite literally, was unexposed.
Completely captivating doc about the most undiscovered of real artists
A self-styled outsider artist comes into focus in Finding Vivian Maier, a striking documentary undertaken after one of its directors bought a nondescript box of photo negatives at a garage sale.
Several self-photos (not to be confused with selfies), the stills included in 'Finding Vivian Maier' are indeed electric.
Self-taught and roaming free in the city, Vivian Maier captured the remarkable in the ordinary.
What we find out about Maier, revealed in self-portraits as a striking woman with a singular sense of self, is fascinating.
An exciting electric current of discovery runs through "Finding Vivian Maier," a documentary about a street photographer who never exhibited her work.
This consistently intriguing doc reveals a woman who was eccentric, abrasive and soulful. Maier may still be an enigma, but those riddles have now been developed into a fascinating picture.
The movie's true power comes from her images, by turns melancholy, sympathetic, funny and sharp.
This is less a portrait of an artist as a young woman than a psychological evaluation of a slippery subject.
Was she the Emily Dickinson of photos or the anti-Mary Poppins? This fascinating film reveals a lot about Maier's rich photos & glimpses at her bizarre, hidden personality.
Maloof (a very aggravating onscreen presence) tries way too hard to force Maier's genius down our throat: His outrage at the snootily dismissive art-world establishment, however genuine, comes off like a childish tantrum.
Haunting and powerful despite its boilerplate documentary form ...
A documentary about the reclusive photographer Vivian Maier that is a bit weird and wonderful.
An aptly obsessive study of obsession.
A sleekly assembled and intriguing project, if clearly a very commercial proposition.
A penetrating doc about a photographer who became a celebrity only after her death.

@highlight

Narratively gripping, visually striking, and ultimately thought-provoking, Finding Vivian Maier shines an overdue spotlight on its subject's long-hidden brilliance.