The pace is slow, the story sometimes as confused as the characters' individual motivations, and any intended satire gets lost amid both the unpleasantness and visual excess.
There is a lot to dazzle in High-Rise, and some very good performances to enjoy, but there's also a bit of an "emperor without clothes" feeling.
[High-Rise] is a dispassionate study of the human animal in all its perversity and pride, presiding over the rubble as all around him the future goes up in smoke.
High-Rise has no shortage of vivid images to tempt the eager filmmaker, from a ransacked supermarket to an Afghan hound floating dead in a swimming pool. What's harder to convey is that distinctive Ballardian tone.
It would be one thing if Laing's discoveries led him to some sort of action. But he's happy to embrace the 'weird hierarchy' of the status quo.
High-Rise often feels cluttered and untidy, as disordered as the high rise itself becomes over time.
High-Rise is probably easier to like if you haven't read J.G. Ballard's novel: you won't know it's missing 95% of his ideas.
High-Rise is just about the looniest garbage I have seen in a long while.
It may be Wheatley's least accessible film to date - and also his best.
High-Rise's rushed, unfocused narrative renders this more an admirable failure than a subversive cult classic in waiting.
This dystopian, apocalyptic tale of the downfall of civilization is set in a high rise apartment building. This can be viewed as a very dark comedy about how quickly society can break down, and how much fun that could be.
It's one of those works of futurism that seems simultaneously very prescient in its time, and slightly dated in ours. It underscores its points with a yellow highlighter.
Incoherent, pretentious and painfully self-indulgent.
Wheatley also tends to focus on style at the expense of a narrative that doesn't feel like a steady decline so much as it lurches and spasms toward the breakdown of society. This tends to make the point lost.
In High-Rise the fitfully brilliant Briton Ben Wheatley, with writing partner Amy Jump, seizes what seems a perfect-fitting text -- JG Ballard's dystopian novel High-Rise -- and makes an omnishambles of it.
High-Rise refuses to let us off with a whiff of revolutionary outrage when a truckload is so easy to dump off.
The synthetic feel of the piece becomes more and more prominent the more things deteriorate.
For the risks Wheatley takes, you should see it. It may be a very mixed bag -- no impediment for cult status, of course -- but High-Rise does feel like the ragged movie Britain deserves at this self-flagellating austerity moment.
Few of [JG Ballard's] books make natural movies, partly because Ballard is not remotely interested in drawing the line between what is real and what isn't.
Despite such loss of momentum, there are many moments of utter manic joy and the score by Clint Mansell is superb.
While every member of this team has given their best effort to redeem this as something essentially and necessarily cinematic, I really don't know that they got there.
Oh, I just love the casting of this film.
Wheatley's camera repeatedly dollies in towards Laing, as if pursuing something it can't catch, and that forlorn quest is an elevator ride to the top of High-Rise that never arrives.
It is chaotic and crazy, shambolic and discombobulating, all elements of the novel but not necessarily of coherent filmmaking.
All of you out there stuck living in cramped apartments should adore it -- but please, don't go getting any ideas.
It's a very British subject, this obsession with class differences and class warfare, but Wheatley's compelling handling of the material -- though criticised in some quarters for its deliberately alienating elements -- seems on the mark.
Collet-Serra seems as transfixed by the landscape as he is by Lively's presence, suggesting a continuity between humanity and the natural world.
It's meant to leave a bad taste and it does. High-Rise is an effective adaptation of a classic dystopian novel that no longer seems like science fiction.
It's also a touch overlong and indulgent in the back half... But it is bold filmmaking, taking on a source material as difficult as Ballard's novel, and makes a decent go of building this ghoulish world so close to our own.
As a character-driven exploration of societal collapse and the anarchy that always follows, High-Rise is captivating work from Wheatley, whose sublime, darkly comedic tongue remains firmly planted in his cheek throughout his latest film.
I haven't read the book, but if the film is anything to go by, it is rather pretentious and un-engaging
The film offers some interesting ideas about society, sex and paranoia, but is style-heavy
Characters you don't buy do things you don't believe for reasons you're not given.
The intellectual subtleties of Ballard's book are rendered too obvious on the big screen, and it all deteriorates into an exercise in British misery and nastiness.
Wheatley's creation of a world within a world is superb and High-Rise's production design puts many of the Hollywood blockbusters to shame. Immersion in these surroundings is absolute, with the building as much of a character as Hiddleston and co.
Does an injustice to the well-written sublime cult book.
High-Rise is a bit of a mess, bloated and meandering. As far as meandering, bloated messes go, however, High-Rise has its moments.
Metropolis comes to the big city in this pot boiler about a social crucible in melt down.
Superb performances from the fittingly eclectic array of actors. Ballard would be proud.
Some of the scenes are eye-popping...
Adapted from J.G. Ballard's 1975 cult favorite novel, the movie starts well, but as the story descends into chaos, the film follows, losing the thread of what it wants to say and why we should care.
A great cast, beautiful soundtrack and a visual charm that is unlike anything you've seen before. [Full review in Spanish]
Often feels like a thought experiment gone awry.
High-Rise is a competent adaptation, but it exhibits a lifelessness unsettlingly close to Ballard's worst dystopian pronouncement of late capitalism: its thorough boredom.
Ben Wheatley is a filmmaker that rails against a passive viewing experience; forcing the audience to unpack and study every frame of the his constantly intriguing enigma.
High-Rise is not a backward-facing period piece, nor a glimpse into the future; it is a sobering look into a recognizable present, and that's what makes the film a worthy adaptation of a literary master.
What begins as a brash cinematic statement loses steam, focus and the flair that makes the first half of this movie so alluring. High-Rise falls disappointingly short of its lofty ambition.
A brilliant metaphor about our sociopolitical and economical system. Marvelous! [Full review in Spanish]
An impeccable production with a well-structured script and great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the worst, most annoying films ever made...
Ror all the radical intentions of High-Rise, its pleasures are decidedly nostalgic for anyone who wistfully recalls the Hollywood renaissance of the 1970s.
Captures human degradation in style with a sly, twisted grin.
The dystopian thriller High-Rise is a limp exercise in social satire that strands a talented cast on the upper floors.
Human nature has never looked so real and so rancid, but Wheatley handles it all without gloves and traps us inside this aggregate concrete nightmare until we surrender to the vertiginous chaos, and accept the unflattering reflection.
High-Rise may be an apt allegory for the devolution of our collective humanity, but it offers no substitution. The film, which exists only as an idea, drifts through our imagination untethered to reality.
Sometimes a filmmaker's perception of a story's value strays so far from the original that it transmogrifies into something unremarkable, confusing, or dissatisfying.
...likely one of the best vile and repulsive experiences to be had in our metroplexes that are sadly clogged with the latest bloated comic book adaptations.
High-Rise switches genres effortlessly - black humour one moment, dystopic parable the next - until it becomes its own singular, horrifying, immensely captivating thing.
The result is a cinematic experience without comparison with the rest of the films of this year. [Full review in Spanish]
With great conscience of its capabilities, humor and true elegance, rawness and floweing narrative, it shows us that the frontier between a potential fictional future and a murky present is as delicate as it is possible. [Full review in Spanish]
Ben Wheatley's High-Rise bowdlerizes a queasily mesmerizing piece of fiction into dystopian nostalgia; apparently even the apocalypses were sexier in the 1970s.
No matter how much one shades the characters, though, High-Rise defies adaptation because the most vivid character is the building itself.
There is a goldmine of rich material here, all beautifully shot, but fatally lacking in focus or momentum.
It could take decades for critics and audiences to appreciate whatever genius lurks behind the chaos, but for the time being, it seems like little more than madness.
High-Rise is a bit of a mess. But that is part of the charm.
A true love-it-or-hate-it proposition as decadent and unhinged as the behaviour it depicts.
Hiddleston is distressingly effective as a doctor who was already a little unbalanced before his neighbours go all Lord Of The Flies. And as an alpha-male resident, Luke Evans barrels straight over the top and never looks back.
A film more pretentious than deep , and more presumptuous than lucid. [Full review in Spanish]
Bizarre and weird, disturbing and brutal, a film in the vein of Brazil, A clockwork Orange and Snowpiercer that still mages to keep the director's trademark intact. [Full review in Spanish]
High-Rise is full of beautiful images, hair raising chapters, and a genuinely claustrophobic and decadent atmosphere. [Full review in Spanish]
A steady hand on the camera helps us undertand the chais we have on screen, and I'm thankful that he doesn't apply cheap resources. [Full review in Spanish]
For those unfamiliar with the directors work, I hope this mess of a film doesn't veer you away from those other ones. [Full review in Spanish]
Wheatly is an ambitious and talented director that has proven his skill... but his vision is overshadowed by a miriad of subplots, making this film a minor one in his filmography. [Full review in Spanish]
The resulting violence, along with the rot and decay it triggers, lacks any meaning, and frankly feels cliched. ... The acting and production design, however, are first rate.
Ben Whetley transforms J.G. Ballard into a prphet of our times with this monumental and disturbing film. [Full review in Spanish]
A great and mysterious blend of Clockwork Orange and The Exterminating Angel. [Full review in Spanish]
A great but completely pessimist film. [Full review in Spanish]
Ben Wheatley's adaptation stands out because of the efficient way sophistication and brutality the building's residents live in is portrayed, as well as amazing performances by Tom Hiddleston and Jeremy Irons. [Full review in Spanish]
High-Rise puts an end to any sense of utopia, stability or pursuit of happiness sticking to reality rather than fantasy: this is a neo realist film about the contemporary fantasies. [Full review in Spanish]
A sophisticated and insane cinematic spectacle. [Full review in Spanish]
Ben Wheatley's newest film is a repulsive, structureless, obscenity of a film that would rather glorify hyper-violence, sexual assault and mayhem then tell a comprehensible story.
First rate cast and material add up to very little. A misfire.
High-Rise is borderline incomprehensible, not because it's complex, but because it's a jumble.
Director Ben Wheatley ("Kill List") is masterful with arresting imagery set in a dystopian spin on the '70s; less so with a compelling narrative.
Trivial, mundane and senseless, "High-Rise" is a pretentious slog!
"High-Rise" is a puzzling debacle of debauchery that is showcased on many levels. If this constitutes entertainment at the movies, count me out.
Wheatley succeeds in preserving the kaleidoscopic horror-show genius of Ballard.
I soon found myself wanting to wash off the modernist stench of Wheatley's world. And yet it's entrancing all the same, so much so that like Laing and his fellows, I had no desire to leave the high-rise.
In a way, it's almost impressive -- how the movie swings around its allegory like one of those big cartoon mallets yet fails to hit any of its barn-wall-sized targets.
High-Rise doesn't shock at all. And if its message about elitism, isolation, the decadence of capitalism, and the phony pursuits of the bourgeoisie still rings true - well, sure, what else is new?
Just realistic enough to be harrowing, just fantastical enough to be fascinating, just nasty enough to have you looking for the building's emergency exit now and then.
This is a movie of observation, not annihilation, and its exploratory qualities are coupled with Wheatley's heightened craft -- plus a side helping of gallows humor.
The level of disorder prevents the film from gaining any perceptible momentum, and the result is one of Wheatley's most tedious efforts.
Great cinematography and music. Recomendable, but get your stomach ready. [Full review in Spanish]
Onscreen, "High-Rise" is curiously inert. The themes don't resonate, and the story lags and lumbers.
High-Rise is a deeply and relentlessly unpleasant experience, and a borderline incoherent one at that.
High-Rise keeps hammering home the same points, and not even the wealth of strong performances from Hiddleston, Miller and Irons are enough to salvage the day.
With characters that lack dimension and no hook for the action, High-Rise becomes repetitive shtick that moves from one meticulously staged event to the next.
In order to tell this ultraviolence and sex story, Wheatley makes use of the teachings of the masters of those areas: the antihuman precision of Kubrick and the ghostly and haunting imagery of Terry Gilliam. [Full review in Spanish]
Wheatley renders this breakdown of civilization in jaunty montages of assaults, orgies, murders, and mounds of garbage, images backed by music ranging from Portishead to Bach's Brandenburg Concertos.
Close to unwatchable... and then it just becomes intolerable and offensive
One of the two very smart things that the film does is to keep the original 1975 setting, as the story would have been altered far too much to be set in the digital age.
There are certain movies that you really want to like based on their ambition, or their weirdness, or their ambitious weirdness, and ultimately you just can't. Ben Wheatley's High-Rise is one of those movies.
The film is a journey to madness, anarchy, moral degradation, phsyical and social. [Full review in Spanish]
Wheatley and screenwriter Amy Jump (his wife) have energized J.G. Ballard's parable of class warfare with a daring approach that will touch a nerve or have you bolting for the exits.
For every sharp stick jab of satire, Wheatley provides needless excess, clinging tight to repetitive helming habits that ultimately drown out the material's war cry.
It's an interesting experiment in bemused, ironic entropy, provided you can suspend disbelief start to finish and keep your last meal in your abdomen.
A trash wallow in sex, nudity, violence, cruelty to animals and the skewering of contemporary society ...
Tom Hiddleston's Dr. Robert Laing isn't so much a character as a machine part.
The movie retains Ballard's not-uncheerful mordancy, and brings home his conviction that what we convince ourselves to be the best of all doesn't need much of a tilt to become the absolute worst.
Though it's set in the past, the future is bleak for the residents of the "High-Rise." As oddly prescient as the source material is, let's just hope our own is brighter.
It has the right look. It has the right sound. But the overly frantic editing job on "High-Rise," a film adaptation of J.G. Ballard's 1975 dystopian satire, may leave some viewers scratching their heads.
The best disappointing movie you will see all year.
As in Ballard's novel, the building isn't just a dystopian microcosm of alienation and stratification, with the wealthiest living at the top. It also seems to create a new reality of its own ...
You go with it; it's potent and alluring in its visions of Brutalist excess.
"High-Rise" is a stubborn, incoherent wreck of a movie, and I mean that as fairly high praise. You won't follow everything that happens, but you may feel weirdly at home.
A mad, decadent, productively exhausting, darkly funny but sometimes overly literal interpretation
Fitted three-piece suits, shagadelic furnishings and a Moog-saturated score by Clint Mansell make the whole film feel like a Pink Floyd album cover come to life.
A self-indulgent muddle. Audiences will be hard-pressed to comprehend the characters, or even follow the plot.
The film doesn't do much more than dramatize the tableaux of bedlam and rot laid out in the source text, neglecting its "inner space," which Ballard defined as "the internal landscape of tomorrow that is a transmuted image of the past."
Ripe with sordid beauty even in its tumults of violence... firmly demarcated by the 1970s, the time [of Ballard's novel], not our world, and yet wholly ours, a place of privilege and brutality where idle hands form fists or readily take up weaponry.
High-Rise works thanks to an unsettling and relevant story. [Full review in Spanish]
A muddle of mayhem.
This is Wheatley's most challenging, ambitious and, ultimately affecting film to date.
"Society doesn't come undone as much as it artfully spasms."
Gorgeous but garbled.
The film reaches the highest narrative pace during it's first minutes, and for a two hour film, it's no easy task to maintain it like it does. [Full review in Spanish]
Part of the problem is that the characters feel like cartoons, but have just enough psychological realism to keep their inexplicable behavior frustrating, rather than intriguing
...pulls back the skin of civilization with glee. But all it seems to know to do afterward is play with the blood and gristle.
Many of his visuals recall Kubrick...yet the film has the surrealist tone of Buñuel.
a full-throttle screed told with an elegant economy and a great deal of style that does nothing to detract from its considerable substance.
Unlike the French Revolution, the film ends with a bang AND a whimper...
If you can get past the nihilism and poor treatment of animals, the film has plentiful pleasures including a smart performance from Hiddleston and rich filmmaking from every department.
A tour-de-force of visceral imagery and subtext, High-Rise is pulverizing, powerful, and brazenly idiosyncratic, in a style that's gloriously rare, especially for modern cinema.
An ambitious anti-capitalist cartoon...
Hiddleston's combination of placid calm and seething, hidden rage gives it all an anchor. He isn't exactly accessible, or sympathetic. But he gives the film a memorable central character.
[The film] isn't unlike the titular building itself: it looks great on the surface, but the deeper you dig, the more problems you uncover.
This "High-Rise" is a scathing, intoxicating visual and auditory experience, the most truthful and most powerful Ballard adaptation we've ever seen, or are likely to.
A nasty bit of business, and there are spots where it feels less like he's telling a story than rubbing our noses in it. But it doesn't pull its punches or make any apologies.
The film's notion of a caste system is crudely reductive in the manner of a routine future-shock thriller.
The first forty minutes or so of High-Rise are stylish, unsettling, and grimly witty. But then Wheatley abruptly changes gears...
After a string of award-winning arthouse hits like Kill List and A Field in England, director Ben Wheatley and writer Amy Jump stumble with this adaptation of the 1970s J.G. Ballard novel.
In a blockbuster-driven environment, don't expect this to hang around cinemas too long, so get in quickly and see it -- it has cult classic written all over it.
Intellectually ambitious, but obvious and somewhat dated cautionary sci-fi dystopia
High-Rise explodes in an ill-disciplined orgy of mayhem late on which reminded me of Ken Russell at his worst. Interesting film, though.
Although a couple of performances are overcooked, all in all this is an engaging and stunning watch.
It becomes tedious and there is simply no dramatic impulse. It's a show, an installation almost, rather than a movie, a vision better conveyed in Ballard's own hypnotic prose.
I was expecting to feel many things watching director Ben Wheatley's adaptation of JG Ballard's novel High-Rise: shock, outrage, disgust, hilarity, exhilaration. What I did not expect was boredom.
Lord Of The Flies meets The Towering Inferno in a chilling, thought-provoking work that is definitely not for all tastes.
A step up from the anarchic experiments of his previous works, High-Rise sees Wheatley coming into his own as a director in complete control of his environment.
The grotesquery it offers plays in the shadow of the new communities being erected in front of your very eyes.
Propelling us from one shag-pile, Silk-Cut orgy to the next, High Rise becomes the film people who don't like Ken Russell describe when they explain why they don't like Ken Russell.
High-Rise is a highly sexy and violent look through a distorting lens at both that familiar past, and the way we live now.
[High-Rise] is visionary film-making, wildly ambitious, very caustic and hitting the bull's eye of almost every target in its sights.
High-Rise manages to be a work of towering insanity and a searing comment on the decadence of present-day London. Rarely is a period film so of the moment.
A wonderfully weird oddity with moments of genius, just not quite enough of them.
This is an arch, icy film whose visuals more than once recall the tonal styles of Stanley Kubrick - but it's also a movie that seems to take pleasure in distancing itself from its audience.
Anyone who likes a story told the conventional way, with a beginning, middle and end, should approach High-Rise with low expectations.
The story becomes increasingly messy and disjointed. It's hard to care about any of the characters ...
This is impressive, hilarious, uncompromising filmmaking.
Don't expect a thriller in the seat-edge sense, but you will be thrilled - and repulsed - by this bold, faithful adaptation of Ballard's ever-prescient picture of First World strife.
Ballard's concept is meticulously, lovingly recreated, like a museum exhibit of itself. But the tone is always more playful than it is disturbing, a walled-off black joke which opts out of saying anything new.
Uncompromising, exceptionally bleak and shot through with dark humour, this is an extraordinary piece of work that shows Wheatley at the very top of his game.
Wheatley may lack Ballard's satirical edge -- the issues of class that percolate the novel have been sidelined, for instance -- but his devilish glee is infectious.
It is deeply unpleasant, if not deeply, deeply unpleasant. (Ideally, I would wish to repeat 'deeply' several hundred times, but I do not have the space.)
A multi-level blueprint of the UK's class politics, exposing the delirious ruins of Thatcher's utopian enterprise.
It's the social-surrealist film of the year.
I'm amazed that what has finally emerged is this successful in capturing the flavour of the book, or at least a warped and woozy hybrid of Ballard and director Ben Wheatley/writer Amy Jump's sensibilities.
Tom Hiddleston is remarkable: effortlessly, accidentally handsome, deftly demonstrating his striking talent to say so much with so little.
Wheatley, Jump, Hiddleston and co occupy Ballard's towering inferno with brazen style. If the plot wobbles precipitously, chalk it up to the high-rise ambition of a genuinely wayward Brit-film one-off.
It often looks great but an enjoyable first half gives way to a dull and dragging second half, due to the film's lack of focus and drive. There are things to admire and enjoy but High-Rise can't help but be a bit of a disappointment.
'High-Rise' is a film that goes from good to worse and ends up being frustrating because of how it prioritize style over substance. [Full Review in Spanish]
High-Rise is a welcome, hallucinogenic-laced shot of adrenaline in the arm.
High Rise might be considered an uncomfortable film by some purists, but the sincerity in its argument and main characteres give it a sort of veracity despite its inherent implausibility. [Full Review in Spanish]
Dense, wild, hilarious, timelessly prescient, and a feast for eyes and ears. I'm not sure ten viewings would be enough to even start recognizing each detail.
Supposedly set in the 1970s, this tale of class war subjugates the alienation and savage bite of Ballard's book and relies too heavily on montage to drive its story forward.
Ben Wheatley takes on J.G. Ballard, and it's a frustrating experience: visually striking but far too literal while aiming for the allegorical.
It's not easy to make a well-shaped narrative film from Ballard, and High-Rise does indeed run out of steam in the second half-and then gets it right back again in a beautifully gauged finale.
Hints at going in a Clockwork Orange direction before Wheatley loses formal control in parallel to his characters.
I f**king love Ben Wheatley.
High-Rise is a feast of human depravity, flecked with blood, guts and filmmaking genius.
This gruesome, scabrously funny and bold adaptation is most definitely worth taking a chance on.
Does a remarkable job of bringing a fascinating, difficult novel to the big screen.
Laing could've been unlikeable and unsympathetic in anyone else's hands, especially as things escalate, but Hiddleston's innate charm gives the film license to get ugly without losing the audience. Laing is Hiddleston's best work to date.
High-Rise is an incredibly funny and absurd look at class, blind consumerism, and the destabilization of community.
High-Rise is artfully sophisticated madness - barbarism of the highest order, if you will. Wheatley has an eye for regal destruction, as we watch society crumble one floor at a time.
Subtlety is not High-Rise's game, but it doesn't even give you credit for having watched the movie they just made. Right before the credits roll, it actually features a historical radio broadcast blatantly stating the film's theme.
Wheatley has crafted a visually singular world by using elements from different periods, but the point he ends up making is too simplistic and clichéd to justify the off-putting redundancies.
The withholding nature of the movie and its indifference to the fate of the characters creates a barrier that makes it difficult for the audience to share in the mayhem.
JG Ballard's 1975 novel High Rise finally makes it to the screen and the prescient brilliance of Ballard's vision is undimmed after 40 years and is ably served by director Ben Wheatley.
High-Rise's wild descent into dog-eating degradation is an imperfect ride, with Wheatley gleefully bringing almost as much anarchy to his direction as his characters bring to their residence.
Divisive, challenging and clever. Ben Wheately's take on J.G Ballard's is not for all tastes, but may well bear the mark of a future cult classic.
A complex, fluid interpretation which is respectful and almost-faithful while still being its own beautiful, crazed beast.

@highlight

High-Rise may not quite live up to its classic source material, but it still offers an energetic, well-acted, and thought-provoking take on its timely socioeconomic themes.