This early-days biopic isn't quite as good as the Bryan Cranston film All the Way but, along with Tom Wilkinson's performance in Selma, it continues Hollywood's crusade of recasting LBJ's public image.
While the shooting of JFK is the dark shadow of this movie, what unfolds on screen is less about the 35th president than the man who replaced him.
[Woody] Harrelson gives an impressionistic performance. He doesn't look much like LBJ, even after the make-up, nor can he bring his voice to the same low register, but he understands the coyote cunning of the man.
An odd, stilted affair with a curiously distanced feel.
...LBJ moves at a fast, highly entertaining clip...
When the film isn't cracking jokes the film explores Johnson's desire to be liked by the public and fears of rejection but doesn't go far enough to ensure compelling results
A middle-of-the-road yet somewhat entertaining drama...
Woody Harrelson delivers a powerhouse performance in this straightforward, solid political drama.
... a consistently compelling history lesson, which puts the spotlight on a man forced to navigate the country through one of the most pivotal periods of the last century.
Sincere in its duty but concerned in its thought, LBJ ranks as an excellent adaptation of Johnson.
There is a richer film here than the generically-told one that Reiner gives us, despite Harrelson's plucky firebrand of a performance.
Woody Harrelson in the title role has enough spice to keep the viewer alert and attentive.
LBJ is a glass half-full of Texas moonshine.
Somehow, much of it makes for realistically poignant, political drama.
The best thing the director has going for him is his star, Woody Harrelson.
Texan Woody Harrelson of the fleet, trickster countenance is mudbound by his layers of facial appliances, nearly as dense, certainly as confining, as the cheeks of the Lady in the Radiator in Eraserhead .
If only the movie were as big, bold, and bombastic as the man it is about.
LBJ isn't a satire like Oliver Stone's serious lampoon of a political scion. It's something less - and weirder. . .This third-rate but expedient film regrets the decency we've lost and that Reiner is nostalgic for.
... Harrelson delivers an earnest portrait of a flawed but decent man... He keeps the movie vital. Unfortunately, he can't erase the problems of jumpy and frustratingly safe storytelling.
LBJ is condensed to a mere 96 minutes and, due to this, is rushed.
It's as workmanlike as Johnson was as a politician; but as a primer on one of history's less flashy leaders, it's a worthwhile watch - mostly for fellow Texan Woody Harrelson's committed performance behind those prosthetic ears.
As a thoughtful examination of the strengths and merits of a lesser-known public figure, and a lesson in the committed portrayal of such a figure, "LBJ" should merit consideration from both sides of the aisle.
Approaching this true story with his usual tendency toward lightness and simplicity (i.e. without complexity or nuance), director Rob Reiner takes a compassionate look at an unsung president.
Harrelson triumphs as under appreciated visionary U.S. President. Jennifer Jason Leigh a standout as Lady Bird.
... the movie's too conventional and too scattered to add anything of substance or interest to the Johnson story.
A great, award-worthy performance and some decent dialogue in an otherwise truncated feeling movie. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Captures a tumultuous political era and one of its most profanely colorful leaders with a good deal of insight and emotional torque.
Rob Reiner directs a high-achieving cast led by Woody Harrelson, who grabs his role as Lyndon Baines Johnson by the ears.
Harrelson gives it all he has as the gruff, emotionally needy and politically savvy successor to the matinee-idol commander-in-chief, John F. Kennedy.
Here, Reiner's more like an efficient ride operator, unconcerned about the clankiness of the machinery but certain you'll enjoy the stuff that's supposed to work.
The filmmakers pay close attention to period details - the reenactment of the assassination is spot-on realistic in look and feel - and the production captures the time.
It's a well-calibrated performance, with Harrelson convincingly conveying how Lyndon Johnson felt the weight of the world on his shoulders and took on that challenge in mostly admirable ways.
LBJ certainly isn't an examination of Johnson's effect on the political landscape of the United States ... and it offers little, if any, insight into the man himself.
Rob Reiner's film fails to do justice to both the man and the fraught times he so fundamentally influenced.
Harrelson disappears and reappears in the title role, hamstrung by an immovable neck prosthetic, but an almost unrecognizable Jennifer Jason Leigh wows as the loving, supportive Lady Bird.
The movie's ponderous re-enactment of history has the unfortunate effect of putting good actors in thankless roles, often under odd-looking prosthetics.
A fairly standard-issue political docu-drama that's likely to hold your interest without being especially enlightening or vivid.
An attentively presented but oddly unrewarding viewing experience despite a persuasive Woody Harrelson lead performance as Lyndon Baines Johnson.
This is definitely the wrong Commander In Chief to portray as an overgrown grumpy toddler, but that's how Joey Hartstone's simplistic script often characterizes him.
[LBJ] adds little to the cinematic understanding of Johnson's presidency already supplied.
Harrelson and Reiner have succeeded in creating the rare mature Hollywood political movie, exploring those qualities that make an effective president in his own era and those that come to define his legacy over decades.
It's solid political drama, but only solid. Nobody will lose any points with me for making a movie under two hours in this day and age, but LBJ could use a little more room.
Feels like an installment of a 1980s miniseries that's been preserved in amber rather than a complete and fulfilling production.
"LBJ" is a frustratingly underdeveloped vehicle for Mr. Harrelson's talents as well as an unfortunate missed opportunity.
It's not that Johnson isn't a compelling dramatic figure, but [Rob] Reiner's film is too broad and simplistic to capture why that is.
For all of its speechifying and heavy-handed attempts at framing history, LBJ doesn't deliver anything truly memorable to understanding history or its subject in any way.
No wonder the movie feels something like a retread: It gets you there, but the ride is neither nowhere as smooth, nor nearly as compelling
What you get is a straightfoward, frustratingly mild portrait of a big man who, in "Hamilton"-speak, wanted to be in the room where it happened, but who really just wanted to be loved and respected.
"LBJ" is a good story told badly, but a good story all the same.
It ultimately whittles a fascinating and flawed public figure down into a simplified hero of history.
Who could have guessed a rather straightforward, broadly told biopic of Lyndon Baines Johnson could be comforting? These are interesting times.
Directed by Rob Reiner from a screenplay by Joey Hartstone, the movie jumps around in time in a way that doesn't serve the story, and it feels caught between cynicism toward and valorization of Johnson.
As a depiction of an individual who put nation ahead of politics and self, "LBJ" is like the man himself - flawed but larger than life.
I'm guessing that, aside from the accent, Reiner cast Harrelson in order to capture the likeable side of the character: If only he had trusted his actor simply to act the part.
Harrelson embodies the Texan's endless drive, his careful craftiness - and his surprising, never-satisfied need for love.
Rob Reiner's latest is an awkward stylistic handshake.
A fascinating portrait, even if the movie, like the star cast in the title role, is a tad too short to do the subject justice.
An imbalance is created by the film's hard turn into social justice when its first two acts are more so centered around discourse and character.
[Woody] Harrelson, from a different part of Texas than Johnson, just nails this role, even if the makeup job is a bit jarring at first. You get used to it and completely succumb to Harrelson's talents in transforming into the 36th president
Hits career high points for both star Woody Harrelson and director Rob Reiner.
Harrelson shines in an incomplete biopic that would've been better as a miniseries, and, typical of Boomer filmmakers, is far too reverent to the usual JFK myths.
The movie is cheering, in its way, which is different from being good, exactly.
The political intricacies and hearty bluster of Rob Reiner's drama, about Lyndon Baines Johnson's accidental Presidency, help to overcome its wax-museum eeriness.
In a similar vein to "Lincoln," "LBJ" is as much a portrait of a president as it is a tutorial in how the business of government works. But the film ultimately feels like a safe history lesson rather than an inquiry or a revelation.
Harrelson gets close to the essence of this dynamic, irascible, essential figure, making the film a fine introduction to a president far more consequential than the man he succeeded.
What makes this a film worth paying for is the spectacularly good performance by fellow Texan Woody Harrelson as LBJ, a role he was born for.
Old-fashioned and archaic next to other movies about the same era, like JACKIE & ALL THE WAY.
Reiner takes a surprisingly playful, and comedically inclined approach to the feature.
LBJ is frequently funny, and although it fades fast at the end and proves almost stiflingly conventional... it's still a solid watch.
Woody Harrelson's hammy performance almost makes this biopic worth endorsing.
[Reiner] has a central performance to back him up, but fails to register many of the most compelling aspects of President Johnson's history.
So LBJ is very much a flawed movie, in the ways that almost all "important man" biopics tend to be.
The film around Harrelson is utterly undistinguished.
Strictly conventional, even down to the oft-used marching drums in the background, but it's solidly entertaining nonetheless ...
Absorbing if conventional.
Reiner has been around the block enough times to relish everything in Johnson that's rudely incorrect.

@highlight

LBJ loses sight of its complicated subject, ignoring the more intriguing aspects of his personality and career in favor of a frustratingly ordinary biopic treatment.