... wraps up the tale with more efficiency than excitement.
A two and a half hour film, the poor script, infrequent action scenes and unforgivably anti-climactic conclusion make it feel like its taking place in real time.
The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest doesn't exactly give the Millennium trilogy the explosive send-off it deserves, and stacked against the other two movies in the series, it's perhaps the weakest story of the three.
This film ends up being more of a courtroom drama, and yet it's almost as equally thrilling as the first film in the series.
Will make no sense to those who haven't seen the first two or read the books
Unlike its two predecessors, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest boasts a briskly-paced opening half hour that proves effective at immediately drawing the viewer into the movie...
They cannot overcome completely the redundant, static nature of much of the novel, but they put up a good fight.
For me the most deadening aspect of these films is the presence of Michael Nykvist as Blomqvist; he seems to have a personality by-pass, and remains expressionless at all times, no matter what's going on.
The best thing that can be said about the excruciatingly dull, badly made closing chapter in this punishingly bad Swedish crime trilogy is that it really whets the appetite for the upcoming American version.
Its seems as if the production has taken a bullet to the brain just like its heroine.
Seeing the first two films -- The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl Who Played with Fire -- will make the third film more satisfying.
While the least satisfying instalment in the trilogy, this still throbs with a slow-burning tension and provides an appropriate farewell to a compelling series.
It's a story with something to say and a powerful way of saying it
At 142 minutes, it's long with some confusion, but the luminous presence of its star Noomi Rapace makes it well worth the journey
Lisbeth Salander, played by Noomi Rapace, spends most of the story constrained -- first in the hospital, then in prison. What fun is that?
The third and final entry in Stieg Larsson's enormously successful series is perhaps the least thrilling, but it's easily the most satisfying.
Director Daniel Alfredson goes through the motions of the exposition-heavy plot with more efficiency than excitement...
Finale of dark subtitled Swedish trilogy still very violent.
Semi-satisfying, if you can keep up.
Lisbeth Salander remains the riveting centerpiece of the two films that follow on from Dragon Tattoo, but, alas, her continuing story has been winnowed down in a way that makes it -- and her -- feel smaller than before.
The gap between this and Dragon Tattoo is pretty big -- this won't be on my '10 Best' list and Tattoo might -- but as the rest of the story, it does nicely.
While the events are fascinating and entertaining, the film itself is less emotionally involving or viscerally thrilling.
Much of it still plays like bad Thomas Harris...
A pick-up after the second film, if not as assured as the first. Rapace sets a high watermark for Rooney Mara in David Fincher's remakes.
One final course of Europudding that may leave audiences feeling less satisfied than simply tired and bloated.
It's a brisk conspiracy thriller about the moral deformations wrought by Sweden's neutrality during the second world war and the cold war, and the role of leftwing journalists to bring out the truth from a labyrinth of national intrigue.
A more apt title would be 'The Girl Who Sat Quietly in a Dimly Lit Room'.
This is the most disappointing end to a trilogy since Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 3.
Anyone who has invested in the trilogy will savour the mixture of dread and anticipation as the cat-and-mouse game reaches a stirring conclusion.
A bunch of evil old men get their comeuppance in 'The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest,' but the girl who messes with their nest does hardly anything at all.
The third and worst of Stieg Larsson's trilogy is poorly directed, under-energised and unthrilling.
A compelling mix of 70s-style conspiracy thriller, courtroom procedural and psychological drama...
The powerful performances by the leads, unobtrusive direction that is exemplified in a beguiling courtroom clash, and Larsson's deftly interwoven fabric of treachery and compassion all ensure that we are left yearning for more.
As well as being conventional, The Girl Who Kicked is also confusing, dull and grubby (do we really need to see examples from a child-porn site?).
Is the Millennium Trilogy over? Can we go home?
The Girl Who Makes Us Wish We Were Anywhere Else.
The final film based on Stieg Larsson's bestselling thriller trilogy opens with a whimper but ends with a bang.
As ever, Rapace steals every scene she's in, maintaining Lisbeth's moody enigma whether she's lying on her sick bed, making a memorable court entrance in full punk regalia, or taking care of family business.
This remains watchable thanks to Nyqvist and Rapace but the lacklustre direction, lack of pace and bloated script ensure that it's closer to the mediocre nature of the second film than the brilliance of the first.
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest falls back on the formula which has brought the series this far, that is, inflicting trauma and abuse on Lisbeth.
...could be read as the passion of Lisbeth Salander, as she undergoes a kind of secular crucifixion at the hands of the Swedish establishment ...
Punk-Goth computer hacker Lisbeth Salander is such a fabulously spiky character ... that it's a crying shame her film adventures should conclude so limply.
At its conclusion you're nowhere near where you started, nor are you waiting for the twist to drag you back to the beginning to tie up all narrative threads in one neat bow.
It's enough to see Rapace's Salander smile, however tentatively, however briefly, however unlikely. Those white teeth framed by black-on-black everything? They bite.
The series is quite satisfying as a whole, in the manner of the type of well-made, limited-episode crime program that might appear on AMC or HBO.
Moves along at a brisk pace.
The Matrix: Revolutions of the Millennium Trilogy.
While Rapace remains a strong and captivating actress in the title role, the film is remarkably bad. In fact, it's easily one of the year's worst movies. Boring beyond belief.
The Millennium Trilogy follows a similar pattern as The Matrix Trilogy, and that's not a compliment.
The European equivalent of The Matrix Revolutions, this third chapter finds a once-vibrant saga largely coasting on the fumes of its well-regarded predecessors.
When your series' most compelling character remains mute and largely on the periphery of the action (albeit all decked out in punker regalia, including a big Mohawk), something is seriously amiss.
This 148-minute movie is best appreciated if you have already watched the first two movies or read the books. It is not intended to be a standalone film. Neophytes will find themselves lost and confused without sufficient background to fully appreciate...
Whatever its failings, Hornet's Nest allows us to say goodbye to beloved characters. That is, unless those rumors of a fourth Millennium book prove true.
Noomi Rapace's performance as the unforgettable Lisbeth is likely to stand as a landmark among the decade's films.
Noomi Rapace, once again, is superb as Lisbeth Salander ...
It's only our investment in these fascinating characters and in wholly unraveling the mystery of Lisbeth Salander's awful past that keep it compelling.
... a dull summation of the more compelling back story from the first two films.
The last of the iconic Larsson trilogy struggles to keep up the edge but is good entertainment nonetheless.
[M]ost deliciously realized is the fleshing out of the Cold Warriors in the Swedish intelligence service, whose plotting reaches into the hospital, the police, and the court.
At least it manages to avoid repeating the most tepid mistakes of its immediate predecessor.
Hornet's Nest has a steady, bulletlike trajectory.
Dull, disappointing, vengeance-filled conclusion to Stieg Larsson's intriguing Swedish crime trilogy.
It lacks a certain cinematic depth and scale, and plays out more like an epic episode of Law & Order. There are plenty of smart plot turns to follow, but at this length, the minutiae of the case begins to get a little tedious.
With its "Son of Frankenstein" climax, complete with shambling monster, murky pool, ropes, ladders and lofty ledges, "The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest" is a fitting conclusion to the Nordic saga of Goth heroine Lisbeth Salander.
Despite having less action and more talk than the first two thrillers in this trilogy, Noomi Rapace's acting and Jacob Groth's score enhance the tension.
Despite being packaged as a thriller, "Hornet's Nest" lacks the urgency and suspense of the previous films.
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is too akin to the tidying up of a television-series finale - albeit a very classy franchise with fine characters and able performances.
As the end credits of this last dour Swedish snooze-a-thon started rolling, I clapped my notebook shut as if it were the last day of school. Huzzah! Bring on David Fincher. Please.
If you haven't seen the first two films, do so and then see this one. If you have seen them, chances are you're already in the ticket line. Hornet's Nest has such a sweet sting.
Much of the problem can be traced to the villains of the piece: The snakes in the establishment are a bunch of really old white guys. Now this may be true to life, but it's hell on drama.
One of the knottiest, talkiest tangles of celluloid to roll into theaters this year.
The reason to see this film is (as always) Noomi Rapace, who has brought Lisbeth to life for fans of the Larsson trilogy. She and Annika Hallin, who plays her lawyer, are the main attractions here, gripping to watch.
Fans will presumably get what they came for; what anyone else gets out of it is hard to say.
Feels like the concluding chapter it is, with neatly tied loose ends and closing remarks, though it unfolds as something of a secular passion play.
'Hornet's Nest' wraps everything up in a nice bundle, even if it takes far too long to get going; the last two movies could have easily been condensed down into one stronger movie.
Note to self: when masterminding evil conspiracy with connections to high government offices, store incriminating documents on a laptop without a wireless modem.
The story grows thick with deadly assassins, bent medicos, excitable bikers, a considerable amount of courtroom cat-and-mousery, and a heavy-duty nail gun that's put to startlingly inventive use.
A trilogies' worth of seemingly disconnected characters and random plot points merge into an utterly satisfying climax.
The main thing that storyline reveals is that Steig Larsson's books simply aren't very well-plotted.
An overgenerous helping of recapitulation, a long procedural that's more about Lisbeth's persecutors and protectors than about her.
Expunging the clichés, coincidences, flat dialogue and dull exposition will present a challenge for director David Fincher as he begins to remake the films in Hollywood.
The final, deeply satisfying conclusion to the trilogy of Swedish thrillers based on Stieg Larsson's bestselling novels.
It's predominantly a court procedural and a very redundant one, since all we're doing is re-capping what happened in the first two films and waiting two and a half hours for the verdict.
There's simply no urgency to the proceedings.
Hornet's Nest proves that even foreign trilogies are not immune to the curse of the disappointing third film.
... not saying that this is bad film, it is just not nearly as intense and intriguing as you'd expect after watching the original.
Sometimes The Girl We Love is there, and other times the film chases bad guys who might as well be the bogeyman for all we care.
An extremely satisfying ending to the story of Lisbeth Salander, the tough Swedish cyber punk that actress Noomi Rapace has turned into an iconic New Age heroine.
It always is a challenge to convert a dense novel to the screen, but Hornet's Nest starts so slowly that it has a lot to overcome when it finally reveals some surprises in the last third of the film.
More than the other two, this is Rapace's movie; Michael Nyqvist's ever-rumpled Blomkvist has less to do, and their main scene together is just a tantalizing glimpse at the end; a brief, poignant reminder that we've come to the end of the road...
...seems like a teleplay, all talk and extreme closeups with exactly three action scenes in 148 minutes. Noomi Rapace does nothing but look remote...
Hornet's Nest is talky but indisputably terrific, and it ends in a dazzling display of courtroom fireworks. Rapace is hot stuff in any language. Oscar, take heed.
criers and the soft of heart need not apply
The film huffs and wheezes under the strain of its narrative baggage.
Although its procedural quality requires an acquaintance with the previous works, it neither refers to nor acknowledges them. Rather than refresh the mythology for new arrivals, it preaches to the converted.
Anyone who has read Larsson's novels will be sympathetic to filmmakers trying to pare down and distill these books.
A rousing, grueling, almost operatically scaled finale to the series.
As superb as the Swedish actress Noomi Rapace has been up to this point, there's nothing she can do to bring craft or excitement to the act of texting.
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest comes close to self-parody at times ... [but] the final chapter has its satisfying turns.
There was no chance that the film adaptation of the third book in Stieg Larsson's internationally bestselling Millennium trilogy would be as strong as the first.
Since the heroine spends half her screen time recovering from brain surgery, Rapace has less to do than in the first two movies, but she's striking in full punk regalia during a tense courtroom sequence.
Unlike The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which can stand on its own, the other two films need to be seen as a set. Neither is complete without the other.
Alfredson is merely interested in repeating the highlights, recreating the best moments of the book but also the worst, resulting in a film that hits with precision as often as it seems to drag endlessly.
Dark and glacially paced way to wrap up a trilogy
...something of a dull disappointment, but does ultimately bring the saga of epically abused computer genius Lisbeth Salander to a satisfying close.
It's a rather wobbly blend of courtroom drama and loose ends tied, albeit rather leisurely.
Reasonably satisfying, generating some genuine suspense on its way to a...conclusion in which the villains finally get what they deserve.
Who wants to spend most of a movie without its best character?
Usprkos toga to je Larsson i kod nas ario i palio po knjiarama, hrvatski distributeri dosad nisu imali razumijevanja za vedsku trilogiju
Lifeless, talky series wrap up that induces more of a sense of submission than finality, stumbling through a complicated terrain of exposition without a desirable wallop of blistering suspense.
Daniel Alfredson recaptures the provocative appeal of the superior first film (which he didn't direct) that was strangely missing from the second (which he did).
So what has happened is that this uptight, ferocious, little gamine Lisbeth has won our hearts, and we care about these stories and think there had better be more.
The ending at least offers some satisfying comeuppance, but it's a bit of a chore getting there.
Hornet's Nest isn't particularly stylish. Its allure lies with Salander, whose Mohawk, spiked dog collar and Goth makeup belie an introverted yet brilliant mind.
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is far less than The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, but it is superior to The Girl Who Played with Fire.
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is mostly an epic rehash of the tale Larsson has already told, and that makes it, at two hours and 28 minutes, the first movie in the series that never catches fire.
Lisbeth stuck in a confined space is like Superman trapped in a phone booth: It's a blueprint for a mighty boring superhero movie.
The last installment in the Millennium series of Swedish films reveals the dangers of zealots in high places of power and prestige.
The Swedish trilogy trundles to a wobbly finale that's heavy on plot and cheap theatrics, but light on the dark, mesmerizing energy that made the first film so watchable.
Nearly two and a half hours have been filled with the clickety-clack of laptops, extremely polite interrogations and the feverish researching of -- wait for it -- a multipage magazine article.
Is Lisbeth Salander the most fascinating female character of all time?...an outstanding underdog story, an exciting suspense tale and a thought-provoking legal thriller.
Like the first two Millennium movies, this final installment feels thoughtlessly put together, its script unpruned and rushed through, all to capitalize on the staggering worldwide popularity of its dead author.
I said hurrah for the books; I repeat it for the movies. And most of all, I say hurrah to Larsson for the extraordinary scope of his accomplishment and legacy.
Larsson is renowned for his attention to marginal details, which gives his prose a rambling, one-thing-after-another pace that many readers find soothing. Onscreen, the lack of acceleration makes for one of those long Scandinavian winter nights.
Where "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" had taught criss-crossing subplots of boundless significance, the final act of the trilogy is little more than a tepid courtroom drama with some willy-nilly spectacle thrown in for good measure.
Alfredson's empty aesthetics mimic Hollywood conventions but merely exacerbate the hollowness of this entire affair.
The widely anticipated, blazing climax of the Swedish trilogy.
Mostly talk and little action...Actress Noomi Rapace remains a strong presence as Lisbeth and is worthy of end-of-the-year awards consideration for her memorable work in the trilogy.
The movie features a great finish, where three movies' worth of subplots and characters dovetail into a breathtaking climax and final confrontation that is positively soul satisfying.
full review at Movies for the Masses

@highlight

Slow and mostly devoid of the stellar chemistry between its two leads, The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest is a disappointingly uneven conclusion to the Millennium trilogy.