Though it runs slow at times, Down To The Bone showed more the emotional dehabilitation rather than the obvious physical ware drugs took on a small town mom...
The movie boasts a fantastic performance by Vera Farmiga and an exceedingly unhappy storyline. It's a movie you "appreciate" more than you "enjoy."
The movie takes us down an unexpected path with riveting skill and a refreshing lack of easy answers.
The movie seems to be about drug addiction and recovery, but it gradually shifts, becoming a look from an unusual angle at what a big job it is to be a parent and the priorities it requires.
This downbeat story of blue-collar drug abuse becomes a moving portrait of people battling their inner demons, thanks to an outstanding acting ensemble.
Farmiga effectively shows the fear, need and hope at war within Irene, how the false high of being clean for a week can fade when she realizes the second week isn't going to be any easier.
Strong performances from Vera Farmiga and Hugh Dillon keep things from becoming overdramatic.
If there were an ounce of taste left in Hollywood, the magnificent Vera Farmiga would be a front-runner for the Best Actress Oscar.
The film is so pitch perfect and realistic, it seems you are there with these people, watching their lives unfold before you as it happens.
if you've ever wondered why people in 12-step programs aren't supposed to sleep together right off the bat, well, this movie is about to show you, in detail.
A quietly harrowing chronicle of addiction and fragile recovery anchored by Vera Farmiga's intense performance.
Vera Farmiga gives an astonishing performance in this complex chronicle of a drug addict who goes through rehab, yearning for redemption, but her experience is not tidy and there's no neat conclusion.
This marks [Farmiga's] arrival as One to Watch. See her here, and you can say you remember the early days.
Down to the Bone achieves what only the best independent films have: making life, at its most unvarnished, a journey.
Conventional movies, even independent ones, tend to get histrionic and judgmental about such drug-related setbacks. But Granik's film, though hardly a clinical case study, keeps a measured distance from the heavy-handed or simplistic.
... a harrowing character study.
[A] small, beautifully faceted gem.
... a stark, realistic portrait of a working-class mother in New York's depressed Ulster County as she tries to battle a drug habit.
Down to the Bone emerges with an aura of authenticity so strong as to be mesmerizing, thanks to a superior script brought to life with infallibly natural performances ...
Debra Granik's independent drama "Down to the Bone" builds with a strong, quiet intensity.
A glimpse into the private lives and dirty secrets of people trying to claw their way to a better place.
Unlike most movies about addictions, Down to the Bone doesn't follow the usual, comforting three-act structure -- social user develops a problem, user becomes a desperate addict, user finally gets some help.
Any sympathy developed for the characters quickly erodes as they continue to not only engage in self-destructive behavior but expose children to it.
You'll see relative unknown Farmiga deliver one of those subtle, controlled, humane performances that should win Oscars but never do because the Oscars are a lot of jive.
First-time feature director's disciplined objectivity is coupled with humanism in this collaboration with a gifted cast and cinematographer.
Quietly devastating.
a brave, elegantly filmed, treasure of perseverance
This film has an ear for the way moms talk to kids, a sensitivity to drug-sweetened intimacies, and an appreciation of the urgent nuance, not just the comedy, of recovery-speak.
A terrifically dark tale.
It's the opposite of most films about drugs vs. life because it puts life up front.
Granik gets a strong performance out of Farmiga, as she does from nearly the whole cast.
Whether you're ready for the ride depends on whether you're looking for traditional filmic fare, or whether you're in the mood to be dragged into the depths of depression.
Granik brings to her drama a clear-eyed realism as she charts one woman's descent into a drug-fueled purgatory.
For actress Vera Farmiga, Down to the Bone presents her with a breakout role.

@highlight

A vivid portrayal of the effects of drug abuse that avoids cinematic clichés, Down to the Bone is a winning effort that features Vera Farmiga's breakout performance.