This biopic of property magnate and pornographer Paul Raymond is mildly entertaining at times and does raise a few cheap chuckles, but it's as shallow as a Soho puddle after a spring shower.
It's a cracking true story and the cast, including an impossibly free-spirited and leggy Tamsin Egerton, are outstanding but beneath the smart one-liners, frustratingly little is laid bare.
If [Michael Winterbottom] wanted to drain the Soho smut industry of all nostalgic glamour and fun, then he's succeeded.
Coogan's own impersonation is precise, but the melancholy that finally engulfs Raymond is beyond him.
The Look of Love comes off as an extremely standard biopic that seems to have emerged directly from a template for such films...
Steve Coogan's fourth collaboration with director Michael Winterbottom is a funny, visually inventive take on Britain's Hugh Hefner.
Frankly, the guy just isn't very interesting.
Coogan is adept at playing the cad, but Winterbottom gives him little else to do.
Coogan never comes close to disappearing into the character, leaving the whole movie teetering uneasily between campy naughtiness and empathetic character study.
It's a case of "fourth time unlucky" for frequent collaborators Michael Winterbottom and Steve Coogan. Well, "uninspired" might be more accurate.
It's structured around the question, "What went wrong?" but we can guess the answer about five minutes into the film.
Groovy period soundtrack aside, "The Look of Love" has almost nothing to say of any interest, importance or humor.
U.K. man builds strip-club empire in tragic, mature biopic.
Double-billing comic and tragic tones, the biopic "The Look of Love" follows a father and a daughter over three decades in London's swinging Soho.
Director Michael Winterbottom and screenwriter Matt Greenhalgh provide the essential outline of Raymond's story, but they're a little too preoccupied with its glitzy aspects.
Maybe there was a time when just boobs and money were sufficient to entertain. Not anymore.
A character study that offers some of Steve Coogan's most interesting work and another testament to Michael Winterbottom's knack for period naturalism.
A puzzlingly misconceived biopic: a tasteful, subdued movie about a man who was as tasteless and unsubdued as they come.
The Look of Love is the latest and -- I'm sorry to report -- the least of Coogan and Winterbottom's team-ups.
Coogan turns in a fine dramatic performance in a role that calls for as much actual acting as wisecracking.
[Winterbottom] never really illuminates the man - or helps explain the fixed, intensely probing gaze of that title.
Compelling entertainment, as any biopic about Paul Raymond ought to be.
A keenly observed period piece that keeps a celebrity journalist's distance from its subject.
Not only is Coogan not pushing himself, he often seems barely engaged, playing Raymond as a man of less than life size.
A curiously uninvolving affair.
While stylishly capturing the verve, exotica, and free-spirited mojo of swinging '60s London, uber-prolific English director Michael Winterbottom's portrait of legendary U.K. smut impresario Paul Raymond is otherwise a shallow misfire.
With its softened edges, bland aftertaste, and watered-down distillation of Raymond's life and career, Michael Winterbottom's film represents the house champagne of biographical cinema.
Ultimately more compelling as a long, colorful look at Swinging London in the 1960s than as autobiographical drama.
Coogan's portrayal is heartfelt, but The Look of Love rarely exploits its star's comedic dexterity.
in tackling a fascinating character like Raymond, Coogan may have just turned him into another Steve Coogan character
Zippy and saturated with soft-core nudity, The Look of Love isn't hard to watch ...
The Look of Love stays on the surface, and since decadence no longer shocks or even titillates, that surface has lost its luster.
Raymond is an unrepentant, if awkward, ladies' man, and Coogan plays him to foot-in-mouth perfection.
In this light-hearted period biopic, a cool Steve Coogan brings a cheeky urbane swagger to his portrayal of Paul Raymond, the adult-entertainment entrepreneur who brought nude live shows and softcore pornography to the masses.
Winterbottom and Coogan redefined the modern biopic with 24 Hour Party People. Here, they try and squeeze themselves into an old-fashioned one, awkwardly.
Far from the swinging '60s or sleazy '70s so often portrayed with glee on screen, the London of Paul Raymond's world feels grim, dark and, ultimately, devoid of passion.
Biographies are of great interest if they illuminate their subject and reveal layers, complexities, contradictions and weaknesses in a coherent story. This one is not quite all that
As the self-obsessed Raymond, Steve Coogan is perfectly cast, brazenly indulging in his every sexual fantasy
Though this might be the least of their four creative collaborations... The Look of Love provides the same unique pleasure exclusive to their pairings: an opportunity for the oft-misused Coogan to shine.
The film begins after Debbie's death, with Raymond watching a documentary about her life. No sooner has this started than the action switches to a second documentary. Even Citizen Kane only needed one documentary-within-the-film, for goodness sake.
This fascinating story is told with vivid style, a terrific use of actual settings and a strong cast.
The film tells this story with gaudy brio, but the tone is wildly uneven, veering between Swinging 60s romp, nudge-wink satire and cautionary fable, as if Winterbottom and Greenhalgh couldn't decide what film they were making or who Raymond really was.
The unedifying spectacle is cut with sadness.
A disappointingly crude and shallow biography ...
This version of the baron isn't even allowed to become anything so interesting as an enigma. It's Steve Coogan - only less so.
It's more than a disappointment -- it's a puzzlement. How did Michael Winterbottom, who's made so many intriguing movies that veer well away from the cautious, make a film so tediously conservative...?
Michael Winterbottom vividly recreates swinging 1960s London in this biopic about one of Soho's most notorious figures. It's a lively and attention-grabbing film, but the cast and filmmakers never create a character we can identify with or care about.
The net result might be an over-stretched story lacking in drama and tension, but it's also a good period study with a fine central performance from the maturing Coogan.
Director Michael Winterbottom has achieved the impossible: he has made a biopic of Paul Raymond, Britain's most colourful porn baron, that's unobservant, unerotic and dull.
Steve Coogan delivers a knock-out performance that renders the central figure in all of his complexity - at once admirable, deplorable and pitiable.
This is a shallow but watchable movie, and it nicely conveys the world of semi-respectable Soho porn, sadder and tattier than its sleazier end, with its desperate champagne lunches and dreary afternoon hangovers.
It's all basically a way of getting some exceptionally nice knockers onto the screen.
If Raymond remains elusive his daughter Debbie blazes with an intensity that elevates the picture into much more dramatic and disturbing territory.
Raymond would probably have approved - which might not be such a good thing.
Paints a profoundly sad portrait of a fascinating Soho figure.
Quips aside, there's a disappointing lack of depth to the characters.
Devastating proof that money can't buy you happiness is delivered in this chronicle of the life of British porn baron and property emperor Paul Raymond.
As per previous Winterbottom/Coogan collaborations, the vibe here is loose and episodic.
There's something a bit over-familiar here - in a solidly entertaining, made-for-telly, nothing-we-haven't-seen-before, way.
Coogan puts in a restrained turn as the puddle-deep soft porn billionaire who only occasionally brings to mind a certain Norfolk DJ. But he's such a cold fish it's hard to care about his impending fall.
A solid, straightforward biopic about a fascinating individual and his destructive relationships, with strong performances and a healthy sense of naffness.
The unavoidable flickers of Alan Partridge often shine through, but that doesn't hinder Coogan from being an excellent, avuncular guide for this tour through the life of a man once dubbed The King of Soho.
The Soho of the Seventies is lovingly recreated, Coogan sports a truly dreadful mullet, and there's a lovely cameo by David Walliams as a salacious vicar.
For the most part - filthy good fun.
It's an enjoyable way to spend a couple hours. But don't expect to learn anything deeper of Raymond's life than what can be gleaned from his Wikipedia page.
A clear precursor to this film is Milos Forman's The People vs. Larry Flynt, but the depth and ambiguity that film brought to its amiable monster of a protagonist just doesn't kick in here.
he Look of Love forgets all the other senses when it comes to getting what makes Paul Raymond so fascinating, desensitizing us to caring even less about him than the 60th breast that flashes across the screen.
Coogan is great in this entertaining, energetic tale of fame and debauchery.
Steve Coogan's performance is consistently amusing, but the poignant dimensions the director appears to be seeking don't quite come together.
It's funny and touching, but feels like a missed opportunity.
Though all the performances are very good, much of Look's entertainment value comes from an impressive tech package that captures the shifting fashions of swinger-favored pop-culture garishness over the pic's roughly 25-year period.
A serious and entertaining character study - stripping down the lives of Soho and Raymond - that has the looks and acting talent to win over a crowd.
Coogan is a talented actor and has perhaps no greater champion than Michael Winterbottom.

@highlight

While it may not add up to the definitive Paul Raymond biopic -- or take full advantage of Steve Coogan's many gifts -- The Look of Love still proves an entertainingly old-fashioned look at the Swinging London of the 1960s.