Manakamana is a record of this circuitry, an index of faces seen in the act of seeing, thrust into the vacancy of a nature that scrolls by like some uncanny rear projection from an old Hollywood film.
Hypnotic and serene.
It's hard to describe the passions and joys that Manakamana manages to cohere while celebrating its world.
This truly remarkable, beautiful film, the latest from Harvard's Sensory Ethnography Lab... refrains from feeding us context via traditional documentary tropes such as title cards or voice-over narration.
This is an interesting experiment as a movie, but I don't think it is a terribly successful one. It takes a lot of patience to sit through the dull bits, where nothing much happens, to get to the more interesting parts.
A two-hour film with Nepalese as its first language, no introduction, no narration and no dramatic arc sounds like a challenge, in much the same way that unshelled lobster is delicious: both require a little patience.
If only the viewing environment were more suited to casual contemplation, allowing the audience (like the passengers) to dip in and out of the car in 10-minute stretches.
A gimmicky observation of life in Nepal, this is one of those documentaries that offers the audience an experience rather than any actual information.
Manakamana works as a tone poem, a Warholian revel in the mundane and an ethnographic study of an isolated corner.
Though its subject matter doesn't seem particularly fun on the surface, Stephanie Spray and Pacho Velez's Manakamana is a sort of structural game, by turns contemplative and, yes, playful.
Boring? Absolutely not. Strangely revealing, meditative and funny? Yes, as passengers reveal themselves by costume, silence, chatter and posture, rising up through a hazy, green landscape into the clouds where Manakamana.
We're basically gawking at a commute.
Multiple viewings simply allow for more diverse and creative readings of the material.
An intimate humanist experiment, the film provokes much delight in its playful structure.
A colourful portrait of Nepal as a country driven by ancient tradition, yet also embracing necessary change.
A purifying moviegoing experience...
A must-see, especially in a theater, where the lack of distractions makes it even more mesmerizing, a cinematic Rorschach test that lets you interpret the expressions on faces from halfway around the world.
It's hypnotic work with a terrific sense of cultural study and geography.
If you're prone to carsickness, this might not be the ideal movie for you. But as a meditation on the way human beings fill the silence - or choose not to - it's an amazing accomplishment.
For the curious viewer.
In the hands of Spray and Velez, the journey is far more important than the destination.
Invited to sit in the facing seat, we have long minutes to watch, listen and assess, considering who these pilgrims are and what, aside from worship, has really brought them here.
The beauty and rhythms of the fixed camera's highly specific focus builds a hypnotic group narrative of religion's possibility, the ways in which it can bring joy and peace.
"Manakamana" is simple in conception, but the reactions it evokes in viewers will be complex and multifaceted.
This particular pilgrimage is both a privilege and a pleasure.
It's a lovely, occasionally charming, and rarely beautiful slice of life, but it doesn't grasp for much more. Or, if it does, it doesn't do a very good job at translating such transcendence to the audience.
There is little dialogue and no explication, only a succession of dreamy rides, one of which is given over to goats.
"Manakamana" is a haunting experience, one that requires patience (and then some) but that offers spiritual, philosophical, and aesthetic rewards beyond the immediate power of words to describe.
Manakamana is a travel film that's not about the ride, but the riders. Ourselves included, of course.
The directors, Pacho Velez (who did the camera work) and Stephanie Spray (who recorded the sound), condense world history into the confined space of a glassed-in bubble.
As exotic the locale, stunning the view, foreign the dress or accents, this intense and fascinating look at the pilgrims beautifully exposes their humanity.
By focusing on such a narrow slice of Nepali life, Ms. Spray and Mr. Velez have ceded any totalizing claim on the truth and instead settled for a perfect incompleteness.
Breathtaking, unusual and transcendent. Patient viewers will be rewarded.
Manakamana doesn't answer any questions, yet makes its point: Nepal, like the rest of our planet, is a picturesque but far from peaceable kingdom.
As a theatrical experience, Manakamana is spellbinding. But it's a complex spell ...
'Manakamana' will reward those lucky few who still possess the patient tranquility to observe and absorb which is being so sadly lost.
I've never seen anything like it.
You could hardly ask for a more beautiful vision of souls in transit.
Manakamana is both calming and imagination-sparking, forcing viewers to look at human faces for 10-minute stretches, whether those faces are talking excitedly or quietly looking around.
Filmmakers Stephanie Spray and Pacho Velez insist that altered spectatorship, particularly patience and duration, is the foundation of cinematic edification.
If "Leviathan" showed us the primal terror of everyday life, this new film is a warm hug, a salute to our shared humanity.
A stunning blend of life's grand and monotonous movements.
As a cross-section examination of Nepalese society it's fascinating, but like any other film of this kind, the eleven sequences that make up Manakamana's 117-minute runtime vary in interest.
A documentary about a cable car route that teaches us how incredibly rich and varied the sameness in our lives can really be.
A repetitive but sometimes beguiling documentary produced by the directors of Leviathan,
"Manakamana" says as much about the erosion of patience as it does about the value of holding onto it.
It takes a certain kind of alchemy to present an uninterrupted 8-and-a-half minute shot of a goat's anal canal and call it entertainment.

@highlight

Its tranquil pace will prove jarring for the blockbuster-inclined, but Manakamana rewards patient viewers with a singularly haunting experience.