One can see how its overtly soapy, lowest-common-denominator antics would play comfortably in various climes.
A stodgy but good-looking war film, with many stirring scenes of aerial combat.
Alas, this BARON is barren, more dead than red.
If the film is intelligent and thoughtful, it is unfortunately lacking in energy and passion; it is more a somber, highly familiar reflection on warfare and its toll than an action movie.
Drama about World War I flying aces never gets off the ground.
Unfortunately Muellerschoen's movie emphasizes empty grandeur over human drama.
Red Baron leaves Manfred von Richthofen a lifeless cliché of Aryan grandeur, stuck inside of a film that tries too hard to dazzle without fully exploring the possibilities of the legend.
Embraces embellishment and outright falsehood in search of soap opera.
His plane may be red, but the dialogue is purple.
The propaganda films produced by both sides in the '30s and '40s might've been objectionable for many reasons but at least they had the good sense to show real planes in action.
An ambitious young man in his flying machine
Nikolai Müllerschön's film about the German flying ace has nothing like the sort of flair it needs to get away with its sentimental departures from the historical facts.
Moderately expensive, immoderately dull.
This is an ambitious attempt to tell the story of World War I's most notorious fighter pilot. But while the events are truly momentous, with thrillingly rendered aerial combat, the film is let down by lacklustre writing and direction.
So while the earthbound sequences may drag, when 'The Red Baron' takes to the skies, it soars.
A pretty successful European co-production strengthened by a charismatic title performance from Matthias Schweighöfer.
The Red Baron is like Le Grande Illusion remade by a German porn director. Never in the field of human film-making was so much money wasted on so little.
A very low-flying, sentimentalised account of the life of legendary first world war German air ace, Manfred Von Richthofen.
It's a stirring story - German-made but with English dialogue - well told, vividly illustrating a strange era when old-style Prussian nobility became the cavalry of the skies.
Looks terrific when up in the air amidst the dogfights, but falls flat back on the ground.
The aerial dogfights are the best thing in the film but any time it returns to earth it does so with a bump amidst turgid drama and leaden dialogue.
The dogfights are competently handled, and Headey looks awfully sweet in her Boden version of 1917 mufti, but the stodgy comic-book dialogue keeps shooting plausibility down in flames.
The Red Baron is impressively shot and has some great dogfight sequences but it's badly let down by a dull script and fails to engage on an emotional level.



@highlight

It doesn't lack ambition, and it boasts undeniably thrilling source material, but The Red Baron is brought down by its overly sentimental script and a number of historical inaccuracies.