Not highly recommended at all.
You simply haven't had this much fun at the multiplex in a long, long time.
Tony Gilroy's directorial follow up to the phenomenal Michael Clayton is an impressive addition to his short but impressive filmography.
I'm sure if I saw it a second time, I'd find the little hints Gilroy plants throughout particularly delicious. But why bother? It didn't exactly grab me by the neck the first time.
Julia Roberts and Clive Owen are reunited for the first time since Closer, and they're a messed up couple again. But this time they're secret agents, which is cooler.
When it comes to sorting out where we stand with someone, we're all spies. Tony Gilroy realizes that romance done right involves invigorating risk, and "Duplicity" offers a bracing, beguiling shell game of behavior to complement the light shenanigans.
A brain-bending, sleekly twisted puzzle.
It might be saying something that I preferred to see [Giamatti and Wilkinson] in action than the two actual leads of the film.
Duplicity features the sort of story screenwriters dream of crafting in order to show off their aptitude.
The results are mistimed and misshapen, like Lubitsch after a vasectomy
The film's greatest pleasure is in the snappy dialogue Gilroy crafts for the capable duo of Roberts and Owen... [Blu-ray]
You gotta be flawless to tell a story out of sequence. This ain't no Memento. God, Julia is getting old.
It's not unfair to say that Duplicity is Michael Clayton on laughing gas. What's remarkable is that both movies pretty much work.
A stylish, engaging and complex thriller.
[Tony] Gilroy may have taken his time honing his voice as a filmmaker, but there's little doubt that he's got it down to a science at this point.
Duplicity is like sitting in a two-hour lecture from a college professor who reads straight from the text and never makes eye contact. Do you know there is an audience here?
This movie wasn't firing on all cylinders despite some of them being great cylinders.
... Plays like a more sophisticated Ocean's Eleven, the extra heft coming from its corporate setting.
Click for full review
'Duplicity' is a cleverly charming and sophisticated film about treacherous people.
It won't receive the critical ballyhoo of his previous film, but where Gilroy's 'Michael Clayton' lacked imagination and surprise, 'Duplicity' is a fun, witty romp.
When it comes to spy thrillers, Tony Gilroy knows the game.
Gilroy also throws in a reverse chronology taking place in posh foreign locations (and Cleveland!) so as to mark the film as his own and conceal any narrative weaknesses.
It's good to see an espionage thriller that avoids the clichés of the genre.
Gilroy handles it expertly and maintains a light, jaunty tone.
Adopts old Hollywood mechanics %u2014- showy marquee stars, swift-witted dialogue, character-dominated plot %u2014- and relies on an audience willing to be tricked, surprised and challenged.
For all its bright banter and flashbacky fanciness, Duplicity boils down to this rudimentary formula: morality and success are functions of beauty.
A perfectly-crafted espionage thriller married to the best throwback rom-com in years.
Gilroy makes the mistake of applying the artful lighting, measured pace and severe sensibility of 'Michael Clayton' to screwball caper material.
Much of the fun is all about what's 'in play'--acting--from the spy and lover roles these characters may or may not be playing and which sides (personal, professional) they're playing for or against, to our assumptions about these stars' personas.
While the movie is modestly entertaining and tries to take full advantage of the promising coupling of Julia Roberts and Clive Owen, it never quite seals the deal.
Do we even care about these characters enough to worry about their machinations?
Writer-director Tony Gilroy, flush from his Michael Clayton success, retains that film's examination of corporate malfeasance yet replaces the sense of dread with a sense of style.
trust, lust, and double-crust pizzas
A battle of wits with smart, capable people on all sides. It is very slick and well-acted by a troupe of pros.
has the kind of narrative trickery that draws us in, but it's ultimately up to the actors to keep us interested, and in this regard the film is something of a mixed bag
Only incidentally a con movie, Duplicity is actually a subversive, high-wire romance, with the MacGuffin serving as a metaphorical placeholder for the surging hormonal attraction, trepidation and uncertainty of love's bloom.
The story turns flips to keep audiences guessing. Unfortunately, indiffer-ence, not fascination, results.
It's a pity...that James Newton Howard's music score is so relentlessly intrusive and that Gilroy's plotting gets so complicated before everything becomes clear in the end.
Once Gilroy has the film on track with all passengers aboard and accounted for, you do start wondering if he can keep up the momentum. He does -- although so much contrivance is involved that he often runs the risk of leaving you behind.
Duplicity is a lazy movie about corporate espionage. It's lazy because its director/writer Tony Gilroy relies on easy gimmicks and lame conventions to tell his tale. [He] uses techniques that might enliven home movies; they deaden a theatrical one.
This thriller's flashback scenes interrupted the story's flow too much for me. But Julia Roberts and Clive Owen are fun to watch.
It's a complex and at times hard-to-follow script, but it leaves no loose ends and makes perfect sense in the end. Even the ending is a legitimate surprise
While this is fun, trying more for laughs than tension, it is not a film that will live in history, except for one memorable line.
Those who like working a Rubik's Cube might find Duplicity appealing. With a lack of charisma, sexual chemistry or sizzle, it left me sadly disappointed.
At this point in the moviegoing year, it's probably foolish to ask for more. This is a movie movie -- with a bottle of Dom Perignon at the end.
They frumped Julia Roberts up and tore her charisma down. She like the movie had no sparkle. Plus there were twenty flashbacks too many. A little simplicity might have helped 'Duplicity'.
Writer/director Tony Gilroy's Duplicity is a pleasurable puzzle with a vast myriad of possible outcomes.
Duplicity is a light and airy affair that has far too much fun with zingy one-liners to be concerned with the rather relevant dirty laundry that's being aired out.
The zigzagging story needs the crackling speed of, say, Ocean's Eleven, but Gilroy moves as if he's afraid to lose his audience going around the turns.
With Duplicity [Gilroy is] developing a nice body of work.
Gilroy keeps it all moving at a steady, stylish pace.
Duplicity is an enormously enjoyable hybrid, a romantic comedy set at the center of a caper movie.
It's a passably amusing brainteaser.
For all the glam and swank, the film is essentially a bright, shiny, empty puzzle. The puzzlemaking by writer-director Tony Gilroy is clever but most frequently an end in itself.
Welcome back my friends to the con that never ends ... Duplicity simply doesn't know when to quit.
The globetrotting spy thriller never measures up to being first-rate.
This film entertains through gameplay, turning suspenseful, comic, then romantic as if in the hands of a master card dealer. But Gilroy's trickeries can be revealed by just slightly encroaching the stage.
A disappointing exercise in achingly-familiar irritainment.
Who do you really trust? Especially if they happen to be double agents?
Tony Gilroy's dryly jaunty, globetrotting, spy-vs.-spy romp is ... just good enough to make you wish it were better.
Gilroy's movie does have its moments, most of which come down to the pleasures of its A-list cast, which possess enough talent and presence to stand down a plot so unnecessarily cluttered, it's a gimmick.
Whip smart storytelling and a fizzy caper delight.
Kudos to Roberts and Owen whose easy chemistry gets you through the plot's mush. Then there's Giamatti and Wilkinson, two guys who could play houseplants and blow your mind.
This enjoyable, lighthearted movie should not be taken too seriously and is worthy of your admiration.
I can't believe I'm writing this in a dumbed down age at the movies but Duplicity is a film that's too smart for its own good.
I'm probably going to buy Duplicity on DVD just to re-experience the joy of Benjamin Franklin slamming his fist into the ground while attacking John Adams.
The story jumps around in time more than an episode of Lost. There are so many twists and turns in the plot, I didn't always follow if they even liked each other.
Clever, complex romantic thriller is too twisty for tweens.
The picture has a unity of wit and structure that could only have been achieved by a very sharp writer who's also a gifted filmmaker.
"Duplicity" may not be an award-winner at year's end, but for adults looking to see something that treats them with genuine respect this weekend, there are few films in wide release that better fit the bill.
A rather pedestrian, hollow cat-and-mouse contest.
Like the carnal encounter with which it opens, it's a film that goes through the motions, and while those motions are frequently pleasurable, we, like Owen, are ultimately left disappointed.
A pleasant big-studio diversion, a screwball romance with beautiful movie stars set in gorgeous hotel rooms, deluxe office spaces and corporate jets. It's smart, it's for grown-ups and it lets Julia Roberts laugh, if just once.
With its smart writing delivered by an in-synch quartet, savor Duplicity as the ideal spring gift.
[Director Gilroy's] determined to put some smarts into the world of double crosses and double martinis, and bless him for that.
Julia Roberts in a luxury hotel room, bantering with a suave leading man? That works.
Gilroy trusts us to figure out how the pieces of the story fit together, and by the end of the movie, we're rewarded with a solution that is intellectually, if not emotionally, satisfying.
As a caper film, Duplicity is a fizzle. As a mystery, it's a cheat.
I started out loving Duplicity; by the end, I wanted to strangle it.
Duplicity probably improves on second viewing, when one is better acquainted with the basic story. Yet the film is not good enough to see twice â" the Catch-22 of all entertaining but muddled movies.
Gilroy's technique can feel like complication for complication's sake, but stick with the story and the dramatic rewards are real, or at least the punch line's pretty clever.
Duplicity is pretty silly when it all works out in the end. This is a wasted opportunity, since so much went into making it look like it was about something.
A snazzy piece of work, tartly acted and cleverly made. Trust me.
A light/bright movie that actually illuminates our dull grey lives, reminding us that intrigue can be, well, intriguing. And damn sexy too.
Heck, I think I enjoyed it even more than the director's previous effort, sure it will be one of the few pictures of the early part of the year that I return to the theater to see for a second time.
Ultra sleek, cool, stylish and smart filmmaking. Supremely sophisticated fun - but better pay close attention.
Duplicity, like all con movies, relies on charm, and there's plenty to go around.
At times, Gilroy's leaps verge on gimmick. But the shuffled deck of place and time is intrinsic to the three-card monte rhythms. He keeps us guessing, even as we know he's gaming us.
Should settle on the video shelf between Intolerable Cruelty and Mr & Mrs. Smith.
[Director Tony] Gilroy's skillful, witty follow-up to his writing-directing debut, Michael Clayton, [continues] to exercise his talent for baiting a narrative and getting viewers to jump to it.
Duplicity, when it comes down to it, is wonderful simplicity.
The same whip-smart, intellectual ear for dialogue that made Michael Clayton such an immensely interesting film is back in Duplicity.
The film's got plenty of spark, with an onscreen couple so full of passion that they can't keep their hands off each other -- Tom Wilkinson and Paul Giamatti.
Corporate espionage caper in which two government operatives having amorous flings in various global stopovers decide to team up and go private to earn a bundle. Star power of Julia Roberts and Clive Owen and yummy locations fail to compensate for madly c
Duplicity is another one of those flicks where everything is confusing until the very end but Gilroy does a great job building the chemistry between Roberts and Owen.
Parental Content Review
The script has so many twists and double-crosses, flashbacks and re-interpretations of events that frankly I just gave up, and followed the action. Which wasn't quite enough to hold me. A pity.
Essentially formulaic fare. Although Julia Roberts is quite good, the love scenes look exactly like what they are: famous people pretending.
On the simplest level, Duplicity is a tribute to the power of performance.
There are nice moments, just not quite enough of them.
Though awkwardly sturctured, 'Duplicity' is a smart movie in which droll repartee and smoldering chemistry take the place of cursing and violence.
Is this a fun, flirty romantic comedy? A farce? A serious drama about espionage? When writer/director Tony Gilroy figures it out, will someone let me know?
A caper without intrigue and a romance without humanity, this disastrously wasteful star vehicle manages quite the feat by both crushing the viewer's soul and devouring their spirit in two hours flat.
Too convoluted to be romantic, too confusing to be an effective caper and too long to be entertaining.
The "trust nobody" shtick wears old pretty quickly.
A stylish, sexy, con-artist caper that finds romance in risk and vice-versa, Duplicity ... is a movie so dashing and fun, you may not notice how smart it is until you replay it in your head a few times.
Has a terrific cast, stylish cinematography and some intrigue, but the suspense and sizzle wane as the intricate plot gradually thickens.
A cinematic lark that's leaden where it should be light ... suffers from lukewarm chemistry between Roberts and Owen.
"Duplicity" is a blast from beginning to end and one of the snappiest films of its type to come along in a while.
a dashing and bright entertainment that aims to please without scraping the floor for your approval
However you describe it, Duplicity is superior entertainment, the most elegantly pleasurable movie of its kind to come around in a very long time.
Watching Duplicity brings pleasures all too rare: gorgeous actors speaking smart, funny dialogue in beautiful settings.
A timely, brisk, and witty combination love story and drama about corporate malfeasance.
Duplicity is betrayed by a surfeit of intricacy. Its ironic complexities tease the brain without pleasing the heart.
...one of the first truly adult romantic comedies to come down the pike in quite some time. "Duplicity" has been heaped with praise, which may raise expectations unfairly, though.
A sharp, twisty, and very stylish thriller, this time with romance and a bit of stardust. The result is a top-notch date movie for grown-ups.
Gilroy and his stars make it elegant fun to be fooled, but they sure as hell make you work for it.
Everything in Duplicity may be a scam, but [director] Gilroy's talent is the real thing.
There's a lot of doubling going on in the smart, savvy Duplicity.
Gilroy expertly keeps viewers guessing about who is gaming who.
It's pretty fun and entertaining for the most part. However, it gets a little talky and ends with a plot twist that's perhaps too convoluted and contrived for its own good.
The artistry is indisputable and, if the clarity gets muddled,the effort to stay afloat in the swamp of spy-gamesmanship does pay off.
Duplicity is more lighthearted; it's the Pitt/Jolie smackdown Mr. & Mrs. Smith without all the gunplay.
Aiming for a romantic-caper vibe, Duplicity zips from one elaborate piece of hugger-mugger to the next. But at a certain point, boredom sets in.
An all's-fair-in-love-and-espionage movie tailor-made for a pair of glamorous stars.
A slick but somewhat convoluted crime caper, Duplicity practically glows from all the high-wattage power of its incandescent stars.
An effervescent burst of snappy writing, direction and star chemistry that burns a hole through the screen.
The term 'thriller' might be overstating things a bit, although the slow motion battle between Wilkinson and Giamatti will live on in my memory for years to come.
This movie is a breeze compared to the lawyerly Sturm und Drang of Michael Clayton.
For a sexy comedy that tries and fails to recapture the sensual smarts of vintage screwball fare, Duplicity is regrettably short on sex and comedy.
Duplicity ultimately comes off as a breath of fresh air amid a movie season rife with bleak horror films, hopelessly juvenile comedies and bloated superhero epics.
It's not deep: it's a wispy-light meringue of a romantic spy-versus-spy comedy. But it is smart. It expects that you're keeping up with the tricks it's trying to pull on you.
Too often [director Gilroy] returns to his darker, more ponderous instincts -- more like a wink and a sneer -- which has an enervating effect on a film that lives and dies by its fleetness of foot.
Duplicity may be too smart for its own good. But how many films can you say that about?
Duplicity isn't quite as clever as it wants to be, but it's diverting and funny, and it's always a pleasure to watch a movie that relies on brains as fodder instead of brawn.
Though it waltzes through European capitals and gorgeous hotel suites, it never quite gets the blood pumping. And despite all the husky-voiced pillow-talk about sex and adrenaline, there's little of either.
...a crazy spy vs spy tale of intrigue and corporate espionage that works well due mostly to the chemistry of its two leads - Clive Owen and Julia Roberts.
Lacks the tension and wow-factor we've grown accustomed to from slick star vehicles.
Duplicity is entertaining, but the complexities of its plot keep it from being really involving. The fun is in watching Roberts and Owen fencing with dialogue, keeping straight faces, trying to read each other's minds.
Comedy seems to have liberated Gilroy, who directs Duplicity with the high gloss and fleet-footed hustle of a Golden Age Hollywood craftsman.
Duplicity plays as a less-successful comic remake of Michael Clayton.
I'm not certain Duplicity ultimately rewards the time invested, but it's a convincing enough spy game stew to slurp slowly. Just appreciate the ride, not the destination.
Duplicity is one big fogbank of a movie and sounding a horn won't help you. Prepare to get lost in a mass of pointless murk.
Seductive and playful, this corporate espionage thriller has a breezy attitude that keeps us thoroughly engaged through all of the twists and turns of the plot.
A beautifully shot, well written and impressively acted thriller that's both suspenseful and emotionally engaging.
The movie comes alive almost exclusively in the flashbacks.
...a movie built around dazzling dialogue, which makes it a rare and precious thing.
Duplicity doesn't have depth -- but it does have Julia Roberts, in full Hollywood movie-star mode. And for filmgoers with scaled-back expectations, that news may be enough.
This is a sharp-looking movie with a blue-chip cast.
It's not an elderly movie, it just seems that way.
Roberts looks great in her return to leading-lady status after a few years off -- strong, curvy, formidable -- and Owen drops the steamy glower he's adopted of late and almost seems to have a twinkle in his eye this time around.
Duplicity should have been titled Venality.
Neither a conventional spy flick nor a traditional romantic comedy, Duplicity is a satisfying mix of the two that's as entertaining as it is thought-provoking
Duplicity does indeed bend and buckle under the weight of many a final-reel revelation, though it never entirely collapses.
Director Tony Gilroy deftly mixes comedy with suspense as we see the extreme measures corporations take to steal one another's secrets and protect their own from theft.
Slick, super-contrived, pretty to look at and totally, completely preposterous.
It eventually falls victim to one or two twists too many, needlessly complicating an already complex plot.
A fluffy, comedic sequel to CLOSER... breezy, delightful and bitterly hilarious.
Mr. Gilroy has outsmarted himself by pulling too many switches in his narrative. He then fails to recover by coming up with a smash ending that pulls all the scattered pieces together.
Though it has more tricks up its sleeve than you can count, in the end all the sleight of hand amounts to disappointingly little.
Unnecessarily pretentious and opaque: give me Tony Gilroy's 'Michael Clayton' any day.
Given the film's potential for glamour, sex and suspense, there's no reason for it to be such a drag.
A romance aiming at a tone of jazz-riff larkishness but somewhat undermined in that pursuit by the washboard-stiffness of its main characters.
They took the lousy Soderbergh/Clooney template for Ocean's Eleven, Twelve and Thirteen and intentionally made this stinker.
A glamorous, diverting escapade that over-30s in particular can enjoy.
The movie is fun, with plenty of intrigue and suspense that will have audiences clutching at their arm rests.
In top form, Julia Roberts and Clive Owen star in this sexy, witty, elegant romantic thriller made for mature audiences.
"Duplicity" is so heavily back-loaded that it demands the audience take a leap of faith that all narrative debts will be paid off in a third act finale. No such luck.
Duplicity is a double agent, a rollicking romantic comedy too deep undercover as a proudly convoluted caper film.
Smart, droll and dazzling to look at and listen to, writer-director Tony Gilroy's effervescent, intricately plotted puzzler proves in every way superior to his 2007 success Michael Clayton.
Duplicity teams masters of mutual deceit in sizzling make up sex for spies, Julia squirming her way through one night stand pretend amnesia with toe rings, and a different kind of screwing of flabby corporate cutthroats in designer suits.
Slick, sneaky, snarky fun - a devilish double-cross
A breathlessly enjoyable mind-game ... Duplicity is giddy fun, something that's been in short supply at the movies.
A high-tech romantic thriller set in the little-seen world of corporate espionage, Tony Gilroy's second feature is sophisticated adult entertainment which puts the lazy Ocean's films to shame with its clever writing, lively direction and visual panache.
Whatever the onscreen dilemma for Clive Owen's Ray and Julia Roberts' Claire, for us, it's a no-brainer. This slick and persuasive crime thriller has so much chemistry and chutzpah; we're hooked from the start








@highlight

Duplicity is well-crafted, smart, and often funny, but it's mostly more cerebral than visceral and features far too many plot twists.