It's one of the smartest of all noirs, and thus among the most enticingly savage and dangerous.
Laura (1944) is elegance incarnate in a genre known for its hard edge, the sleekest, silkiest noir of all.
A feverish trance wrapped in a deadpan investigation
Preminger deals in facades, with how perception cheats us, right down to the ideal image of Laura as a portrait. (Cinémathèque Annotations on Film)
Masterpiece: with time, Preminger's second film has become richer in texture and deeper, more ambiguous in meaning than most noirs of the 1940s.
Preminger made darker, more characteristically noir films than this, but his only movie that's as good, or perhaps better, is Anatomy of a Murder.
Will leave you drunk with delight.
The dialogue is stinging and the performances to be savoured in a haunting study of romantic obsession that deserves its return to the big screen.
Laura is still every bit as gripping in 2012.
A thrilling, absorbing and original example of the genre; it's also beautifully shot, pure escapist entertainment.
Not only one of Preminger's greatest, but one of the great noirs.
OK, the plot verges on absurdity - but who cares?
Few movies make you feel dirtier, and so perversely grateful for the pleasure.
This interesting film noir has more working for its final half than in its first.
Expertly paced, gripping, and dripping with sensuality, Otto Preminger's Laura has hardly aged a day.
A highly polished and debonair whodunit.
O roteiro é, na melhor das hipóteses, medíocre, mas a direção sombria de Preminger, a música-tema e as atuações de Webb e Price transformam este filme em um marco importante do nascente noir.
Great suspense.
Less a crime film than a study in levels of obsession, Laura is one of those classic works that leave their subject matter behind and live on the strength of their seductive style.
A hypnotic and deathlessly interpretable experience.
It is the sleekest of murder mysteries, and ahead of its time -- not least in having a gay suitor for Laura, and possibly two.
Gene Tierney makes an appealing figure as the art executive and Vincent Price is convincing as a weak-willed ne'er-do-well.
The plot is deliberately perfunctory, the people deliciously perverse, and the mise-en-scène radical.
A camp classic of a very particular variety.
Classic in the true sense with great theme music to boot.
A classic noir romance where all of the cinematic elements fit together perfectly.
Just watching Clifton Webb's deliciously nasty performance, as the effete critic and Laura's mentor, delivering the film's best lines, is worth the price of admission
This kooky film noir is so beautifully directed by Otto Preminger that all its protruding elements seem to slide delicately and accurately into place.
At times, the plotting takes leaps that the film's 87-minute run doesn't adequately support; but overall this is a gem.
...slightly overrated...
A genuine classic -- not only of film noir but of film, period -- director Otto Preminger's adaptation of Vera Caspary's novel lathers the murder-mystery with a heavy dollop of kinkiness.
The story is a good whodunnit, although it probably isn't half as clever as a mystery as it is a character study.
A masterfully complex -- and frequently campy -- portrait of all-consuming romantic self-delusion.
A great antidote to the 'old movies are no fun' attitude many people slip into as soon as they learn a film is in black and white.
A classic. Clifton Webb is a delight; Tierney never looked lovelier. And its score is unforgettable. One to watch.
A classic thriller/whodunit of the 1940s. Unfortunately, it remains solidly in the past.
A classic murder film worth seeing over and over.
Did Hollywood ever produce a more seductive mystery or a creepier romance? I wouldn't change a line, a frame, or a performance in this film.
The picture on the whole is close to being a top-drawer mystery.
Classic mystery, notable for its plot and performances
The materials of a B-grade crime potboiler are redeemed by Waldo Lydecker, walking through every scene as if afraid to step in something.
Both old and new viewers are in for a treat.
A truly haunting study of obsession.
Laura (1944) is one of the most stylish, elegant, moody, and witty classic film noirs ever made with an ensemble cast of characters. Producer/director Otto
Laura" is an elegant but campy B&W Who-Dun-What.
Preminger's deft direction creates an elegant noirish tone, and he elicits near-perfect performances from everyone, even a pre-Horror Schlock Vincent Pryce.















@highlight

A psychologically complex portrait of obsession, Laura is also a deliciously well-crafted murder mystery.