Hard to believe, but Edward Norton in cornrows is one of the less ludicrous things you'll see in this film.
Stone is a flawed film, largely because Lucetta is a B-movie seductress preying on believable human beings with backgrounds and complicated hearts.
A prisoner and parole officer grapple with sins and the need for redemption in this subtle drama of parallel lives.
It's got something to say. What that something is, though -- besides a four character study in spiritual decay -- is sort of up to you.
Stone is an unusual film which shifts uneasily between sleaze and philosophy, but it's distinguished at all times by three luminous performances.
Great performances from the cast in this engrossing drama.
Stone ultimately feels more confounding rather than profound, (but) it will have you thinking after its credits have rolled.
An engrossing drama about the difficulty people have believing in forgiveness or in turning one's life around.
Dark and disturbing, this drama holds our interest due to the strong acting and provocative issues swirling around in the story. But it's a little heavy-handed in its desire to convey something important.
This film has the kind of suspense where you know something bad is going to happen, but instead of just getting it over with, the film drags it out way too long.
Seems as weary as the Detroit parole caseworker Robert De Niro plays.
When did Robert De Niro stop trying? When did he start coasting on his well-deserved reputation, either mocking it in crass comedies or sleepwalking through dramas where fans filled in the missing emotions for him?
Set up as a familiar noir plot, the film veers off into unexpected places, keeping the audience guessing as to the main characters' motivations well after the credits roll.
Like a celluloid 'American Gothic,''Stone' does not paint a pretty picture.
There's an obvious difference between elegant underplaying and merely going through the motions, and while, say, Michael Caine still excels at the former, De Niro has sadly become a master of the latter.
Stone is a movie about fragile souls. About how fragile we all are.
With its excess of blatant symbolism and illogical character turns, what could have been a halfway decent exploration of personal ethics turns into a half-assed excuse for entertainment.
Watching these three actors burrow like ticks into the underbelly of John Curran's murky moral drama should be enough of a reason to recommend Stone, and it almost is.
A 'serious' intent and an ill-fitting hilljack argot reduce Stone to a pebble of a fil
If only one character in Stone reacted as someone in his position would to the preposterous situation at hand, the movie would be 15 minutes long.
Superbly crafted, smartly acted, suspense-filled noir thriller about compromised ethics.
Freedom, though, as a concept is at the heart of some very sophisticated theology that makes up this literate drama
A lot of talent goes to waste in this repulsive movie directed by John Curran. This mishmash of profanity, kinky sex and religious babble should have gone straight to DVD.
There are momentary flashes of dramatic power here, but ultimately "Stone" runs aground on its unfulfilled ambitions, which are both lofty and maddeningly vague.
A disconcerting and challenging film. It leaves you wondering. How cool is that?
You can feel the movie's gears grinding throughout, first in the rote suspense mechanics and later in the ham-fisted religiosity (conveyed through an endless soundtrack of evangelistic talk radio).
Mostly this is a tense, portentous, and provocative piece.
Angus MacLachlan's script never convinces, and John Curran's direction lacks energy.
...screenwriter Angus MacLachlan seems to be trying to rewrite Equus without realizing that: 1) what works on stage does not necessarily work on screen, and 2) it's not the '70s anymore.
The characters drive it, and they are fascinating.
Stone is that rare film that refuses to be easy.
It's a frustrating, stunted film, dishonest in its intentions and clumsy with its narrative.
As in every good dialogue-driven film, talk equals action. The excitement here is sparked by the verbal and gestural give-and-take between the actors.
Screenwriter Angus MacLachlan attempts something bold -- broad themes about a society in moral decline -- but he fails to find the story in all that philosophizing.
An ambiguous film boasting a quartet of mesmerizing performances...
The craftsmanship is impeccable as is the acting, but the storytelling is where the movie falls down. And with such a poorly realized narrative, it's hard to be enthusiastic about the many things Stone does right.
Stone seems to care more about keeping us guessing about what the characters are going to do than it does about making us care what is going to happen to them.
It's a tour de force for Norton, who fills the air with an intense and yet thoughtful patter about why Stone is in the joint, what he did, what he doesn't want to think about/talk about any more and what he thinks Jack Mabry wants to hear.
Echoes of "Cape Fear" reverberate across a withering suspense thriller that pales in comparison.
Stone isn't the straightforward thriller it appears to be, but the alternative turns out to be dull and lifeless. At least the title is apt: Like a rock, Stone has no pulse.
As Lucetta, Jovovich delivers the film's best performance. She is enticing, seductive and a little bit unnerving. However, it's not enough to save this movie.
Worth watching just to see the two heavyweights face off.
"Stone" is boring, trite and overacted.
In the end, this isn't a story so much about characters looking to the heavens as it is an examination of who we ourselves are as individuals, and while some won't like what they find that's still a mirror most of us could use looking into.
The best reason to see Stone, really, comes from Jovovich, who takes her opportunity to ditch the zombies and square off against the A-listers and absolutely wallops it out of the park.
Stone starts interesting, gets better, and then simply sits there until it ends with a whimper instead of a much-needed bang.
Stone is neither high-minded nor low-brow enough. Instead it's stuck in the middle -- in purgatory.
If you're of a mind that actors as talented as Robert De Niro and Edward Norton could make even pedestrian material watchable, Stone puts your theory to the test. And surprise! They can.
Norton, De Niro, Jovovich, Conroy all give performances that are better than the film itself. Save your money in the theaters and rent it when it comes out on DVD.
Ultimately Stone sags under its own overblown philosophical weight, with a strained and painfully obvious spiritual subtext finally smothering what could have been a simple, effective psychological thriller.
Jovovich creates the most captivating, sexy, mindblowing femme fatale you have seen in movies in over 30 years, and can easily teach Megan Fox and Miley Cyrus a thing or two or three.
There's enough terrible in this movie to go around.
It's the sort of acting virtuoso duet this film, a weak-tea variant of Martin Scorsese's 1992 "Cape Fear" remake with Norton riffing on De Niro's Max Cady, needed a lot more of.
A meditative, quietly gripping work about people awash in latent unhappiness, coming up from the mud, and slowly pawing their way to a place where they might (or might not) be able to get out of it.
What compels is De Niro's metamorphosis from bottled-up and angry to confused and, well, angry.
It presents us with four characters who are fascinating, specific and yet in some way unknowable, not like the usual characters in fiction but rather like people we might meet in life.
The movie wouldn't work as well as it does without the impressive support they get from the film's leading ladies, Frances Conroy and Milla Jovovich, who act as catalysts for the explosive drama.
What looked like a juicily absurd film noir disguised as a generational acting battle is something closer to a dirge -- a dead-serious meditation on faith and grace, redemption and damnation.
You'll admire the performances. But the script's ugly undercurrent will leave you feeling queasy.
Stone could have been some sort of a procedural, a straightforward crime movie, but it's too complex for that. It is actually interested in the minds of these characters, and how they react to a dangerous situation.
The performances are the keepers here.
Curran sustains suspense and an atmosphere of intensifying menace.
As a thespian duel between two heavyweights...has a good deal to recommend it. But in dramatic terms...leaves a lot to be desired.
Stone feels like the product of a committee, not a collaboration, and the resulting aesthetic and thematic incoherence undermines what could have been a precise and even profound character piece.
...an actor?s film with the story taking a back seat to the thesps.
Norton is outrageously good in the lead role, laugh out loud funny in Stone's earliest incarnation, gradually evolving into someone quite serious.
This is a film about people who are lost, and the filmmakers draw a direct line between their characters' existential wanderings and the religious obsessions they find for themselves.
[It ends] up subverting expectations by denying pleasure.
Stone is highly charged and vibrant, and pits Edward Norton against Robert De Niro for two utterly electrifying performances.
Collaborations between Robert De Niro and Edward Norton--one generation's most respected actor paired with another's most affected--seem doomed to be defined by acting with a capital A.
As the movie warms up and settles into place, it becomes clear that there's much more going on here than just actors' egos.
A movie steeped in sin that squats awkwardly in a cinematic purgatory between tawdry and talky.
Moral ambiguity and ethical compromise are at the heart of this meandering prison drama, but at a certain point we simply don't care anymore who is base and baser.
full review at Movies for the Masses
How Curran and his cast chew into it is often mesmerizing.
De Niro plays a deeply flawed and hypocritical corrections officer with just the right mix of self-righteousness and vulnerability, embodying a man whose soul has withered from decades of corrosion.
[O]nly the startlingly belligerent honesty of Edward Norton?s portrayal of the title character that makes this worth a look... [S]omething important is missing here: perhaps from the anticlimactic third act...
Genuinely odd in its mixture of bluntness and indirection, screenwriter Angus MacLachlan's study in biblical temptation is saved from its own heavy-handedness by a fine quartet of actors.
A stunner - a film that seems to be one thing but turns out to be quite another. It challenges your assumptions at every turn and leaves you wrung out at the end.
Curran offers an affecting portrait of a world gone awry, with morality thrown into question and conventions torn apart.
A murky bible belt noir steeped in mystical evangelical voodoo more suited to sci-fi. In which De Niro seems to turn back into Travis Bickle minus his taxi, while Norton finds Jesus, loses his dreadlocks and becomes a self-described tuning fork for God.
[A] hooey-heavy prison-and-faith drama.
Thick with moral ambiguity, Stone proves to be a character drama that confuses heavy brow-furrowing for an insightful dissection of several ethically slippery individuals.
Mr. De Niro fails to make anything about his miserable character poignant, and Mr. Norton's overwrought intensity borders on hysteria. The desired moral dilemma never arrives.
The seesaw effect of the characters' clarity and confusion helps Curran & Co.'s unexpected, occasionally heavy-handed fumblings toward examining spiritual emptiness find purchase.
At odds with its own lofty and base instincts, Stone ultimately channels neither compellingly.
Stone, like director John Curran's previous work, never peaks in any way that could be conventionally described as satisfying.
Not to pigeonhole anyone, but it is hard to imagine the man behind the creative and charming June Bug is also the writer who has delivered the pedestrian and mundane script here.
One of those films that revels in despair and monotony, just another 'bad things happen, people are miserable' piece for actors who want to show how downbeat they can be.
[De Niro] offers up a closed-off and downright bland turn that ensures that the viewer has exceedingly little invested in his character's plight.
Stone is thrilling for what we're left to ponder afterwards more than any suspense inherit in the interaction during it.
While Stone may not be a film you'll want to rush out to once it opens in a few weeks, if you want to see a somewhat unconventional thriller, this would make a solid rental.
It's worth the price of admission to see Norton and De Niro sparring across a prison-house desk.
It's hard to say which element of this risible drama is sillier - Angus MacLachlan's portentous screenplay, cobbled together from half a dozen of Jim Thompson's lesser potboilers, or Norton's sustained impression of Bubbles from The Wire.
Though nearly sabotaged by the ridiculous sexual subplot at its center, this soul-searching drama works best at the character level, couching insights about sin and forgiveness under the guise of conventional genre entertainment.
A thoroughly unconvincing melodrama about a sexual triangle that few viewers are likely to buy.


@highlight

Stone boasts a cast that includes Robert De Niro, Edward Norton, and Milla Jovovich, and it features strong dialogue, but it's ultimately undone by its heavy-handed symbolism and overabundant plot twists.