Despite his scenes of bland horror, Lucas offers the 25th century as a arch, campy place, a conception not satiric enough to be accepted as comedy and not quite insightful enough to be taken seriously.
long and cumbersome
The empty space surrounding the vulnerable man emphasizes the exertion involved rather than the goal of escape: like the hologram who came to life because he wanted to, THX finally achieves his humanity by an assertion of will.
Slow sci-fi drama for die hard Lucas fans only.
Tedious pacing contributes to the confusing nature of the movie, but George Lucas' restored "THX-1138" is essential viewing to distinguish his artistic vision before he transformed Hollywood.
Meditative and downbeat rather than crowd-pleasing, the film includes a few sequences that suggest the direction Lucas career later took.
With political paternalism rampant at both extremes of the spectrum, Lucas is onto something. In any case, we'll know for sure in about a generation.
Enhancing the film with special effects and a clearer presentation, Lucas has turned something that was relatively unwatchable into something that can endure as a sci-fi classic.
Visually it is often extraordinary, with Lucas playing on perspectives and dislocations throughout, nowhere more brilliantly than in the 'prison' represented by a limbo of whiteness that seems to stretch as far as the eye can see.
Masterpiece? I'd hazard to say so, for as much of what it says to what it leaves to the viewer.
A high concept window in on the direction George Lucas could have gone.
For sheer visual risk-taking, THX is by far Lucas' most impressive work, and one well worth seeing on the big screen. At least once in your life you should see Robert Duvall with freckles as big as your head.
The general bleakness of the film, its themes and the author's youthful anger could not be erased with digital technology.
I have a good many reservations about the film's ideas, but they are greatly outweighed by my admiration for a technical virtuosity that by fair means and foul achieves exceptional emotional intensity at the same time.
A modest, somber vision of the future.
For a film that warns about the dangers of consumerism, one can only wonder how many more times will Mr. Lucas force this lesser work of his upon an uncaring public before he lets the film slip back into obscurity.
THX 1138 shows that Lucas was once interested in letting actors act, and in letting the audience think for themselves. It reveals just how much his technological toys have crippled him as a storyteller.
Lucas' bleak debut is a film markedly dissimilar from his more famous trilogy.
A pretentious regurgitation of worn-out sci-fi cliches by a novice filmmaker who had yet to find his way.
It's colorization in sheep's clothing--don't you be duped into thinking otherwise.
Neglected on its initial release, this now stands as a classic science fiction movie and one of the most remarkable debuts of the 70s.
The thought put into the world of THX 1138 clearly shows a respect for the audience who crave to know more than just basic plot and character development.
A scrupulously crafted vision of benevolent oppressiveness, THX 1138 exudes a creamy hypnotism and resonates strongly.
Austere, cerebral, and sometimes maddeningly cold, it would seem that THX 1138 is the visual and tonal opposite of the space western Star Wars.
chilling and inventive
In spite of its flaws, THX 1138 holds up remarkably well.
One of the slowest and most deliberately minimalist science fiction films ever made.
The whole thing feels like a hypnotic dreamscape, so luminously stark, from its white-on-white abstract sets to the wide-eyed, bald, near catatonic residents of this world.
Lucas described THX as 'an artifact from the future,' and we're supposed to struggle for understanding. That's part of its hypnotic undertow.
It's an impressively unified vision, with sterile set design, a wonderfully crisp and creepy sound design by Walter Murch.
Valuable in illustrating what stylish imagination without much cash can accomplish for starters, even in California.
Meditative and downbeat rather than crowd-pleasing.
This new, highly polished upgrade is a nice gift for science fiction fans.
An impressive accomplishment -- sadly tarnished in this new release by Lucas' mania towards tweaking his old films with the latest special-effects technology.
Robert Duvall is a worker drone in a futuristic nightmare, man. Until he stops taking his pills and sees how groovy the world can be. Trippy.
One of those rare titles that has improved with age.
The most remarkable thing about THX 1138 is its unsettling sound design, pieced together by Lucas and Walter Murch.
The movie's strength is not in its story but in its unsettling and weirdly effective visual and sound style.
an instant classic of dystopic angst
...while hardly a world-beating movie, it is certainly worth a look, if only for its atmosphere and, well, its look.
May be a naively simple variation on that other George-Orwell-but it remains a dazzling triumph of creativity and style over financial limitations.
If Star Wars was Lucas' vision of a Buck Rogers future, THX 1138 is his mordantly funny Metropolis.
The new digital meddling and a bunch of gratuitous, anachronistic effects shots only serve to make the movie even more annoying than it used to be.
Interesting but never really compelling expansion of Lucas' student film.
[Lucas' 1970 debut] not only gives obvious indications of his glittering future career but also works in its own right as a terrific bit of sci-fi entertainment, creating a palpable sense of tension in its view of s futuristic dystopia.
Lucas' vision of the future is disturbing. A wonderful first effort.
This thought-provoking science fiction is most interesting for the protean ideas which came to full bloom six years later in Star Wars.
Dramatic interest do waver at times . . .
Muddled and hopelessly artsy, but at least Lucas got it out of his system early on.













@highlight

George Lucas' feature debut presents a spare, bleak, dystopian future, and features evocatively minimal set design and creepy sound effects.