Bottle Shock is a shameless grab at the yuppie audience that flocked to the similarly themed Sideways.
With much loving, longing gazing at the Napa Valley landscape, it's awfully good-looking, if you can discount the high-waisted bell-bottoms and the homely yellow AMC Gremlin that wheezes into scenes every once in a while.
It doesn't exactly come off as boxed wine to the top-shelf sensibilities of Sideways, but there's not enough story or heart for it to capture the same lightning in a bottle.
As a rather strenuous attempt at a feel-good movie, Bottle Shock falls a long way short of the mark.
It's not in the same league as Sideways but it has a fragrant sense of the beauty of wine and winemaking, not just the drinking.
Bottle Shock is one of those cockle-warming, feel-good underdog films in the tradition of Strictly Ballroom. Only in this case Scott and Fran are, respectively, a Chardonnay with tangerine undertones, and a Cabernet Merlot blend.
Predictable in its moves, it's engaging enough, though it has nowhere near the characterisation, say, of Paul Giamatti and Thomas Hayden Church in Sideways.
Predictable, corny, schmaltzy, inane, unfunny, flat, sentimental and utterly fatuous. Most of the acting is bad, and none of the characters are interesting. Watching it is about as culturally rewarding as actually getting drunk, and less fun.
In the same way Good Night And Good Luck sends you hurtling for whisky and a Malboro, and Sideways prompts a pining for pinot noir, Bottle Shock will have you craving a chilled glass of Californian chardonnay.
Rickman is priceless as the self-parodying wine snob, stealing every scene he is in by continually pulling the rug from under himself.
It's a triumph of the underdog film, but what it does have is a simply delicious performance by Alan Rickman, who does resigned disdain like no one else on screen.
It's easy to take, enjoyable and escapist, and while it celebrates Californian wine making, it doesn't disparage the French.
. Like the chardonnay at the heart of the story, Bottle Shock is light with good body and plenty of flavour. It's also uplifting and amusing. In short, it makes you feel good.
Alan Rickman plays the British wine expert who sponsors the test and is at his most comically feline. It's a great film about passion, eccentricity, families and... wine
Alan Rickman is one of my favorite actors, and I wanted to see Bottle Shock if only for his performance. Rickman's performance is great as usual, and Bottle Shock, despite some contrivance, is a very entertaining movie.
What this film needed was a whole lot more scenes with the good actors and lot less scenes of those Ken and Barbie Doll types.
You can enjoy the mild bouquet of Bottle Shock as pleasantly sparkling, but it could have been plummier. Rickman sends up a full-bodied sneering British snob.
In light of all its swooping and swishing helicopter shots of the sun-dappled Napa Valley, [it] might as well have been photographed from the bridge of the Starship Enterprise.
One of the year's most entertaining films.
Flat, musty and with a hint of flopsweat.
It's such a rewarding movie going experience it's tempting to trot out all the adjectives generally used to describe a good wine. Not being a connoisseur I'll just say that it left me with a very pleasant buzz.
I was slightly involved towards the end, but the story's constant shift in focus made it hard for me to care through most of it
It might have worked better as a documentary, or better yet a paragraph on Wikipedia.
Bottle Shock feels more like an excuse to exercise the most familiar of screenwriting formulas than to explore the origins of California's booming wine industry.
It's is like that bottle of wine that makes you feel like you paid too much for what you got.
There's also Alan Rickman as Steven Spurrier -- and when he's on-screen, all is right with this movie and the world.
'I detect bacon fat, laced with honey melon,' says a wine lover played by Dennis Farina. Moviegoers are more likely to detect corn, with a bit of ham.
Though this film may be based on a true story, it comes off as a collection of cliches peopled by characters straight out of central casting.
The people who made Bottle Shock obviously love their wine. They're not that crazy about the French. And they are firm believers in the screenwriting rule of leaving no underdog-formula cliché unused.
Frankly, the droll Rickman is the most watchable thing about the movie. A subplot dealing with Bo's wine-savvy buddy (Freddy Rodriguez) has its moments, too, but isn't given enough time to come to its fruition.
Rickman adds a welcome astringency.
Verdict: Chewy, ripe and rounded almost to the point of flabbiness, it finishes rather cleanly; less satisfying is the fragrant bouquet, which contains notes of corn and all-wet underdog.
Even though the whole thing is based on reality, there's barely a moment that goes by that feels real.
It's the most amusing wine aficionado film since 'Sideways.'
If Bottle Shock were a wine, someone would probably call it amusing with a hint of apricot. I'd just call it a heck of a lot of fun.
Bottle Shock takes a fascinating historic event... and renders it as a sidelight to an overindulged father-son conflict and story lines that start out well but never go anywhere.
Bottle Shock is... utterly charming.
The re-creation of time and place seems authentic enough, and the performances are convincing, especially Pine's and Taylor's.
like a wine with a hint of bacon laced with melon, its contrasting elements coalesce to make Bottle Shock a palatable, if not thoroughly nuanced, experience.
Bottle Shock is a feel good movie in the best possible way. You'll want to bottle this feeling and take it home with you.
Unfortunately, Miller can't decide whether he's doing a relationship movie or one about the intrigue of world-class winemaking. Mingling the two left me with a somewhat sour aftertaste.
Comedy and drama are nicely balanced in this mostly true tale.
If you want some real poetry about wine, rent Sideways.
Stuff the cork back in: This wine movie was sold before its time.
I would pay to see this film again if only for Rickman... Rickman's performance, like so much of his work, is sheer perfection and a delight to watch.
The international competition serves as backdrop for a cloying tale of underdogs inspired by rather sudden patriotic fervor.
Its heart is so in the right place and its tableau so appealing that it's easy to come away from this sweet, scrappy film with a nice little buzz.
The movie provides Pullman with a lead role, which is something you can raise a glass to. But as for the rest of it? Sorry, but I'll have a Diet Coke instead.
To lay it out in terms that both an oenophile and a cineast would understand, if Sideways is the cinematic equivalent of an unopened bottle of the 1945 Mouton-Rothschild, then Bottle Shock figures to be akin to a plastic cup filled with 2007 Boone's Farm
Bottle Shock is like a discount bottle of wine you'll savor despite its apparent flaws.
This is a charming triumph-of-the-underdog flick, and mostly for one reason: Alan Rickman.
The writing rears its ugly head and manages to obliterate an otherwise interesting premise.
The only saving grace for 'Bottle Shock' is the finale, which features Rickman laying down the rules -----
A gorgeously photographed hybrid of education and entertainment.
Pour me a glass of Chateau Montelena and I'll drink to even an awkward film's telling of its story, and to the real Jim Barrett's standards and dedication most of all.
Bottle Shock isn' bad in any particular way; the acting is fine, the scenery is lovely...But who cares, right -- right.
The politics of making wine is a great subject for a movie, but this clunker doesn't do it justice; Bottle Shock is broad and coy where it needs to be smart.
It is not in the remotest sense a challenging or extraordinary film...cannot reasonably be described as anything other than adequate. But it is a pleasing film in a very simple way.
Irritating in its failures and clumsy in its successes.
A winning cast and a magnum's worth of subplots make Bottle Shock extremely watchable, perhaps a bit fruity, with grace notes of leather, oak and no ham.
More enthusiastic than genuinely entertaining.
The film follows the Rocky/Hoosiers template to the letter, not a single thing here either a surprise or shock. For some this will prove to be a winner despite that fact. For others, it will be nothing more than a shrug-inducing diversion.
a satisfying, if slightly syrupy entertainment
...the seminal event [of] the challenge, the discovery and the historic tasting takes [a] back seat to other plots.
The film is based on fact, but its texture is such that even the true bits feel trumped-up, and the fictional components add only the phoniest sort of conflict.
Why did I feel such affection for this scruffy, hokey little movie? Maybe it's the same logic that applies to wine-drinking itself: Sure, a great claret would be ideal, but an OK rosé is better than washing down your dinner with water.
Pullman almost single-handedly transforms Bottle Shock into a stirring fanfare for the common American entrepreneur.
Bottle Shock is something special: there's magic in it.
A delightful drama about the wine business and the yearning of three unfulfilled men to reach their potential.
Miller assembled a top-flight cast for his film: Alan Rickman plays Spurrier; Bill Pullman is Jim Barrett; and Dennis Farina portrays a flashy American wine buff named Maurice. These fine actors are shockingly misdirected.
a fine object lesson in the perils of perfectionism, snobbery, and preconceived notions
A sweet and easy supplement to summer.
As for the inevitable fudging of fact, it doesn’t bend the true story to its breaking point—on balance, Bottle Shock is an entertaining tour of wine country.
Whatta movie: booze, unhappy French people, Alan Rickman and really cool pickup trucks.
It's the kind of feel-good movie whose resolution is evident from the start, being based as it is on a true story. But that doesn't make the journey any less interesting.
Writer-director Randall Miller's third feature is a charming comedy-drama that's surprising true to the events that inspired it.
There's a rich narrative to be mined from this historical moment. Until that movie gets made, however, we've got Randall Miller's pandering take.
Bottle Shock comes on too strong and sours once the cork is popped, despite a delightfully over-the-top showing by Alan Rickman.
Just because a movie is energetic doesn't mean it can't feel sluggish.
The movie is simply not very good.
Beautifully shot by Michael J. Ozier, the dominating taste in Bottle Shock is Rickman's beautiful performance as a snob -- a snob who is secretly open to being delightfully surprised.
The soul of the grape, that thing that elevates a wine to greatness, proves here as elusive on screen as in the bottle.
Rickman's fish-out-of-water act (in farm country, the man never loses his suit and tie) makes for Bottle Shock's sunniest moments.
Director Randall Miller's visually beautiful, sun-drenched first two-thirds of the movie are worth the price of admission.
For all of its intermittent, crowd-pleasing charm, oenophiles (and cinephiles, for that matter) might be better off putting their money toward a good bottle of Robert Mondavi.
It's passable, while hinting at better things.
The characters are vivid, the scenery is lovely, and lines like, 'I detect bacon fat laced with honey lemon,' establish the silly seriousness of wine snobs.
Spends too much time cruising the sun-dappled California hills, tripping over potentially engaging dramatic possibilities and leaving them in the dust.
While it may not represent the best vintage, it goes down easily enough.
Perhaps inspired by the success of "Sideways," cowriter/director Randall Miller has taken the exciting true life story...in which the French unwittingly declared two Napa Valley wines superior to their own and turned it into an atonal hodgepodge.
What looked to be another Sideways, Bottle Shock turned out to be a very smart and well written take on a true story that even non-wine drinkers like myself could appreciate.
It lacks the character and depth of a product whose value increases with age. In other words, it's no Chateau Montelena '73 Chardonnay.
Although not entirely without its charms, the film comes up somewhat short and while there isn't much of anything wrong with it, there isn't much of anything right with it either.
A curiously languid, emotionally detached experience.
Sadly, Bottle Shock is far from a great movie -- a little too sweet to the taste, almost sickly so.
Based on a true story but overwritten into a cutesy, contrived mess, Bottle Shock is the Two Buck Chuck of wine movies.
A great story -- and a true one, more or less -- Bottle Shock nonetheless fails to deliver much in the way of entertainment.
A dreadful directorial effort, robbing the film of personality, wit, and enthusiasm just to run through endless scenes of uninspired conflict and predetermined resolution. Shock can be an absolute bore when it ignores wine.
Bottle Shock is more than the story. It is also about people who love their work, care about it with passion and talk about it with knowledge.
If movies were wine, Bottle Shock would be a pleasant varietal you'd find on the half-price shelf. Nothing fancy but tasty nonetheless.
Since it's fairly obvious where things are going, it's somewhat of a waste of time when all's said and done ... unless you're REALLY into wine.
Why is it so hard to make a true story feel real?
After Sideways and now Bottle Shock, it's official: I love wine as much as I hate movies about people who love wine.
A marvelous, beautifully made, feel-good movie that is guaranteed to revive everyone's flagging faith in American pride at home and abroad -- something in these sorry, perilous times we're desperately short of.
While arousing trepidations, this latest entry is oft-times digestible, thanks largely to its juicy subject.
The father-son Freudian melodrama in this mediocre picture is familiar and schmaltzy, but the historical background and socio-economic context of the U.S. and European wine industries are interesting.
Bottle Shock isn't a ripe grape so much as pure American corn.
Plagued by an endless war, inflation, rising unemployment, a weak dollar and borderline recession, we are treated to a crowd-pleaser that does not require us to pick up our brains at the box office on the way out.
A fascinating true story... is buried in a mundane story of generational conflict.
The only thing that differentiates this 'movie' from an infomercial is its unbearable feature length. If you have to sit through it, bring plenty to drink.
[a] thoroughly safe, slow-footed comedy
Rocky for wine aficionados.
Like a wine spread with more samples than any tongue can handle, Bottle Shock contains too much to manage it all well, including some painfully corny sections, but has a charming aftertaste.
Is there room in the world for yet another movie about wine? If the movie is Bottle Shock then nope.







@highlight

Bottle Shock fails to properly utilize the inspiring true tale at its core, settling instead for an ordinary, plodding account.