François Ozon's Young & Beautiful is an accomplished trifle.
It made me squirm.
[Young& Beautiful] works as an effective, if chilling, satire.
Francois Ozon's quiet sexual drama raises more questions than it answers.
It's a candid but insightful character study about adolescent impulses that feels more insightful than exploitative.
It became clear, as the movie wore on, that Ozon isn't interested in explanations, psychological insights, lessons, judgments, diagnoses, or any of the other stuff that normally preoccupies storytellers.
...echoes Luis Bunuel's 1967 classic Belle de Jour in some obvious ways
This is a different kind of coming-of-age story.
It is a nuanced look at a young woman's exploration of her own power, and lack thereof, as she rushes headlong toward adulthood.
Is she a virgin, or a whore? Surprise, she's both! This French drama about a teenager is infuriating in its reductive stereotypes.
Prostitution in polite society is still a nettle fearfully grasped. You see, society is not polite and it's about time movies stopped peddling that fluff.
The result is a movie that feels more like a lab report than any cogent exploration of the human condition, but again, it's this clinical approach that best approximates the female psyche as girls come of age.
Never amounts to anything more than its title's shallow descriptors.
Ozon's male gaze peers at a middle-class high-school girl selling sex to older men
Ozon keeps things simmering without quite boiling over, even when convention might demand it.
Trying to figure out Isabelle keeps the viewer engaged, and Vacth's focused acting justifies her being almost continually in the frame.
Ozon is grasping for something about the rudeness of sexual impulse and how intimates necessarily learn to look the other way, yet he comes to this idea too late in the game to make anything of it.
Accepts that there are a wide spectrum of mistakes made during youth, and time does no favors.
No Buñuel-like, "Belle de jour" surrealism, no enormous political canvas to be drawn and illumined, no reductionist pronouncements of psychology: just large, curious eyes, looking without hurt or hope or damage but also without affect.
Puts the Nymphomaniac series and Blue Is the Warmest Color in the shade.
Something happens to François Ozon's people when they get near the water.
There is just something slightly skewed, slightly uncontrolled, beneath Pailhas' reasonable exterior.
Vacth gives a luminous performance, but her character is less explored than her body, and that's the film's major shortcoming.
The result is both bracing and exasperating ...
Admittedly, watching a beautiful young woman on screen in various stages of congress can be a pleasant thing, but beyond the surface sexuality of the film [director Francois] Ozon doesn't really offer much more.
Neither perverse nor dismissive, acknowledging that her sexual experiences are as complex as those of any of the adults in her life.
Vacth, who is beautiful, angular and coltish, brings a quietly authoritative, contemplative, undemonstrative quality to the role: she has a mysterious, unreachable air that perfectly suits Ozon's approach.
I think it's interesting, I think it's sexy.
Intimate and erotic it's also a strangely restrained film, Ozon making sure that events never erupt and that emotions rarely boil over. It's a simmering, unresolved tale of secrets and discretion.
[VIDEO ESSAY] For his latest filmic exploration François Ozon addresses a complex mix of sexual, personal, social, familial, gender-based, and technological issues, inexorably honing in on a striking synthesis of generational catharsis.
Ozon is more interested in a woman's pleasure than her pain; he prefers films about small female triumphs, rather than their grand tragedies.
Vacth is persuasively adolescent at the outset, distressingly jaded at the finale, and in between, is entirely capable of making young-and-beautiful sex seem - as perhaps only the French can - ravishing, sensual and utterly unsatisfying all at once.
Ozon doesn't really spell anything out for us. He uses Vacth, a beauty who somewhat resembles the young Nastassja Kinski or Dominique Sanda, for her eerie, implacable hauteur. There is a mask behind her mask.
"Young and Beautiful" doesn't have the eerie power of some of Ozon's other films, like "In the House" or "Swimming Pool," but it is still a fascinating experience.
What is most striking about this movie is how un-self-conscious it is as it conducts a prurient and superficial inquiry into adolescent female sexuality.
Writer-director Francois Ozon continues in the absolutely riveting, ultra-voyeuristic vein he carried off with such consummate confidence in In the House with this equally mesmerizing study of yet one more adolescent with a deeply secret life.
Those who just want to admire the oft-naked Vacth will get their money's worth. Those seeking the usual fully realized Ozon drama will be disappointed.
The film is a potentially florid coming-of-age story that's remarkably cool to the touch, not nearly as outrageous in execution as it is by description.
It's an interesting picture, even when it doesn't reach any particularly volatile peaks, remaining exploratory without the usual cooling period of condemnation.
Vacth, like the movie, is beautiful and resolutely humorless.
Even if Isabelle's inner motives remain enigmatic, at least Ozon is interested in posing questions about rebellion and female desire that few male directors even bother to consider.
The film's increasingly unnerving story mostly unfolds with minimal flair, intensely focused as it is on its steely and enigmatic protagonist.
Chaptering the film into the four seasons seems like a device without real meaning or clear metaphorical purpose. It begins in summer, when Isabelle loses her virginity, for example
Ozon's films have often explored the intricacies of intimate relationships and in particular those of women. Despite the lure of the subject matter here, there is a lack of completeness about Young and Beautiful
It's a balanced and honest look at young sexuality, and thankfully never didactic in its approach.
"Young & Beautiful" is mysterious and erotic, though the ending may leave some as cold as Isabelle.
An engaging and well executed turn from the accomplished Ozon.
Vacth remains impressively vacant throughout, although the real prize in that respect must go to Ozon himself.
Ozon's unappetising message to middle-aged men seems to be: paying for intercourse can actually improve your marriage.
This is an intriguing notion and it would have been a better film had it been more fully explored.
In this tale of sexual awakening, the adolescent Isabelle is often naked and exposed; but we never once get under her skin.
Much of the picture feels - to these cloth-eared sensibilities anyway - profoundly and irredeemably dubious.
It is piquant, disconcerting, graceful, enigmatic, implacable - and just a little scary.
The crisp elegance of Ozon's style commands your interest, even as the film's blank psychology pays dwindling dividends.
An engagingly provocative French drama with an enigmatic central performance from newcomer Marine Vacth, and a superbly written script that steers commendably clear of the expected clichés.
Following the deft In The House, Jeune Et Jolie is another compelling study in youthful rebellion from director François Ozon.
Another typically assured piece of work from Ozon with a showstopping turn from newcomer Vacth. Expect to see a lot more from her.
Belo estudo de personagem ancorado por uma performance central sólida.
Ultimately, this film signals towards complexity without probing its subject matter fully.
keeps holding out a promise of insight into its young protagonist's mentality and makeup, but ends up merely observing her from a cool distance, as if through the binoculars from the opening scene.
He has made a movie that the Louis Malle of Lacombe, Lucien, or the Truffaut of The 400 Blows, would have appreciated, an explicit look at how our humanity gets lost.
It's the kind of film that's not afraid to acknowledge that people are fundamentally mysterious, and much of its power comes from the matter-of-fact way that it reconciles various perceptions of Vacth.
Though undeniably intelligent, "Young and Beautiful" would lack a compelling center were it not for Vacth's fascinatingly ambiguous turn, which shifts between aggressively seductive displays, reckless excitement and solemn regret.
A nuanced, emotionally temperate study of a precocious youth.
A fascinating contemplation of adolescent sexuality that will be a star-making platform for its young lead, Marine Vacth.
It's to Ozon's credit that he never serves up easy answers, and even after ample scenes of sex and showdowns with those closest to Isabelle, and even a scene with a psychologist, we're none the wiser as to what's driving her.
Ozon delivers an erotic odyssey with a social conscience, but it's all a little dull and impenetrable.
A typically slow-moving drama from François Ozon...
It elevates what could be just another ballad-of-a-hooker drama into something far more mysterious.
A tender, slyly funny and splendidly shot portrait of an adolescent prostitute that is easily the director's best work since "Swimming Pool".
A movie that bluntly shows a 17-year old girl exploding sex all over the screen.
As with many films by the prolific Ozon, there's an ephemeral quality to Young & Beautiful that makes it seem as if it's evaporating as you watch it.
Vacth has a seductive, covert intelligence. She may not let viewers in on Isabelle's motives, but she does suggest that something is going on. Audiences should be pleased to go with her, not knowing the destination but happy to take the trip.
Jeune & Jolie is an engaging character piece, with the excellent central performance of Vacth and some handsome and often understated cinematography from Pascal Marti being the main highlights.
Fans of the director craving another toothed, bracing effort will find themselves very much at home here.
Ozon wants to have it both ways with Young & Beautiful...Holding the cards back from the audience can be a rewarding experience, but here it leaves much of the filmmaker's own purpose not just open to interpretation, but to question.
The picture is reasonably compelling, particularly in the way Ozon outlines the tender relationship between Isabelle and one of her much older clients.
Winner of this year's Drive Award for having the most blatantly narrative songs shoe-horned in to reinforce a key message.
As fizzy and quenching as a pint of lemonade.
Jeune et Jolie plays a little like Belle de Jour, but quite without Buñuel's beady-eyed subversion; Ozon is more concerned with keeping the apple-cart tensely teetering, rather than crashing over.

@highlight

Ozon may not explore his themes as fully as he should, but Young &amp; Beautiful poses enough intriguing questions -- and features a strong enough performance from Marine Vacth -- to compensate for its frustrations.