A thief trapped in a house with a serial killer who collects and tortures nice families is all the preamble you will need to prepare for the terror that I hid from.
Plays like a collection of outtakes from some "Saw" script that never saw the light of day (or, heaven forbid, has yet to be made).
Felt a little bit dirty watching this ugly looking, stale bit of plotless torture porn.
The Collector has a strong co-lead in Josh Stewart; empathy for this wayward character and a depth that some deftly-handled backstory provides is very welcome.
It's not a classic, but I have a good feeling about The Collector as a new horror villain with a bit of mileage...
Some of the most fiercely inventive and twisted trap-based bloodletting we've had in ages.
Delivers gruesomeness but not a whole lot else.
It takes the rotting corpse of torture-porn out of the abandoned warehouse and Slovakian ruins and dumps it smack dab in the middle of your safe and comfy home.
Relentlessly bloody and just as relentlessly idiotic deathtrap thriller for the Saw crowd.
Another relentlessly violent rampage with no discernible point whatsoever.
A ludicrous, gratuitous torture porn with an idiotic ending. But within those boundaries it's absolutely at the top of its game.
'Horror romp' would be an apt description of the 90 minute story, only with the original concept detailed as a burglar breaking into a serial killer's home, it's difficult not to think what might have been.
This is a crass, silly and baffling slice of torture porn -- with the audience being tortured, chiefly with boredom.
It has a noticeably 80s retro vibe, while the sheer inventiveness of the slayings paper over a very thin and familiar storyline.
It's a truly creepy concept which, inevitably, leaves room for a sequel.
People are cut, tongues meet pliers and at one point a cat gets sliced in half. Beyond that, there's very little here.
A nerve-fraying new take on the home-invasion horror.
Sick is the word.
The Collector must be the laziest horror film of the year - the camerawork stinks, the action's boring and the plot holes are so glaring they wouldn't get past a lobotomised goose.
Dunstan makes his directorial debut with this fast-paced, suspenseful horror that wastes no time on pointless exposition, but instead tosses plenty of genuinely tense moments into this primal fear-fest.
Cat lovers: this is not your film - a nasty fate awaits the household moggy. Alas, poor Tiddles.
The Collector won't join the pantheon of horror movie monsters - unless somebody lowers the bar down to the ground.
Gruesome to the max. Not recommended, but obviously the director has a modicum of talent. Paul Chambers, CNN.
...a gritty and downright brutal horror-movie endeavor...
By shaving the plot and motivation to almost nothing, director Marcus Dunstan is pretty much fessing up his understanding that all anybody was ever interested in in the Saw films is the torture porn.
Watching The Collector becomes an experience not so much of dread as big virtual ouches.
If you didn't already know The Collector was written by two Saw franchise hacks, and directed by one of them, it would soon become as obvious as a fish hook to the face.
How I clamor for a contemporary horror film that understands that extreme gore does not equal genuine scariness.
Once things get rolling it's actually decent. But the first 25 minutes are flat and boring. Can't quite recommend it.
This ultra-sadistic, efficiently single-minded Grand Guignol endurance test plays like something cooked up by a clever 14-year-old devotee of Bloody-Disgusting.com.
I was somewhat startled to discover that it actually has a few intriguing qualities amidst the blood and guts.
A sub-Saw knockoff that manages to be brutal yet monotonous, not to mention monstrously unpleasant.
This is the sort of cheap bilking that separates completists from masochists; the brief suffering onscreen is nothing compared with the agony scary-movie buffs will feel after being so thoroughly cheated.
Exactly the movie you'd expect from a couple of guys whose main claim to fame is having written the last couple Saw movies.
Grisly horror film is smothered in blood and gore.
One of the more doltish entries in the torture subgenre.
One trap leaves a woman impaled on a movie screen, producing an image that succinctly if literally sums up a genre's cynicism.
The torture never stops.
A simple, basic, fast-paced horror thriller that wastes nary a frame on unnecessary set-up, languid exposition, or pointless subplots.
what happens when Dario Argento's Suspiria gives Elmore Leonard a drunken booty call.
There's some torture, a lot of blood, some deaths, the usual routine, but without any suspense or ingenuity.
There is no reason on earth 'The Collector' exists.
Saw meets The Strangers as introduced by Rube Goldberg. Oh, and there's spiders.
If the torture-porn genre isn't dead yet, this idiotic exercise in pointless sadism should kill it off for good.
A mean-spirited throwback to the nastiest, cruelest home-invasion movies of the '70s and '80s ... And I mean that in the best possible way:
Hardcore horror film with a storyline that resembles a particularly nasty Itchy and Scratchy cartoon.
It's just a good-ol-fashioned bloodbath. Rasputin could get behind that. And occasionally, I can too.
Amid all the blood and punishment [it] works the suspense chain along with a wrenching soundtrack and a gritty film stock that harkens back to the old horror flicks of the 70s
If a horror picture is supposed to scare its audience, then this one has misplaced that goal with an onslaught of broken limbs, chipped-out teeth, and melting pussycats.
Offers plenty of gore and stylish cinematography, but no imagination, surprises or intrigue. Ultimately, it's tedious, inane and increasingly preposterous, even if you're willing to suspend your disbelief and to check your brain at the door for 88 minutes
The early scenes promise a potentially novel cross between heist and extreme horror, but those hopes are quickly dashed.
Critiquing the filmic technique of this blatant horror franchise-bait is akin to quibbling with the shade of lipstick on a slaughtered pig.
Dunstan directs his first feature with a good eye, but the material doesn't feel as realistic as the duo might have hoped.
Parental Content Review
The editing and camera work are self-consciously stylish, as if to say "We're better than this." But the human and moral components are shortchanged.
A surprisingly stylish and confident high-concept thriller.
The Collector grafts a torture porn payoff onto a heist thriller setup with messy, illogical results.
Could there be a less appealing tagline to a movie than 'from the writers of Saw IV, V and VI?'
The Collector feels like the final, welcome nail in the bizarrely popular torture-porn coffin.
You will squirm, but aren't we getting a bit desensitized to these routine torture flicks? It's like seeing a pop songstress get naked for the billionth time -- yeah, she's hot, but we have all seen it before.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then "The Collector" flatters the heck out of "Saw."
Not pretty, but for a genre that consistently gets off on a Hanna-Barbera aesthetic to shock audiences out of their allowance money, it's interesting to see primal fear put back on the screen.
Lacks coherence and subtext, failing to trigger either revulsion or fear.
...an open-handed insult to fans of the horror genre. The storytelling on display is beneath remedial.
Dunstan clearly delivers what horror fans desire: a leap from their seats.
It's no shock that working on the past three SAW films has influenced the duo, and it shows in THE COLLECTOR, a raw, gritty and uncompromising horror film that puts the previous SAW film to shame.
The Collector signals much of what's wrong with torture porn.





@highlight

Increasingly tedious displays of gore makes this torture porn home-invasion-horror more programmatic than provocative.