It's all quite beautiful to look at at points, but it never indulges in the emotional weight of what's being portrayed and it manages to make this harrowing, hard-to-believe tale ... boring.
Unbroken is competent at best, and we know that Zamperini was a great man. But he was more than the sum of this movie's parts.
...Roger Deakins' photography is one of the best works that the regular Coen cinematographer has done... [Full review in Spanish]
There is surprisingly little emotional impact from such an incredible story.
Unbroken is one messy film that is poorly edited, a collage of scenes that never really come together as a whole, and an overly long repetitive pile of boredom
O'Connell and Ishihara bring a stunning sense of realism to their roles, which is a great reason why you'll want to watch this movie.
The movie's biggest error comes from its assumption that depiction equals explanation. This is untrue, especially not when so much depiction is painted with the broadest of strokes.
... so painfully generic that one could probably copy the review of any derivative WWII film and paste it right here.
Unbroken is by far Angelina Jolie's strongest directorial effort.
Unbroken is an odyssey detailing a harrowing ordeal and insurmountable odds. But this polished story feels conventional, overly long and not sufficiently involving. [Full review in Japanese]
Unbroken is a triumph-of-the-spirit film that devotes too much time to attempts at squashing that spirit.
The images are always compelling, the narrative often isn't.
Angelina Jolie has already proven she's a serious director. 'Unbroken' shows possibilities of her blossoming into a filmmaker of real significance.
[Unbroken] is a movie about forgiveness and enduring the unendurable, with a lot more of the latter than the former.
As a story about resilience and the power of human spirit go, this is an impressive one.
Absent the expected emotional waves, "Unbroken" can't even muster the surface tension of still water.
Jolie might have [made] a film that falters in tone and tempo, but her occasional ability to gracefully enter the human psyche and her eye for awe-inspiring cinematography proves that she is a director who has the potential to one day become a virtuoso.
There are all the earmarks of an old-fashioned human interest story shot through with a visual tenacity and dramatic earnest.
Unbroken falls short of the epic war drama and sweeping testament-to-the-human-spirit it strives to be.
For something that is supposed to be harrowing by definition, Unbroken never becomes much more of an ordeal than something akin to a wave machine unleashed in a calm, safe harbor.
Unbroken is a good film. But you can't help wondering what it would have been like if it had been made by believers ... or at least by talents not averse to considering the role of faith in human perseverance.
A long, grinding tribute to The Passion of the American.
Jolie's solidly old-fashioned film doesn't probe particularly deeply into its hero's psyche, but striking Oscar-nominated cinematography and O'Connell's compelling lead performance ensures it remains a rousing celebration of human resilience and courage.
Jolie's sentimental direction is forceful rather than reflective, stiffly moving from one tribulation to another without pausing to reflect on what any of this actually means.
"Unbroken" is the film that will bring hope and inspiration not only to American audiences, but those suffering in war zones and under dictators the world over. That makes it a far more dangerous movie to oppressors than "The Interview" could ever be.
Treads over familiar waters that still inspire and despite its flaws is a solid piece of work by its fledgling director.
They say that living well is the best revenge; in Unbroken, simply surviving is.
The two big aerial sequences are particularly accomplished, thanks in no small part to the ingenious work of cinematographer Roger Deakins and a battalion of brilliant designers and practical/digital effects technicians.
Irony is not allowed, only old-fashioned bravery.
Tales of wartime valour have been done to death, and frankly Unbroken brings nothing new to the table.
Although the self-made hero Zamperini deserves every bit of the respect the movie shows him, Unbroken could have done much less noble idolatry and much more edge and insight.
Jolie directs with a screenplay from, among others, the Coen Brothers, but she fails to make Zamperini three-dimensional.
Zamperini's life, documented so capably in Hillenbrand's book, really needed more than the perfunctory treatment Jolie gives it.
... So focused on its events that it forgets to give us much in the way of characters.
To be frank, as an actress Jolie has disappointed more than she has pleased. Thus, it would be a welcome mid-life shift to see less of her work before the camera and more of her work as a serious filmmaker whose defining trait is clearly compassion.
O'Connell is such a plank of stoicism I never thought he was at risk of breaking.
It is a handsome film, bleak and dark and elegantly filmed told with a mixture of intensity and something like restraint, even distance.
It's tough to watch but also hugely inspiring.
Despite some fine performances and well-staged sequences, Zamperini's story becomes strangely dull, thanks to the length and repetitiveness of many sequences. Jolie has talent, no doubt about that, and may one day make a really outstanding film.
That Unbroken barely made a mark this awards season says a lot about what went wrong. However, that it's a film which must be seen on the big screen, says a lot about what went right as well.
Zamperini's brother offers this message: "A moment of pain is worth a lifetime of glory." In really interesting movies, the opposite is true.
Laura Hillenbrand's exceptionally detailed and superbly written book is a vast, immersive experience; Angelina Jolie's sensitive and faithful film of it (with the help of the screenplay writers) is a visceral experience
Resilience and a willingness to forgive are the moral threads of this true-life personal story that Angelina Jolie has brought to the screen in a riveting, involving and powerful film
For the wider audience, it's not pride or liberation we feel but deep artistic constraint.
An average tribute to an extraordinary man.
Unbroken isn't much that we haven't seen in sports, wartime survival and defiance movies, but never happening to the same person. Even Steven Spielberg couldn't keep it wieldy. Jolie makes it. We'll take it.
...Jolie takes dead aim at the Oscars with Unbroken, and there's something to be said for the fact that her aim is true.
The film is simply concerned with what its subject survived, as depicted in brutal, repetitive detail.
The movie has no real identity and feels like it was made by a committee.
Glossily polished to an old school Hollywood sheen in every respect, from the honey-golden cinematography to, unfortunately, a programmatic and ultimately unconvincing slathered-on sentimentality.
It's an inspirational story for sure, but the film never quite shifts into third gear even as we care about Zamperini the entire time.
A serviceable job of depicting the amazing true story of a true hero but the movie can't live up to the story it was hoping to tell.
"Unbroken" is a rousing old-fashioned yarn with numerous exciting set-pieces and an uncomplicated hero you root for all the way through. It's entertaining throughout and made with a high level of technical skill.
If a movie could have a jutting jaw and steely eyes Unbroken would be the prototype.
It turns out to be a rousing, full blooded war movie but one which also sometimes feels derivative and a little heavy handed.
The material is indisputably dramatic but it hasn't been shaped or shot with any dynamism
Jolie's direction is competent and blockbustery. But no one involved cracked the strong-willed Zamperini, making for a stodgy, life-affirming biopic.
Four Oscar-nominated screenwriters -- Joel and Ethan Coen, Richard LaGravenese and William Nicholson -- took a shot at the screenplay, which remains stubbornly bland.
A straightforward and entirely commendable story about the triumph of the human spirit, etc.
Unbroken is a fairly flawless product: epic in scope and imagery, and faultless in all matters of technique. Yet Jolie privileges reliable indicators of quality over idiosyncratic impulses toward creativity.
"Unbroken" is a stirring film --- well worth viewing on the big screen. Louie's account of hope, the will to live and redemption has been an inspiration to millions --- and Jolie has preserved his tale for us beautifully.
"Unbroken" should be seen on the big screen if only to witness the jousting in the sky, orchestrated by 11-time Oscar nominee for cinematography, Roger Deakins.
An intermittently powerful effort from Angelina Jolie
... a stirring drama that also feels like a missed opportunity, given its true-life subject.
As vivid and relatable as the races, raft, wretchedness, and redemption may have been on the page, the on screen rendering manages to suck the life and vitality from Zamperini's ordeal.
"Unbroken" is a good, solid feature. Unfortunately, the subject matter called for something bigger and grander befitting the life of this heroic figure.
The Hollywood sheen of its early scenes distances the film from connecting, while later attempts to be gritty become repetitive and ultimately deadening.
"the ultimate effect is like the rich lady who hires the high-priced decorator to furnish her house and arrange for art on the walls. It's pretty, but it's not art, and it's not even all that comfortable."
The life story of Louis Zamperini is fascinating and wide-ranging, and it shouldn't even be possible to condense it into a movie as all-around misguided as Unbroken.
Unbroken is a beautifully realised survival epic.
[Jack] O'Connell's earnest portrayal of an American hero is both heartbreaking and intense.
"Unbroken" effectively portrays Zamperini's trials and pays proper tribute to his life, but falls short by failing to provide the vicarious experience of witnessing its hero's redemption.
An honorable, historical drama who's primary flaw rests in its being released too soon after a more-compelling biopic revolving around similar subject-matter.
Overall the film is too staid and reverential in its approach to Zamperini ... to linger as an inspiring tribute to his indefatigable spirit.
Given its subject, it should have been great, but it turns out to be simply good.
the lingering impulse is to take sides and wish violence upon others. I like to think that that couldn't have been the intention.
Somehow, in searching for the most photogenic, dramatically harrowing and heroic scenes from Zamperini's life, the movie "Unbroken" gives short shrift to the most interesting parts.
Masterfully directed with a script by a who's who of Oscar nominated screenwriters, "Unbroken" is easily the most inspirational film of the year as well as one of the year's best!
Jolie's movie is only interested in the gruelling POW endurances that were arguably the least interesting part of this inspirational life story.
An epic drama about an incredible life, "Unbroken" certainly is a story about surviving incredible odds, but it's not a vehicle for inspiration or revelation.
You can't break him. You just can't. And you won't. And by the end, you won't care if he breaks, but if he feels deeply.
Broken is Inspiring, shocking, and the true story of a real hero everyone should see.
Jack O'Connell is the most exciting young actor to break out in years, and he makes this overly familiar film worth your time... if only just.
Edifying, beautifully-made, but a bit monotonous and on the nose.
Unbroken reminds us that it's not what a movie's about but how the story is told that ultimately sorts the art from the artless.
Too distant and lacks the heart to get you fully invested.
In choosing to make the POW experience the crux of the film, the preliminary material goes on far too long as we await the story proper to finally begin.
Widely but not surprisingly spurned for year-end awards, Angelina Jolie's film is long, often tedious but pretty good. I hear the book is better but what book isn't?
In a well-made, but one-note film.
Louis Zamperini's is a great story, but 'Unbroken' gives less a sense of his actual personality than if it had been about a horse.
Unbroken is a fine biopic of a remarkable American, but it needed a little more fire in its belly to truly roar.
Released in the U.S. on December 25, Unbroken is a Jolie, Jolie Christmas.
"Unbroken" stirs a moviegoer by default; it's an astounding story of human endurance that has been brought a little too safely to the screen.
Angelina Jolie takes a conventional but confident approach to directing the amazing life story of Louis Zamperini.
So convincing is O'Connell's brutal portrayal that you don't doubt for one minute that he was the wild-card son of decent Italian immigrants who settled in Torrance, California.
There are some thrilling moments but the film feels less than a sum of its parts. And that's largely down to Jolie's one-note hero.
Angelina Jolie's Unbroken should have been called "Unendurable." It's the Oscar-season equivalent of torture porn.
It is a harrowing journey, and an inspirational one. But, as director, Jolie takes far too long to tell it, particularly in such a conventional manner.
A tale of endurance, "Unbroken" takes endurance to sit through.
Louis Zamperini's life would make a great movie, if only somebody knew how to make it.
Handsome, alert and intensely focused, little-known English actor Jack O'Connell is a fine choice as Louis. And Japanese pop star Takamasa "Miyavi" Ishihara shines as "The Bird,' Louis' sadistic captor and war criminal in training.
Unbroken is a fitting title for this excruciating cinematic treatment of the flyboy's ordeal. It plays like an endless, unrelieved gauntlet of suffering, an onslaught untempered by grace or redemption.
Full of resilience, hope and joy, "Unbroken" is one of the best movies of the year.
Intense WWII biopic is inspiring but doesn't go deep enough.
Unbroken is every bit the Oscar-bait movie one would expect, but is elevated by offering viewers several different types of great drama in one tightly woven narrative.
Good when it should have been great. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
The tale is there for the taking, but miscasting, violent repetition, and a lack of character depth make the picture feel forgettable, even during its most evocative and emotional moments.
If you can take it, "Unbroken" will lift you like the classics of adventure cinema.
It's the sort of movie that desperately wants to be taken seriously, a film that set out to be important, rather than relying on its strengths to actually be so.
What the movie ends up in desperate need of is a sense of life made real and palpable through dreadful, transporting details, not a life embalmed in hagiographic awe.
Gorgeously filmed, superbly acted, and directed with great sensitivity and compassion
A perfect storm of mediocre writing, poor directing and acting so bland, that sitting through the film's 137 minutes is its own act of survival.
If nothing else, it's certainly better than the last time a good-looking Hollywood star decided to direct a movie about WWII. But the less said about George Clooney's The Monuments Men, the better .
Jolie manages to take a remarkable story and turn it into a pretty unremarkable film.
An inspiring, though oddly unmoving, true story of American prowess, endurance and resilience.
Jolie has a knack for picking out small details, but as a director she is captivated more by the story's elemental sweep than its human components.
How could anybody make a film of Louie's story and omit his Billy Graham-inspired renaissance? Without this, Louie's story is just the story of every POW brutalized by the Japanese. What makes Louie's story unique is that he forgave.
Slow-moving, episodic and frankly over-refined.
Jolie gets the dirty/ennobling job done.
Despite its many impressive elements, "Unbroken" plays incomplete and unbalanced.
It's well-cast, it looks great ... and it certainly conveys a true story worth telling.
Jolie hasn't done a disservice to Zamperini's life, but it's hard to know what she was trying to tell. It's Zamperini's story in fact and circumstance, but somehow, he feels like an enigma.
For Jolie, it's all about the suffering, without much meaning.
As a castaway story, a historical drama and a portrait of an Olympian turned soldier, "Unbroken" is a touching and important work.
The screenplay ... is not interested in presenting Zamperini as a person, but it is clearly and deferentially impressed with its hero as an ideal.
Ultimately the lesson of Unbroken seems to be this: Louis Zamperini suffered horribly for America, so the least you can do is watch this movie about it.
Jolie presents one scene like it's from 'The Passion of the Christ.' Making Zamperini look like a saint--or more--seems like unnecessary sermonizing.
Zamperini's life story is genuinely inspirational, but the movie seems fashioned as a standard-issue profile in courage.
[Jolie] proves that a woman other than Kathryn Bigelow can direct a male-dominated military drama in a fiercely male-dominated industry.
The story is simply so incredible, and it's presented in such an interestingly old-fashioned way, that it's hard to leave the theater feeling less than inspired.
Angelina Jolie directs her second film with a surprising amount of confidence considering the scale of this war epic. But there are some novice mistakes.
One of the finest achievements of the 2014 film year.
Angelina Jolie may not have brought a whole lot of artistry to the remarkable life story of Olympian and World War 2 hero Louie Zamperini, but she sure does know how to let that story capture us up in its own true power.
A big film with a big heart, Unbroken is a deeply moving masterclass on resilience, self-belief, and fighting rebel spirit.
Unbroken ends up telling only a fraction of Louis Zamperini's remarkable life story. By focusing on the most extreme parts of it, he becomes a symbol rather than a three-dimensional person.
Unbroken is exactly the movie you expect to see -- which is a shame, because Zamperini's account is so incredible.
Unbroken may be as imperfect as it is impassioned, but it also precisely knows what story it wants to tell you, and how.
A paint by numbers retelling of a fantastic story that pulls at the heartstrings with cliche rather than true emotion.
Jolie and her star Jack O'Connell, so vibrant in this year's "Starred Up," never get us into Louis's head, instead offering up repeated motivational catch phrases.
Jolie smartly does not overstate the film's more horrific scenes, allowing the absurdity of the brutality to speak for itself.
Put together in a handsome, jumbled and overlong package,Unbrokenlooks great but fails to have the impact Zamperini's feats deserve.
Readers will be sorely disappointed by how shrunken Zamperini's experiences seem...feels more like a Hollywood formula than a hero's true story.
An honorable movie that, on paper, I should love...almost a secular Passion of the Christ...[with] little more sense of Louis' psychology or inner life than Caviezel's Jesus.
The only things missing are character and plot.
A dozen great movies could be made about the extraordinary life of Louis "Louie" Zamperini. The folly of this bland and broadly forgettable version is that it tries to be all of them.
You find yourself happy that this film exists, but wishing it were better.
"Unbroken" leaves you with enormous respect for what Zamperini endured but little emotional connection to it.
The array of strong performances do justice to a story has been floating around Hollywood for decades.
The array of strong performances do justice to a story has been floating around Hollywood for decades.
Never makes the emotional connection needed to turn its protagonist from a hero into a human being.
The bigger problem is that neither Jolie nor the script bothers to flesh Louis out as a fully formed person with faults and fears and regrets, which keeps the film from ever capturing you emotionally.
With stand-out performances from O'Connell, as well as Ishihara, there is certainly enough to warrant a recommendation.
More a series of similar events than a story, and lacks an underlying message except that torture hurts.
O'Connell is strong in the role, but since his character is often left to suffer alone, there's only so much he can do to connect with an audience.
A beautifully shot, well-acted, and worthy-to-a-fault Second World War survivor story that only intermittently achieves the kind of emotional impact for which it aims.
Angelina Jolie shuts up the naysayers and flashes colossal promise with Unbroken.
A difficult drama to endure. ... But those who choose to take this trip with Jolie will be rewarded by a handsome, harrowing Hollywood tribute.
Angelina Jolie brings verisimilitude as well as the courage of her convictions to her work as a filmmaker.
Well-crafted and compelling, but director Angelina Jolie's best contribution was casting the unknown Miyavi in a pivotal role.
"Unbroken" makes for a grueling experience, which is not quite the same as a memorable one.
The truest testament to the film's strength is the degree to which it all but achieves greatness.
Jolie has made a grand, solid movie of the Zamperini story, but O'Connell is the part of Unbroken that was truly worth the wait.
The movie gives us the first two acts and glosses over the third, reducing the most noteworthy component of Zamperini's story to an end credits footnote.
A good 45 minutes of the movie consists of showing Louis getting beaten up, then healing; getting beaten up, then healing, over and over.
I had hoped to eke 800 words out of a review of Angelina Jolie's second feature as a director if only for the potential headline, "Inglorious Alabaster: 'White Elephant Art' And Unbroken." But that way lies invective.
Though Jolie is shooting for Christ-like passion and redemption, she only ends up slathering one man's very real, very morbid struggles in the usual reductive "greatest generation" sentiment.
There are three movies in Angelina Jolie's 'Unbroken,' and you're bound to like at least one of them.
This passion project for Angelina Jolie shines with her abiding love for Louis Zamperini and his courage under fire. In honoring Louis' endurance, she does herself proud.
At least one can give the film points for consistency as this humdrum sentimentality certainly extends to the music with an appalling, pandering original credits song by Coldplay.
A triumphant, heartwrenching movie that is perfect for the holiday season.
Jolie has clearly demonstrated she has the chops to shoot a good movie; her next challenge is to make a personal one.
A film that amazes, entertains, and inspires admiration, even when it's not perfect.
Movies like Unbroken don't work if you lose sight of what makes them unique.
Fire Missing in Jolie's "Unbroken."
There's a lot to like about the movie. Its presentation is straightforward, chronicling Zamperini's amazing tale without flinching.
Jolie is more fixated on gore than grace. In making us feel every crushing blow - the better to burnish her reputation as a serious director - we're shortchanged on the beauty of Zamperini's story
This great, tough-skinned movie can stand with the muscular action dramas that are a crucial part of American movie canon.
Though O'Connell's vulnerable lead performance is terrific, Unbroken's unrestrained hero worship undermines the story.
I liked the way that Louis is played in this movie. He is a hero, but not totally defiant, and not always strong. He has his weaknesses, and that makes him more believable. The acting is excellent in the film.
Jolie is working in broad strokes, which isn't a sin. There are worse inspirations than the majesty and imperilled masculinity of David Lean.
The problem is that Jolie cannot bring herself to be selective, instead cramming all of these incidents into one movie. The result is a picture that never hits its stride.
Louis Zamperini had one hell of a life -- so momentous, in fact, that it would make a great movie. Turns out, that ends up being part of the problem.
Angelina Jolie shows a steady directoral hand in her second trip behind the camera, with a glossy and well-acted -- if conventionally told -- WWII saga.
A rollicking adventure about the indefatigability of the human spirit that falls some way short of its cinematic inspiration David Lean.
Just in time for the holidays, UNBROKEN is akin to 'The 12 Days of Christmas" ... unbearably repetitive.
Unbroken is a biopic that comes off as very standard and flat, bringing with it very little reason for the audience to get engaged in Louis' difficult situation.
Struggles to balance the epic and the personal, but ends up in the middle, never fully committing to either.
Unbroken is safely bland and unfortunately emotionless, feeling more like a reenactment than a proper cinematic retelling of Louis Zamperini's tremendous legacy.
Zamperini's bravery and will to live gets pounded into cinematic submission in Unbroken, and it's more relief than inspiration when it finally ends.
Inspiring and triumphant survival story, celebrating the resilient power of the human spirit.
At times, downright inept.
This is "a true story", we are told at the start - these things truly happened to Zamperini, truly a remarkable man. That makes it all the worse that such extreme suffering and heroism should be so unaffecting, actually boring.
With a true story that's almost hard to believe, this inspiring biographical drama is made with attention to detail and a remarkable resistance to sentiment.
It's just like an epic version of a motivational poster from Hallmark, deploying phrases such as "You gotta take it to make it" and pedantically connecting the trials Zamperini surmounted in his youth with the nightmares he faced during war.
It's moving, admirable, and occasionally exhilarating. What it's missing is the one thing that could always be counted on with Jolie as a star: the spark of danger.
The film's chief misstep is taking its title too literally, and ultimately depicting Louie as an indestructible, and thus largely inhuman, superhero.
An interminable, redundant, unnecessary epic devoted to suffering, suffering, suffering.
It's almost cheating to start out with a story this good, because Zamperini's life is better than most Hollywood scripts.
Though viewers suffering from 'inspirational biopic' fatigue won't be energised by its conventional storytelling, the tale within is so unlikely and so empowering only the steeliest of viewers could keep from being moved.
Any filmmaker who celebrates "a triumph of the human spirit" risks falling into hagiography. And that's what happens with Jolie's Unbroken, which dramatizes Zamperini's wartime ordeals as his Stations of the Cross.
Does not create the same impact as the best-selling book, but seeing it is almost a patriotic duty.
Unbroken stars the English actor Jack O'Connell as Zamperini and his performance is raw, brave and agonising.
Jolie means well, her movie is very loyal and well intentioned, but ultimately "Unbroken" is starchy and prudish; no hairs are left out of place other than those knocked by the umpteenth bamboo strike to the temple.
Jolie's polished memorial to Zamperini's astonishing wartime valour sees O'Connell on star-making form.
Left me unmoved by what is supposedly a moving story.
Two hours of saluting even the most deserving of heroes is enough to make anyone want to check their watch.
It is the second Angelina Jolie directorial effort that I can admire even if I cannot recommend.
Jack O'Connell's performance and the fantastic work done by Jolie and her team make this a far more effective story than one might expect.
Angelina Jolie's film as a director is a gorgeously shot and hardhitting old-school war drama - but still somehow fails to get under its subject's skin.
The film boasts both sheen and efficiency without always delivering an equivalent emotional impact. It's easier to be awed or impressed by it than moved.
Unbroken looks poised to break into the Best Picture Oscar race.
The film settles into a Forrest Gumpian groove that doesn't glorify the human spirit so much as sap it.
This will be a tough film for some to take. But it also has strong appeal as an extraordinary survival story, and Laura Hillenbrand's first-rate book that inspired it has not been on the best-seller lists for four years for nothing.
Jolie doesn't vary the pace or tone much during the raft and camp sequences and while she mostly avoids POW movie cliches she doesn't find much to put in their place to explain Zamperini's fortitude.
"Unbroken" is a fascinating deconstruction of a man beaten to his core. An enlightening story, featuring star-making performances, and an abundance of masterclass filmmaking techniques.
Though high-minded and well-intentioned - as well as being conceived on an epic scale - there's something faintly stodgy and safety-first about the endeavour.
A bit embalmed in its own nobility, it's an extraordinary story told in dutiful, unexceptional terms, the passionate commitment of all involved rarely achieving gut-level impact.

@highlight

Unbroken is undoubtedly well-intentioned, but it hits a few too many of the expected prestige-pic beats to register as strongly as it should.