The story should have added up to an interesting and exciting movie, but it didn't for me. It was not due to Sheen's acting, but rather to a boring and confusing script.
The Damned United eliminates the existential anguish and pain that propelled Peace's novel, and curtails its lowering style.
as foreign for American audiences as a story about one of Billy Martin's stints with the Yankees would be in the U.K.
If soccer is a Shakespearean drama, then The Damned United is Richard III.
Michael Sheen has played vampires and werewolves, but works up his most insatiable bloodlust as Brian Clough in this sharply observed, superbly acted drama that realizes sports forms as nasty a symbiotic relationship with a nation's people as politics.
Morgan, Hooper and Sheen have crafted a moving, funny and loving tribute to the spirit of a man who effortlessly defined the spirit of the greatest sport ever.
A provocative, darkly funny and particularly damning character study of hubris couched in idealism.
This slice of British football sports history won't have any cultural resonance for us Yanks... but the portrait of ambition and hubris run amok resonates in any arena...
"The Damned United" is a fascinating look at a very complex man, both talented and tone-deaf, arrogant and insecure, caring and hard-hearted.
Finds its riveting story in the locker-room and board-room wranglings of competitive team leaders, and dissects them with documentary-style precision.
Refusing to devolve into a routine sports flick (see Invictus), The Damned United is instead more interested in the off-field clashes than the on-field skirmishes.
Offering just enough football to satisfy the fans in the stands, The Damned United is also a pleasingly high-quality British drama with some terrific performances.
That Clough is still remembered enough to have a film made about him is no surprise. But that he is remembered fondly suggests memory is a dish best served cold.
THE DAMNED UNITED is an intriguing study in human ego, and its ability to interfere with sound management.
Sheen gives a magnificent performance. His Clough is a character you can neither like nor admire. You watch this walking train wreck in amazement as he continually steps on his own feet with his overactive mouth.
...the real story isn't about football, but about the competing agendas of two strong-willed individuals: one apparently playing the supporting role to the other's lead...
egoless acting, tight editing, and intelligent dialogue
...nothing like a conventional sports bio-pic; it's a character study of a difficult personality, a charming, enigmatic victim of self-sabotage.
Two things that the British know that most Americans don't: Michael Sheen is the best actor in the English-speaking world; and soccer is the only football that matters.
Michael Sheen is pitch perfect again in this tale of a man and his ego
'The Damned United' is a soccer movie that's really about a man's struggle with his most dangerous opponent--his own ego.
The Damn United has a far better chance of turning American blokes onto soccer, errr, football than David Beckham's frosted tips.
As a film inspired by British football, this may hold limited appeal for American moviegoers. But it's also a film about a form of spurned love, which means it's a story about love and hate, which means it's a movie that everybody can relate to.
It's too easy to dismiss Sheen's work as basic mimicry; in fact, Sheen's Clough is his most intricate work thus far.
The Damned United is a most entertaining study in obsession wrapped in a traditional sports movie.
Tou don't need to know your Arsenal from your Hull to appreciate the one fact of life that Clough learns too late: Pride comes before a fall, and the pitch provides no safe haven from the excesses of the self.
The Damned United beautifully demonstrates that, if you pair a truly gifted screenwriter with terrific actors, cinematic magic is possible, perhaps even likely.
The Damned United is a thoughtful and entertaining study on the perils of ambition that has little to do with soccer and a lot to do with being human. Well-played.
Sheen's Clough is as good as his Tony Blair and his David Frost -- which is to say he is absolutely remarkable.
A film whose likability lies almost completely on the shoulders of Sheen's Clough.
One of [its] primary pleasures...is that, in choosing a topic as narrow and parochial as the fate of an English soccer club, Morgan has relieved himself of any duty to persuade us that the events he describes are of world-historical import.
A finely constructed and fiercely entertaining soccer movie that deals more in pride and obsession than penalty kicks.
[Michael Sheen] adds to his gallery of public figures (Tony Blair, David Frost) with a sharp performance here as the legendary UK soccer coach Brian Clough.
a wonderful story, excellently told and without all sorts of manufactured drama
The Damned United will be savored and appreciated when considered for year-end prize consideration. Don't wait till then to see it.
Parental Content Review
Like a tense World Cup match, there's a lack of scoring, but it is still riveting.
Imagine an in-depth movie about a sequin factory in China that assumes we are already familiar with all of the details of sequin making, and you have an idea what it's like to sit through The Damned United.
While there's plenty of action, much of it satisfyingly wet and muddy, the reason to watch this film is its splendid cast.
Even if you're not a soccer fan you should respond to...another expert mining of historical record by Peter Morgan [that's] not so much a sports movie as a character study.
[A]n absolutely thrilling story, one both hilarious and poignant, about a man who is downright classical in his flaws... Michael Sheen, who always has a hint something impish and elven about him, is absolutely perfect...
With the screenplay by Peter Morgan ("The Queen", "The Last King of Scotland", "Frost/Nixon"), films don't get much better than this.
Michael Sheen has built a film career playing real-life celebrities, political and otherwise. Here's hoping he keeps it up.
Sheen is wonderful.
Their close, symbiotic relationship is the film's linchpin and the final scene where the estranged, gruff men finally make up, almost like sweethearts, has to be seen to be believed -- yet somehow Sheen and Spall manage to pull it off.
Like a skill player who just can't score, The Damned United is all dazzle and no finish and, ultimately, damned frustrating.
Thanks to Michael Sheen's innate charms, Brian Clough is redeemable even at his meanest and most self-destructive.
Sheen's performance is controlled fury, barely touching ground as he presents Clough as being the very picture of a delusional fool.
As fine a sports movie as it is, The Damned United is as much a bromance as I Love You, Man. And it's touching, too.
While it's true that a couple of the characters are vivid creations, it's hard to glean what else Morgan sees in this story, which he adapted from a novel by David Peace, besides a showcase for Sheen. Mostly, that's enough.
The enigma of Brian Clough has long fascinated British fans. The Dammed United offers no easy explanation, but plunges into the mysteries of the personality.
Performances are fabulous; Michael Sheen almost tops his previous outings as Blair and Frost with this and Spall, Meaney and Broadbent are just so solid.
In addition to the textured damp British landscapes, the film convinces on the strength of impassioned performances by Sheen and Timothy Spall as his assistant manager and muse, Peter Taylor.
A compelling, sprightly and heartfelt drama. Michael Sheen deserves an Oscar.
...one of the best sports films ever made, despite the paucity of play on the actual field. Many think Sheen has been unfairly overlooked by the Academy for past performances, but his Brian Clough is a career best.
You may have read that it's hard to follow The Damned United if you don't follow soccer. Hogwash -- all you need is an interest in the egos that drive professional sports.
Sheen and Spall hit the pitch running at full steam, their multifaceted and constantly evolving relationship the film's gripping heart and soul.
Just as a great player can take an average team to surprising heights, Michael Sheen turns an ordinary sports movie into an unexpected winner.
Superb acting from an exceptional cast makes this story about soccer, not the most popular of sports in America, an enthralling entertainment.
The rare sports movie that deals with humiliation and disappointment.
Fascinating storytelling, beautiful cinematography and the most complex and riveting lead characters imaginable.
As the two coaches head for a faceoff in a climactic live TV interview, writer Morgan starts to seem like a rip-off -- of himself.
What vaults the film above the standard sports movie is the stellar performance by Michael Sheen.
The performances by Michael Sheen and Timothy Spall give the picture the dramatic heft it needs to tackle a narrative far beyond the purview of a standard sports flick.
[A] very vivid, affectionately prickly film.
Though his notoriously big mouth often got him into trouble, Clough is a great character for Sheen to play because his personal charm invariably -- but not always -- got him out of the difficulty.
Those who give it a whirl will discover a delightfully comic and sympathetic portrayal of British life in the hardscrabble, ciggies-and-lager '70s.
At this point, the Morgan/Sheen roadshow may have finally run its course, but together they have a knack for understanding the recent past through men who are crafty and irreducible, usually despite all appearances to the contrary.
There's nothing innovative about The Damned United, but it does exactly what it sets out to do with a clear sense of character and purpose, helped immeasurably by Morgan's rich dialogue and crafty structure
Classy light drama gets its larger than life scope from Brian Clough's own massive ego and Michael Sheen's sharp performance in the role.
Because United prefers human and industry conflict over playing field disputes, it makes the film an accessible and spellbinding showcase for tightly-suited antagonism and venomous verbal spray. This is a first-rate drama.
Do you have to love soccer to love this movie? No. You just have to love good acting.
[Sheen is] dazzling here, finally cut loose.
The great cast includes Timothy Spall as the assistant manager, Colm Meaney as Clough's nemesis, and Jim Broadbent as a sports exec who'd make George Steinbrenner nervous.
These actors are good at what they do -- like those soccer players that dodge and weave with effortless grace.
There's hardly more than five minutes of actual ball-kicking onscreen, and what's there is mostly seamlessly stitched-in archival footage. Diehard fans may actually feel shortchanged by the strategy. But it makes for more accessible drama.
Sheen, so wonderfully restrained as Tony Blair and deliciously self-aware as David Frost, finds a kind of mania that sends sparks shooting from Clough's eyes.
The parallel-tracks structure smoothly reveals cause-effect relationships even as it sometimes feels designed to gussy up the narrative's straightforward rise-and-fall arc.
Quite enjoyable, even for those of us who don't follow British "football."
Soccer aficionados and anyone interested in this period of English soccer will be drawn to this character-driven story about sporting ambition... Somehow the film never quite hits its target, despite the elements and the team that delivers them
A sports bad boy - well acted and photographed. I'll give it that.
Vile, hateful and undeniably funny.
You don't have to be a soccer expert, or even know all that much about the sport, to get sucked into the competing personalities and personal dramas of The Damned United.
Despite a rich and complex, powerhouse performance by Michael Sheen, it's hard to sell a biopic when many movie-goers have little awareness of either the subject of British soccer history.
The rise and fall of Brian Clough, fired after six weeks on the job from England's most successful soccer team. Excellent performances highlight an otherwise tepid biopic.
A fairly standard and straight-forward biopic, but Sheen just has a way of personifying these public figures [and it's] another role perfectly suited for him.
Add an extra star rating for footie fans.
A sports rivalry poisons everyone in this British soccer movie based, loosely, on a true story.
It devolves into a morass of bitterness, losing even the rooting interest in the underdog that makes the formulaic structure of most sports films forgivable.
...Michael Sheen solidifies his status as this generation's Laurence Olivier...
Michael Sheen's flamboyant performance as a football (soccer) manager makes him a credible nominee for end-year film awards.
Thoroughly entertaining, cartoonish romp, part nostalgia fest, part buddy movie. You do not have to like football to enjoy it.
The Damned United is an entertaining and perceptive film.
Another man-of-the-match performance from Sheen saves this from mid-table mediocrity.
An incredibly entertaining 95 minutes spent in the company of one of the game's most interesting characters, and a testament to the way in which friendship can save us in our darkest hour.
Clough may have trampled on a few people's feelings, but nobody got killed. That said, there's enough drama in this 90 minutes to rival England vs. Argentina.
Chameleon Sheen gives another terrific performance in a compelling, funny drama you don't have to like soccer to enjoy.
Hooper's cinematic debut is a mixed affair; a visual flair that perfectly encapsulates the period is blessed with some wonderful editing that tells the story from a dramatic, rather than sporting point of view.
The Damned United is really a tale of male camaraderie, sporting rivalry and the flawed nature of a man who many consider the greatest manager that England never had.
It romps along with an effortless bounce and charm. How much will stay with you, though, is another matter.
A colourful script, gorgeously cinematic direction and blistering central performance by Sheen make this one of the most entertaining biopics in recent memory. And it's definitely not just for football fans.
It is, as such, a very British tale and a contender for football film of the decade.
Smarter than Escape To Victory, more fun than Bend It like Beckham, but not quite the title-winning charge we were hoping for. Might challenge for a Champions League spot though.
Sheen thrives in the guise of the idiosyncratic Clough in a brilliantly candid, if bitty, football parable.
The biggest failure is the film's portrayal of the Leeds team: the oddly-coiffured lads are never more than a unit and the calamity of Clough's time in charge too much of a given.
Anyone who has ever kicked a leather football in anger - when they were brown, permanently sodden and weighed 10lb - will almost certainly love this.
This is a fresh, intelligent transformation, terrifically involving all the way through; it has responded to the human drama and found a persuasive anti-hero in Clough. His story has been recreated as mainstream entertainment with tremendous watchability.
The Damned United zips along, is often funny and will give football fans of a certain age an enjoyable memory rush.
Hooper's film rattles along crisply, with the director mixing punchy tussles on and off the field.
Brilliant and possibly the best British film of the last 5 years.
This is a unique film, the best yet about English football. I enjoyed every one of its 93 minutes. There aren't many movies I wish could have been longer. But, this is one of them.
The film does a fine job in recreating England of the 60s and 70s - big cars and rubbish clothes - but is less convincing when actors are called upon to play footballers.
This enjoyable but uneven biopic is a TV movie with ideas above its station.
Start cheering because The Damned United is the first great football movie and it's going to be bigger than Clough's head.
Morgan, scanning the book and deciding (perhaps shrewdly) to lighten it up, has fashioned for Michael Sheen, the actor formerly known as Tony Blair and David Frost, his best comic role yet.
This is the Life of Brian, and nobody else's. As such, it's never dull, and in many little details it's a back-of-the-net pleasure.
Enjoyable, confidently executed and well-played, though there may be more than a touch of the Tony Blairs about Sheen's Clough.
The Damned United is highly watchable, a comedic fiction that happens to be mostly fact.
People who haven't read the book will see a charming account of a man who will forever be a football legend, because he was witty and smart in a world dominated by money-grabbing dullards.
Hugely enjoyable, sharply written and superbly directed British drama, with a terrific central performance by Michael Sheen.
It's a little beauty of a film, made with immense skill, good humour and no small amount of affection.
If it was a football team it would be up there with the high scoring big hitters, sitting second or third in the table.
The casting (Meaney as Revie, Spall as Taylor) is exemplary, the on-pitch action stylised yet credible, and it's heartening to see a British feature addressing a history that doesn't involve princesses or socialites.
If I say I was totally won over by this little movie then imagine a vegan praising Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall's hideous slow-braised squirrel dish. It really is that unlikely.








@highlight

Better than your average football pic, Damned United is carried by another star turn from Michael Sheen as Brian Clough.