Brick is quotable, clever and cryptic...
...it's impossible not to wish that the first-time filmmaker hadn't leaned quite so heavily on the antiquated shenanigans.
Smart, stylized teen whodunit with violence and drugs.
Noir fits "Brick" like a glove, stylishly injecting assured tough talk, vice-grip tension, black humor, striking sound design and gunshots sounding like locker doors slammed on options. A great detective story and, for some, a high-school flashback.
The movie's rigorous dark-lined elegance leaves a punchy aftertaste
That rarest of things: a movie called 'unique' that actually is.
Mostly lives up to the hype.
This glorified student film is only barely elevated by the talented Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Brendan Frye a noir-speaking California high school misfit caught in the violent middle of a drug gang responsible for the death of his ex-girlfriend (Emilie de Ra
Brick is a black-comic ballet through the peculiar terrors of suburban adolescence...
Whatever it is, wherever it is, whenever it is, it's not remotely like anything else out there.
Brick exemplifies the difference between a cinematic talent show and mere karaoke.
the school's cliques, cants and "class" politics are shown to be as amoral and impenetrable as any criminal netherworld dreamt up by Raymond Chandler.
An innovative ride that carries the viewer into a world familiar from genre films and the novels of Dashiell Hammett, yet quite unlike anything we've seen before.
A refreshing private-eye thriller in a style now widely identified as neo-noi.
A good whodunit with some references to films made in the 1940s.
BRICK announces the arrival of a very unique voice in Rian Johnson.
I can't really recommend it to anyone, unless it's one of those lazy video nights and you're in the mood to experiment.
Exercício de estilo corajoso e eficiente, o filme busca (com sucesso) ambientar sua trama noir em um colégio norte-americano, criando um "detetive" adolescente saído diretamente da forma que gerou Philip Marlowe e Sam Spade.
Suburban kitsch gets played fast and loose.
The teens in Rian Johnson's striking debut feature Brick express themselves in jargon that sounds as if lifted straight from the pages of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler.
Brick is just an elaborate noir send-up, and an enjoyably kooky one at that
Un thriller élaboré avec une vigueur et un savoir faire indéniable dont on doute par contre de la crédibilité à quelques reprises
The genre itself is one of my favourites, but I am uninvolved and unmoved by Brick; it's like a teenager dressed in dad's overcoat.
Johnson has mixed together 1940s-style slang and his own jargon to create a lively, imaginative script that keeps the viewer guessing. Hammett would certainly have been pleased...
It's a fun, involving concept, but it tends to weaken the more you think about it.
What's most impressive here isn't the conceit of the premise but the economy of the direction, as when Johnson uses a few simple shots and an off-camera clanging-metal sound effect to cause us to feel the pain of a thug crashing head-first into a pole...
The self-consciously mannered rat-a-tat-tat dialogue also mines a neat overlap between teen slang and noir patois, both of which can be indecipherable to non-initiates.
While Brick is chock-full of the characters, language and imagery of classic noir, it is in fact set among contemporary teenagers. It's a gimmick, but it's a damn fine gimmick.
While it looks to the past for inspiration, Brick is very much a post-modern film of today.
After discovering his girlfriend has been murdered, a high school geek attempts to unravel the mystery in what may be the best teen movie you've ever seen.
More than a novelty and it's occasionally mesmerizing, but without the affectation of dialogue, it hardly rises above after-school special.
Johnson's sources of inspiration for Brick put forth tough dicks and dames in a cold, uncaring universe. Glum teens are a clever and natural evolution for the genre.
Oddly entertaining, and fascinating in its pure audacity and wit.
This year's Donnie Darko? Brick is in a class of its own, showing neither a hint of pretension nor convolution.
Even with its shortcomings, Brick provides solid thrills for film noir fans.
Bizarre and ingenious neo-noir from US writer-director Rian Johnson.
Like the best noirs, Brick is a triumph of attitude, and there's no arguing that its brand of deadpan cool is precisely unique.
In the wrong hands this material could have gone awry. But screenwriter/director Rian Johnson's first feature never takes the easy way out.
A smart, original neo-noir that works as an ingenious mindgame as well as a slick Hollywood calling card.
The movie's ambience, most apparent in its slangy hardboiled banter, is unprecedented and invigorating.
It's great to see Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Mysterious Skin) in the juicy role of a high-school gumshoe on the trail of his estranged girlfriend's killers.
A fascinating experiment that doesn't always work but is definitely worth seeing.
...a bit of a one-trick pony. Good thing it's such a neat trick.
A respectable if not entirely worthy addition to the burgeoning neo-noir film genre.
It shouldn't work, but thanks to Johnson's inventive screenplay and a terrific lead performance by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, it mostly does.
Although it's not The Big Sleep, Brick is hardly a snooze.
Alas, Brick, from writer-director Rian Johnson, isn't as clever as its conceit.
Once you get past the movie's low-budget look and its (sometimes) badly miked actors, you appreciate the craft of Johnson's teen noir, especially the dialogue.
So fantastic it's scary.
A brilliant way of converting the cryptic communication and allegiances of high school into a potboiling mystery. You'll leave the theater giddy with excitement.
First-time filmmaker Johnson intriguingly combines film noir with the American teen drama to create something truly engaging. Besides being almost pathologically gripping, it also redefines both genres in the process.
I felt like I was watching a bad film school rehash of Godard in the most contrived manner. But somewhere along the way, this flagrantly self-affected and at times dementedly jocular piece of art-house trash earned my respect.
Brick is smart -- perhaps too smart for its own good at times. But in the end, its affectations add up to entertainment.
The clever notion of presenting high school life with the artificiality of a high school play isn't compelling in practice.
The relationships are unclear, the motives less so, but the idea has potential. Tries a little too hard to be hard-boiled, sacrificing development.
Although Brick can be a bit thick, you have to admire the effort.
Amateurish noir knock-off ... A Walter Mitty fantasy with training wheels.
Never really offers an adequate justification for its central genre-transplant conceit.
A richly textured and abstract teen thriller.
a startlingly original, wholly engrossing, and brilliantly plotted piece of work
While this plot is heartbreaking and high school movie generic, the execution is lively and deft.
There's no denying that Brick is weirdly expressive, often when it seems most artificial. What begins as the most gimmicky sort of genre retread somehow evolves into that most elusive of films: a personal statement.
Brick drops down like a frenzied teen fever dream of criminal patter and hairpin plot turns. A word to the wise: Pay attention, or you'll feel a lot less wise.
It is possible to leave Brick without fully appreciating how all the pieces fit together, but still satisfied by a well-crafted tale undertaken by a director who pays homage to a film tradition in a truly original way.
Brick is a first feature for Johnson, and while it's not an unqualified success, it definitely marks him as a young filmmaker to watch.
Johnson isn't the first director to subvert suburbia, but he's probably the first to have done such a fine job of it on his first outing.
Brick is kinda brilliant and kinda demented, and you love it for the former far more than you hold the latter against it.
The action is raw and immediate. The film is unsettling to look at, all bathed in a cool blue light and with an intensity about everything that will remind you, and not in a pleasant way, of how large the world looms when one really is in high school.
It's a clever gimmick, cleverly wrought, offering further evidence that you can dress up the student body in all manner of garb for all types of genres.
If Brick isn't totally successful, it does make Johnson a director to watch.
Yet in being so unlike the typical high school flick, it captures anew the alienation, the ridiculously earnest intensity of feeling, the insularity of experience that are part and parcel of those blunder years.
The enormously entertaining Brick blows you away with its artful reinvigoration of a popular filmmaking genre.
The mystery feels elementary and his characters, though compelling as sketches, remain one-dimensional from the first to the last good-looking frame.
Brick is almost fiendish in its insistence on finding modern-day parallels to classic pulp-fiction figures.
Johnson's triumph is not that he applies noir style to a teen setting, but that he uses it to give teen concerns - love, drugs, friendship -- a fresh and vital forum.
Assumes that you know film noir and then that you won't mind high-schoolers trampling one of your favorite genres. An admirable attempt that falls short in the end.
Enjoyable but thin, an exercise in style in which the appearance almost compensates for the lack of substance--but not quite.
First time writer/director Rian Johnson makes a striking debut with his modern mystery that pays more than just homage to the works of Dashiell Hammet
Everyone is smart and everyone assumes that everyone else is smart. That includes Johnson and his high regard for his audience.
Things are played hard and fast and mean and lean ... [Levitt's] dogged, world-weary demeanor does the old-time gumshoes proud. So does this weird, glorious freak of a movie.
... an inspired time-warped teenage film noir.
It has insolent wit, a taut style and strong characterizations. But it lacks the special quality needed to make a movie spring to life, a divine spark of real imagination.
There are a million stories in the naked city, and Brick never gets around to telling any of them.
Even as you struggle to keep up with its speedy chatter and multi-character complexity, Brick is always entertaining.
Brick would be better with a bit more Lynch in its soul, but Johnson is his own man, and I look forward to what he comes up with next.
This movie leaves me looking forward to the director's next film; we can say of Rian Johnson, as somebody once said about a dame named Brigid O'Shaughnessy, 'You're good. You're very good.'
What sounds like a stunt, or a genre-mashup oddity like Bugsy Malone, proves to be a sharp, tongue-in-cheek exercise, balancing deadpan menace with well-timed comedy.
Johnson also grabs hold of a fundamental truth and seduces us with it: The schoolyard can be the noirest burg of all.
You can't deny the fellow who made it has talent.
Johnson takes the regular travails of high school life - romances, cliques and clashes, teenage pregnancy and drugs - and applies the stylings of Dashiell Hammett for a schoolyard film noir that never plays as gimmicky as it might sound.
It may be a little predictable, but it gets points for style and for making the effort to be different.
The single most satisfying cinematic experience of 'Brick' lies in witnessing director Johnson's matter-of-fact transformation of the contemporary American suburban landscape into a moral stage of mythic proportion.
The film plays out like any pulp detective story, the clueless mom in the 'pin's house is really disconcerting, but as a minor action flick, it does what it's supposed to.
A gritty, knotty high school-detective story that casts a long noir shadow.
Brick is as difficult to categorize as its hard-boiled, made-up lingo is hard to understand -- neither of which should deter anyone from seeing it. It's rare to see a debut as witty and assured as this.
Forget the media-saturated affectations that surrounded Brokeback Mountain and Crash. The real vicious truth is the state of the American teenager.
Rian Johnson's "Brick" is a rare animal, a high school movie with bite, a teen movie with edge and attitude to spare.
The ghost of Dashiell Hammett haunts the corridors of a nondescript suburban high school in this odd but engagingly off-kilter thriller.
It's Gordon-Levitt's pitch-perfect work that makes Brick a hardboiled treat.
It's an A+ film school exercise with zero emotional or social impact.
Brick cops the lingo and the hard-boiled attitude of the great 1930s and '40s detective novels. It's a marvelously smart and literary conceit. I just wish it worked better than it does.
Realism is beside the point, and much of the film works, despite a pointlessly convoluted plot and dialogue in a presumably invented patois.
The conventions of films noirs ... shrivel in the bright California sun. There's no reason 'Brick' should do this, of course -- which is to say, there's really no reason for 'Brick.'
The freshest take on the genre since Reservoir Dogs.
Brick's low-key, post-modern approach (indie-film euphemism for on-the-cheap) mingles '40s and '50s costume accents with the institutional drab of a suburban high school.
The actors play it with poker-faces, but the further we go into the noir territory of hard-boiled, fast-paced dialogue and dames wrapped in crimson and black, the more ticklish Brick gets.
Brick will make you dread high school all over again.
Wisely conscious of its own inherent absurdity in combining afterschool intrigue with a hard-boiled atmosphere.
Meant to put a distinctive stamp on the film, the dialog grows increasingly tedious and manufactured, especially when the locations don't match the same sense of fantasy.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, does that apply when an idea is taken, massacred, and awkwardly plopped in a high school setting?
Evokes the real feelings of those high-school years, when teenaged personal politics felt bigger than life and every emotion was amplified to the level of heartbreak.
Rian Johnson's flashy cinematic stunt grafts the hard-boiled argot of Dashiell Hammett onto an upscale Southern California high school.
If John Hughes had directed The Maltese Falcon instead of John Huston, it might have looked an awful lot like this.
"...packed with geeky allusions to everything from Raymond Chandler to Blue Velvet"
The unspeakable dialogue is so incomprehensible it seems like a whole new language.
Akin to David Lynch on an off day.
An audience can easily become frustrated by the omnipresent beatings.
More tedious than tense ... it never rises to more than a lame exercise in style.
Brick represents an impossible dream, though: the reuse -- with conviction -- of cinema's most calloused and beloved genre as applied to contemporary middle-class life.
All in all, this twerpy little movie is one of the most entertaining pictures to be released so far this year.
Goes so far beyond anything we've seen before, that it's often hard to keep up with its brilliance.
One wonders what Humphrey Bogart would think about Gordon-Levitt trying to fill his shoes, but the young actor acquits himself beautifully.
a postmodern mashup of a '90s teen drug drama and a '30s noir
A spoof would have been easy. Instead, Johnson plunges off the deep end, risking ridicule by shaping this spellbinder with grit and gravitas.
The director has built a nifty-looking little contraption with a hollow center, with fingernails clean of grime.
Brick is a movie I admire more than I actually like. I guess you could say it's a 'couple of bricks shy' of being a really enjoyable film.
Following Luhramnn (Romeo Juliet) and Almereyda (Hamlet), Johnson applies classic lit to a modern situation, here using Dashiell Hammett's hard-boiled novels and slang in unravelling a high-school murder mystery--with varying degree of success.
Cult classic-in-the-making.
Noir-ish dialogue in a high school is inherently funny -- not always in the laugh-out-loud sense, but consistently in the this-dialogue-is- interesting-to- listen-to sense.
The picture gains in finesse and confidence to the point where Johnson more or less pulls off his peril-fraught exercise.
It might not make sense at first, but it's about time the dark, seedy underworld of the detective noir was transferred to high school.
Brick is a dazzling slab of hard noir storytelling.
Writer/Director Rian Johnson goes back to the old days when characters were rocks, dialogue was king and the plot demanded you pay attention to every last bit.








@highlight

This entertaining homage to noirs past has been slickly and compellingly updated to a contemporary high school setting.