Moving story of the 1980 Olympic hockey team.
A story about people rather than just one a team going for the win. In doing so, O'Connor makes Miracle one of the more thoughtful and enjoyable films revolving around sports.
Even if you don't know a "blue line from a clothes line," "Miracle" is a thoroughly enjoyable film that unspools like a Robert Altman movie where many characters' individual essences are revealed at once.
Miracle capitalizes on its understanding of team dynamics: the bonding of pain and gain alike, the ownership of integrity over ego, the satisfaction of communal accomplishment. [Blu-ray]
This isn't anyone's finest hour.
Russell is at his understated best in the film, which stands as a living tribute to Coach Herb Brooks.
Writer Eric Guggenheim and director O'Connor master the two key elements: the team and Brooks.
This inspirational, rough and tumble, profanity-free testament to ingenuity also touches on the conflicts between work ethics and domestic responsibility.
A complex portrait of a man, and Kurt Russell delivers a major performance as that man.
Kurt Russell is perfect as hockey coach Herb Brooks in a true story that still manages to be rousing and inspirational despite its inherent predictability.
Esquemático em toda a narrativa, é apenas mais um exemplo inferior do gênero "azarão-com-espírito-de-vencedor".
Believe in the greatness of Kurt Russell.
While I don't like the way it simplifies history, I have to admit that Miracle is a hugely effective crowd-pleaser.
[It takes] a wonderful story and transforms it into by-the-numbers entertainment that doesn't show us anything new about hockey or this historic event.
It's not too hokey, not politically correct, not a mass of chewy, Disney-fried steak, not even a miracle -- it's just good storytelling.
The best sports movie I've ever seen.
Captures all the excitement of U.S. hockey win.
Invaluable proof that nothing can save a hackneyed screenplay
You're glad that Brooks and his team have received the big-screen treatment that their story seems ideal for. But it's sad to see their excellence revisited in such a mediocre movie.
Everything about this movie is painfully stock.
Director Gavin O'Connor has given us one of the greatest sports movies of all time and the best hockey movie this side of the comedic hockey masterpiece Slap Shot.
The film is about the moment of victory, and what a beautiful moment it was.
The film has many great moments, but dare I say, it's not melodramatic enough.
Like all great sports movies, 'Miracle' is less a study of a competitive contest than it is a character analysis. And ho-hum, another great performance by Kurt Russell.
The irony might get lost in the euphoria of victory, but looking back on the film, Miracle poses more tough questions about this victory than it provides answers about its ultimate legacy.
It’s a great sports movie that recreates an amazing moment in sports history with no frills.
Although it struggles to reproduce the emotion of the moment, it emphatically reminds us that on one fateful Friday night, the impossible was possible.
If Miracle weren't so passionate and finally affecting, it would be easy to dismiss its familiarity and overt jingosim as lazy screenwriting.
I admit I know next to nothing about sports. And I loved "Miracle."
If you can tolerate all this phony uplift you'll also get a pretty interesting story about a shrewd Minnesota college coach named Herb Brooks.
That it's so warmly nostalgic and so damn exciting (especially when you consider that, hey, we already know who won that game) is a minor miracle in its own right.
Olympic hockey drama re-creates an unexpected victory and the blood, sweat, toil and tears that made it happen.
[T]humbs up for this uplifting and inspirational movie about one of the great upsets in sports history.
An almost joyless movie...The only miracle is that O'Connor has taken a magnificently unpredictable story and turned it into a predictable one.
While the sundry tensions among players and, especially, between players and coach, provide a modicum of drama, none is pursued to the point of detail.
...what makes the film a cut above is its spectacular camera work and well paced and meticulous attention to detail.
Asking how it ends is like asking whether the boat sinks in Titanic. What makes Miracle special is its respect for every event that precedes the big game.
I would like to have gotten to know some of the players a little bit better.
A basic, feel-good sports movie, but if you like that sort of thing, it isn't too bad
Despite its been-there, done-that theme, Miracle stirs your emotions anyway...
This middle-of-the-road film missed a more interesting opportunity.
Kurt Russell's performance ranks as one of the most compelling portraits of a coach ever committed to film.
The hockey scenes, photographed by Dan Stoloff ("Tumbleweeds") look great.
The puck-flying, stick-slapping, bodies-slamming-against-the-wall action couldn't be more intense
Russell is terrific as coach Herb Brooks.
While not particularly ambitious as a human drama or character study, Disney's Miracle succeeds solidly at its main aim: stirringly recreating one of the great sports sagas of all time.
This is an inspirational saga that transcends its sport.
Miracle is authentic and classy, from its impeccably edited game re-creations to its washed-out, game-film look that's akin to what you'd see on ESPN Classic.
Miracle puts audiences on the Olympic ice, sharing the once-in-a-lifetime action.
A heartwarming tearjerker that'll melt even the staunchest anti-American.
An accessible, meticulous, rousing tribute to the legendary game that should both please mainstream audiences and hold up to aficionado scrutiny.
Powerful in its recreation of a magical time and place and it really does make us believe that miracles are possible.
Miracle is a suitably rigorous sports movie. On the other hand, at no time does it break out of the sports movie mold.
While this upset was unquestionably a great achievement, it's only a 'miracle' if it's accompanied by the image of the Blessed Virgin on the Zamboni, if you ask me.
Amicably gets the job done while never wavering far from its often cliched path.
Such is the power of patriotism, under-dog heroics and a movie that knows when to cue the inspiring music.
Big on slogans, but low on personality.
On the simplest level, it's a true underdog story, told in an exciting way when it counts the most.
It's a solid, solidly entertaining film. But the entire enterprise is a bit too square, retro and harpingly on-message for its own good.
Director Gavin O'Connor and writer Eric Guggenheim have come up with a simple, 'good for the whole family' masterpiece. This was not expected.
A Cinderella sports story you can't help but enjoy.
Stripping away sentiment, Russell makes the coach's moments of self-awareness stark and compelling.
It is a mesmerizing, rollicking good time of a movie, the type that puts a lump in the throat, tear in the eye and a smile on the face, all at the same time.
[A]s humanly real and as plausibly believable as the improbable truth can be.
A television movie projected onto a big screen.
If you like - or at least don't mind - ice hockey, then hang on for a great story, skilfully filmed.
The movie effectively simulates the game's whirl, and should grab all but the most finicky hockey fans. But for moviegoers who think if you've seen one sports flick, you've seen 'em all -- well, you've definitely seen this one.
The movie brings the audience back to 1980 with bone-crunching verisimilitude.
Hockey fans should enjoy the movie, as will fans of the underdog.
This hockey movie scores, thanks to director Gavin O'Connor's ability to skate that fine line between inspirational and melodramatic and achieve a satisfying balance.
[A] strenuously uplifting reactionary crowd pleaser.
Shamelessly manipulative but thoroughly enjoyable.
A better-than- average sports movie.
The movie's extended re-creation of the game is still thrilling and nerve-racking.
Russell powers [the movie] along tautly.
Given that we know the outcome it's amazing how much suspense Miracle engenders.
Miracle gives audiences something to cheer for.
Miracle offers everything a filmgoer could want from a sports movie.
Never before has a sports movie taken so little care to ensure the audience understands the sport in question. That might sound like a negative, but it improves the film enormously for those who understand and love the game.
A faithful retelling of the team's famous run for the gold.
Guilty pleasure or not - this has all the stuff that the Movie Chicks like about movies. It captures all the excitement of one of the great sports stories of all time.
The best sports movie since Tin Cup.
It's a challenge to keep this familiar routine interesting, especially since we already know the ultimate outcome, but it's one this movie meets.
A suspenseful, emotional experience even for those who don't study the sports pages.
A by- the-numbers re-telling of what Sports Illustrated dubbed the single greatest sports moment of the 20th century.
The miracle is making a sports movie that turns the usual cliches into something authentic.
I don't know that I've ever felt more involved in fictional competition than I was throughout this movie, and I can't tell a hockey puck from cow pie.
Long on cliche and short on originality.
The spark itself can never be duplicated, but Miracle gets a lot closer than we might have hoped.
Miracle isn't a hockey movie or an exercise in flag-waving. It's really a character study of a man who dreamed big and inspired others to do the same.
A pretty solid drive, delivering the uplift we expect from this sort of enterprise.
You've got to hand it to director Gavin O'Connor and Disney, the same company that gave us The Mighty Ducks, for making a real hockey film this time around.
A rousing good story of an underdog that galvanized a nation.
A worthy ride, especially if you're into sports.
The climax, a 20-minute dramatization of the crucial contest, lacks both suspense and poetry -- essentially, we're left to watch a clumsy recreation of a game whose outcome we already know.
A manipulative feel-good sports movie but we challenge you to hold the cheers back during the movie's cool finale.
A fitting tribute to Brooks.
A stirring sports drama.
Don't look for surprises here, but know that the story of the 1980 triumph again earns respect and should quicken the pulse of a new generation of filmgoers who are ready for some inspiration on ice.
A wonderful docudrama of an undiluted great moment.
Russell gives an assured, intelligent performance that anchors the film.
We know all the cliches of the modern sports movie, but Miracle sidesteps a lot of them.
An unexaggerated, heartfelt but not ham-fisted movie.
Miracle successfully aims to rouse a partisan crowd.
This movie about a miracle matches its subject in inspiration.
Disney has another hit on their hands with "Miracle"... it's not suspenseful, but it's great entertainment.
"Miracle" is the kind of inspirational film that will appeal, mostly, to the hockey fans but its crowd-pleasing nature should carry it beyond just the fans.
Russell as Brooks is the year's first truly great performance, giving up nothing but what is necessary to convey the coach's legendary determination.
There has never been as exciting a sports event filmed in the movies as there is on display in Miracle, and I'm including the fight in Rocky and the QB sack in Rudy
Effective drama that asks little from the audience and returns pretty much what one would expect.
Strangely disappointing because it only meets expectations, going faithfully by the sports-movie numbers.
...[a] gritty and grand feel-good sporting story.This is a serviceable hat trick that scores some vital goals in its high-spirited gumption.
The silver medal goes to Kurt Russell's fine performance as coach Herb Brooks.
Even though we've been through these paces so many times before and there's never the slightest doubt of its outcome, Miracle is an extraordinarily exciting, absorbing and satisfying movie.
This movie version of the 1980 United States Olympic hockey team's Cinderella season does a yeoman's job of recycling the day-old dough that passes for its story.
You don't have to know a blue line from a soup line to appreciate Miracle. You'll end up cheering anyway.
Miracle has the feel of a fairy tale populated by real people.
This is a classically well-made studio entertainment that, like The Rookie of a few years back, has the knack of being moving without shamelessly overdoing a sure thing.
Obviously, there's no suspense about the outcome, but Miracle manages to hold the viewer's interest by skirting most sports-flick cliches and focusing on character development and detail.
Miracle fails to ring true as it tries to make a sporting event an all-embracing metaphor for the American way.
[The] story proves too perfect for even a ham-handed Hollywood movie like this one to screw up
Even for a Disney sports movie, this is a treacly affair, complete with an Armageddon-style hero shot that just screams manipulation.
The film is destined to appeal to a niche audience, but that niche will come away very pleased.
The film is built on textbook cliches ... But each is delivered with such precision and professionalism, they become exhilarating.
often feels like an endurance test, but there is no denying the uplifting nature of the event
[A] sure-fire crowd-pleaser.
Miracle boasts a batch of lively supporting characters, and the on-ice action is both fast and furious.
The first truly good movie of the year.
A thrilling character study but only an average action flick.
This is material tailor-made for audiences whose concept of intersocietal conflict is dictated by the Franklin Mint.
Pretty standard inspirational fare.
A resonant exploration of that not-so-distant moment when the 1970s segued uneasily into the 1980s.
...one of those uplifting, patriotic movies you could get thrown in jail for disliking.
The new Disney movie Miracle may blatantly manipulate your emotions -- but it's still inspirational and completely compelling.
An effective exercise in flag-waving nostalgia.
Russell, perfectly cast, wears his character's 20 years of regret with supreme sadness.
Miracle reveals in the dramatic story of the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team that giving oneself up to the Game is the highest calling in sports.
"Miracle" serves as a refreshing reminder that there are other kinds of patriotism besides the "you're either with us or against us" variety.
Could it be that Disney, the studio that holds the trademark on triteness, has developed a true flair for non-patronizing, fact-based feel-good sports movies?
If you like to inspire and be inspired -- to work hard for your dreams -- then you're likely to be charged up by this film.
Inspirational and uplifting.
Miracle's most concrete achievement is in showing how, step by demanding step, Brooks was able to transform 20 young men used to playing as stellar individuals -- the American way -- into an unintimidate-able, egoless team, i.e., the Soviet way.
An acceptably middlebrow drama that asks nothing more of its audience members than to cheer at the appropriate moments.
a genre flick, the type usually found in a shorter format during a half-time show where swelling music and slo-mo substitute for genuine feeling
Miracle is a blatant crowd pleaser, but there's no denying that it's often very effective.
A marvelous film-- enthralling, ecstatic and an illustration of everything Seabiscuit did wrong.
What will make the film compelling even for audiences who never heard of the miracle on ice is Kurt Russell's taut, nuanced portrait of Herb Brooks.
Not all inspirational stories about sports should be made into movies.
Has oodles of historical sentiment to work with but chooses to travel a conventional road.
A major spring crowd-pleaser--'Seabiscuit' with pucks--but while the victory of Team USA in 1980 might have been miraculous, the movie reduces it to something pretty ordinary.
Calculated, polished, and affectionate.
'Miracle' features some of the best on-ice hockey action ever put on film.
In its exhilarating last act, we watch our team succeed at the impossible. Repeat after me, 'U S A, U S A, U S A.'
When a dedication to Brooks appeared at the film's end, the audience gave the coach a standing ovation -- too bad the rest of the film couldn't inspire them in the same way.
Kurt Russell's performance transcends the film's unilateral politics to achieve a viewer-conversant three dimensions.
On the ice this film is Gold, but off the ice it is a manipulating mess.
This is a historical movie obsessed with detail and the pure beauty of playing hockey.



@highlight

Kurt Russell's performance guides this cliche-ridden tale into the realm of inspirational, nostalgic goodness.