Garner, who showed a promising comic touch last year in 13 Going On 30, does her movie career no favors here.
The problem is Elektra is not among the most compelling of characters. She doesn't have enough humanity and the story not enough depth to sustain us between fight scenes.
If the film isn't as bad as some others in the comics-to-cinema genre (Halle Berry's Catwoman has rather lowered the bar), that's not to say it's good.
Worth a look.
Daredevil's lady friend Elektra gets a solo outing in this insipid action adventure.
Even the action scenes flirt with tedium.
Studio dross of the lowest grade.
Having died in Daredevil, Elektra has returned without a vengeance to bore us all to death.
Every line, every plot twist, every digitally processed so-called fight scene will be easily foretold.
Elektra is an inaction movie, as vague, impersonal, and uninvolving as superhero flicks get, and they can get pretty impersonal.
There isn't a whisper of spontaneity.
A curiously ponderous affair, with an excess of pop psychology character background and cod-Eastern mysticism and not enough fun or action.
The movie's dominant visual tone is bronzed grunge, and its emotional tone is depressive.
Violent comic book movie with lingerie costumes.
Some comic properties should just be left on the page.
An utterly embarrassing misfire with poor performances, contrived elements, and a weak premise.
Elektra is a strange and emotionally distant picture, redeemed, if not completely, by a nice climactic battle, some moody visuals and a star who seems to be working as hard as she can to heat up a character designed to be chilly.
For all its slow-mo kick-flying and computer-generated mysticism, the story is tissue-thin and simple to the point of being simpleminded.
What's missing in this Elektra is a certain sense of play and imagination.
It felt like I was back in my childhood watching serial chapters at a Saturday matinee.
This doesn't exactly set the world on fire, but I was charmed by its old-fashioned storytelling, which is refreshingly free of archness, self-consciousness, or Kill Bill-style wisecracks.
Everything comes back to Garner, though -- and even when the movie takes itself too seriously, thankfully she never does.
As for Garner, she remains a lovely screen presence, but it's impossible to buy her as an emotionless killing machine.
Elektra shoves Frank Miller's eponymous cold-blooded assassin into a PG-13-friendly adventure.
During a fight, a character declared "Enough! It ends now." And I thought It's about time! Now there's a sure sign of an action movie falling short of its potential.
A none too Marvel-lous spin-off from Daredevil.
Garner may justify her reputation as an action woman, but fails to prove that sais matter.
There's a skeleton of a cool fantasy story here, but the clatter and clunk of its fleshless bones is dispiriting.
Never mind giving 1000 chimps 1000 typewriters and having them produce a script in a week. Instead, give 1000 chimps $US100 million and see how long it takes them to come up with a blancmange blockbuster such as this.
Absent an established fan base or cadre of recognizable villains, filmmakers are forced to shoehorn in superfluous back story and excessive inner turmoil.
Much like the onslaught of sword-and-sandal epics, the comic-book-adaptation boom has resulted in a decreased effectiveness of the subjects.
The curse of the new Bennifer has birthed a deformed fury that not even sexy red ninja lingerie could save
Could you please create a lead villain whose best move doesn't involve flying bed sheets?
Garner looks great in the Elektra outfit, but that didn't do much for the plotting and filmmaking, which is average to worse.
Elektra's muddled story and formal unsightliness aren't filmmaking tragedies of Greek proportions, just Hollywood's latest casualty of concept over character.
'Jennifer Garner tiene el potencial de ser una súper estrella, pero con decisiones como ésta el camino va a ser mucho más complicado de lo que debería'
...a pointless, muddled mass of sentiment and clichés that elicits mainly yawns.
Comic book fans take it on the chin once again...
Jennifer Gardner provides some wonderful eye candy for the audience to enjoy and that somehow makes it all worthwhile.
You'd think the notion of putting Jennifer Garner in tight red leather...would be a no-lose proposition, and you'd be right. But unfortunately there's other stuff in this
We find that the movie has more plot holes than actual plot.
Not the best, but not the worst (and the upcoming Fantastic Four movie can only make [Elektra] look better).
A study in how a 'can't miss' project can go awry in just about every conceivable way.
Billed as the first action event movie of the year, superhero flick Elektra isn't so eventful.
Elektra does have some action in it, which is especially awesome if you're into bed sheets flying around.
It's shockingly dull for a popcorn flick, and only ardent fans of the comic are likely to enjoy it.
When we can get the Lifetime Network on basic cable, and watch 'Alias' every Wednesday night for free, is this really necessary?
Offers no surprises, and whether or not you'll appreciate its modest charms depends entirely on whether you too have been anticipating Garner's new outfit.
In another film, the slice-and-dice action scenes would have had me reaching for my thesaurus. But I liked this movie. Go figure.
There's better superhero action in Hellboy or Spiderman, and there's more enjoyable Jennifer Garner fare in 13 Going On 30.
You're left with stilted dialogue and dark, underlit sets.
Garner is an extremely likeable actress, even if she occasionally mistakes acting for pouting - she's the reason the film is never less than watchable.
Not stupid enough to qualify as good, dumb fun.
Há uma linha tênue entre uma personagem complexa e outra mal-construída - e Elektra se encaixa nesta última categoria.
With so much riding on Garner, you'd think the screenwriters would have given her something to work with.
Hardly the Citizen Kane of superhero films - but Elektra is better than DareDevil, and a LOT better than Catwoman.
Almost bad enough to be a guilty pleasure, except that it takes itself so seriously.
They should have just called this movie Contractually Obligated Sequel staring Jennifer Garner because I can see no other reason why someone as talented and as smart as she is would want to do this film.
A dim bag of assorted chicken parts.
...pseudo-sleek and thinly-sensationalized. [Garner's] one-note performance as a destructive diva feels rather empty and generic
Talk about a house of flying daggers.
Jennifer Garner should have used an alias instead of putting her name on this breathlessly boring spinoff of Daredevil.
Repetitive, brutally edited and almost suicidally somber, Marvel's first spinoff movie is nonetheless several shades more watchable than Daredevil.
It's surprising how spectacularly [this] take on the Marvel character fails.
One's likely to spend the first half of Elektra waiting for it to wakeup and the last half trying not to fall asleep.
The more I think about it, the more I'm inclined to think that this movie would better serve as ukulele picks.
While Elektra is better than Daredevil and Catwoman, it doesn't hold a candle to really good superhero movies like X-Men and Spider-Man.
"Elektra" is a shocking mess.
Elektra going gooey maternal? Gimme a break!
[With] dialogue as half-assed as its entry-level CGI effects, Elektra lacks thrills, narrative, emotion, believability, character development-and frankly-watchability.
Elektra is crap, but it's expensive, finely made crap. It's Faberge crap.
It's not Schindler's List, but it's not Catwoman either.
Both Garner and Elektra will likely survive, but that doesn't make it easier to watch this opportunity go to waste.
Static and plainly derivative.
The lithesome action sequences get fatally bogged down by the yak-happy script.
In a world where hair extensions are licensed to kill, where Fredericks of Hollywood is the official outfitter of vigilante justice...
Nothing Elektra-fying about Garner or this movie
On s'emmerde pratiquement de la première à la dernière minute sans être sûr pourquoi.
Awful.
One thing the world did not need was a sequel to Daredevil. Luckily, that's not what we got. Unfortunately, what arrived in its place isn't much better.
The sad thing about Elektra is that it reveals that for all the millions of dollars now spent on them, comic-book movies are being made with no more distinction than the cheapest old Saturday-afternoon serials.
That she is in fact a hired assassin on a $2-million contract killing is charmingly offset by the fact that she wears no makeup and ties her (albeit ridiculously) long brown hair back in a ponytail.
Despite her valiant front, Elektra can't separate personal from professional problems.
Sharp yet aimless.
Garner's moxie can't lift Elektra above its sluggish storytelling
A little The Replacement Killers, a little TMNT II: The Secret of the Ooze and a little Mortal Kombat. Make of that what you will.
No one could give a galvanizing performance in a film as unengagingly written as this one.
Electric as Elektra, Jennifer Garner does a high-powered, blade-thrusting star turn as Marvel Comics' ninja-inspired superheroine, bringing such unbridled energy and sexuality to her performance, one barely notices the movie itself.
A film for people who might like watching scene after scene of Jennifer Garner sleeping.
Call me squeamish, but this is my problem with Elektra, the Punisher and similar characters: Killers make lousy heroes.
What it suffers from most is the sense of offhand storytelling that lies halfway between creative laziness and cost-cutting sloppiness.
Garner looks as terrific in Elektra's trademark scarlet bustier as Halle Berry did in Catwoman drag, but pinup appeal alone does not a compelling movie make.
The constant talk and tease of Elektra is sure to cause even more male frustration than Catwoman and Tomb Raider, where the femmes were similarly dolled up and then sexed down to appease the nanny censors.
Feels like we're peeking in on a twisted superhero's draggy therapy sessions.
It's opaque where it should be clear (motivations; fight scenes). It's clear where it should be opaque (what happens next).
[Garner] is ... gloriously in gear, ready to kick some Hand.
Another inert, soul-dead action drama that turns actors into zombies.
You only have to endure this package to miss Uma Thurman, and realize how superior is Tarantino's fleet hipster wit and kinetic showmanship.
Can't decide if it wants to be an action-packed, martial-arts romp or a dark and sensitive allegory about love and loss. The film attempts both approaches and succeeds at neither.
There's a tired, by-the-numbers feel to Elektra.
It's really hard to believe that any of this is meant to be taken seriously, not for a split second, yet there is Garner, stalking morosely about as if she's doing Eugene O'Neill instead of a dopey fantasy actioner.
The film's multi-writer screenplay struggles vainly to hide its plagiarized themes and action beats.
Like Big Trouble in Little China without the laughs.
Half of it feels like pure, Saturday-morning cartoon show. Half feels like an attempt at an actual relationship drama. They should have listened to the first half.
Resembles nothing so much as a dumbed-down, PG-13 version of Kill Bill, put together by a team tone-deaf to bad dialogue, atrocious acting, cheesy special effects and clumsily staged action sequences.
Elektra is stripped of the unrepentant ferocity that made her a crossover hit in the first place. Here, she quickly succumbs to her gooey, maternal side -- which means if ever there's a sequel, she'll have no edge.
Garner has no trouble looking sexy, and teen boys should enjoy Elektra's many gratuitous costume changes, but she's hopelessly unconvincing in this icy role.
An illogical, meandering mess.
Gaps don't ruin the film, thanks to Garner's performance and Bowman's apparent enjoyment of his job.
Better than you might expect. But given the ultimate source material (Frank Miller's moody and moving Daredevil comics from the mid-'80s), it's a squandering of character and story that would make Comic Book Guy weep.
For an action movie, this flick often lags in the action department.
Hmmm, where have I seen this before? Oh, yes, I saw it Wednesday night on television. Except her hair was pink. And I had eight more bucks in my wallet.
Elektra the movie is a lot like Elektra the assassin. It executes its mission with considerable precision but never feels truly alive.
Plays like a collision between leftover bits and pieces of Marvel superhero stories.
The fight sequences are hot.
[Garner] does all the stuff you can see her do on Wednesday nights -- namely, some of her own stunt work in outrageous costumes -- but without an ounce of zeal, charisma, or purpose.
a silly spinoff that is far less concerned with telling a worthwhile story than it is with telling the world that Garner has a magnificent bod.
Elektra is a mediocre action drama about a reluctant assassin who discovers her nurturing side.
No one will confuse Jennifer Garner for Meryl Streep, but she has a solid turn here as a woman who makes a big show of having withdrawn from the world but really hasn't.
In terms of comic book flicks, it's way better than Catwoman and nowhere near as good as Spider-Man.
A somehow stupider version of Mortal Kombat.
Elektra and Mini E do battle against the forces of evil. For non-cbl's (comic book lovers) this is just another silly night at the movies.
Elektra isn't the Carmen Electra story, but after a while, you'll wish it were.
Laughable without being entertaining.
Comic book spin-off has a star in Jennifer Garner, but no script -- which makes it a hyper-cut bore.
Giving a spec/polish script to a neophyte director and demanding a low-end vehicle for today's hot eye-candy is not the way to bring superheroes to life. Just ask Halle Berry.
'And I must say that not since Rafael kicked butt with the rest of the Ninja Turtles has a character wielded a sai the way Garner does!'
Elektra succeeds because of Garner's dedication to the character, and her willingness to go along with some rather outlandish ideas for a comic book adventure.
Garner, adept as she is at physical stunts and action moves, is far more appealing when she's playing charming and adorable, as she did so winningly in 13 Going on 30.
A poorly written collection of comic-book movie cliches that offers nothing new to the genre, generates very little in the way of action thrills and plays like a self-important, humorless rip-off of Kill Bill.
Elektra's story is as thin and simple as they come, full of genre cliches and established merely to stage one elaborate action scene after another.
Would it kill a tough girl to crack a smile or eat a Twinkie or make a pass once in a while? Does she have to be a squinty jerk with intimacy issues in order to be considered super?
Nothing says action film like a bad guy monologuing for five minutes. Has Bowman ever heard of 3 point lighting? Elektra is a failure on almost every conceivable level.
The latest Hollywood movie to give comic books a bad name, Elektra stars Jennifer Garner as a superheroine who dons fetish-wear the color of blood before laying waste to every man in sight.
It's listless, lame and sloppy enough to make last year's Catwoman seem agile.
Watching this is like sitting by a pinsetter at a bowling alley.
Plays like a third-rate knock off of House of Flying Daggers by someone who has heard about House of Flying Daggers but has never actually seen it.
Kill Bill without irony, and without Quentin Tarantino's flair for cool dialogue and chop-socky action (and without Uma Thurman, for that matter).
While Elektra doesn't reinvent the genre, it's like 'Smallville' compared to Richard Donner's Superman.
Though the attempt is moody and earnest, I can't say that it's smart or memorable.
A ponderously inert, disjointed drag that's anything but live action.
Garner's one-note performance isn't the only thing crippling this undercooked comic-book adventure. There's a patchy script that bumps along in fits and starts, but never comes to life.
What might have been at best a silly Xena-style martial-arts adventure meanders listlessly through swaths of relationship drama.
Without a viable screenplay, there's nowhere for the character to go, and no way to avoid making her look silly.
No matter how many times I hear about the actress' arresting good looks, I just can't get past the fact that she always comes across as slightly mannish.
The unremittingly dour screen adaptation of the Marvel Comics character.
Laughably bad...a tepid, torpid comic-book movie that could accurately be described as this year's Catwoman.
Devotees of awful filmmaking can't go wrong with this one.
Girlfriend should have stayed dead.
True to form, Garner creates a strapping action character with as many foibles as muscles.
...a bit like ordering egg rolls at McDonald's.
Sexy costumes, a fair amount of flesh, and a few well choreographed fight sequences can't make up for the fact Elektra lacks heart.
The movie is more like a series of fight scenes and chases occasionally interrupted by sullen glances.
Substituting titillating triumph for tragedy, this adaptation of Marvel Comics' knife-wielding knockout comes across as hopelessly blunted.
The thing about Elektra is, she flashes back so often you wonder if she may have experimented with acid back in her days at Superhero U.
Comic book franchise or Victoria's Secret commercial?
Scantily clad action heroine with a sexy-tough pout? Check. Supernatural bad-guy gang of tattooed, Goth-punk clowns? Check.... A half-hearted, prefabricated effort.
Alternately too talky to triumph as an action vehicle and too frenetic to be fleshed out to succeed as a drama.
Elektra girds her loins with less intensity of purpose than if she were scanning the darkness for signs of copyright infringement.
Produces levels of excitement typically attained by proofreading science textbooks.
What might have been a solid popcorn flick about . . . good and evil, redemption and forgiveness, is reduced to one that barely skirts schlock
Ho-hum actioner that's rife with cliches.
Elektra, who has a troubled past like several of Marvel Comics' superheros, is a challenge for filmmakers. While I respect their efforts, I can't recommend the result.
Elektra would have been far better off staying dead.

@highlight

Jennifer Garner inhabits her role with earnest gusto, but Elektra 's tone deaf script is too self-serious and bereft of intelligent dialogue to provide engaging thrills.