Along with its strong emotional pull and engrossing personalities, Blindsight also features some breath taking images of the Himalayas, and some nerve wrecking scenes that would make those of us who are afraid of heights to start sweating bullets.
memorable portrait of some truly courageous individuals and previously unrevealed insights to Tibetan culture
An important, heart-soaring record of a group of incredibly brave people doing something almost everyone would tell them is impossible.
Yes, it's literally the blind leading the blind in this ironically eye-opening doc that from the outset sounds like an un-PC South Park episode but is in fact inspirational.
You wouldn't believe it as fiction but it really is fairly unadorned fact. It is easy to see awards beckoning, and deservedly so because Walker as a film-maker never puts herself in front of her extraordinary subjects.
How they managed the trek defies belief, but in an art-form where superpowers have become passé, it's a stirring reminder of what human powers, against the odds, can achieve.
Lucy Walker's documentary Blindsight is breathtaking twice over. It leaves the audience gasping like a landed guppy at views of snow-coddled Himalayan peaks under ice-blue skies.
The ascent reveals a fascinating clash of values between the more gung-ho Americans (who are determined to reach the top) and the youngsters' remarkable teacher Sabriye Tenberken.
Lucy Walker's inspirational, award-winning documentary, which leaves condescension and treacle out in the cold, emerging as one of the year's most illuminating, heartbreaking, and life-affirming movies.
Lucy Walker's documentary is genuinely stirring.
Walker's ending is fudged both in terms of the narrative and the issues, and she seems to come down, a little feebly, on the "heartwarming" side of things. But what an amazing, and bizarre, story.
A strikingly photographed documentary that unfolds into a story of human achievement and a study of the East-West culture clash.
An accomplished work from documentarian Walker, who uses her battle-against-the odds story to illuminate how Tibetan society mistreats its blind citizens.
Blindsight is a great example of the emotional dividends that careful photography, sensitive editing and an atmospheric score can deliver.
Uplifting but never mawkish, and gorgeously shot.
An amazing no-frills inspirational documentary shot with deep feeling and conviction by Lucy Walker.
To see how these conflicts play out, to see how both sides came to realize that they had unexpected things to learn from these remarkable young people, is where Blindsight really makes its mark.
Coying and manipulative.
Watching it, you feel almost as much a winner as the kids themselves.
A blind man climbs to the top of Mount Everest in Blindsight, and that's just the beginning of the drama.
Walker's film is a sure tearjerker, but the sentiments aren't cheap.
It is a truly one-of-a-kind story of survival, persistence and achievement, and by the time it was over I was moved so thoroughly beyond words I almost didn't know what to do next.
You take them with you as you leave the theater, knowing that your bad day probably isn't as rough as you first thought and inspiring the realization that anyone can climb the peaks of their own lives. It's a must-see.
Walker captures all the dreamy-scary beauty of Everest's upper reaches, as well as numerous mini-dramas about the kids' readiness to approach the summit.
A moving and touching documentary.
A gentle but riveting story of perseverance and inspiration.
It's doubtful whether even a dream team of Hollywood's best and brightest creative minds could have come up with a tale that's more fascinating or more inspirational than Blindsight.
The film is often breathtakingly beautiful, and even as the students triumph over the naysayers, it's melancholy knowing they aren't sharing viewers' experiences of their starkly gorgeous world.
Blindsight is a film that not only every skeptical teen should be forced to swallow in the high school repertoire but also anyone in need of self-reflection in their lives should go and see.
Heartrending and full of complexity.
Simultaneously a sports adventure film, a tear-jerking tale of hope and inspiration and a captivating meditation on culture clash.
Blindsight is an undeniably engrossing, heart-tugging documentary, rightfully departing at critical intervals from heroics to simply extol the wonders of the spirit.
If anyone tried to tell you a story about this climb and these kids, Blindsight is exactly what you'd think it should look like.
Blindsight is hugely affecting, the rare experience that will make those who watch it thankful for what they have, yet make them realize that they aren't nearly thankful enough.
The underdog sports movie and follow-your-dreams narrative gets an interesting makeover in Blindsight.
The film overcomes its crude production values and awkward structuring. It stirs you.
Blindsight makes us consider an apparent paradox that, for the blind, is the philosophical starting point of their day: how to see things the human eye won't register.
Going beyond a chronicle of disabled (blind) children doing heroic things like climbing mountains, Walker's resonant docu juxtaposes different value systems of East vs. West, Europe Vs. America, Arduous Process vs. Goal Attainment.
Visually stunning and emotionally moving, "Blindsight" is real joy through and through.
[This] incredible journey -- made under the supervision of expert guides from Europe and the U.S. -- is recounted in Lucy Walker's award-winning documentary, which also raises important questions that resonate far beyond the subject at hand.
Lucy Walker's observant film Blindsight is about profound East-West differences in the importance of journey versus destination and comradeship versus competition.
There are enough good stories for three movies in Lucy Walker's Blindsight, an exhilarating trip with six blind Tibetan teenagers as they scale one of the highest peaks in the Himalayas.
An astute, careful director, Walker provides a clear view of events without seeming to take sides.
An extraordinary documentary about the spiritual lessons learned by six blind Tibetan youth on a grueling Himalayan mountain climb with Erik Weihenmayer.
Featuring exceptional people doing extraordinary things, Blindsight is one of those documentaries with the power to make you re-examine your entire life.
That standby blurb...'inspiring,' more often than not means 'fluff,' but 'Blindsight' happens to pull off one of those rare inspirational experiences.
Uninterested in revolutionizing the documentary form, Blindsight instead proves the enduring potential afforded by straightforward verité filmmaking methods.
Not the aspirational, triumphal, follow-your-dreams kinda doco that you may expect. Instead, it is a frank, clear sighted and immersing film about the challenge that faces not just the blind [Tibetan] youngsters but their guides and supporters
Gorgeous mountain photography frames this predictably heartwarming look at a group of sightless Tibetan teenagers who attempt to climb the 23,000-foot-tall Lhakpa Ri, one of Mount Everest's highest peaks.
Walker's documentary hails from the inspirational school of filmmaking, and graduates with honours.
The deceptively complex pic gradually grows sharp edges and snowballs into a compelling study in culture clash, with spectacular scenery to boot.

@highlight

A powerful glimpse of the possibilities for transcendence in straightforward documentary filmmaking -- and extreme physical disability.