Such a progressive theme alone might not be enough to earn the movie an eye roll, but the cartoonish, Occupy-poster dialogue confirms it is.
This isn't a battle movie or a snazzy bit of political commentary, or even a plain upstairs v downstairs struggle for the nicest lawn, but a really weird high-budget healthcare drama in which President Obama could appear any minute.
Pure dynamite. [Full review in Spanish]
... it's shallow on character development, the editing is not great, the ending is rushed, and Jodie Foster is allowed to get away with a really poor accent choice.
But for all the Sturm und Drang and whirling bits of plot and machinery, the sum of the film's many moving parts does not add up to a greater whole.
It seems to me that Elysium has its heroes and villains confused.
The big budget sci-fi action spectacle Elysium, written and directed by Neill Blomkamp and starring Matt Damon, serves as a master class in how to make stupid look smart.
You can glide over the Metropolis-like parable and head right into the Mad Max mode. Damon as Max propels the film with muscles and intensity _ that first and the social commentary later is maybe a fair enough deal for our multiplex experience.
A limp, unoriginal, and disheveled script read by a cast that doesn't seem to be able to make any sense of it, either.
It has no particular voice. It's too clotted with plot and strategy.
Neill Blomkamp has created a beautifully designed and realized world. If only he'd spent half as much time focusing on the people that inhabit it.
Any thematic audacity is snuffed out by action sequences that you can now buy at Dollar General.
With "Elysium," Blomkamp not only fills the film with enough exciting action to make it fly by, but he also provides an interesting commentary on the continuing division of classes, turning it into something more than your average monotonous action flick.
While not the slam-dunk that his first film was, Neill Blomkamp has created a compelling vision of a wealth-dominated future.
Blomkamp delivers blockbusters based in empathy and political smarts that actually aspire to be more than insulting filmic pollution.
After District 9, this is a little bit of a disappointment... but a must-see for fans of the genre.
Damon once again shows why he is one of the best lead actors we have.
[Blomkamp] really needs to learn that too much action blunts his more interesting statements.
Blomkamp has toned down the body horror in favour of more conventional thrills but handles the shootouts and slugfests with panache. His tale of haves and have nots remains a striking and thought-provoking parable, even if it doesn't fully add up.
The occasionally interesting script is bludgeoned by its heavy-handed political pandering.
The logic in the film's dystopian universe seems flimsy under moderate scrutiny. But at least it's ambitious in its attempt to mix sci-fi conventions with social commentary.
The film is to be commended for its thought provoking premise - something we haven't seen in many films over the U.S. summer.
A project over-designed yet under-thought.
Depressingly predictable in its ideas and tedious in its boneheaded brutality.
The best parts of this 'parallel universe' experience are aesthetic.
Neill Blomkamp cements his science-fiction credentials as a filmmaker with a genre vision the likes of which we haven't seen since the socially conscious SF of the 1970s.
As he did with District 9, South African filmmaker Blomkamp grounds this sci-fi thriller in present-day society, telling a story that resonates with a strong political kick.
It's a long time since any major studio closed the silly season with a $115 million Marxist polemic.
Just as the creation of a future nightmare, one that disturbingly resembles the world we already know, Elysium is masterful - definitely worth seeing.
It's great to watch an original blockbuster with some ideas in its head. It's just a pity, and a ironic, that for a film about humanity there's not more human interest.
A ripping, gripping fable about two worlds in a dreary future that doesn't seem as far out of synch with today, or as far away, as we might like to think.
This is a film with potentially interesting ideas undone by underdeveloped world building.
You don't know where to look next, or to listen, in this movie. Every actor seems to have come from a different rehearsal room.
Once the narrative grinds into gear ... the film's distinctive quality is lost.
Writer-director Neill Blomkamp's follow-up to District 9 is an engaging, fast-paced Sci-Fi thriller with a strong script, gripping action set-pieces, superb special effects work and a terrific central performance from Matt Damon.
A confident sidestep from District 9 rather than an ambitious leap forward, Elysium confirms Blomkamp as an expert genre director. Question is now: can he become more?
A directorial oddity.
In lesser hands, Elysium might have played like a Lib Dem manifesto with extra spaceships, but the South African filmmaker wants to explore ideas, not wave placards, and whether or not you agree with the film's politics, the fire in its belly is catching.
The rich have better insurance in solid but flawed action film
Could have been so much more than it is
There are eye-catching special effects and some tantalising early scenes. But Blomkamp seems to have got lost in his big pile of Hollywood dollars
In a disappointing season of bloated blockbusters, Elysium stands tall, a first-rate sci-fi thriller given extra heft by a heartening moral core.
Although many will enjoy the grisly violence and Damon's understated performance, what's most striking here is this one's fearless satire, and how it unexpectedly mirrors the situation in Australia when it comes to 'boat people.'
Packed with action and jarring visual toggles between the lives of the haves and the squalor of the have-nots, writer/director Neil Bloomkamp essentially overlays the concept of Fritz Lang's Metropolis with a ripping, ultra-violent class war.
For the most part, Elysium is a thrilling blockbuster that marries intelligence with spectacle to striking effect and confirms Blomkamp as the new king of the genre in the process.
In a handful of aspiring filmmakers that have hard things to say about the state of our world and the histories we may be doomed to repeat, here is one who isn't afraid to confront the future head-on and match it with hardened criticism.
Elysium is not a bad movie, but it doesn't seem to sense when we've had enough.
Visually stunning and with flashes of inspired genius, Elysium shows promise but is let down by an uneven structure, weak characterisation and an over-reliance on extended fight scenes.
Damon is, as ever, thoroughly watchable but given its predecessor's smarts, Elysium fails to capture District 9's spirit or sense of originality and wonder.
the film's allegorical terms are decidedly unstable and arguably compromised by the presence of Damon, a traditional white leading man, as the film's savior figure
The latest in a string of anti-corporate dystopian films that has the evil CEO's overthrown by a superhero rather than the workers. What would Karl Marx say, I wonder?
Its parallels with present-day asylum-seeking are obvious, and while the analogy might be a little heavy-handed, it still hits its mark and makes its point very well.
Best to ignore all the political overtones and just enjoy as a straight sci-fi action flick.
Equal part brilliant and stupid.
If you can't ignore the ham-handedness of the message, which moves quickly from not far off-base to way, way over the top, it might be just too much for you.
The fact that Elysium comes close to greatness - classichood always feeling tantalisingly within reach - only makes its failings more frustrating.
A worthwhile look at a dystopian not-so-distant future, 'Elysium' is an action-packed science-fiction drama that's more serious than much of the other summer fare.
Blomkamp aims higher and thinks bigger with Elysium, keeping the smarts and heart of District 9, while ramping up the action.
It almost feels like it's some sort of fable...but if that's the case...then it's so heavy-handed, you would need an exoskeleton to lift your hands.
ELYSIUM doesn't have the striking originality and defiance of DISTRICT 9 but its prescient social commentary fused with spectacular sci-fi action makes for essential viewing.
The brutality of a desolate futuristic setting matches hard-hitting action sequences perfectly, but middling characters disrupt the film's impact
...talk about Matt to the Max! . . . that would be an ultra-stern Matt Damon, whose futuristic tough guy is a legitimate piece of work.
This is a big budget science fiction film with some good special effects and plenty of action. It is not the film it should have been, given the talent and money that went into it, but it does have some provocative ideas.
Hugely disappointing follow-up to director Neil Blomkamp's brilliant District 9. An intriguing premise evaporates into mindless sci-fi action. Jodie Foster gives the worst performance of her career.
This daring exercise in sci-fi storytelling reaches bravely for the sky...and pretty much gets there.
While I find more problems with Neill Blomkamp's Elysium as time passes, I still come down pretty strongly for the film.
The blank-slate act that worked for Damon in the Bourne movies simply makes him into a placeholder here.
Like Max, the movie has to keep moving, and Mr. Blomkamp lets you fill in the gaps yourself as it progresses. Or not.
It looks and feels impressive, and actually seems to be about something other than explosions ... but is undone by a script that bludgeons its audience with all the subtly of a grenade to the face - which, in fact, happens to one of the film's characters.
A bloody good movie, a ripping yarn, a dark dystopian future sci-fi, full of action, astonishing imagery, a superb score (Ryan Amon), great performances (with one exception) and such an assured sense of style that I was continually bowled over.
An underwhelming, sci-fi adventure more akin to After Earth than District 9.
What form of British-ish accent is Foster attempting exactly? A Razzie-worthy performance.
Neill Blomkamp ... keeps the action coherent and fills the plot with clever twists that make up for some of the insulting obviousness of the political allegory.
The curious way that absolute power and absolute powerlessness lead to disconcertingly similar behavior is something that all will find suitably provocative
Elysium has many of the ingredients one would think required to replicate [District 9's] artistic success. So perhaps the only lingering question worth answering is, 'Why isn't it quite as good?'
Doesn't quite build on the dazzling potential of District 9, but it doesn't fail the previous film either.
[Blomkamp] disappoints with his second outing, rehashing ideas from such films as "Total Recall" (Max's grimy apartment and factory job are just like Douglas Quaid's in last year's remake) with the same dusty, rusty aesthetic as "District 9."
An exciting and visually stunning film, one which perhaps holds too much to a familiar path, but which is undeniably thrilling.
"Elysium" is not the film I have been waiting for.
... despite the noble intentions, Elysium suffers from second-act meandering that prevents it from becoming the sci-fi classic it was intended to be.
Blomkamp crams his tale with reams of topical material ... It's potent stuff, or at least it would be if the movie surrounding it didn't take so many shortcuts.
Though it boasts many similarities to Blomkamp's entertaining but uneven debut, 2009's District 9, Elysium comes off as a far more successful sci-fi outing that's been hard-wired with unexpectedly hypnotic sequences...
Visionary sci-fi film, a highly political one, about the class divide.
'Elysium' goes overboard with loud, jerky, repetitive action sequences.
Elysium still relies for its success on the performances, and especially on Matt Damon's, and on that of his nemesis, the mercenary with attitude, played with ferocious intensity (and feral South African accent) by Sharlto Copley
It is easy to find relevance in Neill Blomkamp's sci-fi thriller Elysium, in which non authorised residents of the elitist man-made wheel-shaped space-station are kept at bay
Blomkamp tells his story with a heavy hand, concentrating more on messages than on storytelling or on emotional connections with the characters.
"Elysium" has hefty pretentions that are undercut by lack of details, some poorly conceived characters and a lack of wit. Too many questions are left unanswered.
This is the product of a major filmmaking talent.
Beset with enough wonky stepping stones to undermine its use as a political rabble rouser.
Lets the desire for typical movie tropes get in the way of a smarter movie.
Like a drunk supermodel, Elysium looks pretty but stumbles around too much for its own good.
Beware of any movie whose climax involves downloading information into a computer before time runs out.
I have a soft spot for sci-fi movies that use the genre to investigate societal issues; this one does it extremely well. It's more provocative than political.
More admirable for its ideas than its execution, the film manages to balance its iniquities with capable performances that keep Elysium from being completely forgettable.
Blomkamp has taken note of the growing gap between the world's have and have-nots and made it literal.
Elysium presents vivid and grounded sci-fi realness in a clumsy story full of unconvincing characters - resulting in an interesting but conflicted movie experience.
Though Elysium is a testament to Blomkamp's extraordinary skill as a visual filmmaker, it does not speak nearly so well for his gifts as a writer.
"Elysium" is simply one of the worst films of the year, with derelict dialogue and a sound track that is like nails on a chalkboard.
When the best parts of a science fiction film are its set designs, that's not a good thing.
There's always room for one more apocalypse when there's popcorn to sell.
The acting is sub-par. Damon fails to generate the hero vibe. Jodie Foster is wasted as the iron-faced space queen. And, her chief agent, is a South African actor who is very hard to understand. His words, I mean.
The violence in Elysium is stark and cruel, befitting a film about a divided society.
Director-screenwriter Neill Blomkamp, who imprinted the movie history map with his incredibly original 'District 9,' does not equal that triumph. But portions of 'Elysium' come near.
Elysium is genuine at heart, but its story structure is so futuristically torqued that nothing seems to affect you the way that it should. Despite a strong attempt, Elysium doesn't impact your emotions the way District 9 did.
Although the plot does not hold up under close examination, the presentation is fast-paced, exciting and visually memorable, while also wrenching some legitimate emotion out of the audience.
Elysium is an engrossing, entertaining ride. Damon is outstanding as the underdog, with much more nuanced feelings and motivation than your typical angry-dude-with-weapons.
Visually the film is packed with powerful images.
Ppretty entertaining until brawn overcomes the screenplay's brains.
Copley's scenes (as well as the ones with Finchtner) are the only moments when the film has any fire in its belly and can hold our interest.
Blomkamp deftly balances the action requirements with the issues and fills in the background with enough detail to make this multicultural dystopian split between the haves and have-nots feel logical and familiar.
In a summer of antiseptic effects spectacles, Elysium stands out for its grime and intensity, as well as the bluntness of its class allegory.
It's an exciting and fast-paced film, where the clock is always ticking toward some imminent disaster. But it's also a moving film because its basic dilemmas are real-world ones.
The action is bludgeoning.
A cautionary tale about the dangers of squandering resources that wastes its own talent.
Blomkamp's crazy style and depth of dystopian vision makes Elysium worth watching.
Blomkamp turns subtext into text into screaming red letters into massive hands that appear from the screen and slap you repeatedly in face.
Blomkamp knows how to blow apart a body. Thankfully, he also knows how to engage in compelling speculative-world-building.
This time, backed by a bigger budget and a more experienced cast, Blomkamp proves that his vision is indeed capable of sustaining a larger-scale story by delivering a carefully balanced mix of social commentary and innovative sci-fi action.
If Elysium is an example of how recession-era Hollywood intends to dramatize the rift between the haves and the have-nots, let's hope the studios don't also bring back Smell-O-Rama.
It all looks so darned real, you'd swear it was filmed on location of a 15-year-old's hyperactive, sci-fi-addled brain.
The world-building is fantastic and detailed...When there is violence, it is gory and brief, used to shocking (and sometimes campy, whether intended or not) effect.
...tough-minded science fiction rooted in sociopolitical realities that set it apart from almost every other CGI-ed blockbuster.
...a dark, fast-paced, violent film with quite a few F-bombs marred by a Terrence Malick-like pace killing scene near the end.
Elysium is more generic than fans will hope for, but Damon's committed turn and its detailed, haunting vision of the future still resonate.
Dopey Pollyanna politics meet hackneyed storytelling. Elysium has it all!
Decent Sci-fi. Neill Blomkamp gives the near future a negative, narrow, violent -- but probably more accurate than Star Trek -- view.
There's not a whole lot that's really new going on in this picture.
The plot and character clichés in Blomkamp's screenplay are easier to accept thanks to his eye for visual detail.
What I find most exciting is that this is only Blomkamp's second feature and he's already staked out the promising territory of movies that look really cool and simultaneously take on challenging subject matter.
...the prevalence of the F-bomb does not add one thing to the story and only cheaply gives us any sort of gritty realism that quickly evaporates during the film's sequences on Elysium.
Calm down. This movie fits fine with conservatism. It's pretty much a warning about what will happen to Earth if socialism wins. Future Socialist Earth is in bad shape. It's dusty. It's dirty. It's unkept. Basically, it's Detroit.
As he proved with his last film, Blomkamp certainly has a firm grip on handling the gritty action sequences. (Full Parental Review also available)
Though it's often entertaining, it isn't particularly enlightening, and while its larger conceptual ideas are admirable, the execution of those ideas doesn't always feel completely thought through.
An epic about saving humanity that feels more manufactured than human.
It's like one of those bad "Star Trek" episodes, when Gene Roddenberry stopped everything on the bridge so he could lecture us about the Cold War.
It's weird to see a mainstream movie this grim and angry.
Neill Blomkamp's follow-up feature to District 9 has been keenly anticipated and Elysium starts out on that same solid footing.
This is one of the better action films of the year.
Yet another shallow, dumb blockbuster that could easily be turned into a video game. Matt Damon and Jodie Foster are both underserved by the weak script that favors mind-numbing CGI and action over character development and intelligence.
There are occasional clever moments in Elysium, but overall it's a film on a mission and subtly be damned.
Packed with potential, but Blomkamp can't pull it together to make it work. He's conflicted if he wants to just make a fun blockbuster or a commentary on today's society, but not choosing a side results in a disjointed, lacking effort.
It doesn't help that Max is an unsympathetic hero who becomes a transparently inconsistent one.
"Elysium" is a smart sci-fi thriller that bundles the action and visuals we want with some provocative ideas about some of today's most contentious issues.
In order to make his point, Neill Blomkamp resorts to painting with an awfully broad brush, and the complex issues... Elysium seeks to tackle are marginalized by half.
Although the pulp energy that Blomkamp brings to this material makes it consistently watchable, the film doesn't feel as singular as we would have hoped.
Rote Action Scenes Muddle "Elysium's" Message
Few mainstream moviemakers have painted as sprawling and densely detailed a portrait of humanity in extremis as Blomkamp does here.
Does a little, sometimes shockingly little, with a lot.
Among the slew of recent futuristic hell-in-a-handbasket spectacles, Elysium takes the cake.
Makes clear that Blomkamp is a genuine visionary who's trying to push the envelope of possibility in mainstream popcorn cinema.
The movie's blue-collar aesthetic, impressive in its vision and kinetics, lacks emotional variety and humor.
Damon's presence greatly alleviates the been-there feel of this Elysium excursion, which starts to run out of steam when the usual explosive heroics kick in.
The movie is both sloppy in its details and too literal in its thinking. A less blunt allegory might have made for sharper entertainment.
Director/writer [Neill] Blomkamp has tossed adie any sense of subtlety for a heavy-handed reprise of some of District 9's basic themes hog-tied to a riff on undocumented immigration.
Damon's credibility and dedication to his character give Elysium a solid but squandered foundation.
Mr. Damon brings both a weary optimism and convincing physicality to Max, who is no revolutionary. He just wants to live, and is willing to don an exoskeletal combat suit and fight robots to do it.
Blomkamp's admirable if obvious egalitarianism too often devolves into simplistic wish-fulfillment. Still, his formidable visual imagination is on full display.
Expertly made but intellectually shallow, especially when it devolves into standard-issue he-man heroics in the last act.
It must be said that Blomkamp proves himself to be a capable storyteller, maintaining a gripping pace peppered with impressive, inventive, and often bloody action sequences. Elysium itself is a fantastically rendered place, and one used sparingly.
Despite some terrific action scenes, "Elysium" is held back by its predictable plot, questionable casting and overly glossy presentation. It feels like an enormous missed opportunity.
I departed the theater satisfied with what I'd seen but wanting more.
For a film that wears its empathy and social conscience on its sleeve, "Elysium" is a disappointingly hollow experience.
Mr. Damon's performance helps keep the movie from sinking under the weight of its artfully constructed horrors.
What's great about "Elysium" is that it invites and even encourages discussion and debate while delivering proficiently at the levels of plot, action and special effects.
Where so many end-of-the-world flicks are as dour as they are dumb, 'Elysium' is brimming with humor and special effects to die for. But it's Blomkamp's clever screenplay and even cleverer casting choices that lift it into orbit.
A big, tasty slice of B-movie cheese. Who knew Matt Damon was the new Arnold Schwarzenegger circa 'Total Recall?'
This vision of a violent future makes "Elysium" well worth seeing, even as the conventional violence of the thriller finale makes it a missed opportunity.
Elysium is yet another badly derivative and poorly engineered contraption in a summer movie season that's already thick as blackflies with 'em.
Any attempt at heavy political commentary tends to get diluted by the film's desires to be accepted as a summer action movie.
"Elysium" is an action movie made for people thinking about something besides things blowing up. Damon shows you everything without trying to show you anything - at least without seeming like he's trying. He's like looking into clear water.
Despite a crazy-bad performance from a two-time Oscar winner, 'Elysium' is great entertainment.
Elysium is a gripping, visceral, disconcerting bit of business. Just as writer-director Neill Blomkamp intended.
While Blomkamp has proven himself to be a master of sci-fi social commentary in the past, this dull wheel in the sky just lands with a resounding thud.
In an era when so few big-budget directors have anything to say, Blomkamp still runs ahead of most of that pack.
Elysium starts out hot with promise and tension but unravels into a sticky mess of blood-soaked melodrama and action conventions that seem beneath such a gifted filmmaker.
Damon has an awfully good nose for material; even when "Elysium" grows allegorically simplistic or familiar, the script avoids pounding cliche, and Blomkamp and his design and effects teams give us a plausibly harsh idea of things to come.
A grim and predictable adventure saga that is not nimble but leaden. Dystopia has rarely been so dysto-pointing.
There's a tough-mindedness there that's admirable, even if it's preaching to a mall-multiplex choir. But one wishes Blomkamp were less concerned with his Halo-style run-and-gunning and more interested in the subtler repercussions...
Elysium delivers sci-fi without dumbing it down. It's a hell-raiser with a social conscience.
Despite a fertile premise about the 1% of the 1% living on a pristine space station orbiting above earth's teeming and impoverished masses, this movie has far more brawn than smarts.
[A] conceptually bold, sporadically engaging but ultimately bland blockbuster.
Because yes, along with a very topical, deeply resonant theme and premise, Elysium has a hurtling momentum, with enough boom-crash-splatter explosiveness to wow even the most hardened action junkie.
Always fascinating to watch, perhaps more effective as a silent reminder of economic disparity and discrimination than bulky summer escapism trying to smash its audience in the face with a hammer.
Neill Blomkamp is the real thing: a visionary filmmaker with a headful of dystopia and the story-telling ability to give it some punch.
It's pretty cool to try to work those worthy topics into a science-fiction film, but it's too bad Blomkamp checked all semblance of subtlety at the door.
An expertly-made slice of future shock that breaks no new ground whatsoever.
For all its simple politics, clanging dialogue, and underwritten roles -- only Damon's natural, and deepening, ability to suggest unspoken disappointment gives his character dimension -- Elysium works, though never as well as it should.
...the sort of science fiction thriller some of us have been craving all summer only to see one film after another fall short.
...captivated me with its depiction of a not-so-far-off future and the technology that governs it.
A great-looking entertainment that could have reached new classic status with a longer cut that allowed the characters to breathe, expand and deepen.
In the end these grand ideas are no more than a gaudy collection of intellectual set dressing, more distracting than genuinely intriguing
An extremely engaging sci-fi thriller with a director's strong point of view on the caste system. Should be seen twice.
It is a little more conventional than District 9 (what isn't?), but confirms Blomkamp as one of the potential science-fiction greats of this decade.
Elysium is a sporadically engaging tale, as well as a potent commentary on immigration and health care policies.
Elysium confirms the talent - for razory mayhem and shocking satire, for the crazed spectacle of future decay - that Blomkamp showcased in his amazing first feature, District 9.
Elysium is loud, boisterous nonsense. But it is entertaining.
People expecting another "District 9" or who expect a little more substance from their science fiction films will most likely be disappointed by "Elysium," but those who like their videogame-style sci-fi shoot-em-ups will have no problem here.
The visual style evokes numerous bone-crushing blockbusters of recent years, but part of what makes this so invigorating is the way it turns the genre on its head, critiquing military might and voicing sympathy for the disenfranchised.
Elysium revs you up, and on its own dumb terms it delivers. But it's less fun when Blomkamp blows something up than when he sends it up ...
It turns out Elysium isn't the summer's savior that some may have hoped, and worse, it's actually a lesser film than some of this season's other big movies that underwhelmed.
Like some of the best sci-fi movies, it draws strength from a great idea. Then it settles for crunching battles and predictability.
Furiously exciting sci-fi, carefully considered and loaded with allegories and social commentary.
Elysium is more ideologically aware than it is ideologically astute, yet Neill Blomkamp is still being much more politically daring here than in District 9.
It may not be nominated for an Oscar, but Elysium stands as a triumph for those who think sci-fi is nothing more than dumbed down dogfights in space.
Elysium is entirely too heavy-handed and insubstantial to leave an impact. The effort may be extremely noble and respectable, but the finished product falls severely short
THX-1138 filtered through Halo for the Xbox, Brave New World with more effects and less affect for a timid time of bloated blockbusters, Elysium squanders potential greatness, instead attaining costly mediocrity.
If ''Elysium'' doesn't nearly live up to ''District 9,'' it shows enough panache to leave us waiting enthusiastically for his next effort.
Neill Blomkamp's choice to indulge in his bigger budget by throwing in every advanced technology he could conjure up dilutes the more thoughtful, raw components of the film.
For all its flaws, Elysium is an often-absorbing and largely entertaining film from a young director with a great future. That makes it worth seeing -- if not a complete success.
Slick and stylish, Elysium shines like the space station at its core - and feels as sterile and generic, too.
Overloads with plot and under-delivers on texture.
Elysium may point with a singularly pulpy brio toward where we could be headed. But in terms of how its fictional heroes try to transcend such brave new worlds, it's not showing us a future we haven't seen a million times before.
Appealing though he usually is as an action hero, Damon doesn't have much to do here but scowl and look cool brandishing giant weapons.
It's a briskly paced thriller boasting the expected summertime flourishes: chase scenes, fight scenes, futuristic dystopian obstacles. But it strives to be something more.
Neill Blomkamp's follow up to the extraordinary District 9 has a bigger budget, bigger stars and lots more references to classic hits, but this visionary filmmaker still isn't dazzled by Hollywood.
Not exactly original, but more proof that Blomkamp is on his way to being the only sci-fi filmmaker who matters.
Putting on his Very Serious face for what ought to be a romp, Matt Damon is exactly the wrong choice for a role that 1980s Arnold Schwarzenegger would have played with a twinkle in his eye.
Elicits the same kind of brutal, mature thrills we used to find in sci-fi classics like Aliens and RoboCop.
It's hard to say if the movie sags around the weight of [Damon's] performance or if he's just working inhumanly hard to hold this heavy-spirited picture aloft.
For all the visual flair and incredible talents of it's director, "Elysium" just wouldn't allow me to get past the message it continues to preach over and over again.
If I was the Mayor of Hollywood for a day (or the president of Elysium), I'd give Blompkamp the "Star Wars" universe and say "take your pick, Champ...you've earned it." And then hope he picks a Boba Fett tale.
Where Neill Blomkamp's District 9 was surprisingly sleek and refined given its low budget and rookie creator, the follow-up proves that more is very often less.
It hits you as fact; the director's fiercest gift is not to invent the future, as a plausible dream, but to report on it as if it already existed
The best looking movie of its type since "Avatar."
Dark, thrilling and heartfelt. Just as uncompromising and imaginative as DISTRICT 9.
Elysium is a trip worth taking, no doubt about it.
A mesmerizing sci-fi thriller set in a dystopian world where the rich reside on a paradisiacal orbital space station and the teeming masses yearn to join them for their comfort and health care.
Neill Blomkamp's sophmore effort proves that District 9 was no fluke, with Elysium the kind of exciting and intelligent entertainment that's been sorely missing from the summer movie season.
Energetic, if sociologically simplistic - another violent, post-apocalyptic, sci-fi spectacle.
Blomkamp's seemingly limitless imagination in terms of tech finds itself repeatedly and frustratingly grounded by heavy-handed storytelling.
Blomkamp's best weapon is satire - as seen in moments where Damon tries to get sarcastic with robots, and tends to get either beaten or offered free medication. Unfortunately, the director goes with heavy handedness more often.
For those who've hankered this summer-movie season for splattering body explosions, Elysium provides a (not exactly) healthy fix.
Ultimately, the real star is the look of the film.
Elysium [is] a brainy sci-fi effort that doesn't skimp on its blockbuster requirements, and delivers one of the most satisfying films of the summer.
It might not be the thinking man's fill-in-the-blank that some viewers were eagerly anticipating, but it's a solid adventure that oversells its deeper meanings.
A politically charged flight of speculative fiction makes an exciting launch, only to tailspin into an ungainly crash landing in Elysium.
Even working within a more conventional framework, Blomkamp again proves to be a superb storyteller.
Elysium is best appreciated as an intense, brawny, effects-heavy spectacle that benefits from Matt Damon's sympathetic performance.

@highlight

After the heady sci-fi thrills of District 9 , Elysium is a bit of a comedown for director Neill Blomkamp, but on its own terms, it delivers just often enough to satisfy.