The first of two OSS 117 spy spoofs from the director (Hazanavicius) and star (Dujardin) of "The Artist" is sublimely silly stuff.
A lowbrow spy spoof that can only go so far with such a silly plot.
This French comedy fondly lampoons both the popular French spy movies adapted from Jean Bruce's novels in the 1950s and '60s and the colonialist era they were set in.
Infinitely superior to Get Smart.
This light-hearted pastiche is a recommended antidote to 'Quantum of Solace'.
Notwithstanding a willing central performance from Dujardin, the film simply lacks the comedic savoir-faire to leave us shaken, stirred or even reasonably amused.
Impeccable standards, far above anything you'd expect from the parody genre.
In a week of overblown, unappetising or disappointing films, this makes a refreshing change. And how interesting to be offered a French movie that doesn't come straight from the "arthouse" stable.
The amusingly cumbersomely titled OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is about ten minutes too long for a great plot to gag ratio, but there are enough smart chuckles here to make the promised sequel worth looking forward to.
Despite a number of hilarious set-pieces, the stupidity never spoils the intrigue and by playing the pastiche game better than Austin Powers, this is an unexpected pleasure.
A natty satire on imperialism and très visually stylish to boot, it constantly keeps you tickled with crazy one-liners and silly visual gags.
Beautifully made, superbly written and frequently hilarious comedy that plays like a French version of Get Smart (the original series), with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.
I have never been a particular admirer of either James Bond or Austin Powers, and could hardly be expected to be overjoyed by a 'cross between them.' Hence, I was hardly surprised when I didn't crack a smile over the antics of Mr. Jean Dujardin.
Leave it to the French to beat us at our own bizarrely self-reflexive comic shenanigans. OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is a model of smart, often very silly, but never, ever stupid comic perfection.
Those looking for big laughs will leave disappointed. OSS 117 barely qualifies as comic.
A lame comedy with a few decent laughs and several yawn-spawning set pieces that don't really go anywhere.
...slick and funny, a pitch-perfect spoof...
A charming French spy farce replete with homoerotic undertones
Dujardin mantém um bom equilíbrio no tom que confere ao personagem, expondo sua tolice sem transformá-lo numa caricatura que comprometeria a narrativa ao impedir o espectador de acreditar que 117 é minimamente competente.
The first laugh-out-loud comedy to come out this year - as well as an embarrassing reminder that anything we can do, the French can do better.
Like its hero, the job may not be done with the most style and grace, but it definitely gets done.
The French-made movie travels familiar ground, with a nod as well to Airplane!, Top Secret and that whole genre. Even compared to them, it pushes things just a little -- not too far, but toward the loony.
While this is not a laugh-out-loud film, it does revel in the quirks of the James Bond movies and makes fun of those conventions accordingly. But the film never settles into a groove that feels comfortably paced.
French cinema's reputation for subtlety goes up in smoke with OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies, a movie whose satire proves as lame as its clunky title.
There aren't a lot of huge belly laughs in "OSS 117" (although the chicken fight had me in convulsions), but, consistently clever and amusing, it provokes a lot of grins.
This spy spoof could be described as the French Austin Powers, but that's not entirely accurate. This is a loving homage to spy films from the 50's and 60's.
This was a waste of two perfectly good hours.
A witty French espionage comedy that affectionately spoofs 1970s Eurospy thrillers.
Every single second of O.S.S. 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is fun, and I'm talking about the opening credits, too.
After previous Bond-skewerers from Get Smart to The Naked Gun to Austin Powers, this feels like just another stretched-thin case of been there, spoofed that.
The packaging is perfect, and the end results beat A View To A Kill any day.
[Dujardin] has a goofy and endearing smile, and somehow manages to combine Sean Connery's suave appeal with the pomposity and incompetence of Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau.
Given that this is a French film, there's an unmistakable edge to its satirical portrayal of postwar East-West relations.
Directed and co-written by Michel Hazanavicius and starring the French comedian Jean Dujardin as OSS 117, the movie is a sketch stretched to tedious feature length.
I will watch this one again. (I'm watching it right now, as a matter of fact.)
[This] may just be the silliest movie I've ever seen, and I mean that in the best way: Frankly, they had me at the title.
Hubert Bonisseur de la Bath is invincibly smug, occasionally smarmy and obsessed with food. If that whets your appetite, he's your homme.
Director and co-writer Hazanavicius' comedy generally avoids broad jokes in favor of tweaking the conventions and attitudes of cold war-era spy thrillers just enough to bring their fatuous absurdities to the surface.
Dujardin is what really makes it all work, though. He's an absolute riot, with Conneryesque looks and physicality, and the ability to segue into utter goofballery with a degree of arch-browed suaveness.
Dujardin nails his character, who is deeply dense but always seems to draw the winning card, mainly through dumb luck. And Hazanavicius clearly knows the '60s-era Bond films, which are full of ripe targets that he lovingly demolishes.
The film is a collection of not especially funny routines - with lots of homophobic jokes thrown in - that have been done to death in previous movies of this sort.
A pleasant sorbet to wash away the aftertaste of the pre-summer clunkers.
Director Michel Hazanavicius and screenwriter Jean-Francois Halin have steered the film away from the coarseness of the Austin Powers movies toward something a bit more elegant and cinematic, though still shamelessly silly.
The hero of OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies might be described as a French equivalent of James Bond.
Arguably the funniest spy spoof ever made.
[Jean] Dujardin's good-natured buffoonery rubs off, his behavior carrying the film.
The tongue-in-cheek humor, which relentlessly lampoons action-movie conventions and the die-hard European colonial mentality, is consistently clever and witty, and the movie is a scream.
As the country responsible for unleashing Austin Powers in Goldmember upon the world, we probably deserved worse payback than this.
Closer in spirit to the deadpan stylings of early Zucker brothers than the more obvious slap-shtick of the Austin Powers franchise,
Spoofy fun at first, but eventually wears quite thin, and I don't think all that much could have been lost in the subtitles.
Director Hazanavicius and co-writer Jean-Francois Halin have created an impressively believable throwback to those late '50s international Hitchcock films.
Until someone figures out a way of truly subverting what's already been subverted, cartoon stick figures like Austin Powers and Johnny English will never feel fresh, even when they're actually saying funny things.
As a spoof of a spoof the picture becomes repetitive and tiresome in spots but remains entertaining enough to deserve a visit.
OSS has style in spades.
Not only spoofs the original source material, Bond, Powers and 1960s TV series -- it also takes on French colonial relations in a politically incorrect way. One of the most hilarious films of the year.
Sparkling production design, a jubilantly retroretro score and a genuine flair for using the film and TV vocabulary of the '60s to revisit colonial arrogance put pic in the same conceptual ballpark as Austin Powers.




@highlight

This clever spy spoof plays politics and movie conventions for laughs and features a great turn by Jen Dujardin as a smarmy-suave nouveau-Bond.