Feels like a nervous student's heavily footnoted thesis film.
Four Brothers tries to mix the revenge quest with the drama of the four boys finding and learning about each other again. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
[Director] Singleton is back in rare form with a very good remake...
...a welcome throwback to the sort of over-the-top actioners that were prevalent twenty years ago.
Adds a uniquely repugnant concept to the notion of dysfunctional, in what seems like a warped underlying fraternal creed of, a family that preys together stays together.
A healty mixture of action, humor and sentiment...one of the most sheerly enjoyable popcorn movies of the summer.
Formula filmmaking through and through, but it's brought home with just enough grit, gusto, and emotion to keep you suitably entertained.
I liked the film's first act, which consisted of lots of snow and character development, I enjoyed its second act, which started to get into the nitty-gritty of its revenge plot, but I only tolerated its final act.
Tight and resolutely genre specific, Four Brothers delivers what as a Hollywood product it promises and holds our attention with its classy craftsmanship
Mostly enjoyable thriller with strong performances and a couple of terrific action sequences, though it loses a star for its nose-dive into bad movie territory towards the end.
"Good to see Singleton returning to his roots. Wahlberg and co-stars Tyrese Gibson and Andre Benjamin give good performances".
Swiftly dissolves into a litany of brutally sadistic acts knotted together by a feeble whodunnit plot.
O roteiro supera as expectativas do gênero, revelando-se bem amarrado e infinitamente mais complexo do que parece a princípio.
The only performance that kind of works is the one from Chiwetel Ejiofor as the central bad guy.
The brothers take a few moments in reflective nostalgia, then springboard into a film of head banging revenge.
An over-violent and under-sincere story that strays from justice past revenge and into mindless vigilantism.
As an action movie, it also has some fine moments. But I'd have preferred it if Singleton had jettisoned the B-movie elements and concentrated on the brothers' relationships.
Singleton seems to struggle to keep it under control, finally giving up in the end and letting a dopey Hollywood finale overrun the film.
At its best this is grade-A pulp from the land of Elmore Leonard.
It's rare that you catch an acclaimed mainstream filmmaker dropping all pretenses and giving in to the desire to make pure pulp.
This is one of the most painfully pant-by-numbers screenplays I've seen in ages. Every cliche in the book gets thrown at the screen; no twist constructed in obvious familiarity goes unturned.
Along the way, the brothers and their increasingly pathetic adversaries indulge in all manner of licensed or officially overlooked violence, because making things right for your mama is all that matters.
An entertaining, escapist, not particularly ambitious ride.
Singleton appears to be having fun. But this is one film that would have earned more emotional resonance with a more serious, or at least focused, approach.
A stylish revenge flick with A-picture performances and direction that obscure its B-picture soul.
John Singelton proves the Western mythos can work just as effectively in an urban setting - that those hoary old cliches can find new life in the hands of a capable filmmaker.
Don't expect to see John Wayne's swagger in the urbanized rendition of "The Sons of Katie Elder."
Unremarkably schizophrenic -- half gritty sojourn into the inner-city furnace, half Hollywood brain death.
The camaraderie of a vintage Wester, "The Sons of Katie Elder," has been ubanized and updated into a violent, amoral revenge saga.
Singleton's style over substance approach is the right way to tell Four Brothers' vengeful story
(Singleton) paces his drama like an hourlong television installment ... with curse words and gratuitous gore.
As Hollywood-ized as the details are, the overall picture feels independent and honest.
Revenge is sweet, and so is this movie
Four Brothers is a violent, macho story with a perfect feel for the dynamics between four tough guys who will do anything for each other.
I'm reminded of the first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film, only Splinter is a kindly old lady who has been killed instead of kidnapped.
A well-executed balance of Hollywood action and human tenderness.
This is not a simple revenge film. It is also a reminder that America in the new millenium is far more cruel than the America of the 20th century.
Although there is some undeniable entertainment value here, the plot of Four Brothers ultimately proves to be pretty standard.
A dynamic blast of disorderly entertainment.
The plot is as rickety as the home all but destroyed in a hail of machine-gun bullets
...rooted in its usual cliched and conventional mode...a transparent revenge-seeking rouser with all the psychological complexity and bluntness of a rusty sledgehammer
The undeniable chemistry between the four actors adds real emotional weight to the story.
As long as the action snaps and the violence feels (somewhat) righteous, there'll always be a place for movies such as Four Brothers -- on rainy Saturdays, on TNT.
An unsatisfying attempt to bring the B Western motif to the contemporary urban setting.
A surprise of a summer movie. It's got action to hold up against the comic books but enough style and substance to make it memorable.
If Four Brothers spent half as much energy making us feel something for its heroes as it spent making us feel nothing for their victims, it would be a far better, and far more engaging, film.
Four Brothers, a guns-blazing ... sentimental revenge drama, takes place in a violence-riddled place where the words law and enforcement don't necessarily go together.
Loud, stupid, unrealistic, overdone, without a thought in its ugly little head and kind of enjoyable.
The sometimes absurd Brothers works only on a larger-than-life level. But on that level, the zest is back.
The chemistry between Wahlberg, Gibson, Hedlund and Benjamin makes this fast, funny and pretty violent film more than just a Western rip-off.
Most distressing, however, isn't the movie's high tide of bogus gangsta posturing, but its genuinely idiotic and irresponsible glorification of precisely the attitudes that Boyz n the Hood once depicted as vapid, self-replicating and suicidal.
Despite its basic stupidity, it's the most compelling and audience-pleasing of Singleton's sell-out movies.
For a movie that's all over the map, Four Brothers is surprisingly grounded in spite of its sometimes-schizophrenic scenario.
A solidly built, yet forgettable revenge action movie that is notable mostly for its outstanding young cast.
The film seems to be intentionally C-grade, reveling in its TV-cop-show expository dialogue, cartoonish violence and 1970s soul songs that fit scenes a bit too snugly.
Combines the loose vibe of '2 Fast 2 Furious' with the neighborhood and community portraiture that has been a Singleton specialty since 'Boyz'...
What holds us are the actors, including Terrence Howard as a cop who grew up with the brothers.
Singleton's love of exploitation (he's morphing into Tarantino) is rooted in the 1970s, and there's something very Berry Gordy about this Detroit, from the soul music to the Kojak cars that everyone seems to drive.
Easily the best 1975 B-movie made in 2005, Four Brothers is a raucously entertaining vigilante film.
It's like Anything Can Happen Day on The Mickey Mouse Club, but with a higher body count.
[Singleton's] sloppiest, laziest movie to date, springing to life in fits and starts, risibly mawkish and occasionally gripping, and often feeling like it was made up on the set.
Four Brothers takes some pains to add an emotional overlay to the proceedings, to connect, albeit roughly, with the notion that a character's humanity can be part of the on-screen equation.
The characters are absurdly thin, and the film occupies a logic-free zone where anything screenwriters David Elliot and Paul Lovett can invent gets put on the screen.
It's got everything you'd want to see in a film - violence, revenge and a hot Latina girlfriend.
Four Brothers is one crazy movie. Crazy good at times, crazy bad at times, crazy wild all the time.
As a vivid, bloody piece of escapist gimmickry, it works.
All that's missing from Four Brothers' battery of macho clichés is a speedboat chase, a role for Carl Weathers and a villain with a pet cobra.
Ridiculously violent, crude, homophobic, brash and often plain absurd.
Add a script that teeters precariously between vengeance, poignancy and comedy, and Four Brothers starts to look like four movies.
This is not a glossy drama filled with pretty-looking people. Instead, it's a revenge-thriller and is one of the ugliest, nastiest movies in recent memory.
A Western-style B-movie revenge tale from John Singleton.
Despite random bursts of ambition, Four Brothers ultimately feels like a genre movie, only without as much satisfying payoff as we might like.
The fatal flaw of John Singleton's latest and most mainstream offering is an off-the-rails narrative that adds up to one giant 'Huh?'
The main reason this films works so well is that Singleton has assembled an excellent cast to play the brothers.
Four Brothers immediately joins the Good Idea, Bad Execution club.
Squandering the sex appeal and easy fraternity among its four leads, Four Brothers pitches violently between moments that are at once warm and raw.
Brothers is a faux-low-budget revenge thriller, pure and simple. There's nothing special about it, and that's what's refreshing.
Plays like Elmore Leonard-Lite (R).
Making sense isn't a top priority for Four Brothers.
If it's hardcore, blood-spattered vengeance you want, Four Brothers the summer movie for you.
Director John Singleton ratchets up the violence to mixed results: Sometimes it heightens the action, other times it's cartoonish.
A rousing revenge flick that delivers the goods with a mixture of tight action, vivid performances and an old-school soundtrack that evokes the best of blaxploitation cinema.
Four Brothers has an elaborate plot, whose elements are unsatisfactorily pieced together between action sequences.
It's entertaining, in an unabashedly cheesy, proudly retro sort of way.
Moment to moment, the mood flips from crime drama to weird high jinks; the boys spend so much time wearing their mother's clothing and playfully accusing each other of being gay that it's not clear they really care about solving the mystery.
If you can overcome the graphic nature of its casual violence, it is a lot of fun.
Four Brothers begins with four-star potential, but director John Singleton's latest bullet ballet quickly degrades from taut family drama to sloppy action overdose.
Singleton [is] no Tarantino, which is the sensibility needed to make the script's darkly comic tone work.
Low down, high-energy pulp entertainment.
Four Brothers is an unapologetic anachronism, and one that doesn't require a whole lot of thought...
Wait for it on television and you won't hate yourself quite as much in the morning.
John Singleton gets a slow burn going in his inner-city Western Four Brothers but then the movie fizzles into something generic and disappointing.
One can only wonder if Four Brothers would have gone from good to great if Singleton balanced the exit wounds with something more than skin deep.
The Mercer boys go from heartbroken to breaking heads in an instant and never look back or, heaven forbid, pause for a moment of character development.
A good film buried under heaps of excess.
Singleton fills the screen with moody darkness (but) Four Brothers falls apart completely in the last act.
There's nothing terribly deep here, but we get caught up in the relationships among the brothers, and their intense loyalty to each other and the memory of their mother.
Four Brothers is one of those good movies that surprises you as you think you have it figured out, but it goes for the comic relief too much.
Singleton, who has never managed to make a movie that didn't fall completely apart, does Brothers a great favor by sticking so close to the lunacy.
a balls-out revenge tale
A crackerjack B-movie.
An unremarkable, mediocre remake of John Wayne's "The Sons of Katie Elder" without Wayne's charisma and with an ending that is not credible.
Lays on the thug-life testosterone with a trowel ... a marathon Grand Theft Auto session, without the redeeming hand-eye coordination development.
Four Brothers excels at following revenge-movie guidelines, and not much else. An above-average cast can't hide its B-movie pedigree.
Just another step on [Singleton's] march to Hollywood anonymity.
[Four Brothers] is a vengeance-is-mine flick but one that is packed with drama, action and humor.
Mark Wahlberg delivers a cocky performance capped with hilarious put downs and gives the film its grounding as the clan's impetuous older brother
An unsavory and unsatisfying blend of bone-splintering sadism and doofus slapstick comedy.
Four Brothers revels in its own testosterone.
Four Brothers is several movies in one slick, stressed vehicle, its hard-grinding gears meshing with infectious gusto and rough-and-tumble vigor.
[Four Brothers] connects with underlying moral currents in the way Westerns used to, back before greed, fear, anger and 'society' provided action movies with all the motivation they needed.
Call Four Brothers a guilty pleasure....Singleton may go for easy laughs, but he gets them; the gut-level jolts may be ridiculous, but he delivers them (with style).
Director John Singleton is a bit like an agile DJ who creates something exciting and illuminating out of pieces of old songs you already know.
Clumsy, dumb, offensive drama.
It's a finely tuned Motor City engine.
Rough-and-tumble and sometimes raucously funny, Four Brothers can't decide if it wants to be a bloody revenge movie or a heartwarming family piece, so it settles on being a bit of both and the heck with smooth transitions.
One family reunion you don't want to miss.
The film's final act is a huge letdown...
Singleton must be reclassified from sellout to filmmaker who's capable of selling out.
Unable to inspire, it's equally incapable of offending.
With its lean script, strong acting, and punchy direction, Four Brothers has to be regarded as one of the most professional and entertaining action films of the year.
When Singleton kicks out the jams during the hard-core rough stuff ... helmer delivers the goods with edgy kinetic flair.
As an absurd riff on baadasssss gangsta movies, Four Brothers has an undeniable visceral kick.
Gritty but totally unfocused: it could have been great, it if weren't straddling four genres.
Fails to develop the kind of noble bond between adoptive siblings that would reach some degree of inspiration. A nice way to meld the ethnicities isn't enough.
Why is Four Brothers so cheesy? Why does it look like junk? Why are the lines so oafish, the scenes so sloppily pasted together, and the characters so false?
An unusual and uneven mix of genres that is both intriguing and rewarding.
Endearingly crummy. When it works, the movie has the loose, slightly screwy vibe of an early-'80s exploitation picture (something from Cannon Pictures, perhaps.)
Due to clumsy helming, the combo of gritty urban drama and emotional family saga is strained, and the transitions from violent sequences to siblings bonding acts are jarring






@highlight

Despite striking a believable rapport among its principal actors, Four Brothers overwhelms with ultra-violent, vigilante-glorifying action and devolves into too many fractured, insubstantial thematic directions.