I may be one of the few that loved this movie, but it was a blast, and I don't have any fear saying that.
Rockwell is the film's only consistently amusing presence.
Classic underdog vs smug establishment stuff, you might think. But it's all played out in puke-slathered anti-comedy sketches better suited to no-budget YouTube videos than a multimillion-dollar film.
This deliberately amateurish, self-indulgent effort manages to be odd while rarely remembering to be funny.
The presence of Flight of the Conchords star Jemaine Clement is the main point of interest in this so-so comedy...
Runs out of ideas after 20 minutes.
Gentlemen Broncos is a movie that sets out to be so bad it's good, like an Edward D. Wood movie. But it ends up so slow-paced, unfunny and supercilious that it's just mind-numbingly terrible.
Maybe it's time for Hess to go back to Napoleon Dynamite for a sequel. Although, on second thoughts, perhaps he should leave well alone.
Veers from hilarious to unwatchable.
It's all an excuse for Hess to populate his small-town America with a series of off-the-scale oddballs and gross-out humour. The whole premise would be far better if it didn't seem quite so self-indulgent.
The film-within-a-film starring Sam Rockwell tanks quite badly, but Hess's affection for fantasy kitsch shines through brightly enough to generate real feeling.
This latest from writer-director Jared Hess is another unsavoury stew of kitsch juvenilia that furthers the rot that set in between his first two films...
I feel it is my duty to warn fans of Jared Hess's teen comedy Napoleon Dynamite that they will find nothing to please them here.
Hess once again trains his camera on misfit adolescents, mocking the obsessions of sci-fi geeks with genuine affection and gentle humour that leads to an unsurprisingly heart-warming pay-off.
Slight and occasionally clunking, it wins through by its sheer good nature and some particularly strong playing.
A cult classic in the making, thanks to some wonderful dialogue and a pair of terrific comic performances from Jemaine Clement and Sam Rockwell.
It's difficult to pick up on a majority of the nightmarish qualities that were promised in the initial wave of response.
You can't root for [the characters] while laughing at the work they hold dear -- it just doesn't go both ways.
The question isn't why was Gentlemen Broncos abruptly pulled from theaters. How in the world did the movie even get that far?
At one level, it is pretty bad. Then, on the other level, it is downright horrible. Unless you're an entertainment masochist, neither is very much fun.
the celebration of pure imagination without the baggage of a value judgment to cloud the issue
Excruciating...its awfulness is so profound that it actually takes on a perverse fascination.
A deeply weird movie that bears no signs of any interference from any Hollywood types. For better or worse, this is what comes out of Hess' brain when he's left to his own devices.
Don't pay money to see it, don't waste your time if it comes on cable; you might not even want to bother reading the rest of this review.
A whole bunch of fecal, scrotal and pukal jokes have been planted in Gentlemen Broncos to distract us from its lack of narrative momentum.
As the struggle toward something new and different overwhelms the film, it becomes less and less human, less and less funny and less and less worth the effort to meet it on its own terms.
A tedious and unfocused concoction involving science fiction, plagiarism and the nightgown industry.
Where do you go after rocket-propelled deer statuary, cyclops warriors in golf carts, and Mike White with a dubbed Irish accent?
Jared Hess, who made Napoleon Dynamite, a film I admit I didn't get, has made a film I don't even begin to get.
It feels almost mean-spirited to laugh at Benjamin's travails. He has done nothing to provoke them and seems incapable of fending for himself.
Life is too precious to waste it watching a disaster like this one.
The deliberately low-rent cheesiness of the special effects, as well as the childish grossness of the humor, give "Gentlemen Broncos" a distinctive and original flavor.
The script is condescending to its characters to the point that poor Jennifer Coolidge should file abuse charges.
There's something a little tired about Gentlemen Broncos.
There's a lesson behind Gentlemen Broncos, the new film from director Jared Hess: Don't try to mock above your talent level.
Gentlemen Broncos pushes beyond the perimeter of the previous films' massive in-jokes to create a universe that is not only nonsensical but unappealing and off-putting to boot.
What Michael Bay did for the Hollywood blockbuster with his second Transformers movie, Jared Hess has now done for the low-budget indie with Gentlemen Broncos -- namely, stain an entire genre with a sense of soulless calculation.
The sci-fi themed Gentlemen Broncos doesn't just visit Planet Quirk, it crash lands upon it.
Indie comedy is too gross, cringe-inducing to be funny.
The comic performance of Jemaine Clement, as the writer, is the one thing to salvage from this experience.
Filmmakers usually mature over time. Jared Hess, on the other hand, appears to be getting more juvenile.
Having peaked with his debut, Napoleon Dynamite, Jared Hess has settled into being a family-friendly John Waters -- which is redundant, since Waters is already rated PG-13.
An uneven comedy that gets high scores for the amount of laughs it does provide. My assessment? Normal is overrated.
Everything that basically worked in Napoloeon Dynamite -- the behind-the-beat timing, the arch eccentricity -- it's all misjudged here.
It doesn't have any kind of emotional center.
Fun material buried under a gross residue -- not just the projectile vomiting or the snake diarrhea, but the 'shlick, shlick' sound as Benjamin gives an over-lotioned hand massage
A juvenile, crass and silly mess that's occasionally irritating to watch, intermittingly funny and over-the-top, but nonetheless amusing and wildly imaginative. It's best enjoyed with a group of friends late at night while checking your brain at the door.
Jemaine Clement, best-known as the extrovert half of the fake-folk comedy duo Flight of the Concords, is the movie's real star. His Chevalier %u2013 all elaborate hair, sonorous purr and oily insincerity %u2013 is a monument of intensely concentrated smar
Hess wrote and directed "Dynamite," and here's proof we shouldn't have rewarded him. The hollow Broncos is even more cruelly disdainful, designed primarily to scorn the pathetic lives within.
GENTLEMEN BRONCOS feels like a Saturday Night Liveskit that's gone on about ten minutes too long.
If you're past the age of worrying about detention, it's an endurance test. How many grotesques, morons and creeps can you watch twist in a barely moving narrative wind?
Jared Hess is now, after Rudolf Hess, my most hated Hess.
It tests your patience even at 90 minutes.
If you didn't know otherwise, you'd swear that Gentlemen Broncos was made by a disaffected high school student -- and not a particularly talented one.
Satire aside, what the oddball folks here never feel is real, despite the filmmakers' claims of autobiographical parallels.
Timing, good jokes and characters you can laugh with and at are mostly missing
...laden with vomit, turd, and genitalia jokes that feel like they were written by a ten-year-old who just heard the word "nads" for the first time.
Defecating snakes, breast-puncturing blowdarts and jars of human testicles are just a few of the lowbrow delights to be found in this insipid, surprisingly crude comedy.
I laughed a lot at Gentlemen Broncos, but its funky, unique rhythms often give way to all too traditional story arcs, setups and payoffs.
The Hesses could not be bothered to separate the wheat from the chaff, presenting a movie that's a jumble of ideas and pastiches, none of them paying off.
it's all pose, with hardly a laugh in sight
Its quirkiness preceding and very nearly swallowing it whole, Gentlemen Broncos is less warped than it thinks it is yet still provides enough bizarre, painstakingly designed schlock to tickle the willing.
The filmmakers must have been the most sophisticated wits in the BYU cafeteria. I bet they did really funny impressions of the foreign-exchange students behind their backs.
Every frame of Hess' new film...is crammed with so much deliberate tackiness that it borders on exhausting self-parody.
Everything you need to know about the depressing, unsavory Gentlemen Broncos can be summarized by a single shot: a close-up on a steaming pile of dog crap.
This is personal filmmaking, surveying the private emotions that generally embarrass people or make us feel out of step -- a daring proposition in an era that frantically insists upon marketable conformity.
The audience may have bought the act in Napoleon Dynamite. But this time, the act bombs.
It's unfair to blame Hess solely for condescension comedy's bad aftertaste -- he's not the only perpetrator -- but his particular brand is the most graceless.
The movie's a chaotic, infuriating mess that will challenge the most-devoted of the Napoleon Dynamite faithful.
Hess deserves credit, I suppose, for so effectively channeling his inner seven-year-old. Personally, I preferred spending two hours in the company of Spike Jonze's.
Lacking any level of empathy or sympathy, however, Broncos becomes an exercise in disgust; this feels like art created by people who get their kicks tripping people on crutches.
An abysmal waste of time and talent, a movie that takes a weak premise that could barely sustain a short homemade movie.
Hess still seems to see his characters as little more than objects of comedic fun.
This is a world of freaks, who exist to be laughed at - except there's nothing funny about them but their looks.
The relentlessly (and overbearingly) quirky imagination of filmmaker Jared Hess yields diminishing returns in his third feature.
The best part is Jemaine Clement as Benjamin's grandiose genre hero, Dr. Ronald Chevalier. Even if you love him on Flight of the Conchords, you'll be unprepared for his genius -- and charisma.
With no message beyond the superficial absurdity of it all, Hess is in a precarious position to be critiquing the intellect or artistry of anyone else.
Whether Hess has made these things awful on purpose or not seems somewhat irrelevant. They're still awful.



@highlight

Unselfconsciously juvenile and overwhelmingly quirky, Gentlemen Broncos offers a lot of potty humor but isn't terribly funny.