Within its commercial framework, they're taking real chances - and 'Creep' is, in many ways, a puzzling character study in a found-footage horror movie's clothing.
Funny and scary and surprising and everything found footage horror should be.
Though lean in running time, scale, and budget, Creep demonstrates its makers' masterful resourcefulness and spirited direction.
The chilling final stretch ultimately confirms Creep's place as a better-than-average horror effort...
A remarkable two-hander, scripted (and seemingly improvised) by its stars Patrick Brice and Mark Duplass.
Creep is an exercise in the kind of unease we've all experienced.
Creep will tickle your funny bone and screw with your head - even as it rips your nerves to shreds.
Duplass's fantastically unhinged performance establishes what Brice fails to convey ...
The film is remarkable, considering its minimal means and surprising lack of bloodshed, given the genre. Does it stay with you? A little.
Proof positive that you don't need a whole lot of money, glitz, or gore to make a cool horror film.
Duplass's whacked-out performance keeps you fairly riveted to the screen, wondering what crazy s*** Josef's gonna pull next-and how the tormented Aaron will respond.
a just-clever-enough found-footage horror film whose primary asset is not its jump scares or even its mounting sense of dread, but rather its macabre sense of black humor, which keeps you constantly ill at ease
Creep is interesting as a disturbing character sketch, but any jaded horror fans will likely scoff at its inclusion in the genre.
Those who enjoyed his second ["The Overnight"]...will be surprised to see how much of it exists in his first, a found footage horror film. It's as if Brice followed the same template in different genres and, remarkably, both work on their own merits.
Though Creep doesn't exactly reinvent the found-footage form, Brice knows the genre well enough to do a little tweaking.
Creep is an effective thriller, and a fine showcase for the developing talents of Mark Duplass, who hasn't let his foray into the mainstream affect his growth as an artist.
a very fresh, hilariously mean-spirited take on both the 'first-person' format and the stalk-and-slash subgenre - and a lo-fi mumblegore treasure that any discerning, or just unhealthily obsessive, cinephile will want to add to their collection.
[An] incredibly tense two-hander which is hilarious and terrifying in equal parts.
CREEP is often riotously funny, but in a way that escalates the tension rather than relieving it. And it's also deeply awkward, a film that finds horror in the uncomfortable.
Occasionally inspired, but predictable and all-too familiar.
Creep isn't particularly gory -- certainly not for a horror film. Rather, Josef's eccentricities surface in surprising ways that, while not bloody, are certainly horrifying and strangely funny.
A slow-burning found-footage suspenser with some mildly clever twists and a knockout payoff.
Funny quasi-horror pic keeps viewers guessing.
If producer Jason Blum made the found footage horror movie commonplace in the multiplex, then this is a thankful return to art house strangeness and announces, in Brice, a bold new voice in the horror genre; he's scary good.

@highlight

A smart, odball take on found-footage horror, Creep is clever and well-acted enough to keep viewers on the edges of their seats.