... this survey of the greatest hits of salesmanship is an interesting look at the intersection of art, exploitation, business and popular culture, and the creative culture that creates these campaigns.
Funded by the very same business it purports to examine, the film does not question the hand that strokes and feeds it. Rather, it celebrates it. It is not documentary at all, it merely resembles one.
Pray inserts facts that are eye-popping (the food industry spends $34 billion annually on ads) and alarming (every year, the average child sees 20,000 TV commercials).
Art & Copy offers an intriguing -- some might say frightening -- glimpse into the world that has prompted a generation of Americans to religiously tune into the Super Bowl just to watch those short movies that sell product.
Doug Pray asked them what it was like to change the world on behalf of someone else's product
Even without the nostalgic aspects, Art & Copy is thoroughly entertaining. But the film ends up being an advertisement for advertising. It's hard not to wonder if we're being sold a bill of goods.
They are the giants of modern advertising, and they have some alluring tales to tell.
An entertaining but also oddly naive documentary about American advertising.
Art & Copy possesses enough classy artistry, hip invention, and big-idea philosophy to launch itself into the documentary stratosphere--where it belongs.
As the glossiest of colored glossies this film delivers a message than creativity is still alive in America. But the main reward seems to be corporate bottom lines.
Advertising's a great documentary subject. Unfortunately, 'Art & Copy,' as slick and stylish as it is, doesn't do an adequate job of exploring its subject.
The joy that these creative types experience when their work is successful and the seriousness with which they approach their craft comes shining through. Along the way, viewers get caught up in their exuberance.
When all is said and done, Art & Copy is little more than an ad for advertising.
Occasionally Art & Copy becomes an advertisement for advertising -- some of the talking heads are a little self-congratulatory -- but it offers plenty of food for thought. And makes it taste good, too.
It all sounds rather grandiose, but it's hardly a surprising view from folks accustomed to thinking big.
The world may be going Mad Men, but Doug Pray's documentary Art & Copy presents a very different picture of the advertising industry.
[The] relentlessly positive approach results in a movie that feels like it was made for an advertising convention, not general audience consumption (let alone edification).
We have finally reached the point where the only honest and inviolate form of media is the clear, crisp, and untainted craft of online film criticism.
Art & Copy is mightily diverting, for those who don't mind being sold a slick bill of goods.
It's indispensable.
It's entertaining as far as it goes, a highly watchable portrait of one of America's most distinctive communication tools.
A deeply fascinating movie ... you'll probably never be able to look at commercials and ads the same way again.
Like a good ad, Art & Copy bounds along and never bores. That's a big credit to Pray's savvy compilation and of editor Phillip Owens' crisp cuts.
It doesn't matter how much garrulous delusion the subjects spout. [Director] Pray buys it wholesale and propagates the myth that there's something to respect about getting inside people's heads and rewiring them into mass-consumptive lemmings.
By narrowing his focus to just the cream of the ad crop, [director] Pray comes across as a Madison Avenue huckster himself, one who's selling the public on the classiness of smart ads.
Professedly intended to reflect an Errol Morris "Fast, Cheap and Out of Control" type of documentary, Pray misses the mark by leaving his own editorial voice out to dry.
Everyone quoted here, and perhaps Pray himself, wants to be seen as an artist. But in this economy, those of us who pay for ordinary stuff might not be so inclined to worship this particular art form.
The subjects seem so deluded by a sense of self-importance that they put forth any number of outrageous claims about the significance of their art in order to justify a life spent serving a potentially dubious interest.

@highlight

Art &amp; Copy doesn't probe deeply enough, or think critically enough about its subject.