It's all way too much and perhaps the most troubling aspect is that it casts the teachers' union as the villain.
This film is worth a watch -- and a debate afterwards.
"Won't Back Down" packs a punch and it deserves to be seen, no matter one's political persuasion.
Funded by conservative Christian billionaire Phil Anschutz and released by rightwing overlord Rupert Murdoch, it attempts to fashion a feel-good family-friendly triumph of union busting and privatization.
While the story is predictable, it compensates for that with great acting and a noble purpose.
A do-gooder movie so stupid and unoriginal it had to steal its title from a Tom Petty song.
'Dumbing down' a film about educational reform defeats any point; while proficiently made, Won't Back Down's glib feel-good message deserves to fall on deaf ears.
As terrible as it sounds.
An altogether crude, melodramatic and unhelpful picture.
More anti-union propaganda masquerading as entertainment.
All efforts to add zest to a serious subject fail.
A straight-talking, partisan account about the failings of a broken system and a band of women who argued for better for their children.
It is well meant, undoubtedly about something that matters, and it bends over backwards not to trash the teachers' unions gratuitously, but amid the attempts at gritty reality, I found the happy-ending imperative unconvincing.
The forces of unionism are mainly pilloried as lazy sell-outs, which is a pity, because a lot of other tangy issues come into play here.
Emotionally engaging drama that compensates for its predictability with a pair of terrific performances by Maggie Gyllenhaal and Viola Davis, though it's also a little fuzzy on the actual details.
Shamelessly manipulative, this propagandist drama purports to champion the democratisation of parents' choice yet is little more than a big, cinematic union bashing stick.
You might find the political tub-thumping behind this cockle-warming drama a tad disconcerting.
It's allegedly "inspired by true events", but in much the same way that Yogi Bear is based on an actual bear.
The leads are fine, but the movie's about as fun as summer school.
... Gyllenhaal and Davis make a powerhouse team ...
Divisive in its content but solid in its strong acting talent.
It's not its anti-union take on the relevant issue, but the shallow treatment, cardboard characters, and overacting that bog down its well-intentioned message.
A lifeless film... The story is designed and decorated rather than told.
A lifeless film... the story is designed and decorated rather than told.
Viewers will buy into the Erin Brockovich-style spunk Gyllenhaal provides, and Davis, an actor so emotional that even her nose cries on cue. It's not a bad movie, if you're inclined to be manipulated by impromptu romance and rousing changes of heart.
It's a corporate-studio movie purporting that the working class needs to turn against their unions to survive.
With its melodramatic flourishes, simplistic black-and-white moralizing and general aura of studied manipulation, Won't Back Down is part of the problem rather than the solution.
It mixes attempts at realism and grit with transparently Hollywoodized good guys-vs.-bad guys social melodrama. That requires a deft directorial hand, but director Daniel Barnz doesn't seem to have it.
Inspiring tale of a mom's quest to better her kid's school.
Preachy yet persuasive, appealing to desperate, often outraged parents who are deeply concerned about the obvious failure of the American public school system.
All films should aspire to manipulating their audiences. [this film] does just that, but with no subtlety and little genuine conflict or tension.
Won't Back Down supports the idea of privatizing some schools. The concept is controversial but provokes interesting discussion. Unfortunately, it's done in a very bad movie.
These actors will, no doubt, survive to again give stellar performances - unless those dirty union bosses pull their SAG cards.
an absolute fabricated work of fiction, hiding behind the label "Inspired by True Events"
... misses with its criticism of a wide-open target and is therefore is unlikely to inspire change.
Gyllenhaal and Davis are more than serviceable in their lead performances and appropriately never seem to be there just for the paycheck.
A marriage made in hell between bad politics and bad art.
The question isn't how such a ham-fisted, clichéd and, frankly, stupefyingly simple-minded film got made. The question is: How did it recruit such a talented cast into its union-bashing ranks?
Well-done, well-meaning but predictable, by-the-familiar-numbers drama about two working single mothers who go activist to buck the public-school bureaucracy and create a better learning institution for their own and other urban kids.
Social-issue movies can have real societal impact. That's why Won't Back Down, which presses a lot of hot buttons, deserves to be taken seriously, and criticized seriously, on its own terms.
Geez, I was born and raised in a union family, but by the middle of the story, I was ready to set fire to my union badge. Just a tad heavy-handed.
It is wildly manipulative and totally predictable. Yet it is worth seeing on the big screen if for no other reason than it features the wonderful Viola Davis.
Merely uncorks a box of Crayons and broadly colors over the issues at hand, doing a disservice to the parents, students, and teachers who struggle with this impasse on a daily basis.
Viola Davis could play Donald Trump in a movie and make it believable. She is clearly touched by a higher power. Right when the film was about to crash and burn in bad Lifetime movie territory, Viola popped up on-screen and saved the cinematic day.
Won't Back Down doesn't wholly make the grade.
Americans desperately need to have some difficult conversations about the state of public education, but Won't Back Down goes about the task too awkwardly to be helpful or interesting.
"Won't Back Down" details a bureaucratic process, and yet it plays more like an intense, emotional movie about parents and children.
While the cast is filled with award winners, writer-director Daniel Barnz is a dunce who can't construct an argument without employing flimsy logic and cardboard characters.
What should have been a rousing, feel-good, "inspired by a true story" film benefits from strong performances but suffers from a palpably skewed point of view.
It's the cast that rescues Won't Back Down from TV-movie-of-the-week-dom.
So didactic that viewers are likely to feel less uplifted than lectured.
The film makes a serious effort to present the other side's points.
[Barns] pours on the corn syrup pretty heavy in parts and it's pretty obvious the film has a clear agenda ...
A drama that's as intellectually crude as it is emotionally calculated.
A meat-and-potatoes movie, it's basic, dependable fare that's cooked well and goes down easy.
You get exactly what you expect from it, but like the parents in the film, I wanted a lot more than just good enough.
It is made with passion and fire in the gut, and it is ultimately a moving experience the closer these ladies and their supporters get to realizing their dream. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Takes on a serious topic, but fret not; the film is an absorbing, marvelously-acted piece of work that entertains without ever feeling like a school assignment itself.
The discussion of school reform is a worthy and necessary one, but the movie and its reductive, indefinite case are not offering much of value to it.
Even terrific casting and a well-intentioned story don't add up to a wholehearted cinematic win.
"Won't Back Down's" suggestions for improving K-12 education include having kids wish themselves into college using "The Secret." Yeah, that should do it.
Broad and simplistic...the sort of earnest but pandering pabulum that might do more harm than good.
So shamelessly manipulative and hopelessly bogus it will make you bite your tongue in regret and despair.
Teachers unions are by no means perfect, but Won't Back Down turns them into public school enemy number one.
Though it's wonderfully acted, the film stacks the deck so badly that it fails as drama.
...the film is grounded by Viola Davis's sad, worn turn as a mother bearing a guilt we do not guess trying to remain dedicated to her profession in a school where few care anymore.
It has the boilerplate urgency of a TV movie that has been blessed with a high-end cast.
However you take its politics, the film upholds a dreary tradition of simplifying and sentimentalizing matters of serious social concern, and dumbing down issues that call for clarity and creative thinking.
A kind of Norma Rae for the Paul Ryan set ...
The film is all for teaching as a calling. What it doesn't do is offer it the dignity of also being a job.
This movie fears nuance, pushes an agenda and demonizes its opposition.
By skillfully navigating a minefield of political, social and moral issues involving the mostly broken American educational system, 'Won't Back Down' earns its happy ending
"Won't Back Down" is to school reform what "Reefer Madness" is to drug policy.
[Davis] and Gyllenhaal cut through the spin and speechifying to carve out some affecting human moments.
The plot is just a clothesline on which to hang an unabashedly biased diatribe.
Warm and idealistic, it's a good attempt at dramatizing an enormous problem.
The film casts the teachers' union in the role of the story's villain, an option that's far too simplistic and unfair.
Powerful but predictable, this drama about two women out to reform a failing school acts as a narrative counterpart to the documentary Waiting for Superman.
Presents the troubled school system merely as a wall waiting to meet its destruction at the hands of motivated parents and fearless teachers.
In this era of Tea Party-fueled antipathy toward organized labor, the real villain is the teachers' union, which is more concerned with its members and their benefits.
The big moments work, the big scenes pay off and the big emotions are earned in this plucky movie about a couple of people realizing that they can make a difference.
Regularly devolves into a dry cinematic op-ed with thinly developed characters making didactic speeches articulating the issues involved in the knotty, emotionally charged subject of school choice.
A film where typecasting and color-coding makes it easy to predict which characters are good or bad.
An entertaining inspirational story about people making a difference that should at least get the viewer interested in exploring the realities in making change.
One of its strengths is a knowledge of when to unfurl information, particularly for the strongest emotional effect.
In the tradition of Norma Rae and Erin Brockovich, say hello to Jamie Fitzpatrick and Nona Alberts!
It's rich territory for human drama; unfortunately, the film is more interested in slapping a charter-school Band-Aid on the gushing wound than exploring dramatic possibilities.
It's rousing -- if not thrilling -- stuff, a multivitamin for a multiplex crowd.
Grossly oversimplifying the issue at hand, writer-director Daniel Barnz's disingenuous pot-stirrer plays to audiences' emotions rather than their intelligence.
The hot-button issue of public school reform gets unsubtle treatment in this pedestrian and insultingly tendentious drama.
In Davis's case, marveling at yet another fine performance doesn't stop you from wishing that her first leading role was in a worthier vehicle.
"Won't Back Down" lives down to its bland, us-against-them title with a simple-minded assault on the ills of public schools that lumbers along like a math class droning multiplication tables.
Yet another disappointingly simplistic message film about the troubled American educational system.
It's terrible when schools fail our children. But it's not so great when movies fail their actors, either.
A propaganda piece with blame on its mind.
Inept and bizarre ... a set of right-wing anti-union talking points disguised (with very limited success) as a mainstream motion-picture-type product.
As a message picture, its heart is in the right place. Too bad it doesn't always manage to rise above a swirl of predictable Hollywood clichés.







@highlight

Despite the best efforts of its talented leads, Won't Back Down fails to lend sufficient dramatic heft or sophistication to the hot-button issue of education reform.