It's just like its subject on New Year's Day 1953: The film I Saw the Light is dead on arrival.
Feeling like a rough assembly of the deleted scenes of the film we should be watching, it's mind-numbingly flat and passionless.
At more than two hours, it's way too long, the pointlessly wobbly camerawork is annoying, and Abraham's distinctly theatrical screenplay often feels as forced and mannered as the acting is, at times, overblown.
I Saw the Light is not good, and I don't recommend it.
The pace is leaden, and the story sends you out feeling as if you know little more about Williams than you did when you entered.
I Saw the Light foregoes spending any real time with the music and the musicians, instead turning its gaze on the pedestrian details of the marital drama between the great man and his wife Audrey.
It's like watching somebody else's home movies-interesting for awhile, but not personally involving.
The Wikipedia entry on Williams' life has more energy, more sparks, than the whole of I Saw the Light. Hank Williams left a greater legacy than this film will.
The posturing, the costume, the mournful wail is there, but there is a distance between the character and the life story of Williams that never fully reaches below the poised surface.
I Saw the Light is one of those films that is instantly forgettable and a complete waste of talent from both Hiddleston and Olsen.
I Saw the Light doesn't just fail to illuminate Williams' complicated life and his prodigious talent; it can't even capture the dark corners of a man with more than enough to peer into.
A handful of domestic scenes prove that the actors, not to mention Hank, would've been much better served by a ballsier script and braver direction.
[A] dull biopic of the legend of the Grand Ole Opry.
Despite Hiddleston's bravura performance, I Saw the Light fails to shed any light on the life of the enigmatic Williams.
The movie misses the unaffected magic of Williams' best songs.
Hank Williams deserved better. [Full review in Spanish]
One of these days someone is going to wise up and make a music biopic that focuses on what actually distinguishes their subject... there have always been plenty of no-account, whoring boozehounds. But there was only one Hank Williams.
Hank Williams was a musical colossus and his story is remarkable and fascinating. But you wouldn't think so from this dull and largely charmless film. What a shame.
It's worth watching for Hiddleston's performance, but Williams fans won't find much to love.
The story covers a lot of loving, leaving, hurting and cheating. There are evocative sequences, but the overall narrative is listless and often falls into Walk Hard-style musical biopic clichés.
Instead of exploring the darkness of the main character, it stays on superficial elements and never really goes deep. [Full review in Spanish]
Writer-director Marc Abraham gets ambitious with this biopic about iconic country music star Hank Williams, but the film is far too choppy to provide much insight.
Bleak biopics don't have to be grim (think of Raging Bull). But this one is neither illuminating nor able to make the most of the dark.
Hiddleston is wholly convincing as the tortured star, performing the songs himself with a satisfyingly deep rumble.
To derive any pleasure from the film ... you probably need to be able to listen to Williams's hit Lovesick Blues without wanting to hack off your own ears.
Abraham's film stumbles from one incident to another without giving us much insight into what made its subject tick.
If they were to give out awards for the most by-the-numbers release of the year ... then this study of Hank Williams would take some beating
It takes some doing to turn a story about the man who sold millions of records before dying at just 29 into such a listless experience, but, against all odds, the makers have managed to do just that.
Like the Grand Ole Opry who eventually sacked him for persistent drunkenness - your patience begins to wear thin.
A biopic in which the star transcends himself but is badly let down by the storytelling.
This one made me want to walk a line to the exit, long before the two hours were up.
I Saw The Light gives us an exceptional central performance -- but one that is entombed in a very dull and listless film.
Hiddleston's natural warmth can't cosy the audience up to a character here seen to be embarked upon a joyless path toward self-destruction.
An interestingly acted curiosity.
The genre's most egregious clichés aren't just put to work, but paraded around like prize sheep.
It could have used more tunes and less blues.
One of the better music biopics.
Despite some structural wobbles and a disjointed script, this is held together by a barn-storming central turn from Tom Hiddleston and some terrific performance scenes.
I Saw The Light delivers none of the emotional gut-punch that country music might claim as its chief contribution to popular song.
In not capturing the essence of the music, the movie can break your heart like a country song.. .never really delves into how fresh and different Hank sounded. .in Nashville.
The film is Hiddleston's by a hair but Olsen very nearly steals it out from under him.
Inert, static movie, with lead-balloon non-sequitur dialogue.
Hiddleston and Olsen impress, and the music remains golden, but this is just another by-the-numbers biopic.
This carefully respectful, sensitively acted biopic sands all the edges off Hank Williams's story to create a frustratingly inert portrait.
Sadly, the movie is a snooze, but see it just for the magnificent Hiddleston, who honors Williams' greatness but also wriggles beyond it.
I Saw the Light slinks into theaters sheepishly and pointlessly, like a contender without a fight.
Hiddleston is compelling as Williams, the king of hillbilly music, noting that when he finds a note he's fond of, "I like to hang on to it." One might say the same about director Abraham.
Two fine lead performances interred in a film that's flatter than a silver dollar pancake.
The performances are electric and more or less worth the price of admission.
Hiddleston's uncanny musical performances, all filmed live, help redeem a movie that exhibits the flawed brilliance of its subject.
Saw the Light is not a movie that ever catches fire. One hopes the story will be told again, with more emphasis on what went on inside Hank Williams than on what went on around him.
I Saw The Light meanders aimlessly from then on, not even really grasping at things to say about Williams so much as ignorant of the fact it might need to.
The best thing about this movie may be that it drives people to seek out the original.
The film is handsomely dressed, largely factual and uniformly inert.
A movie that takes the bare skeleton of Williams's life and strips it of muscle, meaning, and context.
Abraham's snoozy, meandering, insight-free biopic was originally slated for an Oscar-qualifying November release. Then someone at Sony Pictures Classics watched it, I guess. A title more apt by far would have been I Saw the Lite.
Hiddleston's performance outshines the script in 'I Saw the Light.'
This biopic of country legend Hank Williams avoids some of the formula of the music bio, but doesn't create anything new of its own.
Abraham ignores cultural specifics that could illuminate the society that produced a figure like Hiram King Williams, who enjoyed his cultural heritage and took his masculine freedom as brazenly as Miles Davis did.
Despite an admirable performance from Tom Hiddleston, it's just not illuminating...
There's a tear in my beer, for sure, after seeing the Hank Williams biopic "I Saw the Light," a too simple a portrait of a complex man.
It's all so dully realized that we grow starving for idiosyncratic detail, desperately latching on to Williams' love of ketchup or his drunkenly being tickled pink by his new garage-door opener.
This surface-level look at the tragic life and career of 1950s country music icon Hank Williams hits some nice notes but overall lacks insight and passion.
I Saw the Light begins strong, but over the course of two hours it's a bit like watching the air seep out of car tires until the vehicle is resting on four flats.
The film depends on the main star's performance to carry the story along, and Tom Hiddleston does just that.
The movie's only saving grace is Hiddleston, as the English actor neatly embodies Williams' aw-shucks stage demeanor and performs a passable imitation of his singing voice.
There's some drinkin', some cheatin', some yellin', and some cryin'. But there ain't nothin' here that explains why, as Williams tells us, all kinds of people write to him just to share their troubles.
Hiddleston's work ethic is admirable, but the effect is akin to allowing an actor in a Picasso biopic paint his own copy of 'Guernica.' It just ain't the same.
The bigger issues with I Saw the Light are the lack of narrative drive and the question of why someone would want to make such a joyless movie about such a beloved musical icon.
... like a movie about the life of Christ that elides the miracles.
Standard biopic stuff, but strong cast. Loki can sing (and play).
Tom Hiddleston puts in a performance as Williams that ranks with that of Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny Cash in "I Walk the Line." And Hiddleston gets to do it in a better movie.
"I Saw the Light" hits every single wrong note, failing to capture his genius or make his life seem worthy of the big screen.
The end result isn't awful, but the fact that it's slow, episodic and repetitive of what we've seen countless times before means it makes little to no impression. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
This is the stuff of an encyclopedia entry.
It's a movie as sincere as an all-star tribute concert, and with about as much narrative coherence.
Hank Williams drinks, makes music, gets married, drinks, makes music, fools around, drinks, gets divorced, etc. and then he dies. Kind of like this movie.
There's no pop to the story, no excitement; instead of a Williams concert, it's like hearing his songs faintly in the background on a diner jukebox. There's more punch in an obituary of the singer than there is here.
The feeblest kind of costume drama, where the costumes have more impact than the drama and where the period details serve only as distraction, reminding audiences that things looked different back then and not much else.
Unfortunately, not all of "I Saw the Light" is compelling. Despite Hiddleston's masterful portrayal, Abraham's script is very uneven --- and it's all about the writing.
Despite its focus on a short period in the life of Hank Williams, we get to know the man, and, in the context of music history, we appreciate the huge talent he shared with the world, if only briefly.
He was a remarkable musician, but "I Saw the Light" is an unremarkable film. Fans of the "Your Cheatin' Heart" singer are likely to find themselves feeling cheated, cinematically.
Hiddleston makes up for whatever narrative failings the overall movie has. He's fantastic -- a blast from the past reminding us of music greatness.
I Saw the Light is pretty, slick, and empty -- three words that don't describe its subject.
If you didn't know, you'd guess from watching this movie that Williams was just a singer who was popular for awhile before dying young, rather than an icon whose influence reverberated through the decades and far beyond country music.
In spite of the picture's sincerity and surface sheen-and Hiddleston's committed performance-Abraham's 'Light' simply doesn't shed sufficient illumination on its subject.
The cinematic equivalent of a Wikipedia entry.
The movie falls victim to the usual biopic malaise: It doesn't have anything interesting to say about a life that was far from ordinary.
Even when I Saw the Light is giving us standard-issue concert scenes or simple interior sequences such as young Hank and his band playing live on the radio, the saturated colors and the subtle camera moves make every scene pop.
Hiddleston obviously invested a lot of time and study into preparing for this role, only to have it be swallowed up by a tired, generic Hollywood retelling of the tragic tale of the tortured artist whose bright flame was extinguished all too soon.
"I Saw the Light" gets the music right, though there's not near as much of it as there could have been. But as drama this one is dead in the water.
"I Saw the Light" isn't just incohesive, but ultimately - and far more frustratingly - incoherent.
An episodic, maudlin, forgettable biopic.
If you've always thought, as I have, that Tom Hiddleston was such a good actor he could salvage any movie, well, welcome to "I Saw the Light."
I Saw the Light errs in the way that so many biopics do: by privileging the romantic over the professional.
If you're interested in Williams and his music, this film is better than nothing - but not by much.
Williams is never shown composing; if characters didn't occasionally mention it, you'd never know he was a songwriter, let alone one of the all-time American greats.
In the end, "I Saw the Light" is an uneven experience, but the subject comes close to redeeming it. What is it like to be one of those people, whose talent does everyone good, except themselves?
Takes a dramatic wrong turn early and never corrects itself, emerging with a joyless, inconclusive depiction of a complex man.
There's something off with the filmmaking from the beginning of "I Saw the Light." For many Hiddleston will be enough; for two hours, though, he and his co-stars struggle inside the cautious, clip-cloppy rhythm and uncertain style.
This is a movie that is easy on the ears and even easier to like.
If only the rest of the movie was on the level of Hiddleston's performance. Instead, I Saw the Light often feels as if it is built more on oversight than insight.
I Saw the Light trudges through Williams' life with bafflingly little sense of highs and lows.
The historical facts feel overtly dictated, and the emotional ties needed to win the audience over are hazily sketched.
Hiddleston is terrific in the lead role. Unfortunately, the film housing this performance has one of the most poorly structured scripts of all time.
May as well be titled "Hank Williams Drinks, Flirts, Has Back Problems, and Occasionally Sings."
Reduces Hank Williams' legacy to a boring, clichéd, chicken-fried soap opera that gives us no answers or insight into either the man or his music. Why was this film was even made? I Saw the Light should've stayed in the dark.
The storytelling choices actively work against the telling of Williams' remarkable life story, and the resulting biopic doesn't come close to the legend itself.
Settles into the thumb-twiddling groove of a Wikipedia biopic, telling us that this happened, then this happened, then this happened, right until the legend's (of course) tastefully elided death at 29.
Great movies, like great songs, illustrate the ineffable. This is a movie that had too much to tell and not enough to say.
In the end, "I Saw The Light" doesn't illuminate enough to show us an entirely compelling Williams.
"I Saw the Light" is solid but not spectacular, a retelling of a sad story that never catches fire.
An old-fashioned, hand-tinted postcard that's as inert as it is pretty.
...huge mistake in minimizing the great music and in allowing Hiddleston to sing the songs himself instead of lip syncing to Williams' unique voice...then for 'Lovesick Blues,' they use Emmett Miller's voice instead of Hank's! How stupid can you get?
One thing that a bio-pic needs to do is to draw you into the subject character and earn your sympathy. By the end of "I Saw the Light" I found little such sympathy for a self-destructive artist responsible for his own demise.
Several previous movies, including 2012's The Last Ride, have attempted to make sense of Williams's life. I Saw the Light should have taken its cue from its unearthly star and pursued a more cosmic mission.
Hiddleston gives the role his considerable all, including singing Hank Williams hits in a voice that persuasively suggests the real thing.Hiddleston is not what's wrong with this movie. But damn near everything else is.
The seminal events of Williams' life and career, as well as his essence as a performer, take a backseat to the clumsy, cookie-cutter storytelling.
Despite a compelling performance leading the way, I Saw the Light is yet another biopic that doesn't dig deep enough into its subject.
One can sympathize with New York journalist James Dolan (David Krumholtz, "Hail, Caesar!") who tells Williams he's 'looking for insights' only to come up blank - he may of well been interviewing this film's director.
Hiddleston (who, like Olsen, is best known for his "Avengers" alter ego) does his own singing, but can't quite duplicate Williams' high-pitched twang any more than the movie can re-create the excitement of his career.
Hiddleston is game, but the slow-footed movie around him lets him and Hank Williams down.
Aside from a handful of enchanting song performances, Hiddleston is just about the only reason to see this preening pic.
Director Marc Abraham's screenplay skims the surface of Williams' life without building a convincing portrait of his character.
Despite Huddleston's game performance, and Williams' great songs - tunes which both sounded like nothing else you'd heard before, and things you'd known all your life - the film just bogs down in period details and endless questions.
If anything, I Saw the Light is too humble about Hank, about his songs, about why we remember him. It's like some first-time Opry performer just so happy to be up there doing its thing that it doesn't remember to win us over.
A flaccidly directed film that basks for two hours in a carefully art-designed simulation of the past.
I Saw The Light is a honky-tonkin' biopic that's able to fake rhythm, but sadly, lacks any genuine soul.
Fans of Williams' music will note that Hiddleston's acting, laudable though it may be, is entirely beside the point.
A checklist is marked, a legend immortalized, and I'm left shrugging my shoulders.
The inertia arrives very early and settles in for good.
Tom Hiddleston is absolutely amazing.
Perhaps inevitably, the film as a whole doesn't stack up to its superb central performances.
Hiddleston may resemble Hank Williams more than other actors who have played him on screen previously, but the film is a dreary dramatisation missing the crucial element, William's haunting music.
It's always disappointing when a biopic fails to capture an artist, but I Saw The Light doesn't even capture the art.
What makes I Saw The Light worthwhile is the superb performance by Tom Hiddleston as Hank, controversial casting for an American icon, but amply justified by the bleak intensity with which he gives us ...
'I Saw the Light' is a broad-stroked portrait of addiction -- to alcohol, to women, to spending -- that amounts to little more than self-destruction porn.
Abraham hasn't done the basic work of interpreting Williams' life; he lays out the incidents as if he were dramatising a Wikipedia entry.
I Saw the Light is essentially two hours of Hank Williams wandering around, singing, and being cantankerous while almost all of the major moments in his life happen slightly off screen.
Despite committed performances from Tom Hiddleston and Elizabeth Olsen, Marc Abraham's Hank Williams biopic is a dull, unfocused slog.
Hiddleston's intense performance lends a little frisson to an otherwise familiar, if gorgeously-mounted tale about a troubled musical genius who is inevitably, gruellingly, felled by his demons.
The framing is erratic, logic shonky and for every cliche Abraham confounds (the call not to use any music other than that which Hank performs is admirable), there's three he clings to (barely a letter goes by without being read aloud).
Hank Williams deserves to have his story told with the same creativity and soul he infused his songs with. "I Saw The Light" is absolutely not that movie.
"Director Marc Abraham has difficulty connecting all the dots of what turns out to be a frustratingly episodic film. "

@highlight

I Saw the Light boasts a terrifically talented cast, but their performances aren't enough to enliven an unfocused biopic that never comes close to capturing its subject's timeless appeal.