It winds up indulging the very delusions that a good (not to mention realistic) script would puncture.
It's possible that Shelton put a little too much faith in Knightley's charm, and you can't really blame her.
Even if the film doesn't leave much to ponder past the closing credits, it's enjoyable while it's unfolding, doing justice to the strengths of Shelton's ever-expanding filmography.
Laggies soon goes off the rails, its plot becoming more contrived and characters increasingly erratic.
Plot implausibilities and Knightley's comedic deficiencies, however, ensure that proceedings never move much beyond the passable.
Every filmmaker is allowed a few career missteps. Lynn Shelton seems to have spent all hers on just one movie.
The limbo between adolescence and adulthood provokes a shrug
While a bit hard to buy as an unmotivated screw-up, Knightley gives Megan an endearing bouncy quality, which jibes with the movie's pleasant tone and helps viewers believe Craig's feelings for Megan.
A shrewd little dramedy directed by a woman, written by a woman and told from a woman's perspective, which on those merits alone constitutes a rare and special film worth seeing.
Shallow, smug and bizarrely myopic ...
Capturing that particular age group, of those in their late 20s and early 30s, entering into adulthood with a certain reluctance and trepidation.
Shelton's comedy isn't just smart, but cheerfully wise; not just funny, but cleverly and endlessly so.
This set-up is vaguely creepy and certainly problematic, but 'Laggies' works hard to be as reassuring and ultimately conventional as its snooze-inducing piano score.
Director Lynn Shelton's sweetly charming romantic comedy drifts along in the manner you might expect but the richness is in the detail ...
Pleasant enough, despite its awkward title.
Features good, understated performances by Knightley, Rockwell and Moretz, although they never really elevate the material above the quasi-indie-dramedy grade.
There are light and fluffy pleasures to be had from this disposable rom-com ...
Keira Knightley frees herself of the trappings of costume drama to deliver a delightfully loose and engagingly funny performance.
The unlikelihood of the scenario in no way diminishes what's taking place within its parameters.
Though the production retains a bit of indie grunge, in terms of content the picture isn't all that far removed from typical studio romcoms--and to be frank doesn't rank higher than the middle of the pack.
Buoyed by Keira Knightley's empathetic performance, Laggies is a decent coming of adult age dramedy that (like its protagonist) is a bit too directionless.
Admittedly, there are a few stinky moments --- the engagement of Megan and Anthony --- their breakup --- the prom scene --- to name a few, but "Laggies" is still an enjoyable film.
The movie is simplistic, predictable and trite. It's pure fluff.
Minimal corn and maximum congeniality.
Love Sam Rockwell, but Laggies falls into rom-com cliches.
Unlikely as it sounds, there's a refreshing innocence and intimacy to this pairing that really charms, and will work for female audiences in particular.
Knightley, it turns out, is a liability.
Something of an endurance test.
A sweet, smart romantic comedy for grown-ups that quietly exceeds its grasp thanks to great casting and assured direction.
[Shelton] lets the comic absurdity of the situation speak for itself while going for something a little deeper.
"Laggies" doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it puts an engaging spin on the old canard about high school being the best years of our lives.
Charming and off-kilter, this is a rare tale of a young woman struggling with her identity in a way that deals a shock of recognition and never apologizes.
Shelton opts for a simple shooting style that emphasizes relationships and dialogue rather than trying to call attention to the filmmaker's talent.
A film that takes the directionless slacker character habitually played by Seth Rogen and recasts it as a woman.
It's the acting strength of Moretz and Knightley that helps slowly melt the awkwardness of the age gap and lets the story settle into a sweet and moving tale of personal discovery.
We understand, you're having trouble growing up. Get on with it, and while you're doing so, amuse us. Luckily, the movie does a pretty good job at that while keeping things overly safe for its hapless heroine, Megan, played by Keira Knightley.
Why? Why? Why inflict on everyone this incredibly unfunny, un-insightful and annoying nonsense?
Pleasantly forgettable.
Knightley does a remarkable job in a role written for an American actress. Moretz and Rockwell give decent support. But you can bail out a boat with gaping holes only so long before it sinks.
This is the first feature that the talented Lynn Shelton has directed from someone else's script, and it often seems like a premise trying to graduate into an actual story.
Despite its pleasant veneer, Laggies is a bit adrift itself. Winning performances keep us engaged -- and a one-sequence appearance by Gretchen Mol as Annika's mother who flew the coop is hauntingly complex.
As unlikely as the situation may be, Knightley and Moretz build a convincing relationship, even as the story heads into questionably sappy territory.
"Laggies" demonstrates that childhood is tough, but adulthood gives you a real drubbing.
Keira Knightley continues to open up as an actress with this sparky comedy. As in Begin Again and The Imitation Game, she taps into her own lively personality to create a punchy character who's loose, likeable and prickly.
You know where 'Say When' is heading but this tale of pre-life crisis and arrested development has a dry wit and sharp lines thanks to screenwriter Andrea Seigel.
A familiar story, albeit from a fresh female perspective and enlivened by a fine cast.
By dint of its on-screen talent, "Laggies" qualifies as a genial, puttering indie with a starrier cast.
The characters are not the only "Laggies" involved.
"Laggies" is the kind of indie film that gives the genre a bad name.
The signposts to a happy ending become easier to spot as the film goes on, still the ride is lively, funny and subtly poignant.
This dramedy-which is more awkward than it means to be and not even close to as uncomfortable as it should be-feebly attempts to drive on four flat tires.
It's not going to change your life, but there's an undeniable old school charm to it.
This one's caught between too many stools to thrive.
In short, it's fun to watch the actors work. But you wish they had material a little stronger to work with.
Better late than never.
While the borderline silly material could easily have sunk like a lead balloon, Shelton and her actors sprinkle enough pixie dust to make Laggies fly.
How much you get out of this American indie romcom will depend on where you stand on Keira Knightley doing her goofy, 'What me?' normal girl routine.
It's hardly explosive or revelatory, and hinges on more contrivances than it should, but there's a rambling, ambling charm to the film, as if Shelton is channelling early John Hughes.
A movie that seems to have been styled like an alcopop: crude, artificially flavoured and hard to swallow if sober.
Lynn 'Humpday' Shelton takes a sideways look at the challenges of growing up. Not, perhaps, her very best but still very watchable.
Profits from the cast's amiable chemistry amid the A-B storytelling. Just don't expect it to define a generation.
It does to Adam Sandler's manchild movies what Bridesmaids did to gross-out comedies. It flips the gender and adds charm and decent jokes.
Shelton has enough confidence in the story, the characters, and her outstanding performers to avoid the easy exaggerations of the genre.
Whether Megan's methods are creepy or immature or both, it's doubtful most moviegoers will share the film's sympathy for her plight.
Laggies is far from perfect, but it gives us a world we like spending time in. And that's kind of its point.
Frequently humorous and sharply observed, Laggies may not have the grit typically associated with Shelton's work, but it preserves a sweet spot of complex behavior and retains a whole lot of charm.
A movie that is, in every way, nothing special - except for the way it's made and how it's done.
The problems that Megan faces - indecision and no grasp, yet, on the direction of her life - are the same we all do at one time or another as we grow into adulthood.
Unlike its sometimes annoyingly wishy-washy heroine, this is a movie that knows just where it's going, and finds joy in the journey.
The characters in Laggies are interesting, but they feel caught between real behavior and cinematic contrivance.
Man-child movies have long been commonplace for members of the opposite sex, so "Laggies," penned by Andrea Seigel, is a welcome twist, one with more than a little in common with "Bridesmaids."
an odd departure for Shelton, an unusual premise relayed in more routine storytelling beats, but she's cast it well and Knightley shines.
Laggies presents an intermittently believable portrait of female arrested development.
Charming but uneven comedy has language, teen drinking.
The characters or situations just never quite feel real enough to truly make us care.
Rockwell is great as always, but the film must resolve itself and it's watchability suffers.
Extremely well directed by Lynn Shelton with Andrea Seigel's poignant, intuitive, and funny script. Keira Knightley is an amazing actress. She does things with her eyes that provide mirrors to the soul of her characters. This is a winner.
In her finest movie to date, Lynn Sheltonhas hit her stride and reached out beyond her niche audience, with a breezy modern comedy hooked on a heroine that flirts with disaster and finds unexpected romance while lagging in her neighbor's backyard.
I cop to not being a fan of Lynn Shelton's work. Her films fall apart in their third acts.
Wry situations and inventive acting, all caught clearly on camera, and shaped into a satisfying whole.
A lovely lark that provides a lively consideration of the benefits of taking a break from the pressure of keeping up with the twentysomething Joneses.
It's low-key, sympathetic to its characters, and lets their relationships create the comedy rather than the other way around.
The dialogue, written by novelist and first-time screenwriter Andrea Seigel, sparks with life.
This is a nice movie. It's frisky and cheerful, even when tears are on the way. But it isn't a very good movie, mainly because, like its heroine, it's reluctant to make up its mind about what it wants to be.
The latest contemporary comedy to tap into the lighter side of Keira Knightley. For that reason alone, it's worth seeing.
Even among the cliches, you can sense Shelton's touch, finessing a project into her own.
Laggies is undone by the sitcom contrivance of its scenario and some very on-the-nose dialogue, which keeps reminding viewers that, yes, this is a story about willful regression.
To Keira Knightley's credit, she's all too willing to undercut her pretty-girl reputation by looking and acting a fool for Lynn Shelton's camera.
What saves Laggies is Knightley, who's all gangly limbs and pouty faces, schlepping around in pajamas, acting exactly like a teenager trapped in a grown-up world.
Knightley makes an appealing female slacker (with a passable American accent), and Shelton and screenwriter Andrea Seigel are admirably non-judgy about her behavior.
The primary problem with Laggies is that Seigel and Shelton can't seem to conceive of many examples of adult behavior that they don't frame as laughably uncool.
Individual scenes are consistently entertaining and often even poignant. But the script never digs beneath the surface of any scenario, in strong contrast to Shelton's wonderful earlier films.
[The script] reduces some of the more complex themes of maturation to something resembling an R-rated after-school special.
Engaging, if willfully quirky...It gets better after Sam Rockwell shows up.
The film is awkward in ways that are sometimes charming and sometimes off-putting.
One of the year's delights, a smart comedy that never sacrifices its depth for cheap laughs.
Shelton makes a detour from her own delicious high concepts with Andrea Seigel's first produced screenplay, but lands in a shallow pool where mainly cynical and far-fetched residue floats to the surface.
Knightley isn't believable as either a laggy or born-again teen. Moretz at least is well cast. Rockwell does his caustic-sensitive routine, at which he's getting very good.
An adorable and accessible romantic comedy about discovering yourself through someone else's family.
It's hard not to watch Laggies without thinking back to Your Sister's Sister, in which Shelton made rom-com tropes feel spontaneous and fresh.
Keira Knightley impresses, but Laggies' amiable charm is absolutely wrecked in a final third that's short on laughs and packed with clichés.
From production values to performances to the script, everything here is more polished than we've come to expect from Shelton's lovably loose films. Yet the finished product still feels of a piece with that body of work.
It is charming and often seems to have some real insight to this arrested adolescence that seems to be more and more common, if not acceptable these days.
Superbly written, handsomely made and full of terrific performances, Laggies is Shelton's best film to date.
The movie's sense of realism in the performances clashes with the often eye-rolling contrivance of the characters' actions.
Shelton continues to subvert our expectations by imbuing "Laggies" with a humanistic spirit.
While the film has its charms and is quite a bit of fun at times, it's also improbable and a step down compared to Shelton's more challenging work.
Laggies ultimately ends up being a feel-good, crowd-pleasing comedy with little substantive texture...that settles down on all the safe and expected places you might imagine it to.
The plot strong-arms the characters into increasingly contrived and overly familiar positions that leave you longing for the more relaxed vibe of Shelton's earlier films.
Keira Knightley gives a delightfully loose-limbed performance in Lynn Shelton's polished sixth feature.
A very likeable, often funny comedy that fails to dig deep enough into its questions of maturity and commitment.

@highlight

Laggies may not do as much with its ideas as it could, but it's buoyed by a winsome performance from Kiera Knightley, as well as Lynn Shelton's empathetic direction.