The story is so loosely developed and devoid of suspense, it barely seems to exist.
I came out of this wishing the paint can crowd would settle for tattoos.
Visually dazzling and dramatically trite -- it's virtuoso piffle.
Thoroughly fails to convince that its handful of New York characters known as 'bombers,' graffiti mongers futilely yearning for immortality via nightly despoiling of public and private property, is of any tragic interest.
The film half-heartedly paints their actions as rebel-chic heroism even when it has all the integrity of tomcats spraying outside their yards...
Notable mainly for its hallucinatory, tripped visuals, which go a long way toward compensating for a less-than-riveting narrative.
A richly textured drama with an angry poetic edge that gets inside the obsessive subculture of New York graffiti artists.
A didactic ode to a lifestyle that makes little sense, no matter the darkly romantic rebel-with-a-cause ideas associated with what is essentially an act of vandalism.
In the end it's all seductive surface and no substance, but Lough has a bold eye and a vivid sense of uniquely urban beauty.
Preachy and single-minded, populated by a world of sympathetic heroes and hissable villains.
A flashy but numbingly hollow compendium of Trainspotting-inspired visual gimmicks, Lough's tale of New York City 'bombers' is formulaic in the extreme.
A mild, slow-moving drama that belatedly tries to argue that graffiti writers are political artists, not an urban blight.
This fictional take on the subject mostly avoids bombing in the bad-movie sense, but could stand to calm down a little.
Lough's impressive, if uneven, debut feature captures the adrenaline rush and contradictory nature of the simultaneously creative and criminal activity but stumbles in its attempt to justify it as an art form.
Adam Bhala Lough's hot little melodrama rhapsodizes the lives of contemporary graffiti artists.
Lough references Basquiat, without naming him, but in the end can't quite hijack the late artist's cred for his own hit-and-run movie.
Well acted and ably directed, if not very probing about its subject of underclass youth.
Lough doesn't bomb the system; he sucks it off.
A needlessly circuitous plot twist leaves a bitter taste, but not before the film's scruffy charm does its work.
The film's nostalgic fondness for '80s hip-hop/street culture is at odds with the story's supposed contemporary setting.
Excellent acting, great music, amazing artwork and gorgeous Christopher Doyle type cinematography make this film an absolute treat to sit through.


@highlight

Given the movie's premise, one would assume it's gritty and street-smart, but in reality it's a slave to stale cliches and formula.