It's one big back-smacking celebration of the 1980s...
It isn't the brain-meltingly amazing action movie it should have been, but it's still fun.
Little-known biological phenomenon: When a human body is shot, stabbed or punched really hard, it explodes like a balloon filled with ketchup. Also, heads and limbs detach with the ease of a G.I. Joe doll in the hands of a malevolent 3-year-old.
It's loud and dumb, sure. But it's affable and funny in ways the original wasn't.
Of course it's garbage. But this is my favorite kind of garbage.
This sequel knows what its audience is looking for and succeeds admirably in providing it.
The movies that many of these guys made in the 1980s and '90s were hardly bulletproof, but this is a cynical exercise in settling for what is expected to be passable.
At this point it's such a juvenile and boring experience with god awful writing, that it completely eliminates the fun of watching action heroes kick ass on screen.
"The Expendables 2″ is just entertaining enough to permit a third film. If only these steroids-packing seniors can coordinate schedules again.
There's a difference in tapping into that same cheesiness that made up the DNA in action films of the 80s and 90s and overdoing it. The Expendables 2 gets way too carried away with that aspect and dives into overkill territory more often than not.
Enjoyable, but disappointingly tame compared to its ferocious predecessor. The Expendables 2 is disposable.
The Expendables 2 is a shot to the arm of pure, silly action-movie fun, and it stars so many heavy hitters it might break your brain to keep up with what's happening onscreen at various points during its slim 103-minute run time.
Excessive in almost every other area possible: from outlandish explosions to over-the-top dialogue via horrendously delivered gags, it pushes the limit of what people will readily accept from an action movie that isn't directed by the Zuckers.
The Expendables 2 does for the action genre what ​"The Artist" ​did for the silent film genre: Distilled it down to its most basic parts before creating an homage that more than lives up to its past.
Those hoping for a deeper, smarter, or more polished piece of action cinema: Sorry, but this franchise has pretty much established it isn't about that.
...if seeing a man's head explode like a watermelon is your thing, book a ticket, because The Expendables 2 frequently makes fruit salad.
Perhaps we're pawns in an elaborate homage to excess and macho stupidity. It's purposefully - even wilfully - bad. Given that I can't prove that Simon West isn't actually that kind of wheels-within-wheels genius, he earns benefit of my doubt.
This is a film made very specifically for action junkies. Unfortunately, for everyone else it's going to be very forgettable.
It brings back everything that was good about the first movie and makes it truly great, then adds a whole bunch of extra awesome on top of it.
It's cheesy, fun, disposable action pap on a big scale - but, boy, is it lazy.
Despite its ridiculously high kill count, there's a vein of humor running throughout the script and almost as many quips zipping around as bullets.
The Expendables 2 may talk a big game, yet can't back it no matter how many muscles are on display.
The pleasures of watching the action-movie past getting one more shot at silver-screen glory is undeniable, but like its predecessor, The Expendables 2 is a better concept than it is a movie.
Pitches itself as the ultimate indulgence in action but it's only firing blanks
Yes, it's a joke, but it's an hilariously awesome one.
I like the idea of bringing this cast together but it needed a stronger, more captivating story.
Post-modern eye-winkery that lets its stars cringingly regurgitate classic action-movie quips.
The film thunders through its paces, under the energetic direction of Simon West.
The plot is limp and the attempts at pathos are close to cringe-worthy, but there's no denying this sequel absolutely delivers in terms of classic testosterone-fuelled action.
The Expendables 2 may not win any awards and will probably never be used in any university movie courses, but if you are in the mood for some good old-fashioned American action - then strap yourself in.
The best that can be said of these spectacularly stoo-pid scenes is that you can't look away from them. But my, oh my, you can laugh at them.
The Expendables 2 meanders through a reined-in, talky first half before giving the modern action fans (or, more likely, their fathers) the nostalgic bloodbath they have unknowingly longed for.
Any hope I had of keeping a tally of fatalities in The Expendables 2 was quickly dashed by the opening melee, which makes the last ten minutes of The Wild Bunch look like the first ten minutes of Up.
With a script seemingly dashed off on a chalkboard, "The Expendables 2" lives up to its title in the most pejorative way. Everything about this bombastic goofball action movie screams "disposable."
If you can get past all that blood and goofy, heavy-handed humor, this reunion of action stars on the brink of retirement is entertaining.
The Expendables 2 is that 80s mothers milk, fortified (and aged) into whiskey - and it's a fun to drink in with friends.
The pleasure of seeing Arnie back with a (large) gun in his hand, cracking the odd joke at his own and his team's expense, and all the collected weight of a thousand years of action hero experience to call on. Van Damme it, it's a blast
It's not as good as the first film but if it's mindless bloody action you want with a few wry laughs and you've had a rough day at the office, this will undoubtedly shake the cobwebs
It's a testosterone feast for fan boys, as it currently stands, and not without its laughs. But it could so easily go so much further.
The contest in "The Expendables 2" is to see what piles up fastest: Spent ammunition casings, stuntmen playing dead, or utterances of catchphrases past.
Let's hear it for the old(er) guys. They still carry the punch for an action movie. The humor helps too.
I won't ruin the Norris "fact" used in the film, but it provides one of the few genuine laughs, and it's certainly better than the forced wisecracks centering around past iconic figures created by co-stars Stallone, Willis and Schwarzenegger.
If every member of 'The Avengers' had the personality, vocabulary and grace of the Hulk, the result might be like 'The Expendables.'
Why make a new mediocrity when the old ones are still so much more fun to watch?
Although there's been no attempt to tone down the first film's bloodthirsty hyperviolence or dim-witted plotting, this sequel is a massive improvement simply because they have fun with the premise
Simon West, taking over directorial duties from Stallone, is at least better at staging action sequences, though the film is still over-edited to its intense disadvantage.
The over-the-hill gang engages in various shoot-outs punctuated by lame wisecracks that refer to their iconic roles. Guess whether someone says, "I'll be back."
Delivers exactly what one expects - excessively engaging action and a few laughs.
Bigger in scope than the original, the film's nonstop mayhem includes cartoonish battles, geysers of CGI blood and seemingly impossible stunts, with the geriatric gang of beloved icons placed centre stage for maximum thrills.
"The Expendables 2" is lazily satisfied with repeating the first movie's formula, shortcomings and grisly strengths alike, just as the first movie was content to slavishly, ploddingly cover the hits of the '80s.
Old action heroes never die, they take steroids, become governor of California, and end up in Simon West's The Expendables 2.
Magically fixes most of the problems of the first movie. The Expendables 2 is a great deal of fun.
It's better than the first, mainly due to the over-the-top beginning and end. That middle hour takes a while.
Nice to know America's action stars, no matter how old they get, will never lack for gainful employment.
A movie about boys with toys, and like all little boys, the makers of The Expendables 2 have a lot of growing up to do.
A star-studded salute to summertime spectaculars that more than gives action fans all they could want in a big-budget blockbuster.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do - no more, no less.
Some good one-liners and some you don't even understand. Stallone was harder to understand in this movie than Bane was.
I had a lot of fun with this movie, I got exactly what I expected. You're gonna get some good one-liners, some bad ones, some laughs when it's supposed to be serious. But If you are going in expecting The King's Speech, shame on you.
Action-packed and self-deprecating, the geriatric goons are back.
West and company confuse frenetic visuals and editing with genuinely gripping action sequences. Yes, it's tongue-in-cheek and over the top, but it's also far too bland for all of its fury. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Reveling in the pure, visceral enjoyment of watching stuff blow up on a big screen and rampant destruction where nobody really gets hurt, leave your brain at the door and dig The Expendables 2 for the bombastic blast it is.
You know...that balls-to-the-wall, ludicrous, stupid, ridiculous, amazing, awesome film that you thought you were getting with the first film? Well, better late than never.
everything I wanted the first film to be but never got
The Expendables 2 makes a franchise out of a novelty item, and the nostalgic kick is gone: It's a reminder that most of those '80s actioners were xenophobic and dumb, that many of its stars had more muscle mass than charisma.
A lean moviegoing experience that delivers on core genre requirements with an aged perspective. Frankly, these old guys still make the finest racket around.
The Expendables 2 has roundhouse kicks, cheesy one-liners, Chuck Norris jokes and Schwarzenegger/Stallone/Willis action scenes! It's the perfect flick to help you let off some steam!
An overtly slapdash effort that bears the same basic relationship to a genuinely thrilling action extravaganza that an order from Papa John's has to actual pizza, though it does admittedly have more chunks of meat scattered about.
Sylvester Stallone and his creaky band of ageing action heroes haul their battered musclebound frames into another old-school adventure, hoping to coast home on the nostalgic goodwill fans have for superannuated tough-guys whose heyday was the 1980s.
A thudding scud of a sequel that defies the meaning of the word 'action' with excruciating pacing. Expect a cache of feeble jokes about aging that are as old as the entirety of the cast itself.
Unlike its predecessor, this one recognizes its inherent stupidity and goes all-in on being the loudest, dumbest and most comically preposterous action movie of the summer.
Forget serious cinema. This is what it's all about if you've got the lips to be a lean, mean, popcorn feeding machine.
Sounds like it should be a blast. Why, then, is the reality about as fun as chewing on a hand grenade?
Someone more experienced in such matters told me that when Willis wears a wig the film is generally awful; when he is bald it's often okay. Here he's hairless.
Yeah, yeah, I get it: "The Expendables 2" is a fun-loving throwback to the gloriously bad action films of the 1980s. Here's what I don't get: Why couldn't it be a throwback to the good ones?
At least it's efficiently and breezily forgettable. What's more, there are laughs too and here's the best part - one or two of them are actually intentional.
It's hard not to like a movie in which Bruce Willis' toupee-less CIA agent accuses Stallone's ragtag band of mercenaries of engaging in "male pattern badness.''
Damn you goofy bastards; how can we stay mad at you?
This is total nonsense, of course, but Sylvester Stallone and company, weirdly bulging arms and all, are at their tongue-in-cheek best throughout.
What gives "Expendables 2" its charm is the film's unabashed nostalgia for the genre's best B-movie moments.
In some ways it's an action star minstrel show; they're all doing their famous lines and shuffling across the screen hoping for some tiny bit of love from the audience.
It's fun in a primitive kind of way (no CGI tricks are involved) and directed by Simon West with more energy than the earlier film - which was directed by Stallone, seemingly under heavy sedation.
Another shameless dollop of mindless slaughter and corny one-liners.
Sylvester Stallone fighting alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger, Bruce Willis, and Chuck Norris is every action buff's wet dream come to life...
There's simply too much 21st century glaze on the old meat.
The Expendables 2 is corny, barbaric and sometimes visually murky. But humor and self-deprecating macho charm make this male pattern badness crowd-pleasing fun.
The movie is excellent crap, fine junk, an exercise in campy movie nostalgia, and a demonstration of American supremacy in the field of nutty cosmetic enhancements for aging movie stars.
Pleasantly dumb fun if you watch it with the right mind-set.
The Expendables 2 is reasonably cathartic in a fall-down-go-boom way, and if the picture's self-conscious riffing becomes tiresome after a while ... it's still much wittier than its predecessor.
Does it all have to be so tedious?
Smartly staged mayhem compensates for dull repartee and threadbare plotting.
I wanted to like this movie. Really. But this sequel doesn't wear down your resistance; it just wears you out.
It's relentless, in the best sort of way. And it's funny.
Partly a cautionary tale about the dangers of decades of bodybuilding and partly a throwback to the good old days of the Reagan era, when all you needed to make an action film was a man with muscles, an exotic setting and a hundred screaming extras ...
Stallone is once more an amiable host. He even pulls off heroics despite having an ill-advised 'stache laying over his mouth, which nowadays looks like a squished octopus.
I was thoroughly appalled, mainly at myself for enjoying it.
For better and worse, this ultra-violent follow-up gives the audience what it wants in full force.
[A] saggy, rickety and occasionally winded geriatric action thriller ...
Stallone does seem to think that just getting all his old buddies to lumber up in the one place, as if opening some new branch of Planet Hollywood, is enough to earn our sentimental indulgence.
They all take turns playing the clown - and for the most part, it's fun to watch them at it, even if the body count is distressingly high.
Irresponsible as a first-person shooter video game? You bet. But it holds together, more or less, right up to the moment Chuck Norris and his dyed beard make their preposterous appearance.
The reason this movie works more deeply than just a star studded action romp is the attention to tone. Action movies are more than just a string of cool scenes. There's more that goes into creating a world where we invest in the ridiculous.
Personally, I rather enjoy an action movie that looks like everyone is still fighting World War II instead of aliens or high-tech spies.
Watchable enough, but you can't help wishing they'd put a little effort into it.
The screen practically stinks of Old Spice and sweat
The Expendables 2 isn't nearly clever enough to operate as an actual action movie as well as a parody of one, but it is a good amount of fun.
Whatever throwback charm the first film had has been utterly Snakes on a Plane-d by this sequel, which from the start is far more pleased with itself than audience members are ever given a chance to be.
Chuck Norris is also in this movie, although you should know that he gets roughly five minutes of screen time, half of those devoted to his telling of a Chuck Norris joke.
bigger and better than the first film...what it lacks in brains it makes up for in brawn...
Has the parallel between the actor and the mercenary's trade ever been so overt?
an irresistible alternative to the grown-up fare that has attempted to replace the '80s and '90s escapism, "The Expendables 2" is a fun roundup of action stars who simultaneously celebrate and send up their former glories.
It may be all brawn and no brain, but there's plenty to enjoy on a non-cerebral level here.
It sets out what it aims to achieve, and then blows it sky high.
If someone told you that the negative was found on the shelf of a studio that went bankrupt in 1991, you'd most likely believe them.
The sequel is one notch above the 2010 sleeper actioner due to the more skillful direction of Simon West (replacing Stallone), addition of younger and female characters, and some humor in references to the aging stars' past.
"The Expendables 2" is imposingly violent, dramatically clunky, and more than a bit cynically conceived -- and, despite all of that, it's also shamelessly entertaining.
The biggest, bloodiest and most willfully stupid film since the last time Michael Bay stepped behind a camera.
Significantly better than the first movie, offering enough back to basics action entertainment to make it well worth the price of admission.
Taut, humorous and attractively packaged, the sequel is both fleet footed and engaging enough to captivate audiences with more than just nonstop action.
Redundant, bombastic and cheekily self-aware, The Expendables 2 is also savvy enough to supply its own auto-critique.
The Expendables 2 is causing me to rethink all I know, or think I know. Because on so many levels, it is inexcusably bad, and yet... I liked it.
The action lover's dream team doesn't disappoint in The Expendables 2, a sequel that's bigger, bolder and more badass than the original.
A huge, bulging disappointment.
At its best, The Expendables 2 thrives on the camaraderie that exists between the various action icons, while dropping in cheesy gags that reference their back catalogue.
It plays out like a series wet-dream scenarios, performed by a cast of vintage action figures battered and broken from overuse, bleached and slightly molted from sitting in the sun too long.
From a critical mindset, it's a quite terrible piece of film making. However, the fact that everybody involved is aware that the film is bad works as a real saving grace.
There's a level of brutal, boring stupidity here that makes The A-Team look like it was written by Sun Tzu. It's all a big joke. Except it isn't in the least bit funny.
While it's unquestionably great to see Arnie again toting a giant gun, The Expendables 2 fails to make the most of its game cast, and most surprisingly of all, is quite lacking in the action department.

@highlight

Taut, violent, and suitably self-deprecating, The Expendables 2 gives classic action fans everything they can reasonably expect from a star-studded shoot-'em-up -- for better and for worse.