You can pretty much count on a film like Wreck-It Ralph to be funny... but the real achievement of a film like this is that you actually care about the characters and the stakes.
This movie is just fricken great. It's action packed. It's funny. It does a really good job of giving you a lot of video game representations...But it's not references the movie, either.
Wreck-It Ralph is a must-see for anyone who grew up playing 1980s arcade games - and their kids will love it too.
Wreck-It Ralph is one of those rare movies that's fun for a revisit yet is peppered with enough hidden references to make the rewatch worthwhile. After a second viewing this weekend, I still walked away impressed.
Its visuals are so sharp that they practically smother the rest of the film.
Wreck-It Ralph plays out a little like a screwball comedy, with Vanellope absolutely vexing Ralph because of her energy, her enthusiasm, and her wide-eyed naiveté, with Ralph coming around as reluctantly as Cary Grant in Bringing Up Baby.
Not in my wildest dreams did I ever anticipate using the word "thoughtful" to describe a fairly recent animated film.
As flawed and derivative it may be, "Wreck It Ralph" is still a very fine animated fantasy with a keen sense of creativity and wit...
an affectionate love note to computer games past
A bubbly, buoyant treat with near-Pixar levels of heart.
Ralph's arms may be gorilla like, his fists gigantic hammers, but Reilly imbues him with rue and courtliness.
An excellent, inventive, anti-bullying adventure that may be a little too technologically advanced for older audiences.
Wreck-It Ralph is a highly original and exciting film that puts Disney Animation right up there with Pixar in terms of providing a story full of emotion, heart and energy.
Hyperactive day-glo fizzy-pop family animation with a heartfelt message about staying true to yourself lurking underneath all the visual fireworks.
A very clever, delightfully funny and visually stunning Disney film. And yet we end up watching it having already seen its potential to be something much more enticing.
The prospect of inevitable sequels is more than bearable.
For some, Ralph's spell in Sugar Rush's candy-coloured world may induce hyperglycaemia... but hard-core gamers will have a blast picking up all the gaming in-jokes and references that fly over everyone else's heads.
Just like the camera gave us the heads of Frankenstein and Hellboy, so we always get Ralph's giant hands first here.
It's a little frantic at times but great fun, clever and well-crafted.
A colourfully cute romp for kids.
The film is nicely animated but confusing enough to be almost impenetrable at times.
Warm, witty, wacky and wonderful, Wreck-It Ralph deserves to stand alongside the best of Disney, while also feeling like it wouldn't be out of place at Pixar's table.
Visually ambitious and packed with inside jokes for arcade gamers, this colourful animated adventure is an enjoyable romp but is probably too energetic for its own good.
This is a hugely enjoyable entry in the Walt Disney Animation Studios catalogue. It sits well alongside the likes of Tangled, balancing both anarchic humour and classic Disney sentimentality very well.
Wreck-It Ralph is witty, ingenious and entertaining, a technical and creative breakthrough on a par with Who Framed Roger Rabbit?, 25 years ago.
I found the idea of teens laying down their coins to play arcade games in this present day a strange, semi-intentional archaism - nostalgic wish-fulfilment on the part of the middle-aged people creating the movie.
It's a CGI time-machine for those who misspent their youth developing RSIs on bleeping 8-bit arcade consoles.
Play an actual videogame instead.
The chubby 3D animation, smart-alecky product placement and potty humour all capped my enthusiasm about halfway to total delight.
This is an engaging adventure with likeable characters and some nice ideas, though the pacing flags in the second half and there's a nagging sense of unexplored potential.
Witty, inventive, beautifully animated and, most importantly, heartfelt.
Put a coin in the slot and sit back and enjoy; it's the best Pixar movie the studio didn't make, and there can be no higher praise.
It's arguably the best Pixar-style feature from Disney that hasn't actually been made directly by its acquired, multi-Oscar winning arm.
Disney's found a lot to play with here, but you may find yourself itching to take the controls.
Disney have struck gold outside of their partnership with Pixar, delivering a riotous, sharp and stirring rollercoaster ride of an animated film, reinforced by clever, sentimental video game references and saccharine delight.
Mostly it's a charming, funny, beautifully animated little kick ...
A Who Framed Roger Rabbit for the joystick generation that, despite a mid-act dip into generic Disney territory, high-scores on laughs, invention and 8-bit affection.
Wreck-It Ralph is a dazzling show of sound and colour, tipping its hat to the 8-bit era and modern-day touchstones.
A Disney flick that feels like on-form Pixar, blending knowing humour and sophistication with a large helping of heart. You'll want another go.
This cleverly-targeted family romp marks a step up both commercially and artistically for the non-Pixar side of Disney's animation offering.
You'll either love it or you'll admire it, while wishing it would calm down and, I don't know, maybe pick up a book for a while.
It's a cool game, to be sure, but watching someone else play it gets old after a while.
...a passable yet disappointing effort from the so-called Mouse House...
Despite being a perfectly entertaining Disney picture, Wreck-it Ralph leaves that nagging taste in the mouth that it could have been so much more.
This A-grade animated Disney charmer hits the nail on the head...director Rich Moore has enormous faith in the ability of young audiences to absorb multiple story strands at once, a belief aided no end by the exquisite quality of the animation.
Anyone who grew up within a controller cable length of a gaming console will need to see this film.
Disney hits all its demographic targets from those whose first gaming experience is Angry Birds to those who know their Asteroids from their Defender.
It's a superbly rendered, supremely creative effort that lovingly pays tribute to 1980s arcade games.
An even more enriching experience than I had anticipated.
With its inventive premise, clever script and wacky characters, this family friendly film tells the story of the video game's bad guy, whose colourful adventures and life affirming journey allow him to realise his true worth
Wreck-It-Ralph is one of the year's best animated features (if not the best) and it's the attention to detail in the tightly-written script that gives it such an edge.
As a new father you can fully trust me when I say things like 'Wreck-It Ralph' is fun for the whole family, even though my family won't find that out for another five years.
[It earns] an emotional final payoff, when it could have easily coasted on the nostalgia of parents, and the undiscerning tastes of infants. That it also injects a number of thrilling action sequences and witty asides is just icing on the delectable cake.
This movie - much like Toy Story before it - imagines what might happen if toys' designated functions face challenges, if characters have ideas that take them beyond expectations.
This witty and brilliantly executed Disney production is looser and less insistent on your emotional acquiescence than its Pixar counterparts...
Wreck-It Ralph is a major advancement for Walt Disney Animation Studios in all regards.
While not quite the 80s gaming throwback it implies, this is a sweet, clever animated adventure.
Easily the best animated film in a year full of crushing disappointments, Wreck-It Ralph is a heart-warming ode to retro gaming that will enrapture gamers and pretty much everyone else along the way.
There's a bonus level of enjoyment for video-game aficionados who might never look at classic arcade games quite the same way again.
Don't worry. You won't be the only grownup seeing 'Wreck-It Ralph.' And if you want to take your family, you will be laughing just as hard as the younger viewers.
Funny, heartwarming, interesting characters, but just a little bit overlong.
Wreck-it Ralph, under the keen executive producer eye of Pixar titan John Lasseter, is what would happen if Toy Story & Shrek had a video game lovechild.
The world created in the movie is so utterly fascinating that I desperately want to see what other kind of amazing, creative tales can be told within it.
Not a wreck but the movie does have some problems.
Ralph and his new friends offer much action and adventure, but the movie scores most of all with its poignant scenes and the relationships among its characters.
Wreck-It Ralph is colorful and harmless. It's also harmless and colorful. That just about covers it.
The creators, more than most, understand that a good setting and fun sight gags are secondary to a story with heart.
That Disney's in-house effort mostly plays like an actual Pixar film is a fine compliment.
Has no apparent goal other than being the biggest, most colorful film it can be, with a warm and fuzzy message that isn't aiming to be sophisticated, and it does what it sets out to do.
Best videogame movie ever! ... [A]mong the immense pleasures of this thoroughly enjoyable film are the many ingenious touches that bind it into a cohesive world...
A manic children's film about the souls of video game avatars.
may be set in the world of video games, but its conceit is set firmly in . . . the Hero's Journey. The mythic realms are made of bits and bytes, but are just as magical, and the tasks nothing short of Herculean. Not that any of this is stuffy or pedantic.
Inventively wired, it's a video-game adventure that explores visually dazzling, distinctively retro worlds.
Yeah, I said it. Wreck-It Ralph compares with the Toy Story movies. It's the equal to those films in terms of joy, character, sweetness and, most of all, heart.
A brilliant concept in search of a movie. Starts off really strong with sly humor and wit that devolves into cheap kiddie jokes.
Wreck-It Ralph knows that it can only play at its inside jokes for so long before the shtick gets old.
Wreck-It Ralph is consistently inventive, displaying a sturdy story structure that makes it more than just a simplistic romp for the Gen-X crowd.
The most fun I've had in a theater for quite a long time.
Wreck-It Ralph isn't great but it's not a total train wreck either.
The breakout star here is Silverman, who channels her caustic Kewpie doll stand-up personality into the impish Vanellope to give her some bite and a lot of heart.
Wreck-It Ralph is like the happy hallucination a 14 year old kid in 1986 might have had after ingesting a dozen or so Pixie Sticks and a liter of Jolt Cola
The story pushes a heartfelt message, but the humorous antics are pitched at a strictly juvenile level that will have parents yawning while their children roar in approval.
For anyone with a grade-schooler and a free Saturday, it's a pretty safe and painless bet. And a great excuse to go up to the attic later and see if you can dig out your old Atari 2600.
Wreck-It Ralph makes you think that an animated comedy this humorous, original, and entertaining has to be unhealthy.
A lot of kids are going to grow up with hopes of working in the game industry, and I mean *inside* the game industry.
This certainly isn't the best Disney film to come along, but it's a decent outing for families.
The biggest disappointment of all is that John Lasseter is executive producer. Unfortunately, "Ralph" can't hold a candle to his prior creations.
Abandons its initial, clever and fiendishly marketable conceit for a highly conventional tale about fatherhood ... Worth a handful of quarters, but not much more than that.
Amiable enough.
Unlike the Pixar films toward which it aspires-which marry sophisticated conceits to straightforward storylines-Wreck-It Ralph consistently gets lost in its own intricate plot mechanics.
The movie's retro sensibilities will appeal to adults, while the colorful games and characters, as well as the simplicity of the story, will hold the attention of young viewers.
Video game enthusiasts are sure to embrace the feature's familiarity with arcade history, while the less enlightened will have to do with a splendidly animated picture populated with likable characters and explosive action set-pieces.
The movie knows and loves gaming culture, but never uses that as an excuse to let the narrative slip.
The giddiest cartoon comedy in years.
"Wreck-It Ralph" is one of the best animated movies of 2012...
Wreck-It-Ralph enjoys a smart ratio of accessible character drama and goofy gaming gags - resulting in an exceptionally entertaining, and heartfelt, animated adventure.
Through it all, the animators fill Wreck-It Ralph with playful sight gags and smart video-game references that will delight savvy viewers, but aren't so inclusive that they can't be enjoyed by non-gamers.
The film gets a lot of credit for being clever and original while sticking to tried-and-true family movie themes like believing in yourself and accepting everyone's differences.
One of the best animated movies of a year full of them. Sweet, silly, nostalgic, and very geeky fun.
'Wreck-it Ralph' is a serious contender for the title of best animated film of the year.
Those who've played and programmed the games over the decades will find some fun with in-jokes involving the likes of Pac-man and Q*bert but anyone else over the age of ten will likely be bored.
Game-themed movie mixes potty humor with strong messages.
Wreck-It Ralph may ostensibly be for kids, but the viewers who will probably enjoy it most are those who were children thirty years ago.
You might wish you could insert another quarter when it finally reaches 'game over.' (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
A sort of Toy Story as seen through an 8-bit lens.
Sarah Silverman puts in one of the greatest voice acting performances you will ever see or hear in your life.
The movie's subversive sensibility and old-school/new-school feel are a total kick.
It's impossible not to feel a strong sense of nostalgic amusement, if not sheer delight, at the comings and goings of all these characters.
It's fun for awhile, but it's not a video game you'll come back to once you set down the controller.
Amid all the boring crashing and chasing and slapstick, there are some brilliant flashes of wit (particularly a reference to the guards in the Wizard of Oz).
Emphasizes action and eye-popping visuals over emotion.
This is, without a doubt, the best animated film so far this year. It's a video game geek's paradise, featuring countless references to games from all eras.
Disney can dress it up, take it out to the arcade and plug it full of quarters ... but at the end of the cord, the film's a simple, 8-bit I-gotta-be-me story, with a dull plot and tepid characters. Game over.
The first half of the film is a constant delight as clever, funny ideas are presented, one after another.
'Wreck-It Ralph' combines a fresh idea with a true love for retro pop culture. It's hard not to love this movie.
A few power-ups shy of a classic, but its winking look at the world of video games is fun, even if it doesn't reach its full potential.
If ever a movie deserved the tag line 'Get ready to root for the bad guy,' it's this.
A witty, imaginative romp that should please some viewers with its nostalgic references to the pastimes they affectionately remember and everybody else with its explosion of sheer exuberance and warmth.
Delightfully off the rails, offering a grown-up-friendly tone and merging of visual styles that are reminiscent of the studio's 1988 animated homage to film noir, "Who Framed Roger Rabbit."
Probably won't endure like the best of Disney's animated canon, but it's a slight, well-meaning entertainment all the same.
"Wreck-It Ralph" is a lot like video games and candy: light entertainment but fun while it lasts.
Wreck-It Ralph is the latest in a rash of recent movies fired up with imaginative risk. Director Moore brings a video junkie's passion to the movie game, and it's hilariously infectious.
The witty and vibrant worlds are gorgeously imagined (and of course now available in game form themselves), with a satisfying balance of heart and humor.
Wreck-It Ralph is an absolutely wonderful film, nothing short of a glorious, full-blown rebirth for Disney Animation Studios.
It's a lovely pretext for dazzling visuals, yet the production is diminished by the clumsiness of an 8-bit script.
Like a video game, Rich Moore's 3-D film is colorful, noisy, and pixel-deep.
Wreck-It Ralph is pop nirvana, a headlong rush through classic arcade games and Nintendo standards that's not too busy playing spot-the-reference to keep from paying off in laughs and heart.
The movie invites a measure of cynicism - which it proceeds to obliterate with a 93-minute blast of color, noise, ingenuity and fun.
It's pure plastic product from plot line to the pro forma 3-D to the tidy moral lessons - ersatz family entertainment as disposable as it is diverting.
The farcical story is cute, the dialogue witty and the players charming.
Powered by a standout concept delivered upon in winning fashion, this fun film serves as the most natural and effortlessly readymade animated feature for future franchise exploration since Shrek.
Call it Tron for little kids. Or Toy Story for their arcade generation parents.
Think "Tron" with belly laughs. Or "Night at the Museum" with any laughs.
"Wreck-It Ralph" builds on a wonderful premise that explores whether folks are condemned to be victims of their own circumstances.
"Wreck-It Ralph" doesn't just wreck 'em. It darn near kills 'em.
"Wreck-It Ralph" blends poignancy and a piston-powered plot that revels in both visual inventiveness and a vaudevillian sense of timing.
Starts out as a funny high scorer but limps into a second half as flat as those quarters we once pumped into arcade machines long ago.
Wreck-It Ralph feels like so many modern AAA gaming titles-a promising starting point for an inevitable, improved sequel.
Built for fun...in its dazzlingly elaborate production design and kinetic 3D action...perfect casting...Who Framed Roger Rabbit-esque video-game-character cameos, and a cramming of clever comic touches...
Sweet enough but in the end a bit of a corny-syrupy wipeout, this is middling family-night fare, but it never even comes close to the emotional or technical wizardry of Pixar's finest moments.
The film flies off in all sorts of directions, all of them rewarding. But the best trick is how screenwriters Phil Johnston and Jennifer Lee bring everything back together, even the seemingly least-related elements.
Rings a few welcome changes on the Disney-princess mythos, but it still feels like a game you've played before.
I do not care one bit about video games. Even if I did, I suspect I wouldn't be a fan of the loud and frenzied "Wreck-It Ralph."
The most inventive and entertaining family movie I've seen this year, packed with wickedly smart humor and joyful animation.
A gorgeously rendered story that will play just as well to children as to their parents, albeit for different reasons. Playstation and Xbox junkies will be equally pleased.
What makes this work is not only the in-jokes for video game fans, but the rich characterization.
A bouncy, boingy ball of candy-colored fun, Wreck-It Ralph is intended as pure entertainment for wee boys and girls. And I bet most adults will find it a hoot to boot.
The imagery is amazing - and always witty. This is a Disney cartoon - but it's got the imagination and brains of a Pixar feature.
A sweet, colorful 3-D animated feature that finds Disney passing its stuck-in-a-rut partners at Pixar.
Disney Animation takes a page out of Pixar's well-worn playbook for this, a screwball farce with a novel setting and more edge than your average Disney 'toon.
Bursting with candy-bright colors and zoomy action, Pixar's "Wreck-It Ralph" should prove as entertaining as a sugar rush for its young target audience.
More than another standard cutesy reference-fest with some exciting chases and an eventual upbeat message.
The art design and color palette of "Wreck-It Ralph" permit unlimited sets, costumes and rules, giving the movie tireless originality and different behavior in every different cyber word.
The story often feels jumbled and unfocused. But the details of the video-game world are intricate and wonderfully realized.
If only the Konami Code could fix this script.
Wreck-It Ralph never does anything groundbreaking with this idea, but it's cute and clever and evokes nostalgia for gamers of the '80s and '90s.
It's a fine piece of moviemaking that has a little something for kids who don't remember when games were played in arcades and adults who will delight in the tweaking of a bygone era.
It's a great dynamic and it works but my favorite character isn the whole thing was Alan Tudyck as King Candy, such a hilarious throwback to the Mad Hatter from Alice in Wonderland.
It was such a great time at the cinema; I was expecting to like it and I ended up falling in love.
It doesn't quite carry the heft of Toy Story, but there's a lot of heart packed into these zeroes and ones.
An adorable winner ...
The metaphor is clever, injecting real-life risk and reward into these beautifully artificial vistas, scored to composer Henry Jackman's Nintendo-worthy beeps and bloops.
A delightful contrast to Moore's frenetic adventure is offered by an accompanying short subject Paper Man... the reason for the "plus" in my grade, and a likely Oscar nominee in the animated short film category.
Consider it a force in the Best Animated Film Oscar race
Like most any game, Wreck-it Ralph is most fun when it's messing around without a particular goal.
Life lessons about being true to yourself are learned along the way, delivered with all the subtlety of Felix's hammer, but Wreck-It Ralph actually makes us care about these videogame characters and their dreams.
'Wreck-It Ralph' is a clutter of noise, eye-wearying animation, frenetic action and two-dimensional characters.
A cleverly conceived, coin operated machine.
The filmmakers deserve credit for creating different worlds, each with distinctive look, but like most road films, the tale is overly episodic, lacking the unified vision that has marked the genre's best works.
Beneath the pixelated gags, the stakes are relatively familiar. However, much of the humor in "Wreck-It Ralph" riffs on the nostalgia associated with real games.
Nothing but broad, pandering indexes tailored to appeal to the arcade wistfulness it never even bothers to convincingly evoke.
With a mix of retro eye-candy for grown-ups and a thrilling, approachable storyline for the tykes, the film casts a wide and beguiling net.
There are a staggering number of rules governing the gameplay in Wreck-It Ralph, and one of the toon's greatest pleasures comes in how intuitively audiences discover those parameters as the story unfolds.
While only the first forty minutes are super, on the whole WRECK-IT RALPH is a whole lot of fun.

@highlight

Equally entertaining for both kids and parents old enough to catch the references, Wreck-It Ralph is a clever, colorful adventure built on familiar themes and joyful nostalgia.