The two stars may be great pals in life, but there's little magic in their on-screen partnership.
Drama about untraditional parenting has sex, mature themes.
The very first scene in the new Madonna movie The Next Best Thing stumbles and the movie never recovers.
This astonishingly bad tearjerker, a Fannie Hurst weepie with a gay twist, is as phony as a three-dollar bill and just about as entertaining.
Well-intentioned but heavy-handed.
The moment the movie loses its lighthearted spirit is the moment it loses touch with reality.
Ultimately, the film works because Schlesinger handles the comedy-to-drama transition with skill.
Madonna's charisma as a personality has never translated particularly well to the big screen.
Madonna never emerges as a plausible human being in the movie; she's more like a spokeswoman for a video on alternative parenting lifestyles.
She's awful. But to be fair, so is everything else about the movie.
A dismal film.
[Madonna], as usual, tries hard but seems manufactured.
Zero chemistry, zero tension, zero laughs, zero everything.
Get ready for preachy speeches about gay rights, endless scenes of Madonna and Everett cracking themselves up as they frolic in their airy digs, and a third act straight out of a really bad Lifetime movie.
A well-executed character study populated with substantial characters, excellent performances, and an understanding of tragic human nature.
[Madonna] can barely muster even the rudiments of human expression.
Dry dialogue, too many contrived situations and a frightfully wooden performance by Madonna.
The movie is a multi-genre mess: Half campy gay romp, a quarter weepy romance, a quarter courtroom drama. All of it is bad.
It's sort of like two baseball teams going out to the parking lot to play the ninth inning of a tied ballgame, then coming back onto the field to announce the score.
Heartfelt but lightweight and inconsistent.
The film starts out mildly interesting at best, before taking a very unexpected turn and spinning completely out of control.
It's almost impossible to believe that the director, John Schlesinger, was once the sure hand behind Midnight Cowboy. Did he do this one by telephone?
It means to speak to raw, complex emotions, but it looks so ridiculously glossy you can never suspend disbelief.
Madonna still cannot act.
Yet another film of missed opportunities in which provocative ideas are destroyed -- in this case, by either the lame writing of Thomas Ropelewski or the timid direction of John Schlesinger, or possibly both.
This movie remains full of high Hollywood cliches.
Besides the fact that this unfunny, treacly comedy treads some very familiar ground, it also makes a serious case that Madonna can't act.
A well-intended but confused serio-comedy that flakes out on its central characters.
There hasn't been a Hollywood 'message' movie as smug or cheesy as The Next Best Thing in quite a while.
It's so weirdly acted, shot, edited, directed, written and scored you can't believe it's happening -- though, on a gut level, it is enjoyable in the way that certain forms of masochism are enjoyable.
Two movies in one, and there's not enough breathing room for both of them.
Its creaky, all-consuming insistence on its characters' normalcy entombs everything interesting about them in contrived schlock and transparent gloss-over techniques.
The filmgoer seeking a more credible or profound exploration of the subject matter will be disappointed.
Buena muestra de que para ser un verdadero padre hace falta mucho más que una mera preferencia sexual
Thoroughly enjoyable!
Madonna's acting performance is not more or less than average.
Credible and compelling acting.
Madonna has presence and grace, but her lines come out as if they've been practiced too many times in front of the mirror (in a quasi-British accent, no less).
Its performances are appealing, and its heart's in the right place.
John Schlesinger can't get a credible performance out of Madonna, he wastes Lynn Redgrave and Ileana Douglas, and he fails to locate the charm that Everett brought to Wedding.
After the melodrama kicks in, the film turns disastrously sappy.
A tone-deaf disaster of the first order, poorly acted, written with no sense of shame, clumsily staged and shot, and riddled equally with cliches, embarrassments and shocking lapses in taste, judgment and craft.
It's a failure, but a well-done failure, and those are sometimes worth watching.
If you thought Madonna's singing was flat, wait until you see how listlessly she delivers her lines in this film.
Madonna has little charisma as a movie performer.
The best thing for Madonna would be to give up her pursuit of a film career.
Writer Thomas Ropelewski and director John Schlesinger build gradually toward the climax of the movie in an intelligent way.
Preposterous? Yes. Ridiculous? That, too.
Never fully engages the audience on an emotional level.
The filmmakers bend over so far backward to set up their climactic situation that they suck the life out of the characters.
The screenplay by Thomas Ropelewski is such a ridiculous hodgepodge of cliches with stale political correctness that Meryl Streep would have a difficult time making it work.
When one of an alleged romantic movie's principal actors is basically just reading lines, it doesn't do much for chemistry.
A dreary little journey that starts as a cutesy sitcom and nosedives into leaden soap opera.
Screenwriter Thomas Ropelewski appears to have taken a crash course in television soap operas and romance novels before sitting down to write.
None of this adds up to a good movie by conventional standards.
Its greatest liability, unfortunately, is Madonna.
Madonna's noticeably weak, strained and unconvincing.
Terminally slow-moving.
Never having decided whether it wants to be comedy or a sentimental hand-wringer, it tries to be both and winds up being neither.
A pleasing but mindless diversion that goes down well with buttered popcorn and a large Coke.
I wouldn't call what [Madonna] does acting; it's more like vogue posing.
Any room in that freezer for this inadequate, inauthentic, indigestible film?
The two leads have a wonderful chemistry together.
Delivers a pro-family message with a twist.
Schlesinger, a filmmaker of broad strokes, can't bring off the difficult transition from bantering comedy to tear-jerking melodrama.
A comedy that salutes friendship as a resilient and abiding bond that can carry people over troubled waters.
Best friends may make the best mistakes, but Madonna makes the absolute worst, at least in terms of her film career.
A depressing, lugubrious film experience.
The tenderness of the relationship is completely believable because of the easy and affectionate way Everett and Madonna play off of each other.

























@highlight

Story elements clash and acting falls short.