A cunningly crafted, slyly satirical, and deeply unsettling tale...
No one has ever inverted the European horror film with such wit, eloquence and purpose to challenge its audience. If you love this subgenre, you'll feel like BERBERIAN was made exclusively for you. I certainly know I did.
Director Peter Strickland makes us hear horror in a new way.
An intriguing and clever-sounding idea that unfortunately loses its way in the translation from script to screen.
Poses some compelling questions about the emotional and mental impact of making dark, violent, disturbing films.
Berberian Sound Studio follows Hitchcock's doctrine fully: what information audiences fill in with their imagination is always more horrifying than anything that can be filmed
If you're open to films that fearlessly twist the conventions, and that mine the language of sound and image for their own strange potential, you'll get a kick from this rivetingly inventive, abrasively un-British piece of nightmare cinema.
Berberian Sound Studio refuses such a climax: it at once celebrates giallo and takes it apart, disassembling it like Derren Brown explaining an illusion.
This twisty psychological horror yarn from writer/director Peter Strickland is the best kind, one that is open to many interpretations but can be enjoyed on its own creepy and insinuating surface.
While it's a loving homage to movies like Dario Argento's Suspiria and is crafted with tons of style, it leaves out one key ingredient: being even remotely scary.
A movie that may whisper dark secrets into your ears at night, when you're trying to forget it.
...stylishly creepy psycho-thriller that pays homage to the Italian horror scene of the '70s.
For much of British director Peter Strickland's Berberian Sound Studio, not much actually happens. But for the devoted cinephile, it's utterly entrancing.
Radishes, cabbages and melons meet horrific ends in Berberian Sound Studio, a down-the-earhole psychodrama where what you hear is more terrifying than what you see.
Ultimately, Berberian Sound Studio is just an exercise in meta -- a movie more about generating sensations than making sense -- but it's provocative and effective in the way it shows how a movie doesn't have to be "real" to be disturbing.
Berberian Sound Studio is a film for critics. General public -- come at your own risk.
Writer/director Peter Strickland intriguingly weaves into the story a movie-within-a-movie that we barely see, but we hear.
It messes with your head in ways that is impressive, but it also seems too abstract for its own good at times. Its unsettling atmosphere and strong performances make Berberian Sound Studio one of the more distinct psychological thrillers out there.
A sometimes interesting, sometimes head-scratching movie that pays homage to the old ways of the sound mixing world and to the "giallo" genre of horror that was prominent in Italy during the 1970s.
Regardless of what you call it, it's a highly accomplished, intelligent, and effective piece of work, perhaps the best genre film I've seen since The Innkeepers.
Fans of Dario Argento and Mario Bava films take notice.
[It] not only exploits one of cinema's most important modes, it also attempts something more difficult: turning a genre movie into a work of art.
"Berberian" fascinatingly lays bare the meticulous complexity of audio dubbing in the analog era.
A one-trick pony, but it's a reasonably cool trick.
It wasn't until the movie was over that I realized it had pulled off the neat trick of creeping me out without showing even a single drop of blood.
Don't rush your judgement. Once you let Berberian Sound Studio actually sink in, you'll realize just how beautiful Strickland's mind-melting experience actually is.
"Berberian Sound Studio" may be the finest tribute to the old-school cinematic craftsmanship of the sound mixer and Foley artist I've ever encountered.
Definitely a curiosity piece, but one gets the sneaking suspicion it wasn't also meant to be an inert one.
As IFC clearly realizes, Berberian Sound Studio is a niche item, but a niche item whose target audience should embrace it with a hearty Ciao, bella!
Horror fiends looking for cheap thrills may be disappointed. But those with a flair for the offbeat might find themselves unnerved and riveted.
Genre aficionados can enjoy the subversive and atmospheric quirks, while Strickland expertly juggles tone and dark humor in a compelling and suspenseful oddity.
It accomplishes the tricky task of paying homage to one type of scary movie while indulging in an entirely different style itself.
[It's] as if someone took all the raw footage from Argento's "Suspiria," and gave it to Antonioni to recut. But, in a way, the disjointed dreaminess of it is the point.
A clever, elliptical, slightly bizarre and altogether transfixing psychological thriller.
"Berberian Sound Studio" is spooky right up to the minute it turns stupid.
You might shuffle in your seat a little during the film, but like last year's other unnerving British surprise, Kill List...you come out of the theater on edge and off kilter, amazed at the craft displayed.
Mr. Strickland's movie becomes a bit of a vortex at the beginning, though its milieu is too engagingly recreated to dismiss.
Director Peter Strickland reaches for something more significant that he never quite finds, but by then you may be too entertained to care.
There's a lot to like here, although I will admit that it's a film I admire for its originality more than I actually enjoy.
Fans of Dario Argento and Mario Bava will appreciate the references. Even for newcomers, there are minor chords to enjoy. If only there were less screaming.
Manages to evoke the crimson-splashed shockers of the 1970s without so much as a single frame of actual carnage.
Much like this film's main character, you can't quite explain what's got you so afraid -- you just know that you are.
A lush, disturbing voyage into a gradual mental breakdown, artfully crafted by director Peter Strickland, who provides magnificent attention to detail and a fixation on an unsettling sense of decay.
A twisted tribute to analog moviemaking and 1970s Italian Giallo horror flicks.
Berberian Sound Studio may scan as a psychological thriller, but it's really a lavish gift to film geeks in a lovely matryoshka box.
The creepiness builds with symphonic precision until reality truly is indistinguishable from fantasy.
Mesmerizing, but the images stand alone and incomplete.
The second feature from Katalin Varga director Peter Strickland is an idiosyncratic, impeccably crafted mindbender that shifts between the beguiling and the bemusing.
On the surface an amusing black comedy that parodies the horror movie's continual status as the cultural black sheep of the cinematic landscape, but it's most prominently concerned with painting a sonic portrait of alienation.
Terror of sorts takes place inside a studio creating a schlock horror movie in a film that shows technical expertise with only a moderately involving narrative.
The first two acts are funny and fun in their moody evocation of both the period and the genre, but right around when Gilderoy starts to lose his mind, Berberian begins to lose its way.
Fantastic in the technical aspects of cinematography and especially sound-mixing. Toby Jones is as reliable as he always is and the movie never really bores you.
Watching Gilderoy behind the soundboard is like watching a maestro with his baton.
This is the proverbial curate's egg of a film: good in parts.
Low-key and suggestive, Berberian probably isn't for gorehounds, but it's a persuasive study of breakdown.
A treat for fans of vintage horror cinema (in particular, the experimental giallo genre) and vintage sound gear, this stylish, darkly humorous thriller locks us in a claustrophobic studio in 1970s Italy for a paranoia ride.
That keen awareness of aural matters also allows director Peter Strickland to convey the engineer's deteriorating hold on reality with genuine subtlety.
The narrative rule of thumb is show, don't tell, but this film does the opposite, to sinister effect.
Berberian Sound Studio is a masterfully made film that will please audio experts, cinephiles and horror fans.
I appreciated the caressing style of the cinematography, fetishizing and sexualizing even the most inanimate and mundane recording equipment and sound-related props, but it's overall hollow and unsatisfying.
By the last half hour the film has descended into a procession of totally un-scary and mostly boring random images.
Unfortunately, this film enters Lynchian territory (read: it makes zero sense) in the last act and in an act of cinematic proctology, it disappears up its own arse.
...almost seems like the result of a perverse Lars von Trier exercise: make a movie that's a tribute to a particular genre without showing any elements that are the actual hallmarks of it.
The movie Gilderoy's editing begins to feel more real than the one we're actually watching.
...even the most astute viewer will be hard pressed to explain what the heck is going on here...
While beautifully crafted, it's impossible to recommend this to anyone who hopes to have an entertaining movie-going experience.
It's rare for a movie to be so cool yet also be so disappointing.
A dazzling curio in which every sound effect reverberates with multiple meanings.
Peter Strickland's crafted the perfect metaphor for film spectatorship: essentially, how sound functions to augment the moving image, induce psychological effects and suture you into its immaterial world.
With such a range of vivid sights and sounds, the film is a stunning, often mesmerising experience
Puts a dent in the mind that is sure to keep people pondering until the end of days
The final third is nonsense and in danger of resembling a Monty Python sketch at one point.
A filmmaking puzzle that reveals the magic of movies to be something of a black art.
One of the movies of the year.
Nothing much happens and when it does (possibly in Gilderoy's head) it's completely bemusing.
Strickland disorients viewers with a sly meta-horror that reflects upon both the artifice that goes into genre films, and the uncomfortable reality that can underlie their vicious depiction of women... It's the giallo Lynch might have made.
For all the ghosts summoned up, Berberian Sound Studio still comes across like nothing else you've ever seen - or, more to the point, heard.
The fun of the film lies in the tricks of the trade used before the age of computers and digital effects and older viewers will feel a shiver of nostalgia at the sight of celluloid, magnetic tape and reel-to-reel recorders.
Some are hailing it as a masterpiece. I'd say it's a missed opportunity.
You never get to the point where you think this is it, or that the film has even truly begun. Not that you ever want things to end.
The estimable Jones does a very good job of conveying Gilderoy's mental disintegration, but as psychological thrillers go Berberian Sound Studio is more art house than giallo and probably won't unhinge too many viewers.
Anchored by a typically flawless performance by Jones, Strickland's second film begins as an audio geek's dream, before spiralling inexorably into the stuff of David Lynch's nightmares.
Psychedelic aesthetics, psychogenic fugues - it is the disorientating giallo Lynch might have made.
Utterly distinctive and all but unclassifiable, a musique concrète nightmare, a psycho-metaphysical implosion of anxiety, with strange-tasting traces of black comedy and movie-buff riffs. It is seriously weird and seriously good.
Brilliantly directed, cleverly written and beautifully designed drama that plays like a disturbing Lynchian loveletter to the art of horror filmmaking and features a terrific performance from Toby Jones.
Bold, brave and visionary filmmaking ...
A stupendous is-it-isn't-it horror film marked by a disarming audaciousness both technical and creative.
In this era of cookie-cutter cinema, Strickland's deeply personal moral and stylistic vision deserves the highest praise.
What Berberian Sound Studio accomplishes is a return to a more basic style of film-making than we've become accustomed to in recent years.
Crammed with detailed craft, its appeal is further widened by dealing in universal fears: homesickness, identity, mental health.
A delicately detailed immersion into the world of Z-grade Italian horror cinema that ultimately may or may not be a horror film itself ... a tense, teasing triumph.
An unshakeable tune, delivered by a director operating at rare pitch and purpose.
Both times I have seen it, its vision, ingenuity and sheer gobsmacking audacity have blown me ten feet out of my seat.
In just two films Strickland has established a striking, unusual voice; long may he continue to find opportunities to make this boundary-stretching, genre-fuddling work.

@highlight

Its reach may exceed its grasp, but with Berberian Sound Studio , director Peter Strickland assembles a suitably twisted, creepy tribute to the Italian Giallo horror movies of the '70s that benefits from a strong central performance by Toby Jones.