...skip this cute-but-unnecessary feature and just watch the seven-minute Oscar-winning short from 1938 instead.
Come for the bull and stay for the goat, but be prepared to get hit in the feels.
It has plenty of energy to keep kids chuckling, although grown-ups may find it rather uneven.
As a film, Ferdinand doesn't reinvent the wheel, but, like its titular character, it may be simplistic but it's also solid and very sweet.
Frequently buries the lovely tale under the hyperactive excesses required to stretch this to feature length.
Some hyper-energetic characters manage to inject some pizazz, and the action scenes are frantic enough to hold the attention of viewers of all ages.
'Ferdinand' is enjoyable - and that's no bull.
[A] nice animated adventure. [Full Review in Spanish]
I think it fails to create a truly profound impact, but it works as a fleeting and entertaining adventure. [Full Review in Spanish]
While the plot is quite basic, there are characters that are funny enough to sustain the movie. [Full review in Spanish]
While it may not be the most original animated movie ever, Ferdinand differentiates itself with an interesting message about animal cruelty.
The platonic ideal of a formulaic 2010s animated children's movie.
Conveys the spirit of the story...while providing new characters that bring humor and necessary relief. [Full Review in Spanish]
A too simplistic plot that detracts much sympathy from the characters. [Full Review in Spanish]
... continually lacks the value of its protagonist to innovate and surprise. [Full review in Spanish]
The film tells its story with well done animation... [Full review in Spanish]
The first feature-length version of Munro Leaf and Robert Lawson's much-loved more-than-80-year-old children's book, Ferdinand is an amiabull, entertaining romp for cinemagoers for all ages.
Surprisingly, an anti-bullfight subtext that, in Spain, will have some amazing resonance. [Full Review in Spanish]
Cute, Pixar-like, slightly overlong animated adventure about a non-violent, flower-loving, hippie-type bull who is compelled into the ring against his conscience.
Light, but lovely. John Cena and Kate McKinnon are great here. [Full review in Spanish]
Passable "Ferdinand" a sweet, timely fable.
Cena is excellent as a kind and gentle big boy who doesn't know his own strength.
The worst thing, without a doubt, is the designs' lack of aesthetic consistency... [Full review in Spanish]
As a feature film, "Ferdinand" remains afloat when it focuses on the virtues of the titular character. The rest feels like an experiment with unequal results. [Full review in Spanish]
Ferdinand provides the kind of be-yourself, make-love-not-war, antibullying messages kids probably need right now. But unfortunately, as adorable as its flower-crazy bovine hero may be, it doesn't do that with enough magic to get them to actually stick.
... nothing grabs you.
While this won't considered the best animated production of the coming holiday season, Ferdinand is a vibrant and engaging affair that doesn't forget the timeless message about aggression and bullying Leaf intended to impart.
Ferdinand has moments of genuine laughs, boasting both sustained comedy set pieces and jokes that are meant to keep the parents occupied.
The visual and verbal humour is cartoonish rather than clever and it recycles gags seen in far too many animated films, such as animals in a high-speed car chase.
Not that this Ferdinand was for me. It's too obnoxious, too self-involved, the hyperactive antics of pretty much every member of the supporting cast driving me bonkers.
It employs the usual kids' animation formulas, but does so in style.
Although it is unlikely to enter into the realm of animation classics, Ferdinand is sweet and well-intentioned.
Parents will be relieved to know that the story of the bull who would rather smell flowers than fight does eventually end happily (and politically correctly), even if we have to wait until a couple of minutes before the conclusion to be absolutely sure.
Isn't unpleasant, but it is episodic and protracted, burying the book's simple message in an avalanche of unrelated clutter.
While the silly, pointless mayhem will keep children giggling, it's the story's big heart that makes it worth seeing.
a lot of fun
Gently subversive ...
Aside from Ferdinand the Bull and Lupe the Goat, none of the characters offer much in the way of interest. They're filling gaps in the story until it reaches its inevitable conclusion.
... a heartfelt crowd-pleaser that's more visually than dramatically appealing.
With a lovely voice performance from Cena, the spirit of Ferdinand does shine through. But the rest of the story filler is mostly forgettable.
This is still going to have a hard time charming most silly season crowds because, again, it's all about the whole barbaric business of bullfighting - no matter how you try and sugarcoat it.
With the wealth of globalised entertainment available at all times now, Ferdinand simply does not have any distinctive qualities or the idiosyncratic depth to warrant an immediate watch.
Cena does an OK job in relating the warmth of the titled beast, which would rather smell flowers than pick suicidal fights with matadors (an occupation that gets some deserved comeuppance here).
Watch Ferdinand if you have a crying kid who watched the trailer and won't shut up about it. Better yet, drop them in the theatre while you figure out The Last Jedi really is in the one next to it.
Ferdinand may not measure up to the standards set by such recent animated blockbusters as Inside Out or Coco. Still, the beloved bedtime story provides sufficient entertainment for the young at heart.
It probably shouldn't be at the top of parents' priority lists if they're only taking the kids out to a couple of movies during the year.
John Cena brings kindness and calmness to Ferdinand, the animated adaptation of the classic children's novel about a bull that would rather smell flowers than charge matadors.
Sweet story about compassion, nonviolence has a few scares.
"Ferdinand" goes on and on, and the further it gets away from the source material, the more tedious it becomes, delivering filler for family audiences, not kid lit enchantment.
Saldanha knows children will eventually have to make the same difficult choices their parents have. It's an achievement that he has delightfully managed to address that fact with the help of a gentle, friendly bull.
"Ferdinand's" message of peace and friendship makes it a perfect holiday movie, even though there's not a snowman or Santa in sight.
John Cena does a great voice job and although the best supporting characters are the snooty German dancing horses, it's Kate McKinnon's stupid goat that really brings this to life.
For a gorgeous sequence in a china shop alone, Ferdinand is a family film worth seeing.
Ferdinand is sweet and amusing ...
Ferdinand is not going to be the next Frozen or Lion King or even the fourth or fifth Ice Age movie, but there's a reason the story is still being told some 81 years after it was first published.
The pacifist bovine remains a lovable character, the movie's running time indicates the difficulty of bringing such a simple story to life: There's a certain amount of hormone-fed expansion involved in making a feature out of all this.
Ferdinand is an adorable animated film that sends the important message of accepting everyone for who they are.
At its heart, this is a simple story ... but it's obvious that the filmmakers aren't content with simple.
...it shows both a surprising depth and some inventive zaniness, which proves to be an entertaining combination.
Bland, unenthusiastic, with no cultural flavor. It might as well be set in Omaha.
McKinnon's goat character is in constant and hilarious conversation with her many selves but the awkward handling of the slaughterhouse issue will upset some kids.
... a movie of both substance and silliness. Olés all round.
The lurching rhythms of Ferdinand make a clean story feel ungainly and episodic ...
Ferdinand is top-notch on a technical level and lovely to look at. Meanwhile, its underlying message of believing in oneself and one's own nature -- and getting the respect of others in the process -- is eloquently stated.
Brazilian director Carlos Saldanha transforms Munro Leaf's 1936 children's book into a free-wheeling and fun adventure story that will delight and amuse.
Ferdinand is a fun film that doesn't just put a smile on your face, it also has a message - you don't have to do things just because others expect you to.
If you'll excuse the metaphor, it feels like 10 pounds of bull in a five-pound bag.
Quite entertaining and enjoyable. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Scenes, etc. - also Available)
Ferdinand doesn't really do justice to its evergreen and far less cluttered source material.
Ferdinand is a load of old bull, in a good way.
I certainly wasn't expecting this to be the second film this year to feature a little girl's oversized cuddly best friend suffering a terrifying ordeal in a slaughterhouse.
A mostly pleasant surprise in a year that has produced a lack of stellar animated outings.
The movie is bright and peppy enough to hold young viewers' attention, though a faithful 1938 Walt Disney short showed more inventiveness in eight minutes.
The big job of the feature is to add 101 minutes to the eight-minute classic - which Ferdinand does with chases, a surfeit of characters and amusing set pieces (think bull in a china shop).
While the story is slightly predictable -- and an escape scene at the abbatoir may remind older viewers of Chicken Run -- there are some funny and sweet moments.
In the title role, wrestler-turned-actor John Cena gives Ferdinand just the right balance of sweetness and strength. He becomes the wholly convincing center of the parable.
Nothing mould-breaking, but unassumingly enjoyable.
The jokes are mostly painful, the voice work is perfunctory and the story's themes are muddled.
Ferdinand buries the original story's message under frenetic action scenes and grating sidekicks, turning a classic tale into just another flat animated comedy.
The good news is that while the movie is susceptible to some pandering, it also takes the story's charming core elements and gives them a contemporary luster.
Bookended by a charming beginning and ending, Ferdinand loses its way through the middle stretch quickly becoming the type of animated feature every critic dreads watching and writing about.
The quality isn't up to Pixar standards, but Ferdinand does hit the sweet spot as far as its target audience is concerned. You know: for kids.
And there's so much charm (a bull-in-a-china-shop scene is an instant classic) that this family treat will put a smile on your face, a tear in your eye and an extra bada-boom in your heart.
Frenetically eventful and usually fun.
Faced with familiar story tropes and lowest-common-denominator bids for attention, anyone over the target demographic might ask themselves a multitude of questions as the mind inevitably wanders.
But what really stands out are the themes of friendship, problem solving and learning to be true to yourself. Ferdinand does not back down to his bullies and stands firm in his beliefs.
Ferdinand's feel-good resolution is sure to get the tick of approval from the RSPCA. (Although vegan activists might reasonably take issue with the bull's domestic situation.)
With a funny set of side characters and a lovably kindhearted lead, Ferdinand finds a way to promote being kind to others without becoming an afterschool special. Granted, it doesn't ever go out of its way to be very unique or surprising.
As the titular character, John Cena is pretty perfect. He's taken a page from Dwayne Johnson, in the way he totally subverts people's impressions of him by playing a softie - in the mold of the greatest of them all - Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The ages and sizes of the animals are calculated to appeal across the demographic spectrum, from the smallest child to just before they become tragically hip, and too grown-up for kids' stuff.
There are some good jokes - "I'll bet his parents aren't even related," one snooty horse scoffs at Ferdinand - and thoughts about animal sentience buried in a family caper that makes great use of Madrid landmarks in the final showdown.
Still, for all its problems, this is a film with world-class animation, revealing everything from astonishingly rich crowd scenes to rusty details on an old pail.
Most important, "Ferdinand's" anti-bullying message is an important lesson kids of all ages need to see - again, and again.
We are encouraged not to think too hard about what the matador really does with his sword and to enjoy the good natured high jinks the film provides instead.
Any potential subtext of Munro Leaf's children's book has been bleached out in the marketplace-oriented Ferdinand.
A kids' cartoon that "takes a knee" on the "sport" of bullfighting.
The jolly tale of a peace-loving bull who prefers sniffing roses to snorting in the ring.
The film tries to deliver a message about pacifism and being yourself to young kids, but the message it really delivers is that violence is OK as long as you have an excuse.
Ferdinand is a family-friendly heart-warmer that wins you over in spite of its flaws.
Goofy, charming, faithful to its sweet source material, and all while advancing the standard 'Be yourself' message with fresh challenges to gender expectations.
While only McDonald's junkies could fail to warm to Ferdinand himself, the story around him could have used more finesse.
Inoffensive fun, but unlike its paperback forbear, the cinematic Ferdinand is unlikely to stand the test of time.
If you can get through the excess of characters, and the requisite butt jokes, car chase and tween pop songs, the film does keep both the physical and the verbal comedy coming at a steady pace.
In what's been an underwhelming year for big-studio animation, it's the best of the bunch: sincere, likable, surprisingly funny, and overall true to its source material.
It's no Coco, but Ferdinand... manages to squeak by with enough charming set-pieces and amusing sight gags to compensate for a stalling storyline.
This sweet-natured animation is a wisp of a thing. That's not to say it doesn't pack plenty of charm.

@highlight

Ferdinand 's colorful update on a classic tale doesn't go anywhere unexpected, but its timeless themes -- and John Cena's engaging voice work in the title role -- make for family-friendly fun.