Formosa Betrayed works better as a history lesson than as a political thriller.
...a hopelessly uninvolving and thoroughly routine piece of work from start to finish...
Worth a look for the history lesson. Just remember it is a history lesson.
The sturdy political thriller Formosa Betrayed is laudable for adding the voice of native Formosans to the usual two-sided debate that reaches the American media.
It's a passionate labor of love that pointedly criticizes the U.S. government's failure to recognize Taiwan as a sovereign nation, independent of mainland China.
Formosa Betrayed is a history lesson dressed up as an action movie. The lesson is pretty interesting; the movie is just the far-fetched plot it hangs on.
As thrillers go, this one is lacking in edge-of-the-seat moments. It just never ignites.
A movie that shows us the desperation and danger of living under martial law in Taiwan during the early '80s, yet somehow never delivers the emotional gut punch the subject matter deserves.
Formosa Betrayed, a ho-hum college history lecture about modern Taiwan awkwardly disguised as a political thriller, has its heart almost in the right place.
In general, the pacing of the action is sluggish. Moreover, stylistic flourishes are distracting rather than enhancing.
When you hear dialogue like: "So, what do you know about the history of my country?" you know you're in for a whole lot of exposition
Actor/co-screenwriter/producer Will Tiao's heartfelt agitprop history-lesson about Taiwan is a tightly wound thriller that takes no prisoners.
Obviously heartfelt but somewhat stilted and disjointed.
Formosa Betrayed begins rather awkwardly, but ends by making a statement that explains a great many things.
A riveting thriller offering an array of history lessons and teachable moments about freedom.
Only viewers wondering if James Van Der Beek has finally outgrown "Dawson's Creek" will be at all satisfied by this dreadful police procedural that contains good history lessons and bad TV-cop-show drama.
This is a lot of Graham Greene hugger-mugger, the tale of a rube who believes that he can do good abroad.
As a political thriller, Formosa Betrayed has enough suspense and intrigue to pull viewers along willingly. It doesn't try too hard, which is refreshing.
A mostly pedestrian political thriller whose basis in true events adds little to the film's excitement or entertainment value.
The movie is a sturdy entry in the paranoid-thriller genre, and raises some interesting issues about our relationship with the country we used to call China.
This is an unabashedly pro-democracy message movie. Judged strictly as drama, it's pretty routine.
Mostly, Formosa Betrayed seems a tedious excuse for lengthy tirades against Chiang Kai-shek delivered by the film's producer and co-writer, Will Tiao, who less than convincingly plays a Taiwanese activist.
The film is partly a tutorial on the tense relations among Taiwan (the island of Formosa), the Chinese mainland and the United States, and partly a clumsy cloak-and-dagger political thriller.
Directed with skill and precision, Formosa Betrayed never feels like a heavy handed history lesson
A clumsy political thriller whose only purpose is to remind the willfully ignorant that all was not rosy during the Reagan years.
Sometimes stilted procedural cuts to the chase to deliver a haunting history lesson.
All the heartfelt references to the 228 Massacre and the White Terror don't make this any more thrilling than a Wikipedia entry.
Neither the investigation nor the suspense (hobbled by editorializing) have much impact; the movie, necessarily shot in Thailand, plays like secret-history tourism.
While it is captivating stylistically, and the primer on the China/Taiwan relationship is great fodder for political geeks, even in its deepest moments of intrigue and pathos this is a cable TV movie at best.

@highlight

Though the real-life drama it was inspired by could certainly form the basis for a worthwhile political action thriller, Formosa Betrayed isn't it.