An utterly gaseous film
A beautifully flawed experiment, "The Good German" is an entertaining if unbalanced war drama that places modern cinema mores on a classic style of American film when the Hayes code would never have allowed such overt sexual reality.
The Good German is the bad movie. Except for the ambience -- the look of the film -- it stumbles awkwardly on every level.
No matter that it's based on a book, the movie is more about how the reality of the time was seen through the lens of a Michael Curtiz while he was filming "Casablanca".
The final verdict on this movie is that for all its attempts to replicate the great movies of the 1940s, it fails miserably.
While admirable as an example of directorial innovation and homage, The Good German fails to connect on a basic emotional level.
A homage to the romantic noir mysteries of the 1940s, a tribute that tries hard but, alas, misses the mark.
Flat noir homage.
Buddies Steven Soderbergh and George Clooney started out so well. But The Good German is so painful that their recent decision to go their separate ways really merits a gospel choir.
It's Soderbergh's commitment and creativity that lift The Good German above many of its peers, no matter the era.
It's an achievement so hermetic it hardly bothers to be a movie.
It's "The Good German," but not "The Great German."
While the title raises the question of whether it is possible to escape atrocity without somehow being complicit with those committing them ... Soderbergh seems infinitely more interested in making an anachronism than a timeless film.
Why emphasise flaws in a film of such overall ambition and expertise?
[The Good German is] technically astonishing and Blanchett is excellent, but the script is dull and the confusing plot fails to engage.
This should have been Soderbergh gold. Instead it is mostly unengaging and dull, proof positive that they don't make them like they used to.
A film that feels more like a cinematographer's showreel than an involving drama: flashy, but heartless.
The lot of it is pseudonoir.
Modern sensibilities crash against period style...
Steven Soderbergh massages his fond memories of the golden (if sometimes black and white) days of movies with a noirish sensibility.
One of the most artistically daring movies of 2006.
There's not much beyond self-conscious mise-en-scènes and a lead actor who isn't mysterious or magnetic as much as he's simply aloof.
The failing ... is it takes itself dead-on seriously. Frankly, it would be easier to think of this (lifting the finale from 'Casablanca') and other sequences...as comedic.
A rewarding exercise in formalism.
You can ignore the behind-the-scenes technicalities and enjoy the movie on face value: as a moderately entertaining nod to 'Casablanca.'
A cold movie that sacrifices so-called 'heart' to achieve a primarily technical effect -- an appropriate strategy for a story about death camp inmates enslaved to produce rockets for the Nazis.
Achtung: Can you say 'It's Berlin, Jake' in German?
This cast almost makes The Good German watchable. It's just that their screenwriter and director don't do them any favors.
The result is a harshly lighted, high-contrast monochrome that illuminates the war-torn rubble with grace and poetry while allowing motives to stay hidden in the shadows.
There's a line between homage and mimicry, and Soderbergh has crossed it.
You might be tempted to classify it as an interesting failure, but all the crudities and the snail's pace make it hard to get through.
We get no heroes, not even flawed ones. Clooney, our marquee man, chases through numbing plot contortions only because of his lust for Lena. By the time The Good German ended, I had barely a clue if the good ones had lived or died.
You can't invoke Casablanca and all these other classic[s]...without great dialogue, and this movie has almost none of it.
Inasmuch as a self-consuming experiment can succeed, it succeeds.
While the movie has style to die for, its attempt to integrate contemporary dramatic elements -- including profanity and fairly explicit sex -- into old-fashioned filmmaking is only spottily successful.
If German is cynical about its characters' motives, it is not cynical about the movie's ability to make us think and feel.
You may notice that Soderbergh, for all his intelligence, hasn't gotten beneath the surface of his stock figures, into the lived experience that might underlie them.
Clooney and Blanchett are good together. Maguire seems miscast. But mainly The Good German just isn't a particularly gripping story.
Soderbergh is to be commended for being able to revive the feelings associated with classic cinema through imagery and casting, but The Good German will not find itself as revered in the long run.
Last year's 'Good Night, and Good Luck' was a great film. 'The Good German' is beautifully filmed, yet not so great.
The movie is heavy on style but light on entertainment value.
If The Third Man could create a bleak world without characters spewing obscenities, The Good German also could have managed it.
The Good German is a movie wonk's triumph and no one else's. Soderbergh gets the visuals right but not the clean storytelling line of classic cinema, nor the iconic characters or moral certainty of the oldies.
I have to admire an ostensibly nostalgic entertainment that so concertedly undermines the romanticism of wartime Hollywood.
The photography is so beautiful, and the actors make brave choices, and Soderbergh's homage to the films he so obviously loves is done with such grace and passion -- so there's just enough that works to outweigh the major plot concerns.
It works, as homage to a particular time and place in film history, and as a knowing revision that brings Hollywood's subtext of '40s postwar corruption to the surface. The Good German isn't so much an imitation as a crafty modernization.
There isn't a moment in this self-conscious, uninvolving movie when you aren't aware you are watching an experiment, which might make a good lesson for film school students on what not to do.
The Good German doesn't look like a period movie, and it doesn't feel like one. The black-and-white images are thin and garish, with blinding whites that destroy whatever Soderbergh is trying to do with shadow and contrast.
The crucial key elements that every vintage Warners film had as a matter of course are lacking here. The story isn't gripping or even coherent. There is no real romance. There's mystery, but only in a plot sense -- i.e., what's going on?
The trouble is the movie never really seems to go anywhere. Too many scenes have a feeling of irresolution; they just sort of go on for a while, then disappear.
Interesting to watch, up to a point. The Good German gets lost amidst its references; it doesn't stand by itself but is held up by the films that inspired it.
Stick with the videos of the real thing, and wait for "Ocean's 13."
A history-based, murder-mystery war-yarn that goes round and round in circles.
Soderbergh's attempt to re-create a 40s film noir might not be for all tastes but Paul Attanasio's script keeps the story engaging long enough.
Everything about The Good German seems a few degrees off, as if the new map of Europe has somehow altered the latitudes along with attitudes.
I just wish I would have cared about the people walking around in this world as much as I marveled at the spectacle assembled to put them there.
The Good German is a mechanical movie, pushing forth in a way it believes appropriate rather than finding a natural flow.
If it weren't for a singular, gripping performance by Cate Blanchett, The Good German might as well have been titled The Incredibly Boring German.
The Good German suggests that they can still make 'em like they used to, but also reminds us that there's more to a good movie than good looks.
Still-relevant political observation...[and] a nifty mystery that's a bit too self-conscious for its own good.
There's nothing going for the movie, really, except its ambition -- its heavily marred, totally unrealized ambition.
Much like a horror movie clone, The Good German looks like Casablanca, but seems to be missing something fundamental underneath it all, that will eventually lead to its horrible destruction.
It should have been wonderful -- a delicious tribute to classic Hollywood -- but it simply doesn't come off.
Of The Good German, it can be said that the operation was a brilliant success, even if the patient is not merely dead but most sincerely dead.
The Good German plays like Soderbergh's doctoral thesis for film school. But look past the honkingly loud geek factor, and it still works.
The Good German is a self-serving act of fetishistic virtual embalming, with all the liveliness that description implies.
The Good German cannibalizes the cool, cynical look of those great old movies, but it's too spiritually vacant to duplicate their soul.
A most peculiar and unsatisfying film.
Soderbergh wants us to see post-War Berlin as, in its way, another Chinatown a la Roman Polanski.
Soderbergh is out to dispel the phrase, 'They don't make 'em like they used to,' and he mostly succeeds.
Tully is the ugly American galumphing through Europe, grasping, insecure, and cocky all at once.
...a visual treat for classic movie buffs. Every lovingly misprinted optical dissolve and abrupt cut to stock footage left me squealing with delight. But is the movie itself any good? Sadly, no.
The story isn't as good as the production, but this is still a movie worth watching and watching on the big screen.
It's experimental, so conduct an experiment of your own: go see the film, and when you wake up at the end, try to remember if you dreamed in black-and-white or in color.
Casablanca is so explicit a reference in the movie's finale that it drew nervous giggles from the film-savvy audience with which I saw the movie.
A lot of style. Not so much with the plot.
The Good German is...equally infused with knowing sophistication and a surprising amount of depth.
Who says they don't make 'em like they used to?
Homages don't get much more homagey...but if you love its models, and the sheer artificiality of the effort doesn't bother you, you should have a good time.
An interesting stunt rather than a successful film.
I still admire the risks that Soderbergh and his collaborators have taken, but by their nature risks don't always pay off.
The Good German is a fascinating experiment and in many ways improves upon the era of filmmaking it recreates.
The Naztso Good German.
I hold Soderbergh in high esteem, but as handsome a technical achievement as it is, The Good German plays to me as a failed experiment.
The Good German is counterfeit coin in search of easy marks.
Soderbergh's film is no more cynical or world-weary than its inspirations, and in the end, it feels like a clever trick wrapped around a hollow center.
With The Good German, Soderbergh -- generally a terrific and creative filmmaker -- apes a style, and a way of seeing, that he clearly doesn't understand. It feels like a hit to the stomach.
What should be a ripping good yarn, powered by high voltage stars, instead comes across as another of the director's audacious but unsuccessful experiments -- a cinematic curio where form takes unfortunate precedence over narrative.
The Good German is Steven Soderbergh's game attempt to reinvigorate the dense intrigue of classic wartime thrillers like The Third Man with a contemporary, neo-noir edge.
The movie's aesthetic is divorced from its sensibility.
The film plays like a pastiche of Casablanca, The Third Man and Billy Wilder's "A Foreign Affair," though it is far more explicit about violence and sex than was ever dreamed of in films of the era.
If you feel anything other than admiration for its craftsmanship, let me know; The Good German is as emotionally cold and unconvincing as any movie I've seen this year.
In a few quick strokes, Soderbergh and screenwriter Paul Attanasio (working from a novel by Joseph Kanon) sketch a convincing scenario in which it is technically not possible for the good guys to win a war because good guys don't fight them.
The Good German isn't very good. Even if you give it points for sheer cussed weirdness. Which it has aplenty. And which contributes more problems to the project than its worth.
It never transcends being a mere homage. Fun to watch for film geeks though.
A classic noir film demands a classic noir story, and Paul Attanasio's screenplay (based on the Joseph Kanon novel) just isn't up to the dark mark.
They don't make 'em like they used to, and The Good German is a very good reason why.
Ambitious but sorely disappointing.
Technically amazing, but not engaging enough to recommend as theater viewing unless you're an arthouse freak.
To say the movie is merely 'boring' doesn't seem fitting or epic enough of a word to describe what an excruciating endurance test its 108-minute running time is.
Soderbergh has been having a helluva time matching his ambition with quality lately
With so much going on, the dialog tends toward speechifying...
...a fascinating exercise for cineastes, but it doesn't have a leg of its own to stand on.
The Good German is an easy movie to admire... but within all that style there's nothing to love. It's a hollow movie.
Technically, it's a marvel, but as a soulful viewing experience, it's a muddle.
...the almost total lack of character development ensures that the novelty wears off all too quickly.
Noirs this good don't come along every day, or even every year.
Although Soderbergh's old-fashioned film noir style works well in 'The Good German,' the characters and story fail to grab us.
Technically stunning but narratively and thematically hollow.
Mr. Soderbergh seems to have done everything within his power to keep the audience at arm's length.
If Stalin had walked around the corner and given George Clooney a high five, I wouldn't have been the least bit surprised.
Steven Soderbergh attempts to resurrect the magic of classical Hollywood, principally by sucking out all the air, energy and pleasure from his own filmmaking.
The Good German is a prime example of a movie made by highly skilled and intelligent filmmakers that nevertheless seems misguided from the get-go.
More of a film-school exercise than a satisfactory cinematic experience, it's stylishly self-conscious, a stilted artifice, a mildly engrossing melodrama.
A few of Soderbergh's movies have foundered on a similar ironic detachment. The singular exception, Out of Sight, floated along on sexual electricity and warm movie love, but The Good German feels passionless, throttled by technique.
Soderbergh shoots the picture using only equipment and standards available in the mid-40s. If that's not the kind of thing that puts wind in your sail, then move along.
If you can manage to reset your internal clock to the '40s, you might find enjoyment here; but that's a pretty big if.
Will prove more compelling as a technical study for Film Studies majors than as an entertainment for a general audience.
t's no secret that Steven Soderbergh is in love with film noir thrillers of the 1940s, but to use that style with "The Good German" proves a disservice to both the craftsmen of 60 years ago and Joseph Kanon, whose novel the film is based on.
It's hard to feel for the characters' fate when you're counting the ways in which The Good German rips off Casablanca.
On the meta level, Soderbergh has re-created not only the kind of story told in the 1940s, but the kind of technical production Hollywood gloried in more than half a century ago, too.
Where is Major Clark Gable now that we need him?
The Good German, Steven Soderbergh's film noir homage, is nearly perfect when it comes to style and tone, but it concentrates so single-mindedly on the mechanics of the narrative that it loses sight of its characters.
A bit jarring in its precision to capture the look and feel of '40s-'50s era movies ... but it succeeds on other levels.
The Good German is seriously deficient in the stars' star power and narrative excitement. The movie is lovingly framed, carefully lit, and fatally insipid.
It's a close call about which is worse, the acting of Blanchett and Clooney, the directing of Soderbergh, the writing of Attanasio, or the cinematography of Andrews.
Soderbergh, screenwriter Paul Attanasio and their colleagues get much of the mood and atmosphere down, but they fail -- or chose not to try -- to emulate the sense of wily playfulness that made old film-noir characters so rich and engaging.
Soderbergh's skill, intelligence and love for the genre are never in doubt. But, as it turns out, you can't play it again, Sam.
The result is a movie that is never quite amusing but never quite mordantly thought provoking either.
Steven Soderbergh is usually an inspired chameleon, perfectly suiting his style to his content. But The Good German is an ambitious miss.
[Soderbergh] has such a gusto for movie history that he all but forgets that the films to which he pays homage were not themselves exercises in pure style.
I tousle the hair of The Good German, pat it on the butt, and tell it to eat its vegetables so one day it may grow up into a real Motion Picture.
Steven Soderbergh recreates the style of a wartime noir thriller so perfectly that this film feels almost stilted and quaint by today's standards.
The music and story are lousy. I'm calling for a Clooney-Soderbergh divorce.
A murder mystery, a love story, and a glimpse of the beginning of conflict between the United States and Russia following the defeat of Germany in World War II.
It also allows Soderbergh and writer Paul Attanasio, in a smart, well-paced adaptation, to explore a moral complexity that never found its way into movies of that era.
Merits attention for its throwback to forties noir but hasa convoluted plot.
A failed attempt at film noir from Soderbergh, a pastiche made of old movie parts that don't fit, trying to bring back the style, glory and pleasure of old studio fare like Casablanca, The Third Man, and Foreign Affair
The Good German has little of the luster, sheen and pictorial nuance of a top-flight Hollywood picture of the old school.
It's a political tale with no significant contemporary reverberations, a turgid espionage-tinged romance with no soul, and a play-it-again aesthetic showpiece without a point.
This is Soderbergh's show, and a haunting and hypnotic show it is.
50's stylishness through every bombed out alleyway, military office and underground hiding place. Blanchett is deliciously femme fatale, down to her black market stockings.








@highlight

Though Steven Soderbergh succeeds in emulating the glossy look of 1940s noirs, The Good German ultimately ends up as a self-conscious exercise in style that forgets to develop compelling characters.