In the post-movie star age, (Cruise) is, with apologies to a certain Austrian bodybuilder whose drawing power is all but terminated, the last action hero
It's an interesting comparison [to Bond], particularly as Rogue Nation, perhaps more than any other M:I film, points up differences between the two spies that go far beyond accents.
Rogue Nation reduces the already terrifyingly simplistic American agent Ethan Hunt to his own most basic element, a pair of endlessly running legs.
...pure, relentless action. It's fun without being dumb, full of punches and kicks and explosions that never wear out their welcome. [Full review in Spanish]
Mission: Impossible doesn't give bread, but offers a good circus. [Full review in Spanish]
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to go see the best movie of the summer.
Gripping, suspenseful and incredibly thrilling, this delivers more than we could ever ask for from a film in its genre, but also from popcorn entertainment in general.
For a film franchise a year off its third decade, it is very good; almost hitting the heights of MI:3.
Seriously, there's enough switcheroo hocus-pocus so slickly executed that it might be hard for James Bond to top it later this year.
At 53, Cruise is no spring chicken, but he's still pushing for more thrills and we bet there will be more missions for him yet.
With Tom Cruise the actor, we see this trust placed in the audience to recognize the effort he places in each scene.
What does set Rogue Nation apart, beyond the dependable presence of Cruise, is the humorous subtext - best displayed by Simon Pegg, as funny here as he is in J.J. Abrams' reboot of Star Trek.
In the beginning you'll think something is missing from Mission: Impossible-Rogue Nation. Excitement. Audacity. Edge. Visual splendor. Be patient. In it's own way, this action/thriller eventually gets the job done.
Whether a follower of the series from the start, or just hopping aboard, it's hard not to get a kick out of Rogue Nation.
Rogue Nation's secret weapon is Anglo/Swedish actress Rebecca Ferguson, who has more star quality than any Bond girl I've ever seen and reminded me at times of a young Romy Schneider.
There's a kind of soldierly camaraderie among the agents, who constantly find themselves betrayed by politicians, military officers, and even their own commanders, and they band together to save the each other along with saving the world as we know it.
Christopher McQuarrie's latest proves he's one of the best filmmakers working today.
Tom Cruise is 53. I repeat: Tom Cruise is 53.
If Jason Bourne is our most brooding spy and James Bond is our suavest, then IMF agent Ethan Hunt is our most intense, the one most willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. Sound like anyone we know?
As mentioned, Cruise has always been an underrated actor due to pretty-boy looks, but his ever-so-slightly supernormal energy and intensity make him perfect for what has now become his signature movie role.
First-rate popcorn, a meticulously devised and elegantly executed spy movie that manages to thrill with its stunts, jangle with its set pieces, land a laugh or two, and not insult our intelligence
McQuarrie, best known for writing the script for the acclaimed thriller The Usual Suspects, keeps the story moving along, though there is a whiff of familiarity about the proceedings.
As good as this franchise gets.
[A] mostly dialogue-free, opera-set sequence is a thing of blunt-force beauty, choreographed, executed, and shot as well as any fight scene ever.
The action scenes are plentiful, with a colourful globetrotting story that bounces from Minsk to Vienna to Casablanca to London.
A solid summer blockbuster.
As brisk as a Mission: Impossible movie has ever been.
Sure, you'll lose count of the "well, that's not very realistic" moments, but that's never mattered in a Mission: Impossible film and it certainly doesn't in this one.
Exciting, intelligent and well filmed. [Full review in Spanish]
Tightly paced, ambitiously conceived, superbly executed, and greatly enriched by the instincts and wits of its producer-star [Tom] Cruise.
Perhaps it's a shade lighter on the mind-warping trickery-within-chicanery effects seen in previous Missions, but on the other hand the interplay between the characters achieves a lightness of touch rare in your average blockbuster.
Could there be a more surprisingly pleasing spy franchise than this action adventure series? It doesn't allow James Bond or Jason Bourne to take all the accolades.
Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation lives up to the franchise name, presenting us with a successful outcome to the seemingly impossible mission of producing a truly excellent summertime action flick.
This is an entertaining action blockbuster that shows no sign of franchise fatigue and has a genuine sense of fun.
With Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation, we're getting the best Bond movie since Casino Royale in 2006.
[Rogue Nation] could be the best Mission Impossible film.
Ultimately, it's another utterly gripping entry into a franchise that has really found its feet... dangling from the outside of a plane.
Rogue Nation is terrific fun, the best action movie of the summer without Mad Max in the title. It's also, arguably, the best Mission: Impossible movie, impressive for the fifth installment in any movie series.
There was probably more spectacular action in the last film but this one is just as much fun and could feasibly make a star of 31-year-old Ferguson, who steals scenes while everyone else is trying to steal memory sticks.
Thankfully, watching [Tom Cruise] do all of this is still great fun.
No one should come to a Mission: Impossible movie for anything but those set pieces, and director Christopher McQuarrie delivers some rich ones this time around, with strong assistance from cinematographer Robert Elswit.
Tom Cruise lends the character an intensity and bug eyed gutsiness that make him a hero you want to root for...
In Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation, the obvious comfort level between star and director pays off nicely.
Taking in luxurious locations, scintillating set pieces and nail-biting tension, Rogue Nation maintains the Mission form guide -- and leaves you wondering what other methods of near-death risk-taking Cruise has left up his sleeve.
If you can stomach every unbelievable conceit that comes standard in a spy/thriller/action picture, then Rogue Nation is a pretty good time.
It's sort of a combination of the Bourne films, James Bond, and a Road Runner short.
While the latest vehicle for Tom Cruise is taut and fast-paced, the spectacle too often trumps the substance.
How is the franchise still this much fun?
More impressive than the airplaine stunt is a beautifully choreographed and assembled cat-and-mouse game of assassins at the Vienna opera, which demonstrates that cunning filmmaking is the one 'special effect' that resists being superseded by CGI.
The clumsy technical skill and James Bond promotion were trumped by the actors. They were doing their best every minute and, in the final analysis, made it fun.
Writer-director Christopher McQuarrie brings a dark and gritty tone to this larger-than-life franchise.
Chistpher McQuarrie has built an exciting and entertaining film full of action: mission accomplished. [Full review in Spanish]
With the will-they-or-won't-they tension, the densely plotted conflicts that rarely give you time to think, and the fact that everyone on all sides has a reason to stop Hunt, this is a satisfying Hollywood actioner that keeps you guessing.
Your mission, if you choose to accept it, is to go out and have some mindless, escapist fun.
The Mission: Impossible series finally runs out of steam with this overlong and often superfluous entry...
Abandoning all burden of creating a bogged-down story that concentrates on narrative and character history, Rogue Nation is able to truly wow in several fleeting scenes of espionage and huzzah moments.
Rogue Nation is a blockbuster that expertly combines exhilarating visual thrills with the kind of intricate storyline that requires viewers to pay attention. It also treads a nice line between the drama and the humour.
Exibe um fôlego tão surpreendente quanto o de seu formidável protagonista.
The characters never really flesh out but the story is good enough to keep you interested. [Full review in Spanish]
The introduction of British agent Ilsa Faust (Rebecca Ferguson) to the mix suggests that this may be one of the only ongoing spy concerns that actually know how to use female characters.
Observe the vertical splendour of Cruise's gait: nobody in Tinseltown can run quite like Tom, for whom executive producing a long-running, retro espionage TV show proved a very healthy investment.
I did find Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation reasonably diverting, and the ending even managed to build up a fair share of tension (though why I should have doubted that Cruise's awesomeness would prevail, I don't know).
There's more ironic humour, a little less cheese and an attempt to make the action seem more authentic, so that now star Tom Cruise occasionally looks in real(ish) danger.
The 52-year-old Cruise doesn't look ridiculous at any point, which in itself is ridiculous.
Is too much self-awareness creeping into the franchise? Stunts, intrigue, spy stuff, all here...just a matter of whether or not you enjoy watching Tom Cruise do what he does.
A globe-trotting spy thriller with the brisk pace and the visual wit of a Looney Tunes cartoon.
Should you choose to accept this Mission... be prepared for one helluva roller-coaster ride.
Christopher McQuarrie steps in with a thriller that mixes old-fashioned spy movie tropes with state-of-the-art action beats and a rich helping of wit.
Rogue Nation's opening scene is as thrilling as anything we've seen from those "Furious" films. And your brain won't hurt minutes later.
The characters in the film are boring action figurines, short on characterisation and humanity.
We get an idea of the kind of limits Tom Cruise will go to, in order to entertain his fans, almost as soon as the movie begins.
Tom Cruise is the engine that powers Mission Impossible franchise and nowhere is it more pronounced than in the first 10 minutes of Rogue Nation.
Rogue Nation is a 131-minute roller-coaster ride that slows down long enough for you to catch your breath before jettisoning you into another gasping round of action and adventure.
[VIDEO ESSAY] It's an old law of screenwriting that any protagonist must have a worthy opponent. In the case of "Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation," the heavy is a paper tiger. Next.
I like the movie, but Cruise needs to have a huddle with his stylist and work on the hair dye job. It's not matching up with his complexion, and it makes him look old. Priorities people!
Impossible to resist.
Rogue Nation gets its job done with style.
has a definite sleekness to it, but McQuarrie reserves just enough grit to keep it from looking and feeling like a cartoon
The franchise has gradually refined its combination of jaw-dropping action set pieces and sleekly cool world of espionage into something that's approaching pop perfection.
Don't try to make sense of it, the world of Ethan Hunt, just like the cartoonish society that the characters in the "Fast & Furious" franchise inhabit, is clearly not our own.
Cruise has always been a remarkable physical actor, and the Mission: Impossible franchise continues to offer an ideal showcase for his talents.
I have never been fond of Tom Cruise, but one must admit what he does he does well.
All the gadgetry and double the action fall short. But the pure charm of the movie saves the day.
A very entertaining and enjoyable movie. [Full review in Spanish]
McQuarrie proves that not only can he direct great action scenes... but he can also pay homage to the best the genre has to offer. [Full review in Spanish]
Pure entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie you will enjoy from start to finish. [Full review in Spanish]
Warts and all, Cruise has delivered another awesome Mission: Impossible spectacle that should keep the summer of 2015 going strong for at least a few more weeks.
The latest in the Mission Impossible franchise suffers from having its impossible missions made lame by impossible product sourcing, imagined techno-fixes, and apparently endless resources despite Cruise's Hunt supposedly being on the run.
Mr. Hunt, your lasting assignment is to keep the IMF in Cruise control.
Slick and often clever, but it's also too long, and the spectacle of Cruise trying to prove that age has not dimmed his physical prowess gets pretty silly.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation is exceptionally made, insane fun and the best this series has to offer and then some.
Extremely well-written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie. Let me repeat. Extremely well-written and directed by the man who counseled Cruise in "Jack Reacher." They apparently click.
Although I prefer the more spirited and original "Ghost Protocol," I thoroughly enjoyed "Rogue Nation" for what it is, and what it sets out to be: unapologetic fun.
A female lead who is so good, she brings Cruise up a few notches ... She's Ilsa Faust ( Rebecca Ferguson (the BBC's The White Queen)), and you can tell by her name how this chapter in the franchise has been constructed - it's basically a Bond movie.
Despite its weaknesses, this is a solid action film, with many of the familiar Mission Impossible trappings, including those impossible face masks. The acting is also solid by the main cast. The villain, played by Sean Harris, is up to the mark.
It comes as a pleasant surprise that the series' cartoon spy-fi lunacy still plays.
Your mission, if you choose to accept it, is to enjoy this movie without thinking too much about the plot. [Full revew in Spanish]
Of the many heists and grabs that litter the movie, none is as blatant as the deft, irrepressible manner in which Ferguson, displaying a light smile and a brisk way with a knife, steals the show.
The film is too long and I was never certain what the villain's ultimate goal was as he seems to be a terrorist without any ideological agenda, but this is good summer fun and probably the best in the series.
The good far outweighs the so-so.
A dog-eared, virile action film that's lucky to have Rebecca Ferguson as a saving grace.
When Cruise dies, he, Harold Lloyd and Buster Keaton will have a lot to talk about.
This movie is pure summer entertainment and, when that iconic theme song starts cranking, it's hard to keep yourself from getting sucked right along into it.
As far as entertainment goes, Rogue Nation is second only to the original Mission: Impossible.
"Rogue Nation" delivers thrill after thrill to the point where your nerves can't take it anymore.
It's all baloney, but the disposable film fills a summertime need for breezy entertainment.
Great summer movie entertainment.
A hugely entertaining action thriller from a trusted movie brand...All up, MI:5 is a terrifically kinetic, lean, crowd-pleasing spectacle, and yet another cinematic expression of the deep love Cruise has for his audience.
Without the wit of its previous instalment, M:I-RN feels a bit of an endurance championship, although if you're in it for the action alone, you won't feel shortchanged.
Despite all the big names, it's a relative unknown who steals the show. Swedish born Rebecca Ferguson keeps you guessing throughout the film as a mysterious individual with unknown intentions.
There are spies among us. And that's a good thing.
You don't overcome the "impossible" by thinking it over a little more carefully. You overcome it through the application of sheer, unvarnished willpower, a quality that Cruise has always possessed in abundance.
This isn't the best of the M:I films, as it fails to match the stylized sleekness of the first, the character dynamics of III or the needle-to-the-heart adrenaline charge of Ghost Protocol. But here's a franchise that manages to retain its freshness.
Writer/director McQuarrie has enough savvy with dialogue and pacing that old tropes feel fun again. Like someone finally remembered how to make a spy movie.
Director/Writer Christopher McQuarrie and Tom Cruise have proven to be a dynamic duo, even against the most impossible of enemies...
A Sensational Thriller
A late summer treat: proving that hard work and care can still make for a rousing good time.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation is a smart and exciting blockbuster, as well as another strong installment in the Tom Cruise action franchise.
The series' best yet, with gob-smacking action sequences offset by quick-witted humor and a thematic emphasis on teamwork and trust.
The excellent chemistry between Cruise and Ferguson translates into superior hand-to-hand fight scenes and one spectacular chase.
a perfect balance of suspense and a metaphorical tongue placed ever so delicately in an equally metaphorical cheek
Everything, even Alec Baldwin's tight and itchy turn as a CIA buzzkill, is mere window-dressing to Cruise's attempts to kill himself on-screen.
The epitome of a bona fide summer blockbuster!
Stunts save "Rogue Nation."
Like the James Bond films, the entries in the Mission: Impossible series are really only as good as the sum of their set pieces -- and they might actually have become more reliably thrilling.
You get the whiff of desperation throughout.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation, the latest in the Tom Cruise-starring franchise, sets its hooks quickly and hurtles you forward.
Has the snap, shock, and verve to rival modern blockbusters while giving a nod to the retro-cool original series.
An exhilarating blend of action, intrigue, suspense and comic relief. Tom Cruise still has the knack of being a charismatic leading man.
Writer-director Christopher McQuarrie, whose action movie skills are at best high-adequate, compensates by being good at interpersonal stuff. He can make us feel for the characters as something more than action toys.
I've seen five Mission: Impossible movies now and I don't know a lick about Ethan Hunt except that every couple years he flings his body all over the place, then eventually saves the day.
The savvy Cruise makes sure he delivers what is expected of him: hand-to-hand fights, death-defying leaps and car chases - all the while propelling the plot forward.
The most reliable blockbuster series going: Five films, some weirder than others, but not a stinker in the bunch.
It's a preponderance of unpolished plotting that truly takes the shine off Rogue Nation.
It's surprisingly pleasurable, a romp through a series a snazzy set pieces that are linked by familiar themes. What's fun about it comes from how it's executed, rather than any innovation.
I like Tom Cruise and I like action movies.
This fifth installment could be the best of the series. Tom Cruise's stunts are terrific. Lalo Schifrin's theme music is still wonderful. The pace is driving. Rebecca Ferguson is beautiful and inscrutable.
Rogue Nation delivers first rate entertainment from beginning to end. Certainly a non-stop joyride that will continue the franchise should audiences choose to accept whimsical disbelief.
Martial arts and a sense of levity balance the many tense action scenes
Tom Cruise is back in the exciting, smart and tense fifth installment in this long-running series.
Spy franchise returns with thrills, death-defying stunts.
...the franchise delivers its best and most entertaining chapter to date with Rogue Nation.
Cruise still evokes the daring recklessness that defines his MIF role. MI-5 does not disappoint.
New writers and directors for each installment have kept the creativity flowing, and like the "Fast and Furious" movies, the "Mission: Impossible" film series has hit its stride later in its run.
You expect this to raise a fist to the awesomeness of being The Guy, and it does with gusto. But what really keeps this fifth installment fresh is a look at how exhausting it must also feel to always be The Guy...whether it's Ethan Hunt or Tom Cruise.
Every bit as exciting and mind-boggling as its predecessors.
It is vastly superior to all the bloated superhero movies with their extended, tedious fight scenes and unnecessary, overused 3-D effects.
A precision-tooled action gizmo made by talented people who still take professional pride in turning this sort of thing out.
As usual for the fifth entry in a film franchise, there's a lot of talk about whether this is "our last mission." If that's true, at least it'll go out proudly.
The last M:I film, 2011's Ghost Protocol, remains the series' high point because it was so consistently engaging. This time, we spend much too long in government back rooms discussing politics.
"Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation" is industrial-strength, stunt-stuffed, thoroughly soulless, yet eminently watchable cinema.
Tom Cruise brings the intensity, while Alec Baldwin does his usual Alec Baldwin thing.
If you enjoy seeing a veteran actor doing his own stunts in some spectacularly staged ways, you won't want to miss this true crowd pleaser. (Full Content Review - Nudity, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
It feels like they grabbed the best elements of the first movie and "Ghost Protocol" and mixed them in a very successful way. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not a masterpiece of the action movie genre, but it's still a good option for adrenaline lovers. [Full review in Spanish]
Christopher McQuarrie's direction and a well written script give this entry what it's been missing since the first one: volume, depth and rhythm. [Full review in Spanish]
Isn't the worst installment, but it's the least daring, challenging and fresh entry in the series.
A blast of suspense and intrigue, a great mashup of the best of the original and Ghost Protocol.
If "Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation" doesn't quite have that same touch that assuredly sets it apart, what it does have is a similar confident skillfulness that keeps the film humming along from one noteworthy action set-piece to the next.
The real Mission Impossible is topping the earlier films in the series plus upstarts like "Fast/Furious." Challenge accepted.
If it weren't for 'Mad Max: Fury Road,' this would be the best action film of the year.
One or two seriously awesome moments aside, there's very little of note here.
The fifth installment in this franchise that keeps getting better is the best one yet, with a compelling plot, a Bond-esque super villain to keep your interest, and the intense action set pieces that Cruise does better than anyone.
We tend to forget Tom Cruise is a seriously impressive old-school action star in an age where CG trickery has largely made that role somewhat redundant.
A Summer Blockbuster worth the title: in MI's fifth installment, the Cruise gung-ho approach cements why he's a true movie hero!
Never groundbreaking but consistently entertaining,
"Rogue Nation" is pretty much like most of the "Impossible" movies in that it's an immense machine that Mr. McQuarrie, after tinkering and oiling, has cranked up again and set humming ...
...the summer movie we've been waiting for: filled with action, exotic locations, and enough plot twists that you simply can't check your brain at the door.
The reliably classy Rogue Nation, which visits Minsk, London, Havana, Paris and Vienna in the first half-hour alone, concentrates on practical stunts, and the results are spectacular.
Its plot line doesn't bear too much scrutiny and its characterisation is sketchy but the action itself is frequently exhilarating.
If you want to watch insanely dangerous stunts, done by a 53-year-old human and not a body double or a CGI pixel, then Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation is the summer action film for you.
The best film in this series, and a perfectly realized piece of cinematic craftsmanship.
The Tomoxon is rammed into the metabolism with such unrelenting force that we are sure to see Mission Impossible: Adjective Noun in two years' time.
...audiences will have the pleasure of being swept away by the actor's unbridled charm sparring with Ferguson's upstart attitude in a flawless duet of deceit and determination. All is fair in love and espionage.
The opening sequence is like a declaration of war; it's like starting a film with the truck sequence from Raiders, or Ghost Protocol's Burj Khalifa sequence.
You can discuss the incongruities on the drive home; while the movie's playing, you're having too much fun getting manhandled by experts.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation doesn't have the nonsensical lyricism of Brad Bird's stupendous Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol, but it's still pretty good.
The film that leaves you wanting more. Not five minutes more. Five films more.
At the age of 53 Mr. Cruise continues to give his all to these films, and his all in this latest episode is more than enough.
McQuarrie delivers a tense, eye-popping amusement-park ride that's almost as exciting as it is forgettable.
What's most impressive, perhaps, is that, somehow and beyond all traditional reasoning, this series doesn't seem to be running out of steam.
...this film belongs to Swedish actress Rebecca Ferguson as undercover British Intelligence agent Ilsa Faust, whose career is sure to get a serious boost after her fearless performance here.
At age 53, Tom Cruise is still a credible action hero. But this time, Rebecca Ferguson really gives him a run for his money, and his heart.
"Rogue Nation" is a more-than-worthy entry into the "Mission: Impossible" franchise, one that somehow grows better with age.
Cruise has played Ethan Hunt so often it would be understandable if he phoned it in, but one of the pleasures of "Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation" is that he doesn't.
The action bonanza gets a little lost in its own spycraft, but offers action scenes both fast and furious and a fabulous couple of additions to the world of the IMF (short for Impossible Mission Force, obviously).
Previous installments may have done a solid job of bringing Ethan Hunt's inner turmoil to the fore, but Rogue Nation really nails it
It can be your mission, if you choose to accept it, but there are many superior options for your entertainment dollar.
An entertaining and exciting ride, a strong example of the best in blockbuster filmmaking.
Though fine summer entertainment, the movie -- like Ethan's hobbled gait -- shows considerable franchise fatigue.
It's as rousing, crowd-pleasing, and grandly old-fashioned an accompaniment to popcorn-munching as we've seen all summer.
It's formula. But Rogue Nation never feels like it is trying to be more or less than exactly what it is: a summer popcorn movie with a few decent twists, more laughs than expected and a lead character who may be feeling his age a bit.
Rogue Nation has a plot with means and opportunity galore, but little in the way of motive. And in a year brimming with spy stories, you need to bring your A game to stand out.
Five movies in, Cruise has perfected the M:I formula -- a simple spy story, passable character comedy, and extremely long, impressively sustained action sequences.
And with Cruise pushing his 53-year-old body to the limit for every death-defying spectacle, Mission: Impossible has grown into a true thrill-a-minute event, and fans certainly won't leave this one disappointed.
It shouldn't surprise you by now to hear that Cruise apparently flirted with on-set danger here, too. And it's impossible to deny that this knowledge adds to the fun.
No one would expect anything more from a Mission: Impossible movie than thumping good action, and this delivers amply on that front.
As spy franchises go, this one has been pretty electric.
They are massive enterprises that deliver the goods in the manner of an experienced craftsman, no matter who that craftsman happens to be.
It's not sappy. It's a tight action movie focused on talented people working together for the good (or harm? You have no idea!) of the world.
Anyone can be in a movie; only a few like Cruise are the movies.
The White Queen's Rebecca Ferguson is remarkable as Ilsa Faust, a British national of enigmatic allegiances. In a film full of twists and reversals, the biggest surprise of all is a woman with her own agenda. Guess nothing's impossible after all.
While certainly not a disappointment, Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation sticks too closely to the franchise formula. And unlike its buff star, the whole thing is starting to show its age.
Like Hunt is asked to do at the beginning of every quest I'll gladly accept this latest Mission: Impossible, but I'll keep my fingers crossed that next time we'll have an even better trip to go on.
I questioned nothing, enjoyed McQuarrie's ingenuity in construction, smiled occasionally at the jokes and admired Ferguson's performance as the most interesting femme fatale in the series.
This is comfort-food cinema. Gorge on the endless buffet.
I spent the first half hour wearing 3D glasses (available on a foyer stand) since I thought the film was in 3D as well as Imax. It isn't. But I didn't notice until I glanced round belatedly at un-spectacled colleagues.
As much as Cruise dominates "Rogue Nation," it's his co-star, Rebecca Ferguson, who emerges as the film's true and most memorable revelation.
Accept the mission and pass the popcorn.
Nearly two decades out, Ethan Hunt has become [Cruise's] signature role, and at 53, the indefatigable action hero hasn't lost a step as he runs, jumps, rides and drives from eye-popping set piece to the next with both will and skill.
The most assured and satisfying of the five so far ...
Cruise's inexhaustible drive helps propel this consistently exciting installment.
Rogue Nation comes equipped with overwritten, exposition-heavy dialogue that none of the IMF agents would actually say to each other outside of a movie.
It's clear that McQuarrie appreciates not only what's exciting about these movies but also what's funny.
Immersive, unpredictable and crammed with more sharp plot hooks than a fishing basket. It's one of the best wide-release movies of the summer.
"Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation" proves that a summer flick can be as smart as it is exciting.
It's hardly breaking bold new ground but Cruise is utterly reliable, his commitment to the role - and what must have been a brutal workout regime - never in doubt.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation continues the series resurgence with moody suspense tied neatly to exciting set pieces centered on a stable of IMF agents that has finally gelled after several films worth of experimenting.
Despite the shortcomings of the plot, 'Rogue Nation' is a summer blockbuster that delivers the popcorn movie goods.
Rogue Nation, like the similarly propulsive Ghost Protocol, often feels like a pure instrument of fun, dragging Hunt through an ongoing series of precarious situations.
The opening stunt pretty much sums up the Mission: Impossible franchise: white-knuckle thrills teetering on the edge of absurdity.
"Rogue Nation" is a winning effort- much better than you'd expect from the fifth film in a series featuring a 53-year-old man as an action star.
Cruise is-and I say this nicely-a total maniac, which goes a long way toward cranking up an action sequence.
This M:I is entertaining in its schematic way; it's impossible not to respond to the theme music on a Pavlovian level. There's a sentimental attachment. But like Tom in that almighty opening plane stunt, I'm finding it harder and harder to hang on.
The franchise has a lot in common with Old Faithful: it's a popular attraction; predictable as clockwork; and features acts of nature - a geyser of boiling water in one case, Tom Cruise's abs in the other - that remain impressive after all these years.
Goes on too long, with at least one too many prolonged chases and fights, but is still expertly mounted, enjoyably old-fashioned, action-packed cloak-and-dagger hokum.
If you watched all of the "Mission: Impossible" films in a row, starting with 1996's original, would they feel like a James Bond version of "Boyhood"? Maybe.
After taking a few stabs at the right formula, the series has finally found its voice, and Ethan Hunt and company give James Bond a real run for his blockbuster money.
The Intense Tom Cruise Face - you know the expression I mean, where he looks like he's about to explode and/or start yelling, but doesn't - makes frequent appearances, as does the trademark arm-chopping Tom Cruise Run.
McQuarrie isn't known for spectacle, but he manages an impressive fireworks display here, delivering a first half that frequently bests previous sequels. It's the second half of "Rogue Nation" that's worrisome.
Hopefully, the reception will be positive because, on the strength of this outing, a sixth big-screen impossible mission is warranted.
Tom Cruise stamps his claim as the greatest action star of our time with this nail biting, stylishly made action thriller filled with incredibly entertaining sequences.
"Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation" is a sigh of defeat. Now Tom's only goal is to give us a kickboxing fight or a motorcycle chase every eight minutes, and hope for the best.
For about 90 minutes or so, Rogue Nation is grandly exciting. But in the final half-hour, McQuarrie makes a critical mistake: He starts taking this enjoyable nonsense seriously.
The story is clear. The characters are appropriately hyper-real, but grounded and their behavior follows logically. There are mysteries that keep unraveling. And it doesn't choke you with details that can't be deciphered without 27 watchings.
It's full of attractive people, gorgeous locations, loathsome bad guys and a pounding score that ties it all together. This is what the "Fast and Furious" movies want to be, and the Bond pictures used to.
A spy adventure with champagne-fizz style and double-shot-of-scotch action sequences, Mission: Impossible -- Rogue Nation is a perfect demonstration that sequels can aim higher in places other than just the box office, and to everyone's benefit.
There's a difference between velocity and momentum, and while the chases, shootouts and close-quarters combat rarely flag, our interest does.
Cruise fires up everything he has as actor and athlete, showing that Mission: Impossible still has gas in its tank even when its engine sputters.
Once again, Cruise accepts this mission with open arms and audiences everywhere should follow suit.
The newest installment in Tom Cruise's franchise might be the best yet.
You sure get your bang for the buck with this one. Tom Cruise, and his team deliver an action packed espionage thriller that's so eye popping you hardly notice you have no idea of why they're really doing all that stuff.
McQuarrie devises a film that's a succession of riveting sequences, filmed in a way that's active and yet elegant.
McQuarrie has created a clever, witty, exciting modern espionage thriller which not only pays its dues to the earlier titles in the series, but also tacitly acknowledges that Ethan himself is starting to get a little long in the tooth.
Thrill-ride fun- the most exciting action-adventure of the summer...
Five movies in and the Mission: Impossible franchise exhibits no signs of slowing down.
So many ridiculous action set pieces and unfollowable plot lines that it's basically a blockbuster splatter painting.
The most stripped-down, aggressive and at times - and only relatively speaking - closest the films series has come to the more modest pleasures of the espionage show that spawned it, if often in name only.
Not just the best movie of the summer, but also the best SUMMER movie of the summer. A whipsmart action film that dazzles from start to finish. Cruise in control of the best 'MI' yet.
The Mission: Impossible franchise is ageing much like Tom Cruise himself: inexplicably, as if by a wizard's touch.
It can't resist winking at how this franchise manages to defy the limits of both human endurance and its superstar's rickety public status.
Latest episode delivers the goods, just not as smoothly as before.
...the fifth Mission Impossible is a solid hour-and-a-half action film. Unfortunately, the run time is two hours and ten minutes.
Its fuse fizzes dutifully from A to B, but the dynamite never ignites.
A non-stop blast from beginning to end. At this point Tom Cruise is starting to rival Jackie Chan as the most daring action hero of our era.
McQuarrie doesn't make it easy to invest in the characters here, but paradoxically he does know how to make us grip our armrests as they face danger, and thus the mission is accomplished once more.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation is the best action movie to hit theaters since Mad Max Rockatansky answered our cries back in May, making it the best action movie this summer by far.
Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation finally makes Ethan Hunt into not just "Tom Cruise - Action Man" but perhaps the defining role of his long career. The twist is that it may be his most autobiographical as well.
Filled with heart-stopping moments, this fifth in the franchise leaps to great heights with thrilling action and a story that feels fresh and vital
Jokey, derivative, the weakest of the MI movies, but still fun in most of the usual ways.
Given how fun Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation often is, it's hard to blame Paramount for squeezing every drop of momentum out of the series while it can.
The action is explosive, coming in fast and furious spurts, peppered with plenty of quips, character moments, and blisteringly choreographed instances of death and destruction.
Has a better story, a grittier tone and the perfect blend of action, humor and intelligence - all of which make it the best Mission yet.
Works for your appreciation with gasp-inducing action sequences and an ethos that has fun with its legacy while moving in a new direction.
Slick, accomplished and hugely entertaining, another slice of glorious mayhem from a franchise that continues to play to its strengths and deliver the goods.
As a blockbuster, this comes pretty close to perfection.
Rogue Nation may not be the best, the tightest, or even the most logically coherent M:I flick, but there should be more movies like it: relentlessly thrilling, smart entertainments ...
Rogue Nation solidifies the fact that Tom Cruise is the quintessential action star, carrying the quintessential action franchise. With all due respect to 007, at the moment, nobody does it better.
I was delighted by this one end to end.
While the Mission: Impossible series may no longer feel fresh, it also shows no signs of self-destructing anytime soon.
Easily, almost nonchalantly, best in franchise, Rogue Nation dispenses with the dead weight of realism or relevance for state-of-the-art thrill-making in a classical mould.
Expertly building on the renewed energy injected into the Mission: Impossible franchise with 2011's Ghost Protocol, this fifth episode roars along like a sleek, well-oiled machine.
All the action spectacle of a Mission: Impossible but gives the spectacle more weight.
As a sensory escapist experience with laughs, pleasures, and excitements, 'Rogue Nation' will likely be the most satisfying mission audiences choose to accept repeatedly.
You'll never see Cruise playing an effortless comic book immortal - his characters are at their best when their backs are to the wall.
It's a ride, an often exhilarating one, but ultimately like most rides it ends exactly where it began.
Can Mission: Impossible stay relevant in today's era of popcorn film? The answer is decidedly maybe. Definitely maybe.
The movie's fuse stays lit for a good 90 minutes, but sadly it fizzles out come the disappointing climax.
Now on his fifth go-around as Ethan Hunt, Cruise has steered the Mission movies away from distinct authorial voices and into showreels for his own daredevil stunt work.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation might have its hi-tech gadgets, but it's a pleasingly old-fashioned affair.
At once questioning and reaffirming the pleasures of cinematic espionage, this is the rare sequel that leaves its franchise feeling not exhausted but surprisingly resurgent at 19 years and counting.
Feels dated and redundant due to the lack of originality and innovation that's defined the franchise.
The protagonists' dilemmas are quite extreme, the surprises come in all sizes and the ultra-smooth professionalism displayed in all departments early on encourages the sense that you're in good hands, a feeling that ends up being justified.
A sequel that is slick with silliness, but peppered with enough wit and peril to sustain the franchise's momentum.
Cruise remains game for anything and everything.
Doesn't do anything particularly wrong inasmuch as it overdoes something right - by the time we reach the final chase/shoot-out/hand-to-hand combat set piece, a bit of ice-cream-headache fatigue has begun to set in.
It's apparent just how hard [Cruise is] trying in an effort to entertain us ... but it's not why Rogue Nation works. It's truly a team effort.
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation has some of the best-shot action sequences of the year - a cinematic thrill ride in the best possible sense.
"Rogue Nation" proves to be the most satisfying, gripping and intelligent film of the series. The action scenes are magnificent, and an excellent supporting turn from new cast member Rebecca Ferguson helps make this a sexy, propulsive, top-notch thriller.
Tom Cruise goes through the motions in this diverting but empty blockbuster.
When the film focuses on Cruise it's an unbeatable juggernaut of a movie. Alas, it does not.
It's not a life-changing experience but it's impressively entertaining and it doesn't insult your intelligence.

@highlight

Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation continues the franchise's thrilling resurgence -- and proves that Tom Cruise remains an action star without equal.