Michael Bay, I come to you as a friend. You have the ability to make a decent Transformers movie. I mean the first one wasn't all that bad. This movie really added nothing to the franchise and it wasn't really necessary.
The editing is, hands down, some of the worst [of the franchise].
The Last Knight is another bus-driver monstrosity.
Everything about this movie is terrible.
If you want to disconnect your brain for almost three hours, eat popcorn and see both robots and humans struggling to protect the Earth once again, without getting too picky about the story, then you can enjoy the movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Like a frat boy given 260 million dollars to play with, Bay strives to make the military men mighty, and the women foxy, while he mocks the scientists with their foolish facts and figures.
The biggest gripe I have with the movie is simply that it's way too long. It's one of the better movies in the franchise, but why Bay feels he needs over two hours to tell these stories is puzzling.
Transformers: The Last Knight was doomed from the beginning when a Transformer gave a drunk Merlin magic powers and a dragon to help King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table defeat... an army
Transformers: The Last Knight is one of the dumbest action films of the year....
Why strip things down when you can just add more?!
Bay assures us this is his last Transformers film but really, it doesn't matter, the damage is already done.
It's the movie-equivalent of the string of 10,000 non-stop firecrackers that annoying kids burst outside your window in Diwali.
Bay assures us this is his last Transformers film but really, it doesn't matter, the damage is already done.
Somehow this one manages to be even worse than the last one despite being almost twenty minutes shorter-it still feels like it's nine hundred years long, though.
Amazingly, it all works, with Wahlberg bringing his laid-back presence and watchability, the excellent Haddock providing wit as well as beauty, and Hopkins raising his familiar game sufficiently to provide as much gravitas as humour.
It is being sympathetic to all of Bay's visual effects slaves (who probably didn't see sunlight for months) that this film gets the extra star - and I am being generous.
Suffused with an overwhelming, choking feeling of pure boredom, shading into self-loathing.
Bay doesn't whip up many edge-of-the-seat moments. Maybe that's because it's difficult to generate real suspense when the series -- like this movie -- feels as if it never will end.
The Last Knight keeps spinning out nonsensical mythology that can barely sustain itself in a single scene of Anthony Hopkins-delivered exposition.
As immensely popular as the Transformer films are, the time is yet to come when they will no longer be seen as multiplex fodder but be acknowledged as the breathlessly entertaining masterpieces of pop art that they are.
A Frankenstein almost unrecognizable and only bearable because of Anthony Hopkins. [Full review in Spanish]
At this point, it's safe to say that Michael Bay no longer cares..
The worst Blockbuster of the year, boring, meaningless and embarrassing. [Full review in Spanish]
Transformers: The Last Knight is everything you would expect from the now seemingly tired, joyless and overblown franchise.
In its defense, I can say that it's not as bad as its predecessor. Although that's not a good thing either. [Full review in Spanish]
...noisy, incoherent, and stupid as a bag of rocks. [Full review in Spanish]
When it comes to Transformers: The Last Knight, dare I use the phrase, there is "more than meets the eye."
Transformers: The Last Knight is a long, punishing struggle that offers very little in the way of entertainment. I'd given up by the final hour.
The fifth film of this saga, as well as the previous one and the previous one and the previous one, is garbage. [Full review in Spanish]
Another incomprehensible disaster from Michael Bay. [Full review in Spanish]
A bunch of colors that shriek in 5.1 and at full volume, in which the form fails in its monstrosity and the background is simply non-existent. [Full review in Spanish]
The biggest neuron killer since tertiary syphilis. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The fifth film of the franchise relies on special effects and disregards the consistency of the script. [Full review in Spanish]
A rattling clash of faux-gallantry and misplaced slapstick: a knight's tale as told by the court jester.
A strange mash-up between The Da Vinci Code and the mechanical characters. [Full review in Spanish]
An exhausting distillation of everything that can possibly go wrong with a blockbuster.
Michael Bay has promised that this is the last Transformers movie he will direct, which is no small relief. It will not, alas, be the last Transformers movie.
Michael Bay doesn't make movies anymore; he makes migraine auras.
The film is only capable of disappointing when it doesn't try to add edges and new images to its own universe. [Full review in Spanish]
An exhaustive sensory assault held together by sugarless gum. Let it be known: Transformers: The Last Straw is this summer's Independence Day: Resurgence.
Definitive proof that Jesus doesn't like you.
It's a case of apocalypse very soon, with a checklist of borrowed elements that ranges from the boys in Netflix's Stranger Things to the BB-8 droid from Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
The utterly incomprehensible plot of The Last Knight revives the old fracas between nice CGI metal machines and their nasty counterparts. As in the previous iterations, the fate of Earth is at stake, not to mention the viewer's eyes, ears and sanity.
More like TRASHformers.
The biggest (only?) pleasure of The Last Knight is watching the film struggle with its identity and slowly become aware of its own awfulness.
Nope.
Transformers: The Last Knight is a rusty, rotting heap of scrap metal. It's Michael Bay venturing into the most self-indulgent, the most conceited corners of his psyche.
Bay's last hoorah is the sci fi equivalent of an all-you-can-eat banquet dinner. The flavours sometimes clash, but there's no doubting its value for money.
I almost wish it had been worse, so I could hate it with a tangible fury.
Transformers: The Last Knight is the pinnacle of summer blockbuster stupidity. The only thing that could top it is another Transformers sequel, a nightmare to imagine.
The end of the world can't come soon enough in Transformers: The Last Knight.
It's time to abandon the nihilistic characters, the bad jokes, the oppressive set pieces, and start anew. The best thing you can do with Transformers: The Last Knight is leave it behind as quickly as possible.
The movie equivalent of a bag of tangled-up Christmas lights -- all soul-destroying untidiness and faulty circuitry.
Though convoluted and mostly indistinguishable from piffle, it's by no means the worst of the bunch.
Seriously, why does Transformers: The Last Knight need to be 149 minutes long? Maybe it's a conspiracy to sell more snacks.
There are reasons enough to look and listen as the Bayhem unfolds.
The Last Knight is the worst Transformers movie of them all.
Blockbusters have no excuse to be stupid this far into the 21st Century.
Isn't the worst chapter of the eye-crossing saga (the one that showcased Decepticon testicles, that's the worst), but it's close.
Michael Bay's latest big robots action movie is partly based on the King Arthur legend because, well, why not take a big steaming dump on that story as well?
Regardless of our opinions, we all know what a Michael Bay film is. This one's his most Baysome.
This is not the worst Transformers film.
Clumsily patched together by three writers, six editors and director Michael Bay, it's an explosion-filled, mind-numbing, $250-million Hasbro Toy promotion.
Perhaps you need to be huffing petrol fumes (or whatever it is that the autobots run on) but 149 minutes have rarely felt so interminable.
What's Bay achieved? Not acclaim, not audience affection and certainly not creative development. Just a record number of bad reviews. Here Michael, have another.
At 7 hours 15 minutes, this sets the record as the longest theatrical feature ever made. (Keep in mind that I did not have a watch on me during the screening, so my estimate of the running time might be slightly off. But it certainly felt that long.)
...it's impossible not to wish that this time Bay sticks to his usual promise to never, ever make another Transformers movie.
t's hard to sit back and embrace the chaos of "The Last Knight" when you can think about similar big-budget action tentpoles ... and reflect on how even in all their craziness, they just made a lot more sense.
This movie leaves us feeling like we've been smacked in the face for two and a half long hours. So the pre-credit tag teasing part six is chilling for all the wrong reasons.
This is the strange appeal of Bay's work. It's terrible, but it is undeniably his terrible, the hyper-realization of a 13-year-old boy's fever dream given life through an enormous budget and a grown man's enterprise.
I can barely summon a feeling about The Last Knight; if anything, I feel slightly worried about how little I hated it.
The Last Knight isn't what we wanted it to be, but by god, is it what we expected it to be!
The studio and filmmakers have vomited up a loud, unfocused, utterly nonsensical Transformers mess.
I'm not sure they're even trying anymore.
Once again, the Transformer series verges on absurdity but that's less important than the unique big-screen spectacle of Bay's pop-art and futurist filmmaking.
Exactly what you'd expect. It's loud, rambunctious, flashy, and about as dumb as a box of rocks. But you already knew that.
The problem with these films has always been the fact that they fatally lack charm. No matter how silly a voice you give them, the Transformers themselves are impossible to engage with.
Everything goes boom, crash, oomph, peow, wallop, zing, zat and zoom for 150 minutes. It's terrifying. It physically hurts. It is so darn-near incomprehensible, I almost asked for my money back. And I didn't even pay to see it.
The film quickly devolves into undifferentiated shooting, yelling, and exploding.
Transformers: The Last Knight may have been the most enjoyable Transformers film in years, but that's a low, low bar, and it certainly doesn't put it on a level to be called anything but bad.
Nothing in this film makes sense.
All of this might have been more fun if Bay had a sense of humor, but he has a moth-to-flame attraction to every corny aside imaginable.
Unsatisfying sequel is big on explosions, short on all else.
Bay has now made five of these things. Even at their best (Part 3 was wild fun), they are ludicrous and insane.
We need some interventions here.
Transformers: The Last Knight is ... kind of entertaining? In the way I assume riding a roller coaster while on meth is probably kind of entertaining?
This film could lose 40 minutes and still be considered baggy.
You never experience a shred of peril yet have to grudgingly admire a director happy to throw all of his (Hasbro) toys out of the pram in the service of a wham-bang conclusion.
The Last Knight is epic in length and filled with enough car chases, gunplay and carnage to please die-hard fans and exhaust everyone else.
The pinnacle of blockbuster gigantism, Bay's latest is a chore except when its madness becomes so sensorially all-consuming -- blinding the eyes, deafening the ears, befuddling the mind -- that it achieves a sort of terrible abstract grandeur.
Absolutely awful in practically every imaginable way.
This film just doesn't stop moving. The camera swirls around every shoot-out, every fight, every conversation. Nothing is still. Everyone shouts. The tone is hysterical and everyone is angry.
After having seen five of these films, which equates to close to a day of my life that I'll never get back, I can say that Transformers 5 is on a level with Transformers 1.
It's clear Bay doesn't give a thought to the story and sees it merely as a clothesline on which to hang his massively ridiculous action sequences.
It's as if Ridley Scott and James Cameron had a sci-fi symposium and then gave director Michael Bay all their worst ideas, duct-taped together.
Incoherent, creatively bankrupt and excessive to the point of tedium, Michael Bay's farewell to the Transformers franchise is a deafening mess that will disappoint and enrage all but the most loyal of fans.
A movie that's cut like the world's longest and most tedious trailer, pinballing from scene to scene and rarely spending more than a few seconds on any single shot.
For those looking for something enjoyable other than special effects to take away from [The Last Knight], Tucci's turn as a neurotic Merlin provides that -- in the first 10 minutes. Do with that information what you will, it's your money.
Transformers: The Last Knight clocks in at 149 minutes, most of them every bit as painful, childish, 'roid-raged and pointlessly bombastic as the last four movies would lead you to expect.
Transformers: The Last Knight is a bad film -- in fact, it's one of the most ludicrous films ever made.
This latest entry is simply dumb, dull, and pointless.
I am not going to try to explain the story- after watching this movie I may never try to explain another story ever again.
All the best moments in the movie-pure images, devoid of symbol and, for that matter, nearly empty of sense-go by too fast, are held too briefly, are developed too little.
At one point Sir Anthony Hopkins (Remains of the Day, Shadowlands) says: "What a bitchin' ride". That's all you need know.
Michael Bay's Transformers films have been many things, but until now they've never been boring.
Perhaps the most dispiriting thing about this entry in this already-quite-dispiriting franchise is that Bay does not particularly seem to care one way or another this time.
Distilled to its essence, The Last Knight is an orgy of incoherence, a sensory assault that suffocates the viewer in a cavalcade of special effects incontinence.
The plot is byzantine and inane, the characters are superfluous and barely one-dimensional, the comic relief is painful and the acting is almost entirely perfunctory.
The Last Knight is pretty much everything you'd expect from a Transformers movie. Stuff whizzes by, bursting into flames, in a jumbled blur of random images, noises and good old-fashioned gibberish.
Although diverting in the moment, the spatial geography of the epic action is poorly sustained, which undercuts the tension, and once again makes you wonder how something so big can feel so small.
There are glimmers of theoretically enjoyably daftness scattered throughout, but the trouble is there's about ten different films crammed in.
The worst delivery of the franchise so far. [Full review in Spanish]
Somehow, maybe because my standards fall even faster than my expectations, The Last Knight actually kind of delivers.
Nothing changes with the fifth film in his more-is-less robot series.
Every time Michael Bay directs another Transformers abomination (this is the fifth), the movies die a little. This one makes the summer's other blockbuster misfires look like masterpieces.
There's careening genius in the antic too-muchness with it onslaught of zoom and crash, of non sequitur and nonsense under the graphomanic hand of Michael Bay: if he could only use his gifts for good!
You've seen it all before, and considering that includes Earth being torn asunder by an enormous mechanical monstrosity, that says a lot.
Bewilderingly bad.
It may not be an easy watch, but the awesome visual benefits will keep you in your seat.
Elsewhere, it's business as usual. Sparks fly, smoke drifts. Gleaming bodies, human and mechanical, loom over us, often set against pristine blue sky.
For his final duties as Transformers mastermind, Bay has wholeheartedly embraced a less-is-more philosophy: The Last Knight has that rare knack of making less sense the more you focus on it.
Michael Bay is back with another mammoth budget to throw at the screen in the latest Transformers monstrosity.
[A]t the end of the day it just wants to give you a couple of hours of pure escapism full of exciting action, cool visual effects, a bunch of corny jokes, and leave you feeling like you just stepped off a roller coaster.
Even if it is a slight improvement over the last film, that is not enough to warrant even a slight recommendation.
The only thing of interest is what might have convinced Oscar-winner Anthony Hopkins to sign on to appear in this cinematic travesty. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Transformers: The Last Knight is a towering special effects achievement with a befuddling plot. Fans of the 1986 animated film will be on board for this ride.
Total Bayhem, this bombastic event is a knight to forget.
A big mound of steaming 3D CGI garbage. Really Anthony Hopkins?
Giving this movie money is re-enforcing everything wrong with the industry, and possibly everything wrong with the world.
Transformers: The Last Knight has a deeper mythos and bigger spectacle than its predecessors, yet still ends up being mostly hollow and cacophonous.
"Transformers: The Last Knight" is another huge pyrotechnic porno that leaves a metallic taste in your mouth.
For all the explosions and attempts at suspense, this movie has such a lumbering core of boringly stupid story, it's almost impossible for it to move without great noisy bouts of screaming and grinding metal gears.
Avoid. At. All. Costs.
Irredeemable garbage that gives summertime blockbuster fare a bad name. "Transformers: The Last Knight" is an endurance-testing assault on the art of cinema, one physical altercation away from becoming criminal.
It's an all-out war between planets as Michael Bay says farewell to the Transformers franchise with some of the best sustained filmmaking of his career.
Even by Bay's incoherent standards, it's one deadening pile-up.
At least it's willing to embrace the ridiculousness of it all.
Insultingly poor.
Will this film make you feel as if you've gone on a chairoplane after drinking a vat of Bailey's Irish Cream? You'd better believe it.
Worst movie of the summer
A movie that is at once loud yet incoherent, complex yet idiotic, and expensive yet worthless.
The film is, of course, aimed squarely at 13-year-old boys, and with that in mind, it fills its purpose.
Either this movie is dumb or I am.
That Transformers is treated as the Tiffany Trump to the critics' Donald among franchises is curious to me.
Plays like Michael Bay dragged some writers to the desert, fed them acid, wrote down their bats- ideas for the next "Transformers," threw those ideas into the air, then Scotch-taped them together at random.
One of this franchise's strengths is that it manages to balance high-stakes action and explosions with gusts of humor. The rescue of Earth and mankind comes with jokes and treats for all audiences to enjoy.
Can this be done in a way that is not stupefyingly generic?
If for some reason the drawn-out and incoherent battle scenes are what you liked about the earlier films, the climactic one here is still both of those things. The movie is shorter than the last one, though, and considerably more bearable.
Those looking for some bang for their buck would be hard-pressed to do better, as Bay offers more bangs, bells, whistles and bonkers moments than any filmmaker working today.
In trying to connect all five films while moving forward, The Last Knight is all over the place but every place it goes is worth visiting.
Watching an actor of Hopkins' caliber swear at his robo-butler and attempt to wring out laughs by uttering the word "dude" is painful -- even for a Transformers movie.
By the finale, there's way too much happening on screen, to the point where no one will be able to figure out what they're watching.
The final effect isn't exhilarating, it's enervating: a lullaby performed by a rock tumbler.
Even with the low bar set by Michael Bay's previous Transformers movies, The Last Knight stands apart as an incoherent, disjointed work of visual anarchy, fanboy fantasy, mirthless mayhem and emo-starved characters.
The whole movie is a weird, unsettling mix of juvenile storytelling and military fetishism, but it never fails to entertain, even if for the wrong reasons.
Is there a point? Nah. Like its brethren, Transformers: The Last Knight is a barrage of pixels and clutter with no real reason to exist except the perpetuation of its franchise.
The CGI is still incomprehensible, the characters are still paper-thin, and it's a movie that even manages to reduce magic itself to the trickery of ancient machines.
I can't remember the last time I felt so little while watching a movie. I wasn't even bored, so much as just dazed, like I'd woken up in someone else's dream.
As if this watered-down Independence Day scenario weren't enough, the movie keeps veering off in jagged directions.
So much incoherent noise that you'll want to bang your head on the seat in front of you just to get some rest.
Lord Megatron help me, Michael Bay has finally pummeled this viewer into submission.
Every few years, Michael Bay and his giant digital robots sally forth from their gilded dungeon to inflict damage on the world's brain cells. Transformers: The Last Knight is their most concerted assault yet, making me fear for the sanity of the planet.
It's hard to imagine anyone reading, let alone writing, the script and believing that it made any sort of sense at all.
Transformers: The Last Knight is two-thirds of a decent summer blockbuster, but the final act is complete garbage.
Ultimately this is, as always, all about the Transformers, and fans won't be disappointed.
The final act is a non-stop, special-effects bludgeoning of the senses that is zero fun.
Punishingly overwrought in every aspect, Last Knight is a KLANK! KLANK! KLUNKER.
Bay and Wahlberg have said this will be their last installment in the franchise. The studio should follow their lead, and put this wretched series out of our misery.
There is no redemption to be found here, only suffering.
To be fair, The Last Knight is about 15 minutes shorter than its predecessor. But it still somehow manages to feel even longer.
This big, loud, dumb, dull, nonsensical dud of a movie is two and a half excruciating hours long.
At its heart, this experimental collage of sights and sounds is meant to be understood as a sensory experience, like a splatter painting, or electro- convulsive therapy.
The Last Knight leaves behind recent large-scale failures like they were standing still, gasping in its dust, while it pops a wheelie and its horn plays a dubstep remix of "La Cucuracha".
True fans probably don't need the tangled universe of good versus evil explained to them: Bionic aliens rumble; ancient monuments crumble; guys in the middle of robot Armageddon deliver wry one-liners. That's just what you do when things go boom.
The grim suspicion grows that the intention here was to make a 2 1/2-hour movie at any cost, even with only 90 minutes worth of material.
Even at its best, The Last Knight feels like a series of action scenes wrapped up together in a thinly stretched narrative.
Shapeless mounds of parts and pistons, slugging and slicing each other in front of ruins and spaceships as they gush sparks and dribble oily green robot juice.
A recycled plot told through an overly on-the-nose script, read by a confusing parade of characters, and muddled action scenes does nothing to justify its epic length.
By now you know exactly what to expect from a Transformers film: undeniably epic action spectacle at the cost of character, logic or genuine drama. Predictably formulaic.
Bay's genuine determination to give you a good time still doesn't result in fun. Overlong, overstuffed and soulless, for fans who grew up with Optimus and Co, The Last Knight will sting like a bee.
Freed of concerns like plausibility or story, you can simply gape in wonder at the ruthlessly thunderous images in front of you. Maybe that's the feeling of brain cells dying a painful, anguished death.
It will please the fans but it's time to give the robots a rest.
fiiigjhkwetwnwwwjsahafajhwfohofoehaoowofoeoicioeciaqidjFaerlaeaffjgjlje XGRSXSsfdsmfjjjsomuchrandomstuffsomuchegjwogpjwd
Though everything about this movie is ridiculous, Bay still -- still! -- seems to believe it would be far-fetched to treat female characters like human beings worthy of basic respect.
It tones down the insanity and the spectacle but leaves little of value in its place.
Transformers: The Last Knight comes in at 149 minutes, and each of those minutes lasts as long as the reign of Charlemagne.
Boggles the mind with its stupefying plot and throw spaghetti on the wall visuals. It is about as Michael Bay a film Michael Bay could Michael Bay. It is nonsense.
Make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop.
The Last Knight has so much story in it, so much useless information pummeled into every single scene, there is no room for anything else.
Bay's visual sensibility has, if anything, matured, to the point of demanding and earning your exasperated surrender. He has a peerless command of the imaginative excesses of the Hollywood blockbuster.
Megatrash as only Bay can make it, this represents some of the most inane drivel ever to (dis)grace the screen-and an obscene waste of money to boot.
It has a certain gonzo purity that kept me waiting for the movie to find some other gear it never located.
Bay's latest Transformer title is a daunting behemoth of a film and you can feel every ounce of dead weight, as sins of the past are committed without any signs of stopping.
In the obliter-tainment game, Bay's simply better than that -- and on this form, he may be better than anyone.
Transformers: The Last Knight isn't so much a film as it is a catalogue of everything wrong with western civilization.
The good news is that this is the purest, most unfiltered explosion of Bayhem since Bad Boys 2
For the first time, the messy hyperactive form and nihilistic crunched-metal content seem to reinforce each other.
Anyone capable of explaining the near-incomprehensible storyline deserves a prize of some sort.
Transformers: The Last Knight is like staring at a projected kaleidoscope for two and a half hours and then trying to tell someone about the plot.
At the end, Transformers: The Last Knight promises yet another sequel ... At least it'll take a lot of effort for the follow-up to be worse than this.
The movie redlines its engines throughout, but none of it works -- and at 149 minutes, it feels nearly a full hour too long.
An incoherent mess with a plot so convoluted its impaired story points to signs of narrative brain damage.
The sensory overload of Michael Bay's hyperkinetic cinema is such that it eradicates any actual sense of place.
The rock 'em sock 'em finale of Last Knight finally comes after over two hours...and it features, once again, the threat of Earth's complete destruction. If it means they'll stop making Transformer movies, I'm starting to think that's not such a bad deal.
The kind of dramatic structure James Cameron used in his masterful Terminator films is an unknown language to Bay. But he knows how to rev, whir, snap and destroy like an ace.
Transformers: The Last Knight is a punishing, pummeling experience.
Transformers: The Last Knight is an incomprehensible pile of scrap. Luckily, there's an upside -- you'll forget every single stupid frame of this thing the moment you walk out of the theatre.
Of course it's not good.
If there's a movie worse than this set for release this year, let's hope the distributor has the good sense not to do it.
Military-Industrial Uncomplicated...Despite the theme that "Magic does exist" ("It was found long ago. Inside a crashed alien ship"), The Last Knight is all mirthless jokes and thrill-less mayhem.

@highlight

Cacophonous, thinly plotted, and boasting state-of-the-art special effects, The Last Knight is pretty much what you'd expect from the fifth installment of the Transformers franchise.