Gets a difficult job done right: telling a Black woman's story on the screen. It tells that story with no frills, no gimmicks, no myths, and no pulled punches. It's real from jump.
Roxanne Roxanne places more onus on Shanté's path to notoriety rather than glamorizing how she transformed hip-hop-in sharp contrast to the conclusive glory of other rap biopics.
There is no nostalgia in Roxanne Roxanne, none of that warm halo that surrounds The Get Down. The best times for hiphop were very bad times for Shanté: her mother imploding into alcohol addiction, her moments of homelessness, her bruises.
Despite these dark themes, this film is a joy for hip-hop heads.
Instead of riding a roller coaster of disillusionment, Larnell creates Passion Play, and a periodically tedious one at that.
The visceral Roxanne, Roxanne is a serviceable and necessary film carried by strong performances from Adams, Long, and Ali.
Gritty, violent bio of '80s rap star is ultimately hopeful.
Larnell gathers a wide cast of vital actors for a bustling series of incidents that veer quickly from the sentimental to the shattering.
Adams is able to bring Shanté to life, but "Roxanne Roxanne" is so focused on personal details that the bigger picture is rendered blurry.
A film that breaks the musical biopic mold in ways that are sometimes frustrating and frequently exhilarating.
Don't worry: There will be rap battles and concert scenes and they do not disappoint. But they are the bass line beat. The drama of ordinary life is what makes this story stick in your head.
One presumes that Michael Lerner's sense of emphasis is meant to humanize Shanté, defining her apart from the fame she achieved, but this stratagem backfires as Roxanne Roxanne mires itself in scenes of speechifying domestic strife.
By shaping Roxanne Roxanne as a character profile, Larnell accentuates his actors' performances and crafts a nuanced community portrait ...
In attempting a gritty portrayal of Shanté's little-known private life, Roxanne Roxanne forgets her genius, as so many other people did back in the day.
The film isn't just an account of one woman in hip-hop. It's about how the lived experiences of Black and brown people, including women, were always the heartbeat of rap.
Roxanne Roxanne is a story that needed to be told, And if you are familiar with the story you will likely to find it bold, but it needs just a bit more guidance and perhaps more time, to truly let the story of this forgotten star shine.
A musical biopic with plenty of swagger and style that will get hip hop fans of a certain age nostalgically swooning over vintage track suits and old-school dance moves.
While there are some plot holes, the story we see on screen of a young girl's fierce determination is riveting, and the performances are deeply memorable.
A star is born in Chante Adams in a musical biopic that's filled with energy.
By-the-books, but nevertheless engrossing.
Writer-director Michael J. Larnell presents the episodes of Shanté's tumultuous life with vital energy and style to burn
A skillful and ironically gripping coming-of-age movie: a hip-hop anti-biopic.
Gets by on the swagger of newcomer Chante Adams' furious performance and its immersion into the style and culture of hip-hop
Like [David O. Russell's] Joy, this story feels overwhelmingly like the writer/director's version of their subject's lives, rendering Roxanne Roxanne a portrait that's as expressive as it is incomplete.
As a delightful rap tribute to Shanté by young NAS at the end of the film suggests, the beat of Shanté's spoken performances are key to conquering the tribulations of her personal life.

@highlight

Roxanne Roxanne belatedly honors its subject with a gripping character-driven biopic that serves as a primer for a trailblazing career while telling an often tragic story.