Melodramatic, yes, but this powerful, disturbing film is based on a real event in mid-Eighties Iran, which makes it easier -- or perhaps harder -- to bear.
Take even a cursory look around the planet: unjust, senseless death is not going away anytime soon...
A strange and repugnant piece of work, half hot-button political propaganda and half sadomasochistic Outrage Porn.
Though it is perfectly watchable, it latches onto the more simplistic domestic aspect of the story at the expense of exploring the more difficult and complex political issues that enable this sort of killing to come about in the first place.
Nowrasteh's approach is hardly subtle, favouring didactic dialogue and overblown scoring. That said, a 20-minute stoning sequence possesses the shocking brutality of The Passion Of The Christ
[A] well-intentioned, but laboured and woodenly acted film, based on a true story.
This is The Wicker Man but with scary English country folks replaced with the supposed Axis of Evil.
This harrowing film spares no physical or emotional detail.
With the melancholy cry of a sad cello, the film opens with a golden sun rising over the hills of a remote Iran landscape...It's a devastating story, powerfully told
It illuminates the sordid local politics often behind such barbaric practices -- not, in fact, prescribed by the Koran. Brace yourself.
The long, shockingly barbaric stoning sequence near the film's climax is indeed grueling, and the film's depiction of the events leading up to it paint a horrifying picture of the powerlessness of women in rural Iran in this period.
This film is by no means a cinematic masterpiece, but Aghdashloo's strong performance holds the film together.
The Stoning Of Soraya M. hits you in the gut. It's a phenomenal piece of cinema, but there are many who will read about it and think, "I don't need to go there."
Preachy outrage and clunky execution deplete a vital decrying of misogyny.
A film that may become a little preachy but nonetheless asserts itself as an important document for the world's attention.
Undermined by a weak, phony-feeling ending, Cyrus Nowrasteh's film is nevertheless a pitiless study of moral cowardice.
This film is eye-opening and heart-draining and it is excellently produced.This is a very good film, but it is hard for me to chirp "check it out" because it will stick with you, twisting in your stomach and making your life's petty annoyances feel less t
Does not make for good drama or entertainment, but it eerily elicits a strange power that says a lot about human rights violations throughout the world.
Anchored by a terrific performance by Shohreh Aghdashloo, The Stoning of Soraya M explores the disturbing lives of women in the more radical regions of the Middle East.
This movie is well acted, directed, edited and filmed, however, it is also depressing, uninspiring and sickening. Like a glacier, it moves slowly and inexorably towards its final conclusion.
The story is simple and compelling and the title leaves no doubt where the story is going. This is a powerful film for those willing to see its extreme violence.
The film does have a certain crude power. But that's part of the problem with it: It's too crude.
A laughably manipulative melodrama.
It is possible to support the journalistic ideal that no stoning should be left unturned while also championing better storytelling.
Whatever its dramatic flaws, and they are many, this is a movie that, in essence, is more than a movie.
Many films have shown more explicit (and often gratuitous) violence, but the impact is greater in this film as it is intensely personal ...
Often feels more like propaganda than drama.
At its best, The Stoning of Soraya M is a snapshot of how evil can spread among the utterly normal, the well-intentioned and the (at least to them) righteous.
It gets its point across with all the subtlety, sorry to say, of a rock upside the head.
Despite some wonderful performances, the plot plods inexorably and with sickening predictability towards the inevitable conclusion, but nothing can prepare us for the actual event, which Nowrasteh films in real time and in shocking detail.
Though The Stoning of Soraya M.' s heart is in the right place, its head is lost in storm clouds of anger.
The magnificent performance by Aghdashloo is worth the price of admission.
It's disappointing that such a serious issue and a passionate cry of outrage is cloaked in such a manipulative melodrama.
The spoiler is in the title of The Stoning of Soraya M., a powerful, relentlessly brutal drama about Iranian capital punishment.
Although The Stoning is efficiently made, it is ultimately a cheat.
This broadside against sharia law lacks the finesse of an import, but it's effectively melodramatic, particularly because of the strong performance of Iranian-born actress Shoreh Aghdashloo
The Stoning of Soraya M. is an important film that needs to be watched - especially considering the current world political climate.
At the end, when a photograph of the real Soraya flashes across the screen, your heart breaks for the poor woman, but your ears are relieved that the film has finally stopped shouting at you.
The gallant, educated, and sensitive outsider, will do right by Soraya, unlike the loathsome, fearful, and petty neighbors who killed her.
Perhaps the world needs to see these brutalities to open their eyes to the practice, and perhaps that makes The Stoning of Soraya M. noble and worth the price of admission.
The point that it's making about the treatment of women under traditional Islam and the inhumane modes of punishment still prevalent in many countries...is sufficiently important that, with all its flaws, it deserves to be seen.
A reasonable person might well add the issue to the agenda after enduring this at times unbearably violent agitprop drama, based on the true story of an Iranian woman stoned to death after being falsely accused by her husband of adultery.
Goes well beyond its angry didacticism and its specific indictment of men's oppression of women to achieve the impact of a Greek tragedy through its masterful grasp of suspense and group psychology, and some superb acting.
A powerful,riveting and important film sure to become one of the year's most controversial.
Fervidly but effectively makes the point how an entire community was complicit in a gruesome to watch honor killing.
[It] has strong performances and courageously exposes the horrifying, inhumane Islamic practice of stoning adulterers, but it suffers from poor character development and a contrived script that lacks subtlety, authenticity and emotional resonance.
Brilliant performances and the gripping horror of the ritualistic stoning of a woman to death make this truth-based narrative feature a modern day tragedy
Seeing this kind of injustice makes me feel challenged by Proverbs 31:8, 'Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves; ensure justice for those who are perishing.'
The film is plodding and simplistic.
The sort of film that gets its strength from subject matter rather than artistic choices, this sincere but unsubtle drama will likely earn additional attention due to its timeliness.
A riveting account of oppression, injustice and defiance.
The whole movie marches to that same, sad rhythm of unalterable horror, illuminated by Joel Ransom's brutal and beautiful cinematography. The sum is difficult to watch.
A shocking yet stately and powerful plea for women's rights.
The film maintains an enveloping power even as its flaws come into full view.
The film comes perilously close to reveling in the horror while revealing it. And dramatically, this is distressingly simple-minded fare: ugliness leads to ugliness.
The more dramatic the material, the more restrained the approach ought to be.
This gory, ham-fisted hybrid of social-issue picture and horror film exerts a crude but undeniable power.
Soraya's story seems like it could he a fine film, but this isn't it.
Like The Magdalene Sisters, Soraya M offers its audience only those appalling truths they want to know about the evils of an alien culture they are already inclined to look down upon.
The film, shot elegantly in color but with the dramatic feel of black and white, functions as a parable of power abused by the multitude. It takes a village to turn craven stupidity into fascist bestiality.
[A] shattering and powerful drama.
Iranian American director Cyrus Nowrasteh has amplified the basic elements of Suraya's story into the worst kind of exploitive Hollywood melodrama, presented under the virtuous guise of moral outrage.
It's so relentless that it's hard to imagine anyone willingly seeing it on purpose.
The Stoning of Soraya M. thoroughly blurs the line between high-minded outrage and lurid torture-porn.
An exploitative propaganda piece that seems to exist for only one queasy reason--to allow Western audiences to witness the sight of a woman being brutally stoned to death in a sequence staged with all the sadistic delectation of a slasher movie.
What keeps us watching is the path -- from outrage, to fear, to resigned martyrdom -- of Mozhan Marno, who plays the blameless victim, and the speak-truth-to-power courage of Aghdashloo as her tireless advocate, desperately looking for justice.
This is less a movie than a blunt instrument, a bit of political parable, a bit more outrage, and nary a scrap of real drama or finesse.
Anyone who thought "The Passion of the Christ," with which this film shares producer Stephen McEveety and star Caviezel, was its own form of torture porn, be forewarned.
The Stoning Of Soraya M. crawls forward in excruciating slow motion toward the inevitable day when sinners cast the first, second, third, and fourth (etc.) stone, stacking the deck at every turn along the way.
The Stoning of Soraya M. has such a powerful stoning sequence that I recommend it if only for its brutal ideological message.
The expansive dramatic approach makes sense, even at its most cringe-inducing, as Stoning is a picture created solely to disturb and provoke, not educate. With those goals in mind, the film is a smashing success.
Graphically depicts the horrors inflicted on an innocent woman in an Iranian village, the result of a fatal combination of a patriarchal society, tribal traditions, and Islamic fundamentalism.
Right now, you're better off just watching the news.
The Stoning of Soraya M. functions as a message-movie slasher film.
...there is something condescending and judgmental in the filmmaker's subtext that seems to exonerate Western culture as somehow less complicit in the atrocious murders that it commits against innocent and guilty citizens alike.
The movie suffers from problems that plague other message-social protest films and from helmer's lack of technical experience, but there's no denying of its thematic significance in stressing sexism, barabric punishment, mob rule and mass tyranny.
A devastating (albeit didactic and conventional) indictment of religious extremism as practiced in one Iranian village.
It is impossible not to be moved by such a heartbreaking story.
...reduces an admittedly devastating subject matter to a series of eye-rollingly hoary clichés and stereotypes.






@highlight

The Stoning of Soraya M. nearly transcends its deficiencies through the sheer strength of its subject material, but ultimately drowns out its message with an inappropriately heavy-handed approach.