Déjà Vu is a gimmick picture, pure and simple. It tries hard to graft an emotional story of lost chances onto the gimmick, but ultimately the gimmick wins out.
An intriguing proposal squandered on a well-oiled hack mechanism
The time machine element of the movie gets hokey, but the visuals are intriguing and director Tony Scott wrenches suspense and tension from every scene.
Towards the end it gets a little tiresome and hokey. But the ride of the first two-thirds is well worth the journey.
ve%u0107 vi%u0111eno
Like its protagonist, you may find yourself wanting to see it more than once to appreciate how everything fits together - which earns Deja Vu the status of a classic, at least for the future.
You'll get a headache from trying to apply plot logic to it . . .
A mind-bogglingly stupid and phoney time-travel thriller conveniently set in a present-day politically correct, pre-9/11 fantasy world where Hollywood's idea of the perfect terrorist is a Timothy McVeigh-style white American male.
In spite of its title, few will want to hit rewind to visit the movie again.
Even for time travel enthusiasts who'll see story holes big enough to drive the ferry through, this can be a fun movie. Just don't think too hard about it.
...we've seen it all before.
It's a hard movie to hate, just one that's far too easy to forget.
Certainly Tony Scott's best movie since Enemy of the State, and probably since the Tarantino-scripted True Romance.
Déjà Vu is one film that you'll be happy to revisit %u2014 whether it's to deconstruct the plot, pore over the science or just rerun as a great, engaging, adult adventure.
O filme apresenta um conceito tão interessante que, confesso, a idéia de ver novas aventuras centradas nesta premissa é algo que me agradaria.
The script, however, is a little less rickety than a FEMA trailer.
It may not make total sense, but Déjà vu is a highly enjoyable, superbly made thriller. Like me, you may want to see it again
None of the cast are going to win Oscars for this, but then they're not meant to. Instead, all involved expertly keep the plot moving forward towards a reasonably satisfying ending.
Take away a couple of neatly staged action sequences and you're left with a callously measured slab of US jingoism that deals with the most horrific human tragedies in the most lunk-headed and insulting way possible.
Time-travel gimmick aside, the title is apt, because it feels like we've seen all of this before. Disappointing.
It's Denzel himself, ambling through the nonsense with just the right degree of twinkling insouciance, who keeps you watching. Good fun.
This slight variation on the time travel theme will engage you to the extent that you are able to forgive a script which repeatedly relies on cartoon physics to explain away every improbable plot development
Scott manages to keep his rhythm high and the tension spiking, without causing migranes. Which is pretty much a first in a long time.
Basically entertaining, but it disappointingly drops off from a promising start of spiritually poignant, popular-science fun and whiz-bang action to an autopilot conclusion.
With two lines of dialogue, The Matrix had more to say about the phenomenon of deja vu than an entire movie with the same title.
The mind-bending story is enough to keep us interested, although the film is bloated and needlessly overcomplicated.
I felt cheated.
An unforeseen mix of action, sci-fi, and even a hint of romance, Deja Vu's pleasures are in delivering what we don't see coming.
A high-tech thriller that reaches too far with its themes of time travel and a life-saving miracle.
Although it's not being touted as a science-fiction movie, that's most certainly the genre in which "Deja Vu" belongs.
Not a thing about this story withstands two second's worth of scrutiny.
While not as nasty as Man on Fired, Scott's apparently indestructable dreadfulness is in full display in Deja Vu.
Watching Washington determinedly negotiate one out-there plot turn after another, often with a big disbelieving grin on his face, is almost enough.
Déjà Vu isn't meant for heavy thinking; it's simply designed as entertainment. On that level, it's hard to fault.
It's delivered with an assured pacing and discovery where the story is still revealing itself after the first act.
By the time Carlin climbs into the time machine, you realize that a Marty McFly cameo might be the only way to salvage this dreary plunge into preposterousness.
Nobody does vapid bollocks as enjoyably as Tony Scott, and while this isn't as inventive as Man On Fire or as compelling as Crimson Tide, it's still the right side of dumb.
Tony Scott's energy and skill overwhelm questions of taste and plot inconsistencies, helping elevate Déjà Vu into a large-scale and extremely good-looking adventure.
There's scarcely a moment in the film that is plausible, but that's okay. This is fantasy, and it's fantasy that is entertaining and suspenseful throughout.
Rarely have [producer] Bruckheimer and [director] Scott been so upfront about insulting people's intelligence.
All that rot about the weird feeling of thinking you've met someone before and how there's clues in the sensation to how it's not just a feeling after all? What a load of rubbish. None of it -- none -- bears even the remotest resemblance to the act
Nobody looks cooler walking in slow motion through a crime scene while wearing sunglasses than Denzel Washington -- but even the great Denzel can't save Déjà Vu.
Scott's direction added to Washington and Patton's charm prevents the flawed Déjà Vu from being fatally ridiculous.
If I could go back in time I would prevent Dominos from adding brownie squares to their pizza menu.
This is an excellent popcorn movie...
I'm not sure what the movie's tagline %u2013 "If you thought it was just a trick of the mind, prepare yourself for the truth," %u2013 is supposed to mean. The tricks in Déjà Vu aren't as clever as one would hope, and there is no truth about anything
This leap from contemporary coppish thriller into science fiction is initially jarring, but soon revealed as the thematic point.
A stylish, engrossing popcorn thriller with a few unexpected rewards -- as long as you don't think about it too hard.
The movie's biggest charm is its unpredictable, offbeat tone.
The fleetingly satisfying Déjà Vu is ultimately a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Slick production with top-notch effects, stunts and acting talent.
Denzel Washington infuses this sci-fi thriller with humanity and realism, despite a plot that would befuddle even the creator of Star Trek.
The time travel in 'Deja Vu' boggled my mind completely, and I'm still scratching my head trying to figure the whole thing out.
Pretty dazzling, as action adventures go, even when it's wildly, almost defiantly, implausible.
Denzel Washington is a fiery, dart-eyed action star.Denzel Washington is a fiery, dart-eyed action star.
Loud, noisy and not nearly as smart as it thinks it is.
The movie manages the singular feat of placing a science-fiction premise in a realistic setting, only to render that premise even more far-fetched than it would have seemed otherwise.
Most of the time-twisting plot is stuff moviegoers have seen before.
What gives the film its jolt of urgency is its New Orleans setting. Déjà Vu is the first major movie to be shot there since the city's devastation.
If it isn't the brilliant film it could have been, Déjà Vu still contains enough flashes of that film to make it entertaining while you're watching it.
Who woulda thunk that crap-meister Tony Scott could be so in tune with the spirit of the times?
Tony Scott must've finally taken his Ritalin.
Loses its bearings in hokum.
Déjà Vu isn't as sleek a genre pleasure as Enemy of the State, but it does have a freaky little trick up its sleeve.
Deja Vu attempts to explain the 'science' behind the movie's time-jumping, but in a drama that's contemporary and supposedly realistic, it comes off as cockamamie.
An utterly preposterous but entertaining sci-fi action brain-bender, this 'what if?' tale makes high-tech hay with the idea that deja vu isn't just a hiccup in the neural circuitry.
The movie's saved by an appealing star, a swift pace and a vivid setting.
[A] needlessly complicated and confusing thriller.
Cheesy at moments, but also well-crafted and elevated by Washington's singular blend of charisma, intelligence and tenacity.
A flabby, tasteless, and nonsensical thriller from Tony Scott that starts off with a bang but quickly devolves into the ridiculous.
Déjà Vu is well worth seeing for its visual brio, particularly the boom-crash opera of the ferry explosion, and a chase scene in which Washington is dodging downtown traffic on two temporal planes simultaneously.
Deja Vu manages to take its premise, about unique surveillance technology that allows investigators to revisit past events, and expand it into an interesting narrative.
Washington and Scott manage to make Deja Vu perfectly watchable, no matter how many times we've seen this before.
Deja Vu starts out a lot like an expensive-looking episode of CSI before morphing into a solidly entertaining time-traveling romance.
Ed Wood, notorious as the worst film director in history, could have made the $80 million Jerry Bruckheimer time-travel thriller Déjà Vu for about $99.95 and it would have been just as believable.
Déjá Vu is an exceptionally average action thriller that has too little of both.
The usually enjoyable time-travel paradoxes about how changing the past would affect the present coming off as more annoying intrusions than anything else.
This headache-inducing Back to the Future /CSI hybrid will have you wanting to travel back in time to buy a ticket for another movie.
Deja Vu gets mighty close to goofy from time to time, but Washington pulls it all back together -- sometimes, it seems, just by being there.
Definition of redundant: A formulaic Hollywood pic that calls itself Déjà Vu.
A quirk-filled, paranoid, blood-and-sweat thriller that offers perfect pulse-racing escape for a holiday weekend.
DéjÀ Vu is so cleverly thought out and is conceived, directed and acted that the leaps in both logic and scientific theory are more fun to make than they are to ponder.
An often-engaging if not especially believable thriller.
Deja Vu takes you on a wonderfully twisting and turning journey that often will leave you wondering and perhaps confused -- but ultimately leaves you with a satisfying and totally logical explanation when the credits role.
Usually a Scott-Bruckheimer production sends you home wanting a shower. But here they've caught the movie's unstoppable bayou spirit and send you home on a high.
If you stop thinking and just go with the flow, there's some talented actors who are doing their best to distract you from the hokum.
Grinds its gears while slipping from one genre to the other, but I bet you'll be pretty intrigued to see how it all turns out.
When all else fails, Scott and producer Jerry Bruckheimer pile on the car crashes and explosions - and you definitely have experienced those before.
Tony Scott's new film isn't as concerned with playing around or cooking up new innovations as it is in finding a new way to sell the same old chase story.
Simply put, Déjà Vu has too much explaining to do, and even then, the ending -- which I can't discuss -- feels like a cheat.
...consistently entertaining and surprisingly intelligent...
If you can surrender to the film's crazy convictions, it's a popcorn-munching wild ride worth taking.
Intense and intriguing, it's an action-packed techno-thriller that makes you think.
[T]he plot opens up the standard can of wormholes that plague time-travel stories.... Even ignoring the problems introduced by time travel, we have to accept [a long list of things that make no sense].
A hugely entertaining high-octane action suspense thriller.
This is a smart, fleet-footed action drama -- with sci-fi thrown in for good measure -- that benefits from Tony Scott's energy without succumbing to his hyperactivity.
Pure edge-of-the-seat material.
It's Rear Window with a modern techno twist.
Perhaps too many outside forces, from Katrina to Tony Scott, were dead set against allowing Déjà Vu to be anything resembling a fun roller coaster ride.
Audiences have the choice of either going with the flow and accepting the premise on face value or missing out on the fun of a good action film by getting stuck on how it all actually works
Their title can't reflect what it promises to deliver other than exposing the phenomenon of cinematic monotony; an event more frequent than you could possibly believe.
A thrilling, mind bending mystery with action that keeps your heart pumping
...may be the first Tony Scott movie that makes you itchy in a good way.
starts off with a high-octane opening and seldom slows down, which means that most viewers won't have time to think about the logical inconsistencies of the film's story.
As Yogi Berra so eloquently put it, 'this is like deja vu all over again.'
The picture is slick entertainment to be sure, but it's so expertly crafted slick entertainment that even though a part of me knows better I can't help but admitting to falling in love with it.
A heart-pounding thriller with a time-travel twist, "Deja Vu" will not leave you thinking you've seen it all before.
Washington is so casually, inherently likable that he makes wending through the movie's multiple implausibilities easier to bear.
puts Tony Scott back on track
Déjà Vu cannot escape the weight of its murky science, action-film formula and preposterous ending.
An action flick in which the gaudy pyrotechnics are nowhere near as jaw-dropping as the screenplay that name-checks not one, not two, but three national tragedies.
[A] lavishly mounted, compulsively exciting and intellectually intriguing year-end thriller.
Lacks suspense, originality, and a credible romance.
I can't help feeling I've seen it all before.
Having exhausted virtually every action movie cliché known to man, Tony Scott has finally figured out that he didn't make a time travel movie yet. So here it is, with Denzel Washington in the lead, and it's actually pretty damn good.
If you want your films to add up logically, you're welcome to take your calculator somewhere else. But if you do, you will be missing out on some first-class genre fun.
A film that exceeds expectations. Without skimping on the thrills and action, Déjà Vu is surprisingly thoughtful in its observations regarding the possible repercussions of tampering with the past.
Apparently someone finally gave attention-deficit director Tony Scott some Ritalin, because Deja Vu is the most straight-forward and effective piece of filmmaking he's delivered in quite a few years.
It's preposterous, but never dull: Scott whips the action into a taut, tasty lather.
The SF hardware (enjoyable) and thriller mechanics (mechanical) of this Jerry Bruckheimer slam-banger don't mesh very well with reflection, and the action trumps most evidence of thought.
If you can swallow one of the most elaborate and absurd time-machine gimmicks imaginable, you can have a good time at Deja Vu.
Washington has powered through thrillers like this before, always managing to make the best of dubious material.
Déjà Vu gives you the feeling that you've seen parts of this movie before. Only, the parts were all from better films.
There are no surprises to be had.
I got that eerie feeling of déjà vu about an hour in ... While Washington gives a big easy performance we've seen before, Jim Caviezel's mad bomber at least is no dud.
Ranks with The Final Countdown (1980) at the top of the time warp movie list.
You want us to believe that time travel is possible, fine. But first get your script tight enough that the audience's disbelief isn't suspended by a single, rapidly fraying thread.
Deja vu is French for 'Haven't I seen this somewhere before?' That reaction will be widespread among audiences for Deja Vu.
While Déjà Vu is appropriately titled, it's also an enjoyable mystery that ranks with the producer's [Jerry Bruckheimer] best.
Déjà Vu has enough style and forward (or is it backward) momentum to viewers aroused.
When so many movies are predictable cookie-cutter affairs, it makes one appreciate the flawed Déjà Vu for the risks it takes and the heady imagination it implores.
Fortunately, this completely ridiculous plot is somewhat salvaged via the casting of a quality actor. Unfortunately for Denzel Washington, he's the actor.
A taut, involving thriller.
Give Deja Vu enormous credit for solving the main problem that has afflicted time-travel movies for decades; the most recent entry in the rewriting-reality genre is tense, well-acted and smart.
At least N'Orleans got production dollars from this film. What do we get? Lack of originality that starts with the title, used for feature films in 1985, 1988 and 1997.
Déjà Vu impresses with both the complexity of its storyline and its willingness to allow things to develop at their own pace without interjecting a lot of needless action scenes into the early proceedings to keep viewers attentive.
Preposterous? You bet. Romantic? Perversely.
Thinking about Deja Vu for three seconds makes the entire thing fall apart faster than Johnny Knoxville's Oscar chances.
Just a middle-grade action-adventure with pretensions and serious script problems.
This intriguing action-thriller doesn't challenge or demand too much from the viewer.
Whether or not you get that nagging sensation that you've seen Deja Vu before, your brain will seriously hurt trying to figure out whether its central gimmick works. (It doesn't.)
Cinema's natural felicities for time and action have seldom felt as beautifully dovetailed. And even when the plot in Bill Marsilii and Terry Rossio's script begins to push plausibility, it stays grounded in Washington's emotional drive.
A slick and enjoyable popcorn film, but lacks any real depth or smarts that could set it apart
Tony Scott doesn't even wait for Deja Vu to properly begin before employing the spastic visual stylings that are his calling card.
As this spine-tingler proves, it pays to be forward thinking.
Fans of Washington and/or the endless possibilities to be explored in the more esoteric parts physics might find enough here to warrant the investment of 128 minutes
A sci-fi whodunit and howdunit, Déjà Vu does an explosive job of mixing romance with political thrills, action, and suspense.
A thoroughly intriguing mindblower of a techno-thriller.
After the flop of Domino, Scott has made a preposterously plotted sci-fi-thriller that shows his penchant for and state of the art technology but also increasing insensitivity to narrative logic.










@highlight

Tony Scott tries to combine action, science fiction, romance, and explosions into one movie, but the time travel conceit might be too preposterous and the action falls apart under scrutiny.