It's when our grasping for digestible concepts, clear causality, or anything resembling resolution is as thwarted as the characters' struggle to articulate or take action, that we're in the best position to absorb Pontypool's full impact.
I liked it, with some reservations.
Pontypool's very resonant, localized fright, is to make sense of - to define - the inexplicable.
Pontypool has an awful lot going for it. It's technically well made, well acted, creepy, funny, and weird. It's the kind of movie that, if it's seen in the right place and right time, can really have an effect on you.
Tightly scripted (Tony Burgess) and directed (Bruce McDonald), but Stephen McHattie's Mazzy is the star!
Alarmingly intelligent and deeply disorienting, Pontypool plays as a radically different film upon subsequent viewings, its metaphor-filled dialogue seeming to shift and alter in meaning with every scene.
A winning combination of shuddery suspense and intelligent observations.
As a horror fan, this high-minded Talk Radio of the Living Dead left me as cold as a Pontypool winter.
Its a mighty strange beast, an intellectual B-movie that offers equal parts semiotics and projectile gore.
Laurie Anderson would be proud: language is a virus in [this] zombie(-esque) thriller set almost entirely within the walls of a basement radio station.
Interesting zombie flick. A little too claustrophobic with all of the scenes in a makeshift radio station. Too much description and not enough action, almost like War of the World's radio broadcast. Still, worth watching once. Paul Chambers, CNN.
This year Canada's PONTYPOOL ranks as high as any United States science fiction films I have seen.
This low-budget picture is a little too claustrophobic, and it grows tedious. The ominous, overbearing musical score tries but fails to jack up the tension.
An entertaining cerebral chiller.
Compellingly apocalyptic.
An original take on genre movies of its kind.
Inventive and genuinely suspenseful, this is a welcome addition to the expanding zombie/virus canon.
This cerebral horror movie plays Scrabble with the genre's cinematic lingo.
This unsettlingly quirky account of semiological breakdown and small-town apocalypse plays like My Winnipeg for fans of intellectual horror. Pontypool is as astonishing as it is original, and amply repays multiple viewings.
It's always an unexpected bonus in a zombie film to find the brains evident in the screenplay rather than splattered all over the scenery.
An utterly baffling and stunningly boring zombie horror thriller.
Tight as a drum and the most inventive spin on a zombie-plague premise in years.
An immersive film built on inference and interrupted signals rather than cheap shock-jock tactics. But the question remains: why the hell didn't they call it Dead Air?
Ignore the shaky tongue-tied opening fifteen minutes; when Pontypool gets its words in order it reminds you how much creepy fun can be had in keeping the horror tantalisingly offscreen.
Big on atmos, low on incident, this claustrophobic chiller captures the hysteria of a town flailing on the frontline of disaster.
Talky and claustrophobic, Pontypool is a mash-up of Orson Welles' notorious The War of the Worlds radio broadcast and George A. Romero's Night of the Living Dead, with a tone and cast that's reminiscent of John Carpenter's Assault on Precinct 13.
Too much jaw, not enough gore.
In its best moments the film offers an entertaining throwback to the Seventies heyday of John Carpenter and David Cronenberg, when a creepy situation could be just as effective as a burst of stomach-churning special effects.
Bruce McDonald directs a tiptop cast. Tony Burgess, scripting from his own novel, clearly saw the grand guignol potential in the computer virus, in the way great plagues can be planted in tiny units of understanding.
McHattie and Houle are terrific as the besieged duo.
Given the tiny budget and Tony Burgess's weak satirical premise, it's a convincing little entertainer.
Pontypool is an absolute treat, thanks to an original, offbeat premise, a clever script, great direction and a terrific central performance.
This is one of those little films that proves that you don't need a blockbuster budget to make a high-concept movie. McDonald and Burgess create a mass-chaos apocalyptic thriller with essentially just three characters in a windowless room.
A masterclass in building horror atmosphere. Finally, it's a zombie film with the one thing zombies have been crying out for all these years: BRRAAAIIINNNSS.
In an era of generic horror films, this has enough ideas to stand out.
This is the sort of film that warrants a second viewing.
Pontypool is a gripping thriller, juiced up by macabre humor and intelligent social commentary.
throws up so many Freudian slips, mixed metaphors and free-associative leaps that in the end the main characters' (and our own) grip on reality comes unstuck, and the unfolding apocalypse takes on a positively Saussurean aspect.
However shrewdly contrived to keep its budget low, Pontypool, set almost entirely in a basement radio station, is a zombie flick sans bite.
I have to give kudos to McDonald and Burgess for refreshing the zombie genre in ways I never thought possible.
Pontypool loses what easily could have been a great story.
...most of the pleasures the movie offers are visceral, from the silken roar of character actor McHattie's FM shock jock voice and the bloody meltdown of a production assistant to the bizarro epilogue appended to the credits.
It's perfectly modulated horror of the imagination, à la Orson Welles' adaptation of The War of the Worlds, with potent ideas about what corrupts, inspires, subverts, and engages us.
For a while, this claustrophobic little horror movie is a dark little treat.
If you're a devotee of the deranged mind of Canadian indie auteur Bruce McDonald, then I can just tell you that he's made a horror movie (kind of) and that Pontypool is it.
With any luck, it will develop the cult it deserves because while its urgency makes it an easy target, Pontypool's new ideas are commendably gripping.
A film that wrings its terror not from gruesome imagery or sudden visual jolts but through a smart psychological rendering of our universal fear of the unknown.
A a genre-busting maverick of a movie, guarenteed to infuriate and astonish in equal numbers ... if you like your shocks laced with brain-teasing creepiness, Pontypool is the way to go.
Gore fans hoping for buckets of blood will be disappointed; thoughtful horror fans who appreciate that a truly scary movie is mostly in your head will love it.
Effective and spooky and definitely smarter than your average studio fare, Pontypool is an off-the-wall little offering that rewards viewers looking for something different.
Wildly entertaining and inventive. It's a clever and thrilling combination of horror and satire.
Pontypool is a sinister symphony told in three distinct and very diverse macabre movements.
Part of a new breed of highbrow 'concept' horror that shrugs off and/or embraces the constraints of limited production means and instead picks at the nasty mental scabs of what truly unnerves, Pontypool has the twin advantages of a provocative prem
A horror flick that's all talk and (almost) no action? The risk pays off better than you'd think.
What's a zombie movie without zombies? A dull zombie movie.
There are dozens of zombie films worse than Pontypool and hardcore genre fans may find something to like, but casual aficionados of the undead should shuffle on.
In Bruce McDonald's suitably weird zombie movie, the coin of the shock jock's own realm -- language -- is the source of all the trouble.
McDonald propels things at a velocity that keeps you watching long after it's stopped making sense.
A small Canadian horror film that makes the most of its minuscule budget.
The latest evidence that you don't need a lot of money to make an effectively chilling horror movie.
Sometimes gets bogged down in its own weirdness, but a genuinely unique piece of horror filmmaking.
a frightening little Canadian chiller
The film works as a tour de force for McHattie -- a veteran character actor making the most of his character's long, fluid monologues -- and as a sly commentary on journalistic responsibility.
The kind of heady independent horror that scares critics more than fans, starts with the cocksureness of Talk Radio and heads for the seismic territory of something like Tracy Letts's psychomeltdown Bug.
Think of this witty, economically gory little tour de force as 28 Days Later written by  linguist Noam Chomsky.
Hemmed in by theatrically bound staging, "Pontypool" is an overly inflated zombie flick that makes overtures to a weighty theme of social consciousness that the screenwriters are ill-prepared to fulfill.
If it wasn't so boring, the dialogue would be a laugh a minute. The acting is so abominable that the cast is better off unmentioned.
For a film about the perils of too much talk, there's quite a lot of babbling presented as profundity.
Pontypool is, in all senses, brain food -- and juicy.
Pontypool at least manages to amuse (a spur-of-the-moment on-air obituary is priceless) as well as consistently intrigue, right up to a bizarro post-credits epilogue that seems beamed in from Sin City.
No mere make love not war mantra, while gritty and conceptually hard core, this is masterfully unbridled reality check get even gore targeting media propaganda in collusion with manipulative government agendas.
While PONTYPOOL is a thought-provoking and suspenseful film, some of the flaws will really take the audience out of the movie.
It's movies like Pontypool that give the term 'psychogical thriller' a good connotation. All in all, destined to be one of the best indies of the year.
Blending elements of 'Talk Radio' with '28 Days,' it's not your usual zombie picture.
Talk Radio meets 28 Days Later. Somehow Pontypool makes it work - if you don't mind the lack of gore.
...poses some interesting ethical issues on the responsibility of the media, but like many a Stephen King novel ("Insomnia" comes to mind), solid characters and a great build are undone by a silly underlying premise.
As much about ideas as it is about generating scares, the film is an arresting linguistic mystery.
McDonald's limiting the action to the radio studio induces claustrophobia and then devolves into staginess.
'Pontypool' succeeds where many a less intelligent, purely visceral-visual movie leaves us cold.
Riddled with nail-biting tension and scenes that are quite simply scary as hell, Pontypool as of now is on my best of list for 2009.
...ultimately undone by its increasingly outlandish premise...
The judicious use of humour makes the fear seem all the more real.
Bruce McDonald's ingenious little horror playlet is more like a particularly claustrophobic episode of the original Twilight Zone, with flashes of absurdist humour.
Pontypool is ultimately a testament to its frequently besieged director's audacity and vision.


@highlight

Witty and restrained but still taut and funny, this Pontypool is a different breed of low-budget zombie film.