If the director intended to elicit truths about the terrors of marriage, or the difficulties of a mother-daughter relationship, he has failed comprehensively.
Rising star Woodley is adding some raunchiness to her image; but her failure to make foul-mouthed, overly sex-obsessed Kat particularly likeable is symptomatic of the film's own weakness for posture over substance.
No Gregg Araki film is a waste of time, and White Bird in a Blizzard is no exception.
Events are ultimately spelled out in a way that betrays a novel one would have thought was not good enough to be betrayed.
Kudos to Woodley -- star of a major film franchise, the young-adult dystopian The Divergent Series -- for taking on more unusual projects.
Araki's latest drama is a refreshingly frank coming-of-age story, featuring another great performance from Woodley.
Woodley reminds us that she's not just the hippie queen of YA adaptations, but a bracing actress who's not averse to taking some gutty risks.
It's Woodley who steals the show with her underplayed and heartbreaking performance as a girl suddenly bereft of her overbearing mother.
A misguided personal trip that rambles confusedly between drama and mystery, without guaranteeing genuine interest. [Full Review in Spanish]
A very recomendable film based on the novel writen by Laura Kasischke. [Full review in Spanish]
This movie slowly changes genre into film noir, with two great femme fatale's. [Full review in Spanish]
Araki's style is all over the film and the ending is trademark, but the film ends up being a dissappointment. [Full review in Spanish]
Araki never digs deep enough, wasting the opportunity to expose Kat's resentments.
This should be a profound character study, but the cliched use of flashbacks and the mawkish elements to the piece detract heavily from our own enjoyment.
This dreamy/nightmarish weirdie finds Araki reining in his anarchic excesses with rewarding results, as his satirical sensuality reaps the benefits of a heavily orchestrated deadpan formality.
Anyone familiar with Shailene Woodley from such wholesome cinematic fare as young-adult weepie The Fault in Our Stars will be in for a shock when they encounter her no-holds-barred, all-flesh-bared performance in White Bird in a Blizzard.
Araki blends film noir-like elements with an engagingly offbeat, Adrian Mole-like look at adolescence.
Shailene Woodley stars in a mystery thriller/coming-of-age drama that earns its third star from a kicker of a twist ending.
Is cinema broken? How is that a film by a director as significant as Gregg Araki ends up with such a tiny release? And an excellent film, at that?
Araki has a habit of slowly fading from one scene to the next, perhaps in an effort to create a brooding atmosphere, but it's just plain soporific and the occasional bit of dry comedy offers scant relief.
The film is uneven, but it's fairly effective as a portrait of sexual awakenings during adolescence, even if there's nothing in it that you haven't seen before.
Not unlike most teenagers, it's a bit strange but a lot deeper than it looks. And it knows how to keep a secret.
The film falls to pieces at the end, but this is a watchable, well-acted drama, and Woodley gets better and better.
A more restrained effort from Araki than the headrush of Kaboom, there's plenty of fun to be had in Eva Green's Joan Crawford-esque turn as the vanished lady.
An absorbing portrait of a woman, Gregg Araki continues to play exquisite corpse with film form.
There's an unusual honesty to this film, which is an odyssey into the inner life of a teen girl...
Is this a coming-of-age story or a whodunit? This heightened, luxurious melodrama...makes you wonder if the two genres are quite as different as you first thought.
Misses the energy and vitality of Gregg Araki's best work, but there's more going on here than immediately meets the eye.
What's behind the surface of Araki's film is just more surface... little of its psychological explorations hold great weight.
When is a thriller not a thriller? When it gets mixed up with a slow-moving coming-of-age tale about an intensely uninteresting teenager.
This is an interesting story. Not a lot happens in this plot, but the characters are so well-drawn and the performances are so good, that it was a pleasure to follow this story to its conclusion.
White Bird in a Blizzard is based on the declamatory 1999 novel by Laura Kasischke, and is adapted to film in a more surreal way than the novel by the flamboyant Araki.
"A melodrama about numbness and detachment, writer-director Gregg Araki's adaptation of Laura Kasischke's novel is a paradox on paper and an anesthetized dud on screen."
'You scratch the surface and there's just... more surface', Kat intones at one point. Well, quite. But it's an enjoyable surface to scratch.
"White Bird in a Blizzard" lingers in the mind long past its conclusion, a coming-of-age mystery with a dynamic lead heroine and an oddness that never loses sight of its resonance.
Green in particular seems to be channeling the bride of Frankenstein for half her scenes. It's an awkward mix of styles, and it doesn't work.
A middling mystery wrapped up inside an even more hackneyed coming-of-age tale.
The uneven film features some evocative imagery but too often feels muddled instead of provocative.
Part satire of Depeche Mode-era suburbia, part haunting exploration of maternal loss, it never settles into a satisfying groove.
An enjoyable, if uneven, adaptation of Laura Kasischke's coming-of-age novel about a teenage girl whose mother vanishes into thin air.
It's not a perfect film by any means - it moves slowly and meanders at times - but "White Bird" looks terrific, and for the most part features acting that's smart and subtle.
'White Bird in a Blizzard" develops engine trouble early on, right around the time it asks us to accept Eva Green as a desperate suburban housewife.
Oh, the small-town/suburban horror of it all.
"White Bird in a Blizzard" is an odd little concoction, a coming-of-age story that, only in passing, is also a mystery.
There's a fine line between stylized and campy, and Araki defiantly crosses it, in any number of cringe-in-your-seat, can-you-believe-this-dialogue, my-gosh-that-feels-fake moments.
"White Bird" isn't about the disappearance of a mother but, rather, the emergence of a young woman -- plus, a reminder that a young actress is continuing to come into her own.
[An] evocative, gorgeous, occasionally maddening film.
Marries trite coming-of-age pap with half-hearted murder-mystery suspense to create a work of staggering pointlessness.
Grounding White Bird in a Blizzard and providing its warmth, however, is Woodley.
There is absolutely no sense of danger ... for that matter, there's little urgency at all to answering what should have been the story's primary question.
White Bird in a Blizzard is a vital coming-of-age piece first, and a mystery second.
An interesting companion piece to the current hit "Gone Girl" if not as compellingly-crafted. From a visual standpoint, though, it is (director Gregg) Araki's most accomplished and eye-pleasing film so far.
I'm not suggesting that all films need a grand purpose, but "White Bird in a Blizzard" doesn't work as mystery or character study.
Araki's campy-clunky, crass-for-crass'-sake adaptation of the 1999 novel by Laura Kasischke needed a full rethink.
All this sounds a lot more fun than it actually is.
"White Bird in a Blizzard" is a film that doesn't quite know what it wants to be.
"White Bird in a Blizzard" is an alibi for Mr. Araki to flex his considerable muscle as a visual artist, using a palette that ranges from the blissful to the grotesque ...
Woodley's depiction of Kat is low-key, natural and utterly unaffected; as she has in every role, she makes the character her own, with her scratchy little voice and level gaze.
Its elements don't really cohere.
lurid camp
Araki's beautifully told films make you feel warm and fuzzy... revealing a latent darkness that leaves you unsafe and unsettled. And these warring sensibilities have never felt more at odds (or at home) than in the campy, creeping dread of 'White Bird.'
For all the metaphors about invisible fowl and hyperrealism, the film is finite when it had potential to linger.
It's a highly digressive film that keeps getting lost in worm holes - at once meandering and, in its individual passages, tightly focused.
If [Woodley's] so capable in a film misfire like this, imagine her next solid production.
With Woodley and Green nailing every note, and Araki infusing each beautifully shot scene with creeping menace, White Bird In A Blizzard's somewhat familiar story remains altogether mesmerizing.
Beyond the prurient, there's not much of interest in this dour portrait of middle-class family values.
Araki dutifully emphasizes the emptiness that arrives after suffering the loss of a parent.
It's Woodley's typically forthright, heartfelt performance that keeps White Bird aloft.
There's simply not enough of the rude passion that must have drawn Woodley to work with Araki in the first place.
[A] clunky, ugly and dull mash-up of a mystery about a missing housewife - and her daughter's sexual coming of age.
White Bird In A Blizzard has a distinctive, candy-coated look, sort of like if David Lynch designed snow-globes.
Araki has never made a boring movie, even if his brand of too-fast-too-soon sexual awakening has become something of a crutch.
If the results are occasionally broad and schematic, the actors (Woodley especially) are anything but ...
Shailene Woodley, she who can do no wrong, finally makes a misstep in this embarrassing erotic coming-of-age mystery/thriller
Although ostensibly a mystery about the disappearance of a middle-class suburban housewife and mother, there is little in the way of dramatic urgency or psychological insight into the central role of the bereft daughter.
Too slow-moving for a thriller, but the film's shocking twist ending makes it almost worth waiting for.
Gregg Araki's film suggests a hothouse melodrama that's been drained of the hothouse, the melodrama, and any other discernably dramatic stakes.
Gregg Araki has lost his sting.
Loss pierces every moment of this melancholy mystery where everyone appears to be frozen in time and evil lurks behind suburbia's respectable facade.
Involving coming-of-age drama disguised as a psychological thriller.
White Bird in a Blizzard is styled like a Sirkian melodrama in which the bright and shiny surface conceals a bitterly ironic critique of American suburbia.
The truest mark of Araki's success with this very good if flawed film may be that its finale, while completely telegraphed, is still moving -- tear-jerking, even.
White Bird in a Blizzard is worth seeing for Eva Green's performance alone, and to experience the dreamlike quality of Gregg Araki's individual, highly unique vision of cinema.
Too much good stuff to dismiss, despite a dull and desultory plot.
A colourful, but turgid coming-of-age story masquerading as a thriller.
An intermittently intriguing and haunting affair.
It's easy to be distracted by (and possibly even to dismiss) "White Bird" as a tarted-up Nancy Drew mystery without recognizing it's a complex take on how teens must break away from their parents to become their own person.


@highlight

Part suburban thriller, part sexual awakening drama -- and fully convincing as neither -- White Bird in a Blizzard rests a little too heavily on Shailene Woodley's typically superlative work.