Patrice Leconte has taken a story about male friendship, in all its posturing and potential vulnerability, and turned it into a light, smart, crowd-pleasing comedy.
Leconte has crafted an at once thoughtful, engaging, lighthearted, and melancholic entertainment about loneliness and friendship
This is a movie that sneaks up on you and grabs your heart before you know it. I would want to watch it with my best friend.
French though it may be, My Best Friend effectively addresses what is a universal human condition.
It isn't always believable, but it is entertaining and funny, with an edge to it.
A wonderful, rare film that portrays one of the most under-represented but universal human neuroses: the desire for friendship or platonic love.
Few films so directly address the question of friendship, the nature of friendship, and, most of all, the illusion that our acquaintances and our friends are the same thing.
Daniel Auteuil is reliable as usual.
You might well find it very silly, but it grew on me, and it's certainly based on an interesting premise.
If sex, gangsters, and killing Nazis are three of the most enlivening topics in the movies, then let us count friendship as one of the most tiresome, right up there with grooming horses and sharing for sheer thrills.
This is yet another demonstration of the staggering versatility of Auteuil, surely the finest French actor of his generation.
Auteuil and Boon's appealing performances keep the film engaging throughout, but it's easy to pine for a dark, challenging film with this premise, pitched more toward a harrowing emotional reckoning than this film's ambiguous but inevitable happy ending.
It's better when it's threatening, but Leconte knows his audience.
One looks to Leconte for some of the finest, most sophisticated and compassionate filmmaking coming out of France, not for a situation comedy.
My Best Friend's heart is in the right place, but its grasp on its characters isn't, well, the best.
Patrice Leconte's latest is a little light and a little telegraphed, but still quite enjoyable.
Very patchy with an unconvincing lead character.
So begins the dance for Patrice Leconte's film that, in the tradition of Norman McLaren (cross-reference below) is more a celebration of movement and music than a parable for our over-communicative, friend-lite, acquaintance-rich society.
This is one of the better films to come out of France this summer.
There's no great surprise in where this Odd Couple pairing is headed, but...it'sc quite enjoyable to tag along on the journey.
A sweetly surprising treatise on friendship.
... could be seen as a meditation on friendship and the mysterious chemistry that binds two people in a nonromantic relationship, it's really just a well-rendered buddy movie
Although Leconte allows for a certain warmth to run through the film, he thankfully stays away from sentimentality. Therein lays the charm.
Although it's not a French parlor farce, My Best Friend appears headed that way at times. Then it has the courage to ride a bittersweet wave to something more meaningful.
[Director] Leconte and his perfectly suited stars have given us one of those light comedies that carry a world of lovely weight.
At the movie's climax, they [the actors] bring new life to liberte, egalite and, of course, fraternite.
Often, to compensate for their smaller budgets, French films will substitute emotional or intellectual density and character development for costly production elements. But this also leads to high-concept farces of door-slamming simplicity.
If you can hang on through the contrived ending..., the warm byplay between Auteuil and Boon is worth savoring.
As an alleged witty comedy of humanistic charm, it sags in both, thanks to unfunny predicaments and a phony plot.
Patrice Leconte has taken a story about male friendship, in all its posturing and potential vulnerability, and turned it into a light, smart, crowd-pleasing comedy.
It's a pleasant enough diversion, but it's not really about human beings and contains not one genuine laugh.
The tone of the movie...saves it from its preposterous plot.
The always-dependable French director Patrice Leconte returns to the subject of friendship with another mordantly funny -- and unexpectedly touching -- odd-couple buddy comedy.
Resolutely predictable from the starting gate.
Watching it is like spending 90 minutes with a good friend: You'll revel in the pleasure of its company, and remember your time together with a smile.
Some of the best French films of the past 20 years have been made by Patrice Leconte.
Leconte and his co-writers and, especially, his actors take great pains to make this a story about two men you might actually encounter and not the sorts of cardboard figures that only appear in movies.
Leconte's film is nothing if not pleasantly entertaining in any language, and it will invariably get you thinking about whoever it is that qualifies as your best friend.
An unconvincing replica of the dizzy situation comedies that Hollywood poured out in double and triple bills in the thirties and forties (and went on making in the guise of TV sitcoms well into the nineties).
You'll laugh, but you may also be counting your friends on your fingers when you leave.
What is it with the French and farces stemming from dinner parties?
It was directed by Patrice Leconte, who makes intelligent films combining sympathy for his characters with a quick wit, a dark undertow and a love of human peculiarity.
The movie's reptilian setup doesn't do much to nurture a sense of mirth, and Auteuil is too likable an actor to make an effective SOB.
Leconte's writing is tight and nimble, and while the tests of the duo's friendship are facile, under the circumstances, they make sense.
None of this is exactly revolutionary, but the movie is thoughtful and, well, friendly.
... probably [Leconte's] lightest and sweetest to date.
... a mild-mannered farce ...
Poke through the easy sentimentality of My Best Friend and you'll find insightful and observant commentary on the need for connection and consumerism as an unsatisfactory antidote to alienation.
Expect to see this French film Americanized in the near future, but that's no reason to pass on the original.
Even if making friends is a task that usually lives on 'Sesame Street,' it's comforting to see a socially stunted man finally asking how to get there.
If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog, but if you want a friend in Paris, get a checkbook. That's the gist of Patrice Leconte's cynical-to-sentimental arc of a story upon which the clever Frenchman's new film, My Best Friend, is built.
You know that certain kind of foreign film? The one that just sort of sits there amiably and gets called stuff like "heartwarming" and "delightful" on the poster? ... My Best Friend fits snugly in the category above.
Infected with a joie de vivre that renders the project far more than a stock buddy picture.
...ripples with ironies as it approaches the beloved genre of the buddy movie from an initial premise of friendlessness.
A premise as love-it-or-leave-it as My Best Friend's requires a sure hand to steer it safely away from the excesses of wackiness or sentiment. Delightfully, the expert Patrice Leconte produces an unlikely comedy charmer.
Startlingly, the film embraces male friendship without any sign of a wink or a nod to gay panic.
It's so well done.
MY BEST FRIEND is an enjoyable soufflé that may get you to stop and ask yourself the question: do you have a best friend?
Another fascinating character study from French director Patrice Leconte who has proven himself quite adept at plumbing the depths of the human psyche by placing a couple of people with nothing in common in an emotionally-explosive predicament.
Missing a little something -- an interest in reaching out, a willingness to be silly, a fond and friendly talent for connecting.
There's always an element of humane piquancy -- sort of like a twist of lemon in a soft drink or espresso -- that makes you feel you aren't simply watching product.
Formulaic but entertaining.
The film has elements of suspense that keep it interesting.
High-concept farce, agreeable if shallow.
My Best Friend is a sweet, sentimental tale of a kind that would be insufferably maudlin if made in Hollywood.
This is the type of dramatic comedy that often gets labelled as pleasant, which means that it is not laugh-out-loud funny and inoffensively hobbles along to an ending that could have been spotted miles away.
Too serious to be an out-and-out comedy, too funny not to be one, My Best Friend is a lot easier to enjoy than to classify.
French filmmakers have often been at odds with the Hollywood juggernaut. With My Best Friend, Leconte seems to be throwing up his hands. If you can't beat them, join them.
The difficulties that men of a certain age have in forging substantive alliances is a subject rarely tackled by the movies in any serious way, so one is inclined to forgive Leconte the film's sitcommy tendencies.
Light, airy and sweet, Patrice Leconte's latest comedy swings his favorite premise -- fruitful encounters between opposites -- away from romance and into the wistful hunger for friendship in a careerist world.
Leconte takes a light-handed approach to a surprisingly serious topic in this charming comedy about the isolated nature of urban life.
My Best Friend is terrifically acted, reassuringly formulaic, and moderately amusing.
Patrice Leconte is in a light but thoughtful mood in My Best Friend, a buddy movie that actually ponders the nature of what it is to be a buddy.
A surprisingly whimsical offering that takes a high concept premise to often implausible heights of Hollywood silliness but remains enjoyable due to the performances.
Lightweight but generally engaging...
French superstar Daniel Auteuil reunites with Cesar-nominated co-star Dany Boon from their previous sit-com "The Valet" to give light hearted comedy another try, with the same mixed results.
A breezy and whimsical French film about friendship.
The central characters in this comedy-drama may grapple with the meaning of friendship, but French director Patrice Leconte is more interested in the issue of loneliness and how it seeps into every aspect of a person's life.
Leconte is mainly drawn to sitcom scenarios, which might have been a reasonable tack to take if his material weren't so cautious and staid.
Ultimately, Leconte as a storyteller seems as lost and perplexed in his search for the existence and essence of true friendship in a formidably overwhelming commercially permeated and dominated world, as his unfortunate protagonist Francois.
The direction is deft, performances fine, and the finale a fun time, but it all seems to be an admixture of heavy reflection upon trust and a light, silly troll through a mid-life friendship crisis.
My Best Friend proves that even the most artificial premise can yield a heartfelt result.
My Best Friend's biggest pitfall is its script, which seems to have been built backwards from the hook of a game show's 'lifeline'...The actors do the heavy lifting
A likeable, well written comedy with several good gags and superb comic performances from its two leads. Worth seeing.






@highlight

Although the plot may sound contrived, the performances of Daniel Auteuil and Dany Boon manage to turn My Best Friend into an earnest and witty romp.