Instead of opening up the throttle, Hogs ends up idling and spreading exhaust.
Becker is handy with a camera and totally knows where the film's bread is buttered, focusing all his energy and attention on his four stars.
I can only assume a bike wreck is much more gruesome than a car accident. Luckily, I have never seen one, but after watching Wild Hogs, I can imagine.
No.
Perhaps I was in a good mood, perhaps my expectations were so rock bottom, but hell, I didn't hate it...
Disneyfied Easy Rider for the suburban set.
Fluff aimed at conservative Middle America, a cynical go-with-the-demographic-trends movie that's shallow and stupid, but featuring big names guaranteeing box office success.
This isn't a movie with any meaningful insights to share about the heartfelt concerns of the over-forty set, but is rather an ill-conceived, "coming-of-age" style misadventure which could just as easily have revolved around some recent high school grads.
Truly awful, monumentally inept, wholly unwatchable.
I'm not sure how well it speaks of a comedy if the funniest scenes come during the closing credits.
At one point, Tim Allen proclaims: 'I'm lame. I'm just lame -- admit it, I'm lame.' Tim, you're preaching to the choir.
If it's a laugh you're after, you have a better shot at getting one by reading a Bazooka Joe wrapper. At least you get a piece of gum with that.
The characters are not consistent and behave crazily in order to advance what little plot there is.
This could have been a City Slickers on cycles. But it's an incredibly lazy movie, from the on-the-nose casting to the soundtrack ('70s vintage road rock) to the script to the scouting of locations.
There are a couple of genuinely funny sight gags, but most of the roadside attractions of Wild Hogs are either boring or outright annoying.
If you can imagine City Slickers with bikes instead of horses and without the wit, the likable performances and Jack Palance, then you have a pretty good idea of what this movie is like.
Mind-sodomisingly mediocre family comedy.
A humiliating medley of ghastly slapstick stunts. Walt Becker is the author of this nonsense. He ought to be sued.
Sounds great, with this cast of men of a certain age on big scary two wheeled monsters. Unfortunately it only pulls it off in places.
There's not a single funny joke in the entire film, unless your idea of humour involves characters repeatedly crashing into things.
Petrol-headed fifty-somethings into Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Allman Brothers will probably relate to some of the funnier scenes. The rest, including pre-teens, are advised to avoid it like el plago.
Soulless, boring, formulaic and utterly convinced that its audience won't care.
an enjoyable enough ride for the undemanding viewer
An innocuous, monotonous comedy that at least has a playful spirit, but its tone doesn't amount to much when pitted against forced shtick and an even more forced attempt at a plot.
The Wild Hogs gripe, bicker, and bond, and a couple of them even find true love in female forms.
All of a sudden there's hope for "Gigli"!
Takes the goofy route through the material, with corny slapstick and hackneyed jokes, none of which are remotely funny.
The entire cast aquits itself and none do anything so embarrassing that they can continue to have something to fall back on when they make bad investments.
The "gay panic" humor is so rampant that it's reasonable to wonder if cast and crew members wrapped each shooting day by beating up a homosexual off-screen.
It's City Slickers with horses and cattle replaced by motorcycles and a lot of gay jokes. The celebration of conformity is where its aura of laidback inclusiveness is revealed as a pose.
The previews for this silly little film looked horrid, but it broke Disney box office records for March. So I saw it with my folks and heck, if we all didn't have a good time!
Among these pigs in a blanket of cliches, John Travolta is particularly cringe-worthy ...
The actors possess enough charisma and good spirit to charm even if there's the sneaking suspicion that their skills are in service of something mediocre.
This collection of gags on male menopause, genuinely offensive gay-cop jokes and bumper-sticker life lessons is beyond intolerable.
A comedy that's beneath its one-time A-List talent.
Rediscovering one's inner manhood and earning everyone's respect boils down to fighting the bad boys. Another measure of manliness involves repeatedly making fun of a gay highway patrolman (John C. McGinley) and tossing in plenty of homophobic jokes.
In many ways, Wild Hogs is the worst type of movie - a cynical affair that means to rob its audience by promising a romping good time it has no intention of delivering. I really think a lot of the people involved ... should be ashamed.
Films like these are built for speed, not comfort. The big name cast is there to drag in an audience for the opening weekend, so the picture makes its money before word gets out.
Well, this is an awful movie.So why did I give it two stars?Because, despite the fact that this script is driven entirely by a lowest-common-denominator approach to getting middle-aged men in the theaters, the movie has two single minutes that are simply
...inordinately silly, entirely forgettable...
one of those lowest common denominator movies that aims only for easy laughs and a quick paycheck for its main actors
A film you'll want to see twice to catch all of the punchlines, "Wild Hogs" is a great ride down the comedy highway.
OK, so Wild Hogs is predictable at best. ... There are some laughs to be found.
This bumpy buddy comedy stays in low gear for almost its entire journey. ... As the leader of a pack of redneck bikers, hammy Ray Liotta is so nasty, even his tattoos have a record.
It's bland and forgettable; it'll probably do okay when it plays on a plane.
Sure, the humour is broad and slap sticky, and many of the situations sophomoric and preposterous, but I still found myself smiling throughout "Wild Hogs."
This contemptuously formulated comedy, about four middle-age-crisis-suffering men going on cross country motorcycle road trip, isn't worth the film stock it was shot on.
Travolta could do more good for his career by affixing buxom mud-flaps to his jowls and hauling an eighteen-wheeler cross-country.
Undoubtedly more fun to make than to watch, these wheezy city slickers are un-easy riders.
I firmly believe that if the actors in a movie are having a good time, that sense of fun can potentially come off the screen and infect the audience. Wild Hogs, for me, was this kind of movie.
An especially lame comedy based on nothing but a situation. The humor is farce or slapstick, so character development doesn't matter. Establish the types, put them in one crazy mix-up after another and you're done.
An easy target to criticize given its over-the-hill, homophobic, below-the-belt, yet not altogehter unbelievable contrivances. But Macy, Liotta and Tomei keep it real.
How prophetic of Tim Allen to say in the film's opening, 'I don't think I've been out of Cincinnati in over 12 years.' Wishful thinking. Next time go for 13!
Wild Hogs really doesn't spend much time on the road. Good thing, too, because after the guys are found sleeping side-by-side and skinny-dipping together, the writers must have run out of homosexual panic jokes.
The film does go for the cheap laugh far too often, but it's certainly not bad enough to be grouped along with the rest of this season's trash.
The laughs may be more sporadic, but they still come. And sometimes that is about all anyone can wish for. Just make sure to check that brain at home -- you won't be needing it.
... an indolent, PG-13, Disney "biker" flick that does for comedies what Exxon did for Prince William Sound.
A blasé road comedy with less than five funny moments in total but plenty of tired gay jokes to pass around.
Well, it's been 15 years since City Slickers so it's about time someone would rip it off and hope nobody notices.
Wild Hogs are nothing but tame piggies on a highway to hokum. Honk if you think these overpaid hacks should take their bikes to the nearest shop for creative repairs.
This movie stinks of exhaust and desperation.
A couple of homophobic jokes is just ignorant, but in a formulaic slapstick comedy, the obsessive nature of director Walt Becker and writer Brad Copeland's interest is just plain weird.
Boy, is this one lame wheezer of a movie. Wild Hogs actually feels as though it might take longer to watch than it did to write.
Of the major stars, it's Macy, not surprisingly, who offers the most texture, soul and self-deprecating humor in this light but appealing comedy.
Perhaps it's not within the purview of a mere critic to question the judgment if not the sanity of Disney executives who green-lit this travesty, but who exactly did they envision to be the audience?
Wild Hogs is an oinker. Feeding us slops of dud comedy are stars who ought to know better by now.
Wild Hogs is lame enough throughout that you wonder why John Travolta, Martin Lawrence, Tim Allen and William H. Macy signed on for it.
If you listen closely, you can hear your brain cells fizzling.
Though overly broad and slapstick simplistic, Wild Hogs offers a handful of robust laughs, as well as the fun of watching four ingratiating performers.
Wild Hogs isn't as jaw-droppingly awful as its trailers suggest.
The movie ends with an ode to Easy Rider, but without the satisfaction of seeing any of the characters gunned down by hicks.
It's 'City Slickers' on bikes, probably someone's idea of a 40 year old guy's ultimate fantasy movie.
It's a joyless cross-country romp in which the heroes confront crazy animals, lascivious hicks and rest-stop bathroom horrors.
'A lot can happen on the road to nowhere,' reads the tagline on the poster for Wild Hogs, a comedy that also illustrates exactly how nothing can happen on the road to nowhere.
What financial strings had to be pulled to get John Travolta, Tim Allen, Martin Lawrence and William H. Macy to sign on for this second-class City Slickers?
Wild Hogs is a formulaic road picture that hits a few potholes, thanks to an uneven script and stale comedic devices.
It's immediately forgettable but not inordinately painful, more like a routine cleaning at the dentist's than a root canal.
The movie has exactly four laughs.
Wild Hogs isn't wild so much as a mild evocation of better fish-out-of-water flicks.
Allegedly, the picture was shot in picturesque New Mexico. Effectively, it might as well be picturesque New Liskeard.
Offensive and unfunny, Hogs is cinematic roadkill, so you'll wanna steer clear.
Eminently forgettable.
I'll take a crashing yet sincerely aimed failure any day over the by-the-numbers, lowbrow audience-pandering slickness of Wild Hogs.
[The filmmakers] overload on shaky slapstick and unvarnished homophobia, and they stage the phoniest romantic subplot ever.
Wild Hogs is every bit as terrible as you'd expect a film with John Travolta, Tim Allen and Martin Lawrence to be.
A formulaic laugh machine that's entirely predictable.
This is just another waste of time I'd really hate for you to undergo -- and pay for.
The cast of Wild Hogs could only have been interesting in a movie about over-the-hill movie stars making a movie about over-the-hill regular guys slipping into the mind-numbing pointlessness of middle age -- but that would have been an ironic.
The film's a bumptious weekend ride: The engine could use tuning and the plugs are shot, but it gets you most of the way there.
The jokes are tasteless (far too many of them revolving around the group's collective revulsion about being labeled by unknowing strangers as homosexual) and the drama inert.
...not as dumb as it might have been...
The premise will likely remind you of City Slickers. The bad news: Wild Hogs is no City Slickers.
The road trip plotline and parade of C-list cameos suggest a 21st-century Cannonball Run, and that's not far from the truth.
Born to be reviled.
So bewilderingly overflowing with gay camp and homoerotic context, it's a regular Travolta, Queen of the Desert.
Walt Becker's rancid midlife-crisis "comedy" seems serenely unperturbed by the grand canyon between the least likable protagonists in recent memory and the audience-tested need to impose redemption onto them.
a middle-age version of Billy Jack with a Benji plot
Very little that happens is unexpected or offbeat, and even the most dire situations are resolved in pat, TV-sitcom style. The only wildness in this film is in its title; the movie itself is about as dangerous and shocking as your average beer commercial.
The main thing about the guys in Wild Hogs -- the main source of the movie's fumbling attempts at humor -- is that they're not gay. Really. Seriously. No way.
Why watch this film when you could stay home and put your head in the oven instead?
This predictably sappy plot yields some surprisingly ruckus comedic moments.
It's the gay-panic-a-lympics!
Wasn't my cup of tea ... Although I'll go ahead and say there were a couple of good jokes here and there involving birds.
Actually manages a few decent comedic moments - almost in spite of itself.
a more appropriate title would have been Wild Bores...It's a movie running down the middle of the road, and you know what you find in the middle of the road? Bad movies and slow squirrels.
... low octane comedy running on fumes.
I can imagine Albert Brooks sitting in a theater watching this garbage and praying that it actually ends like Easy Rider.
Somehow, Hogs isn't a torture device; in fact, it's pretty amusing when it puts its mind to it.
The landscape of Wild Hogs is cluttered with the comic equivalent of suburban sprawl, an endless cyclorama of rehashed jokes and whiny complaint.
A last-minute appearance by a surprise guest star may save the day for the four friends, but it comes nowhere near saving the movie.
The movie frees you of the belief that making it in Hollywood requires finely honed skills. If the writer and director of this coarsely honed sitcom could get hired, then the studio doors must be wide open.
A little cute cussing, a few decent jokes, a lot of sight gags involving spills on the bikes these 'Mild' Hogs get by on being good-natured, and willing to trade a little star power for the chance to ride and get paid for it.
The gags are witless and surprisingly gross (insect splatter, feces disposal bags, inadvertent homosexual come-ons and the like). The four actors, each accustomed to being at the center, never develop any rhythm, any chemistry, any anything.
Wild Hogs is more tired, worn out, and sagging than its protagonists -- an arthritic comedy whose humor is below mediocre and whose drama is cringe-worthy.
If Wild Hogs went hog wild into comic anarchy -- heck, even creativity -- it might have been worthy of its overqualified cast. As it stands, this weak effort will bring them sacks of money, but no respect.
Slack direction from Walt Becker (National Lampoon's Van Wilder) sullies this formula comedy, but the cast is agreeable, particularly Marisa Tomei as the diner owner who falls for the constipated Macy.
Never fails to take the low road. It's a waste of celluloid, filled with potty humor, gay jokes and the unfortunate transformation of real actor William H. Macy into a living crash-test dummy.
Even Chevy Chase wouldn't be caught dead doing this stuff.
Wild Hogs' laughs aren't lasting, but it allows just enough room for its cast to showcase what they do best.
None of the actors has a character to play, but each brings a likable persona to Wild Hogs, and that helps smooth over more of the stinky script's rough edges than you'd expect.
There really isn't much more to say about Wild Hogs beyond the appallingly unfunny results it extracts from squeezing Travolta, Tim Allen, Martin Lawrence and William H. Macy into leather jackets and propping them on high-performance motorcycles.
Is this the best we can do in the realm of star-driven commercial comedy? If so, I'll take Norbit. I'll take Because I Said So. I'll take I'll Take Sweden.
A note to screenwriters everywhere regarding characters over 50 whose inability to use the Internet results in being trapped on a porn site (see Wild Hogs and Because I Said So among others): It's not funny; please stop doing it.
Travolta has occasionally gotten down in slop like this before. Allen and Lawrence practically live there. But Macy, the guy from Fargo and Magnolia and Seabiscuit? Say it ain't so, Bill.
Are so many American men so oppressed by the 'horrors' of modern life -- high cholesterol, uppity wives, smartass children, cell phones, boring jobs, the general dead-eyed awfulness of suburbia -- that they need a stupid movie like this one to tell them t
Like a 90-minute episode of Full House, if Danny Tanner went to Ozzfest and taught everyone how to protect piercings from infection.
Throughout the film, John Travolta, Martin Lawrence, et al don't seem to be bonding so much as acting at each other.
...a cast composed of actors who are bad enough on their own, and who together amount to something unholy.
Unexpected romance, amusing pratfalls and comic performances combine to make 'Wild Hogs' a rollicking good time at the movies.
No cliche goes unloved in this piddle about four aging Cincinnati dudes who try to find their bliss by hog-riding till they reach the Pacific.
An unending cycle of gay-panic and object-collides-with-testicles jokes and some laughable moments of maudlin sincerity, all to a soundtrack that regurgitates without irony every song that's ever been in any motorcycle movie in film history.
With its central theme of male bonding, Wild Hogs is a moderately amusing and entertaining road trip whose likeable cast is its main draw.
Not exactly high test, but enough comedic octane for four rad guys to tickle our pistons if we're not overly mature about it.
Women, hmmmph!
A vacuous male-bonding farce...made worse by dumb slapstick interludes and the failure of the stars to generate much comic wattage.
As stupid and bad as the movie gets, there'll still be people out there who find it hilarious.
Wild Hogs has little story and even less characterization to its stereotyped players.
This shallow comedy imagines itself as an amalgam of St. Elmo's Fire, The Wild Bunch, and Deliverance.
The fun comedic turns by the starry quartet partly makes up for the predictable broad humor of this vulgar road comedy.
Uninspired script and broad slapstick yuks won't earn this any plaudits, but slick, safe package should do OK with North American mall auds.
It's hard to hate it, trashing the film would be kind of like kicking a puppy in the head.

@highlight

Wild Hogs is a dreadful combination of fish-out-of-water jokes, slapstick, and lazy stereotypes.