Another case of world cinema showing us a place we never imagined existed.
The number of characters involved leaves the plotlines strung out and little emotion for the audience to cling to.
film feels like it has more to say but can't get the wording right
A gritty little drama that leaves you feeling like you might need a shower.
While it has its gag-inducing moments, director Brillante Mendoza's film about a three-generational family that lives in and operates a rundown porn theatre is more sweet than twisted.
That calling-attention-to-the-idea-that-we're-watching-a-movie device is at odds with the realism of the story, but it does a nice job of illustrating the central question of Serbis: Which is going to fall apart first, the Family or the family?
You have been advised; proceed accordingly.
Enthralling. A vivid portrait of a family seemingly involved in only their own problems who have been infected by the filth and enervation around them.
Unflinching, graphic depictions of illicit sex and boil-lancing are memorable, but the family's moral ambiguities and sense of lost prestige are what fascinate the most.
Part-telenovela, part outlandish screwball comedy, part soft-porno, but completely without a road map, Serbis evokes Pedro Almodóvar, Tennessee Williams, and 1940s and '50s Hollywood.
Serbis has the feel of a documentary, but a documentary can't accomplish what "Serbis" does: Take us to a corner of the world where sex and regret are so intimately entwined.
A unique and artistic treatment of gritty family survival but one that will turn away viewers with its carnal setting and sand-blasted treatment of the human condition.
Often drags with too many poorly developed characters its convoluted, unfocused plot. If it were more character-driven and had a sharper screenplay, it would have been a much more captivating drama.
This isn't a family -- or a film -- you'll easily forget.
The Filipino movie Serbis is gentle, bawdy and at times rambunctiously, ticklishly rude.
A scraggly, messy, often aimless, and yet consistently amusing and engaging work of black comedy-cum-social-realism.
Though [director] Mendoza doesn't care to resolve all of the many subplots he's jugging, the film gives a complete picture of a family, a business, and a city in disarray, and the looming fallout.
Specialty audiences may appreciate this downbeat Filipino drama about an impoverished family trying to hold it together while running a porn theatre, but its unvarnished sex scenes won't play for mainstream tastes.
As a twitchily sensational series of interconnected images, it's an awesome nugget of faux-trash gold.
The Filipino answer to Slumdog Millionaire!
Serbis may be a raunch-fest, but it's also a mind-trip -- a raunch-fest with ideas.
The first Filipino work to play in competition in Cannes Fest since Lino Brocka, Serbis is a slice of life tale of a colorful clan that operates a shabby movieshouse showing outdated sex films.
Slightly more evolved from a narrative perspective than his previous feature Tirador (Slingshot), Serbis (Service) is another overwhelmingly tactile experience that should further cement the prolific filmmaker's reputation.
Filipino director Brillante Mendoza fails to disguise his prurient exploitation film, about a family-run soft-core cinema, as art house fare--although he seems to have succeeded in doing so with Cannes and New York film festival programmers.
Sex in the Cinema
To my knowledge, Serbis is the first film to equate third-world life in the late capitalist era to squatting in a rundown porn palace.



@highlight

This darkly comic family drama finds ways of being viscerally graphic and intellectually stimulating at the same time.