"Return of the Jedi," the final act of George Lucas' first "Star Wars" trilogy, is the best one yet.
It's not a total disappointment, but compared to its two predecessors, it's definitely a minor film. [Full review in Spanish]
It's largely captivating at gigantic SFX and VFX spectacle; it's good at family movie and it's trivial at adult movie.
'Jedi' takes a little longer to get going, but once it does, the Star Wars finale ends on a satisfying and rewarding note for fans who watch it for the first of 50th time.
...a capper to a solid trilogy that's nevertheless not quite the flawless work its reputation would seem to indicate.
There are all sorts of hints in the latest escapade (notionally directed by Richard Marquand) that we are meant to be taking it seriously.
It's everything it ought to be -- glorious, exhilarating, exciting, absorbing, technically wondrous. But there also is something bittersweet in the knowledge that, with Jedi, we are bidding a fond farewell to all of the characters we got to know so well.
The characters and dialogue get lost somewhere between the bug-eyed monsters and the exploding spaceships, but it is all so much fun it probably really does not matter a whole lot.
The film has special effects so incredible that it will become the standard by which future efforts are measured, and it leaves the audience cheering and happy.
With this last of the central Star Wars cycle, there is the sense of the closing of a circle, of leaving behind real friends. It is accomplished with a weight and a new maturity that seem entirely fitting, yet the movie has lost none of its sense of fun.
Lucas has once again recycled the B movies of his youth: jungle movies, gangster movies, pirate movies, you name it. He culls bits from them that still have oomph and mounts them with a Sesame-Street zap.
Highly entertaining.
Though the 1983 film's effects seem almost quaint by today's awesome standards, Jedi has something the newer movies don't: characters we care about, not to mention a plot that involves both them and us.
Unfortunately, it conveys the sense that the machinery has already started to wear down, and the inventiveness to wear thin.
The trilogy is superior entertainment that, have assimilated its sources, has itself become the real thing, making movie history.
...when Luke and Darth Vader face off before the drooling Emperor, the franchise comes to its rightful fruition.
The appeal, perhaps, will be strongest to the young.
For all its faults and goofy plot holes, "Return of the Jedi" is a solid finisher.
The Force was always with it, and time, though not entirely kind, still affirms that most important truth.
Though slow to pick up the pace and saddled with an anticlimatic sequence at the finish, Jedi is nonetheless reasonably fast paced for its 133-minute length, a visual treat throughout.
With every Jedi disappointment comes a new appreciation: for the genius of John Williams' music; for all that father-son stuff that once felt so mushy and now, with maturity, feels elemental; for Han's ironic-hero stance.
This installment is deemed by some fans to be the best of the first Star Wars trilogy in technical accomplishment and narrative involvment, but other critics disagree.
Ewok-filled finale less Force-ful than previous.
A fragilidade de Marquand como diretor e a crescente infantilização da narrativa são facilmente constatáveis, mas ainda assim o filme consegue fechar satisfatoriamente a trilogia original.
It is not as exciting as Star Wars itself, which had the advantage of novelty. But it is better and more satisfying than The Empire Strikes Back...
Return is such a dud that no amount of [Special Edition] reworking could have saved it.
The finale to the saga's first chapter wobbles from time to time and the mythology grows a little woolly, but that spectacular conclusion is hard to resist.
The space battles are well-staged and various loose narrative threads are pulled together neatly.
With its feints at horror and pathos, the third Star Wars film is the most Disney-esque in its emotional outline, yet that outline is buried beneath an obnoxiously hyped-up pace that reduces the emotions to rubble.
The third Star Wars film, and the sixth in the series, begins with a bang as our heroes try to wrap up the threads left hanging at the end of The Empire Strikes Back.
In scope and ambition, Jediresembles nothing so much as the next level of a computer game, with a new environment, new gadgets and new creatures.
The problems with Jedi cannot be fixed even with the best digital software in the galaxy: the weak story, the bad performances, the burp jokes, and Luke's bizarre-looking hair mop.
First-class entertainment.
Along with some equally captivating special effects and a heavy dose of action, Return of the Jedi is still a solid combination of everything you love about the first two movies.
Return of the Jedi est en bout de ligne juste assez satisfaisant [...] pour que cette trilogie se boucle comme étant marquante.
Among the cinema's most iconic villains — the Wicked Witch of the West; Hannibal Lecter; Nosferatu… — Vader's story arc stands strikingly alone in its climax.
Like Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back, this film is a lot of fun -- colorful, energetic to the point of being manic, good-humored and full of marvelous invention.
...Lucas's first serious decline into juvenilia for the Star Wars saga.
fantastic
Scores with its imaginative sweep, colorful characters, and ambitious mythology
The beginning of George's tilt towards the dark side.
The weakest of the original trilogy, but far easier to watch than Episode I or II
Falls short of the high standards set by the opening chapters.
Even a lesser Star Wars movie has a lot to offer visually.
Though it looks almost too polished, a handful of eye-smacking action scenes were breakthroughs in precomputer cinematic graphics. And when the film moves, it does so with blazing energy and awesome noise.
la esencia está en los duelos asociados a la filosofía Jedi y la esperanza en que el bien terminaría venciendo...
The episodic plot and abundant spectacle do not drown out the human interest.
the least of the three, but it is still a magnificent experience in its own right
The old Star Wars gang are back doing what they've done before, but this time with a certain evident boredom.
A film-making which still out-classes most of the attempts at chase scenes you'll see in contemporary films!
The acting in Return of the Jedi is stronger than in the previous films.
At the end of it all, after the three movies, we've taken an epic fantasy journey. Lucas has in common with all great storytellers the ability to create a complete world.
A mediocre Star Wars is better than no Star Wars at all.
Return of the Jedi wraps up the Star Wars trilogy with a bang by delivering everything audiences expect and more.
Jedi couldn't end the Star Wars trilogy on a happier note.
The force isn't entirely with the re-release of this computer- altered, warm-and-fuzzy Star Wars sequel.
Sequels are usually a case of diminishing returns, but this third installment of the Star Wars saga is still essential viewing.
Despite George Lucas's 'improvements,' Jedi is still a better ride than last year's Event Movies Twister or Independence Day.
The script descends into soap-opera melodrama.
The film is a huge, rousing finale that resolves all plot twists, settles all accounts, reunites old friends and sweeps to a climax that all but blows the theater apart.
Before this portion of the Star Wars saga is history, let us take time to praise the principal performers.
Chewbacca doesn't have enough dialogue.
The most disappointing of the original three episodes but still charming and thrilling.
Return of the Jedi is pure, swashbuckling adventure in the Errol Flynn Hollywood tradition.
[Hamill] gives what is immediately recognizable as the most irritating lead performance in a blockbuster film in recent memory.
Slower, longer and less powerful than Episodes IV and V, Return of the Jedi closes this extraordinary trilogy more with a whimper than a bang,
Delightfully imaginative!
The magic is still there, the effects crisp and spectacular.
Has twice as many visual effects than the original first film.
A terrific wrapup to a terrific series.
People ask me what they should go see in the theaters right now, and I always point them to the Star Wars trilogy.
Jedi may not be George Lucas's crown jewel, but his trilogy as a whole is as good as film fantasy gets.
Darth Vader is one of the most magnificent villains in movie history.
One dynamo of a climax!
Quite entertaining to say the least, and while the Ewoks were pretty childish, I did still enjoy their goofy presence, and Leia in a skimpy belly-dancer's outfit was just, well....inspirational!
The film reaches a density of emotion in its last 20 minutes that the cycle itself -- and few other movies -- can approach.
While much of the action is perfunctory and overdone, director Richard Marquand has managed some thrilling sequences as well, and the family drama centering on Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader lends depth to the colorful proceedings.
Jedi is downright repetitive!
Let's not pretend we're watching art!
Jedi still has its grand moments.
A good piece of cinema. It is far from perfection, and far from the heights reached by its two predecessors, but it still can entertain the audience -- not just the children who would enjoy Ewoks.







@highlight

Though failing to reach the cinematic heights of its predecessors, Return of the Jedi remains an entertaining sci-fi adventure and a fitting end to the classic trilogy.