The focus is ultimately on Sasha and Paige's friendship, and how Paige's successes cause Sasha to reflect on her own failures, though being queer is not among them; it's just who she is.
Despite a few moments of sitcom silliness, [Leighton] Meester and [Gillian] Jacobs bring that struggle to relatable life.
While it's not the most perceptive film exploring the diversity of the lesbian experience, Life Partners has several insightful comic moments that ring true.
With such generic characters and scenarios, it feels like a sitcom pilot, where lessons are learned and, at the end of the day, everyone winds up right back where they started.
Witty, charming and warm with a fine balance between drama and comedy. It's equally wise, funny and tender.
I did laugh a few times. There is some funny stuff in this lightweight comedy, but clearly, I'm not the target audience for this film which is aimed a young women.
Flawed film about friendship has lots of swearing, drinking.
"Life Partners" may be a dispensable sitcom of a movie, but it's charming and cannily made enough to make you hope that both women will granted other opportunities to show what they can do.
It's funny and sweet, with a believable friendship at its core and conflict derived from recognizable experiences.
Unfortunately, Life Partners is more committed to being edgy and relevant than it is to presenting an honest female friendship.
Why does it feel nearly revelatory to see a film that treats female friendship with respect?
The two stars display a winning chemistry in this amusingly observant study of female friendship.
Meester and Jacobs have an easy, authentic chemistry, but there isn't enough structure or storytelling thrust to sustain interest in the plot: Triumphs, calamities and reunions keep happening, but none contains real dramatic heft.
As vanilla plotting and sameness threaten to take over the feature, the stars utilize their charms and subtleties to find a soul to Life Partners, allowing viewers to appreciate the periodically unbearable realities of friendship.
Fogel refuses to pander by pretending that the girls can fix everything with a hug. Sacrifices must be made.
The charming story about millennial confusion is deftly written by Susanna Fogel (who also directs) and Joni Lefkowitz, and the dialog actually sounds like the way a pair of smart and funny twentysomethings might really talk.
focuses on trivialities and cuteness instead of developing the three-dimensional traits of the main characters
On paper Life Partners has what it takes to be a gem of a character-based indie, but as executed, I'm sorry to report, this movie borders on insufferable.
Seeing the benefit of two terrific leads in Leighton Meester and Gillian Jacobs, the film always feels like we're being let in on the private conversations of two people living in their own little world.
Most of the time, the banter doesn't sound like banter; the movie shares Sasha and Paige's unforced shorthand.
Fogel's focus is female friendship, and the challenges presented by growing older and pairing up. It all makes for a rocky road, regardless of the romantic rival's gender.
At times "Life Partners" can feel like it's running through a readymade trajectory, elucidating upon a thesis about getting older
Limited by the same arch tone and flippant jokes that suffocate every other low-budget indie about Gen Y confronting adulthood.
"A waxen falseness suffuses the stilted, stubbornly generic picture. Like the fast-food mozzarella sticks one of the characters devours in moments of existential woe, it feels like a calculated imitation rather than the real thing."
Too demure to make us care.
Settles for sitcom setups and punchlines.... feels both slight and generic.
It's the kind of safe sitcom romantic comedy I would expect on mainstream TV.
Meester and Jacobs prove a disarming central couple, and Life Partners' witty script gives them just enough to make up for the excessively familiar manner in which the story unfolds.
Fogel and Lefkowitz go for a loose, funny vibe that allows them freedom to serve a range of different characters and subplots, but the center of their movie doesn't hold.
A well-scripted, intriguingly-acted effort to mine the theme of prolonged adolescent best-buddyism through two women.
Life Partners travels some very familiar ground, but the strength of its writing, the honesty of its plot, and the charm of its leading ladies means that it's a real cut above the rest of its genre brethren.
Susanna Fogel has created a film that is at times a social satire, a romantic comedy, and a coming-of-age tale all woven together into a satisfying and heartfelt chronicle of a beautiful friendship.
These characters, all of whom feel fleshed out and thoroughly lived-in, constitute the foundation of a story that unfolds organically, blessedly free of the twee self-regard common to films about millennials in flux.

@highlight

With two appealing leads adrift in a sitcom-worthy plot, Life Partners doesn't do quite enough to earn viewers' commitment.