This inspired-by-reality tale is essentially an emotional snuff film. It's the kind of misguided effort a middle-aged director indulges in when he wants to reinvent himself as edgy.
Cassavetes' film is pure Hollywood fiction and sensationalism mixed with some sense of reality, but hell I enjoyed it a great deal...
A lackluster teenage true-crime tale.
Stylishly and thoughtfully directed by Nick Cassavetes, Alpha Dog is occasionally chilling, but always absorbing.
Its originality lies in the fact that it depicts white middle-class kids on the loose, calling their women bitches and listening endlessly to violent, misogynist and homophobic black rap.
Nick Cassavetes' film combines an aimless ramble through juvenile depravity in the affluent suburbs of LA and a quite disturbing evocation of the true-life murder of an adolescent boy in 1999.
It's Beverly Hills 90210 on crystal meth as a gang of posh potheads lose the plot when a kidnapping goes wrong.
The movie may lose its way in the last 15 minutes but everything leading up to that point is gripping, edge-of-your-seat stuff.
Lengthy and often off-hot topic, this is still a gripping saga with stand-out turns from Timberlake, Hirsch and kid-in-the-spotlight Yelchin.
You know you're in trouble the second you take a look at Bruce Willis's fake liver spots.
Overall though, it's a messy, superficial affair: it lacks focus, shifts uneasily in tone, and shoehorns in star names (Sharon Stone, Bruce Willis) to little effect.
True, Alpha Dog is a film with no manners. But it has great nerve. What's truly impressive is how the splintered story is buried by individual performances.
Worth seeing for Stone's grotesque bow and some great youthful performances. But it's not half as gritty as it thinks it is.
It suffers from ADD, but there's some terrific stuff in here. Leaving 15 minutes from the end and saving yourself a lumbering coda may improve enjoyment.
Emotionally engaging, impressively directed and frequently tense drama with strong performances from a terrific ensemble cast.
A movie which has been put together with occasional skill but lacks a compelling reason to exist.
Cassavetes uses a wide arsenal of flashy techniques...but his stylistic fourishes and some committed performances cannot disguise a certain emptiness where there should be tragedy.
Cassavetes, first and foremost, made Alpha Dog a great ensemble piece, a decision that really distinguishes the film from its lesser teenage crime counterparts.
As it happens, not all dogs to to heaven. Some go straight to hell, and Alpha Dog gets there faster and stays there longer than most.
The film's most resonant insight%u2014not a new one%u2014is that the boys' mutual violence and abuse form a sort of intimacy. No matter what else they miss, they understand their own fearfulness and disloyalty.
Watching it is like being trapped at the biggest boneheaded gathering of snowballing stupidity you can imagine
Justin Timberlake has what it takes to be a genuine movie star.
The worst movie of the year.
A little long and pushy, but very well-played and at times utterly harrowing
Even though we are less than two weeks into the new year, here is a film that is already a strong contender for the title of Worst Film of 2007.
This movie is on fire. An edgy and startling film, definitely starts the 2007 movie year off with a bang!
This won't run at the front of the movie pack but it has bite.
At its best, the film offers a pointed critique of a youth culture that views someone like Jesse James Hollywood as a person to emulate.
What Cassavetes gets right is how young bravado - not machismo, but extending to boys and girls - often wards off feeling by fetishizing heartlessness.
Foster is the one truly, disturbingly believable young actor in the cast, all sweaty adrenaline and menacing self-loathing.
Alpha Dog is good filmmaking.
Cassavetes' script buries a lot of character and thematic ambitions in the facts of the case.
Timberlake runs away with the movie, earning retribution for the straight-to-video disaster of Edison Force.
Despite some rather surprisingly good acting by some of the most unlikely of cast members, the film's directing and editing style ultimately ruin Alpha Dog.
All the overacting from the white boyz in the hood is nothing compared to the final speech from Sharon Stone, the alpha and omega of bad Hollywood actresses.
Alpha Dog's characters adopt poses that they've seen on television and in the movies, and the same goes for the young cast hamming it up as if they watched their Scarface DVDs too many times in preparation.
Sharon Stone's teary monologue near the end of the film might be more effective if she weren't buried inside a fat suit that makes her look like Jiminy Glick.
Essentially, the experience is watching awful actors playing dumb people in a story that carries no weight or emotional investment. This is one pup that needs to be put to sleep.
There are in fact no bad performances in this picture. The events depicted are often ugly and sometimes repulsive, but Cassavetes never flinches from depicting them fully
Alpha Dog is no travesty, but I would trade 95 percent accuracy for, say, 25 percent insight.
Timberlake has his breakout performance here, proving that he's not some pretty boy from a teen pop idol group.
It's like an actor's workshop at a community college where the instructor keeps screaming "Emote! Emote!" to the students.
Outstanding work from a young ensemble. Ben Foster steals the show in an over the top performance as an a**kicking, always-in-trouble, speedfreak.
Similar to the real kidnapping fictionalized in 'Alpha Dog,' the movie falls apart quicker than you can say Nick Cassavetes, who wrote and directed it.
True story or not, there's not a single character in this film worth spending time with.
Cassavetes starts to lose the plot at the precise moment he starts keeping exact track of it.
[Alpha Dog is] intermittently bemused or tragic, but utterly lacking a conscience or a point of view.
In most areas, Cassavetes's instincts are spot-on, particularly when it comes to casting Timberlake in what turns out to be the most important role in the film. He manages to be both reprehensible and deeply charismatic, and winds up stealing the picture.
Alpha Dog, a tale of a group of drug-fueled teenagers, is gritty to the point of painful abrasion.
As uneven as the film is, those with strong stomachs will find it worth sticking with.
It is all so done and overdone, so regurgitated, so late-night TV and what-else-is-new-in-hell.
Ultimately Alpha Dog is most successful as a teen gangster movie, a kind of cross between Goodfellas and The O.C. that is swiftly paced and extremely compelling.
Cassavetes is more interested in docudrama than commentary, but he does manage to create an interesting tone for the movie -- somewhere between the satire of the unvarnished America in Borat and the red flag waved by Apocalypto.
[Writer/director Cassavetes] never masters the tone and lands as many unintentional laughs as intentional ones. But he still manages, on occasion, to chill you to the bone.
Cassavetes sends us on a slow death march, following his bland, drugged-out and overly tattooed characters from one beer-bong party to the next.
It's got skill and craft and some good acting to recommend it. And it's based on a true story. But its soulless posturing and jaded cynicism are far more repellant than cool.
Alpha Dog may have some of Larry Clark's territory, and even some of Tarantino's markings. But it's still a mutt. And no matter how much it marks its territory, it never finds its own way home.
Irresponsible, uncommercial but surprisingly watchable.
Who would have thought that a real-life tale of sex, drugs and murder could be so instantly forgettable?
A frightening, tangled tapestry of youth as its worst.
As successful as the unlikely casting of Timberlake turns out to be, some of Cassavetes' other choices are disastrous.
Whatever he observed in those true-life figures these roles are based on, [writer/director Nick] Cassavetes sure knew how to apply it to one nasty but exhilarating work of art.
I actually found myself feeling a little jealous of all the sexuality around them. I had needs that were not being fulfilled at that age, but I don't want all the drugs required to get it.
Although the filmmaker, Nick Cassavetes, doesn't seem to be trying to provide the whys and wherefores of the case, he has created an unmistakable (if uneven) indictment of the lifestyle.
Recovering from the Harlequin bathos of The Notebook, writer-director Nick Cassavetes directs this bogus-homeboy scenario as though his street cred depended on it.
Alpha Dog is a commanding ensemble piece.
Disturbing and energizing at the same time, Alpha Dog channels a flood of young talent through a story of foggy intentions, bad decisions and righteous partying that works because it feels (and is) so dangerously real.
While Alpha Dog is a cautionary tale, it too often revels in its own bad-boy attitude.
There probably isn't a single character in Alpha Dog you would consider likable or sympathetic. And yet, the film almost works in spite of that. Almost.
There's a feel of authenticity about Alpha Dog, primarily because of the performances of the young actors.
I truly doubt Hollywood will produce anything this year that bottoms Alpha Dog for offensively bad filmmaking.
The movie's biggest surprise is Timberlake, who finds the heart and soul of the not-so-tough Frankie and makes him the film's most complete character.
Has the most unappetizing film of 2007 really arrived just 12 days into the New Year? Alpha Dog will face contenders for that title, but it sets the bar high.
These aren't the psychologically exploded youths of Rebel Without a Cause, or even The Outsiders. They're characters in a long, violent, unbleeped episode of MTV's Cribs.
Cassavetes once again shows he is brimming with talent with this psychologically violent film that is involving despite the inevitable outcome.
When Justin Timberlake is the best thing about a film, you know you're in trouble.
Cassavetes never paints a compelling enough picture to warrant either my interest or my sympathies on a universal level.
It's no The Killing of a Chinese Bookie, and its final section chucks freedom in favor of formula, but it has moments of genuinely kooky energy.
Alpha Dog is a tragedy born of stupidity and weaned on depravity.
Week-old weed smoke practically wafts from the screen in a film that's most engaging once it's handed over to Justin Timberlake's excellent performance. But where it thinks it's delivering gut-punches, it's too often feigning with caricatures.
I almost hate to say it, but [Timberlake] might be reason enough to watch this.
[C]hock full of embarrassing baloney that tries to dress up the inherent crude B-movie-ness of itself...
...meant as a cautionary tale, but it could be taken as just another tabloid exploitation.
Cassavetes captures the atmosphere of decadent disdain extremely well.. often unpleasant and even repellent, (but) the acting is consistently sturdy.
Alpha Dog is about people acting on impulse and slowly making things worse and worse.
A well-researched model of the true-crime genre...[and] close cinematic relative of Larry Clark's Bully.
A minefield of stupidity and degradation -- and not in a good way.
The movie is sloppy and not very good, but certain aspects have stubbornly stuck: what it gets right, it gets right, and all credit where it's due.
Sporadically intriguing but ultimately ineffective...
...Cassavetes has crafted a film that will hold your interest until the end.
Ben Foster becomes cartoonish instead of scary. It feels like he is channeling Pauly Shore doing an Al Pacino impression.
Grade-C SoCal exploitation.
Aside from an excess of female hysterics, there is solid acting throughout. (Accused of tweaking at work, Foster's Jake pulls off a tantrum on the level of Spud's job interview in Trainspotting.)
Though a cookie-cutter crime tale, this one stands outfor some fierce ensemble performances.
Cassavetes -- a sometime actor himself -- doesn't seem to understand actors at all. From the finished product, it looks as if his preferred method of guiding his actors is to egg them on rather than nudge them toward restraint.
The characters are all flash and emptiness, but so is the story.
Alpha Dog is almost a sociological study of a youthful culture awash in freedom and steeped in violence, drugs, casual sex and offensive language. It also shines a light on parents who have abdicated their positions of guidance and discipline.
Calls for more explanation and less posturing.
The incessant reminders of the outcome, along with the liberal use of split screen, serve only to create a disconnect from what's on-screen.
[Cassavetes] creates an astonishing amount of tension building towards his 'I-can't-believe-this-is-really-going-to-happen' climax.
The movie suffers from an uncertain structure, but it boasts an extraordinary naturalism, not particularly flattering.
For all of the credibility of the performances (or at least the teens), it all feels like recycled social commentary.
Alpha Dog has much the same entertainment value you get from watching monkeys fling scat at one another in a zoo or reading the latest issue of Star magazine.
There's more voyeurism going on here, and less insight into a certain culture (the young and the wasted), than the filmmakers would probably admit to, but the performances are scarily real, and the outcome, well, is just scary.
Among the many movies about the California drug scene and lowlife, youthful wannabe thugs, Alpha Dog is far from the leader of the pack.
Director Cassevetes has a bit more than he can handle with this complex telling of a real-life tragedy, but he elicits believable performances from the young cast, with Justin Timberlake especially impressive as Johnny's tough-guy-with-a-heart lieutenant.
'This'll be over by tomorrow,' the big dog says to his prey at one point. Alpha Dog is full of good actors, young and old, making the most of such deceptively simple lines.
There's truth in the movie's point that when you're born with protective gloves on, you might not notice when you're playing with fire.
This film is way more about tits and ass and drugs and guns and California muscle cars and busting up house parties with kung fu than it is about deep characterization or the epic scale of Scarface.
Alpha Dog isn't a total wash, but it is unfocused, overstuffed and routine.
Rather than turn the camera away when disaster strikes, [director Cassavetes] keeps his suffering characters in close, uninterrupted focus, pushing us squarely into their pain.
Cassavetes coaxes persuasive performances from Justin Timberlake and Anton Yelchin in this flashy re-creation of a 1999 kidnapping-murder in cushy Southern California, which overdoes the seamy side of suburbia angle.
Alpha Dog operates without outrage -- not because the behavior of the people in the movie isn't horrifying but because the movie knows it is much too late to save those bouncing, happy kids we glimpsed in the opening seconds.
Misses its opportunity to be a smart, investigative crime drama ... a frivolous and shallow affair about partying teens.
In his best film to date, Nick Cassavetes directs with ferocious energy, taking scenes past their logical stopping points and pushing his actors to, but never over, the precipice of absurdity.
Apart from the grim forebodings of tragedy, writer-director Nick Cassavetes seems to have modeled this ambitious docudrama on Larry Clark's kiddie-porn shockers, but he doesn't know what to leave out, and the movie becomes excessively complicated.
Nick Cassavetes' new film, Alpha Dog, has a compelling, ripped-from-the-headlines vibe.
Wants to be a horror story of sorts, but winds up being tedious and over-indulgent.
Alpha Dog, like most of its cast, is posing.
Alpha Dog may be more crass exploitation than an earnest attempt at laying out the facts of a crime, but it's exciting and watchable for anyone willing to romp in the mud for two hours.
Director Nick Cassavetes should be commended for the unflinching manner in which he tells the story -- it packs a punch, although it lingers too long to be truly unsettling.
Imagine a Larry Clark movie minus the constant alarmism, given a decent script and competent actors. I know, it's tough.
With a dream cast of the youngest and brightest actors of the day, Cassavetes creates a movie that feels like you're watching an apathetic group of kids riding down a progressively steeper incline in an unmanned vehicle.
The fraternity of Alpha Busta Kappa is all about not being perceived as the "******" or "*****" of the bunch.
An abusive, shallow, sleazy gangsta film that, at best, is a cautionary morality tale.
Cassavetes (The Notebook) throws in everything he can recycle to grab a core-demo viewer -- slutty teens making out, blaring rock music, guns, split screens.
Tension and high emotional level of the players is the style of Cassavetes' docudrama and, for the most part, it works toward keeping you fascinated with a truly singular case in the annals of drug crime.
Flashy but skin-deep...all the sound and fury can't disguise the fact that Alpha Dog doesn't signify much.
The idea may sound melodramatic but the result has realistic bite.
I forgive Cassavetes for The Notebook. Timberlake is terrific. There was Alex De Large, Johnny Boy and then Begbie; now there's Ben Foster's Jack Mazursky.
If nothing else, Alpha Dog's worth a look for the performance of Justin Timberlake, the moral center of a movie sorely in need of some conscience.
Timberlake walks off with the movie. Too bad it's not worth stealing.
Film hovers between sociology (story is from headline news) and cinema, between the social-issue movie genre and exploitation flick--Cassavetes can't find the dramatic core--but it's not boring to watch due to injection of energy and excessive style
Pot may impair your decision-making, but only speed will drive a man to drop trou and crap on another's living room floor.
This is a well-made ensemble movie in which actors take chances with uncomfortably repulsive characters or roles unlike any previous performances.
Director Nick Cassavetes has a blast with scenes of testosterone-fueled aggression (until it's time to repent), working the subwoofer in a way that'll surely boost DVD sales among boys with bedroom posters of Tony Montana.
What starts off as another seeming teenboy-targeted flick celebrating would-be gangbangers becomes a more interesting docudrama about a kidnapping turned tragic in Nick Cassavetes's Alpha Dog.
A gritty urban crime drama involving teenagers, guns, drugs and sex, all sharply acted, well-directed and astutely put together
Alpha Dog is standard-issue tabloid fare pimped out as a serious true-crime saga.







@highlight

A glossy yet unflinching portrait of violent, hedonistic teenagers. Bruce Willis and Sharon Stone chew the scenery, while Justin Timberlake gives a noteworthy performance.