It's Lego-Power Rangers...it is straight up the plot of Might Morphin Power Rangers the movie.
This is still a solid LEGO movie with a great voice cast.
The action is non-stop, the jokes (though aimed a little lower than usual) are rapid-fire, and the Lego world of bright colors and mechs and machines is something that Lego fans can enjoy.
It's certainly brash and breezy enough to keep youngsters mildly amused, though adults may well agree that it's time to say leggo to Lego, which isn't even an element crucial to much of this underwhelming adventure.
The LEGO Ninjago Movie is almost as fun and irreverent as the previous installments in this click-together build-a-world of corporate animation.
The Lego Ninjago Movie is as effective and ephemeral as its predecessors... [Full review in Spanish]
While it has little of the wit and charm that made the two previous Lego entries so special, it still maintains the passion and life-affirming elements that have come to represent these pictures.
The Lego Ninjago Movie is the third movie based on the lego franchise and it's the weakest one yet.
More exhausting than endearing, the film tries to jam every frame with as many sight gags and one-liners as possible, presumably to cover a plot that plays out like a silly Power Rangers-style superhero saga.
Overall, the film is a joy ride as it boasts of an adorable father-son quirky banter and the ninja adventures. You are bound to fall in love with Dave Franco and Justin Theroux for sure. Watch it.
Time to put the Lego back in its box, methinks.
Its high-energy exploits should go down well enough with the younger end of Lego's cinema audience, but its story is formulaic and its jokes (apart from a brilliant feline cameo) spring no surprises.
The Lego Ninjago Movie could be the funniest film of 2017.
Very silly, very funny and particularly recommended for fans of hokey chopsocky films and kittens.
Lego Ninjago, conversely, can't sustain its central joke over an overlong 101 minutes. Everything is not quite awesome.
Unless you are a kid who was just fed a jar of sugar, I'd say it'd be quite tough to keep up with this annoying, screaming film.
There are more misses than hits in The Ninjago Movie.
I can't knock it as a half-term family treat.
Just as Toy Story did by featuring an owner of the toys, it reminds us that these films are about play and imagination. Yes, they're also effectively feature-length adverts for Lego, but this is rampant capitalism at its most arch and entertaining.
A pretty cynical toy advert reconfigured as a standard issue hero's journey movie, one replete with trite life lessons that make it about as entertaining as the last Kung Fu Panda film.
A sad turn-up for a franchise which has already proven dazzlingly adept at staging Michael Bay-style madcap spectacle on a toy-box scale.
The Lego Ninjago Movie has its moments... but risks drifting off into inanity in a way that the earlier films in the franchise didn't.
It's pretty fast, pretty furious and needs a fair amount of perceptual footwork. If you go, let the children take you.
Pathos and charm required from original LEGO Movie, not sold separately.
With each offer the quality of the animation of these films is giving more visual dynamism to what can be done with these cinematic adventures built with Lego toys. [Full review in Spanish]
You forget that you are watching plastic bricks on screen and settle in nicely to enjoy the spectacle. As a result, in perhaps in one of the most unsurprising reviews of the year, The LEGO Ninjago Movie is exactly what you expect - bloody good fun.
The film is full of the nostalgic charm of the cartoon series and wittily references the fact it is entirely made out of fingerprint-smudged bricks in a way Lego Batman kind of forgot.
While fun and heartwarming, The Lego Ninjago Movie's predictability, along with the problematic nature of its setting, hold it back from being as fresh as its predecessors.
Tots will enjoy, but there's no denying the pieces don't quite click together. Best giant moggy since The Goodies, mind.
The Lego Ninjago Movie codifies the amusing pleasures and simple riffs of 2014's The Lego Movie into a kid-friendly adventure satire without the original's zany transformative energy or homage to creative invention
While the franchise needs a rest, the film's slapstick sense of fun should satisfy even the most hyperactive imagination.
Three films in, and the Lego franchise remains hugely entertaining - though it could do with being less of a chip off the old block.
... without a doubt the most basic of the movies to date. [Full review in Spanish]
At its best when it embraces just what makes the toys fun.
Struggling to maintain the freshness of the previous installments, the story doesn't really have much going for it...
The result is still fun and colourful, but lacking some Master Builder magic.
A film that the youngest and less demanding film enthusiasts will be able to enjoy, laugh and have a good time. [Full review in Spanish]
The Lego Ninjago Movie, unfortunately, doesn't reach the same heights as its predecessors. While the animation is still extremely well done, the humour that was present in the previous films is notably absent.
Whilst still entertaining enough to satisfy, Lego Ninjago is definitely the weakest entry in the franchise.
Cranked out by an unruly mob of three directors and nine writers, this third outing is of interest only to kids ages five to seven-and any parents with serious daddy issues.
If you're in charge of anyone who liked the other two Lego movies, then you can take them to The Lego Ninjago Movie confident enough they'll be happy with this one too.
Even as a step down, The Lego Ninjago Movie is still a lot of fun and superior to the majority of animated options out there for the whole family.
Familiar, frenetic family fare that becomes yet another brick-building commercial.
The storytelling is uneven and may be difficult to understand for the younger demographic. However, that target audience will still connect to the frenetic battle scenes, sophomoric humor (butt jokes, anyone?) and engaging characters.
If only the movie's many writers - more than 10 - picked up some tips from the cartoons and kept the plot engaging.
The movie builds up so much goodwill through its effervescent humour and spectacular set pieces that, like Garmadon, it is easy to look past its shortcomings.
With nine writers and one-hundred-and-one minutes-at the risk of sounding like Andy Rooney's reanimated husk-you'd think that would be enough to do a complete job.
The LEGO Ninjago Movie isn't quite as joke-packed as its predecessors, although it offers plenty of laughs nonetheless.
The animators seem undaunted by the script's shortcomings and their work is often spectacular.
See a franchise jump-the-shark -- literally.
Finally places the franchise securely in territory it's managed to avoid twice, against all odds: this movie pretty obviously just wants to sell toys to kids.
An irregular entertainment that doesn't measure up to its precedents. [Full review in Spanish]
A disappointingly plastic addition to both the Lego and ninja cannons.
The LEGO Ninjago Movie is an underwhelming series installment hamstrung by a thin script and weak characters that don't leave much of an impact.
For the most part, The Lego Ninjago Movie comes together wonderfully.
It's light on its feet and totally confident about what it is and what it isn't. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, etc. - also Available)
Whatever the franchise targets next, my best advice is going back to square one.
Relies much more on generic pop music (the kind that "Everything is Awesome" was satirizing), famous needle drops and real celebrity cameos than any of the other LEGO movies needed. It's jangling keys at the kids which is beneath the LEGO brand.
I won't give away one of the best gags, but the sight of a giant cat causing mayhem in a city built of LEGOs definitely makes up for some of the film's less inspired passages.
Overall, it's solid enough for kids and adults to enjoy.
Plenty of fake kung fu in fun comedy with toy ninjas.
With The Lego Ninjago Movie, the third in the series, the novelty is gone. We're now familiar with seeing plastic cube characters animated in all their awkward but effective glory.
The self-awareness is back with a vengeance in The Lego Ninjago Movie, but the story line is a few bricks shy of a play set.
The movie is just a heck of a lot of fun.
Despite comically inspired vocal performances from Justin Theroux and Dave Franco as nutjob Lego versions of Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker, the action and jokes pile up with exhausting repetitiveness.
The LEGO Ninjago Movie is the weakest of the LEGO big-screen adaptations, a derivative regurgitation of what the toy line has already done in preceding films.
It all snaps together easily, just like it says on the box.
The law of diminishing returns continues to take its toll on the Lego franchise here as Lego's Ninjago TV series gets the big-screen treatment. The cute self-referencing that peppered [the first two films] goes into overdrive in Ninjago.
This one feels like it's telling a story in order to sell toys, instead of letting the toys serve as the spirit for a story.
It's colorful and entertaining, but it does not come close to its hilariously meta predecessors.
The brick-based franchise's third outing, The LEGO Ninjago Movie, mixes Hong Kong-style martial arts and Japanese kaiju monster traditions into a smartly funny adventure that will have kids and adults laughing in equal measure.
You may call the latest movie a blatant attempt to boost sales of the building toy, and you'd be right ... But that would be less of a problem if there were more than mere commercial aspirations up on the screen.
...or how the inventive surprise of "The Lego Movie" has turned into creative bankruptcy in just two steps.
There's no there there, and the film never seems to know what it's playing with besides the idea of movies in general.
Just three movies in, the Lord/Miller LEGO genre is showing signs of exhaustion.
Instead of being enjoyable, it's exasperating.
The bloom is definitely off the brick. The anarchic spirit and spitball humour of The Lego Movie and The Lego Batman Movie have been replaced by characters and gags from a faulty assembly line.
Everything is still mostly awesome.
The Lego Ninjago Movie comes down to a 'be yourself' message that's so half-hearted that, even as I'm typing this, I'm not entirely sure it was the message of the movie.
The storytelling is often over-adrenalized and the visuals eye-popping, but the humor and sweetness make The Lego Ninjago Movie a winner. And if you're a 7-year-old, it might even be the best movie ever made.
A genial but undercooked Lego product, one that tries hard to apply the recipe of the brand from previous films-smart dialogue and witty visuals-to an inferior story, and only sporadically succeeds.
It's so eager to please that it doesn't. It's so formulaic and predictable that there are no surprises.
While The LEGO Ninjago Movie does venture into overly cliched and cheesy territory at times, the performances of its actors and excited attitude of the material keep it from ever going stale.
There is something unsettling about a predominantly white creative team making a movie starring mostly white voice-actors about a popular art form that hails from another, non-white part of the world.
While it's the weakest of the three LEGO movies thus far, it's still surprisingly sweet and charming.
THE LEGO NINJAGO MOVIE may not be quite as perfectly built as the first two, but it is a terrific adventure with a ton of laughs and a magnificent villain courtesy of Justin Theroux.
Ninjago reeks of the dreaded marketing ploy, wherein a subset of LEGO's omnivorous, pop-cultural universe is shunted out into the public arena minus so much of the topical wit and actual emotion of the prior two films.
Often, "The Lego Ninjago Movie" feels like it's obeying the conventions of throwaway entertainment when it should be making more of an effort to comment on it.
At its best, it recycles elements from The LEGO Movie in ways that feel cheap and redundant. At its worst, it's a tedious bore.
The pieces are all there, but they never really snap into place.
"The LEGO Ninjago Movie" is a worthwhile entry into this growing universe, expanding it but not really evolving it. It's fun, but not especially memorable.
No doubt that "The LEGO Ninjago Movie" will delight eight year olds everywhere, but guardians, parents, and older siblings may find themselves mentally checking out of the picture before the first act is over.
Maybe you already knew teenage Lego ninjas were a thing. Maybe you already knew they were fighting an evil warlord. Maybe you already purchased Lego's Ninjago City playset, which retails for $300.
"Lego Ninjago" has three directors, with eight credited writers. An honest effort is still being made, but the committee approach is felt on screen.
"Ninjago" is such a carbon copy that it barely counts as its own movie.
The franchise's toy-brick animated aesthetic remains visually addictive, but there's not much else that stands out in this cheery trifle, which credits as many writers as "The LEGO Movie" and "The LEGO Batman Movie" combined.
Three movies into the animated Lego franchise, the once-unexpected has become formulaic, and the pop-culture quips and meta-humor have started to run a bit thin.
...feels like the lazy offering we expected back in those cynical days when they first announced a Lego movie, and that's pretty damning.
There's a giant robot that shoots sharks yelling "nom nom nom nom nom nom" - this is objectively funny in any language.
Inferior to the two previous Lego movies, yet funny and entertaining enough for the younger crowd. [Full review in Spanish]
I'm sorry to report that the Lego movie enterprise has lapsed into intentional mediocrity.
The LEGO Ninjago Movie is a hyper visual adventure loaded with humor and warmth. Kids will be dazzled by the frenetic animation, while enjoying a lot of laughs with the adults.
An alternately high-octane, hilarious and heartwarming cinematic treat that's hard to beat!
this martial arts-driven affair marks a steady drop in quality for the tricksy, bricksy franchise that is hard to overlook.
The plot sticks relentlessly to the most reductive version of the 'hero's journey' formula.
It is another enjoyable entry in the overarching LEGO franchise, but the delightfully sharp spark that made the first two LEGO films so great isn't quite there.
Warner Bros. animation has finally made the uninspired Lego cartoon that so many people were expecting from The Lego Movie back in early 2014.
The film's cumulative effect is utter exhaustion, the cinematic equivalent of chasing a toddler through a toy store.
Every bit as irreverent, smart, and ridiculously entertaining as its predecessors, The LEGO Ninjago Movie works even if you have no idea what a 'Ninjago' is.
This mini-franchise may be running out of steam.
'Ninjago' is mildly entertaining, and kids should find it pleasurable enough, but it's missing that special spark, the kind of joyful flicker that compels children to ask for the movie on DVD at Christmas.
Adults can appreciate the verbal byplay. For the kids, there's frenzied noise, and those toys.
Lego's #3 still beats some studios' #1, but they can't afford to keep the decline going
The franchise is showing signs of fatigue but for now, there's enough here to play with.
While parents may miss the second-level smarts of its predecessors, kids should fall right into the fun.
Still plenty entertaining and occasionally very funny, "Ninjago" nonetheless displays symptoms of diminishing returns, and Lego might want to shuffle its pieces a bit before building yet another film with this same model.
Ninjago strongly captures the same manically entertaining and often hilarious nature of its predecessors, though it lacks The Lego Movie's originality and The Lego Batman Movie's commitment to go-for-broke chaos.
A perfectly adequate family film for kids who love watching things they've seen many times before (which is to say, most kids), it offers plenty of chuckles for their parents but nothing approaching the glee of that first Lego Movie.
Though suffering from diminishing returns, the LEGO franchise still has some spark.

@highlight

Despite ample charm and a few solid gags, The Lego Ninjago Movie suggests this franchise's formula isn't clicking like it used to.