It's supposed to be magical and charming, of course, but it's more annoying than engaging.
From director and writer Peter Hedges comes a wonderful tale about the power of intention, being careful of what you wish for, self-acceptance, love, loss, and new beginnings.
Likely to please younger audiences who will find the simple, fairy story style arc comfortingly familiar and the central protagonist quirkily relatable.
Even allowing for a certain level of unreality in a movie intended as an allegory, The Odd Life of Timothy Green smells of contrivance and falseness.
Instead of wanting to turn over a new "leaf," I wound up OD-ing on sap.
As odd as the title suggests, this is a strange and dreadfully overwrought family yarn.
Not so much moving as stomach churning.
It looks and sounds like your average family feelgood movie, but everything else about it is just plain odd.
A slice of retro whimsy, it's rooted to nothing in particular and is inoffensive in every way except its overwhelming blandness.
[A] painfully sentimental, would-be magical tale ...
The Odd Life of Timothy Green, finds Disney at an altogether new low, capped off by a cringeworthy dance sequence that will make you scream for Timothy to crawl back into his magical hole.
Timothy's magic is as modest as can be, and its aim is a bit off... [U]ndemanding, inoffensive, and instantly forgettable.
This is a remarkably bonkers example of Hollywood schmaltz. It's so glossy and gooey, it makes Forrest Gump look like Fight Club.
A gooey mess, but not an entirely dislikable one.
A bizarre parable about parenting, the picture is nicely acted and occasionally touching but the lugubrious story is both dull and preposterous.
The Odd Life Of Timothy Green made me shiver, like having a lizard crawl over your face when you're asleep.
Has ever a film battled more fruitlessly against the creepiness of its own premise than The Odd Life of Timothy Green?
Disney gone pathologically fey.
It's not afraid to deal with darker issues - that childhood isn't forever - and Adams plays it just the right side of mawkish while Hedges makes sure it's anything but a smooth ride.
Relentlessly mawkish wish-fulfilment fantasy drama that fails to engage on any meaningful level, to the point where you end up feeling sorry for the actors.
Odd indeed.
The bittersweet mood pervades until the final frames when Hedges contrives a satisfying resolution that should leave a few lumps in throats.
This  is wholesome whimsy, but only the very green can fail  to spot where the plot is heading after the first leaf drops and the symbolism needs pruning.
It has quirky charm and a tender heart, but the treacly sentiment may become wearisome.
Hedges usually strikes a better balance of darkness and light, but with this film, reveals feet of clay.
Odd is exactly the right word for this curious experience.
An outdated oddity.
For some, the message of "The Odd Life of Timothy Green" will be rewarding enough. I wanted more complexity, and less melodrama and movie-of-the-week messaging.
Disney-schmaltz, family-values hokum, and dopey clichés ('anything's possible,' 'different's OK,' etc.), syrup over the intriguing allegory. If only the movie had plunged deeper into its well of meaning and stopped jerking at our heartstrings.
Sappy family drama never overcomes its peculiar fantasy premise.
A love letter to helicopter parents this is a ridiculous, if well-meaning, film that needs a good pruning.
A fable beyond belief
What the movie needs is an element of fun -- or at least childlike wonder -- to balance out the foreboding gloom that hangs over every interaction.
If it's not quite as deep as it would like, Timothy Green does what it sets out to do better than most.
... rather solemn whimsy, but hard to dislike ...
"The Odd Life of Timothy Green" is not your garden-variety feel-good kids' film, but it's a quirky, tender and mature ode to parenting that is equally entertaining for adults and children.
Positive stories like this one are much needed in these hard economic times, just as they were needed in the Great Depression during the 1930s.
Refreshingly well written and acted for what it is.
[It] gets a tad bittersweet in its finale, but it's Disney schmaltz of the highest order. By the end, the movie grows on you.
... sees its fleeting charms cancelled out by too many aggressive tugs at the heartstrings.
If there were an Academy Award for the film that gave the greatest effort to simply like it, The Odd Life of Timothy Green would be unbeatable.
The movie has some truly lovely moments, achieved through total open-heartedness, and then some awfully awkward ones, arrived at through the same means.
The film is schmaltzy and very saccharine, so sweet it'll give you a toothache.
While definitely odd, I'm surprised about the lack of magic, heart-warming feelings in this film.
A family film that has the Disney magic - just not enough of it.
A story for childless adults made and marketed for the children those adults don't even have yet.
With such a premise, it should induce heartfelt emotional reactions, maybe even tears. It didn't for me.
When you hear the late-night thunder and see the ragged hole in the ground from which the boy has emerged, you may wish this 'Odd Life' had been conceived by Stephen King rather than Ahmet Zappa.
Just whom exactly is this movie for?
Usually I can get into this movies, I get invested, I want to root for the characters but it took to long to get anywhere in this movie. There wasn't that Disney magic sprinkle you'd think would be in a movie like this.
It almost got me, it almost did. The overall storyline had promise, but this film just didn't quite have that magic touch that it could have. I was expecting forrest Gump meets D.A.R.Y.L and instead I got- Who cares with Leaves.
I'm all up for a good mushy movie, but this one is softer in the head than the heart. The screenplay skims over important events or exchanges as if it's describing what happens rather than actually showing it. This film doesn't earn its moments.
A touching fable, Odd Life benefits from an eager cast and a unique sensitivity, finding a comfortable, endearing position between a bizarre premise and its enthusiastic execution.
The Odd Life of Timothy Green is just average. Oddly, and ironically, being average is what gives the film its charm.
This is a slight fantasy that asks viewers to buy into an awful lot...
Eager to please but ultimately unable to do so..While it will undoubtedly produce the waterworks, the laughs are a little harder to come by.
Noble failures are still failures... no matter how hard they try.
The well-intentioned fantasy pic delivers heavy-handed unbearable obvious Hallmark Card messages about tolerance.
This sweet, whimsical, bittersweet tale is one of the summer's nicest surprises.
Writer-director Peter Hedges has found a gem in young actor CJ Adams to play his magical character.
A stupendous cast is completely wasted in underwritten roles as various family members and employers in the town's sole enterprise: pencil production.
It's hard to believe that Hedges once wrote some decent light fiction (What's Eating Gilbert Grape, An Ocean in Iowa) before he started making greeting-card movies like Dan in Real Life and this one.
I would describe Timothy Green's life as more twee than odd.
"There comes a point where "Odd Life of Timothy Green" is just too sentimental and too odd."
Writer-director Peter Hedges' family fantasy drama is sentimental and slickly produced--as well as thinly plotted and somewhat thematically disquieting.
A fable about parenting and its accompanying joys and sorrows, done in the trademark Walt Disney style of pleasant, feel-good entertainment that doesn't leave much of an emotional trace.
It's not quite goofy enough to appeal primarily to kids, but it's also too simplistic and underdeveloped to grab most adult viewers.
It seems as if Zappa had a good premise, but neither he nor Hedges could expand upon it without resorting to cliché.
So it's just a coincidence that the couple's name is Green, and their son is some sort of triffid?
My eyes rolled so many times I probably looked like I was having a stroke.
Sentimental family drama about the magic of raising a kid.
Mostly, The Odd Life of Timothy Green feels contrived , if undeniably sweet.
"The Odd Life of Timothy Green" is not great; it is not even remarkable. It is simply a relaxing respite that celebrates the concept of family.
You know that fine line separating "good" weird from just plain off-putting? Today, there are mouse-shaped footprints all over it.
If I do the same thing, will Kate Beckinsale emerge from my garden?
A clunker from an immensely gifted filmmaker.
The lack of focus in the narrative and the rather grating performance from the young man playing its title character causes it to annoy more than entertain.
...a watchable endeavor that's often more effective as an actor's showcase than as a fully-realized drama...
[It] feels like a retreat - into manufactured drama shellacked with sticky sentimentality, into risk-free storytelling full of coldly contrived conflict.
The film feels like it was harvested before it was fully ripe and ready to be picked for our pleasure. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It's the sort of thing you'll either find enchanting or an excellent reason to reach for the Scotch.
I liked its gently comic take on humanity. It has a sense of wonder and a conviction that, by and large, people are good, both of which give it the old-fashioned feel of the kind of book that used to become a children's classic.
Anyone with an expectation of reality, or an aversion to mawkish melodrama, should probably stay home.
Hedges is a determined romantic and a bit of a saphead. He's also humane.
"The Odd Life of Timothy Green" is the sort of movie you actually hope kids see. How rare is that?
[It] invites critical derision, and Mom always taught me it was rude to refuse an invitation.
Someday we should hold a contest to see who's better at smiling through tears: Robin Williams or Jennifer Garner.
"The Odd Life of Timothy Green" never earns the tears it works so hard to generate.
Not only is the story dreamed up by producer Ahmet Zappa even odder than the title indicates, its execution gets increasingly irritating as the film goes on.
A sun-dappled, heartwarming family film about a 10-year-old who sprouts out of the garden one magic night. It stars an extraordinary boy, C.J. Adams, with an extraordinary pair of gray eyes that gleam with joy and insight.
Even when the logic isn't quite there - something about the fragility of life comes up in the third act and really just lays there - like Cindy and Jim Green, its good intentions are reward enough.
The movie should have been called Diary of a Wimpy Forrest Gump.
A pleasant if occasionally humdrum fairy tale, "The Odd Life of Timothy Green" lets us spend two hours in the company of some very nice people.
The ghastliness of this damp and squishy comedy is the byproduct of a confused and earnest sentimentality, a willful devotion to wide-eyed wonder that confuses simplicity with simple-mindedness.
It is sweet but tries to avoid sentimentality, at least for as long as it can. And the casting of CJ Adams as the title character goes a long way toward forgiving the lapses.
"The Odd Life" is not just odd, it's morbid and morose.
"The Odd Life of Timothy Green" is Disney's formula flawlessly executed.
The kind of full-bodied family film being pushed aside in favor of franchises and slam-bang confusion.
An achingly sweet parent-and-child tearjerker that's every bit as precious as its title.
has all the charm and good-natured enthusiasm that will appeal to children, but this is one that parents might love even more.
As for the illusion of the inherently fanciful nature of the tale, the framing scenes become an even greater problem.
Produced by Walt Disney Pictures, this live-action fable is the best original project the studio has rustled together in at least a few years.
As in his other work, Hedges acquits himself more honorably as writer than director of a family fable that strains too much to achieve whimsy, charm, magic.
Sappy and corny...a sluggish fairy-tale, more silly than magical.
So creepy and anti-magical it calls into question the pathology that created it.
Just what drew writer/director Peter Hedges to this ill-conceived idea? The story might be credited to Ahmet Zappa, but clearly it springs from the Scandinavian...comically nightmarish "Little Otik" by Czech stop motion animator Jan Svankmajer in 2000.
The Odd Life Of Timothy Green plays it too safe, scrupulously avoiding turning into a downer while nodding toward themes of mortality, aging, and loss. It wants to warm hearts without ever daring to break them.
The movie's cloying cotton-candy flavor develops a seriously astringent aftertaste.
Timothy flings grown-up ideas at the viewer but rips the teeth from them rather than risk our discomfort.
If you're up for having your heart warmed... and have the patience to go on its short but sweet journey, [it] is truly a family fable for all ages.
Frankly I'm stumped, wondering exactly who the audience is for such a drab slab of saccharine uplift. If little Timmy falls in a forest and no one is in the theater to notice, will he make a sound?
Kids are too smart to fall for it, and any grown-up who thinks that "The Odd Life of Timothy Green" is funny or heartwarming has a head made out of cabbage.
It made me want to go on a sugar cleanse.
Take the remarkably disingenuous Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, then replace the exploitation of 9/11 with an insulting adoption fairy tale.
The only thing growing in these rows is corn - the kind used to make high-fructose syrup.
Fantastic though the story may be, the people in it need to make it feel real, and no one in "Timothy Green" has any claim to authenticity.
A magical film in the vein of E.T. where an otherworldly event changes a family forever
Timothy's own destiny is flagged fairly early on, leaving the story nowhere much to go.
With just the right dose of magic and no shortage of sentiment, this inspirational parenting tale from writer-director Peter Hedges plays like Mary Poppins in reverse.
A fairy tale about parenting that stays kid-friendly without completely glossing over the darker themes of its premise.
Disney draws a big fat bullseye on the fast-growing infertile-couple demographic with this airless misfire.
An enchanting fairytale designed for young and old alike with a satisfying payoff for anyone willing to suspend disbelief in the face of a supernatural storyline with an implausible premise.
Uniquely enchanting, wish-fulfillment fantasy fable
Lighthearted, but emotionally sincere, writer/director Peter Hedges's tale of a boy created out of best intentions is yet another addition to this year's batch of magic realist movies.
Oozing with undeserved sentimentality.
An enchanting fairytale designed for young and old alike with a satisfying payoff for anyone willing to suspend disbelief in the face of a supernatural storyline with an implausible premise.

@highlight

It means well, but The Odd Life of Timothy Green is ultimately too cloyingly sentimental -- and thinly scripted -- to satisfy all but the least demanding viewers.