Smith has proven he can create a dark, intense film that is riveting and raw, and unabashed in its examination of the serious threat of the religious right in America.
Phenomenal
Smith's greatest failure with Red State is that he will provide Fred Phelps with an even bigger ego to go along with the boosted Google alerts he is bound to receive.
The acting in this film is excellent, especially by Parks and by Academy Award winner Melissa Leo, who plays Sarah Cooper, another gun-toting true believer in the church. John Goodman also is very good as an ATF agent.
Kevin Smith breaks with his lo-fi comedy tradition to deliver a horror story with themes of sex, religion and politics.
The characters are one-dimensional, the plot is a shambles and the preaching gets so tedious you'll be praying yourself for divine intervention.
It's an often-funny, sometimes precious, but always kind-of-scary little flick worth a note. If this was Smith's first film, he would be touted as a new talent to watch out for.
A flat, talky, derivative "horror" film that's not very controversial despite how much it thinks it is.
Taking equal opportunity swipes at Christian fundamentalist bigots and the US government, Kevin Smith's subversively satirical movie keeps its audience continually off balance.
One of the best white trash horror films in recent memory.
Calculated to outrage and executed to underwhelm, Kevin Smith's Red State is like a dull blade slashing wildly, predictably and ineffectually at its target.
Full of controversial subjects and interesting characters, it's the story that ultimately fails.
If his performance were contained in some other film, a so-called 'serious' movie about religion and politics, for example, Michael Parks would be discussed as an Academy Awards contender.
'Red State' is full of many 'almosts' - it's almost action, almost horror, almost groundbreaking and almost excellent.
It's Kevin Smith, though, which means that "all over the shop" is par for the course, and the shop that Red State wanders all over is, for the most part, compelling.
A simplistic, poorly-constructed exercise in low-rent genre moviemaking. It's as if Kevin Smith made the movie just so he could promote it.
Director Kevin Smith rebounds in a major way from the Cop Out debacle with a heady thriller that subversively comments on religion, law enforcement, the media and gun control.
It's a charming if conspicuously unfinished film, a half-riotous, half-idiotic send-up of the teen horror genre with a vaguely hip political twist.
This is easily Smith's most mature endeavor to date, and it shows significant growth as a filmmaker. And that's what makes Red State both a triumph and a let-down.
Kevin Smith fans will be curious about Red State, but few others will be able to endure its tub-thumping attempts at topicality or its lack of storytelling skill.
As separate acts, as well written movements meant to completely undermine the state of organized religion today, Red State is mesmerizing.
Red State indicates a new level of boldness in Smith, resulting in his best film to date.
It's a really strange film, terribly violent on one level and on another filled with lengthy, long-winded philosophical discourses and blind alleys
In its efforts to accommodate Smith's argument the storyline gets decidedly messy. The slacker has become didactic and it doesn't suit him one bit.
Red State is a bit unpolished - a timestamp appears just once and completely without reason, for instance - but the film has bite and purpose, and it's gripping to watch.
Kevin Smith's best film ever? If it's not, it's damn close. And if you don't know who Kevin Smith is, don't worry: this film's a blast, Smith fan or no.
A somewhat return to form for director Kevin Smith, this flawed but strangely compelling indie flick is refreshingly unpredictable.
An impressive departure for Kevin Smith...
Although the plot "twists" somewhat derail the narrative and send the picture into a tailspin, credit must go to Smith for providing plenty of surprises. Red State is not so much scary as it is shocking, but shocking it most definitely is.
Kevin Smith shoots action like a boss. Who knew?
For those who believe self-styled indie filmmaker Kevin Smith to be a one-trick pony - and there are many - this curious horror-thriller will come as something of a shock.
Deftly offsets its grindhouse excesses with an undercurrent of black humour, some adroit social satire and a string of strong performances that help Smith negotiate the unsettling plot developments he includes to keep audiences on their toes.
Even in its most off-kilter moments, the performances carry it: Goodman and Parks, particularly, are superb.
It becomes crude, equal-opportunity comedy...
Gripping and edgy, and all the performances are outstanding
Unadulterated rampant ugliness illustrated by vio
One of the most grotesque films of 2011...
Scatters its plotlines all over the place and doesn't seem able to match its comedy with the parodic blood-letting.
Ugly characterizations and simplistic preachiness negate the terror in Red State-a film that eventually proves horrific in ways unintended by writer/director Kevin Smith.
Its cynicism both cultivates and dissipates the bouts of humour in one of Smith's most radical yet frank pieces of film-making yet that throws out a collection of controversial ideas.
This is Smith's best film for a while.
Some lugubrious preaching aside, this is taut, unpredictable and eerie, with good performances, including from John Goodman as an exasperated FBI agent.
The movie undeniably has Things To Say about America's culture wars, but it would be easier to respect if Smith's borrowings from Quentin Tarantino and the Coen brothers weren't so blatant and fanboy-ish.
Please don't quit, Kev. We've forgiven you for Jersey Girl. Honest.
A tense journey into the darkness of Middle America, Red State holds the power to both shock and amuse with its increasingly audacious story and strong performances.
It's the rawest exploration of internalised hatred since Michael Winterbottom's take on The Killer Inside Me in April last year.
It's a bit of a mess but there's enough inspired writing and outrageous plot twists to keep you heading for the exit.
Impressively shot and superbly acted, this is an intriguing change of direction from Kevin Smith that's interesting enough to scrape a pass, even if it doesn't always work.
There are jagged tonal shifts and dramatic dead ends. It's messy, but it's thrilling, creepy and continually does things you don't expect.
If nothing else, it's nice to see this director refusing to play by the rules of the multiplex.
One of those movies that's "interesting" rather than "good."
Fantatical horror/thriller, focused on Christian fundamentalists with a sinister agenda.
Smith has never been shy or held back on taboo topics; but here he turns his usual humor into a cynical rant, without a specific comment or a likeable hero. It's very effective and highly powerful.
Undeniably flawed, but Smith manages to find a unique balance between campy fun and disturbing violence that makes the film a sick and twisted experience you can oddly enjoy.
Wants so badly to push viewers' buttons, but struggles to reach them more often than not.
It's very effective and highly powerful, but its main drawback is that it's so darn heavy and black (although it is a merciful 88 minutes).
Smith isn't up to doing anything other than setting up caricatures and then knocking them down.
For all its boisterous profanity and splattery violence, the film is more of a weary sigh than a sputtering volley of indignation.
Despite its many flaws, it's the most provocative and least predictable movie that Kevin Smith has made in years, at least since Dogma way back in 1999.
The startling Red State proves that everything you knew - or thought you knew - about Kevin Smith is wrong.
With Red State, Smith ventures far outside his comfort zone of endlessly chatty films about pop-culture-damaged slackers and into exhilaratingly unfamiliar waters. He's taking as many bold chances artistically as he is commercially.
A brave attempt from Smith to break away from dialogue-heavy comedy, Red State doesn't lack for ideas. What it does lack is an ability to execute them sharply.
Often messy and frequently distracted, but possessing a violent, verbose, angry intensity that seizes your guts and doesn't let go.
Red State will piss off a lot of people for a lot of reasons, but it's impossible not be swept up in its manic energy and confrontational politicking.
Neither the masterpiece Smith's partisans claim nor the bomb his detractors insist.
Red State feels cynical and unresolved, and that's about right, given the thorny areas Smith is wading into.
It's official: Cop Out is no longer the worst movie in Kevin Smith's filmography. Red State is a disaster.
[Smith's] tedious foul-mouthed dialogue ... seems more obnoxious than ever when it brings action and suspense sequences to a grinding halt.
Kevin Smith's ambition outreaches his talent in Red State, a horror thriller with ultra-fanatical religion in its cross hairs, yet firing blanks in its commentary.
Kevin Smith is mostly knocking down straw men and seething at phantoms.
a frustratingly fantastic movie that would be better and leave more of an impact if it bothered to take some kind of a side
Part chiller, part lecture, Red State is a jumble of ideas and characterizations tossed haphazardly into an unnervingly disconnected motion picture, which often feels unfinished and calculated instead of winningly feral.
Be it the acting, the cinematography, or the editing, Smith has a hell of an experience for us.
The film alternates between being heavy handed and moronic, and it seems to be informed by a 15 year olds' understanding of Waco filtered through the paranoid ramblings of a stoner.
Billed as something of a horror movie, the shifting sands of its tone make it neither fish nor fowl, as Smith flirts with comedy, action and horror without carrying off any of them particularly convincingly.
Real life isn't filmed quite so nicely, but it's not inconceivable that the film's events could actually happen while we watch it all unfold on CNN, or read about it on Twitter.
Add a bunch of forgettable characters (including a one-note Melissa Leo) and an ending which flirts with (but then flees from) a truly provocative climax, and you've got a project which perhaps only Rob Zombie could have made something of.
Kevin Smith may not care what I have to say, and may be inexplicably trying to keep me from saying it, but here goes: 'Red State' is sturdy, unnerving, and kind of brilliant.
If Red State isn't necessarily Kevin Smith's best picture, it most certainly is his best-directed. It's a smart, mature film from a man who, now, has artistically come-of-age.
It offers some very tense moments, and some good, old-fashioned revenge escapism, but in an effort to make it a straight genre film, Smith misses out on some great opportunities to pack a more emotional punch.
Red State is so off-the-map that it doesn't cohere as a whole.
For pages and pages Smith decides to tell not show.
The intensity is brutal, like relentless horror movies where even the survivors, if there are any, still go through hell.
Red State is cleverly contrarian enough to get a rise out of almost any audience.
Frustratingly inconsistent.
For better or worse, Red State just doesn't have the elements we expect from a Kevin Smith movie, and horror fans will feel especially ripped off with how little the film resembles anything that may be deemed conventional horror.
A messy, ambitious disappointment.

@highlight

Red State is an audacious and brash affair that ultimately fails to provide competent scares or thrills.