A gross-out movie with a sweet story.
[The actors are] all believably mischievous--and, when the need arises, they're also convincingly courageous in taking a moral stand.
With its universal themes about fitting in, How To Eat Fried Worms is an endearing family film guaranteed to provide a wriggling good time. While the premise has a certain gross-out factor which will delight eleven year old boys, the script is clever, and
not particularly original or effective
...Isn't about or for anyone past puberty.
Of course, the adults don't matter much compared with the middle-school version of the Crips, and the young cast is enjoyable indeed.
"How to Eat Fried Worms" is a tasty little treat for grade-school kids.
Throughout this fifth-grade Fear Factor, there are scattered lessons on the ills of bullying, the benefit of being true to yourself, the joy of true friendship. But really, what boy is going to remember a moral when there's an exploding worm?
This is a movie for kids in the 8-12 range who see it as something that reflects their own lives. You may not care about How to Eat Fried Worms, but your kids will.
Yes, the movie can be outstandingly irritating. But it's also a lot of fun, with keen instincts on kids' love for the gross-out.
One of the most amateurish essays in excruciating tedium I've encountered in a year that's hardly lacked for tedium.
...The direction is lackluster, the child actors - with the exception of Eisenberg - are pretty dismal, and the whole thing is about 15 minutes too long.
The lessons about bullying and standing up for yourself aren't forced too strongly, giving How to Eat Fried Worms the same appeal as the best Little Rascals shorts.
It's actually kind of disgusting and gross, and I'm sure that's the point, but I don't see the entertainment value in watching a kid eat one worm after another, after another, after another.
bears all the hallmarks of a low-grade kiddie matinee, including... cardboard characters and several incidents in which people scream and run around for no apparent reason, except possibly to keep the audience from dozing off.
Some adults may not enjoy 'How To Eat Fried Worms.' But that doesn't matter: this one is strictly for the kids -- who will no doubt eat it up.
This is a story that could have gone way too far in the direction of the touching tale illustrating how kids overcome their fear of being ridiculed -- but instead maintains a buoyant irreverence.
This cute lesson in standing up to bullies, based on the award-winning Thomas Rockwell book of the same name, is still tailor-made for its target demographic.
Worms has its share of kid-friendly gross-outs but is actually a sweet-natured look at standing up to bullies.
Take the kids to see How to Eat Fried Worms, but hold off on forking over the usual princely sum at the concession stand.
It's a pleasant and well-intentioned end of summer diversion that doesn't possess the imagination-stoking qualities of a premier children's movie.
How to Eat Fried Worms is an innocuous, coming-of-age, 'gross-out' comedy that quickly fades from memory, almost before the final credits roll.
Fried Worms is a Hoot with more laughs, funny enough, so long as you don't consider the worm's point of view.
Unhealthy eating is paired with a wholesome message, as the story encourages youngsters to be themselves, keep their word and accept kids who are different.
A blandly inoffensive 'After School Special'-type comedy based on a perennially popular children's book.
I hope life doesn't imitate art in the other fun movie opening this week, an adaptation of Thomas Rockwell's gross-out 1972 kids' classic How to Eat Fried Worms.
Here's hoping its old-fashioned sensibility appeals to contemporary kids, because we could certainly use more movies as smart and sweet as this one.
Worms has a relaxed, naturalistic quality that allows the cast's child actors to shine.
When it comes time for the movie to impart its lessons, it does so in such a way that kids won't feel like they're being forced to eat their broccoli -- or live worms -- for that matter.
"Puke has a mind of its own." Issued by a kid named Plug, this assessment more or less summarizes the point of How to Eat Fried Worms.
The ooze provides surefire entertainment, wrapped around an uncanny portrait of the paranoia and random persecution that comes with being a new kid.
What we have here is a 90-minute worm-eating contest, a spectacle that could be of interest only to robins, small-mouth bass and eight-to-11-year-old boys. Girls, don't bother. Parents and guardians, if you have to go, plan to take a nap.
Somewhere in How to Eat Fried Worms is a message about keeping your word and the pitfalls of peer pressure.
Issues like family harmony, justice, righting wrongs and telling the truth never go out of fashion and that comes across strong and clear in this less-than-perfect, but still solid, feel-good film.
An appealing juvenile cast distinguishes this otherwise uneven live-action adaptation of Thomas Rockwell's 1973 young adult book.
The anti-bullying message, which is the heart of the story, is too insistent, as the concocting and consuming of the ghastly worm-based snacks very quickly begins to point to a too-obvious conclusion.
If it grows more genial as it pokes along, it still feels like a lesser Nickelodeon special, with adults who are shrill cartoons and kids who are one-note character tics.
Ridiculously uneven but largely good fun.
The movie highlights the pre-teen grossout factor ... at the cost of making the characters remotely relateable.
As yet another children's novel-turned-big-screen flick, Fried Worms has all the wholesome goodness of tomato soup, while the side of crispy larva gives it an extra kick.
By now we're all sick of snakes on a plane, so how about some worms on a plate?
An admirable children's movie that hides a surprisingly palatable lesson about growing up behind the gross-out come-on of its title.
This is exactly what you want for your kids the last week of summer.
Anarchic but charmingly authentic.
Based on the, uh, classic kid's book, Fried Worms captures that feeling of spending a Saturday on a secret mission -- one that seems like the most important thing in the whole world -- until the next day, when you find another one.
Jettisons nearly everything about the book except a few character names and the gross-out subject matter… Didn't anyone involved stop and say, 'Wait a minute — this isn't overcoming bullying, this is bullying'?
Yes, it's a gross-out comedy, but safe for younger viewers.
Hey, kids love the gross-out material, and Worms delivers on that guarantee with vast amounts of charm and upbeat execution. I just wouldn't recommend getting popcorn at the concession stand beforehand.
It's all in the name of innocent childhood goofiness, one last blast of summertime frivolity before the boys have to trudge back to school.
Dolman oversees this belabored big screen adaptation with the creative wiggle of a comatose earthworm...today's precocious pipsqueaks may find Worms a sappy act to swallow
This is a delightfully snips and snails and puppy-dog tails-style movie, based on the book that has happily grossed out kids since 1973.
[This] honest-to-God kid's movie--and a good one, no less...serves up a sweet-natured and reasonably authentic platter of kid culture.
A shrewd, mostly unsentimental portrait about childhood peer relationships and those first few cursory steps toward growing up.
It's nice to spend time in a mostly sunny world where everyone ends up happy. Except, that is, for the worms.
This unpromising set-up actually leads into an entertaining look into male posturing, overcoming new-kid syndrome, and a lesson on standing up for yourself and keeping your word.
The film version of Thomas Rockwell's 1973 book proves refreshingly free of the customary blights that affect most modern childrens movies, notably adult condescension.
Though Fried Worms is not a kids' movie that adults should run out and see, it is a kids' movie that adults should run out and take their kids to.
Children will be elated with the gross-out humor and the secret-world-of-kids theme. Adults will squirm in their seats with boredom; the movie is overly long and predictable.
Kids won't get hit over the head with the messages, but they're not buried so deeply as to be indecipherable.
In too many kid-oriented films, the child actors mouth off like small, sassy adults -- Here, the kids, refreshingly, act like kids.
If your stomach doesn't churn a bit after hearing the title of the children's movie How to Eat Fried Worms, the picture itself may finish the job.
It never manages, under the guidance of director Bob Dolman, to feel as if it's penetrated actual boys' lives.
Worms is one of those rare kiddie flicks that successfully adopt a child's-eye view of the world, where nothing is more important than saving face on the playground and where parents are as distant and clueless as storybook giants.
No worms were harmed in the making of "How to Eat Fried Worms," but one classic book was.
A considerably more digestible serving of children's entertainment than you might expect.
Fried Worms' appeal is right there in its title, only the second-best title of the month (after Snakes on a Plane) but still maybe the second-best title of all time.
Bob Dolman sets dull-as-dishwater images to a straightforward adaptation of Thomas Rockwell's prize-winning kid-lit classic.
a serviceable drama for the pre-teen set, but it doesn't have the acting or the cinematic polish to set it apart as something special.
How to Eat Fried Worms is a lot tastier than its title implies.
Sometimes things need to be shaken up a little for a translation to film. Can't handle that? You can go eat fried worms.
Think of it more as a milder, more palatable version of Fear Factor.
This is a decidedly old-fashioned family film that may prove too quaint for modern auds.



@highlight

This Fear Factor for kids is good-natured and tasty enough.