Great but extremely brutal, vicious revenge story.
..seems to be about the awfulness and inhumanity of vengeance. But watch how the film moves.
Vengeance here's a clever, evolving beast. Dae-su's guardian-like enemy stokes his bloodlust, embittering the free man's returning love of life. The climax is a scarlet swelling into Greek tragedy as truth, reprisal and justice smear.
Both brutal and lyrical, writer-director Park Chan-wook's existential nail-biter has torture scenes that will have you avoiding dentists, sushi bars and badly appointed hotel rooms.
Shakespearean in its violence, Oldboy also calls up nightmare images of spiritual and physical isolation that are worthy of Samuel Beckett or Dostoyevsky.
Banzai-violence kin to "Cast Away" about a man at time's cruel whim, "Oldboy"is an endurance test worth taking. Its conclusion is the most sadistic and destructively wrathful since "Seven," and the point of no return has rarely shocked this much.
Intense and dark but also humorous and moving, this is an ambitious film that fulfils its promise, despite an arguably overly protracted denouement. Excellent.
One of the best imports I've seen in a while...
Vengeance, says director Chan-wook Park, is the most dramatic subject in the world. The problem with that view driving his filmmaking is that it seems to override his creative judgement, presenting us with cruelty as the vehicle for his cinematic jollies.
Director Chan-wook Park keeps the suspense going for as long as possible.
Part character study, part action flick, the film seamlessly blends genres in an extremely satisfying way. The photography is spectacular - of particular note is a Escher-like staircase sequence that is simply extraordinary.
As played by Choi Min-shik, Dae-su attains tragic stature. He's like a shaggy King Lear undone by his own foolishness.
There's a lot less here than meets the eye.
Definitivamente no para todos los gustos, esta violenta y asombrosa película coreana promete convertirse en una de las verdaderas sorpresas del año.
Park has a strong visual style and a near-surrealistic noir touch, but unraveling the mystery scarcely repays sitting through his relentless rounds of gut-wrenching violence.
Not to everyone's tastes, but if you have a strong stomach, OldBoy is sure to impress.
Quite an achievement then, and well worthy of its Cannes prize.
Oldboy is a delirious, confronting ride, a movie full of visceral shocks and aesthetic pleasures: it has an explosive immediacy and a persistent afterlife, a lingering impact that is hard to shake.
Be amazed at my cruel virility. Feel the pain. Oh yeah.
Its tentacles are still wriggling in my memory, as if I just ate something that should never have been served in the first place.
That Park has talent in the technical department is a given; that he's a good filmmaker is debatable.
Once [it] reels you in, it never lets go.
It's hard to make an argument for Oldboy based on anything other than pure cinematics, but when the style speaks this loudly, it's an argument worth making.
This is absolutely not a film for all tastes, but it's a masterpiece of pitiless power whose audacious, ambiguous climax strikes a note of insane romanticism as haunting as it is perverse.
Three couples were talking out loud as the film started. But before I could give them the traditional New York 'Shut the #%*& Up,' the movie shut them the #%*& up for me.
Wow!
The buzz was right: Oldboy confirms Park as one of the best filmmakers working today.
If you can handle what Park Chan-wook dishes, you'll discover a tragedy that isn't easy to shake.
Nightmarish Oldboy alternates between the captivating and the sickening.
It is the second in a trilogy of vengeance films for Park, and has the jagged eloquence of an irrational impulse carried to an irresistible extreme.
It's mesmerizing and discomfiting, engaging the viewer on a visceral and an intellectual level.
In the end, there's nothing to do but collapse in astonished appreciation of the filmmaker's boundless propensity for mischief.
A visually beguiling trip that keeps pulling you along and keeps you wondering what fresh hell could possibly come next.
A movie critic doesn't get to say this very often, so he should take the opportunity when he can: You have never seen anything like "Oldboy" before.
Its magnificence is that it takes itself dead serious. It's not entertainment, but it's sure a piece of toughness.
Fortalecido pelas performances de seu elenco principal, o filme guarda suas maiores armas para o ato final.
A dark and thrillingly horrible adventure into the realms of the unthinkable.
Argues for its own pointlessness.
a deeply passionate movie, but its passion is the kind that gets splattered on walls
The hero of this Kafkaesque nightmare could be anybody who feels abused, raging against fate or God and discovering only absurdity and more horror.
It's a hopelessly, helplessly original film.
Parts of the movie are luridly enthralling, and its ugliness is strangely appealing (at least to people with a high tolerance for such things). Yet it pushes too many buttons and is filled with so many false endings that eventually it becomes tiresome.
So inventive its plot doesn't just twist but forms itself into a Mobius strip.
Combining the sinister suspense of Alfred Hitchcock with the unrepentant violence of Quentin Tarantino, South Korean director Park Chan-wook delivers a revenge tale as shocking as it is thought-provoking.
A virulent, heart-shattering Korean revenge opus that deals out Promethean punishment to its central character.
[T]he movie approaches us as if we were both a primitive religious congregation and a benumbed action-picture audience, in either case a group in need of shocks.
Dae-su's real tormentor is the director himself, who teases and torments his hero as he regales the viewer with his sadistic caprices.
The script reveals itself as an absurdly convoluted tale of betrayal and revenge.
Despite its director's skill at staging trash with dash, Oldboy is too long and portentous to be an enjoyable B movie.
... any intended irony is beaten into submission.
The overly constructed nature of the script smacks from too many hands messing with it
Even if, for some reason, astute viewers do predict the ending, Oldboy still fills the screen with enough show-stopping images to put an entire circus out of work.
When the hero swallows a live octopus, Chanwook exits Kafka and enters the schlocky twilight zone of geek TV.
Consistently, astonishingly, inventive ... relentlessly and ruthlessly vile. Style may ultimately not be able to triumph over content, but it's one hell of a fight.
Bringing the concept of revenge and evil to a different level, the film is brilliant as it is disturbing.
has something for just about anyone who can watch a man eat a live octopus or extract another man's teeth with a hammer.
Fills the screen with enough show-stopping images to put an entire circus out of work.
What can you say about a movie that has not one, not two, but three scenes of improvised oral surgery?
While one might argue that it loses credibility and impact as it reaches further along the ledge of outrageous, tummy churning plot developments, there's no denying the turbulence it creates.
Deserves to be seen because of its relentless energy, the acting by Choi Min-sik that strikes a genuinely tragic note amid the mayhem and cartoonish excess, and the director's clear conviction that this wild story will resonate.
Much of it is well made, capably acted and photographed.
A discomfiting film, but a stunningly-twisted artistic endeavour.
I watched every frame attentively, and my mind was engaged with the story, but my heart was never in it.
For a while, though, this is as invigorating -- and as darkly funny -- as modern rogue moviemaking gets.
Carefully crafted chaos cloaked in gloriously gruesome color.
Gives a whole new meaning to the phrase, 'Paybacks are a b*tch'.
There is a beautiful symmetry about the story
It's a work of art for sure, but a sadistic one. Oldboy is one of the year's best; it just isn't for everyone.
A revenge film like none you have seen.
Exults in its own audaciousness, in its abandonment of convention and flaunting of unexpected intelligence.
A movie that can leave you lost, repulsed, fascinated and ultimately chastened.
It is brutally epic.
The climax depends on knowing that justice -- bizarre or practical, deserved or excessive -- is done.
Oldboy is a true-to-form sendup of grittier, more lurid manga fare. This is good news for die-hard fans of the form and teeth-gritting torture for those who are not.
Tantalizes and tortures you as it lures you into its mysterious vortex.
Director Park Chanwook forces us to feel Oh Dae-su's pent-up rage and obsession with revenge, making us complicit when he acts out.
Unsettling, terrifying film weaves a tale of revenge.
Reaps its full portion of machismo's horrors and hosannas.
As ludicrously complex and silly as any of Brian De Palma's worst thrillers...suffers from an excess of filmmaking brawn and a lack of brains.
May be a cinematic highlight right now, but it is destined to become a classic in years ahead.
If you can handle it, Oldboy is a unique film that challenges the viewer both mentally and physically.
A dark and psychologically discomfiting drama of abstract action and horror.
Like the swift blow of a hammer to the skull, the film shocks with blunt violence, and leaves a lasting impression.
The director's Fincher-esque style may finally beat out intellectual substance, but it's a fair fight, grounded in the existential horror of essential emotional truths.
A major Korean film with extreme, though not gratuitous, violence, a whodunit with a surprising Freudian turn.
You will either feel mollified by the hysterically moral denouement or feel offended by the filmmaker's strategy of debasement, which reduces the audience to the mongrel-like prostration of its protagonist.
It's a grand, gritty, indelible experience.
Oldboy is a powerful film not because of what it depicts, but because of the depths of the human heart which it strips bare.
An adrenalin rush that will keep you buzzing for days.
It is not a pleasant movie, but it's close to a great one.
It's a wrenching, exhausting, deliriously brutal dark hole of a film that's ultimately about the nature of anger and the futility of revenge. And it's not for the queasy.
Darkly funny and aggressively transgressive, Oldboy is the kind of film that sends you out of the theater dazed...
Like a pulp novel written by Truman Capote on laughing gas.
The film likes itself. It likes its mysterious plot, it likes the black humor it operates in, and it likes being goofy, lurid and sick.
Haunting, horrifying Korean psycho-drama action film will make you sweat -- and works as the violence-flick equivalent of opera.
Works best as a thrilling ride, a genre piece, not as a movie to gain insight into the human experience
It says something when you come out of a film as weird and fantastical as Oldboy and feel that you've experienced something truly authentic. I just don't know what. I can't think of anything to compare it to.
Park Chanwook's frenzied thriller is entertaining to watch, which is a good thing, because there is not much to think about here, outside of the choreographed mayhem.
Oldboy is a movie where you think you're in hell from the first frame -- but have no inkling of the infernal circles to come.
An explosively exciting psychosexual revenge drama from Korean powerhouse Park Chanwook that makes movies feel alive again.
Oldboy is consistently compelling.
A cat-and-mouse game as mysterious as it is sinister.
As pointless as it is shocking.
Even as imitations go, Oldboy doesn't measure up.
The style - both visually and on the soundtrack - is so rich that Park gets away with...awkward moments in the plot.
It's a movie of such jaw-dropping violence, wild improbability and dazzling style it overpowers all resistance.
I don't think it's a stretch to say that once the picture gets into Hollywood's bloodstream, it could well prove to be as influential as John Woo's 1989 crime thriller, The Killer.
It's an onslaught made to cause a sensation. Consider me simultaneously jolted and depressed.
Oldboy has the fatal air of wanting so desperately to be a cult movie that it forgets to present itself as a coherent one.
Oldboy may be a filmmaker's tour de force, but props should also be delivered to Choi, whose wretched, Herculean performance as the new millennium's Job could restore your faith in the selfless courage of acting.
If Tarantino, Fincher, Aronofsky and Miike collaborated on a movie, it would probably be as disturbing and deranged as Oldboy.
A unique endeavor topped off by a punch in the gut, unpredictable ending.
Brilliantly crafted, with gut-wrenching performances and a multi-layered story that covers action, comedy, horror, tragedy, surrealism, even romance.
The gratuitously vile Oldboy seems content to toy with viewers' sensibilities for no other reason than a few cheap shocks.
Oldboy is so violoen, bloodthirsty and preposterously plotted its violence it's not likely to gain the Korean director Park Chanwook many new fans.
There's a singular vision at work here, a mind full of imagination and cleverness, and a sharp skill for storytelling. The movie is dark, mad and haunting, and wonderfully so.
Oldboy is startling and amazing -- a cinematic hammer to the skull.
Cast talent cuts through the excess of technique while enough interest builds in the mystery-puzzle's solution to hold you for the melodramatic outcome (to Viennese strings).
Old Boy may be too extreme for its characters to truly engage you, but it is safe to say you will not be bored.
It's at its best when it indulges a not-inconsiderable sense of humor, which is why it's a shame that the overall mood is so bleak.
Kinetic and energetic, funny and more than a little insane, the film ingeniously gets us into the mind of its hero.
A riotously unhinged black comedy, an engagingly twisted thriller and a horrific family tragedy.
Old Boy is an intense, complicated thriller showcasing some of the greatest talent in Korean cinema today.
Full of insanely grand passions, bloodthirsty violence and jet black comedy, it's a sadistic masterpiece that confirms Korea's current status as producer of some of the world's most exciting cinema.
...the movie just isn't that good.
The kind of big, beautiful, delicious mindtrip that practically begs to be watered down and Americanized by some tool like Brett Ratner to make as a vehicle for Vin Diesel.
The more of the plot's secrets are revealed, the more laughable it becomes.
Not for everyone. But it's a completely enveloping film experience and a twisted ride worth taking.
Even if Old Boy only intermittently coheres into a whole, there are enough must-see moments here, that the film is sure to become a cult hit.
The suffocating Oldboy's existentialist angst promises sophisticated returns only to spiral into callous Identity territory.
Whether chomping down on a live octopus (in one of several scenes that require a strong stomach) or festering with half-crazed rage and impotence, Choi gives a bravura performance that powers the picture.
Ultimately, we feel like the hero, hypnotized but desensitized and utterly turned off by its histrionic horrors.
You gotta see what the folks in this movie do. Incredible!



@highlight

Violent and definitely not for the squeamish, Park Chan-Wook's visceral Oldboy is a strange, powerful tale of revenge.