Peck's focus is on how the ideas [are] not mere airy abstraction. Diehl and Konarske are game, their performances rippling with the physical thrill of sharing the pursuit of knowledge amid an atmosphere of censorship, police raids and concerted opposition
Peck's work is handsome; what it lacks is a true sense of danger, a feeling of history roiling in the present tense.
His film works as a well-informed and intelligent biopic, not as a vulgar propaganda film.
It doesn't exactly work, but compelling performances - and Peck's intrepidly weird attempts to somehow make reading, writing and thinking cinematic - make it watchable just the same.
Kolja Brandt's cinematography makes a modest production budget look lavish.
An excessively bourgeois film.
The witty, astute script explores seriously textured themes.
There are no memorable shots in the film and Peck seldom attempts to tell the story, or at least exemplify its themes, through visual means. It actually looks a lot like it was made to be consumed on television.
One may conclude Raoul Peck's biopic is so absorbing because Marx's ideas remain so full of fire and so alive.
Is the whole thing kind of silly? Yes, but maybe not quite enough. Will it inspire the masses to take up the Manifesto anew? Now, that's funny.
Raoul Peck is somewhat overwhelmed by the challenge of enlivening both history and the writerly process-of dramatizing footnotes, as it were.
A compelling story of how near we came to losing Marx' message then, and how near we are to losing it now.
Peck ... does a marvelous, meticulous job recreating the period look and feel of various European cities of the mid-1800s.
With the sensibility of a very boring Downton Abbey and a political consciousness to match, The Young Marx is an insipid disaster.
And by the time Marx writes what his wife calls a...critique of the critical critique - well, my eyes glazing over at the dialectics, I for one needed an antidote.
Ideologically dismissive and strictly from the school of scratching the surface cinema, not to mention the enigmatic participation of no less than 27 production companies likely rubber stamping their own two cents all over this politically evasive project
Although it bogs down in philosophy, the script balances its intellectual and emotional components reasonably well, thanks in part to [August] Diehl's charismatic performance.
[T]his movie is more focused. . .with none of that trashy, distracting Hollywood romanticism. . .The Young Karl Marx is the real Reds. . .and rebellion is the film's real romance.
Watching it is like being tossed into an agitprop blender..It has little depth, either political or psychological.
The film rejects commodity fetishism at every turn but it abounds with sumptuousness all the same.
The Young Karl Marx fumbles too often to be emotional compelling or intellectually stimulating.
If you are a political person concerned about economic inequality and ecological ruin, this film is a must. Forget about the bumbling critics who panned this film. They deserve Adam Sandler.
Raoul Peck is on a roll.
For the most part, Peck succeeds in shining a light on an era and two seminal characters who became the very definition of that time and the century to come. The production values-cinematography, costumes, production design-are all first rate.
Against all expectations, "Young Karl Marx" makes this kind of brainy content bracing and dramatic.
An intellectually engaging, if not terribly exciting, biography of Marx and his cronies launching a movement.
Both intellectually serious and engagingly free-spirited.
From its lifelessly anachronistic English dialogue to its Masterpiece Theatre lighting and production design, The Young Karl Marx tries to filter radical thought through the pace and aesthetics of a middlebrow drama.
Its story concerns the development of communist theory, but in its construction it harks back to Eli Whitney's theory of interchangeable parts.
...The Young Karl Marx is a biopic that does justice to the man whose story is being told.
The movie's plush, cozy aesthetic and unintentionally funny melodrama are at odds with its subjects: revolt, theory, originality, and observation.
The film is ironically gripped by the sort of ideological "vagueness" that Karl Marx dismisses throughout.
Though overly conventional, this biopic serves to show how one of the world's most influential people acquired his ideas from early adulthood.
Raoul Peck skillfully traces the pitfalls of any possible comic effect. [Full Review in Spanish]
A spry romp through the seven years leading up to the drafting of the Communist Manifesto, Raoul Peck's biopic of Karl Marx's early years feels like a mix between a prestige BBC drama and a Marx For Dummies primer.
It should be dull, but it isn't. Somehow the spectacle of fiercely angry people talking about ideas becomes absorbing and even gripping.
...a typical biographical film. [Full Review in Spanish]
...more interested in discursive questions through dialogue than in the visuals. [Full Review in Spanish]
... flimsy cinema... [Full review in Spanish]
It doesn't proselytise as much as it runs with an inherent assumption of the value of the ideas it portrays, taking a relatively dry series of historical events and making them refreshingly accessible.
Another of Peck's meaty, weighty and stirring showcases of talk, language, theories and concepts designed to express opposition, mobilise change and make a difference.
August Diehl excels in the eponymous lead role, as he so often does, complete with an endearing glint in his eyes, as somebody you feel gets a real kick of out a debate, as if waiting, fervently, for somebody to have the courage to disagree with him.
It's dutiful, but it's also superficial and polite, and it commits the genteel sin of the old biopics: It turns its hero into a plaster saint.
At once historically impeccable and a filmic disappointment.

@highlight

The Young Karl Marx makes a valiant attempt to make the philosophical cinematic, but lacks sufficient depth to tackle its complex themes.