The Morrisons' relationship is real and complicated .
[Still mine] moves you to tears with a genuine and touching story of love, devotion and determination.
[A] warmly detailed, emotionally accurate portrait of enduring love.
Still Mine has romance, passion, suspense, and a David-and-Goliath narrative that may make you want to stand up and cheer.
A bittersweet winner-driven by the strong performances and sharply observed nuances in both McGowan's script and direction.
Still together, and still in love
Written and directed with an uncommon straightforwardness...
Lovely performances by Cromwell and Bujold, as well as those playing their extended family of children and friends, are understated yet truthful. And it's good to be reminded that love that withstands a lifetime is a most precious thing.
In essence, it's a TV movie with all the simplifications that suggests. But it's a TV movie raised to something more by Cromwell and Bujold.
Hopefully, [James] Cromwell will have more highlights in the December of his years, but Still Mine is one to be proud of.
Still Mine is sentimental and often hokey, but it's a wonderful showcase for veteran character actor Cromwell.
When Still Mine's title reflects the sincerity and adoration we witness between two very private people - rather than a declaration of ownership - McGowan's movie is worthy of the wonderful cast he's attracted.
Growing old together can't be easy, but in this case, it's certainly beautiful.
Takes full advantage of the ornery authority and distinctive Thomas Hart Bentonesque physiognomy of its star, James Cromwell, in a rare lead role.
Writer-director Michael McGowan covers all the bases here -- the long-standing romance between the aging couple, the hovering concerns of their son and daughter, the constant head-butting with the building inspector -- with well-paced confidence.
An Occupy Wall Street supporter is part of the most conservative indie film you'll see all year. Still Mine is a heartbreaking classic no matter your ideology, though.
Writer-director Michael McGowan (Saint Ralph) shows affinity for the subtle undercurrents of a long, happy marriage, but the friction between Cromwell and the government bureaucracy stays one-note.
The man-against-the-system story is good and hopeful, but the love story between senior citizens is the reason to watch "Still Mine."
Like his character, Cromwell has the timber to build great things and make it last.
Bring a handkerchief, or possibly a bedsheet, to "Still Mine"; this fact-based, beautifully acted drama could wring tears from a brick.
Still Mine mourns days gone by without being mawkish and meditates on age without being maudlin.
[A] tough-minded tearjerker, based on a true story ...
It's a tender, sharply observed drama.
It is about a husband and wife, partners through six decades, grappling with issues of aging, and how to spend what time together remains with grace and dignity.
While this slight Canadian film has limited appeal for general audiences, seniors and families affected by Alzheimer's will find much to identify with.
Hits the high notes even though the tone of sorrow and frustration does not vary.
For those who thought "Amour" too sadistic or the recent "Unfinished Song" too sentimental, here's a senior love story with the realities of aging that falls right in the middle.
This movie does not work without Cromwell; plain and simple.
Etches a moving portrait of the enduring love of a couple whose life together only appears to be ordinary.
At its best, Still Mine gives off that feeling that we're watching something private, something genuine between two people who absolutely adore each other and have for decades.
Handled with care and patience by McGowan, proves mightily compelling, and deftly sidesteps sentimentality and cliche.
... has a sincerity and an authenticity that creates a bittersweet portrait of aging and lifelong devotion.
"Still Mine" is uplifting and heartbreaking, a contradiction that results in the viewer exalting and being let down at the same time.
The bond between Craig and Irene is beautifully illuminated by McGowan's script and by acting that feels rich and real.
The poignancy is somewhat predictable, but still tenderly moving and dignified . . . James Cromwell gives his familiar character considerable gravitas.
Bujold amply conveys Irene's longing for Craig in deep-toned ways that one almost never sees in movies about people over the age of 70. Actually, you rarely see it in movies about people of any age anymore.
"Still Mine'' eschews schmaltz, and is tremendously moving.
It is so sweetly portrayed it will make you eager to get old.
More vital than a thousand movies populated by hot, squirming teenagers.
What would otherwise have been be a rather banal David-Goliath story ... is elevated by Cromwell into something more weighty, and even existentially profound.
"Still Mine" offers James Cromwell a rare shot at a leading role, and he makes the most of it.
If last year's searing old-age tragedy, "Amour" - or 2006's bravely blunt "Away From Her" - weren't digestible enough for you, perhaps this mild romance will suffice.
Still Mine is Mr. Cromwell's film from first scene to closing credits...he is always present, alive and real, with a wealth of understated feelings. This is the greatest performance of his rich career.
The mounting structure-and the subsequent stop-work orders-frames the couple's reflections about the approaching uncertainties of their twilight years, which they deliver with humor and affection.
Beautifully acted, if a tad overly sentimental in its views of old age
The unforced intimacy between James Cromwell and Genevieve Bujold as a senior couple in the fact-based Still Mine is rare to see in characters of any age. For actors playing a husband in his late eighties and his wife of over sixty years, it's remarkable.
Geneviève Bujold and especially James Cromwell do much to enrich and humanize this sensitively done geezers-in-peril entry.
A sincere chamber work that's of a piece about the mutual love of an elderly couple.
Cromwell and Bujold have an easy, convincing rapport, creating a detailed emotional history for this couple that makes them seem devoted, and not mere twinkly geriatric clichés.
McGowan's film doesn't want to get its hands dirty, which winds up making its portrait of cruel twilight-years realities-and the enduring power of love to see one through those difficulties-as easily digestible as its lush rural panoramas are picturesque.
Offers a strong and dignified look at growing old while maintaining one's long-held convictions.
[A] pitch-perfect, deeply affecting film ...
As far as films about couples dealing with the female partner losing her mind go, Still Mine is pretty pedestrian.
Proof positive that long-lived individuals possess the resilience to handle anything and everything that life throws at them.
A movingly-acted tale of undying devotion and encroaching mortality.
It's a measured, heart-felt piece...that warmly invites you to wonder over how richly symbolic the building of a house in a movie can be.
And while there are suggestions that it might get into darker territory, like Sarah Polley's Away From Her, this is more about how hard it can be to love someone for such a long time - and what it's like to be as stubborn as a damn mule.
A David and Goliath story of the geriatric set, Still Mine is a sentimental but thanks to James Cromwell's performance an engaging story of love, devotion and determination
Still Mine will leave viewers with a lump in the throat and a hopeful determination to face administrative adversity with as much stoicism and grace.
Still Mine is a measured but considerably moving celebration of things hand-crafted, traditional and built to last.
Slow and meticulously crafted, Still Mine wins points for finding the right pace to play out this story of old traditions versus new rules, youth versus decrepitude, and loving denial versus responsible acceptance.
Quietly observes a love tested by infirmity and bureaucracy, becoming all the stronger for it.

@highlight

James Cromwell and Geneviève Bujold are outstanding in this tender, affecting, insightful drama about the bonds and sacrifices of marriage.