A mopey character study only half-convincingly tricked out as a heist thriller.
There's little by way of thrills. Still, as a caper with a great cast and clever premise, Flawless works, despite its, um, flaws.
The problem is that as heist movies go this is about as captivating as watching someone dodge a bus fare. Almost everything about the film is second-rate: the direction, the plotting, the intrusive modernist production design.
Ignore the dull framing device and this is a watchable period crime drama. Pity about the dull, oft-used title though.
Fatuous and soulless.
You will need a very sweet tooth for this kind of thing, and, to be quite frank, the heist itself is not dramatised all that excitingly or clearly. But I quite like thrillers featuring enormous circular vault doors.
Calling a diamond-heist movie Flawless is a valiant choice - especially when it's anything but. Suspense is essential to this genre, but here you couldn't care less what happens next.
"Hang on lads, I've got a great idea..." said Michael Caine at the end of The Italian Job. Presumably he didn't mean waiting 40 years before pulling off a caper that wouldn't blow the bloody doors off a rabbit hutch.
Diamonds aren't forever in this sluggish heist caper from Michael Radford that partners Michael Caine and Demi Moore for the first time since 1984's Blame It On Rio.
They don't make thrillers like this any more, and for good reason.
Like many Christmases, the whole thing leaves you stressed, exasperated and longing to leave for home.
If ever a film title begged to be abused, this is it.
Demi Moore will do as the ghost of Hollywood past, rattling her jewelled accessories like a drag-queen Jacob Marley.
If only the plot was as sleek.
A creaky, below-par Brit heist caper that belongs in a dusty vault itself.
Yet for all the imperfections, Flawless is a film you find yourself rooting for. Heists involving a keen sense of history are pleasant to stumble across.
Enjoyable heist thriller with strong performances from Moore and Caine, though the ending is slightly disappointing.
Terrific performances elevate this extremely low-key heist thriller into something thoroughly intriguing. It may never crank up much excitement, but the 1960s vibe it generates is very cool.
What a cast - Michael Caine, Demi Moore, Joss Ackland. Yet here it is, released at the fag end of the year just in case anyone notices. It makes you despair.
Demi Moore is excellent as the catalyst for the crime caper with a profoundly personal motive, something we don't discover until late in the film, and Michael Caine is wonderfully dry as the office cleaner with an agenda
For about 100 of its 108 minutes, this film treats the viewer to a stylish, suspenseful roller coaster peppered with all manner of ugly, money-grubbing corporate types.
I think if the script had some tweaking, this could have been a great heist film. Instead, it's just another mediocre one.
The picture is mildly entertaining, aided strongly by the retro period and Caine's authoritative performance. As for Moore, the script doesn't offer her much - certainly not the intensity that brought her equal parts fame and derision.
May not quite live up to the daunting implication of its title, but as a solid piece of beautifully acted and precisely written filmmaking, you'll find nothing better.
The answers to its most intriguing puzzles disappoint, and the final motive provided for this near-perfect scheme can only be described as flawed.
It seems irresponsible, if not downright stupid, for the makers of any movie to call their feature Flawless. But the most current film to sport that risky title has a number of serious storytelling flaws.
It's a work of brilliant cut, color and clarity that delivers on almost all of its ambitious promises.
Screenwriter Edward Anderson drops the South African angle in favor of more conventional developments and has a hard time bringing this across the finish line without a number of implausibilities.
There are better heist films, but none of them are showing at your local movie theater this month
Like the diamonds that motivate its characters, Flawless" has a pretty surface but not much else.
Banal or bogus.
Flawless isn't impossibly joyless, but it's a lot less fun than it ought to be...
If not worth its weight in gold (or diamonds), at least worth the price of a movie ticket.
Retro London heist caper may not interest kids.
This is a first rate caper piece elevated by Caine's effortlessly elegant portrayal.
The inspired pairing of Demi Moore and Michael Caine as a pair of thieves in the diamond-heist semi-caper movie Flawless goes a long way toward overcoming the film's slack, leisurely pacing.
May not live up to its title, but when Caine's onscreen it definitely sparkles.
Unlike Ocean's Thirteen, this formulaic heist movie has a streak of psychological perversity.
Where are the truth in titular advertising police when you need them?
This is an old-fashioned escapade that respects everyone's intelligence and allows you to cheer for the underdog. Moore actually plays an age-appropriate character who handles the heavy burden that represents women at the time with depth and aplomb.
[It's got] some neat little twists and turns.
The story aims to be a quaint, classy crime drama. But its quaintness comes off as laughably old-fashioned, and instead of classy, it's just plain dull.
For a movie about a diamond heist, Michael Radford's talky, 1960s-set Flawless lacks sparkle--despite strong period detail, earnest messages, and committed performances.
A weak plot still makes a viable vehicle for a couple of great performances with some unbeatable screen chemistry and a good old fashioned plot twist at the end.
Polished but oddly lifeless heist thriller.
Caine alone is worth the price of admission.
Those of us who'll happily watch Caine in pretty much anything will find enough pleasures here.
This is supposed to be a caper movie. Shouldn't it have a heroine who looks as if she could, you know, conceivably, caper?
The plot contortions that very slowly unfold under Michael Radford's arthritic direction in Flawless are not much...entertaining.
There is a nice sense of style, and appreciation for tense face-to-face confrontations among characters trying to ignore the temptations around them. It's sort of the opposite of the current robbery flick The Bank Job - all substance and no flash.
Though the central mystery does hold one's interest, tin-eared dialogue, unlikely staging and dramatic conveniences all work against our being swept up in the chicanery.
A nicely made if slightly stodgy jewel heist flick that offers Michael Caine one more juicy, low-key role and Demi Moore another step back up the ladder to career revival.
Flawless is a gimcrack, a genre exercise, yet it's a confidence game in the best sense of the phrase. [Director] Radford knows the rules - when to bend them, when to break them, and when to play by them. That's an increasingly rare skill.
Flawless, directed with a fine eye by Michael Radford, is a diamond-heist thriller that will make you nostalgic for the smart, classy caper films of a certain era.
Flawless is a fictional tale, but something in director Michael Radford's conscientious, methodical presentation gives it the feeling of true history. Watching it is like watching a historical dramatization of something that never really happened.
Despite a finale that fails to live up to the promise of its premise, Flawless still manages to be a polished throwback to the great British crime thrillers of the '60s, and a welcome return to form for director Michael Radford.
Flawless is a mildly diverting period heist movie in which an odd couple conspire to loot an evil London diamond company, for which they both work.
At least the picture's title is apt -- as a work of preposterous implausibility it is, indeed, without any redeeming flaw.
An enthralling bauble of many facets: part feminist thriller, part "howdunnit" mystery, and all good old-fashioned story.
Michael Caine's performance in Flawless is just that. As for his co-star, Demi Moore ...
The film is slight, sure, but it is also a lot of fun, and no amount of misplaced moralistic sermonizing at the end can steal those well-earned good vibes away from me.
It is kind of a shame that it isn't getting a wider distribution because it is precisely the kind of intelligent adult entertainment that people are always complaining isn't being made anymore.
a flat, boring film where director Michael Radford fails to find the rhythm, danger and excitement of a caper movie.
Moore redeems herself from the mediocrity of her Brat Pack years and the career-killing mistakes of early adulthood. Having matured into a convincing middle-age actor, she comes across as intelligent, sophisticated and driven.
The filmmaking and acting are so good it tingled my spine.
...a film that is at once a heist movie that feels sprung from its time and place and one that casts a modern eye on feminism, Apartheid and even health care...a solid little gem.
Michael Radford's leisurely paced Flawless digs itself into a deep, cavernous hole in its opening scene and never manages to crawl out of it.
Flawless makes an entertainingly nostalgic journey to old Britain -- that black-and-white world we remember from long-ago Alfred Hitchcock and David Lean movies.
For all its stodginess, however, Flawless is a reasonably good time, for one reason. The reason's name is Maurice Micklewhite, better known as Michael Caine.
For the most part Radford turns in a hushed, marble-polished heist film with a genuine sense of tension and mystery
Priority numero uno in a heist movie should be making the robbery giddily dangerous, but Flawless has all the sizzle of a bank teller on Monday morning.
It's a satisfying picture enhanced by a few great sequences, and proves there's still plenty of life in heist cinema.
What distinguishes Flawless from other movies of the kind, unfortunately, is its absence of humor.
Flawless is the sort of movie that tends to get called 'enjoyably old-fashioned,' except that there's nothing enjoyable about it.
How can an actress with Moore's carnal screen presence be so underused by carnally minded Hollywood?
It's good disposable entertainment that offers the right mix of character identification, plot unpredictability, and suspense to keep viewers interested throughout.
It's left to Caine to wink and nod at his own contribution to real caper classics of the 1960s and '70s, produced with more emphasis on fun and less on instructive fact-finding.
Revealing when it needs to be and unpredictable when you least expect it.
Flawless is anything but.
As complex a mindbending crime caper as you could hope to wrap your head around.
[T]erribly earnest and, as a result, terribly dull...
A mediocre heist film with a preposterous finale.
It may not be as insensitive as Blood Diamond's inane examination of the diamond industry and its accompanying slave trade, but Flawless's utilization of the issue as a mere diversionary plot point is nonetheless plenty distasteful.
a classy, smart, and fiendishly sly piece of filmmaking that keeps the audience on the edge of its seat
As far as what the filmmakers constructed, the spirit of the title term is close enough to forgive blemishes that don't really spoil the fun.
Cleverly written and brilliantly made ... the type of classy and tasteful British crime-drama that Caine has long been associated with.
That old-fashioned does not necessarily mean musty is proven by Flawless, which does not entirely do its title justice but is a deliciously entertaining heist thriller nevertheless.
Period detail is lovingly rendered (it's a nice touch to have people smoking in the cinema), while the technology is wonderfully '60s.







@highlight

Michael Caine's excellent performance makes Flawless something more than an average heist movie.