This very personal, naturalistic Korean film is all about emotional damage, and it's a real heartbreaker.
What makes this slight narrative compelling is that it is told entirely from the children's point of view, synced to their perceptions and to the mercurial emotions that color them.
Treeless Mountain, in its crisp simplicity, resembles a good poem, with many layers lurking beneath the organized, metered surface.
Cinematographer Anne Misawa shoots from a low angle the wonderful, subtly expressive faces of the siblings, the older melancholic, the younger endearingly clownish.
While this minimalist tale could have been heartbreaking, what's most affecting is not the kids' plight but their pluck.
[The film provides] an enveloping, but plausible recreation of a child's perspective -- fascinated by minutiae, sensitive to pain, and unaware of the workings of time.
Drawing out beautifully natural performances from her child actors, Kim once again has a distinct way of letting her camera observe her characters with kind thoughtfulness, allowing for a quiet mood to wash over the scenes.
There is no profound drama here, however, so you might end up resenting the film while it drags from you the emotional responses that the sight of anxious little children inevitably triggers.
So Yong eschews drama for a quiet sensitivity which suggests the young can get over almost anything adults put upon them simply with native wit and resource.
Gentle and observational, this slice-of-life from Korea has only the thinnest frame of a plot as it follows two young girls on a dramatic journey. But it's so vague that audiences will find it hard to latch onto.
Wonderful performances from the two young leads and a gently heart-breaking narrative arc make this a slow winner.
[The Film] offers a stark analysis of the human potential for random cruelty that recalls nothing less than Bresson's 'Mouchette', albeit with a denouement that holds a glimmer of optimism for the future.
A touching, gentle examination of the giddy rush and sickening sense of dislocation that comes with being left on your own when you're young.
Not an easy watch, but worth sticking with.
Like breath on the window of a late-night bus, Treeless Mountain is a work of diaphanous and fugitive beauty.
It's a familiar subject, well handled and performed.
A beautiful, meditative and deeply humanistic coming-of-age tale dealing with abandonment, resilience and perseverance in the face of apparent futility.
A film of small gestures closely observed, it's surprisingly unsentimental, despite its heart-tugging qualities.
Avoiding sentiment and whimsicality, the director coaxes exquisite performances from her dauntless leads as they bemusedly try to make sense of the grown-ups' aberrant behaviour.
The writer-director So Yong Kim, drawing on events from her childhood, directs so unobtrusively you may forget the camera is there, but you won't forget its evocation of a child's yearning for a missed parent.
Packed with moments that are both heartwarming and heartbreaking.
The film's desire to avoid enforcing a story arc on the girls - who remain in a state of constant bemusement through out - makes it difficult to engage with the film as a whole.
A series of plotless, episodic incidents that slowly build to understated emotional crescendos.
..the film is tender, touching and charming, a portrait of quiet resilience and sisterly devotion...
Interesting if occasionally limiting.
Somewhere in between all the emptiness -- the film's laconic chapters are separated by repeated static shots of clouds and sky -- a beautiful little point is made.
It's subtle, moving and, despite the grim subject, hopeful.
In modest, lovingly observed ways, the director gives her characters -- and, one hazards, herself -- the gentlest gift of sweet possibility.
So Yong Kim has a real gift for putting children at ease before the camera, and her two very young actresses (who are not sisters off-screen) reward her with performances of heartbreaking realism.
The film is spare and a bit static, the plot a buildup of mundane moments, but Kim's conceptual smarts and firm direction are impressive, as are the performances from such little children.
Treeless Mountain casts a sad, pellucid spell. It looks at life from three feet off the ground and meets the hardening gaze of its 6-year-old protagonist head on.
...requires the commitment by the viewer to get involved in the lives of the little girls. But, for the real film buff, this is a true labor of love and worth the effort.
Relying on the essentially inert performances of child actors, So Yong Kim draws on a deep understanding of how movies work but also taps into her own experiences. That's a potent combination.
Whatever magic filmmaker So Yong Kim used to get the two girls to feel so at ease, you wish she would have used a little of that on the rest of the film as well. While it is a fairly realistic and no-frills drama, it's also dull.
So Yong Kim's quiet film which takes its time observing the minutiae of every day life has an undercurrent of grander themes at play.
I crossed. It's the sort of "slice of life" that defies words, which is perhaps why these little girls and their overwhelmingly grey world are rendered in such quietude.
So Yong Kim has made another minimalist masterpiece, a quiet movie of sharply observed details and two girls who will break your heart.
In the end, this melancholy, inspiriting movie achieves a breathtaking emotional harmoniousness.
Kim is deft and sensitive with her tiny co-stars, but Treeless Mountain lacks the freshness and surprise of In Between Days.
So Yong Kim's remarkable film never spells out exactly what Jin or Bin is thinking, the camera implies how they see.
Children rule the day in this semi-autobiographical film by new film maker So Yong Kim but it comes off more as an exercise in filmmaking than entertainment.
A surrealistic charmer blessed with some breathtaking cinematography.
Too many filmmakers look down -- literally and figuratively -- on children. But in the carefully observed Treeless Mountain, So Young Kim gets us to immediately identify with her young heroines.
Both lovely and wrenching, So Yong Kim's intimate drama feels so honest, it's often difficult to watch.
The big payoff moment is so small and passes so quietly that it's almost unbearably beautiful.
At times, Treeless Mountain almost feels like a fairy tale -- but without the magic.
A glowing reminiscence of a difficult childhood, further illuminated by lovely performances, directorial nuance and gorgeous visuals.
Occasionally drags, but it nonetheless manages to be a quietly engrossing, well-nuanced and sensitive drama filled with exquisite cinematography.
Treeless Mountain has the tang of real life, though this is realism that has been filtered through 60 or so years of world art cinema.
[An] affecting, semiautobiographical story of two sisters from Seoul who are abandoned by their parents at a brutally tender age.
Deeply rooted in the perspectives of its ill-fated heroines, Treeless Mountain finds a place in the modern abandoned-child narratives alongside Ramin Bahrani's Chop Shop and the inferior period piece Blame It On Fidel.
Skillfully unsentimental -- because of, but also despite, the presence of two irresistible, unself-conscious performers in virtually every scene.
The low-key Korean drama Treeless Mountain speaks volumes about the heartbreak and resilience of childhood.
The problem with this American indie filmed in Korea is that, despite the captivating faces and sad predicament of these little girls, nothing much happens.
With Treeless Mountain, Kim establishes herself as a first-class filmmaker.
very real magic emanates from Treeless Mountain like vapor from a block of dry ice
Is it fair for the director to strip away so much and leave us feeling so helpless? I'm still in pain; I don't know.
A work of tremendous poise and poignancy that assumes and articulates the perspective and emotional tenor of its two juvenile protagonists.
A wonder-inducing drama about a six-year-old Korean girl who takes on adult responsibilities when she and her little sister are abandoned by their mother.
A sparse but incredibly moving film about love turning to longing turning to resentment.
Kim is undoubtedly a skilled director, but she's someone who seems more content to observe than state.

@highlight

Intermittently wondrous and harsh, this sensitive drama about two abandoned sisters gives time and space to the intimate and beautiful moments of childhood.