The entire solemn, portentous edifice that is The Village collapses of its own fake weight.
It succeeds more often than it fails, and it proves once and for all that M. Night Shyamalan is nobody's one-trick pony.
This director is a young dog who needs some new tricks.
The Village is a truly special film, one that is largely misunderstood by the masses.
Frankly, if you believe this twaddle, you'll believe anything, and if you believe anything, you don't need to go to the films -- you can just sit at home and fantasise for free.
The Village reminded me not so much of Hitchock but Scooby Doo. When at the end of that cartoon it was revealed that glowing skull creature was actually Old Mr. Higgins the caretaker, it pissed me off even as a little kid.
'The Village' is among Shyamalan's salvageable films, in which he uses ignorance and superstition to keep a group of people in the woods away from evil creatures. [Full review in Spanish]
different than anything else that's playing at the moment
Thought-provoking thriller too intense for some.
Gripping, creepy, and very well acted with a great breakout performance from Bryce Dallas Howard...
M. Night Shyamalan keeps the story vague enough to work up to his plot twist, and while I won't reveal it here, I will say that I don't think the payoff is worth it.
Shyamalan remains ever the master of mood and of unseen, inchoate menace; he can give depth and gravity to scenes that in other hands would be either boring or ridiculous.
The Village is not completely awful, but it comes closer than one would like to admit.
The would-be surprise only makes you rethink the reason you went to see the movie in the first place.
Village idiot.
In a time when Hollywood is more interested in remakes and sequels than in original movies, Shyamalan continues to tell new stories. And he's really good at it.
Dangerously dour.
I'm not sure exactly why I'm protecting the Shocking Twist, because it certainly doesn't deserve to be protected.
It's hard to care about situations that have been designed only to obscure the ultimate twist.
Picturesque, slightly haunting but silly in a frustrating way.
A timely mention of the ways that violence begets violence, and in how effective terror can be in keeping people under control.
Shyamalan can't brings himself to abandon the familiar. Until he does, however, he's just going to keep coming back with diminishing returns.
It is not a bad film, despite its goofy plot, thanks to top-flight acting.
[The love story] between the two young, uncorrupted stars suffuses the entire movie and has made me forgive, if not forget, the movie's flaws.
... a Sleepy Hollow-like folk tale that is light on character development and heavy on symbolism and suggestion.
...an enigma to which each viewer must bring something and from which each viewer will most likely take something away. In my case, I brought a lot more than I took away.
If you're willing to follow Shyamalan wherever he goes in his inquiry into how the US got so terrorism-fixated, he leads you into provocative, if uneven, territory.
Es el típico ejemplo de cómo una película puede (o intenta) manipular a su audiencia y hacerle creer que va a ver una cosa cuando en realidad se trata de otra bien diferente.
How I wanted to flee the dreadful 'Village' after its first 20 minutes. What happened? It's the story. It's the direction. It's Shyamalan.
The Village est la première réelle déception provenant de Shyamalan.
Definitivamente no será recordada entre lo más selecto de su filmografía, pero si gustan del género y del sudor frío, esta es una obligada.
A powerful tale of isolationism, a desire for innocence and hope, and a fear of the unknown.
The Village is an enormous disappointment -- not because the ending is so banal, but because Shyamalan has become a director who no longer trusts his talent.
The film's biggest disservice is Shyamalan's uneven, confusing script that concludes with a surprise, but a dismal one.
the color Red is forbidden because it attracts Those We Do Not Speak Of - except, apparently, for all of the Red herrings Shyamalan has left strewn about
Shyamalan deveria abandonar a carreira de roteirista e dedicar-se apenas à de diretor: seu talento é grande demais para ser desperdiçado em tramas cada vez piores.
A well-meaning, half-hour Twilight Zone episode stretched to the outer limits of a two-hour feature.
Up until somebody gets knifed in the gut, The Village is about as interesting as an episode of UPN's Amish in the City--without the city.
Go in with a snide attitude, desperate to see The Sixth Sense director fail, and you'll leave with your prejudices underpinned. Better to embrace the experience and allow Shyamalan to show off his sublime gift for suspense.
Just as The Sixth Sense meditated on those stuck in endless cycles of grief... The Village shines light on another basic human truth: our lifelong need for lies, large and small.
The Village is both atmospheric and beautifully shot, but the end result is deeply disappointing.
Made with such elegance, atmosphere and wonderfully mannered performances it will nestle deep inside your head, refusing to budge.
Another voluptuous piece of tension and Shyamalan's best work since The Sixth Sense
Unfortunately, the chills here are poorly thought out, and the plot twists are more predictable than interesting.
...doesn't even begin to ignite the protrusive passion that trademark Shyamalan films are known for...a solitary thrill-maker in search of an imaginative spark
Shyamalan's best film to date.
Shyamalan made a big impression with his out-of-the-blue twist in his first blockbuster, but now I wonder if he's capable of anything else but twists.
Shyamalan's carny act already feels like it's decades old.
The payoff in 'The Village' is not one of creativity and purpose; it's one of convention and betrayal.
An eloquently suspenseful film.
Shyamalan wants his audience as brainwashed to the truth as his characters, but as the final twists deliver the only thematic interest, it's a dreary ride getting there.
Shyamalan did not set out to be a cinematic O. Henry, and what some might call the "obligatory surprise" in The Village is what I would only call a new level to the interest.
Shyamalan can stretch out a moment like a master guitarist... yet here his skills are put to service in the form of a laborious rather than meticulous charlatan end-around.
Most of 'The Village' meets all of Shyamalan's requirements for a don't-leave-to-get-popcorn movie.
So close to being a feature-length 'Twilight Zone' episode that I wouldn't have been surprised if Rod Serling had strolled out...Especially since Shyamalan sees dead people.
Feels as if Shyamalan is coasting.
Those who give themselves to this film, beautifully lensed with a fine performance by newcomer Howard, will have the pleasure of rewinding the early reels in their mind.
For those who just want a good scare, rest assured the best (and worst) of it comes across as Wait Until Dark meets The Blair Witch Project.
...the film is saved by its acting - most notably Bryce Dallas Howard's outstanding performance...
In the end, The Village poses a thoughtful parable about bliss and ignorance. For Shyamalan of late, that's a twist.
...my least favorite M. Night Shyamalan film so far.
Shyamalan, far from being a master of suspense, hasn't yet figured out that the shadowy things you glimpse out of the corner of your eye are always scarier than those you're allowed to gaze upon directly.
Shyamalan has yet again been able to create an eerie and foreboding atmosphere that always has you suspecting something sinister is just about to happen.
If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a megalomaniac writer-director to raise an idiot movie.
Every bit as rich and unforgettable an experience as The Sixth Sense.
...one of the most idiotic, preposterous stories ever contrived by a major filmmaker.
I take perverse pride in admitting that they caught me totally by surprise.
Another mediocre lunacy from the overrated M. Night Shyamalan.
Despite her lack of actual sight, Ivy can see people's "colors," and while she won't tell Lucius his color, you might presume it's not the "bad" one.
Disappointing, puzzling and implausible even for Shyamalan's usually sensical world.
Maybe M. Night Shyamalan should forget this whole "plot twist" business altogether . . .
the big twist at the end doesn't quite sustain the weight of the previous two hours' build-up
The most beautifully crafted stupid movie I've ever seen, and a pitiable act of self-sabotage. It isn't healthy for a young filmmaker to decide he's become his own genre.
You want to shut down the action and demand an explanation. Where are these people? Why are they behaving this way? What do they know that we don't know?
"The Village" isn't a place for everyone to visit.
Shyamalan extends a decent 30 minute Twilight Zone episode into a two hour endurance test
Unlike his earlier films The Village unravels before your eyes, saving you from feeling you've been made a fool of at a later point, and is thus a great time-saver.
If ever there was a movie designed to convince the audience into thinking it's wasting its time, The Village is it.
When Night Falls
We are propelled back to the 19th century and meet an interesting cast of characters.
So meaningless and distanced in its details that it hardly stands a chance of wooing even the most willing fellow traveler.
Problem is: the tame, third-act plot payoff just isn't worth the build-up and doesn't come as much of a surprise if you listen carefully to the dialogue.
Shyamalan is on the top of his game for the most part, it's just the inane ending that drops the film down into mediocrity.
... Shyamalan's storytelling is always an attempt to connect with an inner child that wants to believe in a lie both plausible and fantastic. "The Village" is no exception.
While the pictures are pretty and the whole enterprise takes itself ever so seriously, The Village is not nearly as frightening as it thinks it is.
The film is so plodding and the climax so...anti-climactic, that any lessons the audience has learned are forgotten as soon as their eyes start rolling in disbelief.
I must admit that I was always intrigued by this movie and, despite the weakness of the film's revelation, fascinated by the final destination that Shyamalan had in mind.
[Shyamalan's] most meditative and lovingly rendered offering thus far, if also his least fun.
The Village doesn't pack quite the punch of The Sixth Sense, but it's equal to Shyamalan's last two films.
Would I see it again? I may never go to any Shyamalama-ding-dong movie again.
Forget the twist at the end and concentrate on the love story for that is where the magic lies.
Overall - an average film. A clever story is realized in a rather bland way. Sort of a "Little Red Riding Hood" seed planted in the mind of M. Knight.
Shyamalan's Village provides an open window into his gifts - and flaws - as a top-flight director
Shyamalan should consider a chicken-or-the-egg question of his own making: What comes first, the plot or the plot twist?
...une fable simpliste et naïve...
Hollywood's Worst Argument Against Homeland Security since The Terminal
In his quest to outsmart his audience and outdo his previous films Shymalan has become, dare I say it, predictable.
It's as disappointing as thinking you are about to get on a fast roller coaster, strapping in tight, and then being sent through "It's a Small World."
Admiring a con man's skill doesn't make me any less enraged when he's ripped me off.
...here's the answer to the biggest question you'll have after the movie is over: no, you can't get your money back.
While The Village may not ultimately be considered one of Shyamalan's best efforts...it still bears his unique mark for understanding the human condition.
Movies are far too expensive to waste your hard earned money on this mess.
I, too, think the War on Terror is hypocritical B.S., but I don't go around making badly-written movies about it.
A faux thriller, so filled with camouflage and manipulation that when the big twists are finally revealed, the entire film loses any true sense of value.
(Shyamalan's) twofold objective is to tell his story while keeping the audience off-balance, so they don't know for sure what's around the next corner.
It sets a scary sylvan atmosphere but provides few frights and lots of unintentional chuckles.
Sure to divide, if not downright piss off a lot of people. Personally, I loved it.
This isn't a Spooky and Clever Supernatural Thriller at all, but a thoughtful, challenging allegory that stops at nothing short of a statement on the human condition.
Must be seen multiple times to fully experience the choices Shyamalan makes with his camera, one of the most versatile perspectives of any filmmaker working today.
M. Night Shyamalan's portentous period thriller wrings some efficient thrills from these clichéd elements, but collapses under the weight of a labored and unsatisfying ending.
It's the lack of a genuine wizard behind the curtain that robs The Village of much of its suspense, but the movie has merits that go beyond goosebumps.
Dumb's the word.
What seemed so interesting and unconventional about the plot grasps for an ending, spinning the film in a direction that is forced, rushed and incongruous with all that preceded it.
This is bad, amateur work given a superficial veneer of professionalism.
[Shyamalan is] in complete command of his forces, more subtle and sustained.
This movie is as big a hoax as the notorious Sci Fi Channel faux documentary The Buried Secret of M. Night Shyamalan.
For those who like the director's body of work, appreciate The Twilight Zone, and have a high suspension of disbelief threshold, The Village is likely to satisfy.
The Village is a film wherein the whole is sadly less than the sum of its eerie parts.
It's not very scary. And absent the skin-crawling, hair-raising magic that usually attends a Shyamalan movie, The Village is a bit of a long sit.
Far more interesting as a trip than a destination.
Thriller is hardly the word for this tedious exercise in clue-hiding.
High on foreboding atmospherics and low on goosebumps.
There is no doubt that Shyamalan is a gifted director who knows how to push audience buttons, but heavy-handed horror shows like this one make the man behind the camera seems less an artist than a huckster.
It's tedious instead of provocative and so unconvincing as to be preposterous.
The Village doesn't quite return Shyamalan to the heights of The Sixth Sense. But it's close enough for discomfort.
Yields more genuine rewards in retrospect or on subsequent viewings.
The movie starts off as a psychological thriller and then turns into a tale about the transformative power of love. Neither of these two story paths, alas, is particularly riveting.
Shyamalan's best film since The Sixth Sense.
Shyamalan's most mature and least showy film to date.
A more interesting movie than those two most recent Shyamalan films.
There will be worse movies this summer than The Village, but few ultimately as silly.
A good looking and well-paced oddity that's marketed as a thriller ... but manages to stand on its own legs as a touching romance
A Grimm brothers fairy tale taken to the Outer Limits.
Shyamalan's plotting is spotty, especially in the less-than-satisfying finale, but his textural touches are strong.
In his desire to repeat a previously winning formula, Shyamalan this time delivers a dud.
What The Village says about human behavior is more chilling than any plot twist.
I can read the Signs. I have a Sixth Sense that M. Night's winning streak is not Unbreakable - The Village is the proof.
While The Village might not blow the door off its hinges in terms of frightening you, it does something more significant: It leaves the door ajar, beckoning us to enter a different realm.
Might have made a good 20-minute short or Twilight Zone episode.
Let not the bad movie be seen. It encourages them.
All this craftsmanship and a very fine performance by Howard, however, is in the service of a story that unlike Shyamalan's previous films contains no underlying themes or ideas.
The Village is a colossal miscalculation, a movie based on a premise that cannot support it, a premise so transparent it would be laughable were the movie not so deadly solemn.
More trick than treat.
A frustrating, self-indulgent exercise in Twilight Zone trickery that leaves the audience holding the bag, wondering what happened to the picture they paid money to see.
The Village shows that [M. Night Shymalan] has matured both as a storyteller and a filmmaker.
Spoiler Right Here: Ben Stiller is in the woods.
what will moviegoers think when they realize they've actually bought a ticket to an atmospheric but mostly mellow romance that delivers only a few jolts?
discerning filmgoers will be able to see the film for what it really is: an embarrassing and underhanded attempt to manipulate the emotions of the audience.
[Shyamalan] looks only to sideswipe the audience with twists, even if they don't hold up to close scrutiny.
The Village is M. Night Shyamalan's best work since The Sixth Sense.
[A] genuinely spooky stories that'll rattle you to the bottom of your popcorn tub.
The Village proves two things: [Shyamalan] is a master of the old-school film craft that emphasizes atmosphere and character over action; and he is riding a one-trick pony and that poor pony is nearly dead.
Not only is The Village not credible, its shallowness makes it dislikable.
[The characters] are victims of the outer structure -- the plot, and its requisite rug-pulling, becomes the focus, overshadowing the characters the audience had invested in.
A maddeningly miscalculated hack job.
Offers the ultimate conundrum. A complex motion picture that demands a second viewing, yet doesn't offer enough that's scary or emotionally resounding to be worth the first.
A monumental disappointment. I love Shyamalan's films but this one is only cable worthy.
Let's face it. Shyamalan knows how to wield the cinematic fear factor. ... Maybe he's just running out of things with which to rattle us.
The heart of the movie is Bryce Dallas Howard as Ivy. Every moment she is on screen is fresh, touching, and real.
When you find yourself bored and wishing a movie would speed up and get to the TWIST ENDING already...well, that's not a particularly good movie, now is it?
Shyamalan has followed his own template, but neglected to fill in the most important parts. The movie is a disappointment.
[F]rustrating and tedious and then -- bam! -- slams the audience with the knowledge that they've been had, and maliciously so.
The film is rarely suspenseful, frequently cheesy and oftentimes dull. Shyamalan didn't even bother to rip-off good movies, this time.
Gets off to a sluggish start and then takes a while to get to anything jump-out-of-your-seat-worthy.
The ghosts of Sixth Sense continue to haunt Shyamalan For the first time he has created characters we can't identify with, living in a world we can't relate to.
Don't go to The Village to be surprised, shocked, waylaid or titillated. Go to think hard about the human project.
An enraging bit of nonsense that is made all the worse by Shyamalan's apparent delusion that he has created something extraordinary.
Shyamalan should certainly be given credit for wanting to make films that dare to inject some philosophical ponderings [but] THE VILLAGE is a concept, not a film.
Slow, silly and pretentious.
Gorgeously made and amazingly atmospheric, but the sprawling cast and skill can't make up for a certain thinness in the plot.
It's Splendor in the Grass meets The Blair Witch Project. You can take that any way you'd like to
A high-camp mélange of Brontë's Wuthering Heights and Skinner's Walden Two, The Village may be the year's worst film.
Cancel your Newsweek covers, Shyamalan just flopped off the road to becoming the next Hitchcock.
The Village needs a shot of Viagra ... needs to be scarier, more sinister, more shocking, and more emotional.
...the combination of Shyamalan's natural gift for storytelling and the strongest ensemble cast he's ever featured is impossible to resist.
Shyamalan is a master of mood, tone and style, like Hitchcock, and keeps the scary bits off screen, which in this desensitized world, makes them all the more frightening.
...this gothic thriller is regrettably about as terrifying as an episode of PBS's Frontier House.
A supernatural thriller for adults.
A timely, powerful, and surprising drama about the dangers of a fear-based culture and the soul-stirring power of love.
this feels like the work of a more mature filmmaker, one who's less hung up with proving his own cleverness
A bewildering disappointment.
A film of great elegance and skill that's often delicious to watch, but its surprises don't surprise; in fact, they fall a little flat.
I see a dead movie...Though it's designed as one of Shyamalan's trademark puzzlers, the only real surprise is how stilted and hokey it is.
In his latest foray into the realm of the supernatural, M. Night Shyamalan turns an artful gothic tale into a homework assignment.
The film has a strong, sometimes jolting musical score. But the song that will go through many viewers' minds is never sung in the movie. It's that old Peggy Lee standard, Is That All There Is?
Shyamalan remains a stilted screenwriter, but Roger Deakins's cinematography is spooky, creepy, eerie all the way.
The Village often wavers, but it never completely fades away.
The Village is probably Shyamalan's subtlest movie and his least scarificating.
Shyamalan deftly turns a familiar fairy tale into an eerie scary tale.
Shyamalan, as usual functioning as writer, director and producer, plays on our expectations like a virtuoso while subverting them.
Every village needs an idiot -- and M. Night Shyamalan is hoping it's you.
Shyamalan's least satisfying post-Sixth Sense effort.
Though it's not as contrived as 2000's Unbreakable, The Village disappoints.
It's being sold as a massively scary movie, but all that's really scary is that a talented cast -- which also includes Judy Greer, Brendan Gleeson and Adrien Brody -- could be lulled into thinking Shyamalan's script was anything but obvious nonsense.
Comes close to matching the intensity and surprise of Shyamalan's biggest hit, The Sixth Sense.
Even if The Village is one of his lesser works that, like 2002's Signs, doesn't stick to the ribs, it still gets the wheels spinning in one's mind.
The Village pours on creepy atmosphere, but this dud is too intent on delivering its liberal 'message' to actually deliver the kinds of scares it promises in the terrific trailer.
The Village is Shyamalan's weakest story.
[Shyamalan] hasn't lost his eye as a director, but the story is a mess, boring at first and then becoming progressively sillier until it loses complete credibility.
A sometimes engrossing shocker with a surprise ending that isn't especially shocking or surprising.
Shyamalan's films have become life support systems for his twists.
The Village pales next to the crackerjack ghost story of The Sixth Sense but excels far beyond the psychobabbling in Unbreakable.
As a failure, The Village is certainly interesting, but a failure it stubbornly remains.
For my money, this undeniably talented writer-director has been repeating himself with steadily decreasing potency ever since the wonderful The Sixth Sense, and his latest excursion does nothing to buck the trend.
Significant and unforgettable.
Literate and visually expressive.
In crafting a film about the ways fear can manipulate -- are there really creatures of mass destruction in the woods? -- Shyamalan gives the film a metaphorical weight that goes deeper than goose bumps.
What really lurks within those woods is (fear not: no spoilers here) a very mixed bag.
Shyamalan surpasses his best to deliver an utterly accessible and totally enthralling film, one of the most original works to hit the big screen in recent years.






@highlight

The Village is appropriately creepy, but Shyamalan's signature twist ending disappoints.