The last 30 minutes play like a dismissive ambush, leading to a final scene so utterly misguided that I wanted to hurl obscenities at the screen.
Frank Darabont presents a movie with one of the most pesimist and hopeless endings in cinema history. [Full review in Spanish]
The Mist is a creature feature in which the monsters are almost incidental, but the panic and fear-mongering that comes with the territory is what ultimately causes the most chaos.
The Mist has a lot of the elements to be one of the great horror films, but it never quite puts it all together. It's still very good, but a few missteps keep it from ever being more than that.
The black-and-white version's stark contrasts give greater claustrophobic force to the fragility of civilization when ideology grows as deadly as any marauding beasts. Prepare also to be knocked cold and gut-kicked for good measure by its ending.
Writer-director Frank Darabont had skillfully translated the human drama of Stephen King's work in The Green Mile and The Shawshank Redemption , but he seems hopelessly lost in The Mist.
The Mist paints [its] divides starkly -- perhaps a bit too much so -- but combined with its spooks and gore, it makes for effective, smart entertainment.
The Mist divides those who want cheap escapist thrills from those who like their horror with real heart, brains, and courage.
A refreshing bummer
Acerta ao compreender a natureza do texto original, que empregava o terror como uma mera ferramenta para analisar o comportamento de seus personagens e os dilemas morais e religiosos que os impelem uns contra os outros.
Somewhere along the way, [director Frank] Darabont just got lost in the fog, and he never found his way out.
Unusually dark and gritty, with ace B-movie writing and direction from Darabont and a collection of full-on performances from a gifted cast.
Like Shyamalan's Signs but without the salvationist coda, The Mist is a bleak look at what happens when faith, hope and charity have all got lost in the fog.
This is a flawless horror movie.
Wait until you see the end of this film! It was one of the most horrific endings I have ever seen.
'The Mist is a classic monster movie turned morality play, and for a while it works on both counts.
Both a gory monster movie and a Twilight Zone-styled morality play on mob mentality and religion run amok. [DVD review]
A great achievement in many ways, Darabont's biggest misstep is his final submission to the road more traveled.
A horde of plus size nuclear bugs stops by to shoplift and chow down on some take-out humans, favoring their homo sapien dinner fare feisty and playing hard to get, and never bothering to stop at the cash register.
the ending is black but the film is great
Whereas King's short story ends ambiguously, Darabont has fashioned a denouement that just may be the most nihilistic I have ever witnessed in a film.
With all due respect to Stephen King and Frank Darabond, military experiments as a cause for science fictioned creatures is yawningly unoriginal. But go see The Mist, just for Marcia Gay Harden's amazing, chillingly accurate portrayal
This is why I love post-apocalyptic movies...
Wow, TWO good movies based on Stephen King stories in the same year? You bet. As entertaining as 1408? Not quite.
For the most part Darabont has adapted the work exactly as one would've hoped, though the last five minutes leave much to be desired
[This] grocery-store survival drama, dominated by Marcia Gay Harden as a shrill fundamentalist, serves as a crude but effective allegory for post-9/11 America.
"The Shawshank Redemption." "The Green Mile." And now "The Mist." Director Frank Darabon tells Stephen King stories that are memorable, shattering and moving. Darabont deftly translates King's words to the big screen.
A necessary throwback, a movie focused on building character, atmosphere and chills rather than on being merely a gory gross-out.
If the Academy voters are willing to consider horror fare, [Marcia Gay] Harden's performance in The Mist is worthy of a Best Supporting Actress nomination.
...almost a humorless parody of Roger Corman at his worst...
Steven King and Frank Darabont have had a good relationship over the years.
It's a horror movie of real conviction. It deserves to be a hit.
Startlingly bad...although a film whose concept could be described as "The Fog with Stephen King characters" really can't be called "startlingly" bad.
Because Darabont's not shooting for Oscar gold this time around, he's able to ease up on the pedal of self-importance and deliver an old-fashioned "B"- style genre flick.
You get what you paid for -- assuming what you paid for is seeing a solid B-list cast being eaten by a variety of icky monsters lurking in the titular mist.
A near-campy escapist thrill ride.
Darabont slowly cranks up the tension, patiently stringing us along as the trapped characters come to understand the extent of their predicament and the dawning realization of their impending doom.
Poor Maine. Between Stephen King and Jessica Fletcher it's not safe to step one foot in Vacationland. At least Mrs. Fletcher works with straight-up murder. Uncle Stevie likes his death with a side of psychological torture.
The Mist builds toward a climax so wrenching that I hesitate to recommend the film, but I think Darabont earns his vision.
The cruel irony of the ending doesn't jibe with what is essentially a big-budget politicized revamp of 1958's 'The Crawling Eye.'
King went so far as to issue a press release saying 'anybody who reveals the ending should be hung from the neck until dead.' Funny, I could say the same about whoever came up with it.
Too transfixed into a mist of its own making to be either enjoyable or sensible.
Best horror of the year.
In the worst film about a weather pattern since 2005's The Fog, Stephen King go-to adapter Frank Darabont launches this dreadful misfire that works as neither horror nor social commentary.
Even though it is mindless, at least until the provocative ending, The Mist manages to provide some decent old-school shocks.
A better adaptation would have left the monsters off screen throughout and stressed the psychology of the locked-in residents who erupted in virtual civil war against one another.
If nothing else, the ending of The Mist is sure to get people talking.
...the movie's underlying apocalyptic feel - cemented by the unbelievably grim (and downright haunting) finale - is more than effective enough to carry it through a few slow spots.
Certainly one of the best horror films of this century, and given the weakness of the genre, it may be one of the best of all time.
The Shawshank Redemption, was splendid; the second, The Green Mile, wasn't; and now The Mist continues the slide. I wouldn't say this is laugh-out-loud risible, but there are definitely moments.
This movie feels thinner, more superficial [than The Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile].
With his chilling, ultimately bleak adaptation of The Mist, writer/director Frank Darabont once again successfully channels Stephen Kingâ(TM)s twisted psyche on the big screen.
There's something out there in the mist. A horror so stifling and ravenous, it forces shoppers and management at a mom-and-pop grocer to cower with fear as they gawk at oblivion. That's right, we're talking about Super Wal-Mart.
The dialogue is more often than not artificial, predictable and even comical as it tries to wrestle characters into agreeing with the story line.
The Mist is a disappointment, not so much for what is on the screen, but for what it could have been.
Darabont and King take [the characters'] fear of the unknown to the extreme, with a finale that's emotionally brutal and bordering on sadistic.
By catching his protagonists between equally oppressive horrors, Darabont successfully finds the squelchy heart of King's story, and keeps it pumping until the ugly end.
The filmmaker writes himself into a corner he just can't get out of, and no matter which way he twists or turns the tale the only thing his film manages to create is a monstrous sense of disappointed dissatisfaction.
The movie has plenty of payoff, especially in the exciting and nerve-wracking final hour. You can try guessing what will happen next, but you'll probably be wrong.
A nice little creeper whose only limitations are its own efforts to be something more.
Like the sad, doomed shoppers in The Mist, if movie-goers are going to be trapped in a dark room for several hours, surrounded by a motley who's-who of humanity, the experience should count for something more.
Bowing to King's edict, no spoiler here. Like King, I understand the historical significance of human sacrifice, now called genocide.
There's a glib twist at the end, which seems out of character, and the movie could easily lose 20 minutes, maybe 40.
The issues raised may make for some lively debate on the way home -- especially if it's foggy out.
If [Darabont] doesn't quite make the story work as a pop allegory about mob mentality and the wages of fear, he does take it to a significantly darker place than King imagined.
What's more annoying than a bad horror movie? A bad horror movie that thinks it has lessons to teach us.
It'll look especially familiar to fans of the popular Silent Hill video games, which are said to have been inspired by King's 1980 story.
It's laughable, and not in the good way.
It's more than a thrilling horror exercise -- it's a master class in this sort of filmmaking, nailing the fundamentals at nearly every turn.
A stable of strong supporting characters often makes a film whole and one may even eclipse a lead. Marcia Gay Harden takes the cake over Thomas Jane in The Mist as a hysterical religious vessel.
An apocalypse with neither rapture nor revelations -- just endless torture and inhumanly cruel jokes.
Harden's Mrs. Carmondy would bring the whole production down if it weren't already flawed for other reasons.
The Mist is one of the best screamfests I've seen in years, and a whale of an entertainment.
It's not The Shawshank Redemption, but for what it is, The Mist is an admirable venture into the always foggy, sometimes treacherous landscape of the human soul.
A combination monster/disaster movie, it explores issues as fundamentally elusive as the nature of man, the existence of God and the purpose of religion, and its conclusions aren't going to leave anybody feeling too good about whatever they believe.
The film has the decency to spring another critter out from the darkness whenever things threaten to get too talky.
If the film's finale proves more gutsy in theory than it does in practice, it doesn't completely erase the fine, fatalistic freak show that Darabont delivers early on.
If you ever want to produce an adaptation of a Stephen King story, call Frank Darabont.
It's an old-fashioned spooker that gives the boogey-man more than a fighting chance, and leaves you more concerned about the evil out there than you were before you survived the experience.
Yes, something is in the mist. Lots of things are in the mist. They're gorgeous and frightening and strange and elaborately detailed, and the effects used to create them allow them to blend in seamlessly with the live action.
It is a competently made Horrible Things Pouncing on People Movie. If you think Frank Darabont has equaled the Shawshank and Green Mile
It's not the next horror classic, but it is the next horror film that creates a scary tension that lasts for most of the movie.
Deeply upsetting enough for me to recommend it to only the heartiest viewers.
That bloated sense of purpose turns what could have been a nifty B-movie into a strained, two-hours-plus Twilight Zone episode, and, believe me, Darabont's no Rod Serling.
Slack yet also bludgeoning.
Darabont has made an old-fashioned scary movie that uses a B-name movie cast (minus Harden) as set-piece fodder: victims and antagonists of the film's menacing creepy-crawlies.
... la finale la plus audacieuse d'un film hollywoodien depuis des années.
A remarkably faithful adaptation of King's novella ... destined to be considered among the classic King horror adaptations.
... Darabont's made what can best be called a grade-A B-movie, full of jolts and jumps and classic monster-movie tricks played out with old-school showmanship and thoroughly modern special effects.
...could have been a fantastic, 80-minute B movie - it certainly has the appropriately shlocky special effects - if it weren't directed by Frank 'Stephen King' Darabont.
Darabont and King are more concerned with speculating how people deal with alien monsters laying siege to their town like so many Phish fans.
'I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!' the quote from "Network", sums up nicely my current feelings about horror films, specifically 'The Mist'.
The town nutcase, the bible-thumping Mrs. Carmody (Marcia Gay Harden, over-acting yet again), is so convincing that one of the crowd commits suicide, and another, the store's butcher, stabs one of the good guys --- ("Clean up in Aisle Three!")
Until the director Frank Darabont decides that he's saying something important instead of making a nifty horror movie, The Mist isn't half bad.
Dark, tense, and punctuated by just enough gore to keep the viewer's flinch reflex intact.
Film adaptations of King's work tend to be hit and miss, but with last summer's '1408' and now this scary-as-hell flick, he's on a roll.
The Mist is destined to go down as a modern horror classic.
The Eli Roths of the world? Ah, who needs 'em!...The Mist is suspenseful and scary, two elements not factoring into horror much these days.
As a allegory of the human condition, it kind of comes up short but as a straightforward monster movie, it is a fairly effective work that should entertain buffs and neophytes alike.
Frank Darabont's The Mist is easily the best horror film since The Blair Witch Project and the most socially frightening statement about humanity in the post 9/11 era.
a very simple title for a complex and intriguing tale that's more about humanity than a bunch of monsters.
It's one of the most daring endings I have seen all year, which wins Darabont and King plenty of points from me for courageously going against the grain.
I'm scared of a lot of things. Cancer, Al Qaeda, teenagers. Land octopi aren't in my top 1000.
Touches upon the frightening fantasy of monsters hidden in the mist and the unsettling reality of monsters walking revealed among us.
Suburban paranoia and primitive savagery conspire to create far deeper terrors than the creatures which emerge from the titular fog.
A scary-fun horror flick that doesn't skimp on the thrills or the mayhem.
Like the novella the film is adapted from, The Mist is most interesting in its observation of societal upheaval in the face of fear.
The scenes that really work are the ones that take place outside the supermarket, in the beginning and at the end of the film.
Some scary movies can stand your hair on end. A few can make your skin crawl. The Mist gave me the feeling I was being scalped with an icicle.
Good and creepy, The Mist comes from a Stephen King novella and is more the shape, size and quality of the recent 1408.
The film isn't particularly chilling but it provides food for thought with its downright vicious assertion that humans are equally as monstrous as anything supernatural.
A flawed, sometimes goofy, but exciting and surprisingly clever adaptation of Stephen King's horror yarn.
Yes a 'doorway' opens into Maine and a crisis ensues. And it's not until the creatures learn there's also a doorway to Cabo San Lucas that the crisis finally ends.
It's a messy, ultimately depressing horror film that feels like an overlong episode of TV's The Outer Limits or The Twilight Zone.
Writer-director Frank Darabont hits every color in the feel-bad rainbow in this powerful adaptation of one of Stephen King's scariest works.
The Mist can be preachy and calculated, but it's also just what we need to counteract holiday season movie fare: a chilling creature feature in which nothing that flies is named Rudolph.
There is a mind behind Frank Darabont's windy adaptation of a Stephen King novella, but it is twisted to cynical and dispiriting ends.
Harden's performance lifts The Mist above the rank-and-file horror film. It's not a classic, but it is scary, and you'll definitely leave the theater thinking about the ending.
Takes a terrifying plot and then somehow manages to miss the mark and the scares.
The Mist made me want to scream, but for all the wrong reasons.
A big, meaty monster movie that's as entertaining for its Lovecraftian beasties as it is for its more "intellectual" aspirations.
Delivers the squirmy pleasures of a big bug movie enough that you won't want to swat it from the screen.
I have got to hand it to Darabont for coming up with one of the most definitive, unforgettable climaxes in horror movie history. It's worth the price of admission, alone.
The film promises gnarly B-movie goosebumps but delivers an unctuous salve on noisome human nature.
The Mist is a supermarket of B-movie essentials, handsomely stocked with bad science, stupid behavior, chewable lines of dialogue, religious fruitcakes, and a fine display of monsters.
Darabont used the camera crew of the TV series The Shield. But what he really should have done is hire the show's cast.
While The Mist is nothing more than an old-fashioned monster flick, it's one that's been given an impressive facelift.
[N]ot only one of the best movies of 2007, it's one of the best horror movies ever made...
Frank Darabont ditches the warm and fuzzies for out-and-out cynicism about mankind's capacity for goodness and altruism with The Mist.
There is more going on as it considers class, religion, and the terror of the easy answer to the more difficult questions, or monsters, that life throws with wild abandon.
Delivers big chills and keeps the goosebumps a'bumpin.
Stephen King's The Mist is a reminder of what a great horror movie is all about.
The bugs and such are gross enough -- and yet so very handsome -- in Frank Darabont's nifty, unusually spry, and almost shockingly pessimistic low-budget adaptation of [Stephen] King's 1980 extended short story.
A horror flick that suffers from stock characters and mediocre special effects, but still dleivers the basic goods.
The film can't sustain this momentum en route to a highly calculated ending that departs from King's more ambiguous denouement to mostly shrug-worthy effect.
Decent special effects aside, the thriller -- about a killer fog that rolls into a Maine community and traps terrified townsfolk in a grocery store as it unleashes a menagerie of otherworldly predators -- is less horrific than it is horribly didactic.
It'll rock you to the core.







@highlight

Frank Darabont's impressive camerawork and politically incisive script make The Mist a truly frightening experience.