'Kids for Cash' will scare the wits out of anyone worried about how institutional neglect is affecting our kids.
The film is imperfect in its structure, but director Robert May never sensationalizes what is horrifying enough in its straightforward telling.
Kids for Cash does what any great advocacy doc does: give you the cold hard facts to get you angry and make you want to pay attention so that something like this never happens again.
Its small filmmaking flaws aside, the story of Kids For Cash is a powerful and important one.
While the film has heroes -- this is part of the utility of May's filmmaking -- the conclusions about the juvenile justice system in this country are even more haunting.
A vital, urgent and infuriating look at the devastating failures of the juvenile court system and the insidious reach of prison privatization.
In his directorial debut, Robert May examines in granular detail the causes and effects of the scandal, and interviewed dozens of people over a number of years.
That the film showcases the students after these experiences indicates the broader stakes of this story, from the judge's self-delusions to the parents' frustrations to the kids' ongoing struggles.
A new kind of Scared Straight! for the post-Columbine generation.
Adds considerable behind-the-headlines insight . . . despite the frustrating blank holes that are filled with rage against the machine of injustice.
May errs, however, in styling this human interest saga.
A carefully measured, admirably precise account of this sordid business.
May does a marvelous job laying out this horrific scandal.
An extraordinary feat.
This provides enough valuable information to constitute a worthy public service announcement.
Without sensationalizing his already scandalous material, Mr. May arranges the contributions of reporters, lawyers and anguished relatives of young offenders into a shocking and impartial portrait of justice denied and childhoods erased.
[A] harrowing documentary.
[A] for-profit prison developer so easily gaming the American justice system? An entire community of families ignorant of their legal rights? [These] are much thornier, more pressing outrages, and they go unexplored.
It's worth seeing Robert May's vital judicial expose - not only to learn about the titular scandal, but also to appreciate both the highs and lows of human resilience.
A staggeringly ironic case of misinformed blanket judgment about a man who did the exact same thing.
"Kids for Cash," an impressive, often enraging feature-length debut from director Robert May, deals carefully and well with the so-called kids for cash scandal.
After a stage-setting opening passage, director Robert May cuts deeper-past the allegations of wrongdoing, to a more multi-faceted critique of the justice system.
This film feeds our outrage--that a judge has the chutzpah to send kids up the river for minor offenses in return for kickbacks.
Scattershot yet engrossing.
The documentary is stellar, despite some vague visual-metaphor stuff involving dioramas in an attic. Bring something you can punch, as you will be furious.
Adjectives like "Kafkaesque" and "Dickensian" are woefully inadequate to May's novelistic account, the movie equivalent of a page-turner.
It's a huge story, and Kids for Cash provides a measure of justice.
A nightmarish and heart-wrenching documentary about fear, paranoia. greed, and an indictment of the juvenile justice system.
It's an honest investigation -- unprejudiced toward its subjects, thorough in its research, comprehensive in its intellectual framework -- and it's a tragedy.
Kids for Cash is no-nonsense, no-stone-unturned filmmaking.
Kids for Cash provides a clear, balanced narrative, opening with campaign ads and footage of Ciavarella giving a "tough talk" presentation at a Scranton school.
The scariest thing about 'Kids for Cash' isn't so much the story as its portrayal of a hot mess where everyone believed they were in the right.
Anybody who needs a new reason to hate lawyers ought to check out this shocking documentary chronicling a pay-to-play scheme about a couple of crooked judges who enriched themselves at the expense of innocent adolescents.
Deeply shocking and continually surprising.
This harrowing true-life tale provokes maximum outrage.

@highlight

Dispassionately presented yet frequently enraging, Kids for Cash uses the fallout from one horrific scandal to offer a thought-provoking critique of the justice system in general.