Love may have plonked his protagonists in the modern world but they still feel trapped in a long-gone era, when police brutality was commonplace and women knew their place.
It goes nowhere, lost in the thick, indecipherable cockney accents and seemingly endless shootouts and car chases.
You'd be better off going out into the lobby for popcorn and a soda for the first hour.
Pulpy Brit actioner for die-hard fans of Ray Winstone, whose close-to-camp turn as '70s TV hero Jack Regan isn't enough to warrant a booking.
Let's not waste each other's time. You already know whether this sounds like the kind of top bloke you'd fancy having a pint with. If so, The Sweeney is your film.
The film is just stylized enough to register as above average, but on the whole it's pretty forgettable - the kind of film you describe with a noncommittal "interesting," while walking out of the theater.
This British film's coppers are all anachronisms as are the filmmakers' attitudes toward their anti-heroes and female characters.
If you watched any of the dozens of gritty BBC crime dramas that have reached our shores over the last decade, The Sweeney looks and feels like a bigger-budgeted version of those productions.
[It] feels a lot like an American-made cop movie circa 1990.
This throwback to 1970s cops and robbers movies had me 'nicked.'
This is Winstone's show and it's a perfect showcase for his bluff, easygoing machismo. He was born to play this lovable scoundrel, with an emphasis on his rogue elements.
Based on a '70s British program, this is a bombastic effort that, while not successful, is still as bracing as a cold pint.
Winstone is, as always, perfectly believable as a tough guy and after a slow start - due, somewhat, to American ears adjusting to those problematic accents - the film hits a groove.
Maybe it worked in the '70s; it's too worn to work these days. Ray Winstone needs to find better rocks to chew on.
The movie blithely repeats most of the clichés of the American badass-cop flick, only in impenetrable Cockney.
This might just be a British thing that we don't understand - literally.
Mr. Winstone chews on this Cockney cops-and-robbers caper with foulmouthed glee.
A briskly involving British crime entertainment of the old school. You've seen the type, and more than once, but the genre still has enough juice to take us for a ride.
[Winstone] radiates such a threatening vibe that he doesn't have to say a word to make your hair stand on end. And his grim, glowering work in "The Sweeney" ranks up there with his best.
An intermittently exciting watch, thanks to some screeching car chases and a brilliant Central London shootout.
The Sweeney was originally a 1970s TV show, but with the archetypal characters, the rote plot, and the nondescript gunfights, it feels more like an adaptation of a video game.
The only thing more tiresome than a gritty reboot of a TV series is a gritty reboot of an unfamiliar TV series.
Somewhere in the laundry list of clichés, there is a movie here that we have already seen and forgotten.
After countless identical Jason Statham movies, the rugged, ground-level toughness of British actioner The Sweeney comes as a breath of fresh, brutal air.
A serviceable feature good for a few cheap thrills. Just don't expect to be moved by dramatics viewed in hundreds of similar police pictures.
Clichés abound, even in the look of the film, which toggles between post-Ritchie crime-violence burlesque and sleek, Nolanesque faux-grandeur.
Regardless of whether you're a longtime devotee or not, you'll be left saying, "This is The Sweeney? I've been rooked."
A solid Ray Winstone action/cops vehicle, properly gritty with just enough surprises.
Solid cops-and-robbers pulp designed for people who like seeing cops getting dirty and robbers getting theirs.
Winstone attempts to bluster his way through, but remains the least credible action star this side of Sylvester Stallone in The Expendables.
The Sweeney is a modern mauling of an old TV show that went quite alright in its day. If only because it was so consistently cheap, nasty and entertaining. The new version? Just nasty.
Fans of the original 1970s TV show will not be amused. Casual observers may simply shrug with indifference.
There's not much more we could ask for in a contempo police procedural - except maybe subtitles to overcome the heavy, dense cockney accents
Gritty and violent, this character-driven drama socks it to us without restraint and we get the distinct impression there's nothing left in the tank by the time the tale is told
There's plenty of muscle in Nick Love's bloody, boys' own adventure, but not much suspense and next to no logic.
The Sweeney is a parasitic tapeworm, masquerading as a British crime epic.
[C]omes across more like wishful thinking, as if both the onscreen fictional characters and the offscreen real-life filmmakers were fantasizing about being in a Hollywood action movie...
Winstone shows he's got what it takes to slide into John Thaw's acrylic flares.
Big, brash, ballsy fun. It's a Winstone mecca for fans to witness their idol in all his former hard-man glory ...
It's alright so 'ave a look.
What the hell's this pony trap? That Nick Love - Danny Dyer's best mate - has only gone and made a film with the same bleedin' name. But this ain't the Sweeney.
Fans of the original drama about the Metropolitan Police's Flying Squad will not be pleased by it.
Brimming with leather jackets, submachine guns, fast cars and a suitably grim and brutal determination to catch London's bad guys.
Have a beer, get some mates involved and enjoy this solid, Brit actioner.
Sweeney? Pony, more like.
The new Sweeney is cobblers, albeit cobblers on fast wheels.
The results are hilariously stupid - a police procedural without the foggiest idea of what constitutes police procedure.
If the plot was tighter, more involving and suspenseful you might overlook the ludicrous swagger of the whole thing but the story is a run-of-the-mill yarn about bank robbers that never much grips or convinces. It's also too long.
The Sweeney is pacily directed, superbly acted and delivers some exciting action sequences, but the only elements that remain from the TV show are the names of the characters and the central catchphrase.
Ray Winstone is well cast, but that's about the only thing this remake gets right.
Although the film isn't much more than a stretched-out television episode, its characters are lively and engaging
A serviceable thriller albeit one lacking in real adrenaline.
Enjoy it for the nonsense that it is. And, after a brilliantly-inventive, trailer-smash finale, dare to hope for more.
It's Winstone who keeps 'The Sweeney' on the right side of duff.
The Sweeney is a film out of time; a reboot that feels more dated than the original.
Love has ingeniously  managed to stretch his tiny  5 million budget to create a glamorous, glossy action flick.
The action's arresting but the dialogue's not much cop in this well-played and enjoyable hardboiled British police thriller.
Might just be the guiltiest of guilty pleasures.
It won't rehabilitate Love in the eyes of his many detractors, but nor will it disappoint the devoted fanbase he has built.
It's a brainless joyride that ends up spinning its wheels in macho clichés.


@highlight

Ray Winstone exudes tough-guy bravado, but this cop thriller otherwise feels thoroughly generic.