James Gray has exactly what American cinema needs-sincerity. Gray deals in melodrama-and male melodrama at that-but treats it with a solemn seriousness that makes one believe again in the earnestness of American genre cinema.
What made the filmmakers come up with such a 1959 scenario? Better yet, how did they make this hoary plot so damned entertaining? Must be movie magic.
Please, don't be fooled by this. It's all showboating scenes, pretentious ideals and NO realism whatsoever.
I can't stop thinking about Leonard, how I want him to be free, living an authentic life ... but also to to remain under supervision so he won't mess himself up. Phoenix is brilliant here.
We know the characters better than they know themselves
... it's instructive to view director/co-writer ... James Gray's take on the effects of private infidelity.
Tells a pretty old story but gets you hooked on its atmosphere and how it embellishes the heady sensation of shedding the coldness of solitude and depression with the warmth of walking through a new romance.
Lugubrious affair involving a young man suffering from weltschmerz and the two women he loves set in Brighton Beach.
This is supposed to be a romantic drama, but Woody Allen could have made a very funny film out of this exact same story.
Trying, unwieldy, and affecting
Joaquin Phoenix is bruised, raw ... and miscast in the otherwise compelling Two Lovers
The film never feels dark or gloom-laden. The performances are so sensitive, so convincing, that we are drawn inescapably into a real world of pain and solace.
It's a fascinating character study, and draws on Phoenix's strength as an actor: playing tormented, brooding characters.
If you're looking to feed the melancholy existential restlessness of the soul, there are few films that have ever done it better.
Despair and confusion are explored in Two Lovers with a rigorous, unsentimental directness that is also full of feeling.
Keeps a grip on you.
Gray's use of the Scope screen is meticulous, and the film is much more interesting than a brief outline might suggest - but despite its qualities, Leonard's character remains rather too inaccessible.
I'd call it the emotional thriller. Two Lovers is nuanced, intricate and sophisticated storytelling, as it follows the quite extraordinary emotional journey of Leonard Kraditor, Jewish son of a small business family.
The actors, all of whom deliver compelling, low-key performances, are mere particles bouncing off each other in Gray's vast spaces and the city that consumes them.
A far cry in insight from Hollywood's idealized romantic dramas.
Two Lovers is a romantic drama for grown ups.
Phoenix plays that schism -- the damaged soul in a hunky body -- to perfection, so well that we overlook the logical chasm at the centre of the tale.
Gray guides his strong cast to a resolution that is both surprising and entirely realistic.
A technically good effort, but more a Lifetime movie of the week substance wise.
An engaging movie, even though the story doesn't convince.
This is a film where not a lot happens but fans of Phoenix will no doubt lap it up.
It's not that writer-director James Gray makes bad movies. It's just that it's difficult to remember anything about the movies he makes.
Like watching one of those theatre productions in which the child characters are played by adults. Unbearable.
Despite its many strengths, Two Lovers's pared down, bleak outlook on relationships makes it feel like an enterprise that would have work better as an intimate three-hand stage play than writ large on the silver screen.
moving, candid study of love and choices. But, if you want escapism, you're probably better off with Marley & Me.
A noble effort scuppered by an affected, ill-fitting central performance and the director's penchant for ponderous, transparent plotting, this offers a refreshingly unconventional take on the standard Hollywood romance but very little else.
A maudlin quest for love with only Phoenix's performance to keep you interested.
A sombre, intelligent affair with superb performances across the board.
It's almost always either night or at least dusk, and Gray's heartsick main character seems to suck in the darkness like oxygen.
If Phoenix's rap career doesn't work out, I'm sure there'll be a leading part for him in Gray's next picture.
A small, dark, simple love story with big, burning, complex emotions. If this really is Phoenix's final performance, it's one hell of a way to go.
Gray's direction lovingly toys with images of containment and release, effectively playing out the drama in visual terms - but we never really feel it.
Kraditor's vacillating affections make up what could have been a frustratingly underpowered drama but for Gray's subtle, intelligent direction and Phoenix's raw performance.
Everything about Leonard's Jackie-v-Marilyn dilemma is socked over with Gray's trademark sincerity, but I found it difficult to credit, and his situation, though viewed through the smoked glass of gloomy realism, is an indulgent fantasy.
Love is a selfish animal here, one Gray dissects coldly and perhaps too neatly - he forecloses on any chance of happiness. Still, his emotional sincerity, great gift of melancholy and unsettling use of ambient sound are still everywhere in evidence.
For all its oddity, and despite falling short of full-on David Lynch-style weirdness, it has a sweetness and warmth that makes it worth the effort.
Stylish drama fails to set the pulses racing.
A moving, thoughtful and complex look at the nature of lovesickness, our star gives the performance of his life.
This dull drama is not a great way to bow out.
But good acting transcends motivational lesions. Before Phoenix, especially, and his raw, real, fumbling neediness we simply say "Yes, we believe".
Fine performances -- notably from Phoenix -- still don't make this an easy sell. But it is atmospheric, accomplished and intense.
It never feels quite believable, though Phoenix is touching in the central role. If this really is his screen swansong - he apparently intends to pursue a musical career - then it will be the movies' loss.
Although at times Phoenix's impression of an overgrown Kevin the Teenager threatens to derail the film's subtlety, it still makes for a satisfying swansong if this really is to be his final film.
Engaging, watchable drama with terrific performances from Phoenix, Paltrow and Shaw, though it doesn't quite pack the emotional punch you're expecting.
A strong story is given weight and meaning by some especially vivid acting, but a too-mainstream approach to the edgy subject matter leaves the film feeling oddly flat.
As with his other films, Gray revels in placing his characters in an oppressive milieu, and he keeps the mood downbeat here.
If this is it for Joaquin Phoenix's film career, at least he's going out the right way.
Gray doesn't underline 'significant' moments or bits of information, but asks the viewer to be attentive to his story and sympathetic to his characters.
This is a gentle, understated character-driven piece that has more in common with European romantic dramas than those made in this country as a rule.
How curious and somehow sad that Joaquin Phoenix has decided to retire from acting just when he delivers yet another impressive performance.
Feels positively Sirkian in its careful stylization and close consideration of matters of the repressed human heart.
If Two Lovers winds up being Phoenix's last movie, at least it offers posterity incontrovertible proof that, once, he was a contender.
The performances are just about perfect -- powerful (but never show-offy) and carefully modulated.
Those with patience will be rewarded. It's not exactly a new story, but the film is done pretty well and is done with honesty.
...plods along in a sort of mopey fog...
...melodrama, predictable yet compelling, [but] there are things about this movie that make it better than it might sound.
A wall of family photos, glimpsed briefly in an early scene of Two Lovers, lays out Leonard's too conventional dilemma.
Heartbreakingly explores our romantic delusions, and the tragedy of always wanting more than we can have.
Eventually, the arid story, the languid pace and the phoniness of the personages and performances all overwhelm Gray's slight intent.
What elevates Two Lovers beyond the mundane is the strength of the performances.
It's what the film does within the confines of that basic situation that makes it something pretty special.
A true gem, a fascinating character study that appears to actually live in the real world.
Phoenix's performance overwhelms the slight story.
[Pheonix] never simply plays the role, he Acts it out... and the mechanics of his Acting are always very present for all the world to see.
There's not much plot, but the characterizations are beautiful.
Very little is explicit. The audience is left to infer much from spotty information, and yet a full and specific picture emerges. We are never in doubt of the truth of the characters and the absolute solidity of the world being depicted.
The film is all about creating a mood, and it hangs over you for days.
[A] compact, compassionate portrait of a man struggling to define himself and his own understanding of happiness.
Instead of opting for a big dramatic setting he stays small, finding the tender truth within what could have seemed a cliché.
It's the sort of brooding turn that makes us mourn Phoenix's threatened retreat from acting.
While Gray shares Leonard's love of photographing Brighton Beach street life and storefronts, and does so with great sensitivity and skill, this is such a worn-out cinematic setting that it has the effect of someone who's forever showing you baby photos.
Joaquin Phoenix and writer-director James Gray team up again for something on a smaller scale, and though the story is no less familiar the results are frequently affecting.
It's a triangle movie that encompasses three moods and varieties of love (and how they all bleed into each other): domestic, romantic, erotic.
Director Gray knows New York City like few other directors ever have.
[A] film full of simple scenes brimming with unspoken complications.
There are good intentions here, and good ingredients. But the sum total feels less like a passionate lover and more like a passing crush.
Ranks with the best work Joaquin Phoenix has ever done.
A wonderful character-driven drama about a man caught between what he has and what he wants.
If the hype is true and this is really Phoenix's last role, he chose a relatively heavy and awkward film to go out on. The acting was superb and the flick felt very realistic.
Two Lovers should be a depressing downer of a film, but it's not.
... a discomfortingly honest drama about the frustrations of love and desire.
What the heart wants can be difficult to put into words, but longing and intensity of feeling ripple across Phoenix's face like shadows of doubt. He brings quiet clarity, confidence and ease to a character as confused as its actor's alter-ego.
Phoenix may be falling into an abyss, or it may be a stunt, some kind of public performance art. Either way, it's more engrossing than what goes on in the Two Lovers.
Despite its essential implausibility, Two Lovers lingers in your consciousness -- or loiters there, like Leonard standing on the street corner.
The remarkable intimacy Gray finds with his cast lifts the movie up as its quiet story unfolds, pulling us in and making the world smaller until nothing matters but these three.
It's one of the few movies I've seen recently that improves on a second viewing, in part because Phoenix does such remarkably subtle work.
If Phoenix does carry through on his threat to leave acting behind for good, he could hardly ask for a more tastefully executed, sweetly melancholy swan song.
It may be a little too heavy to represent an ideal date movie, but it's an honest, adult romance that deserves recognition for not pandering to those on a quest for 90 minutes of escapism.
A film of unusual perception, played at perfect pitch by Phoenix, Shaw, Paltrow and the other actors. It is calm and mature. It understands these characters. It doesn't juggle them for melodrama, but looks inside.
While I'll concede that on some level it's fairly absurd, I also found it impossible not to be swept up in the film's gonzo sincerity...
Possibly James Gray's best film yet and one of Joaquin Phoenix' best performances. Heartbreak and renewal set against the wrought iron, cold asphalt and restless sea of forgotten Brighton Beach.
...an attractive cast, solid acting and deft direction help the film rise above the routine story, making it enjoyable and familiar. I call it comfortable.
As we head into a spring of superheroes, special effects, and toy tie-ins, Two Lovers might be one of your last best chances to see real human beings on the big screen as they try to wrap their heads and hearts around the hopes and hurts of real life.
Good performances by Rossellini, Paltrow, Shaw, and Phoenix are pretty much wasted in this too long, dispiriting film in which entertainment value was ignored.
However moody, Two Lovers didn't strike me as a downer, for the simple reason that it wells with sights and sounds that are guaranteed to lift, not sink, the spirits.
A movie you sense is supposed to be a nuanced story of depression and the complexity of our emotional choices becomes far too straightforward.
I thought it was a gritty New York story and actually really lost myself in the characters.
The film has a moody expressiveness that stays with you.
A somewhat emotionally hollow, often meandering romantic drama buoyed by strong performances.
A custom fit character for edgy Joaquin, a laundry drone who gets taken to the cleaners in this love the one you're with sordid triangle, where a grownup romantic adventure is the same as running away from home. Two Lovers, where Mom makes three.
Genuine and affecting, Two Lovers hinges almost entirely on how good Joaquin Phoenix is.
Joaquin Phoenix indie is a boring, self-indulgent melodrama.
A beautifully made romantic drama that provides a great showcase for the acting talents of Joaquin Phoenix in what he claims will be his last role.
Writer-director James Gray's Two Lovers is an old story, well told.
Themes of loneliness, alienation and unrequited love are not new, but there is always that sense of the unexpected in Phoenix that keeps you curious.
Director James Gray is best known for hard-edged dramas like Little Odessa, so it's surprising to find he has such a well-developed romantic side.
A dismal cine-splotch about depressed losers in outer Brooklyn by writer-director James Gray.
This is an inspired performance by a superb actor in an elegantly grave romantic drama.
Two Lovers isn't a particularly grand gesture, but in the tradition of John Cassavetes and Woody Allen, its stakes are personal yet universally human.
...director James Gray, working for the third time with Joaquin Phoenix, has given the actor perhaps his most complex role, in a story that resembles a blue collar "Momma's Man" if Azaziel Jacobs's character had been a tortured romantic.
The movie's occasionally risible sincerity is what sets the flawed but riveting Two Lovers apart from other recent films about young New Yorkers in love.
So rich, so fully realized that it inspires the same sort of awe as one of Henry Selick's stop-motion-animated wonders.
Strong performances and the gritty Brooklyn setting make this an above-average romantic drama.
Along with the delicate, deep performances, we get a strong, genuine emotional connection with these folks, even though they're walking through the oldest story in the book.
...returns the idea of pain, and the threat of bad decisions, to the American film romance.
If Phoenix's transition from actor to rapper turns out to be true, this would make quite an intriguing swan song for sure.
Though it is set in the present, Two Lovers takes place in what often feels like an earlier incarnation of New York.
After his miserable cop drama "We Own the Night," co-writer/director James Gray grinds gears switching from his typical predilection for crime genre stories to make an imitation love story.
An uncannily perceptive acknowledgment of settling -- Paltrow with Phoenix, and Phoenix with Shaw -- with a happy kiss at the end that leaves us chilled.
Bravely wearing his heart on his sleeve, James Gray directs the tender and terrific Two Lovers as an antidote to the virus of hip.
hardcore drama, with desire at its center
An involving, gently paced and well-cast drama about a tortured soul and his efforts at redemption.
The particulars of the story, Gray's moody compositions and feel for the neighborhood, and especially the performances rescue Two Lovers from the obvious.
If the film truly is Phoenix's swan song it's not a bad way to go out.
Joaquin Phoenix gives a heartbreakingly affecting performance in James Gray's richly observed, truly character-driven romantic triangle.
An intense emotional drama, beautifully photographed and profoundly ambiguous, suspended somewhere between realism and psychosexual allegory.
Gray's lack of interpretive distance from his subject, coupled with extreme overacting from his lead actor, results in melodrama that sits up and begs to be farce.
Gray is a skilled craftsman of these withdrawn stories, and Two Lovers, while easily his most modest production to date, is incredibly successful illuminating the single-minded drive of whispered male lust.
Two Lovers is a testament to the childish madness of infatuation, and maybe even true love's impossibility.
As much as I could say about Gwyneth Paltrow and Vinessa Shaw bringing strong performances to the table, it all goes double and triple for Joaquin Phoenix.
Finally, the year's first serious American movie.
For a movie with the word 'lovers" in the title, Two Lovers may be a dark and dreary affair, but one not without its rewards.
You have to watch it with different brain muscles than you're used to using, because the film has no frills or hooks, no visible 'arcs,' nothing to grab on to but the fragile humanity of the people on screen.
Two Lovers has roots in pure soap opera, but its gentle pacing and delicate performances lift it blithely above the dangers of parody as it tells the story of two tortured misfits groping in the dark for human contact.
The acting is all first-rate, and Mr. Gray and his cinematographer, Joaquín Baca-Asay, have captured their locale in its most somber stages, as if to emphasize the essential sadness of the two love stories, and the chill they induce in the viewer.
If you've been searching for a non-addictive, non-chemical cure for insomnia, Two Lovers may be the answer to your prayers.
The performers are attractive if unconvincing. The auteur's worldview is unappealing yet authentically his.
Focuses so intently on character details and setting that the gradual development and resolution of the plot seems not rote but fervent, prickly, alive.
The buried themes in James Gray's fourth film, Two Lovers, slowly emerge from its accumulation of quotidian, seemingly small details.
An involving, ultimately touching romantic drama about a young man's struggle deciding between the two women in his life.
A throwback to the days when love in the movies involved the mind as well as the heart.
Although Paltrow is radiant (and she nails the character's ditzy sense of entitlement), it's Phoenix's movie. He is, once again, stupendous, and stupendous in a way he has never been before.
Small but affecting drama...a deceptively simple but emotionally rich tale [with] a remarkable lead performance.
Here's hoping Phoenix's foray into a music career is short-lived, because he continues to reveal himself as a fascinatingly complex actor.
An alluring romantic drama that challenges us to see the tricky machinations of desire and its blend of sweetness and bitterness.
Joaquin Phoenix is superbly cast as is the entire ensemble in the story of an emotionally disturbed fellow who is charismatic enough to seduce two beautiful women.
Gray's old-fashioned romantic melodrama is well acted, but the contrast between the two women, the Gentile (Paltrow) and the Jewish (Shaw), is too schematic and the ending too neat to be credible.
An early suicide attempt, complete with potent sound design, confers a life-and-death gravity on the picture that its story about a faltering manchild with a frustrated crush doesn't fully earn.








@highlight

Two Lovers is a complex, intriguing, richly-acted romantic drama