Cute, slight -- the very definition of "Netflixable."
The fresh, genuinely funny rom-com will make you feel a lot of things, and you'll undoubtedly emerge wishing that Williams was your best friend.
Writer/director James Strouse has given us a modern comedy that is both innovative and genuine, going as far as dwelving into several comedy subgenres...
The Incredible Jessica James has more to it than what first meets the eyes, and it's so worth delving into if you've got the patience to relish in it for exactly what it is.
But all along, [Jessica Williams'] presence onscreen showed something like star power. And in The Incredible Jessica James, she fulfills that promise.
Unfortunately, The Incredible Jessica James isn't quite as incredible as Jessica James.
[Jessica] Williams is a very strong presence with energy and personality to spare--she will go far.
This drama-comedy goes general when others go specific.
Jessica Williams deserves your undivided attention. She is freakin' dope, and I can't wait to see what she does next.
A 27-year-old comedian and Daily Show correspondent given ample room to breathe, riff and roar by director Jim Strouse's script, Williams bounds into the proceedings with unfiltered comic peculiarity.
Williams, the 27-year-old former Daily Show correspondent and co-host of the podcast 2 Dope Queens, is so charming that she elevates a perfectly predictable rom-com into a blast.
Crisp, star-driven romcom has sexual content, cursing.
It's a familiar story about a 20-something millennial woman in New York who is angsty about her ex and the fact that her career isn't exactly where she wants it to be. But there were a few subtle nuances that made this film a game-changer
This is Ms. Williams's movie, and she owns it.
Flat-out hilarious.
The Incredible Jessica James isn't reinventing the rom-com, but it doesn't need to. It's sweet, smart, and funny, and makes me want to see Jessica Williams star in all of the things.
Strouse wrote the film for Williams, and even though this is her leading lady debut, it's almost impossible to imagine any other actress or comedian bringing as much wit and charm to the title role.
In Williams's hands, Jessica James becomes a diamond-sharp protagonist, and the only defining feature of an otherwise formless movie.
Above all else, it's a strong argument for Jessica Williams, former Daily Show breakout, as a cinematic avatar for a certain kind of city-dwelling, creative 20-something.
The movie has an easygoing, low-key charm that makes the idea of spending more time hanging out with Jessica very appealing.
I would highly recommend this film to anyone interested in a funny, unconventional romantic comedy about trying to get your life and career together while balancing personal and professional relationships. Basically, everyone should see this film.
In some cases you might think, 'I've seen this all before.' Yes. You have. But not with a leading lady like Jessica Williams. She's something else entirely.
As the lead, Jessica has undoubtedly stylishness and charisma, but she is often a bit cold and ungenerous, and is marooned in a movie that often just isn't all that funny.
Sadly, The Incredible Jessica James is only isn't up to par with the tremendous talent of the former Daily Show correspondent, who still brings her keen observational comedy and wit to this Netflix romantic comedy only to have it wasted.
Rarely, if ever, does Strouse support the budding romance with any choice that would suggest this is an amorous story.
"The Incredible Jessica James" may feel a little too familiar as character-driven comedies go, but it adds freshness to the standard indie tropes with strong performances, fully realized characters and some truly funny moments.
Jessica Williams fills up a space like the glow of a megawatt bulb. She transitions from TV to film at light-speed, glorying in the extra room.
O'Dowd and Williams play well off of each other, conveying the stages of a new relationship from awkward first date to first big fight with an easy and believable chemistry.
An extremely appealing feature.
The Incredible Jessica James is pretty wonky, delivering a story that's heart is big, but that's path is meandering. Still, Williams makes it sing.
Throughout the film, one wishes for a bit more depth regarding Jessica's professional struggles.
Williams is taking her next big step forward, graduating to full-fledged leading lady status in The Incredible Jessica James with style and charm to spare.
Wonderfully complex and lighthearted at the same time.
The Incredible Jessica James may fall victim to some romantic comedy cliches, but it's also very inspiring to all women of shapes and sizes.
The Incredible Jessica James may be a slight romantic comedy, but there's abundant pleasure in watching comedienne Jessica Williams in this star-making performance.
Williams along with her burgeoning star power and ability to bring absolute charm and sparkle to every second of the film elevates it.
Casting makes all the difference, and Williams and co-star Chris O'Dowd bounce off each other with a sparky, sarcastic chemistry.
From the opening title sequence where Jessica's dancing abandon creates a more intimate version of La La Land's highway number, through to the closing culmination of the romantic arc, The Incredible Jessica James is a true delight
'Jessica James' isn't much of a movie - it's slight and underwritten, and even at 85 minutes, a lot of it feels like padding. But it does one, important thing well: it's a totally serviceable "J-Willie is a movie star" demo reel.
By the time you get to the movie's predictable ending all you can wonder if and when Jessica Williams will write and star in her own movie sooner rather than later. And if that's the silver lining of "Incredible Jessica James" we'll take it.
Genuinely funny, but not in an aggressively bit-driven way.
Maybe it's because Jessica Williams did variations on this part as a correspondent on The Daily Show, but there's an authenticity to her that keeps everything light, honest, easygoing.
Unfortunately, the narrative Strouse surrounds [Williams] in feels narrow-minded.
Jessica Williams is not just the star of Jim Strouse's latest picture, she's its very life force.
I won't go so far as to say Jessica James would have been a bad film without Williams, but she's so amazing in the lead role that it's hard to imagine this movie without her.
We've heard this story before, but a refreshing sense of humor and a stellar performance from actress-comedian Jessica Williams brings Jim Strouse's film to life.
A comedy centered around a multi-dimensional African-American woman who is smart, funny, vulnerable, sensual, charming, flawed, resilient, well-educated, an inspiring teacher and a loving friend feels almost like the cinematic equivalent of a unicorn.
She's got a lot to offer, the door's been opened, and now we'll see what she does with it.
While Strouse does occasionally wade into treacly rom-com territory, Williams and O'Dowd's emotionally raw performances always keep the film grounded where it belongs.
Some people are born to be movie stars, and "The Incredible Jessica James" successfully makes that case for leading lady Jessica Williams.

@highlight

The Incredible Jessica James makes its standard storyline feel new, almost purely on the strength of a captivating, potentially star-making performance from Jessica Williams.