A mixed bag with some fiery intensity and tension, but also lulls due to scattered focus.
Emily Blunt and Oscar winner Benicio del Toro are terrific, and director Denis Villeneuve keeps the thriller pumping with brutal momentum.
Denis Villeneuve's  film is a gripping, smart action thriller that reflects  the moral ambiguity of the American war on drugs and  features a trio of powerful performances.
Sweat will drip from your hands during the final 20 minutes with tension beyond palpable as you witness what will wind up being one of the most talked about scenes in all of cinema
A thriller must thrill, but to do so properly it has to be emotionally involving as well, and this one isn't.
There's enough payoff in the action to make Sicario feel satisfying, but underneath the combined polish of Villeneuve and Deakins is a hollow shell.
Far from being the cunningly ambiguous moral parable its champions claim it to be, Sicario actually hedges its bets in order to remain shamelessly crowd-pleasing.
[Emily Blunt] is the perfect audience stand-in in Sicario, the latest journey into the heart of darkness masterminded by Canadian director Denis Villeneuve.
The real star of the film may be cinematographer Roger Deakins, whose work here is both breathtaking and purposeful, a huge part of why [Sicario] remains thrilling even as its plot loses steam.
Blunt does such meticulous and brilliant work that, if they're smart, the filmmakers will push her for an Oscar nomination in the supporting category.
Sicario is a one-of-a-kind experience. It's an action-drama that relishes its necessary job, but does so in unbelievable style.
A taut procedural thriller tinged with the trappings of the horror and war genres ... Sicario is one of the best films of the year.
Immaculately made, and boasting one of 2015's greatest performances; but there is, ultimately, a limit to how artistically meaningful something so fixated on agony can possibly be.
'Sicario' is 'Traffic' on steroids; lots of bad cartel hombres. The FBI's naïve, the CIA's hydrochloric acid-cynical, Delta Force is brutal. Dude film with a killer cast-fun!
Some pieces of the puzzle do come together eventually, but be warned, there is no light at the end of this particular tunnel of darkness.
It's a thoughtful film, but also a visceral and affecting one, capturing the intensity of these raids and encounters.
A riveting thriller led by the compelling performances of flinty Emily Blunt... a never-better Benicio del Toro as Alejandro, a enigmatically shady character who is part of a covert operation headed by Josh Brolin into which Blunt is seconded.
The strength of this essentially psychological thriller lies in its own queasy, cul-de-sac sense of entering a room where very bad things could happen.
A work of staggering self-confidence, the kind of movie that believes in itself so completely that audience apathy is all but impossible.
A textbook piece of thriller filmmaking. The script is labyrinthine and credible, the locations look realistic, and the acting is uniformly superb.
Exceptionally silent and disturbing, Sicario - which translates to 'assassin' - is an outstanding piece of art and an intriguing action-thriller that questions human decency, morality and ethics when faced with a life-or-death situation.
This is a film built on a foundation soaked in nitroglycerine; every situation seems pitched on the verge of combustion.
Sicario is a good film, filled with great moments and good timing for suspense and action, but its main conflict weakens as Emily Blunt's character does too, same with her will. [Full Review in Spanish]
There is much agony in this film, but its depiction is as forthright and unpretentious as it can be, and as such it must be respected in its search for verisimilitude.
Villeneuve pulls no punches-it's refreshingly frank, and while it may not be a "feel-good" movie, it's a film that you're not likely to shake too quickly after it ends.
It delivers a constant, exhilarating stream of elaborate and exquisitely photographed thrills that ends up largely compensating for the would-be profundity.
It's the film's pervading sense of dread and unease - enhanced by Roger Deakins' sublime cinematography and Jóhan Jóhansson's skin-prickling score - that keeps us on edge.
Once again, Villeneuve leaves the moral judgement to the spectator with an open ending that will leave you guessing. [Full review in Spanish]
Yet another unwinnable 'war'
Horror masquerading as action-thriller; a desert-Gothic descent into the nightmare-grotesquerie of Mexico's narco-war. Brutal and dismal in its Stygian twists, Sicario indicts the drug-war as a relentlessly macho, end-justifies-any-means battle.
The protagonist here is not the story, but its photography. [Full review in Spanish]
Sicario may have a lot of downtime as it slowly unravels its plot, but it more than makes up for it with plenty of thrills, a fine ensemble, and excellent work from cinematographer Roger Deakins.
SICARIO is playing in theaters opposite SPECTRE and generally is the same genre of film, but there is no doubt that SICARIO has a better and more relevant story with more believable characters.
Intense, compelling and utterly nerve-shredding, Sicario is a cinematic gut-punch of a movie that leaves you reeling.
Blunt is terrific in a physically and emotionally demanding role.
There is actually little dialogue in this film. Facial expressions and the scenery take over for words.
Sicario is as brilliantly made as Prisoners, perhaps even more so.
Sicario is ultimately so obsessed with the minutia of its subject matter that it's often as engrossing as a day at the office.
It examines the Mexican drug cartels and how corrupting they are and how ruthlessly they operate. The best scenes are the most brutal.
If that is an experience to reccommend, I ignore it. I enjoyed the film on several levels, but found it depressing and tedious in others. [Full Review in Spanish]
Blunt and Benicio battle bad guys in best in Tex-Mex drug war saga since Traffic.
A perfect domain of technique and cinematic narrative hability. [Full review in Spanish]
It's so effective in drawing the audience in that it can take your breath away. [Full Review in Spanish]
Sicario proves the walls that once separated screen violence into digestible moral chunks have been blown to smithereens, razed to the ground by a whole new reality.
A great film in all genres: action, thriller, spy films, war movies and even political. [Full review in Spanish]
A stylish film where the director uses this resource to get us in the story and also as a storytelling device. [Full review in Spanish]
Sicario is a thriller of the highest quality, mostly thanks to the excellent story, cinematography, soundtrack, and acting of the three protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
Gorgeously made, with a set piece taking place in tunnels underneath the border that conveys chaos without ever looking incoherent and a throbbing Jóhann Jóhannsson score that's the sound of very bad things on the horizon.
Manages to create a complex story without heroes and villains, just victims of the circumstances. It's that moral ambiguity that makes this film as depressing as smart. [Full review in Spanish]
An intense drama. Not your typical "narco" movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Scary because of how relevant and overwhelming it is, this is a poweful film that will stay with the audience long after seeing it. [Full review in Spanish]
Direcctor Denis Villeneuve manages another film that will keep you on the edge of your seat. [Full review in Spanish]
The latest stomach-knotter from Denis Villeneuve, a specialist in feel-bad cinema.
It's director Dennis Villeneuve's extraordinary directorial hand that makes this film an intense experience. [Full review in Spanish]
I think Blunt was a major miscast, as she always looks smarter than everyone in the room and the character is too naive. [Full review in Spanish]
Denis Villeneuve returns succesfully to explore social and political conflict in violence torned situations. [Full review in Spanish]
Denis Villenueve show the mastery of his craft on this delicate issue, showing great sensibility in a way that other directors haven't been able to in recent memory. [Full review in Spanish]
A story designed to crush your idealism and open your eyes; objectives resoundingly achieved.
A powerful, tense and exciting movie that also boasts great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
Tense drama with a standout performance by Emily Blunt as a conscience-driven FBI agent on a dangerous hunt for a Mexican druglord
This reminds me of 'No Country for Old Men,' but without the supernatural element and the convenient coincidences. It is more realistic than that, and much more frightening.
The director succeeds in communicating the constant instability and angst shown by the main character. [Full review in Spanish]
Sicario stays away from many of the clichés of movies about narcos, and even though it has some far fetched situations in the last act, it's the impressive way the movie is shot that tells you more with images than with words. [Full review in Spanish]
a powerful experience that forces us into a violent confrontation with our own ethical worldview, challenging any tidy notions of right and wrong
A rare film that adds up to much more than the sum of its parts, this works as both a dramatic character study and a tense thriller.
Sicario looks so good that it's impossible not to gush...
Basically just another violent movie about drug trafficking. It's efficient enough at what it does, but what it does is neither new nor significant.
Pleasingly grown-up entertainment that pulls no punches.
While Sicario may be guilty of exoticising the "murder capital" reputation of Juárez and its environs, it does so in a way that is horribly efficient, exploiting our anxieties and expectations with cruel precision.
Sicario may leave an unpleasant taste but it is a slick, accomplished thriller.
Villeneuve's sure-footed direction and proven ability to create an atmosphere of unrelenting and unbearable dread carry through from the opening scene till the closing frames.
Howard Hawks was the one who described a great movie as one that had 'three good scenes and no bad ones.' Every scene in Sicario, the new film by Denis Villeneuve, is better than the last.
Smart enough to challenge your views, yet not too cerebral to alienate the mainstream, Sicario is a thoroughly engrossing watch that dazzles visually and connects emotionally.
It's the thriller of the year, now go see it, before you find out anything else.
[A] visceral and savagely compelling action drama.
A visceral, in-the-moment ride-along more than a movie to chew over for any length of time.
Blunt plays the part splendidly.
It's admirable that the film's taking its subject seriously; it's just not enough.
The film is visually and aurally stunning.
Then there's Del Toro's turn as Alejandro. Simultaneously tragic and terrifying, it's the type of subtly menacing star turn that should keep him busy throughout awards season.
Sicario is heavy on action and gritty realism. This is without a doubt, one of the best movies out this year.
The thrilling opening sequence of the drugs cartel movie Sicario is a humdinger -- and a stomach churner.
Tthe film would be unimaginable without the vivid and tactile cinematography of Roger Deakins, the bruising Johann Johannsson score and the gripping performances of Emily Blunt, Josh Brolin and Benicio del Toro.
Nothing is as it seems in Sicario.
Tense, uncompromising and morally and ethically challenging, Denis Villeneuve's Sicario is a formidable piece of filmmaking that undoubtedly rates among the year's best.
The perspective is limited by design - to make us feel as if we, too, are creeping through that tunnel toward a reveal for which we may not have the stomach.
The power of Sicario cannot be underestimated: This film about drug cartel violence on the Mexico border is a cinematic gut punch and one of the most well-crafted films of 2015.
What you do see in any film shot by Roger Deakins is equally crucial and sometimes powerful beyond words.
Damn it, Academy, give Roger an Oscar
An expertly crafted, beautifully shot and superbly acted thriller that delivers high quantities of suspense and action, cemented by an intelligent, morally complex script.
There's not much emotional investment in any of the characters, and the film has little to add to any serious discussion of its subject matter - but as a pitch-black thriller, Sicario succeeds with style.
Intelligent and provocative. Despite the heavy subject matter, Sicario works just as well as a thriller as it does a social-issue drama.
The 'War on Drugs' has never felt more like an actual war in this brutal, scathing condemnation of the lawlessness of the battle... on the 'good guys' side.
Pulled from the news but punched up to fever pitch, Sicario represents the perfect mix of cerebral and visceral thrills. Star, director and screenwriter all bring their A-game.
Denis Villeneuve knows how to create tension with devastating precision and stunning visual swagger.
We've seen similar riffs on post-9/11 ethical erosion at the movies before. But few are as suggestive, or feel so plausible, or have Villenueve's assertive, confident camera.
Delivers enough sheer brutality and suspense to maintain two hours of dread-filled anxiety....
Even with all its impurities, "Sicario" remains pretty kick-ass dope.
A Molotov cocktail of a movie, flaming fuels of helplessness and paranoia and scorching viewers' nerves in the process.
I found it to be compelling and highly sophisticated in its performances and its visual design.
Tedious on a grand scale but these days what war on drugs movie isn't?
If you like your movies powerful and important, even cringe-inducing, this could be your choice. It proves that there is more to movies than escapism. This one is disturbing on a high-caliber level.
French-Canadian auteur Denis Villeneuve and a brilliant cast score with this powerful crime drama.
It's not that I think 'Sicario' is a bad movie, far from it; it's just with so much terrific work going on in front of and behind the camera, the fact the end result is merely a 'good' movie somehow feels disappointing.
An unforgettable motion picture that should be on the must-see list for anyone who appreciates films that deal in grays rather than blacks and whites.
By the end, it packs a death stare so potent it will make you want to turn a blind eye to the shadowy brutality of its real-world horrors.
Like the war on drugs itself, nothing in 'Sicario' moves in a clean, straight line, nothing is really as it appears to be, and no one can really be trusted-or can they?
Succeeds in evoking the anarchic violence of the drug wars raging on both sides of the U.S.-Mexican border.
The uneasy thrills that Sicario gives you are its proudest achievement.
The problem with "Sicario," directed by Denis Villeneuve - who helmed the acclaimed and dark drama "Prisoners" - is that it doesn't tell us anything we don't already know about the war on drugs.
As he did with Prisoners, Villeneuve proves to be a master of mood. Unfortunately, the darkly atmospheric energy of Sicario is wasted on a story with very little substance. Like a drug, it's cool and alluring at first, but it ultimately leaves you empty.
Within this dark epic of American failure lives an effective but decidedly minor vigilante flick.
Villeneuve paces the film with a master's touch - a tension-building extended scene depicting a team of trucks crossing the border may be the best of the year.
Working from a tight script by actor Taylor Sheridan, Quebec's Denis Villeneuve directs Sicario with the same ruthless lack of sentiment he brought to 2013's breakthrough Prisoners.
Sicario is at its best when its borderlines are fluid and indistinct.
Far from being just another crime story, "Sicario" is cinema at its most ambitious.
Sicario is beautifully directed, it features top-notch work by its three leads, and it is all set to a dazzling, unnerving score, but the film is all undone by a script that isn't half as clever as it thinks it is.
A Trumpian nightmare...the 'Syriana' of drug-war movies.
A spell-bounding crime thriller, you don't simply watch 'Sicario,' you experience 2015's most intense, sophisticated adrenaline rush that doesn't let up until the end credits.
Director Denis Villenueve knows how to tease out the suspense, setting a scene early and holding it until the squirming starts, then a moment longer.
What "Sicario" has that separates it from the rest of Villeneuve's work is a merciless script by Taylor Sheridan.
Taylor Sheridan, an actor making his screenwriting debut, lets the film down in scene after scene. Whenever director Denis Villeneuve ("Prisoners") builds suspense, Sheridan dissipates it with another clunker.
The movie shows how you can rationalise the ends justifying the means, but you don't know where the ends will take you.
Sicario offers a subtle critique of all-American attitudes -- especially those to do with intervention in other countries.
The cast inhabit their roles with a mix of terror and resolve.
This is not the first movie about the war being waged across the U.S.-Mexico border over the drug trade, but it's the first film in which the aura of constant menace and threat lingers and follows you home.
...an action-packed movie all right...but it's convoluted...asks the viewer to believe that the bad guys are just there to die in hordes of bullets...while the good guys always avoid the killing shots...a lot of off-putting cold-blooded killing.
Sicario grabs you in the opening frame, then refuses to let go. Director Denis Villeneuve and his sterling cast have created an unrelentingly intense crime thriller.
Villeneuve's seventh feature is his most ambitious, and best ... spookily rich in atmospheric, seemingly authentic detail, expertly crafted, full of beautiful performances ... Absolutely worth seeing, and on the big screen - but it's a little frustrating.
... a tentacled drug cartel thriller grabbing viewers by the throat and squeezing for two hours.
A sharp, uncompromising thriller and Benicio Del Toro gets his own franchise. Where is Brad Pitt's franchise?
Villeneuve's bloody drama doesn't need to make perfect plot sense or answer all your questions, as the picture it paints of the cartels is so complex that, it seems, you could never understand [them], let alone stop them.
Denis Villeneuve é eclético em seu estilo, mas consistente em sua qualidade.
Sicario is a remarkable, thrilling, intermittently brilliant film-and yet nonetheless a mild disappointment.
A taut and dramatic thriller.
A sensational thriller that grabs you by the throat. Director Denis Villeneuve stages scenes with the eye of a master and he's aided by the great cinematographer Roger Deakins and a first-rate cast.
after all the mysterious buildup, what eventually goes down isn't all that surprising or earth shattering except in its hair trigger execution, the filmmaking superior to the story it services
One of the best films of 2015, "Sicario" does more than just lift the dirty, clandestine rug on the Mexican drug war. It poses harrowing moral questions many of us are too nervous to be asked let alone prepared to actually answer.
...the law may be casting something of a shadow, but it's the harsh landscape - wild lawlessness - that dominates the frame.
... generates sympathy on a personal level yet conveys a bleak authenticity that doesn't offer easy solutions to its broader issues.
"Sicario" can be relentlessly cynical, but it's also mesmerizing, and exhilarating.
Denis Villeneuve has directed a super-bloody killer of a film. But without cinematographer Roger Deakins, "Sicario" would not be nearly as dramatic.
Of all the movies about drug trafficking, and the authorities who battle the problem, I would rate "Sicario" somewhere in the middle. It is extremely violent, of course, but only intermittently suspenseful.
A thriller with a heart and a conscience.
Sicario is a muffled gunshot of a crime thriller that never allows itself to remove the muzzle that keeps its viciousness at bay.
Throughout, Villeneuve excels at approaching the carnage to come from a great, safe distance, and the message seems clear: here is a problem of vast scope and scale, being engaged by huge and complicated forces, and here are its intimate, bloody effects.
Villeneuve's film, told with an almost procedural simplicity, maintains a biting edge of uneasiness. Victims become victimizers, and vice-versa, with a terrifying fluidity
A dramatic thriller that's not for the faint of heart but so far is one of the best films of 2015. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
...a hard-nosed procedural for the post-post 9/11 era.
We can thank Villeneuve and rookie screenwriter Taylor Sheridan's tight script, but also Blunt, Brolin and Del Toro, each of whom has never been better.
Emily Blunt again steps up to bump up her credentials as today's go-to action girl [in a] gutsy, rough-edged action drama.
Sicario is a big brooding beast of a movie. Like some sort of dark thing that lurks in a corner glaring at you but not moving to attack you. Yet.
Epitomizes what happens when every last creative and technical element is operating together at the highest level possible. "Sicario" is mesmerizing, a subjectively grim but necessary stunner saturated in apprehension.
Villeneuve has crafted a compelling, unflinching look at the deadly and complicated war on drugs, one that will challenge the attitudes of even the most straight-edged and law-abiding viewers.
Sheridan suggests that the object of this game is not to stop the drug trade but to perpetuate the game itself.
Director Denis Villeneuve, aided and abetted by cinematographer Roger Deakins, fills Sicario with dread and a violence that happens to be stunning to look at.
Sicario is a spectacular thriller, but it is first a good movie, and a thriller second. In this respect, it's got less in common with its alleged sister-films Traffic and End of Watch, and more with The Silence of the Lambs or No Country For Old Men.
An enthralling treatment of the war on the drug trade...a brilliant, unsettling piece of filmmaking.
Sicario paints the bleakest of portraits of a realistic situation, drawn from headlines about Mexican cartels that stack bodies with savage efficiency.
Bewilderment, resolve, disenchantment and blind fury are just some of the states [Blunt] goes through as the bigger picture comes into focus, providing Villeneuve's otherwise blisteringly macho film with an emotional anchor.
Villeneuve's movies occupy a spectrum between thought-provoking and mind-bending, and it's clear that he wants to guide Taylor Sheridan's script into similar territory.
The first hour of this latest film from French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve is sleek, terrific pulp.
French-Canadian director Villeneuve rubbed our noses in Pennsylvania vigilantism-gone-wrong in Prisoners ; now he grids our faces further into the smothering sands of American sanctimony.
It's riveting.
Combining relentless action with the story of a woman confronting a corrupted system, it hits with the staggering energy of a visceral kick in the guts - causing a sensory recoil in every scene.
This is suspenseful stuff, but hanging over the action is the pungent smell of social failure, as the drug war turns both sides into monsters.
Harshly violent, Sicario is about violence itself, and how both the cartel and American forces wield it for their purposes.
Blunt gives such a finely calibrated performance that the emotional clichés can be forgiven.
It has a screenplay of freshness and audacity that's brought to life by a director who understands its every psychological undercurrent. We might hope this kind of thing would happen all the time, but it's rare.
Villeneuve's film, written by Taylor Sheridan, pays off its suspense with fierce violence, and seems therefore sensational; it can't quite transcend being an array of set pieces, haunting though they are.
Wading into the murk is what Villeneuve does better than any director working today.
Rather than bring the story to a boil, Villeneuve prefers to glide along it, even a slow zoom past a rock formation seeming to find muscles and a screaming face within.
There are no rules, and no reason, in this world of death and revenge, and we see it through Kate's eyes: fascinated, repelled, ultimately haunted.
[Villeneuve] hasn't forgotten that he's making a thriller, and he's made one that's both nerve-shatteringly suspenseful and, thanks to noted cinematographer Roger Deakins, gorgeous to watch.
Villeneuve handles action scenes with impressive flair, but also understands that the key to effective action is to build up to it slowly and inexorably.
Director Denis Villeneuve delivers screenwriter Taylor Sheridan's story layer by layer, never overwhelming the audience while still challenging it to pay attention.
A beautifully murky, hard-edged thriller. Quite simply, one of the best films of the year.
It's so beautifully shot -- by the incomparable Roger Deakins -- and subtly directed by Villeneuve that it feels fresh even when occasionally going through familiar beats.
Heart of Darkness, eat your, well, heart out. Sicario is an enthralling journey into the ethically-murky waters of the drug war, featuring another - yes, another - sterling performance by Emily Blunt.
The filmmakers have made a combustion of a movie, pushing the sub genre of Mexican drug wars to thrilling new limits
The pitch of Sicario's intensity is like a scream, underlined by the film's ominous score as it deliberates its moral quandary
This is one of the best movies of the year.
Beautifully captured, worth the heart palpitations, but inherently empty. And it's not an emptiness that thrives of nihilism to drive home a point, it's just serviceable desolation.
Sicario is a film that will unnerve you and then stick with you after the credits roll, a crime thriller of immensely dark proportions akin to a nightmare but one whose monsters are very, very real.
Denis Villeneuve's film turns out to be a stupendously unnerving descent into moral chaos, our presumed action hero Alice in Cartel-land.
French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve builds a taut, thrilling mood piece, where Roger Deakins' vivid cinematography holds your eyes hostage and Jóhann Jóhannsson's score pounds like a jackhammer on your pulse.
Sicario is a solid piece of crime genre fiction elevated into a haunting and powerful cinematic experience by impeccable filmmakers and a talented cast.
Villeneuve and screenwriter Taylor Sheridan aren't selling more than a tautological action movie with the dread and body count of a horror film.
Denis Villeneuve can do Blade Runner. Denis Villeneuve can do anything. At least, that's the feeling one has walking out of Sicario, arguably the savviest, smartest, and most exhilarating crime thriller to hit American cinemas in years.
Presents the never-ending War on Drugs in all of its pig-headed futility.
After a while these sounds and images start to feel like expressions of technique, and they become at once numbing and sensational, and instead of a movie about violence we're watching another violent movie, after all.
Directed by Denis Villeneuve from a script by Taylor Sheridan, the film manages to somehow be sleek and sprawling, focused and cagey at the same time, often in the same scene.
Villeneuve, cinematographer Roger Deakins and composer Jóhann Jóhannsson combine to make the action scenes gorgeous, scary and exciting, while the script by Taylor Sheridan is mordant and smart, with not a wasted word.
Sicario's protagonist problems wind up being significant, retroactively casting a negative shade on the movie -- which is a shame, because it takes what could be great and instead makes it good.
This very accomplished, expertly written and acted drama drives home its point in subtle, yet forceful fashion.
This dramatic thriller finds a spot somewhere between your brain and your stomach, and drills in.
Mixes arthouse and grindhouse into a most satisfying cocktail.
A gripping and tension-packed spin through America's covert War on Drugs. Prepare to be haunted for a good long time.
Denis Villeneuve's Sicario is a slick, simplistic view of the War on Drugs propelled by great perfs from Blunt, Del Toro and Brolin and balletic violent set pieces. I wanted "Traffic," I got movie crack.
One can easily ignore the film's ambitious subtext and enjoy it strictly on the basis of its terrific performances and nonstop intensity.
If the film is a little too macho and far too Anglo to tell the full, ugly story of all the villains and victims, it is, like all of Villeneuve's films, a bravura piece of filmmaking.
Sicario opens on a power chord of fear, nausea, and dread that resonates throughout the whole movie.
Denis Villeneuve delivers an appropriately loud, jumpy, energy-driven take on this country's seemingly hopeless struggle to end Mexico's drug war.
Sicario is a bracing and powerful indictment of an inherently immoral policy that has turned otherwise good people into villains while making genuine villains into outright monsters.
Grippingly intense and bristling with fine acting, 'Sicario' is a thought-provoking thriller from Denis Villeneuve.
Villeneuve's proven he's got a strong punch. The trouble is, he barely aims.
[VIDEO ESSAY] A disappointment from start to finish, Denis Villeneuve's attempting-to-be-edifying international drug thriller fails miserably by the social realist parameters it portends to fulfill with macho quasi-military bombast.
The movie is stunningly effective, with special credit due to the peerless cinematographer Roger Deakins, who turns the deserts of Arizona and Mexico into eerie alien landscapes, and composer Jóhann Jóhannsson.
With a taut and timely screenplay by Taylor Sheridan, Sicario is a brilliant action thriller with the smarts of a message movie.
The movie's knowhow is impressive and its politics are spot on.
This is a meticulously slick, brawny, and set-piece-packed film that provides Blunt with a ripe stage to wow us with her physical and visceral strength once again.
I give director Denis Villeneuve and writer Taylor Sheridan, and Lionsgate, credit for showing this story with a real edge.
It's a film that lacks the urgency of the really great thrillers, but exists in that rarefied air of refined production values on every level and a flawless ensemble.
Denis Villeneuve is, unquestionably, one of the most exciting directors working today.
It's a raw, muscular movie with terrific work from Blunt and Del Toro, quietly debating urgent moral questions between stunning set pieces.
The violence of the inter-American drug trade has served as the backdrop for any number of films for more than three decades, but few have been as powerful and superbly made as Sicario.
The narrative, like the morality, is murky and muddled, though knowing why one character is embarking on one mission won't make anything clearer
It's so good at building and maintaining tension that you don't mind that it gets a little dopey every time the tension is broken.
From the opening moments, in one of the most disturbing set-pieces I can remember, Sicario starts with taut intensity and never lets up until its tragic and perceptive denouement.
If "Sicario" does not collapse under its own grimness, that is because of the pulse: the care with which Villeneuve keeps the story beating, like a drum, as he steadies himself for the next set piece.
Remember the scene in Boogie Nights where Alfred Molina is randomly tossing firecrackers? Sicario is like that scene for two straight hours. It is intense.
Denis Villeneuve's film views life in the age of the modern-day drug war as an ever-crescendoing existential nightmare.
The acting, craft, and tone of Sicario are so precise that the absurdity of this cartel yarn is both its greatest weakness, and maybe its entire point.
A well-deserved showcase for Emily Blunt.
Denis Villeneuve is a master of grim determination. This is a compliment, because although it is one thing to be gritty, it is another thing to be all willy-nilly about it.
Stylish, smart and exciting, this is what can happen when artists make entertainment: you get art that entertains.
A compelling action-thriller that never loses sight of making its characters feel like real people.
Benicio Del Toro is downright magnificent. He delivers his best performance since 21 Grams. A dedicated sensation that calls back to all types of performances such as Javier Bardem in "No Country for Old Men" or Gene Hackman in "The French Connection."
A masterpiece. Director Denis Villeneuve's best movie to date. Benicio del Toro and Emily Blunt are terrific.
No drugs bust, then, but nothing to get hooked on.
With its shifting points of view, Sicario doesn't preach. But it will make you think.
America's covert war against the Mexican drug cartels gets a bracing, brutal working over by the director Denis Villeneuve.
You know the way it goes ... the only woman on the team? Kept in the dark?
Denis Villeneuve takes on the Mexican drug trade in this stern, robust, abandon-hope-all-ye-who-enter thriller.
It is probably appropriate (indeed, deliberate) that Denis Villeneuve's gripping thriller concerning the war on drugs should end in murky confusions.
The one saving grace of Sicario is the considerable talent of cinematographer Roger Deakins, who continually finds new, striking images to couch all the action in.
Villeneuve (Enemy, Prisoners) sticks close to thriller formula but also takes the path less travelled along the way.
A booming, blooming brilliant film that maintains the tension from the outset.
[Denis Villeneuve] has now proven himself to be one of the strongest directors in the field right now.
"Sicario" features neither the twistiness of "Prisoners" nor the weirdness of "Enemy," and so is just a very solid procedural that eschews bigger drama in favor of a continual slow build... to nowhere in particular.
A film that at times feels like an adventure, while at others it affects one like a stab in the stomach, Sicario's dagger plunges deeply. Bravo, Monsieur Villeneuve, bravo.
A slow building thriller that has a lot to say about the current U.S. led drug war
As an action thriller, it delivers.
Confronting the war on drugs in a way which is cinematic, but far from superficial, Sicario - cartel slang for 'hitman' - is very dark, but it's also exciting.
'Prisoners' director Denis Villeneuve returns with a blisteringly suspenseful, ever surprising cartel thriller.

@highlight

Led by outstanding work from Emily Blunt and Benicio del Toro, Sicario is a taut, tightly wound thriller with much more on its mind than attention-getting set pieces.