Jobs presents a fascinating story of how Jobs overcomes corporate backbiting and channels his own tendency toward obsession to build arguably the most innovative company of the last decade.
One might expect Jobs, a biopic of Steve Jobs, to canonize the Apple computer magnate who was only 56 when he died in 2011. But it's a lot more fun than that.
Those more familiar with this remarkable figure will find the film lacks the depth and complexity of the real Jobs.
Too often the audience is taken out of the scene with thoughts of" Hey, isn't that Ashton Kutcher?" simply because the portrayal comes off too contrived.
While entertaining, the film doesn't achieve the ultimate goal of Steve Jobs' work: to make the things that matter beautiful and to find beauty in the small moments.
The opening scene of Jobs, the feeble biopic of the iconic Apple founder, is the one that keeps recurring throughout the film, with varying degrees of hagiographical worship, which is never less than lofty.
It's just insightful enough, albeit briefly, to be worth your time.
The critics screwed up on this. It is a much better film than its rating here. Take that from someone who worked in IT for 44 years and who knows the difference between "fresh" and "rotten".
The movie is littered with small details of lore that should make Apple fanatics happy.
A noble but unworthy effort that will likely disappoint viewers looking for a thoughtful look into the technological genius.
Matt Whiteley's clumsy script attempts to sync Jobs' personal story with the corporate history of his brand but as any affirmed Android/PC users will gladly tell you, syncing with Apple can be problematic at the best of times.
This movie would be exponentially better if it were called Twenty-Something Jobs or Jobs, Woz And The First 2 Apples.
Ashton Kutcher does a very fine job as Jobs, portraying him less as a technological wizard and more as a business visionary who realised his out-of-the-box ideas by surrounding himself with people who were admittedly more talented than he was.
Ashton Kutcher IS Steve Jobs. You have to give Kutcher credit: He studied his character. That he successfully completed his homework is evidenced in 'Jobs,' a biopic of Apple Inc.'s late genius.
While it may be of interest to some, it's not going to provide any new perspective for those already familiar with Jobs' life.
One can see Kutcher acting, valiantly trying oh-so-hard as his every answer to any requirement for emotional intensity unilaterally comes off as merely shrilly raising the volume of his voice.
It admittedly feels like something of a missed opportunity, with director, Joshua Michael Stern, often more concerned with checking off bullet points than digging into the complexities of its leading man.
It reminds me of a similar film, 'The Social Network,' which is the better movie, but these two films tell essentially the same story.
Kutcher bears a striking resemblance to Jobs and manages to embody him in full. It is an often emotional performance that could have very easily been turned into a characterization.
Never really digs deep enough into the brilliant and often enigmatic title character. Begs for a documentary treatment.
This is really a sort of 'Apple begins' movie, with Jobs framed as the unlikely founder of the world's richest company - eventually
Kutcher is surprisingly good - a little mannered at times - but delivers the essence of the man, or at least the extensively researched character that scriptwriter Matt Whiteley presents
You could call this a crowd-pleasing Hollywood ending. You could also call it genocide.
jOBS demonstrates the difference between a great impression and an inspired performance.
Many of the creative details are embellished or reduced to montages in favor of a series of inspirational speeches.
Forget by the numbers, this biopic is practically binary in its formulaic creation.
Jobs feels more like a movie about Apple than the man who founded it.
Good performance by Kutcher as Steve Jobs but the movie glosses over his life.
The picture's most significant problem is simply that it's pointlessly truncated. It's the truth, just not the whole truth. Stern and Whiteley's is a story about big business when it should've been a story about big ideas.
It's not at all flattering, yet it still adheres to the most tired elements of similar projects that have come before it. jOBS is the Apple III of biopics.
not a perfect film, but it is a good and worthwhile one, distilling the essence of its eponymous subject and his times
The suits never understood him, but I don't think ham-fisted director Joshua Michael Stern knows all that much about his subject either...
Essentially a pretty standard "captains of industry" drama.
Jobs' remarkable life and persistently prickly personality are simply too complicated and his roller-coaster ride to the top of the personal-computing business is simply too crammed with improbable side trips and switchbacks to distill into 128 minutes.
There is just about enough to entertain, but Stern's paint-by-numbers approach does little to celebrate Jobs' most famous injunction to "Think Different".
For a film so slavish to glorifying the history of Apple, it doesn't do the memory of Jobs many favors.
A serviceable little amuse-bouche [which] trades readily on the tremendous native interest that attaches itself to and drives this story, given the significant role Apple products play in so many modern lives.
Seeing these seminal moments recreated onscreen is certainly entertaining, but the filmmakers at times rely a little to heavily on an all too reverent approach to Jobs the man.
Kutcher isn't bad, but this bio-pic doesn't dig deep
Jobs creates a powerful narrative in Steve Jobs' life and conveys the profound value of innovation, including the cost of such a drive.
...it's ultimately difficult to understate the movie's colossal failure as both a biopic and a piece of entertainment.
Highlighted by Kutcher's compelling performance, this captures Jobs' mercurial, irritating personality, marching to his own beat.
A passionate attempt, Jobs ultimately lacks the polish and 'greatness' that Steve Jobs routinely aimed to deliver in his own products.
Superficial and unsatisfying...
The filmmakers make an honest effort to show the life of Steve Jobs. A script by a more matured scribe could have helped "Jobs" reach its potential.
Jobs may have never settled for mediocrity, but the makers of this movie did.
It's an entirely wooden and bland representation of the tech icon, but for Apple devotees, it'll still have an appeal as an informative biopic.
Along the way, we learn Steve Jobs was a jerk (A really big jerk! A really big jerky jerk-faced jerk!).
It's a film whose plea to the audience resembles Jobs' appeal to the crowd in that iPod-unveiling scene: "Believe this is important and exciting," it asks, "because I say so."
Jobs blows.
the anti-Social Network
The irony is that a man who treasured innovation and sleek, stylish design should be the subject of a film that's so bland and bloated.
Other than people who are mildly curious about the guy who put the smartphone in their pocket and the tablet computer in their knapsack, I'm not sure who "Jobs" was made for.
A junior high term paper about Steve Jobs, using Apple's marketing materials as the main source, answering the unasked question, BUT WHAT ABOUT THE MYTHOS?!
Biopic is more about Apple than Jobs' life; some drug use.
The founder of Apple Computers and the revolutionary inventor of everything i deserves better than this.
Terrific dramatization of Apple founder Steve Jobs' rise from inspired, art-inclined hippie to corporate mogul and King of Cool delivers "Mac"-nificently and should gratify everyone from die-hard geeks to gawkers curious about entrepreneurial success.
Stern and company have managed the task of taking an actually interesting narrative and draining it like a vampire, with nothing to show for their results but a wasted two hours. That's some sort of feat, but it's not a good one.
Jobs is the equivalent of a feature-length slow clap.
A missed opportunity.
"Jobs" seems like a simple film focusing on an incredible genius, but nothing more. Could you be your average made for TV movie.
Something of a Cliff's Notes offering that touches on various highlights & notable moments, but never delves much below the surface of the man, what made him tick, & the ever-changing times in which he operated. (Full Parental Review also available)
If Jobs is a bit of a disappointment as a dramatization of recent technological history, it remains worth seeing as a demonstration of Kutcher's skills as an actor.
Does a fantastic job of giving us a portrait of who Steve Jobs was, but it fails to do it with a critical eye. Kutcher gives us one of the best performances of 2013.
Like the man it's about, "Jobs" is thin and unassuming, but keeps surprising you with ideas and innovation.
When a movie presents its subject as a messiah of intuitive design who insisted that corners never be cut and compromises never struck, it should at least attempt to emulate such exacting standards.
If Jobs had been a producer on Jobs, he would have sent it back to the lab for a redesign.
The performance at the center just isn't up to the job.
He was a charismatic leader, and the greatest salesman the industry ever saw.
Jobs, which toys with the idea illuminating a man, ultimately shows that it's really only interested in solidifying him as a figurehead.
Hollywood might someday design a sleek, prestige biopic worthy of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. For now, he's gotten a Dell.
It contains some of the most inspiring, moving, goosebump-inducing moments, scenes and speeches that I've seen thus far this year, but also some truly cringeworthy ones. It's as though two different creative teams made the film, and only one was good.
The film works best early on...watching how the young, ambitious college drop-out uses his wits and his wiles to develop an exciting idea and bring it to life.
Obsessed with boardroom politics when it should be centered on the thrill of innovation.
As many entrepreneurs have discovered over the years, acting like Steve Jobs does not make one Steve Jobs.
Jobs ends up being a fairly honest, only mildly bombastic look at the life of a man who was very, very complicated - which is code for 'a complete a-hole.'
t is reporting rather than illuminating. But it is watchable and modestly entertaining.
There's a void inside the man that Kutcher never manages to fill.
After a while, you don't care.
The movie itself, ultimately worshipful, ends up being Jobs-like in the cold way it treats flesh-and-blood people.
At its best, it's a good picture, and at its worst, it's almost good.
Not that the real man's career wasn't marked by conflict, but does Jobs have to be such a drag?
It seems like an extended Apple ad, with a few gossipy asides, but less entertaining.
Jobs is a dull movie about a snarky s.o.b.
A blandly superficial treatment of a deeply complex man.
It blurs all of the projects and people together into an unrevealing mush that's about as illuminating as it would be to read Apple annual reports.
It's a daring performance that instantly undermines Kutcher's pretty-boy features and makes them seem ugly and brutally uncompromising.
"Jobs" gets tripped up by the same old biopic problems: it's too much of a greatest-hits overview, not enough of an incisive dive into its subject.
[A] merely serviceable film ...
It's an American success story of epic proportions, but Joshua Michael Stern's biopic of the Apple co-founder is hardly epic.
"Jobs" turns out to be the IBM PCjr of biographical dramas, hampered by creaky formatting and thinking entirely inside the box.
[Kutcher's] performance, like the movie, is all surface.
"Jobs" would have been more appropriately titled "Apple," the man's fifteen year exile from his company given about a minute of screen time.
Jobs is nothing but a collection of moments, with no particular aim, no attempt to really explain the man, even reductively.
Didn't this man have a family? Battle cancer? Innovate more than just home computers?
Two movies seem to be wrestling for control [here]. One is a poor man's Social Network that depicts Jobs as a brilliant, antisocial jerk; the other is an embarrassing piece of hagiography that treats Jobs like a messiah.
It's an entertaining film that could have been as riveting as The Social Network but ends up being fun-on-cable during a lazy weekend afternoon.
A pedestrian work that exhibits none of the imagination and daring its subject was famous for.
"Jobs" works much better as a history of Apple than it does as a portrait of the genius who dreamed it up.
Jobs is a one-man show that needed to go for broke and doesn't. My guess is that Jobs would give it a swat.
A film that can be described using a term that Jobs spits out with palpable distaste as "the worst thing you can say" about anything undertaken by Apple: "It's fine."
Faced with almost three decades of complicated history, Jobs does a fair job of telling the story of Apple and conveying something of what made its co-founder unique.
Ashton Kutcher sounds, looks and even walks exactly like his man.
The qualities Steve Jobs famously displayed - ingenuity, purpose, vision - are curiously omitted from the computer pioneer's biopic. Jobs the movie isn't as fascinating as Jobs the man, much less his myth of entrepreneurial superiority left behind.
I was surprised and frequently compelled by what a starkly honest portrait it is.
Instead of truly dissecting Steve and welcoming complexity of character, Jobs caters to the myth, playing this amazing life with all the honesty of a Lifetime Original and the intensity of a slow-pitch softball game.
Jobs betrays its subject's sensibility: It's bloated, overwrought, and nakedly sentimental, a sappy and cliched celebration instead of a searching and incisive exploration.
The history of a company isn't as compelling as the history of a person, especially one as complex, innovative and influential as Steve Jobs.
Kutcher is everything except interesting.
We walk away knowing nothing about what made this revolutionary tick. He deserves a 360-degree portrait. What you get is a mini recap of a pioneer's life-a biOpic shuffle.
The deeper problem with the film is that it doesn't really add anything to the established narrative on its subject.
"Jobs" feels curiously out of touch with its subject, both as a man and regarding his impact.
Entertaining at times, but provides little new insight and has just about nothing to say about its subject.
Jobs is a wildly imperfect movie, but it presents, defends, and decently executes a clear and insightful interpretation of its subject, and for that, I respect the film. I even daresay I enjoyed it.
Gets points for ambition, but ultimately feels like a made-for-TV movie mistakenly playing at the multiplex.
You either already know all this about Jobs - because you were a true believer in him as The One True Tech God - or you don't because you don't care.
Delivers a powerful lesson via an OK movie: That people can change the world if they don't let others stand in their way.
At an overlong 127 minutes, Jobs paradoxically feels like it's rushing through Jobs' life and times, never capturing the man's contradictory nature or satisfyingly placing him in a specific historical context.
Terrific. Ashton Kutcher gives the performance of his career. A fascinating,surprising and intriguing warts-and-all look at one of the greatest innovators of our time. Get on line now.
There is no depth to the piece and, while it might be asking too much of any film to show the "real" Jobs, it barely hints at the complexity of his ambitions and emotions.
Not all you'd hope it might be, but better than all the Ashton bashers would have you believe
Steered by a lead actor and director, Joshua Michael Stern, who are both way out of their respective leagues, Jobs is excrutiating, failing to entertain and all but pissing on its subject's grave.
Avoids outright hagiography, but more or less embodies the sort of bland, go-with-the-flow creative thinking Jobs himself would have scorned.
Feels like a TV movie, but on that level it's not bad. The story is engaging, although Kutcher isn't quite able to pull it off.
One of the reasons I hated this Joshua Michael Stern's need to find it necessary to spoon feed his audience to the point of being completely patronizing.
This is far from the bomb some would have envisaged, but neither is it the character illumination one would wish for.
The poverty of [Kutcher's] skills as a serious actor is on full display.
Bio-pics always tailor memories. Yet the welcome surprise here is Kutcher, as the barefoot rebel who brought the spirit of psychedelia to technology.
A biopic that's perhaps too respectful of the tech icon's innovations still remains frequently engaging.

@highlight

An ambitious but skin-deep portrait of an influential, complex figure, Jobs often has the feel of an over-sentimentalized made-for-TV biopic.