Funny and sweet update of the Cinderella story.
The movie will wash over adolescent female audiences who don't know any better like melted Brie on 110-degree asphalt, but for the rest of us it's a grueling waste of time.
Duff has yet another brainless movie to add to her repertoire.
Charles Perrault must be spinning in his grave.
I took a friend's 10-year-old daughter to see the film, and she found it 'too childish.' And who am I to argue with a member of this film's target audience?
'A Cinderella Story' makes so many good chocies, you wish you could like it more than you do.
Rather than anything original or humorous or, heaven forbid, romantic developing from this fable, we get only tired clichés and worn-out stereotypes.
A benign, whimsical semblance of its namesake fairy tale.
A couple of cruel stepsisters are thrown in to push the Cinderella angle, but their asinine antics merely highlight first-time screenwriter Leigh Dunlap's stunning lack of talent and imagination.
This is simple, lazy storytelling rendered merely functional by appealing leads and the eternal lure of romantic fantasy.
Every high school cliché in the book is dredged up for this piece of fluff
It's all way too bland.
I look at "Cinderella Story" as I would look at early Elvis films - this is a teen movie made for the sheer enjoyment of her fans.
The result is pure pumpkin, though fans of squeaky-clean, helium-voiced Hilary Duff might fall under its sickly sweet spell.
This year's one-zillionth mean-girl movie, and that's not the only thing here that's played out.
The only thing missing is the pumpkin that turns into a coach. That's OK, because Duff turns into a turkey way before midnight.
Besides adolescent girls who either want to be Hilary Duff or want to slobber over Chad Michael Murray, the story offers nothing new to an already beaten-to-death teen genre.
A Cinderella Story definitely is for the younger film crowd. It's unabashedly simplistic and formulaic, made to highlight the charms of (Hilary) Duff.
[It] treads the confused ground of instilling anti-image and antiauthoritarian values while its heroine's bliss is wrapped in an idea that status and wealth equal happiness.
At worst, it's an insult even to the intelligence of 12-year olds.
I honestly did not realize a movie could squeeze this many Hollywood clichés into 86 minutes.
Lackluster comedy ... could have been titled You've Got Instant Messages.
Enough sugar to induce a diabetic coma.
There are no original twists, no fun takes on the archetypal characters, no interesting visual style to make the movie pop.
A Cinderella Story doesn't break any new ground, but it's a well-acted little breeze of a film -- perfect if you're a 12-year-old girl.
With a few hilarious exceptions, the jokes are bland and unfunny, and the fairy tale reinventions aren't creative or witty enough.
Airy and blithely romantic at first, but very quickly descends into unintentional absurdity and stays there.... It's pre-fab 'fun' at its most mirthless.
Make it stop. Please, make it stop.
Chad Michael Murray could be the next Johnny Depp, or he could be the next Luke Perry - only time will tell.
Let me get quickly to the word that best describes this movie. It is horrible.
You can say of this movie, truly, that they took the most famous tale in the world and broke it.
Desperately conceived by even the most insipid standards of contemporary teen-queen cinema.
Viewers outside [Duff's] demographic will find only the occasional shining moment in this generic picture.
Give this wannabe Cinderella a big Bibbitti Bobbitti Boo.
Duff is cute and chirpy; Murray is cute and bland, and the stepsisters squabble a lot. Ho-hum.
It's not a terrible movie, just a disappointingly pleasant one.
The mind is more fragile than, say, teeth, and cotton candy like this will quickly cause irreparable cavities in the brain.
This witless little comedy takes the classic fairy tale and turns it into a Hilary Duff vehicle about popularity, e-mail and cell phones at a San Fernando Valley high school.
Poorly written, poorly acted exercise in banality and studio greed.
Its take is about as original as its title, full of recycled ideas and half-hearted performances.
An instantly forgettable wisp of marshmallow that revisits the same teen-crush cliches that have surely been in play since the days of the classic fairy tale it ransacks for inspiration.
The Prince is a wet rag, the slapstick stepsisters are dull and even the fretful Sam seems colorless.
The premise -- scripted by Leigh Dunlap with a reported uncredited polish by Callie Khouri -- is largely preposterous, but Rosman embraces rather than evades those obstacles.
While A Cinderella Story is cute and reasonably intelligent, it falls prey to the same curse that afflicts most movies in this genre -- a stunning lack of originality.
With the chance to be fresh with a traditional fairytale, director Mark Rosman and his filmmaking team still indulged in the same old, tired teen-movie tricks.
It's all very silly, unconvincing melodrama.
Duff plays off her Lizzie Maguire persona as a cute but unassuming girl, but also conveys soulfulness and earnest longing.
Content to be another candy-coloured fantasy. It'd be easier to enjoy it as such if most of the young characters here weren't mean-spirited caricatures who chiefly serve to illustrate Sam's virtues.
The weak plot may entertain little kids still glued to Lizzie McGuire reruns, but this just isn't really funny or interesting (even in an updated and kitschy way) for the rest of us.
Nothing's particularly risky or original, but neither is anything all that repulsive.
Anyone who's not already a Duff fan should stay away. And given the lack of energy and innovation at work here, even fans may find this one redundant and lackluster.
The movie starts off keenly aware of the hokum of fairy-tale schemes. Yet, like a slew of similarly themed movies (The Prince & Me and 13 Going on 30), it has a hard time giving its audience a brand-new vision.
A terrible movie, sappy and dead in the water.
Leigh Dunlap's script abounds in one-liners of mild pedigree at best, and under the direction of Mark Rosman a timeless tale has been transformed into an enervated sitcom.
Mean Girls it's not; a plastic butter knife has more edge. But sometimes it's nice to know your kids won't cut their fingers.
Only several charismatic actors and fleeting moments of genuine romance survive this modern thrashing of the age-old fairy tale.
...the picture isn't the prince of a vehicle Duff's been looking for.
just about the same exact movie as all those other trifles aimed at the tween girl demographic that have been unleashed upon the unsuspecting moviegoing masses this year
This reviewer's young daughter and her friend - both anticipating third grade - decided they enjoyed the film because the mushy stuff was kept to a minimum.
Once upon a time there was a lovely fairy tale, then an evil curse was cast upon it and it was turned into this movie.
A sloppy, idiotic mess that demonstrates nothing but contempt for anyone deluded enough to actually watch it.
In this awkward, updated fairy tale, the shallow, bland script drowns in so many cliches that it becomes tedious, except for the most devoted "Lizzie McGuire" fans.
What we have here is a failure to communicate anything the least bit interesting unless you're under 10 and this is your first cinematic rodeo
Alas, the attempts by writer Leigh Dunlap and director Mark Rosman to modernize this fable fall flatter than Cinderella's arches after a night of dancing on glass slippers.
The whole thing feels like detached adults' cartoonish idea of what high school life is like.
The efforts to find Cinderella and struggles with Fiona take longer than they should, but there is an old-fashioned happily ever after ending for everyone who deserves one.
You might imagine her father's death by earthquake is a terrible trial, but, this being a romantic teen comedy, the trauma is fleeting.
Feels like a pro forma TV movie from the get-go and relies almost entirely on Duff's likability to hold the audience's attention.
The movie strains to bend the fairy tale to accommodate another coarse high school comedy of air-headed teenage vixens ganging up on a meek little angel.
The sort of entertainment that makes you happy to be grown up and able to avoid the current onslaught of trite, lazy, unimaginative films aimed at tween-agers.
A step down for Duff, who owes her fans and herself something fresher than another lazy rehash of the world's most-exploited fairy tale.
In typical Lizzie spirit, it's harmless, it's sweet, it's corny, it's fun and it all comes out impossibly right.
The timeless fairy tale is updated into a cookie-cutter specimen of the teen-girl comedy.
Thanks to a charming cast and several bubbly moments, adults in the audience may find themselves genuinely entertained by the pleasantly feathery story.
A Cinderella Story misfires as a comedy and offers no fresh twists or clever turns on this ancient fairy tale.
A mostly charmless affair.
Writer Leigh Dunlap and director Mark Rosman tart up their Cinderella variation with the predictable accoutrements of teen comedies.
This teen movie is all about the packaging.
Instant sugar shock.
Under the charmless direction of Mark Rosman, the actors seem to be frozen at the rehearsal stage, with the blessed exception of a sublimely funny Jennifer Coolidge as the Botoxed horror of a stepmother.
I'm too much of a man to enjoy this movie ... Remarkably, Duff is not annoying.
Duff needed to channel TV-Lizzie for this role, but instead she gives us milquetoast.
If you let them, studio executives will take endless advantage of the fact that many kids have no discernment whatsoever, as will Hilary's producer-mother.
Mostly boring, sometimes quite clumsy, and never particularly interesting.
When not unnecessarily bland, synthetic, and indistinguishable from undistinguished teen TV, A Cinderella Story is unnecessarily coarse and dumbed down, with every character except Sam and Austin subject to perfunctory ridicule.
Stock characters played broadly in a script rife with cliché plot devices and a bad case of the blands
It's got enough humor to get a smirk about every five minutes, but also has enough cheesiness and stupidity that I'll have forgotten all about the movie in about a week.
Modern footwear simply doesn't fit this perennial fairy tale heroine, who's been reborn as a Valley Girl in a rendition that stumbles in almost every conceivable way.
A bibbidy- bobbidy- bomb... more pumpkin than gilded coach, more smelly sneaker than glass slipper.
Lacks the guiltily pleasurable panache (and punch) of other recent chickadee flicks posited as protofeminist fairy tales.
Clearly a movie that is aiming strictly for its target audience of young girls.
If some films are made to order, the market-researched A Cinderella Story has the stretch marks to prove it.
From its uninspiring title -- and certain turnoff for young males -- to its limp slapstick and uneven acting, A Cinderella Story arrives with a dull thud.
Does justice to its well-known source material while putting a pleasant spin on it. It's better than one may be lead to expect, which is perhaps the best compliment of all.










@highlight

An uninspired, generic updating of the classic fairy tale.