It's a smart film and pure Coen. It has a point, though some may contest it. But it's not a must-see film for everyone so if you are a Coen fan, don't take your grandmother. She will say it sucks.
The Coen Brothers are back with a triumphant return to form.
No Country for Old Men is a great return to form for the Coens. Even if you've never been a big fan of theirs, it's a film you should see if you like a good thriller.
The film clearly and finally represents the mainstream success that has long eluded the Coens. Longtime fans, fear not: This is no sell-out. There is still plenty of what the Coens do best.
The Coens have returned... full of talent. [Full review in Spanish]
No Country for Old Men is imbued with a dry, minimalist, almost crude style and forms a dark and violent universe that reveals the horror and moral rot rooted in American society. [Full Review in Spanish]
The lack of respect for the body, the sheer bloody aftermath depresses me. Yes, they may handle the killing with verve and ironic tension, but this is a Coen brothers film too far.
... a perfect match of story and storyteller.
The road to doom is paved with blood and bad decisions in one of the best pictures of 2007.
There's no denying the movie and this character's power to shake you. The implacable Chigurh dominates the proceedings like no other Coen villain before him.
One of the most thoughtful and startling snapshots of the human condition of the last ten years.
Played by Spanish actor Javier Bardem, Chigurh is the most original bogeyman to bloody up the screen in a while.
The last word on the modern-day western used to be Peckinpah's. No Country for Old Men is Peckinpah gone post-Peckinpah.
Beautifully photographed (by Roger Deakins) in leathery Texas tans, No Country For Old Men is filled with twists and surprises, hypnotically engaging from its very first scene.
From brutal start to ironic finish the movie's tension is constant.
I can't help feeling the film is ultimately hollow.
An exasperating and self-defeating experience, rather like listening to a nymphomaniac extol the virtues of celibacy.
As much as the film is about Bardem's even-keeled determination... it's also about Tommy Lee Jones' brilliantly characterized Texas sheriff, who, faced with a trail of blood like he's never seen, wonders if he's still a match for a changing world.
No Country for Old Men is an action film both measured and grave, opening as a Jim Thompson-esque crime saga set on the Texan sands, but as it moves along the film acquires an allegorical depth.
This magnificent film represents the best work the Coen Brothers have done since Fargo. Like that classic this is a cold-blooded thriller with a darkly humorous edge.
No Country for Old Men is a thoroughly compelling exercise in the cinema of suspense that proves the power of the old-school thriller remains undiminished.
It's not a film that asks to be either liked or disliked. It just is, branding itself on to you like a heated iron.
The Coens' unconventional editing techniques convey a sense of setting and urgency few filmmakers could accomplish (or even would brave trying).
Don't be put off with all of the mentions of violence. Yes, bloodletting is at the core of the movie, and the ending is as downbeat as the opening scenes. But, gosh, you know you have been to see a great film.
It's an instant classic, as thrilling as it is quiet and hypnotic, and all the more powerful for anchoring a story with essentially three characters, none of whom share the frame together, being, how they are, one small step behind the other.
Seventy minutes into the film, there's a rude burst of mariachi music as the hero awakes... That wouldn't be worth noting, except that we suddenly realize that for the first tense, suspense-filled hour of the film there has been no music at all.
There are constant twists and turns, eventually straining credulity, but there's also -- and typically for The Coens -- a salutary quorum of absurdist dialogue, black humour and wryly memorable exchanges.
The suspense is killer. Hitchcock would be sick with jealousy.
No Country for Old Men is wide and dusty and terribly bleak. It's beautifully photographed and assembled, with great performances from its lead players and a number of welcome appearances by actors we haven't seen enough of lately.
Javier Bardem makes for a terrifying villain. He looks physically corrupt but seems every bit as relentless as the Terminator. He's also believably, psychotically human.
The Coens imbue this simple tale with their trademark quirkiness and wry humour.
I have never been so frustrated with a movie as I was with No Country for Old Men. I hope I never am again.
Death always gets the last laugh -- and what makes the Coens so remarkable is how they dare to cackle at the punch lines.
Morose vagueness will get No Country for Old Men called a classic, instead of what it is: an often effective but pompous grindhouser. Its pretensions are so big, you couldn't fit them in Texas.
I love this film.
Only the Coen brothers could make a film so impressively brutal and yet so understated as this. It helps that the set-up is so fiendishly simple. Blood simple, you might say.
So, yes, you should probably see No Country for Old Men, even if it does bow out with a baffling little coda featuring an old timer's meditation on the fact that he's estranged from his father.
Just as the movie is beginning to conform to genre expectations (like The Treasure of the Sierra Madre meets Fargo), the Coens have the guts, and indeed the smarts, to pull it in an entirely different direction.
Haunting, hard- bitten and absurdly involving.
Spanish actor Javier Bardem should leave audiences gasping with his stone-cold performance in the blood-spattered saga No Country For Old Men.
The movie rarely loses its grip and is a remarkable accomplishment.
The Coen brothers' No Country for Old Men is a rare example of a too-faithful adaptation of a novel, one that stubbornly refuses to explore and expound upon what the text readily provides.
It's been a long time since Joel and Ethan Coen took themselves this seriously. Perhaps since 1991's Barton Fink. The result is suspenseful and uncompromising.
The cinematic American West is vast enough for us to fill with our imaginations, taking a simple shadow play and transforming it into an eternal campfire tale.
Hallelujah! Men is so good it takes your breath away, even when you're not holding it during the scary parts.
No Country for Old Men is a great Texas film. It is great unequivocally, but Lone Star pride is a rare opportunity in Hollywood.
Cormac McCarthy's amazing novel was blessed with a usually impossible faithful adaption that translated the power of the words and weaved them into cinema.
Films this good come along once, maybe twice in a lifetime.
There's nothing extraordinary about No Country for Old Men -- except, of course, the spectacle of two great directors in total command of their craft.
A mostly absorbing tale of the hunter being subverted into the hunted, No Country For Old Men deserves to be lauded for its gripping, relentless thrills rather than its flawed denouement.
This film truly belongs to Javier Bardem.
No Country is a pitch-perfect thriller that delivers the pleasurable fear and suspense expected of the genre even as it sends its conventions to the shredder.
McCarthy's bloody and beautiful novel comes to life under the Coen's able touch.
The decade's most overrated movie
Once you open Pandora's Box, there's simply no stopping the beasts that pour out.
What starts off as the best Charles Bronson movie not to star Charles Bronson ends up as a literary adaptation of a novel that thinks it means something or other.
No Country for Old Men is the brothers at their most polished, austere, and humorless.
When you see No Country for Old Men, leave your preconceptions at home. But bring your Alfred Hitchcock lenses. They're useful. No Country for Old Men is a dazzling time-bomb of a movie. It is an engrossing, brutal, nerve-wracking moral tale
The plot is adapted from Cormac McCarthy's novel but seems ready-made for the Coens, putting them back on familiar stomping grounds, the hellish Texas they showed us in their debut film, Blood Simple.
For a film that traffics in implacable malice, this movie remains remarkably grounded in the everyday.
Ultimately, No Country For Old Men is a very strong film that's just a couple of bad decisions away from being a masterpiece.
This is some of Brolin's best work to date, though the film still belongs to Bardem and Jones, whose low-key mannerisms are well-suited to the Coens' sensibilities.
McCarthy's ferocious tale gives the Coens room to unleash their cinematic gifts, but keeps them from wandering too far afield and losing themselves in the marshes of technical prowess or easy irony.
Although 'No Country for Old Men' is an exciting film, wise screen violence needs more emotional depth below surface technique.
Not since Fargo have the Coen Brothers made such a perfect movie.
The Coen Brothers explore the demise of the Western with their late-80s-set drama about a simple man running from a amoral assassin.
Why, Joel and Ethan, why did you have to ruin an almost flawless film with a terrible last scene?
I was a little worried when I went to see "No Country for Old Men" because many people have been labeling it a masterpiece, but for once all the hype is warranted.
No Country for Old Men is the kind of film that will only cement the opinion you already have about its uniquely eccentric makers. Approach the ticket booth accordingly.
Retains the Coen brothers' trademark quirkiness, and it certainly goes all out. But it's also subtle in ways we haven't seen before.
The most fascinating element of the film is its formal linking of its multiple, no-nonsense protagonists. [Blu-Ray review]
Thank goodness that experiment in appeasing the commercial suit types is over and the quirky brothers are back to form with No Country for Old Men, a dark and violent exploration of nature's hunt and the relevance of time.
The problem comes when we realize it's a Tommy Lee Jones film and the title is more than just a random coincidence. It's a really good film that was almost great.
...the Coens sabotage their wonderfully understated style in No Country with the trivial substance of their narrative.
Le film représente-t-il un sommet pour ces grands cinéastes? Je serais tenté de dire oui mais le temps seul le dira.
This is the Coens' masterful return to Blood Simple territory. The biggest thing you'll notice is the quiet: Whether it's the lack of a soundtrack or a lack of dialogue, the silence often makes the tension unbearable.
What is perhaps most amazing is that a film this terrifying, violent and relentlessly nihilistic should also be this enthralling.
Chockful of suspense.
Un thriller de brillante ejecución cinematográfica, que muestra a los hermanos Coen en su mejor forma junto a un elenco excepcional. También una meditación sobre la violencia, desencantada y sombría.
The Coens stir up more panic by quietly flicking off a light switch than Michael Bay did with a fleet of Decepticons.
It's Jones who carries the film's meaning, and does so effortlessly. He -- and the Coens -- have never been better.
Embora os cineastas neguem ao espectador uma conclusão amarradinha e dramaticamente catártica, o fato é que esta é tematicamente perfeita e enriquece o filme ainda mais.
Good fortune found is always promising before bad fortune comes looking for it.
I'm a big fan of the Coens. But, I've got to say, I'm not much appreciating this picture.
Sure to wow the critics, but no movie for the masses.
Virtuoso. A film of pin-sharp principles, cross-hair precision and suffocating tension, this Coens stunner hits like a cattle gun between the eyes.
Is it a masterpiece? Not even close.
Watching this film has something of the elemental thrill of watching a cloud-shadow spread with miraculous speed over a vast, empty landscape: it has a chilly, portentous intuition of what America is.
With its sly wit, dark intelligence and tense action sequences this film re-establishes the Coens as two of American cinema's most talented directors. It's also the best adaptation of McCarthy's work to date and an unmissable crime movie.
The Coen brothers have once again placed themselves at the very forefront of American cinema.
A masterly tale of the good, the deranged and the doomed that inflects the raw violence of the west with a wry acknowledgement of the demise of codes of honour, this is frighteningly intelligent and imaginative.
Violent, poetic, gripping, thrilling and blackly funny: that'll be the Coens doing what they do best then. Now with added humanity.
Terrifically acted, superbly written and masterfully directed by the Coen Brothers, this is an incredibly suspenseful thriller that looks set for Oscar glory come February.
It is a bloody and grisly film at times, but this is one of those few times where the violence and gore are not just necessary but essential. On first viewing its simply thrilling, on subsequent viewing I get the feeling this will only grow in estimation.
Creepy time down south.
The Coens have given us a film so unlike anything they've made before, and in doing so, they've given us a work of complete, devastating brilliance.
While watching it, I kept thinking I have finally seen it - the clear best film of the year, then the film gets to a critical point and literally stops.
Wildly overpraised, but a solid return to form for the Coen Bros.
No Country is not a film for weak, unsteady hearts.
I think this just might be [the Coens'] best film so far, with some qualifications.
An utterly enormous piece of filmmaking...
a genre classic; like a menacing mélange of Peckinpah's Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia, and Cronenberg's A History of Violence
This anti-Western set in the dusty southwest is pretty good for the first two acts, but burns out well before the end.
No Country for Old Men is the most brutal cinematic experience of the year, as well as one the best. It's nothing shy of an unforgettable masterpiece.
Brolin adds another feather in the cap that is 2007. Following outstanding performances in "Grindhouse" and "American Gangster," this film gives him a hat trick of performances that should put him on any director's "A" list.
It's the unexpected nature of the characters and what happens to them that makes this return to form from the Coen Brothers both intriguing and satisfying.
a film whose long, twisted narrative roads, rather than converging on some obvious, hackneyed point of closure, instead open out to infinite horizons.
Examines a soulless America that can't live with or without violence.
How much does chance play in our clashes with evil? If that's too philosophical for you, then, pardner, you'd best turn to entertainment other than "No Country for Old Men," arguably the best yet from the Coen brothers. Adult, sophisticated, and often amb
Balloons don't blow into funny shapes, and its narrative direction isn't fairly self-explanatory. Yet to watch it is to gaze at the chilling, pitch-black flipside of "Raising Arizona," and be haunted by penetrating, unflinching stares it gives back.
The duo may have created their most accomplished and compelling movie to date.
No Country for Old Men is a modern American masterpiece, a film of unbridled power and purpose.
Another fascinating and unpredictable character-driven movie from the Coen brothers.
I treasure movies such as this - movies that put you in a location, allow you to soak up the details, and constantly take you places you don't anticipate going. No Country For Old Men is a masterpiece.
Joel and Ethan Coen have a great catalog of films behind them, but they paint their masterpiece with No Country For Old Men.
Imagine, if you will, that you are on an amazing vacation. One for the ages. Then, on the last day - you are mugged. No matter what transpired before, the trip is tainted.
An extremely tense exercise.
Not since Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds (1963) can I remember a film in which dead silence is used more exquisitely and more frequently to produce nearly unbearable tension.
It's the kind of movie that cries out for a second look, because it's easy to admire, hard to actually like and harder still to penetrate
A brutal and violent film that breaks some of the rules that we expect from crime thrillers. NO COUNTRY is gripping, but it goes for the gut instead of the head.
Javier Bardem steals the show as perhaps the most unnerving screen villain of the year, a monster who ups the ante in terms of tension by holding a cattle gun to his victims' heads while flipping a coin to determine who lives and who dies.
May be the most faithful screen adaptation of a novel since John Huston directed 'The Maltese Falcon' in 1941...
This is the blackest film noir in years, and a great American movie.
a nail-biting masterpiece of suspense, operating on a philosophical level that is as sophisticated as it is compelling
Almost the best movie of the year.
Javier Bardem's sadistic fiend has got to be the most ghoulish homicidal maniac around since Jack The Ripper.
It proves [the Coens] can hold an audience in thrall with the simplest of cinema's elements: a memorable image.
...a thoughtful, mature and earnestly meant work about the essential problem of being human-- the suspicion that this is all there is, and that all our noble ideas about honor and decency, about right and wrong, matter not at all to darkening sky and
The film is a slow burn, not building, not petering out, just becoming gradually more nerve-wracking as each plot point makes itself known. Astounding sound design by Craig Berkey.
No Country for Old Men isn't the first great movie certain to have its ending criticized even by many who enjoyed the rest of the picture.
And boy howdy, does that dialogue howl like a basset hound pup who's just been yanked from his momma.
With "No Country for Old Men," the brothers Coen return to Texas -- and to form.
The Coens load the film with realistic touches that add grit and meaning to the almost mythical plot.
Joel and Ethan Coen, working from a novel by Cormac McCarthy, have made one of the darkest and best movies of the year.
Every 11 or 12 years, a frequency comparable to sunspot cycles, Ethan and Joel Coen pop out of their dry comic mode to make a thriller that chills you to the bone.
With No Country for Old Men the Coens may have made their ultimate statement. You may not agree with their pessimism, but they so effectively tell their story that you cannot help but be swept up in their vision.
Not satisfied with just being one of the best thrillers I've ever seen, "No Country of Old Men" goes beyond that in its third act to becoming a haunting and unforgettable American classic.
Bardem, as the man with the odd, long, bowl-cut/pageboy hair and a powerful air compressor that a lesser murderer might give a cute nickname to, is the single most chilling human being to inhabit a movie about death in Texas since Leatherface.
This stark and grimly violent tale of humankind's insignificance in the presence of a force it is helpless to control or predict is a morality tale of existential proportions -- and with contemporary implications.
There's less to the Coen brothers' adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's 2005 somber thriller than meets the eye, but it's a hugely entertaining slice of sunbaked Gothic.
With its dizzying alternations of comedy and horror, the film is unmistakably a Coen brothers movie -- albeit a much better one than they've made in a while.
Holds up against the Coens' earlier genre masterpieces like Miller's Crossing and Fargo.
I would have preferred a bit more resolution, but it's hard to fault the filmmakers for sticking to their filmic style
No Country for Old Men isn't quite a masterpiece. It's simply an exercise in fine craftsmanship, whose craftsmen suit each other superbly.
Don't believe the hype. The most unsatisfying conclusion to a film since the final episode of "The Sopranos". And that which led up to it wasn't so great either.
People are calling it the best film of the year, and if it isn't, it's darn close.
Let me just say up front what a pleasure it is to watch a well-crafted film in which not a word or a gesture is wasted.
A world of bad men that's easy to get trapped in and impossible to escape from
No Country for Old Men looks into the unfathomable depths of evil and poses existential questions about human destiny. Meanwhile, it takes your breath away.
This is as good a chase thriller as you could want.
A rare instance of great American filmmakers taking on a great American book, and winning.
Joel and Ethan Coen have directed their best film since Fargo more than a decade ago.
This isn't just another notch on the Coen brothers' amazing career of exquisitely crafted crime dramas. It's an instant American classic, and the first truly must-see awards contender of the year.
There are still a lot of good movies slated for November and December, but it's hard to imagine anything topping the Coen brothers' chiller-thriller No Country for Old Men.
Murder for its own sake wears quickly on me and I found myself wanting to flee the theater, and the sooner the better.
What makes the movie a masterpiece, however, is not the Coens' supreme command of their craft in these scenes, but their willingness to embrace the resigned worldview of McCarthy's novel.
[It] just might be the Coen brothers' singular mythic masterwork.
A cold, rough look at the dissolution of just about everything. It will bother you afterward. It should.
Bardem is nothing less than the best movie villain since Anthony Hopkins slipped out of Hannibal Lecter's manacles, scary-smart and horrifyingly appealing, and Brolin is nothing short of a revelation.
This movie is that stunning.
The desert is as cold and bleak as McCarthy's view of humanity, so the laughs may not dare even leave your throat.
The storytelling is fluid, especially when directors Joel and Ethan Coen start eliding some of the murders and ask us to imagine them for ourselves.
The mood is darker and quieter than the Coens usually present, though some of the dialogue has a deadpan humor.
Working from a Cormac McCarthy novel that has the heedless, headlong force of an action movie screenplay, Joel and Ethan Coen have improved upon the original by giving it a visual lyricism to match McCarthy's verbal barrage.
Filmmakers Joel and Ethan Coen build and sustain tension so masterfully throughout this adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's novel that even trouble that's been telegraphed still shocks when it arrives.
A muscular, exact and thrillingly cool movie.
The Coen brothers' best movie, hands down, is a chase film in which all the characters scatter their essences as they run.
Shockingly effective and incomprehensibly great, No Country for Old Men proves that the Coen Brothers are America's reigning motion picture Gods.
It's as close to a perfect film as I've seen all year: ingeniously crafted, thematically consistent, and haunting in its implications.
This is intense, provocative filmmaking on every level that is sure to be one of the best American films of the year.
... strong, evocative storytelling pared to the bone and braced with a sensibility perfectly matched to the material.
[N]o Coen human low-pressure system yet has been anything like the nightmare of centered psychosis that is Javier Bardem's Anton Chigurh.
The story is vintage McCarthy in its sense of place and its poetic voice. And it is vintage Coens for some of those same traits, and its cruel, graphic violence.
This Coen Brothers adaptation of the Cormac McCarthy novel may be their darkest film yet. It's also one of their best.
It's been six years and two movies since the Coen brothers directed a feature that didn't embarrass the memory of everything else they've ever made, but, with No Country for Old Men, the writing-directing duo are back to old form.
Call it terrifying, stunningly bleak, humane, epic, intimate, darkly funny, deadly serious, or what have you: Whatever laudatory adjectives you throw its way are going to stick.
The film leaves you to figure whether such perception is real, Anton is random, or Carla Jean sees something about the "country" the men cannot.
The Coens return to form, creating their most idiosyncratic characters since Steve Buscemi's Carl Showalter faced down the wood chipper in Fargo.
Let's just say it's all amazing. No Country for Old Men is exactly the kind of challenge film buffs will love if you're sick of the by the numbers, multiplex drivel.
The hype was right. No Country for Old Men is basically flawless.
The Coens are wintry and dead calm ironists, and their movie is finally less an assault on our sensibilities than a subtle -- and possibly permanent -- insinuation into our consciousnesses.
If nothing else, No Country should win an award for Best Use of an Oxygen Tank.
If you're not looking for a "Fargo"-level masterpiece but just for a badass modern Western, it delivers plenty on that level.
Tommy Lee Jones combines forces with the Coen Brothers in the unforgiving winds of the West Texas prairie. Javier Barden's psycho-killer and the Coens' creepy direction and screenwriting pops out the grittiest film of the year.
The Coens return to their darker, earlier days and Brolin and Bardem deliver terrific performances.
After two artistic flops, it appeared that filmmakers Joel and Ethan Coen had taken a fall. Not so. They're back with their twelfth and perhaps greatest film.
The Coen Brothers make the same old story exciting again by telling the entire story in action. Nobody explains their plans, they just see what they have to do and do it. It's all clear, and it's never slow.
A great American film. A dark and sometimes bleakly comic vision of our violent culture.
No Country for Old Men may just be the year's best picture.
This Country is for anyone who loves movies.
The Coen brothers' screenplay is faithful to McCarthy without being obsequious. In filming it, they play it straight, and the touches of signature humor that are there don't seem like flashes of style, but organic and right.
No Country for Old Men is based on a novel by Cormac McCarthy, but it shows all the Coen strengths. One is a genuine interest in the way people work.
Deeper, funnier and even stranger than Fargo.
No Country for Old Men is the first movie I've seen in a very long while that deserves to be called a masterpiece. It's such a stunning achievement in storytelling.
The film is as lean and mean as a barbed-wire necktie, darkly funny and much deeper than the average crime thriller.
It's grim, unforgiving and probably unforgettable -- in some ways you'll want to remember, and in others you may wish you couldn't.
Both perplexing and engrossing as it explores humanity's animal instincts. This being McCarthy and the Coens, nothing is spelled out. The seeds are there and they will flourish in a fertile mind.
There isn't a performance in this film that isn't exquisitely in key or a frame in this film that doesn't feel right. At times, the movie deliberately leaves us grasping to understand what we've seen.
The Coens are geniuses at creating tension through editing. No Country has craft and atmosphere aplenty.
As pure craftsmanship, No Country for Old Men is as good as we've ever gotten from Joel and Ethan Coen.
With stunning landscapes around the Tex-Mex border shot by Roger Deakins and the elements of pursuit and retribution, the saga draws from the Western tradition in which the characters become dwarfed by nature.
The Coens understand the stark immediacy of this tale, and they visualize it with brilliantly judged details.
An intense, nihilistic thriller as well as a model of implacable storytelling, this is a film you can't stop watching even though you very much wish you could.
The Coen brothers...shape the parched, timeless Tex-Mex borderland into a character itself, a place where good and evil alike swelter under the sun, and the prairie wind whistles by uncaring.
Most audiences will look at the film and see only the simple plot of a fugitive and his two pursuers, but is there more being said and more being asked within the wide open spaces of No Country for Old Men? Indisputably.
It's almost too good to be true that the Coen Brothers have adapted McCarthy's novel and brought it to the screen, though it is their bleakest work to date.
Indeed, within the framework of this film it truly is no country for old men, and as that harsh realization presents itself the only emotion left is a form of quietly overpowering devastation.
The tension of being around a psycho-killer like Anton keeps you on the edge of your seat, with the much-needed relief coming in the brand of humor that only the Coen brothers can deliver.
You may see films you like better in 2007, but you're unlikely to see one more memorable.
In almost seven years as a critic, I have never said this within a review, and here it is: This film is a masterpiece.
No Country for Old Men is as good a film as the Coen brothers, Joel and Ethan, have ever made, and they made Fargo.
An eerily quiet, bracingly bloody, and expertly laid-out adaptation of the Cormac McCarthy novel.
The simple saga of two tough hombres, a bag of money and everybody unlucky enough to get in their way blossoms into something far more delicate, contemplative and almost mythical.
Brutal and intense, it's an enigmatic, metaphysical mindgame.
It's a localized scenario, but what the movie skillfully does is increase its philosophical scale ever so slowly.
The Coens have left all their tricks and ironic jokery behind and the resulting film feels deeper and more personally felt than anything they have done before.
The Coens have found the perfect source material to continue their dominance of the crime genre while making a second viewing an absolute must to appreciate all the voices involved.
A f****** masterpiece.
the neo-western byproduct of a deranged and adrift zeitgeist
This is the best film the Coen brothers have done since their glory days of Fargo and The Big Lebowski, maybe the best they've done, period.
Cormac McCarthy's book about a man who finds a case full of money at the scene of a drug deal gone very, very wrong is ideally suited for the Coen brother's understated talk and striking visuals.
...an elegy for an American way of life that may make liberals side with the old El Paso Sheriff who bemoans today's youth with their drugs and green hair. It's a Texan lament not heard since The Last Picture Show.
The Coen brothers, once again, prove they are an American asset to film.
For formalists -- those moviegoers sent into raptures by tight editing, nimble camera work and faultless sound design -- No Country for Old Men is pure heaven.
It thunders with the mordant wit, blood-soaked pessimism, and human folly that mark their unique auteurial stamp.
The result, while it may be their most ambitious and successful film in years, remains just a Coen brothers movie, a curio to collect rather than an experience to remember.
Bardem's unnerving performance is the one that will stay with you.
A whip-smart, fingernail-chewing creation that crackles with tension and is pocked with thrilling incarnations of evil. It makes the standard-issue nightmare seem like a tropical vacation.
This acerbic, darkly poetic Coen brothers' take on the Cormac McCarthy novel is calculated to give you the willies.
No Country For Old Men bears McCarthy's unmistakable stamp, and the equally unmistakable mark of filmmakers Joel and Ethan Coen, making a strong return after a few years off.
Like the best of Alfred Hitchcock, it's easy to imagine the movie casting its sinister spell on audiences for years to come.
A masterpiece of a thriller, as merciless as a livestock stun gun to the head, as sharp as a razor blade, and as confidently written as any genre classic one can think of (take your pick).
I just don't like it very much.
... edge-of-the-seat suspenseful.
So ferociously acted and executed that it practically takes a bite out of you. You won't believe how great it is.
Long the merry pranksters of the cinema, the Coens have given irony a vacation.
It's their best work in a while and it's probably going to end up being the year's best movie.
This measured yet excitingly tense, violent yet maturely sorrowful thriller marks the first time the filmmakers have faithfully adapted somebody else's work to their own specifications and considerable strengths.
The ending is so lame it made me feverish. Then I remembered the perfection that came before it, and concluded that this is, without question, the best movie ever made by the eccentric Coen brothers.
This is the Coen Brothers' leanest and least affected film since Blood Simple.
Bleak but beautiful, and with characteristic Coen shafts of gallows humor,...about as perfect as a film can get...a shocking and mesmerizing experience.
The Coens know how a thing or two about pacing, and it's relentless here. The story is full of unexpected twists and switchbacks, and opportunities for the audience to gear down and take a breath are few and far between.
This film is an evil delight; adapted from Cormack McCarthy's book, it's filled with suspense, pitch-black humor and one of the most memorable villains in recent cinema.
While No Country For Old Men is compelling from beginning to end, the film lacks soul.
A return to glory for the Coen Brothers, a revisiting of the formula that worked so well for them in Fargo, but with a darker, more cynical twist.
If I want wry lawmen and smart, calculating fugitives, I'll get them from Elmore Leonard; and, if I want Leonard, I'll take him neat, rather than slow-filtered, drop by drop, through a layer of Faulkner, then laced with the Book of Jeremiah.
Here's the gist: It's a near masterpiece.
The Coens squeeze us without mercy in a vise of tension and suspense, but only to force us to look into an abyss of our own making.
Like The Crying Game, Pulp Fiction and other films that shift paradigms in mid-stream, there's more happening than meets the eye....Stark and spare, it's often a gasp-inducing, armrest-clutching experience.
Audience members who found previous Coen brothers' works too precious can rejoice in this, their best film--close to an American masterwork.
A dust-bowl Pulp Fiction, the movie is bloody, suspenseful, unnerving and, not incidentally, hilarious. The best Coen Bros. drama, without the twitchy mannerisms of Fargo.
A Cormac McCarthy horror-mystery with all its ingenuity and without Hollywood compromise. Happily for literature, the movie retains the fright and power of the novel with its shock ending.
I may be clearly in the minority on this movie. It will almost certainly be number one on my list of movies that other people liked and I didn't.
The film is powerhouse genre, touching in its strange, graceful arc towards total resignation, and tinged, as the best and purest of all American genre films are...
The Coens' first film since their leaden remake of The Ladykillers is an exceptional return to their Blood Simple roots, offering up a crime saga in which money is almost as irresistible as bad choices are inevitable.
Against the whisper of wind and buzz of flies, the Coens manage to find tension in the subtlest of movements and cut the dialogue through with humour as arid as the landscape.
Jones graces the film like an elder statesman.
A quirky and bloody meditation on the rising tide of violence in America by the Coen brothers.
Feels less like a breathing, thinking movie than an exercise. That may be partly because it's an adaptation of a book by a contemporary author who's usually spoken of in hushed, respectful, hat-in-hand tones.
The most searing film I've seen this year.
In adapting this most un-Coen-like material, the brothers have come up with a winner: an action film with a serious philosophical undertone.
The Coen Brothers have gotten their mojo back with the help of Cormac McCarthy.
This is one of [the Coens'] best films, yet, its indelible images resonating long after the final credits roll.
It could serve as a model of prose-to-film adaptation, choosing exactly the right moments and movements for the picture, and leaving alone others that are better suited to literature.
...the Coen brothers' most consistent and flat-out entertaining effort since 1996's Fargo...
No Country For Old Men is a strong addition to the Coen Bros. shelf and will certainly please fans of crime stories while exciting action aficionados. And both groups will chuckle more than once.
It's the Coen's masterpiece.
A terrific return to form on a par with Fargo and other Coen classics.
This is a film that pulls no punches - it's brutal, violent and at times perverse. It is almost sadistic in how it removes all sense of catharsis from the audience, yet does so with such grace and efficiency that you're constantly shaking your head in ama
Written almost exclusively in taut dialogue, the book already reads like a screenplay, and the Coen brothers have taken full advantage.
A stark modern-day Western featuring Javier Bardem as the creepiest movie psycho this side of Anthony Hopkins in The Silence of the Lambs.
The most ambitious and impressive Coen film in at least a decade, featuring the flat, sun-blasted landscapes of west Texas and an eerily memorable performance by Javier Bardem.
No Country delivers, with suspense scenes as taut as they are acutely observed.
In a sense, the film is a lament for old certainties which are cruelly swept aside, perhaps purged would be more accurate, by Bardem's extraordinary monster.
There is a positively chilling performance from Javier Bardem as an embodiment of human evil to match Dennis Hopper's memorable turn in Blue Velvet.
A brilliant example of how plot devices as simple as murder and money can be used to explore larger sweeping themes of mortality, morality and more -- while still delivering rousing, intelligent pure entertainment.
The Coens' typically superior filmmaking sustains the electrifying mood for most of the picture, but they are undone by being too faithful to the source novel by Cormac McCarthy.
A scorching blast of tense genre filmmaking shot through with rich veins of melancholy, down-home philosophy and dark, dark humor.
Brilliant from first frame to last, this faithful adaptation of McCarthy's novel is the Coen brothers best film to date, a masterpiece that's mesmerizing as a thriller and meditation on the nature of violence in America.

@highlight

Bolstered by powerful lead performances from Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin, and Tommy Lee Jones, No Country for Old Men finds the Coen brothers spinning cinematic gold out of Cormac McCarthy's grim, darkly funny novel.