Gunnin' for That #1 Spot might intrigue hardcore basketball fans-several of these young players are newly minted NBA draft picks-but even then, you'll have to contend with the shockingly unimaginative soundtrack.
The extraordinary athleticism and skills of these teenagers, all prime prospects for eventual NBA stardom, makes this a game you really want to see.
Spot provides the basics with foot-tapping, head-bobbing flamboyance, providing the viewer with a serious helping of heart, soul, and scorching basketball action blended up into a taut, explosive documentary.
Although this is never less than watchable, you can't help feeling that it would have been a better film if they'd waited a year or so and actually included details of the players' futures.
To concentrate on the film you have to be a basketball fan, or just a basket case.
Unlike the 1994 basketball doc Hoop Dreams, which investigated collateral issues of education, race and money, this merely sets a twitchy hip-hop soundtrack to an unenlightening parade of eager sporting wannabes.
OK, so it's not quite as searching as Hoop Dreams, but it's hugely enjoyable all the same and boasts - as you'd expect - a terrific soundtrack.
Beastie Boy Adam Yauch's basketball diary is of limited general appeal.
A ho-hum basketball documentary.
This is just a dull promotional video.
The slow-motion footage of these athletes showing off their macho skills is generously underpinned by rumbling hip-hop. Great nightclub wallpaper.
At the heart of everything there's Yauch, directing with remarkable authority for someone who's pretty new to the director's chair.
A spunky, impassioned and resourceful doc on the cutthroat world of US college basketball made for a pittance by Adam Yauch.
As a tribute to the game and its accessibility to all, Gunnin' is hard to beat.
In the opening section of the film, we get to know them through interviews, game footage and scenes of family life. It's here where the film shines, giving us a glimpse into what it's like for young athletes being groomed for the NBA.
It's a fly-on-the-wall look at eight prodigiously talented kids hooking up to play ball in the big city, and as such, it's a great deal of fun.
A funkier, shallower version of 1994's Hoop Dreams, Beastie Boy Adam Yauch's doc follows eight high school basketball phenoms as they head to Harlem's asphalt mecca, Rucker Park, to take part in 2006's Elite 24 tournament.
Gunnin' is everything the fatuous, condescending Hoop Dreams was not.
Shining a light on eight of the brightest stars in American high school basketball, Gunnin' for That #1 Spot is a refreshing and thrilling reminder of why we watch and why they play.
I daresay the results would inspire Eisenstein himself to proffer an affirming nod from the great beyond.
Gunnin' for That #1 Spot is a basketball documentary where the climactic game looks like a Hong Kong wire-fu epic.
The film is well shot and edited, backed with a bouncy hip-hop soundtrack and full of pep.
A cool look at superstars-to-be paying respect to Harlem's Rucker Park on their path to hoops greatness.
Director Adam Yauch tricks up this eclectic look at all-star high school basketball with so much cool high-def camera work and showy editing it's sure to satisfy the film's target youth audience's appetite for zippy visuals and swift pacing.
Beastie Boy Adam Yauch shoots and scores with this documentary that follows eight elite high-school basketball players showcasing their skills along with 16 other prospects in an all-star game at Harlem's (in)famous Rucker Park court.
Call it Hoop Daydreams: a whiz-bang frolic through the lives and skills of eight high-school basketball players who dribble, pass and shoot their way into the ultimate city-park game.
Would be more at home on ESPN than the big screen. But B-Ball fans should enjoy it in either venue.
Gunnin' for That #1 Spot is an on-the-fly record of a memorable moment in basketball history.
A conventional exercise in documentary storytelling, not a rich and incisive assessment of youth and sports cultures.
As sports movies go, Gunnin' never feels the slightest bit hokey, and serves up SportsCenter-worthy clips in high style, along with the unmistakable feel of real life.
The film covers the game's highlights with great flair.
Although it isn't a particularly deep look at the world of pressures and performance anxieties faced by high-school phenoms, Gunnin' is a welcome treat to anyone who follows the game closely.
Adam Yauch, Beastie Boy turned documentarian, turns in a crisp, insightful, but emotionally distant look at the best high school basketball players of 2006 with Gunnin' for That #1 Spot.
As each player's run through the same routine-hometown meet-and-greet, biographical sketch, hasty interview-the burden of the formulaic structure starts to wear.
An impressive feat on every level as Yauch brings an unbridled passion to shining a spotlight on some of the country's finest young basketball players in a way that can be appreciated by anyone and everyone.
It's as much a snapshot of the contemporary basketball scene as it is a love letter to the famed uptown court.
Although much of its archive footage from high school games shows up blurry, pixleated or in an otherwise raw form, it nonetheless clarifies the abilities of thoroughly committed young players executing their most impressive basketball skills.
Hip-hop and basketball have never been so uninspiringly brought together as they are in Beastie Boy Adam Yauch's kinetic but shallow chronicle of the buildup to the first annual Boost Mobile Elite 24 Hoops Classic.
After the gimmicky audience-shot concert film "Awesome ... ," Beastie Boy Adam Yauch proves he can make a comprehensive, state-of-the-art docu of interest to basketball aficionados.
Easily the best movie of its kind since Steve James' Hoop Dreams.



@highlight

Beastie Boy Adam Yauch proves his worth as a director with Gunnin' for That #1 Spot , a fun-filled chronicle of the top high school hoopsters of 2006.