Rather than suffering from a lack of form, however, White God is split in two by the tonal and narrative incongruities of a twinned pair of plots that have no business being in the same film.
... a parable about the rebellions of the oppressed... [Full review in Spanish]
White God is not your average animal film, I'll admit. We in the U.S. are so used to the feel-good animal story that most audiences would find this one is disturbing.
White God may be about the adventures of a dog and a young girl, but it's far from a Disney tooth-decayer.
An astounding, crushing film.
Through Hagen's journey into the pit of madness, this strange film, directed by Kornél Mundruczó, becomes a thriller, a parable, as well as a tough critique of the way men assume superiority over nature.
Mundruczó's focus is clearly going to the admittedly impressive execution, but White God lacks the narrative weight to leave an impact.
This unique Hungarian fable about racism and immigration is told from the point of view of dogs and children.
Although bold and intermittently gripping, the end result smacks of overreaching.
Reads as a stylized conceit, undercut by too many little moments when performances, from human and canine alike, don't truthfully express what the movie says they do.
Hopefully someday Hollywood will be able to make films as great as this one. [Full review in Spanish]
White God is something bold and experimental. Beautiful and brutal, and even with its shortcomings and derivative leanings, it's a unique experience.
White God, quite aside from its allegorical aspects, is on its own terms impressively original cinema, combining tense and subtle moments of human drama with thrillingly muscular action set-pieces.
In its vague antiestablishment posturing, drubbing yet puritanically thrill-resistant nastiness, and capsule-ready conceit, it embodies the worst aspects of an instinct dulled by professionalism.
A hard to fathom revenge of the outcasts fantasy drama.
Kornél Mundruczó shows great ability to create atmosphere, generate emotion and get heartwarming performances from those who you'd least expect... [Full review in Spanish]
More than the political metaphor we see on screen, the movie's best parts are seeing 300 dogs on screen running through the streets of Budapest. [Full review in Spanish]
Even if it's hard to watch, this is a smart social metaphor, perfectly directed and performes. The dogs are great! [Full review in Spanish]
A hard and original analisis of society,it paralels with a lot of what's going on today in the world. [Full review in Spanish]
In White God, a dog named Hagen is our protagonist, but he could easily represent any minority in the world. [Full review in Spanish]
Cinema in it's purest form. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie's sensibilities thowards animal violence transform into visual poetry. [Full review in Spanish]
A re-education about the butality of life in a post-socialist Hungary. [Full review in Spanish]
Sometimes the plot can be unrealistic and even ridiculous, but the movie works due to it's excelent direction. [Full review in Spanish]
Beautifully shot and with an amazing breakthrough performance by Zsófia Psotta. [full review in Spanish]
You'll feel like you're watching something amazing.
You remember the first shots, and the last, but the film never really finds its footing.
...cheekily comments on how we often hide behind civilized culture to mask our basest natures.
When it's all said and done, "White God" delivers an indictment of both sides, and its one that, despite its canine (anti-?)heroes, rings with an undeniable sadness and human truth.
If someone wants to make a case that our four-legged actor friends deserve to be considered for Oscar consideration, right alongside Streep and McConaughey, they need only offer White God as evidence.
Knowing the logistics of dog herding will not prepare you, in the film's climax, for the sight of the canine tsunami sweeping across the city.
A startling, strange, and disturbing tale of dogs and men
What it all means is open to interpretation. Read it as a parable or as a horror movie. Read it as the story of love between a girl and her dog. Read it however you want. No matter what your take, you won't be disappointed.
Emotionally visceral, visually amazing movie with an underpinned social commentary that hits like a brick. See it.
As a dark, Eastern European take on "Benji the Hunted," "White God" holds some fascination. But as an indictment of the evil that men do, it's all bark and no bite.
White God has all the moralistic themes and allegorical elements to make the film evergreen when applied to almost any social, political or socio-economic conflict.
Dogs run wild in Budapest. Suggests a canine version of Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds."
White God offers a dark - very dark - take on the way humans exert authority, and superiority, over our fellow creatures.
Kornél Mundruczó knows not of subtlety. The Hungarian director's brash new feature White God is over the top in all kinds of ways, for better and worse.
Call the shelter; this one's a keeper.
The obviousness of the message -- follow the right leader -- would be more tolerable in a less badly acted, less shoddy-looking film.
A mixed-genre fable that evokes Dickensian melodrama, coming-of-age tropes and outright horror.
Think "The Incredible Journey" crossed with "The Birds" crossed with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes." Or maybe just imagine "Cujo" as told from the dog's point of view. Don't take grandma.
It all pays off with an astounding, extended climax that is as rousing and exciting as it is frightening - one of the most surreal experiences I've ever had watching a movie.
Even those who don't buy in completely to Mundruczo's parable will be impressed by his canine crowd scenes, staged with ambition, skill and genuinely original vision.
Engrossing, and open to any number of metaphorical readings -- but not for people who can't handle simulated animal abuse in movies.
Unfortunately, whatever satisfaction you may derive from seeing assorted nasty human beings get what's coming to them for betraying the trust of man's best friend is watered down by vague social and political allegory.
By turns Dickensian, Marxist and dystopian, it's a movie as deliriously unclassifiable as it is expertly focused in its desire to provoke and entertain.
Intriguing, but the movie's larger statement isn't clear.
The whole production speaks well for the power of film; it's a serious stunner.
The film is no more than wildly inventive, engaging, exciting and memorable, with faultless performances by all the humans, and by Luke, Bodie and a Jack Russell terrier mix named Marlene. I can live with the disappointment.
Rarely does a film's execution achieve or even exceed its director's ambitions, but Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo's "White God" is that rare movie.
White God is a feat of practical filmmaking...
Mundruczó's camera is itchy, moving, darting, as if sniffing, a "shaggy dog" approach, little nudges and sneaks ever so closer in scenes where the dogs move closer to war with mankind.
What holds Kornél Mundruczó's scrappy film all together is its fierce and forceful political metaphor: society's underdogs - be it ethnic minorities, the poor, the disenfranchised - if pushed too far, will bite back (in this case literally).
The filmmaker was wise choosing a species known for its capacity for unconditional love to make his point, its perversion all the more emotionally wrenching.
Milo and Otis by way of The Birds by way of I Spit On Your Grave.
This is fascinating to watch on a purely elemental level, as Mundruczó employs creative smoke-and-mirrors to make once cute dogs seem like menacing terrors.
Suffers at times from a scattershot tone...(but) Its marauding former pets and unresolved ending reminded me most of Hitchcock's "The Birds." That's certainly not a bad film to aspire to while crafting a needed cautionary tale.
... there is much to admire in this near exceptional film, and I guarantee you will be fully invested in the two leads.
Imagine an "R" rated Lassie by way of Spartacus. That's Kornél Mundruczó's White God, a brutal but stirring fantasy about street dogs rising up against cruel and indifferent humans.
A B revenge movie with A-plus direction by Kornél Mundruczó and a cast of canines so personable that even when they tear out people's throats you still want to take them home.
A rousing creature-feature thriller and political allegory, from Hungarian director Kornel Mundrucz.
The hand that feeds - and also brutalizes - is righteously bitten in "White God," a Hungarian revenge fantasy that's like nothing you've seen on screen before.
Hungarian director Kornél Mundruczó downplays White God as a "genre experiment," but his film has real bite regardless.
Somewhere between the future shock allegories of the '70s and their TV spin-offs circa The ABC Movie of the Week lies White God.
White God wants audiences to be moved because stray dogs are persecuted like homeless people. But viewers are prodded to despise the one actual street person in the movie for taking advantage of a dog.
The screen teems with vitality and energy whenever the dogs return to center stage.
When the violence gets unbearable, take comfort in the troop of trainers on the sidelines who prove that, for now, man and beast still make a good team.
Makes Lassie Come Home look like a stroll through Pet Smart.
It's ruthless but sentimental, gritty but fanciful, drop-dead serious but also a little impossible to take seriously.
I want to hug all the dogs in White God, as well as thank them for their performances in this intense and moving drama.
...could all just be an ineptly handled gag, like the agit-prop Euro-Benji film it occasionally resembles.
Director Kornél Mundruczó goes big with allegory, violence, drama and sentiment, and the results are riveting.
Imagine a gritty version of the 'Simpsons' episode where Santa's Little Helper runs away and becomes a scary fighting mutt - shorn of the Laddie subplot, alas.
"White God" isn't the first film to suggest that humanity's cruel treatment of others will one day come back to haunt us. But it certainly makes its point with potent force.
Striking, grim, darkly funny at times. But who, exactly, is going to want to watch a movie built around graphic dog abuse?
The more you command it to sit and stay-to settle down as a plausible plot, or to cohere as a political fable-the more it slips its leash and runs amok.
A poignant Hungarian parable about the terrible things that can happen when there is no reverence for dogs as fellow companions.
It affects a general air of artistically inclined realism, but it's mostly concerned with building tension via a steady accumulation of flatly conceived misery.
This gripping suspense story considers how any canine can become the unfortunate repository for its master's darkest impulses.
"Hungarian director Kornél Mundruczó's brave and tantalizing movie"
A wonderful movie that scores high as political allegory, Grand Guignol, and coming-of-age drama.
Beauty and the Beast with bared teeth.
Director Kornél Mundruczó's staging of the scenes in which the dogs take to the streets is breathtaking.
White God is perhaps the greatest dog movie made without CGI.
White God isn't for everyone. But it is an unflinching, extraordinary piece of film-making.
A beautiful and bizarre film that veers between gritty realism and haunting fantasy, and from a human perspective to a dog's-eye-view of the world.
Superbly acted allegorical drama with a climax that is not only breathtakingly exciting but flawlessly handled.
This is an entertaining, technically accomplished work, but unlike the 1982 Samuel Fuller race-relations thriller which the title references, its set-up ultimately proves distracting.
White God is an ambitious and thrilling, if a little uneven, canine-centric drama.
Who let the dogs out? This is Homeward Bound: The Incredibly Harrowing Journey ...
This powerful Hungarian drama features the Al Pacino of dog actors.
Mundruczó skillfully weaves adventure, coming-of-age, prison-escape and revenge-thriller tropes into a mythic, emotional and visceral experience that poses moral questions about how people treat animals and how people treat people.
A broad but often poignant allegory of oppression, it's like the beautiful puppy of Au Hasard Balthazar and The Plague Dogs.
Both a powerful statement for animal rights as well as a metaphorical commentary on the rise of racism in Hungary today.
White God is a breathtaking beast of its own.
an astonishing live-action fable in a dog-eat-dog world.
A sort of apocalyptic fable in which the maltreatment of lowly animals becomes a potent metaphor for everything from immigration to the abuse of power ...
...a triumphantly idiosyncratic film with smarts and visceral impact in equal measure.
It is a fantasia of canine madness that looks sometimes like a horror-thriller based on something by James Herbert or Stephen King - and sometimes like a tribute to Hitchcock's The Birds. Except that this time it's The Dogs.
Kornel Mundruczo's sixth and best feature is an emotionally rousing, technically masterful man-vs.-dog adventure.

@highlight

White God isn't an easy watch, but its soaring ambition and powerful acting -- human and canine alike -- make it well worth the effort.