Screenwriter/actress Zoe Kazan shows signs of potential, but she fluffs up Sparks instead of examining its darker elements.
Ruby Sparks is a snazzy and thought-provoking debut.
It doesn't not work-there's too much genuinely great stuff going on.
Ruby Sparks is a good little cute 'n' clever (dare I call it... quirky?) movie, and it's possible that the degree to which I'm frustrated with it is solely due to the fact that I hoped for something different, something more.
"Ruby Sparks" is a uniquely palatable concoction - part Woody Allen, part John Hughes, part Rod Serling.
There's no shortage of interesting ideas submerged here. Too bad it's such a slog to sit through.
Ruby Sparks is an honest, entertaining, and insightful picture that, despite a very 'filmy' happy ending, offers up an amusingly frank deconstruction of the 'dream girl' idea that pervades much modern fiction.
Having established this whimsical dream-come-true situation, the film now sneakily subverts it.
Kazan the writer asks a lot of Kazan the actress, putting her through an emotional wringer while also calling upon her to convincingly traverse a path from happiness to humiliation without missing a beat. She seldom disappoints.
It's a refreshing take for a rom-com, and when you add in a healthy dose of humour, it makes for an enjoyable and intelligent treat.
The hit and miss nature of Ruby Sparks is a surprise given it's from the same duo that brought us Little Miss Sunshine.
Ruby Sparks feels like the best Woody Allen movie Woody Allen never made.
Sometimes it's worth surrendering to cinematic enchantments, and Ruby Sparks makes a pretty good case for its own magic.
Sure it's been done before -- man brings ideal woman to life -- but not quite like Ruby Sparks. And that sets this film up to be a smart and romantic low-key comedy that goes beyond expectations.
If the result feels like a Pinocchio story that spends too much time with Geppetto, or a takedown of narcissism that never breaks free of what it's critiquing, Dano nonetheless makes Calvin compelling company.
Kazan winds up indulging in the very wish-fulfillment she initially sets out to deconstruct.
Ruby Sparks flirts with preciousness and has less fun with its premise than it could have, but that's because it's actually a gently touching metaphorical drama about the real essence of love.
Screenwriter/actress Kazan's theory seems to have been that if she's going to write herself a part, she might as well make it a crackerjack one.
Even with the draggy pacing, though, the actors and the central idea are so good that Dayton and Faris never lose us completely.
Ruby Sparks might have been more fun if Cal were written to be expansive instead of a worrywart in the middle-aged Matthew Broderick mode.
It tackles the idea that people in a relationship will often try to remake the other person in their image. Some of the twists are more obvious than others, but it has just enough charm (mostly from Kazan herself) to skate by.
It may be directed by the pair that gave us "Little Miss Sunshine," but what makes this one work is writer Zoe Kazan, who doubles as the female lead.
far too derivative of other angsty independent romances that it failed to keep my attention
Displaying a self-confidence that would put Muhammad Ali to shame, Kazan has cast herself as her real-life boyfriend's fantasy woman.
A sprightly, slightly twisted take on the romcom genre.
The movie's funny for the first half-hour. But thereafter it stumbles like someone trying to find their way out of a hall of mirrors.
The picture offers worrying commentary on male stereotypes of femininity and on the gender's domineering tendencies.
[B]arely distinguishable from other similar tales of young men who need a schooling in the realities of not being a selfish jerk, with one glaring exception: ... this one is all about teaching Calvin that -- spoiler! -- women are people.
A romantic comedy with a dark twist, this film gets under the skin as it knowingly explores both the writing process and the nature of relationships.
Both fresh and fun.
If it pulls a few punches, and has an ending that seems pie in the sky, it is at least ambitious enough to dare to be something different.
Kazan energises a film which could have been weighted down by Dano's often-repeated Little Mr Rainstorm act.
Though recognisably a variation on Pygmalion and My Fair Lady, it's a daringly unconventional idea, and Ms Kazan has written endearing roles for herself and her real-life boyfriend, Mr Dano.
Kazan's script is observant about how we try to control relationships - making this a smart, modern movie. And how often can you say that about a romcom?
A big waste of a lot of talent.
Maybe you could call this a fantromcom. Anyway, it's thoroughly enjoyable.
I wanted to send everyone in Ruby Sparks to a treatment centre for the terminally winsome. A de-schmaltz clinic.
Kazan's living doll is a hilarious and definitive creation: after her, we need never again suffer through a quirky romance involving beanie hats.
Ultimately, it doesn't have anything really surprising to say. Yet it's nicely performed and good fun in parts.
It is quirky in parts, but it's more serious and interesting than that, getting quite dark at times.
A hugely enjoyable, superbly written and brilliantly acted fantasy relationship comedy that eventually reveals a much darker undercurrent and is ultimately both thought-provoking and powerfully emotional.
In an incredibly assured debut, writer and actress Zoe Kazan wittily and warmly dissects a relationship with the balance of power inexorably weighed towards Calvin's can't-believe-his-luck loser.
Ruby Sparks is more insightful and powerful than any of us - including Calvin - could have ever imagined.
In a fable about embracing things that are less than perfect despite their faults, Ruby Sparks registers as a flawed but likeable movie.
Ruby Sparks belongs to Zoe Kazan, who joins the likes of Sarah Polley and Brit Marling in the rarified ranks of actress/screenwriter double-threats.
Like Calvin, you'll find it hard to resist Ms Sparks.
While Kazan and Dano don't (yet) capture the deep-rooted romantic whimsicalities of Tracy and Hepburn, their off-screen chemistry has certainly helped make Ruby Sparks one of this year's more enjoyable moments on screen...
...this is a complete vanity project.
There's strong storytelling at the core here, backed by worthwhile performances - and this is a good movie - though, not quite the original masterpiece of love and creativity it clearly strives to be.
Is total control over a person any way to run a meaningful relationship? It's a great premise, beautifully played out.
Ruby Sparks is a profoundly sad tale of self-loathing masquerading as a cutesy romantic comedy.
By the end, I'd forgotten how silly the whole thing was, and enjoyed Ruby Sparks as the sweet little modern fable it's aiming to be.
I really thought this was a very sweet film.
There's an awful lot to enjoy in this clever and charming film.
It's a witty, appealing romantic comedy with a surprising edge, a cleverly written and deftly acted exploration of what happens when dreams appear to become reality, and the emotional stakes are raised.
So it falls short - which makes it an especially frustrating experience. There's so much to like and so many potentially interesting ideas to embrace that I really wanted it to work.
The film owes much of its success to the intricate and intimate chemistry of leads Paul Dano and Zoe Kazan.
Layered with smarts, charm and originality, but also packing a hefty emotional punch, this has all the hallmarks of an indie classic.
While the ending certainly falls prey to the sort of things the rest of the movie is subverting, it throws enough curveballs into the typical Hollywood romcom formula to feel fresh.
A tepidly humored cerebral gimmicky fantasy film.
A film projecting itself as an enjoyable indie-darling capped with a mainstream ending. Dayton, Faris and company bring Ruby to life but Hollywood ideals ruin her.
Rather than being Stranger Than Fiction with insightful gender politics, Ruby Sparks is more a hipster Weird Science.
Despite its one-gag premise, this quirky indie rom-com delivers in heart and aesthetic.
The problem in the screenplay is its lack of imagination, oddly enough, which is demonstrated by repetition of the central idea - instead of a satisfactory development of it
Kazan, who plays the seductive figment of Paul Dano's imagination, has written an endearing screenplay in whose daring concept the lines of fiction and real life are blurred
Ruby Sparks means well, but I believe it is an awful film, an unintentionally uncomfortable experience I'd like to forget about as soon as possible.
Ruby Sparks is solid second album for Dayton and Faris and a welcome feminine critique of the male author god complex by Kazan - slightly undone by the weak ending.
Kazan has fashioned an odd, yet interesting film that reminds us that relationships are never easy, even when you think you have complete control over them.
One of the most thoughtful, brilliant films about filmmaking in ages.
Think of it as a seductively sophisticated remix of Weird Science - just don't expect any gymnastics routines or giant globs of fly-eating gunk named Chet.
I think the problem with Ruby Sparks is that it's never really sure what the rules are.
Is 'Ruby Sparks' named for the fiery static generated by Dorothy's slippers when the talons of the Wicked Witch come near? As in 'The Wizard of Oz,' dreams and reality overlap here, and magic can hurt.
Starts off charmingly then gets even better, especially as it ventures into darker, more unsettling territory that is terra incognito for 99.9 percent of movie romances.
Ruby Sparks goes beyond quirky fluff and deals with relationships. Zoe Kazan rides her screenplay on a high-altitude flight of imagination. Although there's an occasional bump on the way, the landing is smooth.
Her mother wrote the screenplay for Benjamin Button-her father the script for Reversal of Fortune. Her grandfather, Elia Kazan, directed On the Waterfront. If her debut screenplay is any indication, Zoe Kazan is going to be a contender
Zoe Kazan wrote herself a doozy of a part. She's the title character in Ruby Sparks, a film that superficially appears to be a romantic comedy but whose disturbing undertones guarantee that it will never be mistaken for some Katherine Heigl stinkbomb.
Humorous, slyly sentimental romantic fable
Haiku Ruby Sparks Creations don't stay abstract long when they become flesh and blood women
On paper, it sounds like a delight. In practice, though, Ruby Sparks -- which boasts only the occasional twinkle -- mostly just fizzles.
Sneaks up on you with deep questions, discomfiting insights and more emotional punch than you may expect.
Intriguing, charming, whimsical - love the "what if"
Ruby Sparks opts for a seemingly darker but ultimately easier resolution, one that involves magic and fantasy and the sort of neat, happily-ever-after finales that only exist in movies.
An incisive, funny and well-acted look at the messy complications of even the most seemingly picture-perfect relationships.
Kazan proves fascinatingly game in the dual roles of creator and creation, assessing with her screenplay the weaknesses that drive men to pursue an elusive romantic paradigm while crafting for herself a role of some considerable range.
This is the kind of high-concept whimsy trafficked in by Woody Allen, though thankfully free of Dixieland jazz, monochrome title cards or kvetching about Russian literature.
"Ruby Sparks" is a curveball delight, the work of serious-minded jokers.
...a satisfyingly off-beat romance that consistently stands apart from its bland brethren...
The scripter-star [Zoe Kazan] shows skill at creating femme characters but not so much with the guys. Still, Kazan's perf is the real draw
Charming, fresh, and creative.
Ruby Sparks is clever, cute and charming thanks to Paul Dano and writer-co-star Zoe Kazan.
Kazan carries the film with a disarmingly sweet performance.
Half relentless cutsie-wootsies, half sentimental slop, 'Ruby Sparks' has no sparks, not even between real-life couple Dano and Kazan, and little originality.
It all pretty much exists on an even keel, and that's not really the provenance of love and magic.
Though the character of Calvin will disagree, 'Ruby Sparks' isn't perfect. But it's a lovely first-time film from the highly promising talent of Zoe Kazan.
With excellent and engaging performances, fantastic writing, and the ability to breathe a lot of life into a concept that may have been really absurd under different circumstances, "Ruby Sparks" is extraordinarily charming and should not be missed.
A refreshing romantic comedy for the smart set.
In a time of mind-numbing rom coms, Ruby Sparks uses fantasy to get real about modern romance.
The meta-fiction concept of characters interacting with their creator is hardly original, but it's neatly packaged here by Kazan herself, who wrote the script for this clever little charmer.
"Ruby Sparks" is a film about the wonder of, and the limits of, magic. Believe and enjoy.
Sparklingly entertaining.
Dano and Kazan, arguably two of Hollywood's more intelligent acting talents, deserve a better movie than this.
There are moments in this movie that are mind-bendingly funny, and that fill the viewer with the thrill of discovering great new talent.
What starts off as a sunny daydream, a shot of whimsy and mild-mannered magical realism, turns into something more serious, and seriously reflective. Satisfyingly so.
If "Ruby Sparks" doesn't warm you much or form a seamless whole, it's nevertheless got pieces that you can genuinely admire.
It's a twisted picture, though one that doesn't immediately announce itself, developing a impenetrability about Ruby and Calvin that stings as much as it baffles.
Kazan isn't beautiful. She's not even pretty, at least not in any conventional way. But she's enormously attractive, and the camera can't get enough of that heart-shaped face and those bouncing bangs.
Written by Zoe Kazan (Elia's granddaughter), who plays the title character, written by Kazan as a pointed inversion of movie formula, and an updating of the classic Pygmalion myth.
Ruby Sparks is a frothy, thoughtful take on the Pygmalion/Living Doll genre.
So much more satisfying than the cut-rate romantic comedy that it could have been.
Where's writer's block when you really need it?
A pretty radical rejoiner to traditional storytelling conventions- and one that all but obliterates Nathan Rabin's famous "Manic Pixie Dream Girl" concept.
Kazan not only gives a charming, emotional performance, her script shows she has dazzling talent as a writer.
A beguiling, effervescent deconstruction of the Manic Pixie Dream Girl subgenre by way of Stranger Than Fiction, with both charm and a certain psychological heft.
Oddly enough, though the idea of female submissiveness may have seemed less strange before the women's movement reared its defiant head, male sexual misconceptions under the sway of muted feminist reprimand, work nicely here in rather unexpected ways.
The rare rom.com that's not just smart and funny but takes risks as well.
Envision (500) Days of Summer as retold by Charlie Kaufman and you won't be far off.
Maybe it'll give you something to think about as you Facebook stalk that cute girl you just met for coffee.
While no one will ever mistake Zoe Kazan for Kelly LeBrock of 'Weird Science,' the former does posses a certain wit and charm in 'Ruby Sparks' that will delight those who, with a little imagination, are looking for a good lighthearted romantic comedy.
Ruby Sparks delivers an unpredictable, feel-good experience that manages to remain surprisingly sincere despite a plot that sometimes reads like a would-be Jim Carrey vehicle.
A glowing fantasy that approaches perfection in its unlabored comic style, and the way it subtly develops dark themes of creativity and control.
... the result is... a warm and wise fable about the way we romanticize people at the start of a relationship, only to be disappointed as ugly, messy reality asserts itself.
A twee, mildly amusing rom-com from the directors of "Little Miss Sunshine.''
A clever but flawed Woody Allen-esque comedy that deserves to be judged on its own merits.
It plays with the very notion of the girl whose job in the movie is to be the life force.
The fantasy of every novelist - a charming escape for book lovers and romanticists alike.
"Ruby Sparks" is a closed system that gradually turns in on itself. There isn't enough of someone else.
Don't look for sweet and embraceable. This movie is not afraid to show its claws. Like the spirited teamwork of Kazan and Dano, Ruby Sparks is honest, deep and true.
Star Zoe Kazan's...written a hell of a role for herself, a showcase for every type of mood and emotion, but the directors haven't succeeded in making the tale take on a life of its own
It's a smart counter-jab to the many movies out there that put forth the myth that the world is full of quirky angels in ballet flats who are just waiting for some morose protagonist to come along in need of their love.
Ruby Sparks diminishes its own stakes from the start, and nothing that happens in this breezy, ineffective rom-com does anything to improve that.
You find yourself wanting to go through Kazan's script with a red pen and indicate all the places where she could have let herself get darker, weirder, and braver.
It's refreshing to see a premise such as this one treated to a nonsmarmy telling. But the picture, intelligent but mild, has more of a 10-volt hum than a true spark.
... offbeat character study yields some charming eccentricities but requires such an outrageous suspension of disbelief that all but the least cynical viewers might be left shaking their heads.
With one real life couple being directed by another, the chemistry clicks.
Dano, in his best performance since There Will Be Blood, offers a bravely unflattering depiction of beta-male possessiveness.
Ruby Sparks tries its damnedest to make a picture that seduces moviegoers into accepting it as their best imaginary friend forever. But the sweat shows more than the sparkle.
The setup is rote, almost insulting, but it's smarter than it looks: Once the pieces are in place, Kazan's script reveals a deeper game.
Kazan's spin on the issue of control in a relationship is fresh and intriguing. Has all of the components to make it "the little relationship film that could"
"Ruby Sparks" has a genuine sweetness to it that never turns saccharine.
Indie romcom explores ego and love; expect some language, sex talk.
Both a serious and playful foray into the forest of romantic love and literary invention by the directors of Little Miss Sunshine and the actress and writer Zoe Kazan.
Neurosis hasn't seemed this adorably sane since Woody Allen. Clever, funny, expertly walking the line between arty and mainstream, Ruby Sparks is a lovable romantic comedy.
This isn't some Michel Gondry magical-realist doodle: Calvin's fictional dream girl damn well really comes to life, with all the astonishment and potential institutionalization that entails.
Entertaining enough to warrant a recommendation for older teens and adults looking for something a little different at the movies. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It's not the sunniest romantic comedy you'll see. But it is one of the smartest. And, perhaps, the likeliest to get you thinking about what romance and relationships are really all about.
I imagine most people seeing "Ruby Sparks" will consider it to be about a writer and his fictional creation. There may be another way to approach it.
The movie is sweet, but it's a lollipop of whimsy. Lick it and it's gone.
A sophisticated and beguiling romantic fable.
An engagingly off-kilter love story of a writer, the girl of his dreams and the power of his pen.
It's mediocre and half-baked, with flashes of a potential good movie showing through here and there.
A movie about the power of the imagination really becomes a movie about a certain element of surrender - about the release of power - that is practically a requirement for loving somebody.
Who hasn't entertained a fantasy of romantic omnipotence in which a dream partner complies with your every wish?
You'd have to be under 30 to see any of this as strikingly original insight, but it bears repeating in an eternal-child culture that favors reflexive cursing and knowing yuks over the honest longing to make a connection stick.
Not only does the movie play with a lot of intriguing quasi-philosophical issues but it is uncompromising in its trajectory.
Begs interpretation as a frustrated actress's commentary on the way that even ostensibly serious writers write women-that is, for maximum convenience.
Delicate, unassuming, and, like Ruby herself, kind of difficult not to fall for.
Screenwriter Zoe Kazan takes a whimsically fantastical idea and sees it through to its inevitably bitter end.
Assaults the audience with such an unending charm offensive that what initially seems cute becomes cutesy, and what feels quirky descends into twee.
Clever, but not clever enough to make its central conceit work.
A romantic fantasy that offers a few new twists on romantic relationships and the need to control another's moods, needs, and activities.
Succeeds as a satirical fantasy about writerly self-involvement, but it's worth celebrating as a testament to self-made greatness, particularly in regard to the efforts of writer/star Zoe Kazan.
...a rare gem of a romantic comedy, sharp and smart with a warm glow.
Insightfully trades on people's need for clarity, both as a creative type and someone looking to collaborate with a partner.
Buoyed by one of the best screenplays of the year courtesy of one of our most interesting young actresses, Ruby Sparks is a clever romantic fantasy that works on nearly every level.
Paul Dano seemingly lacks any real charisma of his own; it's not that he disappears into these roles but that these roles disappear when he steps into them.
An adorable fantasy about a man who learns that being able to manipulate his girlfriend into doing everything he wants is not to be taken as desirable.
The great romantic gem of the summer, a diamond in the rough that bends genres, tickles the fancy and trips up expectations.
Kazan has fun with a silly premise and smartly plays it straight when the occasion calls for it.
Never gets beyond feeling like a Stephen King fable about the dangers of getting too invested in your own writing.
The team of Little Miss Sunshine is back with another winning comedy starring Paul Dano, a romantic fable that offers a modern take on the myth of Pgymalion, with a touch of Harvey, replacing the rabbit with a sexy femme.
You get to acknowledge how one-dimensional the male fantasies of hot nerd-messiah chicks are while basking in exactly the same thing.
"Ruby Sparks" is a humorous observation of the dysfunctional ground between men and women, especially during the early stages of a relationship. It has "date-movie" written all over it.
The theme here is solid...and Kazan plays every rewritten aspect nicely. But I'm sorry, movie; would you mind giving us even a token explanation of why this fictional character came to be?
A beguiling romantic fantasy about the creative process and its potential to quite literally take on a life of its own, Ruby Sparks performs an imaginative high-wire act with finesse and charm.

@highlight

Cleverly written and wonderfully acted, Ruby Sparks overcomes its occasional lags in pace with an abundance of charm and wit.