The Mysteries of Pittsburgh would play as weak sauce in any context, but it's especially disappointing coming to theaters on the heels of the similarly themed but superiorly made Adventureland.
boring and aimless
A mess of a movie, looking to contort Chabon's novel into a darkly personal story of choice and desire. Instead the film sloppily lumbers around in search of a consistent dramatic path. It's handsome enough, just wildly misguided from frame one.
The fact is, some novels don't translate well to the screen.
Guts the book of complexity and ambiguity and reduces it to another trite coming-of-age story with a badly written voice-over narrative by a boring post-adolescent.
Michael Barrett's cinematography gives the film and the city of Pittsburgh just enough of a picturesque dream-like quality that, like its protagonist, you'll remember.
[Art] is as passive as Benjamin Button minus the freak-of-nature excuse.
Shoddy and never credible, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh is an ungainly coming-of-age drama based on a (hopefully much better) novel by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Michael Chabon.
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh seems to be missing an essential element of drama, of risk, underneath its glossy, golden sheen.
Somehow, even as writer-director Rawson Marshall Thurber slathers on the voiceover ooze or unwittingly evokes Sophie's Choice with his central romantic triangle, he still manages to astonish with The Mysteries of Pittsburgh.
The movie is all over the place and it loses its focus.
I can't imagine the novel's characters were this flat, formulaic and puzzling in their behavior.
Sarsgaard revels in a character who attracts all eyes and mouths, but the narration is too much of an explanatory crutch to parse the roundelay of identity exploration.
The real mystery about The Mysteries of Pittsburgh is how writer-director Rawson Marshall Thurber could turn Michael Chabon's delightful debut novel into such a bore.
Here's the big mystery of Pittsburgh: How did this movie manage to be so completely terrible?
When characters say things like "It's gonna be a great summer," or call someone "Old sport" and act oh-so-beautifully doomed, it's time to call the cliché police.
A misguided head-spinner of conflicting tones, listless lead performances and dashed expectations.
When a director has an overinflated conception of the adapted book, we stand a pretty good chance of being really underwhelmed by the completed movie.
The charm and drily pointed cultural observations that made Chabon's 1988 debut so auspicious are largely missing in action throughout this earnest but unconvincing film.
Sarsgaard is the only interesting element, but he doesn't make the movie worth seeing.
A clumsy and confused adaptation of Michael Chabon's 1988 novel.
Even Chabon fans should avoid this.
Only Sarsgaard shows a pulse, creating a self-destructive, omnisexual rogue who, for all his faults, would probably be great company. The same can't be said for the film around him.
At any middling arthouse festival, films like this are four for a dollar.
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh is a coming-of-ager that nearly slaughters you by minute 30 with the relentlessness of its protagonist's voiceovers, as scripted--with reverence and without cinematic wiles--by director Rawson Marshall Thurber.
Michael Chabon's earnest first novel from 1988 about a young man's bisexual coming of age is now what could pass for a flavorless pilot for the CW.
Too busy for three mediocre movies? Watch this gonzo drama -- a coming-of-age Mafia bisexual love triangle that's simultaneously bizarre and trite.
That one special summer after college wherein boys become men and learn about the dark doings of the world is herein re-enacted to particularly wan, if determinedly literary, effect.
The movie is all the more artificial because it has been made with great, almost painful, earnestness.
Despite the best of intentions and interesting source material, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh is a misfire on several levels.
A stillborn rendering of Michael Chabon's first novel.
Devotees of Chabon will find particular points on which to disdain Thurber's treatment -- for the uninitiated, it's enough to feel the howling gulf between intention and what's actually on-screen.
At best a sincere show of flattening, at worst a colossal bore of a coming-of-age story.
Over-compressed and unoriginal, Thurber's movie of Chabon's novel has turned an imaginative book into ordinary cinema.
A surefooted screen translation of Michael Chabon's beloved 1988 debut novel.
Poor performances by lesser-known co-leads Jon Foster and Sienna Miller, and sporadic storytelling with only a sliver of the emotional depth of Chabon's beloved book, wipes away any positives...
... almost indistinguishable from any other portrait of the aimless American male who is jolted from passivity to action by a reckless pal.
Comb through the program guide at any independent film festival and you'll find 10 movies exactly like this one.
I can automatically assume that the characters are a lot more multi-dimensional in Chabon's book -- because in the movie they're pretty much a bunch of paper-doll cutouts
It's the players that invigorate The Mysteries of Pittsburgh and keenly flesh-out its emotional dimensions.



@highlight

A listless interpretation of Michael Chabon's first novel, Mysteries of Pittsburgh features none of the source material's charm, but has coming-of-age film cliches in abundance.