Though some of the journeys lead to unhappy endings, Nazneen's story offers us a resolution as satisfying as any contemporary drama has given us this year.
What [Brick Lane] lacks in ambition, it makes up in intimacy.
A warm bath in comfortable platitudes.
Kaushik is remarkable as Chanu, a role that demands he be a buffoonish, yet loving man, intelligent beneath his self-aggrandizing attitudes, oversized ambitions and determined cheerfulness.
A blandly earnest coming-of-age story.
Brick Lane is lovely to look at and the performances, particularly from Chatterjee and Kaushik, are delightful.
Despite the fine performances, Brick Lane comes across as a nice soap opera when it promised much more.
In Chanu, it creates an indelible protagonist. He thinks he is a man of ideas. He is a man who, when it counts, is full of common sense and uncommon feeling.
As long as Brick Lane remains focused on Nazneen, it succeeds admirably.
... an intriguing and visually interesting film that in aggregate never escapes the genre ghetto. It is another immigration song, a glancing curiosity that never really penetrates our preconceived romantic illusions.
Relative newcomer Chatterjee is a revelation as Nazneen. It's her character's predicament that holds our interest.
Brick Lane, by director Sarah Gavron and Angela's Ashes screenwriter Laura Jones, is, like Mira Nair's film The Namesake, a heartfelt portrait of the new immigrant experience.
The slant is feminist, but the most interesting character is not the saintly and long-suffering wife but her initially ridiculous husband (wonderfully played by Satish Kaushik).
The story has many themes to contend with and sometimes accordingly becomes unfocused, but when fully controlled it's also quite moving and surprising.
Small, intimate and achingly modern, Brick Lane is a lovely study involving both one woman's awakening and the inevitability of cross-cultural pollination.
Brick Lane is a grown-up movie. It recognizes that there are different kinds of love and that some of them don't involve happily-ever-afters.
Chanu, a torrent of frustration who seems to be no more happy with the union than his wife is, confronts Karim in a memorable scene that packs a spark the rest of the film lacks.
Taken for what it is, Brick Lane is something entirely its own.
[A] quietly observant and quite beautiful adaptation of the Monica Ali novel.
Poignant and subtle, it tackles cross-cultural conflict and racial intolerance.
Brick Lane is so lovely that even a simple shot of empty hangers in a closet shimmers.
The film's heart can't be faulted, but its head is working in a regrettably low gear.
As the plot unfolds, it becomes apparent that director Sarah Gavron also finds attractive people more sympathetic, and this is Brick Lane's undoing.
As Nazneen, Tannishtha Chatterjee proves to be the quiet force that drives the film, ably projecting a depth of emotion with few words.
Its flat, static quality belies the novel's richness.
While the film tackles the issue of what the concept of 'home' means for expats and emigrants, it can also be seen as a coming-of-age story for a woman in her mid-30s.
Ultimately hopeful, Brick Lane feels careful enough to connect with its intentions, leaving behind an engaging, turbulent picture that pays careful concentration to the tender nuances of the longing, unfulfilled heart.
[The film] hits all the clichés of romantic literary adaptation: montage, letters read aloud in voice-over, a swelling musical score.
Sarah Gavron's adaptation of Monica Ali's novel is a thoughtful and often evocative drama of identity and assimilation...
Sarah Gavron's adaptation of Monica Ali's novel is a thoughtful and often evocative drama of identity and assimilation...
Adapted from the 2003 Monica Ali novel, Brick Lane is one of those feminist cries in the dark in which the heroine, a saintly sufferer, is more admirable than interesting.
One of those poorly chosen movie titles that does not do justice to the beautiful story told within.
It's a testament to Kaushik's acting ability that he turns what could have been an odious character into a quite likeable one.
Weighty tearjerker with mature themes.
Interview: These two incredibly insightful women (director Sarah Gavron and lead actress Tannishtha Chatterjee) talk about the essence in creating this amazing female lead and an overall perspective on the Muslim experience in London.
Brick Lane has beautiful scenery and some enjoyable moments but leaves the viewer feeling the need to find the book to get the rest of the story.
Brick Lane is about characters who have depth and reality, who change and learn, who have genuine feelings. And it keeps on surprising us, right to the end.
Lazily relies upon the book's prestige to get by.
A sensitive and occasionally poetic film, Brick Lane is an absorbing tale of personal empowerment and emotional growth.
A sense of isolation and struggle for identity in an oppressive culture wash away superfluous formula, leaving a lovely tranquility in their wake.
Little more than an old story dressed up in contemporary trappings, but in this case they elevate the formula.
Gavron coaxes good performances from her cast, and she captures the look and feel of council housing in East End London...
[Chaterjee's] is a face that finds a profound eloquence in silence, transmitting an insistent intensity to the emotions revealed
...an economically poignant melodrama about a young Muslim girl's fragile mindset and the journey that leads to her self-discovery...relentlessly affecting in mind and consciousness.
Stripped of a mediating point of view, the film is just a series of pretty pictures and awkwardly connected incidents.
To hint that a heroine might have any flaws whatsoever would be just a bit too modern for this picture.
Well-acted and grounded in reality.
[A] glossy but overly efficient drama that, like Nazneen's husband, is ultimately too ineffectual to make much of a dent.
For most of the movie, we feel as trapped as she does, and the lurching narrative seems anything but novelistic.
In Brick Lane's London, Nazneen is confined by a series of small rooms and doorways, narrow streets and muted colors.
Certainly touching, even heart-rending at times, and it mostly steers clear of the didacticism and sentimentality its subject matter often invites. But it never takes the full measure of its modest heroine, and makes her world a bit too small.
Where it's going all seems predetermined, but the visual journey is lovely, Robbie Ryan's camera turning even council-housing London into something optically enchanting.
A poetic and sensitive drama about a Bangladesh village girl's life in England and her valiant struggle to stand on her own in the world with a full and grateful heart
the director does not make her heroine's emotional maturation entirely believable, mainly because of the utter unredemptiveness with which Nazneen's husband is viewed until film's end.
Brick Lane feels slight and late to the table. Still, its pretty musings about small-scale self-actualization can be seductive.
Feels as average as an ordinary TV movie.
Sarah Gavron's tale of a young Bangladeshi woman unwillingly transplanted to London's East End is absorbing enough, moving enough and visually attractive enough to provide a perfectly acceptable night out at the movies.
Direction and the work of the cast are outstanding.
Fewer incendiary incidents and a red pencil applied to the script might have freed the good movie that's buried somewhere beneath layers of unearned emotional conflict.
The sort of female empowerment flick that could get a fatwa issued against Sarah Gavron, the intrepid director daring enough to make the picture
Sarah Gavron's Brick Lane, from a screenplay by Abi Morgan and Laura Jones, is based on the rapturously received 500-page first novel by Monica Ali.
No new ground is explored, however, in this handsomely constructed film. Nazneen's story seems familiar every step of the way.
A weepie that alternates between the poignant and the trite ... The acting is good, but the script is overwrought.
Beautifully realized by Sarah Gavron, who fills Nazneen's story with gorgeous visuals and traditional music, creating a film that's dramatic, romantic and even erotic at times.
Monica Ali's expansive, epic best seller about decades in the life of a sheltered wife from Bangladesh in the titular London neighborhood is transformed into a compact, delicate tale of adultery, extremism, and awakening.
Even when 9/11 is invoked the film doesn't so much suggest a melodrama of the heart and spirit as it does an explosion at a fabric store.
Every conceivable choice on this film was met with the most obvious answer, and every turn comes right out of other movies.
A movie whose visuals are lovely to behold and lyrically awash in sensuality and desire, but sets the lives of women back at least a few centuries.
Takes on the theme of 'Where is home'--the place where you were born or the locale of your residence--with freshness and sparkling acting.
The director, Sarah Gavron, came through documentaries and BBC TV drama. This is her first feature and she makes the film very sensual, as well as highly controlled.
The daily grind of a Brick Lane Bangladeshi is credibly brought to life in this sensitive and intelligent adaptation of Monica Ali's novel.
It is, like all immigrant stories, about identity and Nazneen's journey is both painful and touching.
Tannishtha Chatterjee, known in India for film and theatre work, is excellent as the vulnerable, isolated young woman who gradually builds herself into a resilient survivor who can smile and tame the pain of her world
Monica Ali's sensitive sprawling text about a Bangledeshi wife (Chatterjee) forced into an east London marriage gets a sanded-down blandification as it makes its lurch onto the big screen.
Underwhelming.
Tannishtha Chatterjee perfectly captures the emotional awakening of shy heroine Nazneen.
Although well-acted and heartfelt, it provokes shrugged shoulders rather than the tears it's clearly striving for.
The romance at the heart of Brick Lane never comes alive. Chatterjee is doleful and weepy, Simpson enervated.
Gavron's movie finds an unfashionably gentle, human optimism in the face of all this, and a sympathetic performance from Chatterjee makes it plausible.
Quietly effective, acted with resource and directed with the kind of patient skill it needs.
The film is full of fabrics and shimmer and embroiderings of light and colour, giving a slender story the shy blush of art.
Rich and subtle in its characterisation, Brick Lane is an enlightening tale about the breadth and depth of ordinary lives, how they intersect with history, and where they remain hidden away.
The kind of meaningless middlebrow sludge that passes for "quality movie-making" in some of the more conservative sectors of the British film industry
Don't expect too many surprises from this low-key story of a Bangladeshi woman who learns to stand on her own two feet after years of stultifying arranged marriage.
Brick Lane is beautifully shot and superbly acted but the story is slow-moving and ultimately rather uneventful.
The daily grind of a Brick Lane Bangladeshi is credibly brought to life in this sensitive and intelligent adaptation of Monica Ali's novel.
Monica Ali's best-selling debut novel about life in London's Bangladeshi quarter gets a sensitive treatment from director Sarah Gavron, deftly condensing its sprawling narrative without sacrificing colour or texture.
Gavron cleverly outlines the closed-in boundaries of Nazneen's Brick Lane.
It's a hard heart that isn't immersed by this delicately told tale.
A depressing, static drama that will have heads lolling backwards and eyes drooping wherever it plays.
Brick Lane is beautifully acted and written (by Abi Morgan and Laura Jones) so its themes are touched upon glancingly rather than with full force.
Depth of character, such a distinctive quality of Ali's book, is sacrificed for simpler strokes and shallower dimensions, with an undue emphasis placed by helmer Sarah Gavron and lenser Robbie Ryan on gorgeous pictures.
Based on Monica Ali's bestselling novel, this is an insightful look at a woman searching across cultural barriers for a place to belong. Not only is it a strong story, but it's great to see such an involving film set in London's Asian-Muslim community.








@highlight

Frustratingly slow-moving, but ultimately saved by Chatterjee's solid acting and Gavron's gentle patience.