Keira wears a series of gorgeous frocks and runs through her full repertoire of smirks and simpers... But if you can look past the dresses and the sullen lips, then you have to admit that [she] delivers another solid performance.
The Duchess doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is: a comfortable, low-calorie morsel of historical drama.
a refreshing look at British royalty, and it will curb your want to be part of that era, age and societal level
Everything you'd expect it to be: a well-acted British period piece with lavish attention to period detail, about discontented characters in a royal family. And that's about it.
At its simplest, it's a gorgeous film with beautiful period costumes and intricate set designs. However, something tells me that's not the level director Saul Dibb wanted to achieve greatest on.
Knightley and Cooper don't ever generate much in the way of chemistry.
Willing to settle for all-around competency instead of excavating history for deeper insights, leaving audiences with another undemanding genre placeholder. [Blu-ray]
Deserves credit for playing things straight %u2013 complete with its moral quagmire and inherent sadness. The performances of Knightley, Fiennes and Atwell really make it work.
...plays like a Masterpiece Theater adaptation of an eighteen-century soap opera.
Hands Keira Knightley another plum leading role and serves as yet another example of how Ralph Fiennes' brooding brand of acting can be successfully employed for all manner of characters.
With striking parallels to the life of her direct descendant, Princess Diana, this stunning film of the tortured love life of Duchess Georgiana Spencer is a triumph for its star, Keira Knightley.
This is a wonderful film.
There's something really special about Kiera Knightly in these period pieces.
Relatively painless, at least by the standards of awards-season chum...
Knightley shines in this tale of grace under pressure.
Husbands and boyfriends, be especially diplomatic when accompanying your dates to The Duchess. This lavish look back at a royal pain and his beleaguered bride is a chick flick with anger issues.
It chronicles the saga of a vibrant and forward-thinking woman hampered by the constraints of a rigid society.
It's disturbingly shallow, focused so tightly on one woman's feelings of repression and loneliness that it lacks any perspective on their causes.
It's not bad. It's not great. It's just there.
A film of elegance, wit and some power that's just a bit too compromised by its rather soapy underpinnings.
Dibb conceived of the right, poignant atmosphere for a glimpse at rarefied 18th-century life but barely read the Cliff's Notes for whose life he was staging, or why he was doing it.
"In the end it may not be much more than a glorified, period-piece soap opera,...but with riveting performances like these, who cares?"
More absorbing and honest than your typical costume drama. Fiennes's performance of the painfully antisocial Duke is impeccable.
You'd think a film where the titular character gets drunk at a party and sets her wig on fire would be more fun.
Underwhelming but serviceable well-crafted 18th-century English period piece costume drama with modern feminist flavorings.
And here we thought Diana was dead.
The film rehabilitates the duchess, sanitizing her behavior
You'll spend a lot of time in The Duchess wondering if the film has a point.
Though sumptuous and well-acted -- especially by Fiennes -- the picture fails to establish Georgiana as a figure just crying out for a film treatment.
It's a beautiful period piece that will send you to a bookstore for a better account of the dirt and vice at its core.
A visually sumptuous, emotionally lacerating melodrama.
Within the sphere they've chosen for their story -- really more of a romantic triangle -- it works.
The problem isn't the history that the filmmakers leave in, but how much they leave out.
It's a curiously inert, workmanlike production: a whole lot of pomp and incircumstance.
The Duchess is largely successful because it manages to offer those degrees of humanity and romance (if not blandness) amidst the rest of its potent, bodice-ripping drama.
Knightley turns in a performance that impresses us with the strength of her character even as we're appalled by the system that produced it.
...a slightly too serious period costume drama
The tightly corseted title noblewoman is less interesting than the tightly wound people who bedevil her.
...has fine performances and is reasonably true to the facts...
Intelligently written, superbly acted, beautiful to look at and happily free of anachronisms.
Knightley, whose glamorous reputation has outstripped her acting talents until now, is subjected to a barrage of close-ups, which could have been disastrous. Yet it isn't. In this one, she really comes of age.
If you love stories with powdered wigs and scandal, you won't want to miss "The Duchess."
(U)nless you are a spinster sans a recognizable love life, or someone with little previous knowledge of the genre, everything here will seem rote, baroque, and exceedingly dull.
[Knightley's] credible performance is definitely one of the best things about this handsome looking-but-inconsistent biographical drama.
The Duchess is clearly Knightley's movie, ultimately rising or falling on her performance. She's up to the task, capturing both the charm and grace that made Georgiana so captivating.
Hums with the rhythms of some of the better Merchant Ivory films.
Dibb and his two co-writers are far more concerned with all the tiresome drawing-room melodrama than they are with Georgiana's influence on society.
The Duchess is an intelligent and compelling period drama that offers a critical examination of the lot of women and the abuses of men in a time when such behavior was standard and acceptable.
The film starts off strong and slowly peters out by the end
The sumptuous dresses and hats are the best and almost the only reason to see the film.
...fell short by not going into Georgiana's only-alluded-to political life outside her marriage.
Director Saul Dibb pretends that all this stuff is new without actually making it so, and Knightley provides a few requisite Oscar clips with her performance.
A mature, restrained portrayal from Knightley, a masterclass in passive aggression from Fiennes and a performance of tender seduction from Atwell.
Now that he seems past his fey middle period, Ralph Fiennes is doing some amazingly good work onscreen.
The film's real power lies with Knightley. She easily could have gone over the emotional top, but instead gives a measured performance that increasingly draws you in.
A handsome costume drama that highlights the relationship between the Cinderella outfits and the restrictive privilege of the society from whence they came.
Knightley seems overly deliberate even in her mischief, and doesn't have Kirsten Dunst's talent for turning acting into a flirtatious game of charades.
Keira Knightley is really splendid...
Relies on energetic chemistry between Knightley and Fiennes but its much ado about nothing.
There is rarely a look at the outside world, and isn't that one of the reasons we watch period pieces? We've been here. We've done this. Period.
...a film that could have been a bold feminist statement becomes fodder for those who just loved The Other Boleyn Girl.
Focuses far too much on the cold accuracy of details than actually emotionally involving the audience in the story. Sumptuous but barren
Delicious in a costume-drama-y way that will delight fans of the genre while being as entirely lightweight as the enormous ostrich feathers on Georgiana's hats...
It seems Princess Diana was not the only royal whose marriage comprised three people. This cinematic and emotionally potent drama set in the 18th century and based on a true story, looks at a menage a trois that is filled with compelling elements
Mouth watering scandal, a juicy love triangle and high powered men behaving badly make this a solid drama about character and society in 18th century England
It's well done, but this 18th-century Fear of Flying left me a little cold.
Fiennes, an actor who disappears into roles like ice in a teacup, makes the Duke a complex and almost sympathetic figure, a bulky, unappealing man whose interests are in all the wrong things.
Provided you don't take it seriously, it makes for an addictively entertaining diversion that's as hard to stop watching as the books are to stop reading.
Beguiling.
Knightley doesn't carry the film, which wouldn't work without Ralph Fiennes' perfectly calibrated performance.
It's unfortunate that the movie tries to make so many oblique comparisons to more modern tragedy (paparazzi with sketchbooks; yes, we get it!), since Georgiana's life seems fascinating enough on its own.
The Duchess gives us a gorgeous world, a detailed picture of a time and place that could have been painted by Constable, Gainsborough or Watteau. But you wouldn't want to live there.
There's nothing here to show us what a remarkable woman Georgiana was, if indeed she was at all.
It isn't just eye candy; there's an active intelligence behind this design.
Though extravagantly pretty, The Duchess still manages to be a costume drama in which the drama survives the costumes.
It's easy to joke about Knightley's fondness for period dramas. But we shouldn't underestimate her ability to channel the historic and modern into one compelling figure -- or her grasp of the power of dress-up to free performance.
I'm not sure why The Duchess doesn't wholly succeed, because the pieces are all there and they're very watchable.
Sure, The Duchess is a lavish exercise in style over substance, but it's a well-crafted, superbly acted one.
This is scandal-mongering fun that also lays bare the deforming power of the male aristocracy.
[Viewers] may wish to heed the marital advice Georgiana's mother offers early in the film: 'Equip yourself with patience, fortitude, and resignation.'
The Duchess is this season's "painted cinema." All the colors are there and it's never hard to look at, but it's ultimately as two-dimensional as a trip to the art gallery.
It is easy to become immersed in the plight of these characters whose story is profoundly moving and satisfying.
I wouldn't call The Duchess boring; it held my attention. But if you came upon it while channel-surfing, you probably wouldn't stop.
All the tawdry behind-closed-doors shenanigans of a daytime talk show, but none of the excitement. It's as if the characters are as bored as we are.
Georgiana seems to get dumber as the years go on instead of learning how to play the game. Blame the hats and rent Atonement.
There is nothing in "The Duchess" that hasn't been seen in the countless number of historical melodramas that crop up at awards season every year.
The Duchess fails to define either the personal or political dramas in an exciting way. It's a costume drama that gets the costumes right, but not the drama.
While I much liked The Duchess, this portrait feels unfinished.
The Duchess is a handsome historical film, impeccably mounted, gowned, wigged and feathered.
The Duchess is a lumbering number that takes its identity as a costume drama quite literally: How many outfits, and how well Keira Knightley wears them, are the only things that matter.
We already had one Other Boleyn Girl this year, but even as the occasional blip of droll humor breaks up the monotony and 'tell me something I don't know' developments, it's still quite a dullard's affair.
Though screenwriter Jeffrey Hatcher has stuffed plenty of high-octane incidents into his script, none of them really register.
...a sumptuous period piece, well acted amidst stunning production design and costuming. Here's hoping those intrigued by the film's heroine will be inspired to read "Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire."
Not just another royal goddess in a gilded cage costume drama, the film couldn't be more current now, when women bidding for the highest political offices are told to go home and take care of their kids or iron male shirts. Sexual subversion in corsets.
The filmmakers hope we see parallels with Georgiana and the life of Princess Diana, who somehow found a way to channel her pain into good. And they are there, to be sure.
It's elegantly mounted and never dull -- and always easy on the eyes.
a plaster cast of a movie. All the form of a cinematic event with none of the color, it turns a life that was fascinating into a film that is merely interesting
Focusing on the costumes and frippery, rather than the inherent drama of Georgiana Spencer's dilemma, diminishes its impact.
A great life, and its depiction produces a treasury of costuming and hairdressing flair to hide the relationship and drama within drawing room walls.
Princess Di deserves livelier revisionism.
It's a gorgeous production that boasts a beautiful leading lady, handsome locations (nicely captured by cinematographer Gyula Pados), drop-dead costume design and the standard-issue tropes of a PG-13 rated bodice ripper.
Fiennes and Knightley are exceptional in their roles and Dibb proves himself ably in his first big-budget flick.
Knightley is up to the task. Her Georgiana is history with a human face.
Things unfold as neatly, and slowly, as a minuet, but there's none of the messiness of life. And that's a shame.
Knightley is a paper doll around whom the movie wraps hoop skirts and 21st century victimology.
Thanks to Fiennes, we come to understand the enigmatic duke as the immovable object deeply perplexed at having to contend with the unstoppable force that is his wife. It is a quietly complex performance almost beyond words.
Considerable talent lifts this wallowing soap opera up to a more powerful and accomplished level.
Human desire hasn't changed much in 300 years, it would seem.
Period drama delves into some heavy themes.
With its seductive period settings, glorious costumes and the stellar pairing of Keira Knightley and Ralph Fiennes, it is difficult to see how The Duchess could fail to stir significant interest.
The main problem with The Duchess is that it offers up nothing we haven't seen before.
The Duchess is an overstuffed, intellectually underbaked portrait of a poor little rich girl.
Nice try, but the contemporary parallels are just an empty echo.
Knightley's star magic is her ability to express unhappiness as an erotic tonic.
satisfies those seeking not only a gorgeous period piece, but a meaty slice of royal history
It's Knightley who makes The Duchess a royal treat.
Sadly, we see more of [Knightley's] boudoir than her brain, the main downfall of this no-expense-spared lavish period piece.
Knightley's wig gets bigger and bigger as the character grows more unhappy, until finally it catches fire — leading to the potentially immortal line, "Please put out Her Grace's hair."
This riveting, beautifully acted and directed film ranks with the best I've seen this year to date.
The Duchess recalls Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette, in that it's about bed-hopping and courtly ritual during a time of revolution.
The picture is a winner, thanks in no small part to Knightley and her accomplished ability to communicate utter despair with only a faint ripple of her porcelain features.
The events on screen are ultimately as slight as Knightley's frame.
[Knightley] breathes real life into the role of Georgiana Cavendish, an 18th century aristocrat with striking parallels to another, more modern, British notable.
The Duchess is the best women's movie of the summer. Don't get too excited.
A heart-affecting drama about a beautiful 18th century woman imprisoned in a cage of wealth and privilege.
Just a handsomely appointed but lugubrious period soap opera centered on one of the distant ancestors of the so-called 'People's Princess.'
'The Duchess' is worth seeing if only for the magnificent costumes and sets.
A worthwhile addition to a genre that's been driven into the ground by weaker filmmakers who know where to rent the costumes, but don't understand the importance of storytelling.
As tepid peruke-and-corset periods go, The Duchess goes down with relative ease.
[The filmmakers] have accomplished their goal of making the unorthodox life of the late-18th-century noblewoman Georgiana Spencer, Duchess of Devonshire, relevant to a 21st-century audience of moviegoers.
Knightley does the best she can to enliven such thin Masterpiece Theatre material, but eventually, the sheer emptiness of the pageantry wears her -- and us -- out.
It has impeccable production values but feels like a Masterpiece Theater production of a Harlequin romance novel.
It looks like outtakes from the nauseating bubble-gum fantasy Marie Antoinette.
In the hands of a filmmaker with an actual point of view--Sally Potter, say, or Mike Leigh--this could be a potentially inflammatory tale. But with TV vet Saul Dibb at the helm, it's just a story about a woman who makes one mistake after another.
Lovers of sumptuous photography and dazzling costumes will be much pleased: those who want more discussions of politics might be otherwise.
Although it skims the surface, The Duchess is an uncommonly well-crafted historical feminist tearjerker -- both anti-patriarchal and a monument to motherhood.
Saul Dibb's foamy adaptation of Amanda Foreman's "Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire" focuses its soft soap attention so much on its leading lady's personal struggles that it all but leaves out the story's broiling 18th century political and social context
Its real tragedy is that it never lets gain an understanding of that woman, and thus, in the end is little more than yet another fluff period drama with some nice costumes.
The Duchess is an emotionally engaging drama with a terrific central performance from Keira Knightley. Recommended.
He has tried to make Georgiana's quest for independence - her attempt to gain power via the media and the Whigs - just as gritty. Against the odds, he mostly succeeds.
You'll find yourself less fixated on inner turmoil than whether you could feasibly slip a cocktail sausage between her perma-pouting lips.
Can we not just enjoy what's on the screen without being spoon-fed a specious modern analogy? Dibb and his team - especial plaudits to Michael Carlin's production design and Michael O'Connor's costumes - have worked honourably to persuade us that we can.
"Banality of banalities, all is banality," saith the critic emerging from The Duchess as he hums the locations, wigs and furniture.
For period drama fans there is enough high-powered bed-hopping and elegant corridor-stomping to keep them entertained.
The Duchess lacks the high romance of Pride And Prejudice and the tragic depth of Atonement, it is a decent example of English heritage cinema.
The main event here is frock porn.
From ballrooms to bedrooms, we've seen it all before. And while familiarity doesn't necessarily breed contempt, it does have a habit of nudging the snooze button.
There is, however, much to enjoy. The cinematography, settings and costumes are glorious. Knightley gives a nuanced and often very moving performance, although Georgiana's love affair with the politician Charles Grey (Dominic Cooper) is remarkably lacking
Dibb's movie looks good, but there is something exasperatingly bland and slow-moving at all times. Unlike the heroine, he never takes much of a risk.
For beneath the hype and tabloid traction, the movie is dramatically flaccid.
A guilty pleasure. Less historical drama, more high-class soap opera.
He's also helped enormously by a mature, restrained portrayal from Knightley, a masterclass in passive aggression from Fiennes and a performance of tender seduction from Atwell.
For Knightley the part fits like a corset - it's an enigmatic, free-spirited turn and a role she'll be remembered for, probably her best role to date in a film not directed by Joe Wright.
Has riveting parallels with much more recent British royal family history. It's also an entertaining, emotional drama.
Ralph Fiennes steals it as the dour duke in a splendid under-performance. His "Please put Her Grace's hair out" when his wife's wig catches alight at a party is perfectly done.
It could have been an intriguing, poignant saga of a modern marriage and extraordinary femme, but what we get is a trashy melodrama that can't decide how sensationalistic to be
For all its luscious period trappings and Keira Knightley's spirited take on the title role, Saul Dibb's handsome biopic reveals little about how Georgiana Spencer Cavendish became one of 18th-century London's most celebrated and influential aristocrats.
Solid but distant melodrama about the flamboyant 18th century Duchess of Devonshire.








@highlight

While The Duchess treads the now-familiar terrain of the corset-ripper, the costumes look great and Keira Knightley's performance is stellar in this subtly feminist, period drama.