... a sweet tragicomedy... [Full review in Spanish]
Although Mr. Jones's film has a myriad of other problems, the casting of Mr. De Niro is impossible to get past.
Jones's efforts to re-tool the Italian original for an American audience prove disappointing. The comedy is broader, the dramatic crises have been sweetened and the ending has an uplift that was entirely missing from the original.
66 year-old Robert De Niro accomplishes what may be his bravest role of the last two decades by simply choosing to play a real old man in Kirk Jones? Everybody?s Fine.
What makes the unabashedly sentimental package work a lot better than it should is Robert De Niro.
...an unapologetically sentimental drama...
A recently widowed retiree embarks on a cross-country journey to visit each of his children, expecting to find them as happy and successful as their stories painted them.
A film with a few inspired moments - mostly towards the end - sprinkled in with a whole lot of awkward, even mean, portions. The result is a major disappointment.
De Niro does quietly affecting work, but he canâ(TM)t elevate a pat Family Rediscovering Each Other drama into anything much above afternoon TV movie fodder.
Forget Hollywood remakes; this is one film Iâ(TM)d like to see reworked by an arthouse director and a pack of actors with smaller names and bigger reserves of subtlety.
Itâ(TM)s a little like About Schmidt minus the sly wit, subtlety and directorial flair.
A refreshingly open, untricksy performance from De Niro, and very possibly the harbinger of an excellent late period for him as an actor. As for the film, well "fine" is what can reasonably be said.
Its essential niceness should not be discounted; niceness is a rare commodity in films today.
Itâ(TM)s a four-square set-up, but with only the barest flicker of familial friction heating the undercooked drama.
Everybody's Fine has tearjerker ambitions but it's so shamefully manipulative that by the time it reaches its finale you can't help but feel like you've been beaten over the head with a feel good stick.
Despite the title, nobody in this film is fine. But, if youâ(TM)re in the mood for a well-acted drama that will strum obstinately at those heartstrings, youâ(TM)ve got it.
Crisply shot and framed with care, itâ(TM)s certainly easy on the eye. But a script that didnâ(TM)t take life so seriously would have left everybody feeling a lot finer.
A low-key family drama that leaves no cliché safe in its quest to make everyone weep buckets. The best to hope for is that it may persuade you to reconnect with your own family. Aah.
De Niro is not at his best playing nice - in fact, he's boring and so is the film. Actually, it's worse than that. It's pseudoredemptive tosh.
Robert De Niro's latest would-be weepy, Everybody's Fine, may remind you of About Schmidt's less-interesting brother. In fact, the title says it all - it's neither good nor bad, just deeply OK.
Disappointment that it isn't what a De Niro movie used to be - powerful, challenging and edgy. Now his movies are weak and clichéd with a mushy centre.
De Niro alone is worth watching, even if one suspects the pain on his face comes from the script he must speak rather than the story he must enact.
De Niro, while initially expressionless, gives the film a heart. Barrymore and Beckinsale stay one-dimensionally cute. A weepie that wholly fails to make you weep.
Everybody's Fine is unavoidably sentimental. Writer/director Kirk Jones is not ashamed to tug at the heartstrings but he also invests the film with enough truth and insight to elevate it beyond a crass weepy.
Tapping into parental abandonment issues, it's an occasionally touching, if frustratingly one-note drama - played, relentlessly, on a tinkly-sad piano.
It's mushy, fake and full of hopelessly silly feelgood sentiment. Nobody could transcend this, not even De Niro - nor Sam Rockwell, the best of the supporting players.
A beautifully shot drama that's worth seeing for the performances, but it never quite delivers the required emotional punch.
Cloying sentimentality threatens to overwhelm this quiet character study about a widower trying to reconnect with his children.
Mushier than a half-chewed rusk. And while that doesn't necessarily make it a bad movie, it DOES make it a syrupy one - with enough hugging and learning to triple your cholesterol during the 100-minute run-time.
That's not to say that it's not unbearably sentimental and formulaic at times, but the cast is fairly solid and it's nice to see DeNiro back in a role that's, if not exactly challenging, at least dignified.
De Niro steals the show with a subtle, charismatic and moving performance.
Everybody's Fine amounts to a mawkish load of Raging Bull.
The moments of comedy - and the childhood flashbacks - are beautifully crafted. With 66-year-old De Niro giving one of his most subtle performances for years.
If DeNiro was the John Wayne of New Hollywood, then this is his The Quiet Man.
The predictable wrapup comes too late with too little impact to snap us out of the depression induced by Jones' exercise in disillusionment.
Your stage in life will likely determine your ability to see the truth and subtle power in this gentle and worthwhile film though its certainly not a seasonal spirit lifter.
This bittersweet family road film about a man trying to forge new connections to his children and grandchildren is powered by a strong Robert De Niro performance.
De Niro digs into Frank with relish without overplaying his hand.
Not a reinvention of the wheel, but this sensitively told remake of Giuseppe Tornatore's same-named 1991 Italian film slots in respectably as the holiday season's obligatory commercial drama of familial reconciliation.
Writer-director Kirk Jones makes an unhealthy number of unwise decisions, from pacing to casting to his mise en scene selections.
Once you realize where all this has to go, watching the movie becomes a matter of marking time to get to the warmly desired closing credits.
De Niro returns from the cinematic wilderness in "Everybody's Fine."
A bittersweet story of family loss and lies by omission, 'Everybody's Fine' isn't so much a laugh fest as a dramedy.
It's schmaltzy and a tad melodramatic, but it doesn't pander, gently plucking our heartstrings when it could have hammered away.
Is it anything special? No, not really. But it's an agreeable and even touching little snapshot of family life.
... earnest piffle ...
hough Bobby won't make you forget Marcello Mastroianni's Matteo Scuro, the once-great thespian doesn't coast here in his understated performance as widower Frank Goode.
A cynic may consider "Everybody's Fine" schmaltzy hogwash; others may want to call or write their fathers just to remind them that they are loved and not forgotten.
Robert De Niro if fine but everyone else isn't and neither is the movie.
Everybody's fine. So is this movie. Fine and forgettable.
...we've now taken a trip to the dysfunctional family well one time too many.
I didn't feel like I was watching characters who were related to each other. Every scene they are in, I felt like I was watching movie stars meeting each other for the first time.
More critics hated Everybody's Fine than loved it, by a long shot. They called it sappy, cliché and trite. Maybe their families alienated them after years of spoiling the ending to movies, and now they're taking it out on the rest of us.
What could have been a slight, even cloying tale of miscommunications, becomes in De Niro's hands a genuinely heart-wrenching story of people's good intentions gone awry
Yes, it's your typical movie about family relations at holiday time. But, DeNiro is great and well worth the price of a ticket. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Everybody's Fine is a holiday flick about a man in crisis. It quietly wonders how someone can know his children for 30 or more years and not really know a thing about them.
Begins as merely intolerable and ends up borderline-reprehensible.
A phony premise made tolerable only by the efforts of a strong cast.
Frank's essential irony -- his inability to communicate on top of his presumption that he communicates well -- is italicized repeatedly in Everybody's Fine.
The simple, direct mode of the telephone lines Frank covered so carefully has splintered into a dozen ways of staying in touch, ways that can as easily be frustrating.
Promising start, but it unravels with an ill-advised confrontation scene and an ending that rings false.
With that foundation and such a stellar cast, it's tough to see how this American remake could be so lacklustre -- but it is.
If nothing else (and there ain't much else), Everybody's Fine does prove one thing: Even an actor with the gifts of Robert De Niro can't make bland interesting.
There's no challenge to this material, no real emotional pull, it's one of those films that simply rolls by until its right-from-the-beginning predictable ending.
This is sentimental but dramatically solid.
False to the core.
A movie with plenty of meaning and emotion, but gets too coy with some of the details and surprises.
De Niro's dysfunctional family drama is touching but mature.
No feel-bad-feel-good film should be this chilly.
Contains an honest, thoughtful, relatively unmannered De Niro performance...
The recipe's gone wrong with this annual Hollywood chestnut: No spice? No fun? Can't we exchange this for something that we might enjoy a bit more?
Frank's joy about his children's successes is held captive in the man's small suitcase.
Though De Niro gives a strong performance as a loving, if not always perceptive, dad, the film takes a treacly turn, grows truly sad and never fully recovers.
Throughout the film, writer/director Kirk Jones doles out information piecemeal, so we're ultra-conscious of someone behind the scenes who is manipulating us. And not doing a very good job of it.
Everybody's Fine -- a more subtle film than its advertising indicates -- works because it has a feel for little things.
The gag-inducing melodrama "Everybody's Fine" hails from Kirk Jones, whose phone calls, kisses and hugs no longer will be returned the moment this baby hits theaters.
Expect an uncomfortable moment while watching Everybody's Fine. You're not the only one who edits events and polishes the truth to protect your parents -- and yourself. Worse, they know it.
A simple story told in a very unique way. I will never think of telephone wires the same ever again.
A richly developed dramatic comedy about parenting, family secrets, and the toxic fallout from high expectations and pressure to succeed advanced by so many well-meaning fathers.
Let the sentiment reveal itself. Don't veer into sentimentality. Don't push. Just trust the story. That's the whole trick with a movie like Everybody's Fine.
The movie works because so much of what's on screen will resonate with viewers.
Everybody should see Everybody's Fine. But one piece of advice: Phone home first.
Americans and their perverse obsession with happy endings. Especially during the holidays. Ba Humbug!
As for DeNiro, it's hard to say if he's lost interest in acting or simply in the parts that are available to him as he's gotten older.
Pretty much the Marley and Me of this holiday season, except in the place of an adorable yellow lab there's adorable Robert De Niro.
Parental Content Review
It wastes a good cast and a potentially moving premise by hammering the sentimentality home so relentlessly that the Paul McCartney tune that plays over the end credits comes across as tough as nails by comparison.
The film wobbles in limbo between affecting scenes that feel honest and don't push too hard, and others that drip with manipulation and pandering artifice. By the end, the latter unsavory sentiments win out.
Rockwell and Barrymore share a few involving moments with De Niro, but just as Frank has trouble cracking the kids' facades, the film has trouble finding depth in a pat, predictable script.
Another actor might have greedily milked the story's pathos quotient (believe me, there are plenty of opportunities). But De Niro hangs back, and the approach works.
It's offensive, really, this blatant pandering to emotions.
It's a manipulative guiltfest that drags its feet more sluggishly than its elderly protagonist.
Jones clumsily establishes that De Niro's trade was producing telephone wires. And yet he can't communicate with his kids, see? The film includes so many shots of phone poles you'd think it was an AT&T documentary.
Some well-observed details and a credible performance from Robert De Niro help make it feel genuine now and again before it collapses into simplistic and sentimental clichés.
Ultimately, Everybody's Fine becomes a holiday movie of rare sweetness; one likely to inspire a few calls home to Mom or Dad.
De Niro plays his character completely contained, afraid to brim or overflow with emotion. The more he pulls back, the more he pulls in the audience.
Every parent in the theater will be cursing director Kirk Jones as they honk their way through several dollars worth of Kleenex.
...thinks it's a heartwarming Christmas entry about family, but it's really an unnecessary remake with a name cast floundering about under hapless writing and directing.
The movie feels tentative and strained. It's one of the bigger cinematic disappointments of late.
It takes some effort to neutralize the charm of a modestly charismatic Robert De Niro performance. But Everybody's Fine does a stupendous job.
Even more than the remake that it is, Everybody's Fine plays like a homogenized, Hallmark Channel version of About Schmidt, with all the rough edges shaved off.
a movie that can't help but tidy up after itself, taking its title perhaps a touch too seriously.
Touching without slipping into a cloying routine, hitting a sweet spot of regret that I'm certain most filmgoers around the ages of these characters will be able to relate to in some way or another.
To dismiss Everybody's Fine as clichéd holiday schmaltz is to stereotype without appreciating the finer details. Clearly working within an established genre without the gall to overstep his boundaries, Jones elevates the material by showing conside
What's finest about Everybody's Fine is to watch a good fella groping hopefully toward old age.
Everybody's Fine -- a movie about the lies grown children tell their parents -- is, ironically, one of the most disingenuous movies to come out of Hollywood in a while.
A thoroughly fake movie with trite characters that is about, of all things, the need for truthfulness.
Tornatore offered us brutal truths; Jones sells us a greeting card.
Has many sweet moments, but tends to veer into territory that's overly sentimental and saccharine.
As obvious and contrived as the original...[with] Robert De Niro in one of the 'regular guy' roles he occasionally takes on--only to prove that he isn't suited to them.
It's a relief to see Robert De Niro giving an honest, effective starring performance in a project that does not stink and that, in fact, rises to a respectable level of filmmaking proficiency. How long has it been?
Holiday movies should make you appreciate family, and the film, which explores lies that are meant to protect, is a warm-hearted ode to real connections and imperfections.
All that could redeem this thoroughly foreseeable unfolding would be colorful characters and good acting. Everybody's Fine comes close, but not close enough.
Sanitized and colorless.
Everybody's Fine is a fitting title. The movie may well be fine. But it could have been a lot better.
Everyone works well under the perfunctory direction of Kirk Jones, but even with an easily resolved fade-out replete with turkey and cranberry sauce, Everybody's Fine has the look and taste of leftovers.
Written and directed by British director Kirk Jones with guidance, apparently, from Dr. Phil...
A tolerably sober alternative to holiday froth at the mutliplex.
De Niro offers a master class of mannered, minimalist acting.
It's all so much raging bull.
De Niro brings jolts of depth and feeling to a treacly premise. An amazing flashback scene pits a recalcitrant De Niro against a group of needy child actors who cannot match his profundity.
Jones... has pulled off a little miracle with this lovely, lovely movie...
Low-key family drama showcases a different side of star Robert De Niro.
Robert De Niro is the 'Everydad' in this sad and thoughtful family holiday film that will make you call your own father to tell him you love him.
Some might say poetic. Some might say, "oh please."
One of the few Robert De Niro roles in recent memory that doesn't equate acting with histrionics...one of the quietest performances of his career, yet one of the most moving.
Poignant, if occasionally schmaltzy - it's a very touching family story, full of humor, heart and wisdom.
In his career-debasement race against Al Pacino, must Robert De Niro inflict a moribund genre botch like Everybody's Fine on the public just in time to grinch us up for Christmas?
Americanized remakes of foreign hits often miss what made those properties work in the first place, but Jones, DeNiro and company know less is more in this instance and deliver a work that's very fine indeed.
Based on Giuseppe Tornatore's 1990 film "Stanno tutti bene," writer/director Kirk Jones fulfills the material's dramatic demands without putting too fine a point on Frank's emotional awakening. But it's De Niro's naturalistic performance that captures you
The ironically titled Everybody's Fine, a remake of the whimsical Italian weepie, boasts tenderly crafted geriatric redemption, along with seasoned actor De Niro likewise maturing down a more quietly contemplative and introspective path.
Everybody's Fine is a nice picture about a dysfunctional family which keeps secrets. It should appeal to nice, dysfunctional, secretive people in the audience -- which probably is the majority.
Under the helm and pen of Kirk Jones what was a sensitive and touching dramedy in Tornatore's 1990 film has become conventional, predictable and schmaltzy, forcing the actors, especially the estimable De Niro, to emote in a big way.
The film's finale is so generically feel-good that it's hard to feel much of anything watching it.
The film is rigorously streamlined to deliver a good emotional uppercut by the end, and purely on the strength of its craft, it connects.






@highlight

A calm, charismatic performance from Robert De Niro nearly saves the movie, but ultimately, Everybody's Fine has the look and feel of a stereotypical Christmas dramedy.