Despite the emotional contrast, the film is enlightening and clear in what it tells and shows. [Full review in Spanish]
For a film about finessing texts, there isn't much finesse in Genius.
The movie is as in love with words and their power as Tom is.
Genius is a work of admiration and curiosity, but it is simply not a work of genius, so that's regrettable.
Genius isn't necessarily a mighty movie. But it's a very good one.
If you're looking for a spectacular visual experience, this isn't it. But if you're interested in writers and editors, this film is for you.
Unimaginative literary biopic.
Any film that takes literature this seriously deserves some credit.
A film about literature that is neither literary nor cinematic and it gives the impression that wants to get away from the solemn to reach the popular, but ends up being superficial. [Full review in Spanish]
A valuable film because of its story and its attractive cultural background, than by its (irregular) artistic results, which owes its most exciting moments to Colin Firth. [Full review in Spanish]
The problem of the film is that the promised magnetism of the story it's hardly found in the screen. [Full review in Spanish]
Genius may have its failings but it glows with a shared wonder of the world and of the written word.
A film that, despite suffering for the performances of their cast, turns out to be an excellent story and an homage to literal art. [Full review in Spanish]
Grandage's debut, based on the novel Max Perkins: Editor of genius, is a very interesting film supported by the performances of a great cast. [Full review in Spanish]
Genius remains tightly focused on the relationship between Wolfe and Perkins. When their bromance begins to unravel, it feels like a love affair drawing to a close (though the story never makes that suggestion).
Law's Wolfe is a solipsistic blowhard and Firth's Perkins has the patience of a saint, when what one wishes happened was that he had delivered a swift kick to the writer's pants and sent him packing.
Genius ends up being terrifically boring, while enthusiastically reproducing the creative hierarchies of the time it portrays.
This is that rare bromance movie in which the lads are less connected via women and drugs than by their intense, cerebral pursuits.
The biographical Genius is uneven, and that imbalanced focus-the same thing that novelist Thomas Wolfe needed help with all those years ago-is its weakest element.
Documenting the inner life of creative artists and their world is challenging at best... 'Genius' manages to capture the grandiose dreams of both infamous writer, Wolfe, and his long-fabled editor...
Too often literal rather than literary, stagey rather than cinematic, Genius can't live up to its title, and ultimately its good intentions are undone by mediocre instincts.
Using his trademark ability to blend dour disdain with puppy-eyed sympathy, Colin Firth forms an evenly weighted narrative footing as Perkins, while Jude Law indulges every thespian fibre in his body to push out pain and inspiration as Wolfe.
Law's larger-than-life Wolfe keeps this from being nothing more than a lovely bore.
I wouldn't call Genius inspired, but not for nothing it inspired me to pick up Look Homeward, Angel for the first time.
Logan has penned an engaging script, and he and Grandage have assembled a luminous cast.
The film is a captivating example of superb acting and writing, not to be missed by serious cinephiles.
A rousing literary drama about writing, editing, publishing, the clashing of egos, and the waning of winning friendships.
It sacrifices depth and context in favor of overwrought confrontations and emotional contrivances that make its artistic portrait seem slight.
[T]he real drama of Genius ... has a secure foundation in the realm of ideas.
Genius sings the praises of Wolfe's explosive talent but comes across as fussy and prim in its own style. If you're going to get romantic about a writer, this is not the way to do it.
One of storytelling's most overworked clichés - the great artist as insufferable human being - gets a full workout in "Genius," a labored true-life drama that is someone's bad idea for Oscar bait.
For anyone with any degree of appreciation for writing or literature or unsung heroes, "Genius" is definitely worth a look.
Not nearly as smart as it should be.
"Genius" deals with the creative ego, its trappings and the need everyone has for an editor.
Well-written, gorgeously shot, and expertly edited, the film is also an exasperating exercise in good intentions gone wrong.
Perhaps the best advertisement for Genius -- not only did it make me want to revisit Berg's book, it had me lining up the Wolfe, Fitzgerald and Hemingway on the e-book runway.
Perkins' joylessness weighs down a film already heavy with a sepia-toned palette and filled with dust motes and rain, its Depression-era look turning into actual depression.
The results are decidedly underwhelming despite a deluxe cast.
Genius, courtesy of some natural modesty and taste, is about a legendary American friendship and it is treated with respect.
Firth and Law falter with their characters' awkward bromance: the former a fatherly cipher (will he ever take off that fedora?); the latter a clatter of drunken scribe clichés.
Despite the characters and the subject matter, the film is underwhelming, though Firth's acting is a masterwork of understatement.
An intriguing study of the personalities and torturous process behind some of the early 20th century's great writing.
Those interested in Wolfe and his enduring legacy would be better off reading one of his novels than seeing this film.
There is plenty of genius on display, but the film, sadly, never comes close to being the equal of its subjects.
Good editors strive to make themselves invisible, which is what makes this affectionate biopic of Maxwell Perkins-who guided Hemingway, Fitzgerald, and Thomas Wolfe into print-such an odd surprise.
It's not bad, Genius, but it could have been great, and that's the disappointment.
If you squint, you can see the thoughtful prestige drama that screenwriter John Logan and director Michael Grandage were trying to make, but it's lost in a thicket of stereotypes and metaphors.
It's only outside the workplace, on the streets of New York ca. 1929 or paying a visit to a small blues bar for an impromptu rendition of "Flow Gently Sweet Afton," that the film comes to life.
It ultimately leaves you cold, empty and aware of why stories about literary life make uninteresting movies.
The film has its fascinating moments. The performances aren't really among them.
It makes for half-baked drama.
While Firth does a fine and honorable job interpreting Perkins, it's a tight performance with very, very few offhanded moments. Meantime Law gives it his all, acting up a storm, going whole hog with Wolfe's Carolina dialect.
Perhaps the strength of the film - and the chief reason I'm recommending it - is that it challenges us to define genius for ourselves.
Law's performance is so big -- snake-like movements, a broad Southern drawl -- you'd think he was doing a solo stage show. There's no room for anyone else.
Is it ironic or merely inevitable that a film about the challenges of editing great writers should emerge still needing more passes in the screenplay department?
Peel back the cheese and half-done parts for Perkins' family, and the central parable on loneliness, friendship and business would survive most editors' pencils.
Very low-key but extremely well-acted.
The film struggles mightily to dramatize the work of reading, writing, and editing, with loud scratches of red pencil on paper.
Is Genius a great film? I won't go that far, but it is intelligent and entertaining. And moving. I'll take that.
This is something that rhymes with 'blatant Shmoscarbait,' pure and simple, and it will get worse before it gets better.
Genius goes and breaks one of the key tenets of the editorial process: it makes assumptions early and often, largely about how consequential its events seem to be.
John Logan's script is a jigsaw puzzle of clichés, and Michael Grandage's direction is antiseptic, but a few moments ... conjure the editor's forceful devotion.
There's probably a great story about Wolfe's genius in relation to his apparent madness, but "Genius" has edited it all out.
As lethargic, stilted and clunky as a bad made-for-TV movie despite strong performances by Colin Firth and Jude law.
Their story is rich with themes about creative work and concerns about legacy, and how they can interfere with friendships and marriages and being a decent human being.
Is it too much? Well, sure. Genius is more Thomas Wolfe than Max Perkins, you might say.
...a drab, dark, slow movie with absolutely no chemistry between or among any of the players...the color so washed out that it might as well have been in black & white.
For all its tony trappings, the presentation of genius in Genius is purest Hollywood.
Satisfying portrayal of literary legends has mature themes.
Alas: the film is dull as tombs, partly because it's very hard to make the work of actually writing and editing look fun or even just interesting (I speak here from some knowledge).
The two stars play off each other masterfully. Law's Wolfe is a force of nature...hair flying, arms spread. Firth's Perkins - his felt fedora seemingly pasted to his head, even at the family dinner table - remains a heroically stoic presence.
It could be that I see so many dumb movies these days that I'm inclined to cut a lot of slack for one of conspicuous intelligence, but I greatly enjoyed "Genius."
While Law overacts wildly, Firth is unwaveringly dull and glum and plodding, much like the movie itself.
Frankly, it is just refreshing to see a film that believes Wolfe's prose is worthy of feature treatment. It is a highly literate film that respects American culture.
The quiet dignity and integrity of Firth's performance is a tribute to all whose art is a life of service.
'Genius' scores for near monochromatic visualization of Depression era New York and New Canaan, the daring red of a woman's hat standing out in a drizzly male world out of a 1934 photograph.
It makes a convincing argument for viewing Thomas Wolfe's work as a product of the excess and exuberance of the 1920s.
"Genius" represents a failed opportunity to get at the heart of the creative process.
There are things to appreciate about "Genius" and its belief in the necessity of good editing, but when Kidman utters a line like "Human beings aren't fiction!" you may feel like pulling out a red pen of your own.
Perkins' gifts are clearly on display, but the movie asks us to take Wolfe's brilliance on trust. That's a fatal weakness.
It's dispiriting to see a movie about interesting real-life characters reduce them to clichés, making them less vivid, less fascinating, less charismatic than they must have been.
A few tortured glances from Guy Pearce as Fitzgerald are worth far more than an hour and a half of Law bellowing Wolfe's prose.
Thrilling when it gets into the nitty gritty of literary editing, and thumb-twiddling when it does anything else
"Genius" may be a bit stodgy and safe, but it tells a story of beauty - as it plays out in an improbably fruitful friendship, and as it's discovered within vast expanses of raw language by a craftsman who was arguably an artist in his own right.
Screenwriter John Logan (Gladiator, Skyfall) keeps things lively, his fleet wit enlivening the formulaic nature of the story, much as he does in another period piece, Penny Dreadful.
Without fundamentally establishing such stakes, the film's attempt to dramatize the interpersonal conflict between Wolfe and Perkins remains at best lifelessly theoretical.
I was spellbound.
For those interested in this rich period in American literature, it's a treat.
Non-essential but oddly delightful.
If you can get past the spectacle of British and Australian actors portraying some of the most important figures of 20th-century American literature, Genius is a good example of a prestige pic that is not only literate but surprisingly vibrant.
A misfire from distinguished stage director Michael Grandage about the artistic and emotional interplay between Thomas Wolfe and fabled Scribner's editor Maxwell Perkins.
The movie made Thomas Wolfe into a lovable child, and Max Perkins into a saint. It turned the '30s into a few men on souplines and forgot the wars and the politics and the feuds and the simple damn sense of possibility.
The movie-dutifully shot in shades of old-timey sepia-does get better as its staginess falls away, but far too much drama stays on the page.
It might be an age-old story of writer vs. editor (creativity vs. oppression), but Jude Law's portrayal of Thomas Wolfe elevates the safely plotted Genius.
A theatrical piece with cinematic flair.
Genius is more satisfying than many recent traditional biopics, and, oddly, by embracing caricature-like portrayals, the film is able to tap into its simple but humble pleasures.
It coasts to a standstill when they part company in the final act. Still, that only underlines the film's point. Neither of the men is a genius without the other man there beside him.
Wolfe himself is atrociously over-played by Jude Law, as a fount of energy, waving his arms about, talking nineteen to the dozen, irrepressible - very soon, you certainly want him repressed.
Survives off the infectious energy that Jude Law's Thomas Wolfe provides.
Genius is a lesson in the differences between film and theatre as mediums.
All the blaring trumpets and martinis the director can fling us as jazzy background don't save the film from being very unappealingly lit indeed - full of drab, grey interiors, it's halfway to monochrome.
Genius nudges its nose, or maybe just the brim of its fedora, ahead of a lot of prestige biopics.
Genius is the sort of period re-creation where everyone seems to be wearing 80-year-old costumes.
Large chunks of the film are dramatically inert, and those that aren't are dominated by a performance by Law which feels too big for the screen.
The story of Perkins' collaboration and friendship with Wolfe remains stubbornly resistant both to drama and emotion.
Red pencils at the ready. This one needs a going over.

@highlight

Genius seeks to honor worthy subjects, yet never gets close enough to the titular quality to make watching worth the effort.