... a startling, disturbing, moving portrait of the male orca known as Tilikum, who currently resides at SeaWorld Orlando.
Forcing killer whales to wave a fin at audiences from their watery jail cell is an inherent immorality that is brought thrashing to the surface in this documentary.
You won't forget Cowperthwaite's documentary, and you shouldn't.
The product of Gabriela's research-alongside co-writer Eli B. Despres-is the riveting documentary Blackfish.
Must be seen by audiences, and should be mandatory for wildlife lovers and advocates, so we can prevent another corrupt organization like Seaworld from ever rising to prominence again.
Really great documentaries are like zeitgeist napalm; and Blackfish carries the torch.
For all it's artistic shortcomings, though, I really hope that this movie is able to instigate some kind of change in the way we treat orcas, or at least how we think about them.
Powerful, heartbreaking, disturbing doc about captive orcas.
Perhaps the documentary form does have the potential to effect sweeping social change. Only time will tell.
Blackfish delivers ominous chills not because it documents orca whale attacks, but because it makes a clear, strong case that the attacks are of humankind's making. It's more Frankenstein than Jaws.
Plainly, it's an advocacy film. And it's a brilliant one -- nail-biting, upsetting, maddening and at times even uplifting,
Save the whale? After watching this documentary about the mistreatment of killer whales, you'll never mock that sentiment again.
If you're not moved and angered by what you see in Blackfish, your heart is made of harder stuff than mine.
Gabriela Cowperthwaite's new documentary Blackfish is a searing indictment of the entire killer whale-as-entertainment industry.
A troubling exposé of Sea World's hazardous entertainment trade.
Blackfish is a heartbreaking documentary, forensically constructed by Gabriella Cowperthwaite, about the extreme psychological distress of killer whales kept in captivity and used to entertain crowds at venues such as SeaWorld in Orlando.
Blackfish makes an especially strong case for the innate marvel of these animals: that they are smart, social, communicative and loving.
'Blackfish' proves in our pseudo-reality, entertainment-hungry world that the art of documenting is not lost. Docs can still create change - and for SeaWorld, the perception of the theme park is forever changed.
Expõe nossa cegueira para o fato de que o que julgávamos um show era basicamente uma cruel, imperdoável e longa tortura.
An absolutely heartbreaking documentary...
For animal lovers with fond recollections of visiting SeaWorld as a child, director Gabriela Cowperthwaite's Blackfish arrives to gatecrash your memories.
Very good, very disturbing documentary by director Gabriela Cowperthwaite about killer whales in captivity and the dangers they present to their trainers...The film contains some pretty vivid footage.
[This is] heart-in-your-throat stuff. I feel bad calling actual footage of a man almost dying as being 'thrilling,' and yet that's what it is. We need a new word for Blackfish's innately cinematic and all-too-real horror.
The telling is calm and composed, avoiding any form of sensationalism or heightened anger. It probably won't win the Oscar for Best Documentary, as The Cove did on ... dolphin slaughter, but Blackfish is solid, revealing and quietly moving.
If you see this, you won't want to ever visit one of these water parks with killer whales again, or work at there either.
Taken in sum, Blackfish is a punishing indictment of a multi-million dollar industry and one of the finest documentaries of the year.
A blistering critique of the exploitation of performing orcas in marine parks.
While Cowperthwaite's documentary doesn't exactly come up with much of anything new to say on the matter, it remains an intriguing look at the problem.
Gabriela Cowperthwaite's eye-opening, edge-of-your-seat feature "Blackfish" has it all: an oversized villain, chilling attack footage, corporate malfeasance, and girls in bikinis.
You don't have to be an animal-rights activist to appreciate its questioning of the justifications for keeping highly intelligent mammals... in tanks to perform for our entertainment
In the wild, orcas live between 50 and a hundred years. In captivity, it's half that. It's simply a strong argument to free all the Willies.
It builds a compelling case to show the negative results of capturing and confining such noble creatures as the blackfish.
Blackfish takes an emotional argument and supports it with just enough logic to make it convincing.
Although emotionally wrenching and not recommend for young children, 'Blackfish' helps us re-think our relationship with nature.
It's a riveting tale that will make you rethink where humans and orcas fall in the natural food chain and the corporate one.
likely to never again buy a ticket to a marine theme park again
We have traditionally taken license to do as we will with our fellow creatures, whether that means slaughtering them for food or dressing them up for Halloween. Perhaps only a God created in our image could sanction ... the ways we exploit the vulnerable.
In many ways, "Blackfish" is a horror film in which we discover that we have met the monster, and the monster is us.
Blackfish is what happens when human arrogance trumps harsh natural reality.
It doesn't go very far out of its way to tell more than one side of the story, but the one side of the story that it does tell is an exceedingly compelling and moving one.
The movie recounts - often with horrifying video - several instances in which trainers are mauled, chomped and otherwise clobbered by killer whales.
Blackfish is a zoological horror story, a corporate expose and a heartbreaking example of inhumane practices and predictable consequences ignored.
There are few movies that can change the way you see the world in 83 minutes. If Blackfish is seen by enough people, it has the power to affect attendance at SeaWorld.
You don't have to be anything close to a PETA loyalist or an anthropomorphist to appreciate the genuine sorrow and eventual psychosis on display in footage of these whales.
"Blackfish" is a disturbing movie, one that will make you rethink parks like SeaWorld and their value.
Whatever its flaws, 'Blackfish' seems likely to be the rare film that inspires real reform and that helps awaken viewers to their kinship and responsibility to the animal kingdom.
The question that "Blackfish" provokes, viscerally, is whether the education and entertainment for visitors, and profits for the company, are worth it if the animals are mistreated and unhappy. After watching "Blackfish," the answer is crystal clear.
Depressingly unsurprising.
While Blackfish isn't exactly riveting, it is thought-provoking and leaves you with the urge to admire nature in its natural habitat rather than in a contained environment.
Blackfish is intended to rattle and provoke in the hopes of bringing about change.
A repetitive but still compelling piece of activist filmmaking.
"Blackfish" is grim. But then again, so is the plight of these magnificent, intelligent whales.
Informative, earnest, but less than briskly paced.
An engrossing look at animal behavior.
"Blackfish" makes a compelling case that the cruelty of life in captivity is the cause for a rash of fatal attacks by orcas on their trainers, aggressive behavior that no so-called killer whale ever has exhibited in the wild.
Its ultimate message is clear: Killer whales belong with their families in their natural habitat, not performing for audiences. After listening to this film's many impassioned voices, it's hard to argue.
It is gripping and thought-provoking.
As enlightening and passionate as the picture is, Cowperthwaite fails to summon the type of comprehensive journalism this type of story deserves.
The one save-the-whales movie to see when you only have time for one.
There aren't too many animal-rights documentaries that could be described as "metal," but Blackfish, one part horror movie and one part nature film, fits the bill and then some.
Cowperthwaite juxtaposes to devastating effect official PR spin with news reports and eye-witness accounts of marine park tragedies.
[An] impressive, often gripping documentary ...
Engrossing when offers alarming CSI-type forensic analysis into the death of a whale trainer [but] the narrow focus on SeaWorld raises more questions that aren't considered.
Through interviews with whale scientists and several former Sea World trainers, [Cowperthwaite] paints a disturbing picture of the profit-minded climate of deceit that prevailed at the company.
Puts 'killer whales' into wildlife and humanitarian perspective while giving you all of the dangerous action sequences you could possible want. Free Willy, it ain't.
Blackfish marries biography, activism and psycho thriller into a pleasing cinematic shape, starting with a single whale and the trainers who worked with him.
Some of the archive footage is exceedingly harrowing, but the case against commercially condoned cruelty is made without sensationalism, and few will be able to watch this without a growing sense of outrage.
Cruelty begets cruelty and whales don't belong in the circus.
It not only delivers astonishing, suspenseful footage that makes it a legitimate thriller, but also serves up thoughtful meditations about using wild animals for our own entertainment.
It is never less than gripping, and devastatingly undermines the notion of performing whales as wholesome family entertainment.
Damning and disturbing viewing.
It's hard to imagine anyone coming out of this movie and not swearing off the next vacation trip to Orlando, San Antonio or San Diego.
It's a strong piece of video journalism in which images and the interviews deliver the information, and we reach our own conclusions.
Unfortunately, this feels like a ten-minute news segment blown up to theatrical proportions.
A horrifying, heartbreaking eye-opener about human inhumanity to other intelligent and emotional beings who share our planet.
While Cowperthwaite's film opens with a simple question about the behavior of a single killer whale, it ends up mounting a persuasive ethical argument against keeping orcas in captivity.
As horribly gripping as a serial-killer thriller, though the real villain is not the ostensible culprit, but its human captors.
"Blackfish" is no trumped up horror story fueled by Hollywood brand names and special effects. In this riveting documentary directed by Gabriela Cowperthwaite, all of the creatures are real, and all seem entitled to the serious chip on their shoulders.
An acclaimed and chastening documentary about what happens to human beings - injury, mutilation, death - when they pen orcas in sea parks.
Important, informative, imperfect.
The film may be depressing. But even with a terrible, watery musical score, it's also good.
A chilling exploration of the life of an orca in captivity, this documentary forces us to look at zoos and especially aquarium shows in a completely new light.
To analyze real-life tragedy we must understand it so we can prevent it, Cowperthwaite justly argues. Not so we can sigh and hope it doesn't happen again.
Behavioural experts describe the orca brain's advanced capacity for emotion, while former trainers reveal the stories spun by SeaWorld to convince its visitors that the whales enjoy their work.
Superbly directed, powerfully emotional documentary that presents a convincing case against keeping orca whales in captivity and is liable to induce righteous anger at the behaviour of a certain marine park.
Avoiding sensationalism it unearths the events in Tilikum's life with a journalistic rigour, expanding the story wider to reveal the dangers of keeping whales in captivity.
It all adds up to a sympathetic profile of a serial killer's traumatic history, and a compelling picture of humanity's great inhumanity towards these sensitive, highly socialised beasts ...
Once you accept that orcas are intelligent and emotionally complex creatures, it becomes impossible to shrug off the film's darker factoids as the cost of keeping families entertained.
... might cause moviegoers to change their perspective on those wholesome Sea World marine shows.
Gabriela Cowperthwaite has made a fascinating documentary about the consequences of keeping these large and intelligent animals as tourist attractions.
Impassioned and disturbing, this doc matches The Cove for marrying cool intellect with real fire.
Riveting, alarming, heartbreaking and well-edited. You'll never look at an orca or SeaWorld the same way again.
In some ways a whistleblowers' tale, in other ways a murder mystery. Either way, a deeply affecting indictment of the aquatic theme parks that build tricks-and-splashes family shows around captured and bred orcas.
I long ago made up my mind that keeping cetaceans in captivity is cruel by definition... Blackfish may well convince others who have not given as much thought to the plight of orcas, which have never killed a human in the wild.
This is one of those docs during which audiences gasp and cry out - or just cry - at regular intervals.
Ostensibly the story of Tilikum, it's really a movie about us, an exploration of the inherent human need to reduce nature's mysteries to modes we can easily process.
The killer whale, one of nature's most glorious creations for its sheer size, intelligence and emotional depth, is front and center here, along with the horror of its captivity.
a double-barreled indictment of Seaworld, not only for its untruthful internal and media campaigns, but for the endangerment of its employees performing with the majestic mammals their practices literally drive mad.
Blackfish, a documentary by Gabriela Cowperthwaite, puts the "killer" back into killer whales by indicting those sea parks that, in her well-chronicled estimation, place profit above safety.
Meet a theme-park phenom in the form of the killer whales (orcas in the trade) on view in Gabriela Cowperthwaite's gripping mindbender of a documentary.
Potent stuff but frustratingly one-sided. Greater objective balance on the part of (director) Cowperthwaite would make "Blackfish" a more complex and interesting, less preachy expose.
Blackfish is enough to make anybody think twice about the wisdom of turning whales into performers.
[Its] argument never fails to be gripping, its structure perfectly executed to maximize its persuasiveness.
After watching "Blackfish," you come away with a sense of orcas' singular intelligence, to be sure, even their astonishing playfulness, but most of all their glorious power, and the majesty of their existence in their natural habitat.
Through the rueful voices of former trainers and whale experts, a narrative driven by disillusion and regret unfolds as the trainers point to a gap between SeaWorld's public image and behind-the-scenes reality.
Blackfish does an admirable job of preaching without force-feeding, seamlessly blending opinion with reportage, and addressing its central issues from enough angles to make a series of end-runs around dubious viewers.
An extraordinary, must-see examination of what humans do to killer whales so that these amazing creatures can become one more entertainment.
Blackfish does make a pretty strong case that it sucks to be in a cage, even underwater.
Slickly produced but consistently engaging, the film refrains from overstating its case, a wise decision considering the sufficiently emotional material on hand.
[It] remains decidedly one-sided. But when that "side" is such a vital, convincing proponent for the greater protection and understanding of such evolved and majestic creatures, it can't help but win.
The movie is revealing, wrenching, and important, a reminder that what feels wrong in our gut-the effort to turn free-roaming and unknowable beasts into caged vaudevillians-is always worth investigating.
Like a more obvious underwater twist on Herzog's Grizzly Man ...
his gripping film presents a persuasive case against keeping the species -- and by extension any wild animal -- in captivity for the purposes of human entertainment.
A riveting and accomplished story of animal cruelty, corporate irresponsibility and nature striking back.
Will shake you up and upset you. At a minimum, it might make some people rethink where they're going on their next vacation.
"Blackfish" is designed to get you angry and, by this standard, it works.
"Blackfish" is less balanced investigation than full-on takedown of a broken system.
You'll never look at Shamu, and the company that exploits him, the same way again.
The Frankensteinian rebellion of orcas against their corporate captors turns this doc into a sort of showbiz horror film.
What makes Gabriela Cowperthwaite's documentary about this particular tragedy so compelling is the way it forces us to re-evaluate our initial perception of the whole narrative, as well as our relationship to the natural world as a whole.
If you're an animal welfare person (as we all should be), this film will get your dander rising.
Sea World's worst nightmare -- and for good reason.
The film appears to have been spat out of the same auto-outrage documentary generator that gave us The Cove and Bully.
Tilikum, whose last victim Dawn Brancheau died in 2010, is still performing at SeaWorld - after watching this documentary, you'll think long and hard about taking your family to see him.
The impression the film leaves is of a deep-pocketed institution that, for all its claims of humane and professional treatment, tolerates practices that are fundamentally at odds with the animals' well-being ...

@highlight

Blackfish is an aggressive, impassioned documentary that will change the way you look at performance killer whales.