Plays slyly with noir; adroitly twists and turns away from easy expectations in its final minutes. This thriller's got one sharp, savage ending. Marsh takes a black-eyed stare out from the gravestone-gray, waning days of the Troubles.
A grim but measured and intelligent art-house slow-burner.
The acting in this film is very good. The plot is lean and powerful. It is pretty depressing, but it seems true enough in its depiction of this troubled period of history.
By the end, the film shows not only the power of this influence but also its terrible price in an often merciless conflict.
Despite solid performances, a slow first half takes away from this otherwise effective drama about an IRA sympathizer whose life becomes more complicated after she's coerced into spying for MI-5.
The film relies on terse dialogue and boggy colors to create an atmosphere dense with anxiety -- all well handled by director James March.
A respectable political/psychological suspenser, but not a wildly entertaining or enjoyable one.
It's absorbing, intelligent and sad.
Themes ripped from today's headlines lend "The Troubles" of Northern Ireland very tense, sobering, contemporary immediacy. . . Riseborough [is] mesmerizing at first sight.
A tautly minimalist, occasionally generic study of betrayal and family ties.
[Director James Marsh] shows a deft hand with his actors and elicits a notable performance from [Andrea] Riseborough. The production is straightforward on all fronts and catches the bleakness hovering above Belfast under siege.
[Riseborough's] work is indrawn and riveting. It's hard to read the look in her eye, but we never stop trying.
This British thriller by James Marsh is a little too neatly scripted and tightly edited for my taste, but there are galvanizing performances from Andrea Riseborough... and Clive Owen.
These are characters for whom true belief in a cause has probably become impossible; they know how much that costs. Marsh does a compelling job of illustrating that for the rest of us.
Marsh focuses this slowly simmering drama on more universal themes of family, betrayal and decisions that people make that are both right and wrong at the same time.
a potent, ultimately disheartening slow-burn drama
So many situations and plot points seem too sketchy here, but the two main characters manage to intrigue us, thanks to Andrea Riseborough and Clive Owen.
...a quietly disturbing look at the choices placed before someone who is caught between two worlds, neither offering harbor.
Shadow Dancer is a quiet film that demands careful attention...
Riseborough's ever-mobile face is a study as Collette cycles from hopelessness to panic to mama-bear rage.
By keeping politics in the background and emphasizing more than a few tenuous relationships, he allows the conflict, mistrust, and dishonesty in both Collette's and Mac's camps to come through without taking sides.
Dead-serious but also rather deadly is this IRA thriller, too intent on being portentous rather than riveting.
The only poetry in this harsh film is in the title.
The movie is sure-footed in its storytelling, right up to its appropriately open-ended conclusion.
The movie runs into the same problem all stories like this do: Generally, audiences don't like snitches.
The proceedings move so quietly and thoughtfully as to be occasionally somnolent, though they're punctuated with spasms of the violence that marked the Troubles.
A riveting thriller that takes the viewer into the terror of the IRA machine.
The character mechanics ... leave the viewer always feeling a step ahead of the story and its too-late-to-excite twists.
Shadow Dancer feels like a thriller, but Marsh is wisely more interested in the tension than in the release. What thrills exist here are carefully tempered by the considered pacing.
A gripping depiction of distrust as a vicious fire that consumes those who give in to its power.
"Shadow Dancer" is ominously subdued and grimly taciturn. The dialogue is minimal. Only what has to be said is said, and the tone of most of it is one of quiet urgency.
with characters this underdeveloped, all the explosions in the world wouldn't be enough
Riseborough once again transforms herself dramatically, expanding her role as best she can. But neither the hesitant script - adapted by Tom Bradby from his own novel - nor the sluggish tempo give her enough support.
While not designed to entertain on the level of style and spectacle that one expects from a Bond film, this tense period drama from the director of "Man on Wire" presents a far more credible take on the daring exploits of British agents.
A powerful and effective film that really gets across the tense situation in Northern Ireland in a way unlike any other movie
Director James Marsh, best known for his documentaries Man On Wire and Project Nim, crafts an atmosphere of tenuous dread.
A solemn, fatalistic drama about familial responsibility and the neverending cycle of selfishness and violence.
The movie eventually wafts into a detective story, which would be doubly effective if only we could hack our way through the thickly coated Irish brogues that render so much of the dialogue incomprehensible.
A slow-burn thriller that may be a bit too slow at times but builds in power by the final reel.
Solid, but just a shadow of Hitchcock.
There's slow-burning, and then there's simply slow; the difference between the two has never been so apparent.
The film rests on the desperate chemistry of a paunchy, weathered Owen and a tense, quietly ferocious Riseborough.
Devoid of extended tension or even an emotionally robust climax to justify the deliberate stride Marsh employs, Shadow Dancer rings hollow even while all the pieces seem so substantial when singled out.
James Marsh perfectly matches his aesthetic strategies to the story's shifting moral terrain.
A slow burn punctuated by outbursts of violence
A sensitive film that respects the conflict in which it is set rather than using it for cheap thrills.
Director James Marsh fashions a taut thriller out of tough material, much of which pinwheels on a compelling central performance from Andrea Riseborough as a woman trapped in a tightening emotional vice.
Shadow Dancer is a quietly devastating story of the poisonous effect of northern Irish politics on the life of a single family.
This is a tough, thought-provoking nail-biter.
The film hardly seems like more than an exercise: the plot wraps up neatly but the emotional significance of a key revelation is barely explored.
Marsh improves the movie from the page to the screen. What's shown is often more striking than what's said, but in the perpetual subterfuge of Shadow Dancer that can't fully distinguish a familiar plot from its numerous predecessors.
This is an uncomfortable movie; a tense and sometimes deliberately drawn out tale - but those who invest the time will uncover some excellent performances.
Post-credits food-for-thought is a rarity in most films these days, and that it should come in the wrapper of a totally engrossing thriller is some kind of wonderful.
Riseborough once again astounds with her ability to inhabit a character, with Owen also on cracking form as the agent under fire from all sides.
...a slow burning and engrossing film that demonstrates the morally caustic nature of terrorism.
Marsh's Shadow Dancer is a complex and beautifully realised Irish Troubles thriller of cerebral and psychological proportions.
Marsh's film brilliantly evokes the fearful, morbid undercurrent to Belfast in the last years of the conflict - a place where life and death could pivot on a wrong answer.
After the simple, lucid start, the film becomes a labyrinthine tale of cat and mouse, of deception and double cross, of betrayal and confused allegiances.
Though reluctant to engage too closely with the still-controversial politics of dissent, Shadow Dancer works brilliantly as a displaced espionage drama.
Man on Wire director James Marsh has come up with a thriller that's as taut as his earlier film, and whose protagonist is striving to pull off a balancing act that's no less perilous than his aerialist hero's high-wire stunts.
Even the marvelous performances by Owen and the on-the-rise Riseborough are not enough to ratchet up the drama to the level of the totally gripping -- a damn shame and something of a puzzler...
A thriller needs to thrill, and this one doesn't.
Director James Marsh is an award-winning documentary film-maker and he brings some finely honed observational skills to this tale.
This is Rolls-Royce genre entertainment. Hard-hitting, thought-provoking, tense, memorable.
The worlds of American Psycho and international terrorism are never far apart.
Much of Shadow Dancer's drama stems from its characters getting suspicious about one another, which certainly has the ring of historical truth, but becomes less exciting the more we see of it.
Marsh's movie is calm, level, downbeat. The tension is subtle - perhaps subtler than it really should be.
Compared to the fast paced action of Bournes and Bonds this is a low key, character-driven piece.
A clever, intricate thriller with a killer twist.
While it's hard to grumble about such a smart, intelligent drama after a summer of big bangs, its slow pace at times feels sluggish.
Actors rarely get paid to stay still and shut up, but Riseborough's Colette is all whey-faced watchfulness and you can't take your eyes off her.
As beige as an old PC, but beneath the surface the blood pumps bright scarlet. An intelligent and emotionally charged spy drama.
The attention it calls for pays off down the line thanks to riveting performances and tense, water-tight plotting.
Beautifully shot, quietly gripping thriller with a strong script, impressive production design and a terrific central performance from Andrew Riseborough.
Scripted by ITV news correspondent Tom Bradby from his novel, Shadow Dancer sidesteps many of the clichés of films relating to this particular armed conflict.
It rewards patience with a moving story about the collision of family and political values.
Shadow Dancer delights in the refreshingly unpredictable game of cat and mouse that plays out between Owen and Riseborough.
In this IRA thriller from James Marsh, incendiary devices are all over the place. Some are literal, most are figurative, and Bomb Theory abounds.
Fatigue, all round, with the inherited burden of sectarian grievance, forms the resonant base note of Marsh's film...
A film of style and substance.
James Marsh's gripping thriller set in Northern Ireland demands patience and concentration of its audience, but the impeccably crafted film is well worth the effort.
Noxious, reactionary and unashamedly pro-British to a startling degree.
Distilling a country's worth of tensions down to the dynamics of a single household, Marsh has produced a thriller so taut that it makes last year's masterclass in dread, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, pale in comparison.
Deliberately paced, but fascinating. Owen and Riseborough are superb.
Riseborough gives a tremendously vulnerable and resolute turn as a protector at home and avenger abroad forced to reconsider the extent to which she is capable of avoiding the crossfire on all sides.
The occasional flareup of violence notwithstanding, it's Riseborough's performance that provides the primary source of suspense.
An opaque, slow-burning but brilliant thriller about the compulsions of terrorism, one that avoids ideological bombast and looks instead to the experiences of an angry and frightened woman.

@highlight

A tense, thought-provoking thriller, Shadow Dancer is bolstered by sensitive direction from James Marsh and a terrific performance from Andrea Riseborough.