The best thing about The Dressmaker is, of course, Kate Winslet. The plot is over-complicated and includes a wedding, a funeral, an ambitious death count, drugs and alcohol, dueling dressmakers, and a grand finale theatrical extravaganza.
Gives ample room for the talents of the wonderful Judy Davis.
I loved the idea -- and indeed its stunning visualisation... but that's not enough to sustain a film that is criminally overlong and wastes several opportunities to come to a close. Winslet, however, is fab.
Without Kate Winslet's on-screen presence, this small, quirky Australian film is unlikely to gain any traction.
When a movie invites you to question its very reason for being, there's something wrong in the design.
Is The Dressmaker a comedy? Or a tragedy? It tries to be both, and ends up being neither.
The opening is brilliant, the cinematography is pristine, the acting -- especially by Davis and Winslet -- is good across the board.
Winslet and Davis are formidable in "The Dressmaker."
Actually, it's Hogan's sensibility that is the real star of The Dressmaker. He adapts the Rosalie Ham novel, a neo-feminist soap opera, to salute the indefatigable brotherhood and sisterhood of women and gay men who struggle to find acceptance and love.
The Dressmaker is wonderfully complex and funny, with brilliant performances from Winslet and Davis.
"The Dressmaker" wraps a pig pen of a town and its porky inhabitants in silk. It tackles the feeling of being cursed by your confines and the toxicity of small town gossip mongering; with beauty, death, romance and hilarity.
Imagine Amelie, but starring Clint Eastwood in drag.
This outback revenge fantasy wrapped in haute couture costumes is a good deal of fun.
The oddball characters, the black humor, the sudden bursts of violence - it all seems to be going well, until the film veers into gooey melodrama. It's like a perfectly-tailored suit that unexpectedly starts fraying at the seams.
While Moorhouse pulls off some quirky comic sequences, she can't quite corral the story's expanding slate of characters and tearaway themes.
Moorhouse's willingness to push the envelope and dive into the darkest aspects of the tale with such macabre relish allows the emotions swirling within this maelstrom to resonate all the deeper.
Unplesant
The Dressmaker is a fun and at times touching romp through the Outback, as well as a feast for the eyes and ears.
Moorhouse gleefully blends laughter and shocks....She works with a scalpel.
There's plenty to admire here, especially if your taste is tailored to the unusual.
It is a slow-motion trainwreck of a movie.
Moorhouse overdoes the quirk factor a tad, and there's a bummer of a development in the last act, but a clever plot and good performances (including Liam Hemsworth and Hugo Weaving) keep us engrossed in all the eccentricity.
Something of a mess that moves jarringly from one genre to another, but though it never really comes together, it's also weirdly entertaining.
The Dressmaker's twists are best experienced blind, and its treats are modest but genuine.
It's a gem with a distinct visual and atmospheric presence, with Moorhouse reclaiming her career in a major way.
Whatever were they smoking?
It's difficult to sympathize with any of these characters through the awkward shifts in tone.
Winslet and Davis may be great together, but the movie spends so much time on so many other characters that this one outstanding element of the film is forced to take a backseat to a series of asides.
Taken bite by bite and with a measure of patience, Moorhouse's directorial return is as delightfully chaotic as Tilly's homecoming, a colorful, one-of-a-kind affair that's not afraid to shake things up a bit.
Kate Winslet as sexy femme fatale with a wicked pair of shears is a lot of fun. As her mum "Mad" Molly, Judy David triumphs.
In the end, the characters are all dressed up with nowhere funny or interesting to go.
Kate Winslet can do anything ... except save this movie from quirky overkill.
The film has so many moodswings that watching it induces whiplash, and just about everybody in it, from Winslet on down to Judy Davis, playing the dressmaker's crotchety mother, flagrantly overdoes it.
Irreverent dramedy about revenge deals with abuse.
The second Winslet sets her sewing machine on the ground and snarls, "I'm back, you bastards," we're delighted to hear we're in for something fun.
Positively explodes with a surfeit of pent-up creative energy that unfortunately doesn't know when to stop.
Alternately wildly funny, wildly romantic, wildly satiric, and, at the same time, dark and tragic
There are giggles to be had -- especially given the talents of cast members like Winslet, Davis, Hemsworth and Weaving -- but the laughs are not quite plentiful enough to make up for its awkward contrivances.
A dressmaker seeking vindication drives this dark dramedy. Kate Winslet delivers an outstanding performance as the determined seamstress. Also in fine form is Hugo Weaving as a quirky, cross-dressing police sergeant. A perfect fit for awards season.
More often the intrusions of the comic on the dramatic aren't so much offensive as merely strange, which nevertheless torpedoes any hope of the audience taking this very seriously.
Mark The Dressmaker as a taste it takes the full two hours to acquire.
This confused and overlong film inhabits a world of caustic darkness that not even an expert seamstress could patch over with silly pratfalls.
[T]he movie's inability to make up its mind on an approach sinks it.
Unfortunately, and despite its promising start, "The Dressmaker" doesn't move much beyond the level of well-costumed playacting.
The Dressmaker may be a revenge comedy, but it never quite conforms to our expectations of what that should mean. And that seems to be exactly how Moorhouse wants it.
The Titanic is now the second-biggest disaster Kate Winslet has ever been associated with.
The tone repeatedly flips from quirky to woeful. The costumes are gorgeous, though.
Emotionally garbled.
Overplotted, undercooked and extremely well-dressed, "The Dressmaker" has style to burn, but it has a mean streak as wide as the Outback.
Winslet and Davis salvage what they can from the movie - a heroic effort, almost, making it a fun trifle, albeit one with some deadly serious overtones.
Perhaps it's meant to be somehow mythic, but mostly The Dressmaker is just cruel.
It might not all flow, but between Winslet and castmate Judy Davis's various spitfire moments and some potent dark turns, there's a fair amount to like.
Tonal inconsistencies sink "The Dressmaker," and the same applies to Winslet's character.
The film is most successful when it's playing dress-up, less so when the comedy goes black, and worst off when it attempts melodrama.
This is Winslet's world. Her grown-up lady curves, her generous features, her unique cocktail of impatience and compassion: They're all as wonderfully incongruous as this swoon of a film.
What starts as a cheeky lark about bad reputations and snazzy transformations never really gels into something truly funny or even appetizingly weird.
The cast is the only winning ensemble The Dressmaker needs.
It's soapy melodrama with the fun dampened by "verisimilitude" - a Marvel-movie treatment for the book-club set.
A garbled, tonally schizo revenge dramedy with little narrative drive, which swings like a teetering drunk between Tex Avery cartoonishness and somber old school woman's picture.
Kate Winslet's outfits-but not much else-shine in this tonally jarring revenge thriller/dark comedy/small-town drama/murder mystery/... pseudo-western?
Part slow-burn mother-daughter drama, part slow-burn suspense thriller, and part slow-burn romance, with a few twists for good measure as the town begins to come apart at the seams.
"The Dressmaker" is only sew-sew.
Despite Winslet's stunning cowgirl fashionista, The Dressmaker is a whole lot of weirdness packed into a story that stumbles around like an emotionally-inept drunk.
The frequent contemptuousness the film displays toward its characters keeps the audience at arm's length.
The Dressmaker is a visual feast -- contrasting a dreary rural Australian town with outrageous couture costumes -- but it's let down by an inflated running time and confused tone.
The filmmaker is not known for her consistency, especially when it comes to adapting material like the one in this film. [Full review in Spanish]
An unclassified film that swings between genres like western, noir, melodrama, dark comedy and inspiring tale. [Full review in Spanish]
A weird, incoherent, and unsettling tale that is really just a bunch of crazy and eccentric stories. [Full review in Spanish]
A strange combination of a spaghetti western, a dark and crazy comedy, romantic melodrama, a cartoon, slapstick and social criticism. [Full review in Spanish]
An atypical film that changes genre, showing versatility and that Australian filmmakers don't care about the conventionality set by Hollywood. [Full review in Spanish]
Doesn't live up to expectations. [Full review in Spanish]
Winslet's performance, as well as Davis', anchors this rambling affair. The story zigs when you expect it to zag, but that is not a bad thing, especially when its characters are so engaging.
Often evoking the dark humour of a Beckett play, with its world a relatively plausible representation of an unforgiving and tragic universe.
Director Moorhouse co-wrote with her husband P.J. Hogan, the brains behind the lean, sleek Muriel's Wedding, but this effort seems tone-deaf by comparison.
With Myrtle inexplicably running up haute couture outfits for the locals as part of her unclear scheme, the film is as superficial as a catwalk parade.
The cast is the only winning ensemble "The Dressmaker" needs.
The Dressmaker could've been a strange gem if it didn't fail at pretending to be so many other things. [Full review in Spanish]
All in all, it's good natured, quirky fun of the kind Australian cinema does so well.
As long as the camera concentrates on Winslet and the haute couture, it is beautifully filmed fun.
The Australian style is the one that makes this a comedy of contrasts, of crazy characters and something special. [Full Review in Spanish]
Revenge, mother-daughter bonds and the transformative power of clothes are the threads stitched deftly throughout Jocelyn Moorhouse's quirky Australian comedy drama, which induces tears as much as giggles.
Moorhouse, apparently convinced that viewers can't handle a mature female heroine, has made a movie that feels infinitely more antiquated than Billy Wilder's 1950 film noir.
You will either find The Dressmaker a hoot or a perplexing bore, like a shaggy dog story that is not nearly as entertaining as the teller seems to think.
Events veer between tragedy and comedy, often within a scene, at times within a single sentence.
It's a vibrant, dangerous tale of revenge dominated by a stunning, multi-layered performance from Kate Winslet.
Jocelyn Moorhouse's latest feature is lively and enjoyable enough, and often gorgeous to look at, but undermined by its shifting storytelling styles.
What begins as a would-be exercise in camp devolves into perfervid tosh and ultimately tedium in The Dressmaker, a belligerently over-the-top revenge drama that might just about have squeaked by as an opera.
So entertaining, so unexpected, so wonderfully oddball, so damn good. Witty genre-busting simmering with pathos, humor, and calamity.
Despite its levity and wild shifts in tone, The Dressmaker is a heartbreaking tragicomedy. It's also imaginative, funny, colourful, poignant and unforgettable.
Ultimately stumbles and falls when over-long narrative veers off in a bizarre direction in the final reel.
Winslet and Davis are both so good, bringing genuine poignancy to the evolving mother-daughter relationship, that I found myself sucked into their strange world ...
To say that The Dressmaker is sui generis is almost an understatement.
Surely Winslet can find better roles than this.
What could've been sleek and subtle is loud, garish and unwieldy.
Wildly uneven in tone it may be, but this 'Unforgiven with a sewing machine' revenge comedy is also something of a guilty pleasure, and has definite cult potential.
Imagine a Sergio Leone remake of Chocolat and you will get some idea of the tone set by this sumptuous, lavishly embroidered tale of Outback revenge.
Kate Winslet is an absolute goddess in this hilarious, moving and very dark Australian dramedy based on the bestselling novel by Rosalie Ham.
Melodramatic episodes sit oddly with the dark comedy. But it's still a giggle ...
Don't let the trailers and adverts fool you. The Dressmaker is a viciously dark comedy that will catch many by surprise.
While the movie comes on like a crowd pleaser, it leaves a highly acrid taste.
It is a stylish film, and it manages to avoid the pitfalls of sentiment through its utilisation of an almost unfeasibly dark heart and wicked sense of humour that trends dangerously close to cruel.
Moorhouse's amazing ensemble have lots of nasty fun with their often awful characters, but it's her adapted script that makes this, her fifth film as director, so subversive.
This scenario is, as presented, so jarringly unreal that I gave up trying to follow the plot and settled back to enjoy the look of the film and some of the performances.
Kudos to the casting director and Winslet's Aussie accent.
A winning, whacky, hugely enjoyable slice of Australiana that begins with a whisper and ends with a heck of a bang...unspools as a big, boisterous period comedy driven by a thirst for revenge, a desire for romance and a hunger to entertain.
There's a wickedly deranged streak running through this film, but it's also a deeply humane piece of storytelling.
Its throwback elements offer more in the way of irritating limitations than timelessness.
All questions of taste and plausibility aside, The Dressmaker is a hoot and a healthy shock to the system. Australian cinema may never be quite the same again.
In addition to the inspired direction of Jocelyn Moorhouse, The Dressmaker draws ably on the united effort of an appreciably committed cast.
Unabashedly blends genre and style as black comedy meets romantic drama and the elegant clashes with the grotesque, to make for a spirited and visually engaging romp of a movie.
Moorhouse has a clear vision for the material and a great team to help her achieve it
I wanted to like the film more, but the in-your-face tone kept me at arm's length
If Moorhouse's film sometimes falls out of step, then it at least has the self-belief to go out in a blaze of glory.
a loud, batty, fancy-frocked, sashed-and-stockinged revenge story pitched somewhere between an outback period piece and a Wile E Coyote cartoon.
If The Dressmaker is good for nothing else, it will mark the moment that Kate Winslet began her transformation into our wacky, awesome aunt.
Whether it tickles your funny bone is likely going to be entirely dependent on how warped your sense of humor is and how easily you can ignore some of its more unsavory elements.
"The Dressmaker" wants to be a saucy and absurd tale of small town scandal, only to then attempt to try and turn the story completely inside out.
The film's an orchard of absurdities, every one of them overripe and plopping from the tree. You could bake them in a pie and make Labor Day 2, in time for next year.
The cast often rises above this tonally bonkers fable, where dark comedy wraps around a melodrama, which all gives way to a noirish revenge story.
The Dressmaker is enormously good fun, especially if you love clothes and enjoy a makeover montage.
A hodgepodge of comic melodrama, more panto than pathos.
Light comedy, romantic drama, small-town secrets and revenge schemes might not seem an easy or winning mix; however in The Dressmaker, the combination fits.
The film is a tonally uneven, genre-shifting hurricane of a thing, wildly careering off the rails and smashing into everything in its view.
Moorhouse's adaptation of Rosalie Ham's 2000 novel may lead audiences to expect a primmer, more well-behaved movie based on its title alone, but that doesn't mean it won't have them in stitches.
Little here "works" in any traditional sense of that word, but the film boasts enough manic energy and straight-up weirdness to keep you entertained before overstaying its welcome in the final act.

@highlight

The Dressmaker boasts a strong central performance by Kate Winslet and a captivating array of narrative weirdness -- all of which may or may not be a comfortable fit with viewers.