Batman Begins isn't a terrible film, it simply isn't that good. Overly long, vaguely goofy in places, and straining for gravity and dignity, it's the dignity part that is hard.
... Nolan gets the character right: Bruce Wayne is the secret identity and Batman is the real persona.
It's a refreshing approach to the genre, even when revisiting years later, in an era inundated with superhero movies where each tries to better the last's visual effects budget.
Nolan takes an admirable stab at developing a character-driven drama, only to give in to generic action-movie conventions with a blinding, deafening, explosion-laden finale that could have capped off any number of interchangeable Jerry Bruckheimer flicks.
Batman Begins summons up moments of great eloquence and power. If only its cast of characters was as fully inhabited as its turbulent city.
If there is one Batman film anyone should see, this is it. It's a superhero film with a dark tone that's very well-written with nothing but incredible actors involved.
Compared to the flashier Superman, the dark knight was always more human and prone to brooding, but this film is way out of whack.
Every so often, it's time to re-boot Batman.
It's not just the birth of Batman we're seeing in this triumphant interpretation, it's also the dawning of Gotham City's age of greed.
It may be too scary intense for younger children, but for everyone else Batman Begins is just about the perfect summer movie.
A moody and visually stimulating superhero film, Batman Begins sees the Dark Knight finally giving the treatment and respect he deserves, in what can only be described as one of the greatest re-vamps given to an enduring character.
The psychological realism and the science-fiction villainy don't always mesh seamlessly. But unlike so many superheroic summer spectacles, this one actually has a soul behind the special effects.
Drained of its color, the franchise rediscovered its valor, landing the caped crusader his finest motion picture effort to date. And the ending? Oh, that ending.
So much is rich with ingenuity and daring that its constant missteps are exceptionally glaring.
An utterly amazing and riveting start to a brand new beginning...
A blast of energy that reinvents the Dark Knight for a new generation of film-goers.
An impressive cinematic renaissance for DC Comics' Dark Knight, and a blockbuster with more intelligence than most.
Sweeping all questions aside, Batman Begins does rekindle the franchise: it will be commercially possible to remake Batman stories with this persona and this set of psychological principles underpinning a new series of films.
There has never yet been a Batman story with quite this kind of psychological trauma. If Ingmar Bergman had ever directed a superhero movie, it would have looked quite a bit like this.
Its edgy tone and dark atmosphere coupled with its comic-book theatrics make it a winning combination for older children and adults alike.
Not only do we see Gotham in the daylight, but Christian Bale may also be the first Bruce Wayne who's more at home crouching in a monastery with his hair in his eyes than attending a dinner party for which he'd have to trim his nails.
The movie takes such time and care to set up Bruce/Batman that it's a bit of a bummer when it launches into summer-movie overdrive.
Mr. Nolan's assured direction and pacing keep the movie feeling brisk even at its two-plus hour running time.
Works splendidly because it dispenses with the idea that Batman's archenemies have to be quirky, colorful, superficial savants, àla the campy television series from the sixties.
A fragmented tale with a disconnect between sulking mood pieces and hi-tech urban warfare, whose logic always seems to be beside the point.
Both in and out of the suit, Bale owns the role in a way none of the previous three Batmen did.
Here's how any great franchise should start: with care, precision and delicately wrought atmosphere.
Easily the best Batman film by far, the most accurate to the comic, pretty much the best comic adaptation ever, the best film so far this year
fans of the Dark Knight, finally feel proud again
This is a gritty and smart personal drama more than an action film. And it is what a Batman film always should have been.
It's passable entertainment that our culture has wildly overrated.
Where the movie fails, ultimately and sadly, is in its capitulation to conventional action movie wisdom.
A nonstarter.
I guess, seeing as Nolan's superhero epic is probably the best ever put to film (and that includes Superman II, Spider-Man 2, Batman and X2), I shouldn't have been worried.
Se trata de un filme oscuro pero muy humano y, por lo mismo, inolvidable. Un digno renacimiento para un gran héroe.
Nolan has created a dark, realistic and believable hero who fights personal demons like the rest of us. Burton's fantasy was fun but Nolan's is better.
This is how you make a superhero movie.
Une des meilleures adaptations de bandes dessinées à ce jour, sinon la plus accomplie.
The attention Nolan gives to the characters and the storyline brings Batman back into focus as an inventive heroic figure.
A rousing, reverent, often brilliant re-creation of a seminal comics character.
All the good intentions in the world don't change the fact that the new Batman is a bit of a bore.
Christian Bale and company delve into the darker side of the Caped Crusader as Batman Begins
Artful, daring and wise, it's one of the best anti-summer popcorn movies ever made.
[T]his is the movie that loyal and long-suffering Batfans have been waiting for ... it's artful and fun ... 'Batman Begins' really is a new beginning.
Burton's work checks in as the better movie, both aesthetically and artistically, however, and please hear me out, Batman Begins is the better Batman movie.
While the Dark Knight's return is not quite triumphant, and is bloated at 140 minutes, the filmmakers have retooled the black-caped crime-fighter with an eye to these perilous times.
Batman Begins isn't a case of DC setting a new level for comics onscreen, but rather a memorable example of how to keep up with the competition.
The word that popped into my head most often during the awesome experience that is Batman Begins was: Wow.
Out of the Tibetan mountains comes a new, more inventive version of the Caped Crusader's story than we've ever seen before!
Christopher Nolan, at the tender age of 35, has created a true summer blockbuster in what is probably the best of all the Caped Crusader films.
(...) Se ubica en un muy digno punto intermedio entre el pasatiempo comercial promedio y el cine de autor hollywoodense (si es que algo así todavía existe).
Without the biff! bang! pow! of pop signifiers, this intelligent, well-made film is too heavy to transport us anywhere but down the dark hole of its good intentions.
[Batman Begins] feels less like comic fantasy and more like serious drama, albeit one depicting the exploits of a psychotic ninja billionaire.
...[Christopher Nolan] has officially recharged the moribund Batman franchise with a top-of-the-line popcorn movie ...
A knockout.
A welcome new beginning.
For the most part, this film is a rousing success -- it's a clever reimagination of tired material and it's a great action film.
It is difficult to rate a film with such virtues and which also has such glaring faults. On balance it does enough that is impressive.
Even though the film does come down on Batman's 'side,' it raises as many questions about fear as political weapon as it answers.
Bale is excellent. He does looks a bit podgy and uncomfortable in the Batman mask, but this is the first film the Wayne persona doesn't seem as messed-up as the Dark Knight.
If Warner Brothers hoped that Nolan would reanimate the corpse of what should have been their most lucrative franchise, it has got its wish
'The best action film of the summer, so far...'
The curse if lifted, but who cast blank slate Katie Holmes? The bottom line is Batman isn't gay anymore but the homoerotic tradition lives on in Scarecrow.
The best thing about the film is also its most nagging liability, which is its absolute commitment to the addled past and continued unwellness of Bruce Wayne.
Batman's fights are blurred, incomprehensible flurries. You need a Garmin navigator just to make sense of them.
Instead of filling time with meaningless action, Batman Begins sets its sights on developing fearful moments.
Intriguing, insightful - it's a journey of the imagination, exploring the nature and power of fear.
A guy who would dress up like a bat, as Christian Bale says, "has issues." Does he ever. And we become acquainted with many of them in this incarnation of the Caped Crusader.
If not for "Spiderman," I would argue, there'd be no beginnings of Batman.
I'm being hard on the movie because I care. On balance, it's still a lot closer to the essence than Burton or Schumacher came.
A smash, one of the finest comic book adaptations of all time and one of the best films of 2005.
A Batman for action movie fans.
A defiantly adult film that succeeds where four predecessors have failed: Remaining true to the mythology it creates without enslaving itself in comic-book silliness.
Hooray. Zip-a-dee-doo-dah. Great day in the morning. Jumanji!
Batman Begins rocks.
There's so much going on, and so much to take in, that it leaves you winded. But that's origin stories for you. No one ever said setting up a savior would be simple.
It's awesome.
Holy gratuitous prequel, Batman!
Batman is reborn.
Riveting and refreshingly somber, this is the amazing story of the man behind the mask.
The movie has an impressive solidity that is lacking in nearly all such films of recent vintage.
A very successful attempt to resurrect the nearly-defunct Batman franchise by starting over.
Who knows where it may lead, but compared to other Batman movies, 'Batman Begins' is a stupendous start.
aims to return Batman to his darker roots and also align more clearly with the character-driven graphic novels that resurrected the character in the mid-1980s
Batman Begins is an overwhelming success that will please fanboys foremost and average, patient moviegoers second.
"Batman Begins" is Christopher Nolan at his best. It's his movie all the way.
Nolan brings the bat out of Bale and makes him the ultimate caped crusader.
The Dark Knight gets a much-needed reboot. As long as the franchise remains in the capable hands of Nolan and Bale, I think we can expect great things in the years to come.
This, dear friends, is how to do it right.
Nolan steadfastly refuses to turn this film into the special effects catastrophe it could so easily be.
...Batman Begins is generally an extremely entertaining, exceedingly well-acted summer movie. Unfortunately, that's all it is.
Those looking for a thoughtful, poetic fable about what's most frightening in our lives today may not be fully satisfied either, but this is the movie for them.
Delivers pretty much everything you could hope for from a Batman movie, unless you think that Batman begins and ends with Adam West in tights
Chris Nolan has earned his place in the Hollywood hall of fame with this film.
Nolan tackles Batman Begins with the wonderfully naive notion that he could give Batman a blank slate, which is probably why he succeeds.
Nolan fails to bring grace or sweep to the action; he stages and edits it too tightly. It's punchy, all right, but not pleasurable.
Batman Begins comes rushing off the screen like a long-delayed form of enlightenment, finally realizing the full potential of its center.
It seethes and it revs and it truly does rock; it rocks intelligently, but it is still very cool and even cerebral.
A movie that comic book fans can point to as the perfect adaptation of their beloved medium.
Christopher Nolan's reinvention of the Dark Knight gives this fabled franchise a sturdy, stylish structure that should last for years.
The class dynamics of Batman Begins are just insufferable. Thank heavens we have our incorruptable masked moneybags to keep the criminal poor in line.
...more `Sin City' than Saturday morning cartoon.
This may be the best Batman (he certainly has the best costume and the best excuse for dressing like a bat).
Not bad for summer jollies, but -- "Holy Raised Bar, Batman!" -- let's pray that the next installment measures up to the sequel summits of Spider-Man 2 and X2.
For all the hype about exploring Batman's damaged psyche, Nolan and Goyer haven't added much beyond a corny opening in which he falls down a well and is attacked by bats.
If you love Batman, then Batman Begins will the best Batman movie ever made. On the other hand, if you love Batman movies, Batman Begins may leave you wondering where the Joker went.
For a movie that engages in the daunting task of handling the entire exposition of a superhero and crafting an airtight adventure for him, it's quite an accomplishment.
Psychology of a Knight. Batman finally gets worthy back-story.
'Batman Begins' may be the best comic book adaptation I've seen.
The superhero icon has been retooled and supercharged, roaring to ferocious new life for a new generation.
Director Christopher Nolan brings plenty of action, character and atmosphere to the first worthy film adaptation of the classic comic book.
A more realistic but still stylish kind of comic book movie.
Gothamly speaking - The Batman rules. The cast is like a checklist of talents; from Christian Bale, to Michael Caine, to GARY OLDMAN for crimeny!...
There's nothing particularly wrong with Begins, but in a way, that's exactly what's wrong with it.
Batman Begins does all the standard things beautifully, then adds several additional layers of quality via the story and the themes. This is why I go to the movies.
A defining Batman.
Has a ball reinventing the mythos. Nolan's full-blooded, bleak-as-all-get-out reinterpretation of the Caped Crusader is so satisfying that it's a little scary.
Batman Begins is for morons.
Batman Begins delivers enough action to please Saturday-night crowds, if not the surreal wit that made the first two Batman movies, directed by Tim Burton, so entertaining.
Tim Burton's Batman could probably lick Nolan's Batman Begins. But in a fight between Nolan's Batman and Burton's, I know who'd kick whose cape-draped ***.
For you comic book fans out there, this is what you've been waiting for.
Accessible smarts, rousing action, one of the year's finest acting ensembles. This great film proves entertainment with a brain as big as its budget isn't dead this summer.
Simplement, le meilleur film de Batman jamais produit.
Not only is it the best Batman film, it is possibly the best superhero movie ever and one of the best pictures of the year.
... never before has the costume worn the actor; Bale is Batman with or without it.
Should we comment on the horrendous Batmobile? You probably saw the trailer, so there is no need.
There's a great actor around every corner in this film.
The muscular grit of the action sequences is leavened with nicely judged sarky banter.
A fully formed Batman, fleshed out in a glossy veneer.
Dismissing this as merely escapist entertainment would ignore the myriad adult themes that bulk up the picture, issues ranging from the duality of man to the politics of fear.
The Dark Knight is redeemed in Batman Begins. This is the best Batman movie of all.
Calling [it] the best comic-book movie ever isn't enough. It's more ... a dark and resonant drama of one man's tortured path from guilt-ridden victim to conquering avenger.
Nolan takes the Comic Book Film and Crafts a Zinger of an Art-House Film.
A confidently original, engrossing interpretation, with a seriously thought-through (but never self-serious) aesthetic point of view that announces, from the get-go, someone who knows what he's doing is running the show.
Nolan achieves a rare balance between the necessary but minimal exposition scenes and the action sequences.
Apart from the lumbering pacing and embalmed tone, the movie is densely forested with oaken dialogue, wasteful in its casting...and incoherently over-edited in its action sequences.
Batman Begins leaks existential phoniness from the first frame.
An impressive achievement that gives its hero a whole new lease on cinema life.
The Batman saga, once thought to be dead on screen, was only hibernating. With a dynamic new approach, Batman Begins revives the once-proud franchise.
Could be called Batman is Back, And it's About Time, Too.
Batman Begins storms along, with a few welcome catches of breath, though it has the climax overdose of the modern action whoppers.
Director Nolan remains true to his own vision, which is largely that of the original Batman comics. As a result, Batman Begins has a unity not often found in these extravaganzas.
Is it too much to ask that the action sequences not be monotonously, narcotizingly dull?
This new Batman is thought-provoking, certainly, but rarely fun.
A mature take on material often relegated to the kiddie file, and it's simply the latest proof that, when treated properly, comic books are a viable art form for all ages. Bring on the sequel.
When you shine too much light, you take away the shadows. And without those, the Dark Knight is just a guy in a rubber suit mugging muggers.
[It] is without a camp bone in its body; it is as self-serious as a self-flagellant penitent, begging forgiveness for past sins.
A new vision of the hero and a thoroughly enjoyable film.
If comic books must be a staple of our movie diet, please let them be as thought-provoking and thrilling as this.
For all the effort and expense that went into this salvage job on an old, abandoned property, I would have preferred that Batman -- now past 66 years old -- be given his pension and sent on his way.
Relentlessly moody, colorfully chaotic and symbolically transfixing, Batman Begins is definitely a new chapter that's instilled in the same old reliable book
Batman Begins is a remarkable movie. In making it, Nolan swept aside not only the other Batman films but the whole over-burdened shelf of previous super-hero flicks.
Holy rebirth, Batman, they're making good movies about you again.
Thanks to Bale's multi-layered performance, this is the best, most complex character to put on the Bat-cowl.
Here's a legend sometimes proved true: Sharp writing and thoughtful directing make the oldest tales seem new.
Bale, in his first venture into superhero status, hits just the right balance between Bruce's uncertainty and the intensity of his alter ego. Besides, Caine and Freeman elevate any project in which they appear.
Batman Begins is the kick-butt movie of the summer. It will lure you back to the multiplex to see it again.
Superhero pictures require certain conventions: a romance, a sidekick, cool weapons, a juicy but inconsequential bad guy who answers to the master villains. Nolan and Goyer meet these expectations in unexpected ways.
Finally, a Batman movie that's actually about Batman.
This stunning new effort from director Christopher Nolan doesn't merely resurrect the franchise, it positively reinvents it.
Christopher Nolan and David Goyer's somber prequel puts the darkness back in the Dark Knight's corner of crime-fighting hell.
A ponderous, deeply unironic psychological portrait with such a pervasive sense of gravitas that it borders on self-importance.
Batman Begins is one of those rare action films that I found myself eagerly anticipating the sequel...even before the first film had ended.
...the best comic-book superhero movie since the original X-Men, and that's saying something
Like Nolan's cult classic Memento, it's full of flashbacks; like his last film Insomnia, it digs deep into its characters' psyches.
After much unnecessary padding and delay, the film settles down to...a thinly veiled and thoroughly trivialized reworking of 9/11.
Nolan and Goyer go beyond the studio's call and treat Batman as a flesh-and-blood character, not a marketing concept.
Self-Help for Superheroes
Schumacher had suffocated the franchise with so much cheese and camp that even Adam West wanted to give the director a WAM! POW!! SOK!!!
The new adventure - bathed by rain and darkness much of the time - combines action with a clever gathering of all the now-familiar Batman elements: the suit, etc.
Batman Begins is certainly a solid restoration for the DC franchise, but it is flawed.
This film is serious, real, and most of all BELIEVABLE. This is both why it's amazing and fails to elicit a "strong" emotional attachment. Almost too serious.
You're just not going to find "popcorn entertainment" of a higher caliber than Batman Begins. You'll pull your hair out trying, so don't even bother.
Turgid... Tiresome... it's the lack of a dynamic villain that kills Batman Begins.
Christopher Nolan has gone back to basics, jettisoning both the silliness of the TV incarnation and the gothic and fetishist elements of the '90s version. This is a hard-core, down-and-gritty origin story.
Say goodbye to 'pow' and 'zowie.' Say hello to a level of raw excitement that at times makes Batman look like a predator for justice.
The best Batman movie since Michael Keaton's first--and this new one is unique in many ways.
I expect Batman Begins to make most fans of the Caped Crusader very happy. Memorable? I'm not sure yet.
Never boring enough to dislike... never interesting enough to be engaging
Definitely a comic book movie for adults... Of course, I'd let my kids see it if I had any. I ain't raising no sissies.
...completely dispenses with the camp (no nipples in this bat-suit, folks!) and goes for the straight story...
...finally provides us with an actor who is completely believable as both Bruce Wayne and Bathead himself, Christian Bale.
The hardware, relationships and story all feel fully real, and that's a rare achievement for a comic book adaptation aimed squarely at the pocketbook of the American public.
Quite good but not truly great...
A great movie, the best of the summer and the year so far, assuring that the trend of comic-book-to-screen adaptation trend will not only continue, but continue vigorously.
All the bad ideas like Robin, Batgirl, Mr. Freeze and the suit with the Bat Nipples are gone, only to be replaced by awesome ideas and lots of brooding.
Nolan has outdone both Burton & Schumacher and resurrected the franchise...bless you Christopher Nolan.
It's not the villains, but Batman who is the movie's scariest, unpredictable force.
a solid and frequently very good superhero flick, though it doesn't quite measure up to 2002's Spider-Man, a film which follows a surprisingly near-identical template
Sua maior virtude é não obrigar Batman a ser um centro de razão em um universo absurdo; desta vez, é a história que se vê obrigada a se adequar ao humor sombrio do herói.
Batman Begins isn't perfect, but it's one heck of an improvement over the films in the past - and it's a great way to welcome the DC heroes back to the silver screen.
I have always been a Superman guy - after all, flying trumps rappelling, and heat vision can do more damage than a Batarang any day - but then came this new Batman movie.
Batman Begins is involving and skillful, more so as a drama than as an action film.
They finally got it right.
An exhilarating picture that is almost operatic in scope and impact.
What makes this Batman so enjoyable is how the director Christopher Nolan arranges familiar genre elements in new, unforeseen ways.
The pragmatic reinvention...is countered by several equally pedestrian blunders that hold the film back as if Nolan and Goyer were standing on the back of Batman's cape.
Bruce Wayne's invention of Batman is the story of Batman Begins, and it's an epic one, with a suitably epic cast of A-list actors.
It's the best of the "Batman" movies and a thorough surprise in just how darn good it is.
Nolan takes Batman back to basics... this is Batman for adults, a fascinating thriller that's grounded in angst. ...a superb start to a new volume of the Batman chronicles.
A superhero saga grounded in the real world.
There's just the pleasure of seeing something that's both fantastic to the eye and emotionally dimensional. This is how to make action movies.
Batman -- the grittiest and most intriguing of all classic comic book heroes -- has found new and improved life in the latest film version, Batman Begins, with Christian Bale as the best Dark Knight yet.
A part of a laudable trend to give comic-based movies a kind of cinematic upgrade -- using actors instead of stars, and giving the material to interesting directors.
Christopher Nolan has loaded the story with enough myth and emotion that it would not be silly to compare it with the samurai tales of Akira Kurosawa.
Batman Begins, in its restraint and seriousness of purpose, so envelops the audience in its world that even the most outrageous developments seem perfectly reasonable.
Like a just-unearthed song by the Clash or a swell new way to mix peanut butter and chocolate, Batman Begins is a thrilling combination of discovery and familiarity.
Dark, dazzling and engagingly original.
The earlier Batman movies were charades. With Bale, it's a biopic, filled with nuance, emotion and contradictions.
Maybe, now that this version of the franchise has drained itself of explanatory residue, the next chapter will have more bounce.
With Christian Bale in the title role, this is a film noir Batman, a brooding, disturbing piece of work that starts slowly but ends up crafting a world that just might haunt your dreams.
This 140-minute movie proves to be fitfully engaging but neither as entertaining nor as brainy as it needs to be.
The action sequences feel like generic studio product, frantically and confusingly edited, and the lengthy Batmobile chase scene feels like a good opportunity to take the kids to the bat-room.
It's all a little disappointing, particularly given the talents involved.
An undeniable return to good form for the enduring comic book hero, an industrial-strength summer-action flick fantasia that manages to capture the excitement of the early Batman films while working in a decidedly darker tone.
It's a wake-up call to the people who keep giving us cute capers about men in tights. It wipes the smirk off the face of the superhero movie.
Not only easily the best Batman movie to date, but also one that will be nearly as entertaining to audiences who've never cracked a comic book as it will to fans.
Bale makes the best Batman to date.
Which,incidentally,could also be theme of the franchise.What has been corrupted has been restored,in a movie which encourages us that we have the power to make things better
No fan of cult director Christopher Nolan is going to regard this respectable effort as anything but a comedown from 2001's Memento.
Nolan turns Batman Begins into something much closer to Miller's 'Dark Knight' interpretation than the glamorous, slam-bang Hollywood jokefests into which the series had slipped by Batman and Robin time.
In Batman Begins, Christian Bale gives us the best Bruce Wayne that has ever graced the screen.
This is a movie I can get behind, a scary, exhilarating flurry of conflicting ideals, dark heroes, darker villains and good old-fashioned bang-up action.
It's about the birth pains of a superhero, with the emphasis on those pains as much as on superheroism.
Batman Begins at last penetrates to the dark and troubled depths of the Batman legend.
It's still an old-school superhero summer movie, the plotting tortuous, the characters relegated to one-scene-one-emotion simplicity, the digitized action a never ending club mix of chases and mano a manos.
Perhaps one of Batman Begins biggest joys is the casting against type of Gary Oldman [who] makes his piloting of the Batmobile one of the film's biggest rushes.
Batman never once seems to be in real jeopardy (though you can hardly tell from his voice, which makes it sound like he's undergoing a perpetual colonoscopy).
Bale brings a solemnity and a gravity to Bruce and to Batman that simultaneously creates a protomythic superhero and undercuts the idea...
Aims for mythical grandeur, underlined leadenly by a pseudo-Wagnerian orchestral score, only to become mired in pretension to Jungian psychological veracity
The analysis of Bruce Wayne's character puts this 'Batman' ahead of the others.
Smart and precisely crafted, Batman Begins is the most accessible comic film ever made.
Offers much to admire, but it's shrouded in the pall of the comic book industry's hard-won 'respectability' ...
It's tempting to call Batman Begins the Citizen Kane of super-hero movies; at any rate, it's the closest thing so far.
Nolan creates here a rich, imaginative world that will fascinate you for the full two hours.
Until the overblown, chaotic finale obligatory in Hollywood action movies nowadays, it's an abundantly moody, amply exciting exercise in cinematic resuscitation.
Buoyed by a crackerjack script, a horrifying villain, and a dramatic momentum that pulls like a dark, deadly undertow -- this is one summer blockbuster to be reckoned with.
The boy in the bestial batsuit is bigger and better than ever thanks to a dark veil of secrecy and the menacing genesis of family skeletons.
This movie opens with Batman in a Chinese prison! How did this happen?! Did he try to dry clean and dash?
an engaging super hero flick that is both realistic and fantastic.
It knows what this character is about, and crafts an ode to everything that 65 years worth of fans have come to love.
But there's no auteurist signature, no idiosyncratic imprint, on the film that distinctly marks it as a work of Nolan's, and thus it feels vaguely impersonal and remote.
And now a simple appraisal for the fanboys: Darkity-darkity dark-dark-dark! Happy now? You should be!
Strong writing, acting, directing. A surprisingly very strong film. You'll get your money's worth.
A deep, meaningful, fully fleshed out film that just happens to be about a comic book superhero.
MTV editing and an awful plot turn make Batman Begins an entertaining diversion, rather than a classic adventure.
The plot is pretty ridiculous and logic is never even tried. Even though it's 138 minutes of nonsense, it's action-packed and fun. The set design of Gotham is Oscar-caliber.
Nolan's too good for Bat business as usual. His secret for making Batman fly is as basic as black: Keep it real.
Finally, I can wash the taste of Tim Burton's Batman out of my mouth.
Fortunately, the film's cruddy action sequences and over-reliance on fireballs and explosions do not diminish the rock-hard depiction of its central character.
In his best, and darkest, outing to date, the masked avenger's personal 'issues' reflect those of the world in the wake of 9/11.
The movie slowly moves away from being an engaging film about people and starts to fit itself into the mold of every other dumb action movie you've ever seen.
[Bale plays] a Batman who, even demystified, still manages to cast a long, dark, mythic shadow.
La señal es clara en las alturas, la figura en las nubes no miente: Batman está de vuelta, más firme y más fuerte que nunca.
Brilliant.
It's all about fear and loathing, this high profile, big-budget product of a post-millennial United States--and it's about as good as it gets.
along with the fun, and there's plenty of that, there's a level of sophistication not seen before in this film franchise, a willingness to ponder the big questions
It's a new beginning for the bat... and a must-see summer movie for 2005.
Misses being the definitive take on the character precisely because helmer Christopher Nolan is no action director.
A bold and brilliant superhero movie, Batman Begins is the best outing ever for the Caped Crusader.
[Nolan's] effort is not dishonorable, but what it needs, and doesn't have, is a Joker in the deck-some antic human antimatter to give it the giddy lift of perversity that a bunch of impersonal explosions, no matter how well managed, can't supply.
Batman Begins is obsessed with fear from its opening frames, and it manages something that no other film version of Batman has so far: it's scary.
Bale is perfect as the conflicted Batman...
It's a violent and truly scary film and definitely not one for the kids. For grown-ups, though, it could well be the ultimate superhero movie.
In Memento, Nolan and his editor, Dody Dorn, created a new syntax for movies. It's depressing to see Nolan now relying on the same fakery as everyone else.
This is the best Batman movie ever by far.
In a year when the franchise watchword is 'dark', this delivers the full noir with a side order of dementia.
There is talent and cleverness here, but not much excitement.
The most Freudian comic strip movie in history, this psychologistic epic favors dialogue over action, relationships over rousing set pieces, characterization over visuals.
The ne plus ultra of comic-book films...an appropriately tough movie, busy but efficient, rich and thoughtful, and ornamented with visual appeal and exciting action.
For Christopher Nolan to turn Batman Begins into such a smart, gritty, brooding, visceral experience is astonishing.



@highlight

Brooding and dark, but also exciting and smart, Batman Begins is a film that understands the essence of one of the definitive superheroes.