Even with so much information lacking, Word Wars is still quite a treat.
Mostly lighthearted, yet somewhat unnerving.
Chaikin and Petrillo have crafted an empathetic and revealing portrait of four men whose obsession is both a little bit sad and more than a little bit recognizable.
There's a pronounced lack of emotional pay-off that likely will derail any attempts to position Word Wars as an aud-friendly crowd-pleaser with breakout potential comparable to Spellbound.
The picture offers a funny but frequently sad portrait of four world-class gamesters in serious need of the $25,000 in prize money.
You'll be on the edge of your seat to find out who wins, and how the losers take it.
Compellingly watchable.
...if you're a fan of films that concentrate on lesser known ingredients of our society...
The film fairly skips along as it introduces us to this strange world.
Think of it as the eccentric cousin to Spellbound...
The human element is kept endearingly rich a la detailed background info and flaring tempers that are the hallmark of the low-budget tournament circuit.
A highly entertaining look at these bizarre personalities and an insight into their obsession with Scrabble.
A surprisingly entertaining documentary that captures the triumph, the heartbreak and the consonants of the competitive Scrabble circuit.
Lively documentary.
Sly, smart and delightful.
... it's not quite as endearing as Spellbound, because we are looking at thirty-five year olds instead of twelve-year-olds, but it's still very interesting.
A thoroughly entertaining glimpse of a world most people don't know even exists -- and whether they wanted to know it exists may be a question.
A facile view of the Scrabble players' world, and ... rather condescending to [its] subjects.
An amusing and slightly alarming documentary about Scrabble nuts.
A watchable documentary.
Only occasionally do the thrill of the game and the passion of its players come together.
Almost as good as a triple word score.
Who knew Scrabble could be so exciting?
The film demands patience with grainy photography, garage-band power chords and eye-straining alphabetic jumbles.
Light, lively, informative, fun.
An amusing and slightly alarming Scrabble-freak portrait.
An entertaining peek at a cerebral subculture.
One need not play the game, or even own a board, to enjoy this film.
An entertaining but somewhat creepy look at the world of competitive Scrabble.
A welcome fix to audiences for whom today's Jumble game just isn't enough.
Word Wars is a surprisingly entertaining look at the competitive world of Scrabble...
For those of us who, like Bart Simpson, rely on words like 'qwijibo' to make high scores, it's an entertaining look at the ones who make the game look easy.
Without a story that demands to be told, it lacks the urgency and significance of a great docu but still offers a diverting entertainment for a television audience.
Quirky, entertaining documentary.


@highlight

Fascinating look inside the world of competitive Scrabble.