Van Damme performs two virtuoso sequences in JCVD, each filmed in one extended uncut shot.
By pitting JCVD the axiom against JCVD the person, JCVD deconstructs and deepens the understanding of both. It is nothing if not a triumph of humanism.
JCVD is an action film where the flamboyant heroics occur only in fantasy. Van Damme's most daring stunt is a monologue dropped into the middle of the movie, a self-pitying apologia...
It bequeaths to its eponymous hero a certain weary dignity, after putting him through the ringer.
Think of it as Sunset Bloodsport with Jean-Claude as Norma Desmond.
It's a watershed moment in Van Damme's career; the moment you realise the crazy bastard really can act. It's a tragedy of sorts that most of his fans won't even care.
Turns out as bad as the star's recent string of dreadful films except for the fascination to look at it as one would a car crash.
It has ensured JCVD will be remembered as an introspective, thoughtful and altogether more profound individual than anyone who ever watched him split a skull would have thought possible.
For all we know, it's just a big show, a put-on for our entertainment -- but what matters is that it's really quite convincing. You do want to believe this is Van Damme.
a bold attempt to humanize Van Damme, not by trying to ignore his personal and professional pitfalls, but by reminding us that behind ever movie star, loved or loathed, is a complex human being
...not your usual Van Damme movie...and a refreshing change of pace for the actor.
If you thought that Mickey Rourke had the market cornered on comebacks with his transcendent performance in Darren Aronofsky's masterpiece The Wrestler, then think again.
It's fun as far as it goes, and for the most part quite well made, but in the end it's really not about very much at all.
Mechri allows the verbally challenged action star dignity and, with this, the film works. Maybe next time he could bring Jean-Claude and Mickey Rourke together. Now that would be a movie.
...reveals ... a supple and engaging actor with a sense of humor and a rare kind of self-recognition. Van Damme knows what we think of him and understands why.
Van Damme has never done work like this before, and he's supported by the director's unique vision for the film
It's clever and unexpected, this confluence of dramatic fiction and real life that finds action star Jean-Claude Van Damme playing a version of himself in a heist movie
A real departure for Van Dame, but it ought to help his career. Who knew he could act?
[Van Damme] brings a kind of weary dignity to the role, and a surprising self-awareness...
It's as if he's trying to reach through the screen and show us the real guy behind the image he's spent a lifetime creating. I'm not sure if he's successful, but the attempt is fascinating.
His face has a Bogart-esque haggardness, and his speeches about his life and career have at least a semblance of painful sincerity. This spectacle isn't enough to keep the film from dragging, but it certainly has curiosity value.
It's fun, and moderately well handled by a young French director.
An existential-heist thriller with moments of dark comedy, JCVD is decidedly different and has its moments but you probably have to be a diehard fan to really cherish it.
Will make you see the Muscles from Brussels in a new light.
Seems like a spoof at first glance but this proves to be a compelling Post-modern thriller with gumption.
Unpredictable, engaging and even challenging, 'JCVD' is an intriguing oddity.
A captivating film with a superb understated, genuinely affecting performance from Jean-Claude Van Damme.
A Godardian coup de cinéma.
It's an amusingself-portrait which you want to indulge, but the film around it is so brash, manic and pleased with itself it may be difficult.
Jean-Claude Van Damme, B-movie megastar gone straight-to-video, is back with a career-best performance in one of the coolest indie movies of the year.
Despite sounding like a mutated variant of a sexually transmitted disease, JCVD is infectious for all the right reasons.
Directed with pace and a little too much surface gloss by Mabrouk El Mechri, JCVD works less as a suspense thriller and more as a treatise on celebrity, a confessional for its star.
JCVD is an oddball delight as the Muscles from Brussels pokes fun at his he-man persona. The film is amusing, engaging and delightfully strange, with Van Damme in impressive form.
Jean-Claude Van Damme escapes the pound-bin for a clever action-hero satire.
If you only ever watch one Van Damme movie, it has to be JCVD.
Witty in bits, noisy in others.
Our chastened hero steers a confusing course between self-parody and self-justification. "Van Damme needs just one thing ..." runs the tag line, "... to be himself". But does anyone still care?
This may be the best movie he's made. It's in French, by the way.
The rumours are true - this is indeed Jean-Claude Van Damme's best film for 15 years (and a career-best performance), but it's also unexpectedly sad and surprisingly moving.
Van Damme is so good, and El Mechri's storytelling so entertaining, that JCVD takes its place alongside The Wrestler as one of the unlikeliest but most welcome comeback vehicles in ages.
The movie is an act of image-exorcism, a preparation for his golden years?
van Damme's on-screen invincibility is summarily demolished, leaving us with a picture of a very different man.
You could hit up the DVD value bin and stage yourself a Lionheart and Kickboxer marathon to see the man the way he'd want to be remembered. Or at least the way I'd like to remember him.
Van Damme impressively takes the career comeback title from Mickey Rourke. It's an acting tour de force not to be missed. Van Damme bears his soul.
The movie's neatest trick is to let an introspective Van Damme muse about the perils of fame and being an aging action hero.
While it may not be a grand comeback vehicle for the so-called 'Muscles From Brussels', the film is his best in quite some time.
even with a smart concept and playful humor, JCVD runs out of juice before its conclusion
Whether or not Van Damme's lengthy monologue is sincere, it's an impressive bit of emoting from a movie star who has always let his feet do his acting for him.
This is not only a Van Damme movie that will make you laugh -- on purpose -- it could very well make you cry.
In many ways, JCVD is not much different from Van Damme's cheesier movies except it's wittier and, this time, he's in on the joke.
I was very satisfied seeing Van Damme prove that he can do something besides action, and what better way to do that then playing yourself? Even non-fans will be surprised by this!
The shock of seeing the "Muscles From Brussels" emote may have blinded many to the fact that his big comeback vehicle is a pretty mediocre movie.
A witty self-parody/comeback vehicle for Van Damme would have been easy enough to make; El Mechri goes the extra mile to make it a good film, too.
The only story that matters (in the larger sense) is that JCVD is a phenomenal achievement, and not despite the work of Van Damme, but thoroughly because of it.
Giving the performance of his life, largely in French, Van Damme delivers a soulful self-analysis.
The gentler Van Damme may disappear after just two pictures. If he does, I'm happy at least to have made his acquaintance.
At its core JCVD is a classic heist film. But [director] El Mechri delivers more blows to the cerebellum than his star as viewers trace the ins and outs of the flick's spiraling structure.
If you know Van Damme's work in the least, if you have any sympathy for the plight of the third-rate action screen hero whose days come to an end, JCVD will amuse and touch you.
If not for a third act that starts to fall asleep on itself, this would be in a walk the best-written satire of 2008.
A generally odd project: The balance of pathos and humor never seems quite right, and the end is as puzzling as any of the rest. But it's a remarkable Van Damme performance.
There's something seductively clever about the way French director and co-writer Mabrouk El Mechri has fractured chronology (à la Pulp Fiction) to examine JCVD's plight from various perspectives.
It's hard to resist: Here's a battered superstar who has occupied so many fantasies, but in his fantasies he's just like us.
JCVD has points of interest, but it may leave you feeling like you've just slowed down to look at a car wreck.
A clever art-imitates-life-imitates-art send-up of celebrityhood and the state of the action-hero genre, JCVD juggles humor with whomping martial-arts moves and a kind of melancholy star turn from the melancholy, muscular star.
... an action film where the flamboyant heroics occur only in fantasy and Van Damme's most daring stunt is a self-pitying monologue dropped into the middle of the movie.
Van Damme is an actor, pure and simple, and proves that he is just as deft and accomplished as the movies in which he appears.
Rreally inventive.
What if I told you that one of the coolest and most creative films of the fall starred.... Jean Claude Van Damme?
I think this may be the first ever documented case of triple Van Dammage.
JCVD is what you might get if a French deconstructionist decided to make a drive-in flick: It reverse engineers the mayhem until it locates the humor, the sadness, and the insecure void at the heart of the genre.
Put JCVD into the category of films that no one saw coming.
To the list of things you never thought you'd read --'America elects Black president, gas drops to 80c a litre, Red Sox win World Series,' etc. -- you can now add 'Jean-Claude Van Damme gives a great acting performance'.
It might be the most impressive stunt of his career.
JCVD is not an action movie but a shrewd satire about stardom and the cult of celebrity.
The film's odd conceit is its primary strength, with Van Damme in a nakedly honest, bravely candid turn that for the first time in his career can be commended as 'acting'.
Written and directed by Mabrouk El Mechri, this functions perfectly well as a Van Damme vehicle, but it's also a funny and poignant look at a man trapped by his own ridiculous reputation.
I sorta enjoyed myself. I could have done without the scene where he floats in anguished reverie, making Hamlet sound like an extrovert.
Mix in a bit of Hollywood satire, Fellini-esque commentary and a bit of self-mocking reflection and you've got one of the more entertaining and surreal melodramatic comedic thrillers of the entire year.
Playing a character based on himself, or more likely, the self that has appeared on countless tabloid and fan mag covers, Van Damme here invites meditation on genre, consumption, and pleasurable violence in a most visceral way.
Van Damme delivers a devastating performance as a downtrodden caricature of himself, infusing the role with such emotional complexity that he seems at times almost unrecognizable.
It exudes the kind of strange fascination that keeps you glued to the screen just to see what could possibly come up next.
El Mechri really thinks he is making Citizen Kane in his non-linear deconstruction of a mythical man. He hasn't, but it's a heck of a curio.
The film sags in the middle section, and it's more a novelty item than a fully formed work. But it's very entertaining. And Van Damme proves himself a brave, possibly foolhardy actor.
JCVD sputters badly during the bank heist scenes which, unfortunately, make up the bulk of the film.
A playful story that has no problem eviscerating its lead actor for comedic effect.
Instead of being a spiffy spoof, the movie gives its star little to do.
This may well be the most memorable Jean-Claude Van Damme movie ever, but I'm afraid that's not saying much.
A canny piece of autobiography that looks at the man behind the legend and the legend behind the man.
Whether it's ironic or funny or deeply intelligent, JCVD may actually be one of my favorite movies this year.
With JCVD, Van Damme proves he could make a viable career shift into humorous or dramatic character roles that hinge more on brains than brawn.
Mines the life of a minor celebrity for equal parts comedy and pathos, and scores on both counts.
...as surprising a reconsideration of an action hero as one is likely to find.
Self-referential projects are tricky territory, but Van Damme handles himself with such likable humor, this could be a career-changer.
Seagal, it's your turn.
For such a self-deluded vanity project, Van Damme brings the film to life, serving up a terrific lead performance.
The clever, stylish perception-teaser of a comic drama JCVD -- a reality-twisting cousin to Being John Malkovich -- showcases a Van Damme who's sly like a fox about his own image.
Part career-resuscitation attempt and part serious cry for help, Mabrouk El Mechri's Damme Day Afternoon rebranding effort is an incredibly intriguing failure.
No one will ever mistake these backstage shenanigans for Irma Vep. But as a self-regarding expression of masculine angst, it's a Damme sight more fun than Synecdoche.
The film itself doesn't rise above the level of a good try. In the absence of Godardian wit, JCVD needs more kickboxing.
Incalculably superior in tone, attitude, intent, and intellect to bulk of bodybuilder vehicles, shrewdly produced pic limits limber star's acrobatics to first and last scenes without great detriment to whole.
Van Damme gives a touching direct-to-camera monologue about his career and outlook on life that is the film's virtuosic centerpiece. Never underestimate JCVD.
Switching it up from dumb and dumber action thrillers to smart alek moviemaking, JCVD is Van Damme's girlie man unplugged, and literally his own worst enemy. It's no Dog Day Afternoon, but still a sensitive tough guy mock reality show with balls.
Van Damme puts his best work ever on screen, but ironically the guy who never relied on a good script before is let down by one here.
...is never quite able to hoist itself up to the level of its star...




@highlight

JCVD is a touching, fascinating piece, with Jean-Claude Van Damme confounding all with his heartfelt performance.