This is the essential ill that Sicko addresses, in an eruption that's the most unruly and uncategorizable part of the whole movie, and the most unmistakably heartfelt. You want the truth? Moore can handle the truth.
Sicko is wildly comic while tearing apart the country's health care system.
Sicko offers still plenty to get riled up about, but the firebrand ire of Fahrenheit 9/11 seems to have mellowed a little.
While Moore's sins aren't nearly as terrible or significant as those of the political system to which he stands opposed, his unabashed tendency to talk down to his audience is symptomatic of our culture of mediocrity.
Equal parts laugh-riot and call to arms.
In trying to decipher how Michael Moore has achieved his widespread popularity in the face of a somewhat cavalier attitude toward factual precision, there's no underestimating his savvy choice of targets.
Though his politics are unmistakably left, the documentarian's targets are almost exclusively the powerful and his work is fueled by optimism rather than cynicism.
More humble than Fahrenheit 9/11 and as enthralling as Bowling For Columbine, Sicko is another target hit square on the nose for America's premier documentalist.
Soon we realize that Sicko hinges not on what Michael Moore is uncovering, but on what he's hiding. This is a real shame as he's a talented documentary maker.
While much of Sicko is certainly propaganda, that should not deter anyone from seeing it or giving some credence to what Moore is saying, because what he is talking about is very real and very important.
Saddening while it still bristles with satire, "Sicko" does dodge some of the larger political questions about healthcare reform. Plus, the Cuba stunt mars what is, up to that point, a relatively stunt-free film.
Moore depoliticizes the health care crisis by humanizing it, and drops the polemic in favor of a plea: for us to care about each other a little more.
By now, it should only matter that Moore has been right about every social ill he's addressed.
ranks among [Moore's] best
Laughs are thin on the ground, but this is a must-see by a film-maker at the height of his powers.
The body politic deserves a finer thermometer than Michael Moore's camera
Michael Moore takes on the US health care system. His in your face style may annoy some people, but he lets you know he's in favor of socialized medicine and, to be fair, he wisely presents AMA spokespersons, doctors and others who claim put health care i
Maybe the film will cause a momentary stir and then fade, like Moore's other efforts, because the sickness is not just in the health-care industry but in the system as a whole.
There's plenty of grandstanding, most of it very funny. And in this instance, all that sizzle is selling the steak.
Sicko is an interesting film with a lot of very important things to say.
The priorities are humane by default, and he's strong on testimony from people who've been chewed up and spit out by our system -- and not just patients.
For the first time, the targets of Moore's film need not fear the bearded, heavyset man; instead they should be worried about his audience.
...primarily comes off as an uneven effort that's sporadically as superfluous as it is interesting...
Moore's mere presence becomes politicizing, but this film attempts to make people realize the health of people in this country should have nothing to do with income and politics.
While no rational person would believe Castro and Hillary are to be exalted, its medical horror stories are absolutely believable by anyone who's dealt with an HMO.
Prepare to laugh (nervously), cry and be outraged.
The film contains the usual Moore plusses and minuses, now familiar to anyone who's watched even one of his films.
Otro contundente alegato de Michael Moore que (...) conmueve y entretiene en partes iguales, atrapando a lo largo de sus dos horas.
If other countries can provide their people with universal health care, why can't we? If we can't, who are we?
Moore has again made a film which, though basically sound in logic, sugars the pill in a way which seems suspect in its determination to suggest that, as far as healthcare is concerned, America is bad and everywhere else is good.
A devastating exposure of America's iniquitous healthcare system, coolly marshalled and amusingly detailed by Moore.
Moore is rightly celebrated for his elaborately staged stunts and this film's highlight, involving a boat-trip to Cuba, is as hilarious as it is disturbing.
If Moore were a more radical polemicist, he might have focused squarely on this alarming social injustice, but, perhaps rightly, he sees a broader one. Even the insured are handing themselves over to a bewildering lottery.
There are several laugh-out-loud moments and Moore is one of the few directors who makes politics entertaining.
Mr Moore's excellent new film is a wakeup call.
A thought-provoking and often blackly-amusing movie that trumps even Fahrenheit 9/11 in terms of sheer entertainment.
While we all have our grumbles about the NHS, it's hard not to be caught up in Moore's righteous indignation on behalf of his countrymen, or not to feel a twitch of pride in our own.
Michael Moore's best film to date. Entertaining, moving, funny, hard-hitting, right-on. It won't silence his critics, but it will give them something to think about.
Entertaining, informative and frequently incendiary documentary, told in Moore's inimitable style, mixing humour, personal stories, on-camera publicity stunts and good old fashioned journalistic research to devastating effect.
An engaging, extremely well shot and edited film that draws on humour and irony to stir simple outrage.
A bitter but bracing pill. Moore constructs a fiery but unfanatical argument that boils down to a simple truth: Americans need to stop helping themselves and start helping each other.
Horrifying, heart-breaking, often hilarious - Moore's latest shock doc is a potent polemic.
Moore's commentary can grate, but his most brilliant prank - escorting a group of 911 workers to Cuba for free healthcare - manages to be political gelignite and intensely moving at the same time.
Overall Sicko's core and intentions if not its resolutions are hard to argue.
Sure, it makes some mistakes, but it got the job done. It's gotten Middle America talking about socialized healthcare.
Though the focus occasionally strays, the film emerges as a fascinating exploration and powerful indictment of a pressing national problem. This is Moore's biggest, best and most impassioned work.
A real breakthrough for Moore. Combines his customary wit with a real respect for his characters.
As warped and blatantly anecdotal as it is, it does make strongly a point well in need of making - namely, health care in the states needs an overhaul.
Metaphorically speaking, it goes straight for the jugular.
Nobody with a heart and soul could leave unchanged after seeing this scalpel-sharp documentary...I have three words of advice this summer: Seek out Sicko!
It's potent stuff as Moore picks at the scab of health care until it oozes with pus and impertinence
What makes Sicko such an effective op-ed piece is that it demands that its audience re-evaluate its thinking and ask the question, 'Who are we?'
Sicko shows that, at the very least, our health care system is a productive system. After all, it tirelessly defeats plenty.
Who could be proud of a nation that treats its people this way?
The best thing I can say about Sicko is that it demands that you think and feel. You cannot view it passively. At every turn, the movie is challenging your perceptions and opinions on our nation's health care system.
Michael Moore takes on U.S. Healthcare (or lack thereof) in this impassioned plea for change.
In amusing, opinionated and sometimes moving style, Michael Moore points his accusing camera at health care in the United States.
'Sicko' is a quieter, more focused and less feral beast than its predecessor, 'Fahrenheit 9/11', but that's not saying much.
One may quibble with Mr. Moore's anecdotal oversimplifications and his xenophilic fantasies, but he has struck a socio-psychic nerve in the body politic, generating a feeling of outrage that seems to be reverberating in every theater.
Moore effectively vents our collective rage, but his Cuba is like the Buena Vista Social Club, but with better benefits.
As in his earlier films, he's making an argument -- for the most part, very persuasively -- and he cherry-picks to support it.
This is a movie to see in a theater. It'a group experience. All through the show you'll hear people laughing, crying, muttering, cheering, sighing, swearing, and gasping. And at the end, chances are they'll be on their feet applauding.
even with its weaknesses, Sicko is, like all of Moore's other polemics, a compelling piece of work
Calling Michael Moore a documentary filmmaker is, at best, a stretch. However, his latest film is entertaining, enjoyable and yes, even a little balanced at times.
U-s-a! U-s-a!
Warning: watching Michael Moore's depressingly matter-of-fact dissection of the American health care system may have unpleasant side effects. It may make you sick.
In moving away from the dirty arena of polemics, Sicko accomplishes something Moore has sought for quite some time: coherence.
Since most of us have been screwed by our health insurance at least once, we're more likely to buy into his total lack of faith in the American system of ... health coverage
Dr. Michael Moore -- that good old boy from Flint, Michigan -- is in.
No other major filmmaker patronizes his audience this much.
Like Al Gore's documentary hit, Moore cleverly prods us to consider and act upon some inconvenient truths.
Hard-hitting, informative, wise and engaging muckracking documentary.
This is the best documentary of the year so far. This is Michael Moore at his one-sided, bombastic, pot-stirring best.
Even if you're in the camp that seethes with anger over Moore's politics, you'd have to be in a state of extreme denial not to realize that Moore knows how to make a movie.
A patriotic American who believes that no one should be left behind, Moore employs his latest film as a bludgeoning tool against insidious insurance companies and the corrupt politicians who let them get away with murder -- often literally.
The problem with Sicko isn't that it's wrong, it's that the messenger has become too much like the powers-that-be.
Michael Moore has given us an evenhanded, insightful look into the mess known as health care in this country.
The movie plays like an expose that would make Edward R. Murrow proud. And for that reason, 'Sicko' may be the most significant documentary to come along since HMOs were conceived under Richard Nixon.
Michael Moore's intentions have always struck me as honest and legitimate, even when his filmmaking practices do not.
Sicko is not Moore's best made documentary but he deserves praise for forcing an issue to the forefront of national debate.
Moore mostly lets the sufferers speak, their stories revealing the deep, oozing wounds of a broken healthcare system. . . . deliver[s] an adrenal shot, a strangely enervating mix of anger, shame and hope.
A persuasive piece of propaganda because it is as entertaining and funny as it is heart-rending and disturbing.
Moore does a damn fine job of bringing "hidden" information to light in a fast-paced and surprisingly entertaining fashion.
The target is simply too large and too obviously broken to keep the film from hitting home.
Moore pauses for a moment, seemingly overwhelmed by the experiences he's filming in his own movie, to ask, who are we, and what have we become.
Though a debate about practical application would be welcome, Moore's people-person approach and sense of humor make Sicko a warm, humane, sad, and funny response to a social crisis.
Nothing like a little political theater to rouse the rabble and to make the indignation righteous. There is no better master of such showmanship than Michael Moore
Michael Moore must be reading his own reviews.
Exposes the U.S. as a very dangerous place to be any combination of poor, sick and old and suggests that the AMA ought to consider changing its Hippocratic oath from 'First, do no harm,' to 'First, check the wallet.'
Better make sure you can afford cardiac care before you see "Sicko." Because these real-life stories could rend your heart.
Moore's simple triumph in Sicko is to pump fresh air into the discussion.
What will you see in Sicko? Heartbroken, worried, angry, feisty, funny and valiant people. They're irrefutable.
A rallying call to all Americans to demand more of our government than we have been getting.
Sicko may not be Moore's best documentary to date, but it's most certainly his most important and entertaining one yet.
Unlike his other films, Moore finally starts to offer some sort of a solution that involves something other than marking an 'X' next to a name that doesn't say 'Bush'.
What's striking about Sicko is that Moore, for a change, speaks more in sorrow than in anger.
I enjoyed Sicko. It's just that if I were less informed, I might have made my plans to go ahead and move to Cuba after exiting the theater.
Pardon the pun, but Moore has now become as big, if not bigger, than the issues he takes on.
Sicko is worth seeing -- as long as the big grain of salt needed for it is put on more than just the popcorn.
Even Moore's worst ideological enemies would be hard put to dispute the basic argument of his new film Sicko: The American health-care system is a sick joke and has been for a very long time.
he twists around the truth so messily, it's impossible to know what to believe and what to toss out as utter hogwash
Moore has finally made a moving, whimsical, infuriating film that won't just infuriate the right-wingers who've made a cottage industry out of hating him nor sing to the liberal choir who supports even his shadiest arguments.
Sicko will scare people, and it probably should.
Filled with personal stories, the picture jolts us back into awareness and outrage. Yet it's also Moore's most widely relatable film.
A galvanizing, infuriating and sometimes heartbreaking look into the red tape-snarled morass of the American health care system.
Moore is not subtle or tidy. He goes after his targets with a blunt instrument. So duck if you work for a private insurance company (Cigna takes a shot), big pharma, a congressman, or the White House.
"Who are we?" might be a better (if less jazzy) title for Sicko, Michael Moore's two-hour meditation on the sickly qualities of American health care.
His movies may not always be fully accurate in their details, but they almost always spur vital national conversation.
Moore may play loose with the facts, but you don't have to believe every frame in the movie to come away thinking that the message in Sicko is not only worthwhile, it is also inarguable.
A great piece of populist outrage and a dangerously good comedy about a looming American tragedy, as Moore details the lock-hold on American health care by drug and insurance companies, and the eagerness of politicians to be bought into submission by them
Even people who hate Michael Moore might warm up to Sicko, an indictment of America's health care industry so damning that it could galvanize citizens from all over the political spectrum.
Sicko is sometimes funny and often poignant.
Michael Moore's latest documentary-as-soapbox-vituperation is a damning, touching, darkly comical exposé on the United States health-care system.
The documentarian/stuntman showcases the catastrophic effects of our dysfunctional health-care system so acutely that the film serves its purpose: It puts a fire in your belly, and rage in your heart.
It's doubtful even Michael Moore would claim Sicko as the last word on the subject. But it is a first word -- a very loud first word -- and while it may have been said better, at least Moore said it.
Moore could open a lot of eyes with Sicko but as the song says, we don't need another hero, especially one self-proclaimed.
Sicko is a teaspoonful of documentary sugar in a summer of popcorn salt.
Raise your hand if you've had any Kafka-like health insurance dilemmas. Yes, that's a lot of hands. And as it turns out, at least one has been severed.
Moore's films usually make conservatives angry. This one is likely to strike home with anyone, left or right, who has had serious illness in the family.
What's the problem with government health systems? Moore's movie doesn't ask that question, although it does unintentionally provide several answers.
Sicko is Moore's best, most focused movie to date -- much more persuasive than the enraged and self-righteous Fahrenheit 9/11.
This is as hard-hitting and infuriating a document as you're likely to see all year, the director dropping his usual in-your-face style and adopting an observational tone perfectly suited to the material.
Like 'Fahrenheit 9/11,' 'Sicko' is about a nation's moral obligation...
We've been indoctrinated with the idea that socialization of any public service is a bad idea, leading to unnecessary bureaucracies and inefficiencies. Remember when they used to say, "If you like the way the postal system works, you'll love socialized he
Le film le plus émouvant de Moore parce que peu importe ce qu'on pense de l'homme et de ses méthodes, il est impossible de ne pas être touché devant une mère qui a perdu sa fillette de 4 ans à cause des décisions d'une compagnie d'assurance.
It's those personal stories, of ordinary lives destroyed one form letter at a time, that make "Sicko" so powerful.
Even though documentarian Michael Moore is pretty much preaching to the Canadian converted, Sicko is a biting and funny indictment of the U.S. healthcare system.
has the same level of outrage as most of his other films but a considerably less strident attitude. ... Whether you agree with Moore's points or dispute them, 'Sicko' should inspire plenty of lively conversations.
Think of this not as a news story but as an op-ed piece.
Michael Moore takes aim at his easiest target to date, and no doubt the hit he scores will become a hit.
This is top rate. It's funny, it's interesting, and there's just enough truth in there to make you mad.
If Sicko, like all of Moore's movies, raises more questions than it answers, you do have to hand it to the guy for starting the conversation (at least in pop culture) in the first place.
It's not impossible that this bitterly funny, bitterly sad call to alms could move reform back up the political agenda. For that reason alone, you owe it to yourself to see this movie.
It's more terrifying than any horror movie - and the most important American film of 2007.
Documentary-maker and agent provocateur extraordinaire Michael Moore turns his gimlet glance onto the much-despised US Health Service to extraordinary and heartbreaking effect.
After the screening, I stocked my First Aid kit, inquired about buying an MRI on layaway and began searching for a barrel sturdy enough to jump Niagara Falls and stake my claim to socialized healthcare and a life of free Zamboni rides.
Those with weak hearts and excitable temperaments should probably not be allowed to see the film
Sicko may just represent the high point in a well-documented resume. If we're going to be charged thousands for film of our innards, what's another ten bucks?
It will bring out the Michael Moore haters. It will have people taking legitimate shots at its logic. However, you can't deny SiCKO is an entertaining and thought provoking movie.
Presenting symptoms: queasiness, fever, hyperventilation, and mood swings. Diagnosis: You've just seen Michael Moore's latest film, "Sicko."
The national health-care expose Sicko is likely to divide audiences as much as his previous films. But it's also one of his better works.
A more responsible and less 'entertaining" film than [Moore's] past work.
Lots of Sicko stands as boffo political theater, but its major domo lost me by losing his sense of humor.
We Americans inevitably feel we know the best way to do everything, but the great accomplishment of Sicko is that it is difficult to watch this slyly confrontational film and remain sure.
With less lampooning and satirical asides, Sicko may be less "entertaining" than Moore's previous films, but it's also more affecting and effective.
Having been chided in the past for getting his facts wrong, this time he just doesn't present very many, preferring anecdotal evidence instead. The healthcare system needs medicine; all Moore has provided is a placebo.
Sicko, the professional provocateur's most accomplished and fervent film, is what the movie doc prescribes for temporary relief from the chronic headache that is the American health-care system.
The film is an alternately depressing and uplifting experience, a documentary whose ironies -- taking sick Americans to Cuba for cheaper, better health care -- won't be lost on anybody.
Sicko is Moore's most satisfying and mature film, with few cheap shots or transparent publicity stunts.
While so many liberal documentaries are angry and dour, Moore's approach is refreshingly funny and playful.
It may incite lawmakers in a position to help to trumpet their faux proletarian credentials.
This is essential viewing -- informative, corrosive, and even sometimes hilarious.
A better, more focused effort than Fahrenheit 9/11 or Bowling for Columbine.
A compelling, tear-jerking look at a vital piece of our infrastructure gone awry.
Overly simplistic and not terribly hard-hitting, but worth recommending for the unflattering mirror it dares to place before the government in charge.
Sicko represents Moore's most mature work as a filmmaker.
Moore still hasn't learned some basic rhetorical skills: Will he ever figure out that acknowledging contrary views gives your argument more credibility? But his movie is shocking, poignant and surprisingly entertaining.
Sicko, an investigation and indictment of a system choking on paperwork, greed, bad policy and countervailing goals, turns out to be a fuzzy, toothless collection of anecdotes, a few stunts and a bromide-rich conclusion.
You might applaud Sicko if you weren't afraid of breaking a finger and having to pay for it.
Though we will differ on the methods of improving the American health care system, Sicko's enduring contribution is the undeniable evidence that the system is broken.
Here's an issue that transcends politics and speaks to basic human need and collective responsibility; perhaps we need Moore's cudgel to make the case bluntly.
Moore seems to trust his audience this time out, allowing the interview subjects to tell their stories without repeating his cheesy move from the past of stepping into the frame himself, shaking his head in awe.
Moore wisely doesn't editorialize too much about what his camera captures. He knows that it doesn't matter to the audience whether they live in a blue or red state or if they're pro-gun control or not.
SiCKO is, without argument, one of the most important films you'll ever see in your lifetime, which might be rather short depending upon your HMO.
Michael Moore's most accessible and ultimately touching film yet
SiCKO is sensational. It's perhaps the best movie Michael Moore has ever made
Provocative, funny, and all around exceptional.
Simplista e ocasionalmente sem foco, o filme é bem sucedido ao ilustrar o horror do sistema de saúde dos EUA, mas falha ao limitar suas respostas à comparação com o sistema de outros paises, ignorando as muitas causas do problema.
In another lifetime, Michael Moore and George W. Bush probably would have been great friends.
If you get sick, move to Canada, France, or Cuba.
If you chose to remain in this country after the 2004 election, then Moore's latest might get you mad enough to want to leave, especially if you've ever suffered through its inadequate health care system.
Despite the accusations of manipulation, condescension and playing fast and loose with the truth, Moore's brand of commentary is difficult to resist.
It works very well.
Moore winds up treating the audience the same way that, he says, powerful people treat the weak in America -- as dopes easily satisfied with fairy tales and bland reassurances.
Sicko is Moore's best film: a documentary that mixes outrage, hope, and gonzo stunts in the right proportions; and that throws an unforgiving spotlight on what is, in both senses, the elephant in the room.
[Moore] turns potentially dry material into a film that's funny, poignant, and a call to arms.
Such coincidence grants Moore's film a narrative structure with a familiar political point: the crises facing regular citizens are connected, as well as ongoing.
Although one-sided, it's arguably a lot less problematic than the health system it asks viewers to cast a critical eye on and consider alternatives to. And very entertaining.
Moore's very existence provokes irrational hatred on a level I haven't seen since Nikolai Volkoff and the Iron Sheik defeated The US Express at the first WrestleMania.
Moore failed, with Farenheit 9/11, to keep George Bush from reelection in 2004. My wish is that he succeeds with his latest quest.
Michael Moore is the P.T. Barnum of America's liberals, bombastically attacking his opponents and frequently letting his ego spill out onscreen.
Full of half-truths (e.g., the French government his characters praise was thrown out of office after the film wrapped), this is just more of Moore's pathetic propaganda
[Moore] takes on the American health-care system and makes the enraging, bombastic case that it's sicker than any patient.
Why give Moore a free pass just because you support his ideologies? In the end, the real loyalty we owe is to truth.
Sicko is Michael Moore's most mature work to date and almost certainly his best film.
Funny, sad, eye-opening, infuriating, shocking- and pure Michael Moore. A must for anyone who cares about the state of their health and the health of the States!
Michael Moore is an incurable optimist who believes in the ability of America's core values to come up to par and exceed other countries in the way our government takes care of its people.
A blistering and convincing documentary designed to spur reform for a new system of universal health care.
That the treatment of patients in America is shockingly inhuman in many cases is obvious, and Moore uncovers a huge number and variety of horror stories about it. Like much of his work, though, while the film will inspire plenty of discussion through its
Michael Moore takes on the American health care system with grit, determination, and - believe it or not - subdued arrogance.
Moore's motion pictures are consistently hysterical, devastating, dynamic pieces of entertainment.
It's not a perfect movie but it will make you think - and the conversations you'll have afterwards are worth far more than the price of admission.
Whatever anyone's feelings may be about Michael Moore, it's hard to disagree with his argument that health care in the United States is broken and needs to be fixed.
It takes some skill to present a topic most people might agree with you about already, and actually still be able to move your audience with your story.
Moore's most sincere portrait of American life in the trenches since the groundbreaking Roger & Me.
At the very least, he's raised a warning flag that shouldn't be ignored.
Mr. Moore has hardly been shy about sharing his political beliefs, but he has never before made a film that stated his bedrock ideological principles so clearly and accessibly.
It is quintessential Moore: expertly crafted, eminently entertaining, one-sided and overly simplistic.
This is a movie, not a position paper, and Moore aims to entertain as he informs.
Make no mistake: Sicko is an explicit call for revolution, and it is a profound and horrifying one.
What's most striking about Sicko is how composed, even serene it is compared with Michael Moore's previous acts of cinematic insurgency.
Though the title of the film is an explicit reference to our health care system's sad state of affairs, it may also apply to anyone unable to relate to the struggles of everyday Americans who have to pay for overpriced and ineffectual medical coverage.
The silliness of Moore's oeuvre is so self-evident that being able to spot it is a basic intelligence test, like the ability to match square peg with square hole.
Sicko, which takes on America's profoundly profitable and catastrophically inefficient health care system, is Moore's most assured, least antagonistic and potentially most important film.
In between the laughter and the tears, it's an intensely effective, gut-wrenching experience.
Its major drawback is its failure to allow even a single dissenting argument, but Moore proves again to be the most entertaining and opinionated documentarian in America and greatest opponent of greed.
In a summer of dumb, shameless drivel, Moore delivers a movie of robust mind and heart. You'll laugh till it hurts.
Moore, despite all the accusations of manipulation and economies with the truth, is hard to resist and few others would be prepared to put themselves so firmly in the firing line in such a doggedly determined way.
As both harangue and movie tragicomedy, Sicko is socko.
Moore can't resist over-egging the ironies, or revelling in the absurd. [There's] a strong whiff of sanctimony about Moore's mighty indignation. It draws the sting from his satire.
It may not be subtle, but it makes for great, heart-on-sleeve cinema.
May I introduce a new phrase into the Franglais dictionary? C'était un slam-dunk.
An affecting and entertaining dissection of the American health care industry, showing how it benefits the few at the expense of the many.
This is the movie where Michael Moore gets a few Michael Moore haters off his back.
Less fueled by anger and less incendiary than his former work, Sicko finds Moore in a lighter mood, serving as a contempo Mark Twain or Will Rogers tour guide in a cross-cultural survey of health systems and lifestyles in Canada, France, UK, and even Cuba

@highlight

Driven by Michael Moore's sincere humanism, Sicko is a devastating, convincing, and very entertaining documentary about the state of America's health care.