This grueling, training-wheel romance comedy covers a six year stretch of time in which Generation Y boy toy Oliver Martin (Ashton Kutcher) slowly realizes that he can't wait for his life plans to gel before committing to his affection for his narcissist
The typical romantic comedy keeps the leads apart or until just before the closing credits. This film falls flat because they engage in sex during the picture's opening sequence.
At least it's not aggressively stupid...A Lot Like Love is an agreeably mediocre movie that can be watched, enjoyed and forgotten about in the space of a single day.
full review in Greek
[Ashton] Kutcher and [Amanda] Peet are likable stars, but A Lot Like Love doesn't have anything original to say.
While not as aggressively mindless as many of its ilk, flick suffers from simple fatigue, as in: We're tired of seeing the exact same love story over and over.
...the script gives the actors virtually nothing to do and nothing to say in this subpar genre entry.
Uma obra aceitável, simpática e até mesmo divertida - e se isto acontece, os méritos cabem ao diretor Nigel Cole e à simpatia de Ashton Kutcher.
Successfully turns the rom-com genre on its head.
That's weird. I'm sure that When Harry Met Sally had been made already. And didn't it used to be funny?
A cut above the usual rubbish, thanks to a smart script, some gorgeous photography and the chemistry between its two leads
Although not as scathingly funny as the Ryan-Crystal classic, director Nigel Cole offers an engaging romance infused with the warmth and optimism of his previous films Calendar Girls and Saving Grace.
An above average venture into the tired world of romantic comedy.
Do you want to be a celebrity, get free clothes, comp'd rooms, and VIP treatment, or, do you want to be an actor? Kutcher chooses.
Gen-Y When Harry Met Sally update just barely works, thanks to Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet's chemistry.
The film never convinces us that these two need to be together.
It is an utterly irresistible collection of amorous vignettes, held together by Nigel Cole's (Calendar Girls) confident direction and the ferociously captivating charms of actress Peet.
It doesn't hurt that there's plenty of chemistry between Peet and Kutcher...
... the whole production is simply as mediocre and half-baked as Hollywood gets.
It's strikingly well shot and acted, without resorting to sitcom silliness ... then just when it should end on a sigh, it spirals into the same old stupidity.
A Lot Like Love isn't half bad; it may even be a little better than that....some first-rate comic direction...
If this is the state of courtship in the 21st century, then romance is not only dead, it's decomposed.
No sane person dates anyone who identifies with this.
Having sex before they know each other's names. Spitting water on each other. Showing each other chewed food. Antics you want to see from a young couple in love? Me neither.
We learned last year that not even Jude Law could keep audiences interested for six movies in a year. Kutcher's limit appears to be one.
This is the kind of movie where the lovers don't have to worry about fate keeping them apart -- all they do is manufacture excuses not to be together, because if they didn't, you wouldn't have a movie.
The only reason I was rooting for them to get together was that than they would both be off the market.
An effort to root for the central pair becomes frustrating, especially when the cliches start to pile up.
A lot like every other Ashton Kutcher movie - BORING!
Amanda Peet is a survivor.
As with any successful romantic comedy, chemistry between its stars is the key, and the Kutcher/Peet combination definitely works in 'A Lot Like Love.'
a mild, pleasant variation on the kind of comedy that Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan used to make -- waaay back in the '90s...
Rumor has it that the original title for this romantic comedy was When Harry and Sally Joined the Mile High Club.
Your reviewer is of the opinion that Amanda Peet deserves much better parts than she's been getting, but that's not enough to lead him to forgive the film its problems.
An unfortunate casting decision, however, comes close to sabotaging a witty script with fresh insights into the trend of young people postponing marriage while waiting for some grand plan of theirs to materialize.
Oliver plans to make it big by selling diapers through the Internet, maybe the very same service that provided Colin Patrick Lynch's script.
When Harry Met Sally... is the cream of the crop; this is 2 percent milk.
A pleasant little romantic comedy that doesn't try too hard and has the virtue of doing a few things differently.
A Lot Like Love ... is a cute movie.
It's an amiable enough diversion that unfolds like a bland cross between When Harry Met Sally and Serendipity.
Just when you despair that a whole generation could grow up without a decent date movie, without a romantic comedy that works well enough to call its own, Ashton Kutcher goes and surprises you.
A Lot Like Love is, well, a lot like many other movies. It's also a lot like having your eyeballs seared by a propane flame -- in a bad way.
A Lot Like Love is a lot like many other movies of the rom-com ilk, in that we are left with absolutely no doubt about the outcome.
A Lot Like Love would be so much closer to perfect if it sustained its idiosyncratic tone.
While Kutcher is charming, endearing and, to all appearances, perfect boyfriend material - especially when he's signing with his hearing-impaired brother - Peet is merely passable...
Kutcher is a master of the satisfied grin. It's one of his two expressions, the other being the goofy, ear-to-ear smile, which often follows or precedes his satisfied grin.
A Lot Like Love is built around a string of coincidences, accidents and unlikely situations that send your eyes rolling in their sockets like marbles.
It doesn't sound like much, but the actors and director Nigel Cole really do fill the space that contrivance usually occupies with lots of charming and believable behavior.
They may truly believe they're serving up a delicious confection, but it still tastes a lot like garbage.
I'm considering sending an all-is-forgiven e-mail to the director of Just Married. As moronic as it was, at least it had some antic energy.
It's a lot like a waste of time.
Too often, the script collapses into what feels like improvisation, in which the characters find a kind of common ground: Infantilism.
At the very least, it's a pretty painless date flick. At best, you might shed a happy tear.
A Lot Like Love is about fairly average if absurdly cute people who develop a relationship over a period of seven years. Sound exciting? You're right, it's not.
There is a certain audience for whom such cinematic comfort food will be welcome, and the film's stars are likable enough to at least ensure that it's watchable.
I don't know about you, but seeing Kutcher grind a mouthful of Cheetos into an orange pulp isn't something I've been longing to have emblazoned on my consciousness.
A throwaway date movie, but with enough quirky touches to almost make it worth recommending.
It's a lot like a romantic comedy, except that it's not remotely romantic or even mildly funny.
As usual with romantic comedies, the premise keeping these two apart grows tired by the second half and absolutely limp by the conclusion.
In not one but two scenes we are asked to laugh because the actors have inserted objects into their nostrils. Request denied.
The producers of this stillborn romantic comedy are betting there are many more college girls than there are testy movie critics, and they're doubtless correct.
Would be more aptly named A Lot Like When Harry Met Sally.
Derivative of at least three better movies with a joke taken from the internet, and still not funny or appealing, despite another good performance by Ashton Kutcher.
If this was a lot like love, then love really does hurt because it was painful to sit through.
Quirky, terminally cute, instantly fogettable fluff.
[It's] a lot like a romantic comedy. In fact, it's a lot like several better-known and better-made romantic comedies.
I don't know how comfortable I am proclaiming this, but 2005 could be the year known for the rehabilitation of Ashton Kutcher.
Cole treats his lovers -- and his audience -- like adults, and that makes this modern romantic comedy an affair to remember.
A fairly enjoyable movie, but one to be appreciated apart from ways in which it was probably intended.
Oddly interesting, but not enough to pull the film through the last half hour as it looses steam and energy as it dwindles to its inevitable conclusion.
In what could be called "When Harry Met Sally for Adolescents" there is little romance or comedy in what, the filmmakers claim, is a romantic comedy.
Kutcher and Peet's goofy wooing is playful and makes "A Lot Like Love" more enjoyable than not
Tedium and plot-a-bilty await ye...
Earns points for resisting the usual corny romantic comedy gimmicks (I'm looking at you, The Wedding Date!) for most of its running time.
You get the feeling Ashton Kutcher is a busy man trying to cash in on his fame before Demi dumps him and he starts to lose his hair.
Love isn't insulting, just blindingly tedious, achingly unfunny, and negligently directed.
A Lot Like Love is one of those romantic comedies that features characters so annoying that one hopes they break up and save the gene pool irreparable damage.
A Lot Like Love wants to be like When Harry Met Sally. . . when it grows up.
Though hardly memorable, it's a sweet enough effort that gives both Kutcher and leading lady Amanda Peet a rare chance to stretch beyond the facile posing, mugging and comedic zingers with which they've typically been saddled.
Nothing Whatsoever Like Love and By the Way, Nothing Whatsoever Like a Good Movie, Either.
Love's life is in its leads and some fairly crisp pacing.
A lot like a lot of other romantic comedies.
Love hurts.
We're supposed to feel that they're made for each other, in the When Harry Met Sally vein, but we never feel the chemistry.
A delightful surprise: Previews promoted the movie's juvenile laughs, but they omitted the sizzling, heartfelt relationship at the center of the story.
The movie is 95 minutes long, and neither character says a single memorable thing. You've heard of being too clever by half? Ollie and Emily are not clever enough by three-quarters.
Kutcher is surprisingly well cast as the awkward, somewhat dorky Oliver, and Peet is charming and charismatic without being cloying or artificial.
A lot like love? Hardly. Would you believe, maybe, a little like mild indifference?
What Lynch strenuously avoids is any examination of who these two individuals are, how the passage of time affects them and what could possibly draw them back together given that neither one of them is a walk in the park.
A lot like any number of romantic comedies, but there should always be room for another good one.
Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet star as a would-be couple in a pleasant romantic comedy without arty aspirations or low-brow yucks.
It's a beguiling little romance that moves ahead with a smart, refreshing charm.
A gem of a love story—honest, funny in an unforced way, sometimes painful and, ultimately, winsomely romantic. One of the nicer surprises of 2005, thus far.
If Kutcher ever quits Hollywood, he can get a job at Guantanamo Bay torturing prisoners with his singing.
Why don't they just settle down with each other and save us all 107 minutes?
Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet keep the movie on the level of puppy love.
A witty, sharply observed romantic comedy.
An inane flick about two immature lovers.
Rare for a rom-com in the age of e-mail, director Nigel Cole (Calendar Girls) is more interested in physical than verbal repartee.
A lot more attention went into the details of this movie than do most assembly-line romantic comedies, and it shows.
Ashton still awaits a film that could make use of his talents.
The bottom line in any teen date movie is: Do they make a cute couple? Actually, cute is what they do best.
A Lot Like Love sags and droops into the shape of a movie that's too much like every other conventional romantic comedy that loses its cool.
It's a movie by and for folks who've been around the relationship block a time or two.
With less fluff and more funk than is usual for the genre, Kutcher and Peet make surprisingly appealing foils for each other.
Most offensive are not these ridiculous and contrived rendezvous, but the notion that from them is supposed to come a true friendship, one that may or may not slip into the big l-o-v-e.
Instead of enjoying the ride, you wind up counting how many more dreary sequences you have to get through before the movie finally reaches its foreordained conclusion.
For the most part, it's a nice, reasonably entertaining little ride along the tortuous path of love.
Deliciously fresh, ingenuous and beguiling...until its out-of-character finale of contrived misunderstandings that stink of a studio-mandated rewrite.
A Lot Like Love is a lot like a romantic comedy, except that all that's keeping these two kids apart is the trivially insufferable movie they're in.
The audience waits an eternity for two beautiful but baffled meant-to-be wanderers to realize they belong together, which we figured out before we stepped foot in the theater.
The movie's biggest surprise is in how well casting works. As Oliver, Ashton Kutcher is, for a change, adorable rather than annoying and irresistible rather than irritating.
The chemistry between diaper salesman Ashton Kutcher and photo hound Amanda Peet is so off that the pairing scans as an alienation effect.
Never lives up to the pleasures of its first half, but the filmmakers remain as lovestruck by the story as its characters are with each other.
A precocious laugher that manages some fresh tangents before dissolving into conventional pabulum.
Carries a certain charm that should play well to the under thirty-set that it seems to be aiming for with its 90s nostalgia.
Ashton Kutcher's latest is a lot like a great movie, but not.







@highlight

A tiresome rom-com.