About as predictable as socks under the tree.
It's too sparse in the comedy to be really successful--every good joke is in the commercials--but it's got some heart and that counts for something.
Maybe if Four Christmases had extended itself beyond white trash targets and projectile vomiting, we could've been talking about a new Christmas classic right now.
Movie-goers heading to see the romantic comedy Four Christmases might want comedy, Christmas cheer and chemistry, but nobody gets everything on his wish list.
How many Academy Award winners can a studio put in one cast and still turn out a bad movie?
Although not a yuletide classic, Four Christmases is better than most of the holiday-oriented slop put out in recent years.
For all of its snarky holiday/family bashing, Four Christmases wimps out in the third act and reaffirms all the traditional values it affects to mock.
Maybe catch one of the other hundred holiday films to be offered over the next few weeks and wait for Four Christmases to come to your local Red Box.
Grows tired long before the end credits start rolling at the 80-minute mark.
There is no spark to the humor, there is no warmth to the drama. There is a tired plot that whips the essence of every Christmas movie ever made into a dreary slog
Feels like they wanted to make 5 different holiday movies and couldn't decide which plot line was best, so they rolled them all together, glossing over everything.
Projectile baby vomiting is a recurring gag. I cried mistletoe well before the film was halfway through.
Feels both too cluttered and too safe.
This is marginally better than most, with a few offbeat comic ideas, a reliably droll performance from Vaughn, and, as the parents, four watchable old troupers in search of a fat paycheck.
You can see most of the big slapstick set-pieces looming long before they hit but there are a few smaller routines that pack a punch just because they have an unexpectedly manic tilt to them.
An embarassment for all involved.
Four Christmases boasts one of the most impressive casts ever assembled to make a movie that is, at best, only mildly amusing.
A good start to the holiday season.
Filled with 'hilarious' scenes of people being vomited on and falling off roofs, Four Holidays tries to meld nasty, black-hued comedy with warm sentiment, resulting in a sick melange of treacle and malice.
An imperfect storm of horrible writing, awkward casting and questionable taste gathers soon after the opening credits and dumps downpours of buzz-killing humour at depressingly regular intervals.
There are worse holiday-related ways to spend your time than Four Christmases, I suppose. Making a three-hour drive to grandmother's house in pea-soup fog, for one.
Four Christmases is the kind of film that you should only watch if you're trapped on an airline and can't fall asleep, the kind of holiday film that makes Jingle All the Way look like a cinematic tour de force.
So monstrously awful that it will probably make a fortune, spawn sequels and cause a mania for gags involving projectile-vomiting babies.
Witherspoon and Vaughn play two characters who are totally unlikeable, and the movie as a whole is too.
Gordon's stars are charmless, his script cheerless, and his sterling supporting cast can't seem to figure out what they've been brought on board to do.
Didn't quite get over the hump.
Oh, the hilarity of hating your family at the holidays.
Even apart from the retarded and retread contrivances that provide context for their argument, Four Christmases is intensely disturbing in its class politics.
Vaughn and Witherspoon are plainly uncomfortable in their roles,... two of the flattest performances of any romantic comedy of recent vintage.
Proving that quantity does not equal quality, director Seth Gordon (The King of Kong) presents Four Christmases, a weak, soulless holiday film in spite of its inclusion of five previous Oscar winners.
A top cast just manages to keep Four Holidays afloat but the script offers too few laughs, and slapstick turns to schmaltz before we've had enough Christmas Cheer.
...lowbrow humor that fails to delight.
I hope I meet a girl who can keep up with me like Reese Witherspoon. Not a blonde though. Sorry, not my type.
Despite a horrible trailer that seems designed to keep people away, this is an entertaining movie with good performances by Vaughn and Witherspoon.
Letting the hulking Vince Vaughn near a Christmas movie is just like giving a knife to your crazy drunken uncle during a seasonal family gathering--it's reckless, pointless and ultimately foolish in concept.
Although the list is rather short, maybe Vince Vaughn should think about throwing in the towel when it comes to starring in movies that deal with some aspect of Christmas.
Vince Vaughn tries his best at ab-libbing his way through the film, but Witherspoon seems to have no clue what she's doing. If you're desperate for a Christmas comedy, rent SURVIVING CHRISTMAS instead.
Witherspoon works hard to convince us otherwise, but this is a miscast mess. Definitely a turkey rather than a Christmas pudding.
Even with the cliché and rushed ending, the flick survives on its clever dialogue that made me laugh out loud a dozen times.
The mix of gross-out gags, slapstick and saccharine sentiment should boost the sale of indigestion tablets this festive season.
These embarrassing truths, indeed the entire film, take a great deal of hard swallowing. The mawkish ending is thoroughly predictable. But it's not quite as ghastly as the ingredients might suggest.
In this egregious Christmas movie, Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon each demonstrate the classic "Hollywood romcom" face: waxy as a corpse, dead-eyed with self-loathing.
Seeing such talent wasted on this dross is dismaying.
But as syrup and cynicism congeal into one painful clot, there is never any doubt that this is a major studio's crack at the Yuletide market.
Witherspoon and Vaughn are physically ill-matched. She has never looked tinier, while the always gigantic Vaughn has put on so much weight that I half-expected the big plot revelation to be that he'd eaten her twin sister.
This bit of festive froth is nothing original but it delivers enough moments to make you smile.
Vaughn overcompensates with wild expressions as the film shifts from occasionally funny to smutty to sentimental.
A laboured romp.
A fabulous cast is thrown away on forced gags; still, by the genre's standards the message is interestingly complex and ambivalent - pro-family, naturally, but with such qualifications that you almost feel it's sincere.
It feels like a long slog toward a half-baked ending that wants to have its sugary Christmas cake and eat it.
Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon play the leads. Do they convince as lawyers or lovers? No. Do they convince as space aliens trying to infiltrate the human race? Yes.
Average family comedy that's saved by likeable performances from Vaughn and Witherspoon, though it bungles its emotional finale and feels a little flat as a result.
This film is too fragmented to ever come together. Although terrific actors and some serious subtext make it enjoyable.
Seems intent on being as generic and lowbrow as possible, with broad slapstick emphasized over witty dialogue or interesting characters.
Director Seth Gordon's debut feature is a mutant meringue of a movie, with the sugar icing oddly squashed beneath the bitter lemon filling curdling on top. The result is an unpleasant goo that's neither sweet nor sour.
Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon can't bring this Yuletide comedy home, but without their chemistry and respective personalities it would be dire.
What a horrible little movie.
Witherspoon and Vaughn, for their part, fail to exhibit any sign that they met before shooting day -- let alone are playing characters who have dated for three years.
The trailer focuses almost exclusively on broad, physical comedy sure to draw the yahoo crowd but not necessarily anyone else. A more representative trailer, on the other hand, would have revealed a movie that's actually worth seeing.
We've enjoyed their cocky selfishness; just as much, we bask in schadenfreude when they get guilted into making the familial trail of tears.
The film is not a memorable Christmas present for viewers. But it's no lump of coal either. It's passable entertainment with just enough good laughs to make it worthwhile.
Four Christmases is two Christmases too many. Two I could survive. But four of them? Nah. Call me Scrooge. Bah humbug.
Delightful apart but deadly together, Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn look, throughout Four Christmases, as if they just want to get this thing over with.
Four Christmases is a fun and fascinating -- if ultimately featherweight -- comedy not only for the whole family, but for every kind of them.
Four Christmases is refreshingly tart and lean, forgoing the usual schmaltz and syrup of the season.
The difference between the average unfunny comedy and this one is the difference between Grandpa telling you knock-knock jokes and Grandpa telling you knock-knock jokes with his bathrobe open as his hand creeps up your thigh.
Think of it as fun tear-away wrapping on what's essentially a boring pair of socks.
It really needs to be stamped Don't Open Until DVD.
Vaughn and Witherspoon are clearly having a lot of fun snapping each other's synapses, and their sense of play gives the whole easygoing, formulaic enterprise a welcome jolt.
Four Christmases generates some laughs here and there, but it's wildly uneven, and too often sets aside the generous gifts of a pretty good cast in favor of cheesy slapstick.
The cynicism may not hold up as we get closer to the holiday itself, but with a little distance between us and the reason for the season, they did make me laugh.
It's Four Christmases in need of a wedding, or maybe a funeral.
There's always the underlying feeling that what you're seeing is eerily familiar.
Holiday romcom is amiable but centers on family dysfunction.
One and a half Christmases is about all that's worth celebrating in Four Christmases.
To brand, then dismiss, Four Christmases as a disappointment would be giving it too much credit -- never, for a second, did this New Line Cinema cast-off scream or even whisper decent in the run-up to its opening.
To earn a more helpful R rating, the filmmakers should have gone ahead and dropped a couple of F-bombs alongside the references to 'street whores,' nipples, senior sex and vomit.
Very funny, very touching, and very real, and it's not too hard to believe that, though it might not be remembered as a classic, it'll become a holiday favorite for many.
Several maraschino cherries short of a fruitcake.
Here's a clue for people who make movies like Four Christmases: if your holiday season is that awful, keep it to yourself.
As impressive as that is, by and large this wannabe yuletide romantic comedy has about as many yucks and guffaws as a swift kick to the head by a steel-toed boot.
A sequence in which they dress up as Mary and Joseph for a Nativity play is genuinely funny. The rest of Four Christmases doesn't do them justice.
Vaughn may, in fact, be the best possible representative of our over-caffeinated age -- rambling, reckless, selfish and yet still somehow awesome -- and he's what makes Four Christmases as barely watchable as it is.
Of the movie's misaligned stars, it's Vaughn who emerges the least damaged.
Ho, ho, ho? No, no, no.
Do these hypocritical holiday comedies have an alarm clock inside them that goes off when they're suddenly supposed to turn all soft and gooey?
This being a Christmas comedy of sorts, it demands a happy ending of sorts. And a moral too.
Parental Content Review
[A] noxious, nearly laughless Christmas comedy.
It's not all a total loss... if you like the two stars (I do), you'll love them here...
That's funny?
ideal for anyone who thinks their family is the most dysfunctional during the holidays and yearns to be proved wrong
Surprisingly deft and sometimes hilarious.
When will filmmakers learn that if you start with Bad Santa and finish with It's a Wonderful Life, you just end up with curdled eggnog?
No yuletide season would be complete without the crappy Christmas movie.
A star-studded cast way too talented for the material plod through a painfully rote holiday rom-com.
The acrid, wince-worthy Four Christmases may well be part of the war on Christmas Bill O'Reilly's always fog-horning about. Christmas and Christianity will survive it. But barely.
Use parental caution when opening this early holiday present.
Flailing like a dying fish out of water and eventually smelling just as fetid, Four Christmases is stiflingly unfunny.
To say that Vaughn is phoning it in these days would be an insult to telecommuters everywhere.
Vaughn has little romantic rapport with Witherspoon, so the love story has no pull, but Vaughn is in top center-of-attention form and Witherspoon is a game straightwoman.
The nonsensical result of shoehorning the same damn message into every 'holiday' movie, year after year.
If you liked "McCain-Palin 2008," you'll love "Four Christmases."
It certainly won't be your favorite present under the tree this Christmas, but it should provide just the diversion you're looking for.
I am starting to think Vince Vaughn hates Christmas and will not stop making bad Christmas movies until he has ruined the holiday for everyone on the planet.
...generally comes off as an interminable would-be comedy that'll leave most viewers feeling like the Grinch.
One more overstuffed turkey of a movie trying to draw laughs with barfing babies, bratty children, embarrassing revelations, and old people talking about sex.
By the time Jon Voight actually utters the line, 'There's nothing more important than family,' whatever subversive spark Four Christmases ever had has gone out the window, replaced by Hallmark Channel schmaltz.
Four Christmases is simply all-too-familiar and exceedingly mediocre - and will likely be forgotten by the time we take down our Christmas trees.
Before a single joke is told, Seth Gordon's Four Christmases earns a positive grade for its inspired casting.
"Four Christmases," like its four screenwriters, are three too many. Considering what's been left on screen, it is downright horrifying to contemplate the trimmings.
... stumbles awkwardly through the slapstick parade of brotherly body slams and sneaky kids and babies spitting up all over the maternally tone-deaf Kate...
In the end, a musty procreation moral is left to push forth this flimsy plot -- and that's neither original nor particularly funny.
As when its self-centered characters tell some children that there is no Santa Claus, the cynical Four Christmases spoils the holiday for all of us.
Must everyone make a Christmas film every year? Must it be the same story over and over again? This is why we have the Hallmark Channel. Listen, if your film is not Elf or Bad Santa, I've seen it.
The result is two bad movies in one: a gimmicky romantic comedy, and one of those seasonal headaches that submits loud family dysfunction as a vehicle for Christmas cheer.
It's four home-for-the-holidays comedies in one, and the variety-pack structure works for the movie: Each nightmare household has a wacked flavor all its own, and none wears out its welcome.
A holiday comedy that goes down with ease, avoids insulting one's intelligence, and doesn't leave you wanting to shoot your eye out with a Red Ryder.
The movie tries to be a feel-good holiday movie, but it's too vulgar to take the whole family to and too silly to charm sophisticates.
'When in doubt, bring on the projectile baby vomit' appears to be the guiding comedic principle behind Four Christmases.
It's four wacky holiday comedies in one movie, each trying to top the last.
The cringe comedy isn't contagious, but "Four Christmases" is, like a lingering virus, filled with nasty, violent side effects. Vaughn and Witherspoon have no spark. It's like rooting for Todd and Margo from "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation."
It's certainly better than Vaughn's stinker of last holiday season, Fred Claus, but still falls well short of the top tier of dysfunctional holiday movie classics.
If Vince Vaughn wants to ruin Christmas, he's going about it the right way. Another year of this coal-in-stocking cinema and the holiday spirit will be beaten out of me for good.
Like a gift card in your stocking, the romantic comedy Four Christmases is pretty generic, though you might still be grateful for it.
Vaughn delivers every line with his usual deadpan glibness, which suits the part. But I smiled as I watched the big-bellied, multi-chinned actor connecting with the porcelain, model-thin Witherspoon.
There are far worse ways of kicking yourself into the holiday spirit than this inventive variation on the Meet the Parents formula.
Dismaying, indeed, that a movie purportedly selling itself on refreshing nay-saying scepticism should so cravenly succumb to the same old schmaltz.
This comedy about a happy couple made miserable by having to visit four divorced parents begins with a bang but settles into sentiment so maudlin that even this cast can't save it.
This is what happens when a successful indie documentary filmmaker gets sucked in by the Hollywood system.
Four Christmases is defiantly conservative on the issue of adult happiness.
One Christmas movie too many...three parts crude farce, with plenty of comic violence and sexual innuendo, followed by a final reel awash in sappy, supposedly uplifting sentiment.
Needs approximately two Christmases to make you feel completely exhausted.
Vaughn makes the movie tolerable here and there, but this kind of slapsticky physical comedy doesn't suit Witherspoon at all.
Is it funny? Yeah. Sometimes very.
Four rounds of family festivities produce very little merriment for either its protagonists or audiences.
Four Christmases to deliver a quadruple dose of dysfunctional family hijinks to genuinely dispiriting results.
[An] oddly misanthropic, occasionally amusing but thoroughly cheerless holiday attraction.
A hilarious comedy about the stress, the embarrassments, the squabbling, and the lessons learned on visits to our families during the holidays.
Although it starts out as a zippy holiday comedy "Four Christmases" loses focus and disperses into a less than satisfying comic experience.
It's not boring enough to be irritating and not funny enough to be entertaining. It's just not worth the trouble.



@highlight

Despite a strong cast, this sour holiday comedy suffers from a hackneyed script.