Generally awful and without redeeming qualities...
Sadly, Rage is generally a slog and it's not Cage's fault.
Cage's investigative method is to shoot first, ask questions later, so it's no wonder his lines of inquiry run into dead ends.
It feels like the dynamic, volatile actor is on auto-pilot, and the rest of the movie doesn't do much to back him up.
Tired, lazy, incongruous, shocking and hilarious in all the wrong places, "Rage" is destined for the graveyard television slot, squeezed between infomercials for mops. Perhaps there is a good drinking game in here somewhere.
Even the stylish fight sequences don't have much of an impact because the film takes itself way too seriously.
Judging from the lack of quality on the screen, perhaps it's time for Cage, Glover, and Stormare to throw in the towel.
It's sobering conclusions are heartfelt, but ultimately unearned.
Not terrible enough to work up enough emotion to make you mad, just once again frustrate you with the knowledge that you wasted time giving Cage yet another chance to disappoint you.
Sporadically hilariously awful, but mostly cheap, amateurish and so distasteful it borders on the vile. Poor Nicolas Cage and his foundering career.
A thoroughly average Cage-a-thon for followers of The Nick.
Piles on the foreign accents and paint-by-numbers brutality, all served up with a grim, operatic self-seriousness that gives Cage's antihero little room to maneuver.
... a pulp-y, no-nonsense vigilante number that sounds like it was scripted by a computer program ... Say what you will about Cage, he gives the viewer his money's worth in tics and mad-dog froth.
Nicolas Cage acts his socks off in this thinly plotted thriller, which is set in the same moral universe as the Taken movies, where mass murder is excusable if your daughter's been kidnapped.
Cage may not always be easy on the eyes, but at his best, you can't turn away from him, because you never really know what he'll do next. But here, the actor plays it drab and dour.
'Rage' ends up as a bloody cautionary tale about how revenge served hot can backfire. It also reminds us that violence breeds violence. Not a bad message in today's world.
There isn't an original frame or line of dialogue in Rage.
A dull, lifeless thing even in spite of its efforts, old-school grindhouse picture-style, to put an exploitation-nihilist spin on the dad-with-action-movie-skills-on-the-rampage boilerplate ...
It's hard to say this is the worst film Nicolas Cage has ever made - there are just too many contenders to choose from. But it's near the bottom.
Rage is so full of cliché, convention and just plain odd narrative choices that it can't get out of its own way.
The latest in a parade of cheesy, derivative action-thrillers that erstwhile A-list actor Nicolas Cage has recently starred in, presumably as a quick cash grab.
The hand-me-down showiness and sluggish storytelling by the director, Paco Cabezas, underline the monotony in this ordinary revenge thriller.
With an arbitrary title and a lazy everything else, Rage is as bland as a "gritty" thriller can be
Andalusian filmmaker Paco Cabezas, making his English-language directing debut, is unable to keep the complicated story and international cast in line; the results are never dull but are sometimes unintentionally hilarious.
"Rage" is considerably less fun than a movie called "Rage" and starring Nicolas Cage" ought to be.
This is unapologetically low-quality filmmaking, from the stiff screenplay to the crudely brutal fight scenes to the choppy editing.
Tedious, dim-witted action thriller - a total waste of time.
A shabby waste of time from beginning to end.
Think Taken with a heckuva twist!
Rage has knife fights, foot chases, car chases, point-blank shotgun blasts, and Peter Stormare as a wheelchair-bound Irish mobster-and somehow manages to make them all seem dull.
A dopey mob thriller about an ex-killer turned real estate developer trying to find his daughter's murderers.
Somewhat conspicuously lacks both the ham and the cheese that we've come to expect in the landmark cinema of Nic Cage.
Rage offers exactly what you think a Nic Cage movie called Rage would, except maybe for continually inspired lunacy.
Directed with grim efficiency by Paco Cabezas, Rage actually has something to say about the futility of vengeance... unfortunately, getting to that sorrowful ending is a real slog.
Cage, as "Joe" showed us, is still a formidable actor. But Cage the movie star doesn't have the good sense to get out of his own way.
A heightened, cartoonishly violent tale of fatherly retribution that's totally implausible but nonetheless fun.
Paco Cabezas's film is little more than a revenge relic pretending that the ethical treatise of David Cronenberg's A History of Violence never happened.
If you are going to make a B-grade exploitation piece you need to go for excess and insanity. Tokarev commits the ultimate movie sin: it makes a Nicolas Cage revenge thriller simply boring.
Absurdity, with Cage going through the motions, mentally working through his grocery list.
Nicolas Cage takes "paycheck movie" to a whole new level in Rage, a completely worthless, contemptible excuse for a revenge actioner.

@highlight

Depressingly dull and all-around poorly made, Rage is the rare Nicolas Cage action thriller lacking enough energy to reach "so bad it's good" territory.