Monahan's debut feels like it's missing some connective tissue, but it still manages to standout from the herd.
As gangster thrillers go, this one is a ripper. William Monahan, Oscar-winning screenwriter for The Departed (2006) has adapted Ken Bruen's book in great style and directs his top cast adroitly
There are all kinds of weirdo supporting players and the requisite amount of bloody killing scenes, but it doesn't add up to much and London Boulevard just feels like its trying to hard to be edgy.
This crime story smacks of all-too-familiar elements and is told with a blandly straightforward approach.
London Boulevard is a mess, a fascinating, exhilarating, infuriating, emotional, tragic and euphoric mess, but still a mess all the same.
Colin Farrell and Keira Knightley make a dynamite pairing.
A stylish if familiar tale of a man hopelessly entangled in his past.
Screenwriter William Monahan trades in South Boston for South London, only to discover he forgot to pack his A to Z.
A movie is more than dialogue and a soundtrack. And direction is a lot more than making sure all your favorite parts of your own script make it to the screen intact.
It doesn't really hang together, not really. But when a picture is this sleek and pleasurable, why complain?
In trying to take a bite out of crime and another out of fame, [Monahan has] ended up with more than he can chew for his first time in the director's chair.
Monahan's trademark tart dialogue is as strong as ever, and Farrell and Winstone make for a formidable pair of opponents.
There is too much to be absorbed in too little time and not enough tissue connecting abbreviated, sometimes unnecessary subplots.
The confidence of London Boulevard never tips into cockiness. This is style with some intelligence behind it.
Had the film stood still more often, its stylish gambit would have worked better.
Knightley does an adequate job and fans of Farrell, while they might admire his performance, will probably be disappointed with the overall film.
A great cast and an intriguing premise are crowded out by a surplus of plot threads that don't have space to play out, and accordingly come across as clichés.
Flawed but impressively executed, the movie has a distinct reverberation that holds the formula together, making the mean business of unlawful behavior convincing in the face of absolute predictability.
Close this street down.
Monahan's debut has verve and charisma, but, in the end, the tension of a late-night pub shrug.
Has the kind of edge that too few movies allow themselves...handled with skill and a blend of wit and suspense.
Equally indebted to Martin Scorsese, Guy Ritchie, and Giorgio Armani, London Boulevard represents the apotheosis of style over substance.
By far too stylized, the film loses itself in this would-be "dynamic visual" style over content and coherence.
Given the talent involved, it should have been better, but I still wanted to see how it all turned out.
It at times dabbles too often in crime cliches - as though written by someone coming off of a Sopranos box-set bender - but it is also uncomfortably tense and unsettlingly brutal.
full review at Movies for the Masses
London Boulevard is a curio at best.
This film's distributors insisted I watch this with a public audience. For the record, out of nine people who started watching this with me, only six lasted the course. You've been warned.
London Boulevard is like a fancy, retro-styled pocket watch that someone accidentally broke and tried to reassemble with only a vague idea of clockwork.
Hard-boiled crime yarn with Irish wit, colorful characters and considerable style.
It's a crying shame how disjointed it gets, crumpled into a narrow range of Brit-gangster idioms, picking quite the wrong ending, and barely holding it together from scene to scene.
Guilty, with one or two mitigating circumstances.
A good cast tries in vain to elevate a workmanlike script in a film that ends up as dead as Joe Gillis.
It's a film with plenty of front, as they say, but uses up all its energy, wit and ideas in the first 20 or so minutes, before collapsing into a flurry of boring violence.
This disastrous gangster film wastes an excellent British cast.
An unexpected pleasure, bringing some punchy Hollywood professionalism to a traduced genre.
Brutal and with a plot that's all over the place, it seems we're taking early delivery of a Christmas turkey.
Essentially, London Boulevard is a long but not very winding road.
As a pastiche of so many previous gangster movies, it's lazily enjoyable. But it doesn't repay any thought.
Every actor in this gangland geezerama does a "turn" as if it is party time at the Cheeky Mockney Club.
It's far from original and, crucially, the romance between Farrell and Knightley doesn't have enough pull.
Thanks to a top-notch cast, which also features Thewlis as a stoned luvvie and Friel as Mitchel's sluttish sot of a sister, plus a wry script, this stands head and shoulders above recent geezer fare.
A befuddling muddle that sees a starry cast up to their necks in reheated clichés.
Disappointing, badly written and jarringly acted crime drama that gets bogged down in too many sub-plots and winds up as a compendium of tedious gangster movie clichés.
I'm blaming the staggeringly cack script, which leaves more loose ends untied than a short-sighted vasectomy doctor.

@highlight

In spite of its spotless pedigree and a strong sense of visual style, London Boulevard stumbles over its frenetic pace and crowded, clichéd plot.