An intelligent and perceptive film, neither unique nor earth-shattering, but still worthwhile.
This emotional jigsaw puzzle is cannily constructed.
Though car chases and explosions are kept to a bare minimum here, I daresay you won't be bored.
Heights is a New York genre film....keeping our interest with adroit story telling and excellent technicals
...makes some subtle observations about insecurities and preconceptions, and the script unfolds its big twists in a way that's surprising without turning manipulative.
A noteworthy ending to Merchant's career and a solid beginning for the film careers of Terrio, Fox and Banks.
According to this film, New York is a joyless place where people live only to drop names, attend parties, cheat on loved ones and brood.
...well-designed but somewhat airless
Though good in parts not good as a whole.
What happens to these not-so-interesting people isn't nearly as compelling as writer Amy Fox and first-time feature director Chris Terrio intended.
If the plot is thin, at least the characters are interesting, and the performances are consistently strong.
The ties that bind this drama's often-smug and off-putting characters are contrived, and the plotting rarely goes deeper than soap opera surface. And that's a shame, considering the caliber of its cast.
The dance these filmmakers have created is the sort that makes viewing a joy.
Amy Fox's play, with New York clichés for characters, was never going to hit, ahem, the movie heights. But cut loose in the middle of a comic-book summer, Heights is just different enough, just adult enough, to warrant a climb and a look.
Feels like a stage work - a self-important and self-consciously lofty one at that - and first-time director Chris Terrio does little to make it come alive.
The material isn't strong enough and the first-time director isn't experienced enough to make it work.
The story defies the convention of its genre by actually going somewhere.
They work like little jigsaw puzzles, seducing us into the lives of characters via little slivers, then keeping us guessing about how they will collide and change one another.
[B]ottled-up angst somehow isn't as attractive when it's not pining away by the canals of Venice in the 19th century but rather over the... skyline of 21st-century New York...
Unconvincing Heights. Ensemble piece pretentious and slow-handed.
Terrio's technically proficient film is mature, modern, and minus the all-important passion and risk.
Intelligent, an impressive debut for Terrio and an important step in Banks' screen career.
Unlike such popular Merchant Ivory productions as 'A Room with a View,' this is contemporary to the point of cliche...
Jim Denault shoots New York as lovingly as Gordon Willis did in Woody Allen's Manhattan, and the rest of the movie follows in derivative, but impeccable, fashion.
It's the kind of sumptuous, yet modest movie that serves as a cinematic curiosity that's perhaps too overly genteel and shallow.
...simply cannot shake its stage origins...
Renowned actress Diana Lee (the frankly wondrous Glenn Close), is currently rehearsing for Macbeth (or, as she calls it, "the Scottish play").
None of it rings true, nor do precious affectations such as having one couple communicate with each other via walkie-talkies.
Terrio may use such accelerating devices as a handheld camera and split-screen editing, but his movie still feels as inert as the piano chords in Martin Erskine and Ben Butler's score.
No one outside of Diana appears to have much of an interior life.
A hopeful undertaking, but you have to get through plenty of dark stuff before that becomes obvious.
Sufficiently enjoyable and intelligent to erase unpleasant memories of Merchant-Ivory's last foray into Manhattan ... it lacks the energy and vibrancy of the best films to come out of the city in the past few years.
It's duly considered, absolutely serious, self-consciously modern and, unfortunately, fairly dull.
It's all as pretentious as the arty types it seeks to chastise for not living their lives honestly.
Glenn Close gets top billing, but Elizabeth Banks is the ascendant star in Heights...
'We don't know how to be people of passion,' [Glenn Close] exclaims to a collection of rapt acting students, early in the film. She might as well be admonishing the movie's cast.
You wish [Glenn] Close could have instilled this sense of passion in the rest of the cast, and brought Heights to the level of greatness it might have otherwise reached.
A refreshing, adult-themed departure from the summer's cartoons and alien frights.
Heights manages to make the lives of all these beautiful people seem quite tedious. Despite their accomplishments, the only thing they seem suited for is hailing cabs.
I must confess that there were long stretches in Heights when I felt that the proceedings were a tad too 'theatrical' for my taste.
...as stilted, symbolically loaded and dreary as any of Merchant-Ivory's E.M. Forster or Henry James adaptations -- this time without classic prose or great actors for backup.
There's nothing original about the assertion that relationships are difficult and often messy, but first-time director Chris Terrio illustrates it in an engaging manner and with a fine (and large) ensemble cast.
Heights is far from a perfect movie, but as a hint of Terrio's talent, it's an eminently watchable effort.
Heights is definitely worth a visit, even if it stops short of the loftiest peaks.
Fox and Terrio have made a quietly stunning debut here, mounting a fast, sad and often funny study of what 'carpe diem' really means.
The level of coincidence driving the narrative is as high as the Big Apple's tallest skyscrapers, but the cast is stong enough to help transcend the structural weaknesses.
This is one of those ensemble pieces where everybody is interesting (not like real life)... I didn't want this to end.
You can't have an artistic career as a day job
It's just a snapshot of the daily struggle known as life.
Terrio's depiction of the characters is so precise that even minor characters, such as a stranger on the subway or a worker at a theater, are full of life.
The movie isn't cynical, exactly, toward love, but it's certainly cautious about it.
If only what Terrio and Fox were saying was a bit more interesting or original. The pieces here fit like an over-worked jigsaw puzzle, the edges tattered and worn by too much use.
Perhaps not since Fatal Attraction has Glenn Close been so overwhelming, so gloriously intimidating.
All very inside a particular stratum of New York, and that can be annoying for the majority of us on the outside. But this very insularity is responsible for the perversely fascinating ways the characters' lives intersect.
The truth about what we're seeing unravels gradually over the course of the day and by the time we get to it, we're more interested in what these people will do next than in the readily apparent revelation itself.
A week after seeing this multi-character Manhattan roundelay, you may barely remember its small, not particularly original ironies. Yet it's wholly alive while it's up there on the screen, in a way few movies are anymore.
New York's a big city -- and a small world -- in this okay indie drama that doesn't quite know what to do with its great cast.
Themes at the heart of Heights of despair among the beautiful people are a bore.
These are not people me and you and everyone we know know -- these are 'short version' people, characters who comfort each other by quoting Shakespeare.
Fiercely entertaining, hugely precocious ... treads on some very familiar turf, but with enough style and unusual empathy to make the trip well worth taking.
It is entertaining to see the lives of complex people become brutally simple all of a sudden. They build elaborate facades of belief and image, they think they know who they are and what people think of them, and suddenly they're back at the beginning.
Treating film as a viable medium for telling adult tales.
Weighted down by a plot-heavy and predictable narrative, heavily dependent upon coincidence...sinks into a mire of uninteresting soapiness
The performances are all excellent, with Banks the real find here.
Glen Close and a passel of young talent collide in a pot-boiling web of personal crises in the artistic bowels of Manhattan.
Terrio keeps the multiple stories flowing smoothly, and the setting goes a long way to justify the web of fortuitous interconnections.
Heights is just as contrived as the entertainment it mocks.
The romantic ending of "Heights" is breath-takingly perfect
Wonderful debut from director Chris Terrio, can't wait to see more from him.
Heights is tonally blue in both look and feel and features a fierce performance by Glenn Close.
Heights is an elegant beginning for Terrio and a fine addition to the Merchant-Ivory canon.
The performances are first-rate.
Working in Terribly Serious mode, rookie director Chris Terrio proves as pompous as filmmakers three times his age.
Here's a movie so laboriously devised that it feels compelled to have one character exclaim: 'Six degrees of separation! More like two when it comes to New York!'
Approach this Closer-like flick with caution.
Diverting and well-acted...There are eight million stories in the naked city, and Heights is five of them.
a meek little slip of a film, hardly worthy of any of the talent at hand
Based on a play by Amy Fox, Heights is beautifully shot on location in New York and consistently well-acted, but it sticks a little too closely to the surface to be very compelling.
... cumbersome drama.
There's much subtle beauty in the last movie completed by Merchant Ivory Productions before Merchant's untimely death.
The film is never dull, the writing and direction are impeccable, the ensemble performances are uniformly seamless, and Heights is brave, eloquent and riveting.
...don't feel forced or schematic.
Five New York City denizens yearning for love who reveal they have not learned the abc's of emotional literacy.
Marsden delivers his best performance to date, showing that he has more than one facial expression; he has two.
Cracking faults in these relationships occasion overwrought suspense: slow ascents of dark stairs, heavy silences, and surplus brow furrowing.
Heights is an actors' film and Glenn Close gives a brilliant performance worthy of note come year's end.
While Glen Close dominates the screen with effortless assurance, Elizabeth Banks lacks personality and would probably dissipate in a strong ocean breeze.
The fox of the piece (Banks) has no problem keeping all eyes focused on her Isabel as she leads the corps of "interesting people."
A smart day-in-the-life-of charmer.
By the time we're sure of how the day is going to end for these jittery achievers, the movie starts dragging its feet to the point where we're ready to leave these New Yorkers with their traumas.
At times the film seems to have nothing more on its mind than the predictable rhythms of soap opera.
Fox's writing makes up for its occasional obviousness with a rigorous interest in character and general avoidance of long-winded homilies.
a terrifically crafted movie in the style of All About Eve, with brilliant lines and a stunning Elizabeth Banks.
Chris Terrio's feature film debut offers few surprises -- one readily spots the big twist early on, perhaps because it's so deftly set up--but ultimately fulfills the expectations of the viewer.
A stunning directorial debut cutting through the facades of people in the theater profession to reveal their true selves.
The movie I wanted Closer to be.
An entertaining ensembler marbled with wit and heartache.
Screenwriter Amy Fox, who expanded her 30-minute play of the same name into a feature film at the request of Merchant Ivory, shows a talent for creating multidimensional characters with both clear and intriguing motivations.
Pithy and highly amusing.





@highlight

Yet another movie about relationships in the Big Apple, Heights is never dull thanks to a competent cast.