Max is a doggy tale of canine heroism that comes with such a generous side-order of good ol' American, flag-waving patriotism that its potential appeal to British audiences will surely be limited.
How a sweet story about a boy and his dog turns into a lame thriller about backwoods weapons dealing is anyone's guess.
I'm sure a few people will be easily manipulated and distracted by the cute dog. It happens. Otherwise, Max is a waste of your time.
Despite some great performances from both the young Wiggins, Thomas Hayden Church and the impressive and loveable Max, if you're looking for anything other than a minor distraction you're barking up the wrong tree.
Lost in this shuffle of bullets and narrow misses is Yakin's stated goal of telling a story about the great service that military dogs provide... I'm not sure where that film went, but the bizarre, violent mess I saw isn't it.
There are life-and-death moments for both people and animals. But there are also moments of great vividity, of tearing through the woods with a dog at your side and choosing difficult honor over expedient disgrace.
Though littered with sentiment and family movie hokum, this story of a military dog suffering from post-traumatic stress finds the essence of true friendship, prompting uncontrolled saline leaks from the eyeball.
Max is much more interested in action than character development. The sad result is a noble film that starts strong but quickly circles the drain by the end of its 111-minute run time.
It starts off as a perfectly sweet and touching family film before making an abrupt left turn into something much darker and less appropriate for young children.
It has its moments--mostly involving the title character, a Belgian Malinois--but its human story remains stock and stodgy. A lot more bark than bite here; Max is nothing to go mad over.
I wasn't expecting to like Max - it's the story of a military-trained dog that is shipped back to America after his handler is killed in action - but it's surprisingly enjoyable.
Does a mediocre job at recognising the contribution of animals in wartime.
A watchable but predictable family film drenched in stars-and-stripes piety - Lassie Come Home with combat stress.
Hey buddy, if you don't like it here, go and live in Russia (or its 21st century equivalent).
Jingoistic propaganda and heart-tugging cornball melodrama about a dog with PTSD. It's how we are Enduring Freedom. God bless America.
Woof.
This drama is an intensely patriotic affair, which plays at times like a canine version of Clint Eastwood's American Sniper.
Attaboy.
The truly effective emotional arc is handed to the furry member of the cast.
A bizarrely earnest kids movie.
With every clunking homily to obedience in the script by Rambo III's Sheldon Lettich, Max starts to feel less like wholesome family entertainment and more like some ideological project.
Not as flag-wavingly cheesy as it might have been - but that doesn't make it a good film.
An overly sentimental, ham-fisted family drama ...
This story of a loyal dog is not as, uh, fetching as it could have been.
A busy film crowded with serious subject material that rarely goes for cheap nods at sentimentality while still being a patriotic movie that has plenty of heartfelt moments.
From time to time, hints of a smarter and more complex film peek through.
Tugging at the heartstrings, this movie has enough innocence to get you misty-eyed.
... suggests a worthwhile opportunity to salute military dogs who assist their soldiers both on the battlefield and the home front. Yet unfortunately it bogs down in sentimentality and melodramatic contrivances.
Max tries to get away with standard-issue dog-adventure tropes by assuming the exultant tone of other coming-home dramas about heroic Marines.
As usual, the dog (a Malinois, a Belgian Shepherd MWD) steals the film. Writer/director Boaz Yakin has made a film that has youthful romance, boy-dog affection, and suspense with bad guys all around.
Older kids and anyone who loves dogs will get something from "Max" but not quite enough.
Max is an absurdly violent PG-rated movie in which kids and dogs are repeatedly in peril.
Schmaltzy canine action-adventure...
Too much bark, not enough bite in "Max."
The filmmakers' honorable intentions here are overwhelmed by a silly subplot about stolen weapons.
Tugging at the heartstrings isn't always a delicate process. Sometimes just plain yanking gets the job done.
The whole package from writer/director Boaz Yakin ("Remember the Titans," "Fresh") rolls over and plays dead.
The solid construction of the suspense-thriller elements only make it feel stranger that, deep down, Max doesn't want us to think of it as a suspense thriller.
Who cares about the stupid people? I wanted to see more about the dog!
Brave military dog saves the day in intense adventure.
...it isn't sure how to properly blend the coming-of-age story with a rather serious and racially charged... thriller involving Mexican cartels and Afghani war crimes.
Yakin doesn't condescend to his audience, and infuses his plot with a surprisingly ambitious and revealing commentary about the experience of war.
It's like they invited the Coen brothers - or maybe Quentin Tarantino - to script a few scenes of a "Dora the Explorer" episode.
Yakin executes the touching material with the expected serviceability.
This is not a good film, with weak acting and worse direction, but what makes the feature a true spirit-crusher is how badly it botches an original perspective, trading valuable veteran insight for cliché.
At times the film plays like a two-hour episode of "Lassie" or "Rin Tin Tin," with the only cliché missing being the line, 'I think he's trying to tell us something.'
A corny, everything-but-the-kitchen-sink family film that's too violent for small kids, "Max" succeeds largely on the merits of its amazing Belgian Malinois
As seen through these adult peepers that have witnessed plenty of boy and his dog stories, this one is far from the cat's meow. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
Lassie and her child companions often got into some dicey scrapes, but as much as I can recall, they usually didn't result in much of a body count.
At its heart "Max" is the story of a boy and his dog, which gives it a lot of leeway in the hokum department. Still, this is a pretty disposable tear-jerker, aimed squarely at the next generation of Army recruits.
Don't you sometimes want Cheetos? Well, "Max" is like a big bowl of them, with a dog to share them with. Who's such a good boy. Such a good boy.
A movie that would be perfectly at home on your television set, "Max" proves to be fine PG-rated family viewing but not a must-see theatrical outing.
In trying to sharpen its edge where sincere empathy suits it fine, "Max" swerves its story in the worst possible direction. By the utterly preposterous third act, you'll wish the simple tale had stuck to its guns rather than draw them and fire away.
A very peculiar sort of patriotic family film, it mixes a boy-and-his-dog tale with action-movie violence...one strange beast for the coming Fourth of July.
"Max" is a good, old-fashioned story of a boy and a dog who mend each other's broken hearts.
It might seem as though "Max" got its premise from heartstring-tugging YouTube videos of dogs at Army funerals, but the film is better than one might assume.
Mr. Yakin opts for bullets, explosions and blood vengeance when handcuffs and perp walks would do the job. Not that "Max" has any clear or coherent sense of mission.
Love the dog, hate the people.
If you are looking for a film suitable for almost all ages, then sit, stay and watch Max.
Surely sincerity doesn't have to feel this amateurish.
It counterbalances sentimentality with a dose of cynicism and, although the film's second half is considerably weaker than the first hour, it offers better entertainment than several big budget films clogging multiplex auditoriums.
"Max" can be corny, but writer-director Boaz Yakin makes it mostly work.
When the films sticks with heart-tugging soldier stuff, it's not bad. When it goes beyond that premise, it becomes so entirely outlandish that it's not enjoyable anymore.
Max tries to sell family-friendly Alpo, but feels like we're being fed a handful of undercooked scraps under the table.
The mildly entertaining dog story, with its handful of heroic scenes, may work better on a particular (read: younger) audience than it did on me.
If only Max had played fetch with a better and less manipulative story.
It's safe to say 'Max' does nothing to advance the dog movie from its 1920s origin.
Though the lead performance would do Lassie and Rin Tin Tin proud, the increasingly ludicrous, cliché-packed plot generates not an ounce of suspense.
If you're a sucker for a-boy-and-his-dog movies (and who isn't?), this one is a passable enough example of the genre.
You can't do better than Church and Graham for movie parents; the kids perform admirably; and Carlos, a Belgian Malinois (think German Shepherd but leaner), does a great job on the screen, alternating between cutesy moments and heroic poses.
Max makes American Sniper look like a complex, nuanced portrait of American patriotism.
Preposterous yet predictable... this dutifully educational children's story looks and feels like a Disney Channel movie.
The movie is downright laughable when it isn't merely unpleasant.
Dullness, as well as hoary preachiness, neuters the family-and-their-war-dog drama "Max."
A genial if somewhat old-fashioned tale that's too clunky to transcend its genre(s) but effective enough within its own limited emotional range.
"Max" gets its job done, which is to celebrate the sacrifices of military dogs, while warming the cockles of your heart. Sugary though it may be, the movie is a spirited return to the values of 1950s Hollywood.
This is a melodrama that aims to uphold traditional values, and it's effective in playing to the viewer's emotions.
This fine and welcome piece of family entertainment ... gets to a sweet spot by way of a smart premise, patriotic undertones and a coming-of-age story that's downright stirring.
It's the Walmart of feel-good family films: accessible, cheaply made, useful in a pinch and full of American flags.
"Max" isn't going to be a career high for any of its human participants, but the six canines playing Max ... aren't likely to find a better cinematic showcase any time soon.
Even the best-trained dogs sometimes leave a mess.
If the movies must occasionally turn god-fearing and flag-waving, may more of them feature a Belgian Malinois busting an arms ring.
As a bite-size lesson in loyalty and courage, it's a nice alternative to the too-many movies about a dog-eat-dog world.
A corny canine flag-waver that overreaches and overshoots its kid audience, and yet still works.
As a family film mixed with adventure-film intensity, it's something to woof home about.
Bland, sappy and not particularly groundbreaking.
Links all-American patriotism with military righteousness, religious faith, and socially conservative family values...when Max isn't leaping around, 'Max' rolls over and plays dead.
Finely acted, directed and shot, Max is rewarding all around.
It hits its Red State beats so hard that its target audience likely won't notice they're being not only condescended to, but insulted outright.
Like some toxic-sludge mutant grown in the racks of a mom-and-pop video store, Max crosses alarmist plotting with canine hijinks and hamfisted family drama that would feel at home in the era of the white clamshell VHS case.
The Belgian malinoises who play Max way out-act the humans.
Like its four-legged hero, Max makes for a serviceable source of warm and fuzzy feelings.

@highlight

Max has good intentions and tries to hearken back to classic family-friendly features, but its disjointed, manipulative plot overwhelms the efforts of its talented human and canine stars.