[Director] Lei Howden's first film is a tribute to the classics of the genre... [Full review in Spanish]
A pretty crazy film that ends up being a failed mix of ideas that never know how to deal with all of its excesses. [Full review in Spanish]
"Deathgasm" is perhaps too busy for its own good and not always seamlessly plotted but the movie's infectious sensibilities are hard to deny.
Deathgasm is gloriously low-brow, yet insightful (such a fine line to walk and yet, Jason Lei Howden makes it look easy here), and the comedic strokes throughout the script are absolute gold.
Howden can be hugely entertaining when he mixes some brains and heart in with the guts and gore, which is about half the time - mostly, the first half.
An unhinged horror comedy ...
It's the rare over-the-top horror show that's also brimming with heart. Even if that heart is being ripped from somebody's chest.
Deathgasm drips with classic splatter film goodness. If you're on board, then the little issues won't detract from this darkly fun, unique little film.
With its localized demonic outbreak, Deathgasm plays a bit like Demons or Evil Dead, but with the energetic, lighthearted appeal (and splattery gore) of Dead Alive and the clueless fanboy heroism of Wayne's World or even Beavis and Butthead.
The director and his stars commit to the insanity of their project.
In between the rampant four-letter words and the occasional partial nudity are likable attempts at humor - some sweet, some saucy.
A brew that aims for a campy, midnight-movie vibe it never quite achieves.
It won't carry fans of "Shaun of the Dead" or "Army of Darkness" into unexplored territory, but it's energetic enough to slap a stupid grin on your face.
Deathgasm isn't just for lovers of metal and horror enthusiasts-it's a movie made for any misunderstood loners.
Deathgasm combines the visual flair of Edgar Wright's Scott Pilgrim vs. the World with the manic, gory energy of Sam Raimi's Evil Dead 2. In the horror-comedy pantheon, this movie most definitely rocks hard.
The gross hordes of undead spew humours and inner organs all over the screen in outstandingly nauseating ways.
A Cannibal Corpse album cover come to life, "Deathgasm" is a wily creation from writer/director Jason Lei Howden that's teeming with humor and gore.
For everyone already inclined to see a heavy-metal-themed New Zealand horror-comedy called Deathgasm, here's some good news: The movie is exactly what it promises to be.
Confident and giddily brutal.
Director Jason Lei Howden has a flair for punchlines that are funny for reasons that are essentially impossible to describe.
Shamelessly low-brow, reaching a beer-fueled gleeful high with a zombie-vs.-sex toys battle, it's a very metal tribute to the grand tradition of Kiwi splatter comedies.
an affectionate skewering of coming-of-age tropes, metal culture and New Zealand mundanity, where the blood-splattered, head-severing end of the world proves utterly endearing. Death to false metal!
This writer laughed so hard that I spilled beer all over my lap; and then carried on laughing. Ferocious, inventive and oh so very gory, Deathgasm is the most fun you'll have with a horror film all year.
What We Do in the Shadows (2014), Housebound (2014) and now Deathgasm (2015): New Zealand is fast becoming the go-to place for crowd-pleasing horror comedies.
[U]ltimately becomes a sad display of incessant bro comedy full of lazy writing. It mines for cheap giggles at gory sight-gags...
A star is born in Milo Cawthorne as headbangin' loner Brodie, who exhibits great comic timing and an every-dude charm, especially in his efforts to woo the wonderful Kimberley Crossman.
Deathgasm hits some rough spots, but they're brief and mostly overshadowed by arterial sprays of crimson joy.
Funny, vulgar, wildly gory, and (whaaat?) actually kinda sweet.
This amiably dumb feature debut for New Zealand writer-director Jason Lei Howden could have used some additional polish on the scripting side to bump its bad-taste humor up from the routinely to the inspirationally silly.
Deathgasm is the ultimate midnight movie (for metalheads especially), hitting on notes of horror insanity that blend face-melting riffage with equally outstanding practical effects.

@highlight

Deathgasm plumbs the blood-spattered depths of grindhouse gore with enough giddy glee to satisfy genre enthusiasts looking for a thrill.