Drama is too intense for kids and young teens.
A simple talking, funny-accented greying conservative politician is shown to be a moron.
Too close to reality to be effective as satire.
Cooper does a terrific job, mimicking Bush's speech and mannerisms as well as his tendency to ramble and go off script with hilarious consequences.
Sayles wraps a gripping murder mystery around a rather unsubtle political satire.
Sayles traces how rumor, conjecture, and outright lies seep into the [political] discussion and drive it.
At its core, Silver City is a biting tirade on the current anti-enviromental policies of the Bush administration.
Sayles must have felt the need to weigh in on the last election. But if he was going to do it, a little more planning, writing -- and especially casting -- would have helped.
[A] promising but inconsistent mystery.
You can admire Sayles' intentions all you like, but it's hard to defend the film as an artistic accomplishment.
Sayles is at his best when he has something more substantial to say than 'Bush sucks.'
Chris Cooper is art; the supporting cast is good, but the film is completely bogged down by actual lead Danny Huston.
[L]ays bare... the mess that is the American political scene today: corruption, hypocrisy, ignorance, arrogance, fearmongering, divisiveness, and incipient fascism.
Silver City is nowhere near Sayles at his best.
The plot of Silver City is movieish in the extreme, with filthy abandoned mines subbing for the bars and alleys of urban noir, but it's no more than mild cheese.
As a John Sayles fan, it pains me to have to tell all of you that his latest film, Silver City, just isn't that good.
The film's saving grace is Danny Huston.
A lifeless production that's underwritten and overcast ... it's preachy and just plain dull.
Did no one advise Sayles that Huston, who played "hotel manager" in Hotel and "herdsman" in The Bacchae (don't ask me!) was entrusted with too much?
Sayles should switch to television, because each new movie now resembles a pilot episode for an HBO series...
Though there's nothing wrong with moral outrage, it doesn't always aid the telling of a complex story. More subtlety might have worked better.
Sayles opts to clutter his saga with a large ensemble of actors and a few too many subplots.
If Sayles' dialogue sounds elevated, that's only because it's being delivered from atop a mile-high soapbox.
Sayles may be after the big picture of poisonous politics in Silver City, but it's the small strokes like Dreyfuss' that bring it to life.
John Sayles' best film since Lone Star
This is Sayles' least coherent and certainly least satisfying film in quite some time.
Sayles has assembled a large, eclectic, talented cast.
Becomes mired in Sayles' weakness for enormous ensemble casts and murky plots. The guy can tell a great story when he wants to, but I guess sometimes he just doesn't want to.
Sayles' prolix narrative, weighed down with subplots and characters and canvassing many social ills, dilutes the impact of a work that should nevertheless still make an impact on thoughtful viewers.
Packs a helluva punch for those willing to watch and listen.
Long, windy, diffuse in its message and blunt in its satire.
In a role clearly meant to skewer our Commander in Chief, Chris Cooper goes far deeper than impersonation with his antagonistic relationship with words and religious rebirth.
John Sayles gives us a murder mystery highlighted by several cynical observations of current American politics. The plot as expected of Sayles is intelligent.
Slow paced, but interesting, Silver City is a decent flick that entertains primarily because of the political turmoil our own country is in right now.
Tilting at windmills with dull ripostes.
Sayles' script is unwieldy and his cast so large that the characters don't get sufficiently developed. There's lots of quirky fun and dry humor here but it never quite gels.
An ambitious film bubbling over with provocative issues is ultimately tarnished by its emphasis on too many sketchy characters.
The latest collection of op-ed pieces from writer/director John Sayles, whose movies are usually easier to respect than enjoy.
Characters inhabit different movies, and the trademark Sayles complexity seems forced, not organic
Using Dickie Pilager as a stand-in for George W. Bush seems too coy a tactic for these scabrous times. For better or worse, we want the real -- or at least, the 'real' -- deal.
There's definitely ore to be mined in Silver City, but Sayles' pan comes up with only particles of dust.
Sayles peppers his script with metaphorical names, not to mention situations, producing a satire that is not only pointed, but very angry.
We've seen this all before. And it ain't interesting.
The propagandistic value of this film is understandable and the acting is great throughout. It's worth a matinee at least.
As insightful and biting as Michael Moore’s "Fahrenheit 9/11."
Sayles has made many movies like this, and they've ranged from genius (Lone Star) to just average (City of Hope). Silver City falls in-between.
An uninvolving muddle.
The movie takes off into the comic stratosphere in its first sequence and then slowly sinks to Earth, made logy by its noble means and Sayles' increasing inability to shoot anything but fat clots of undramatic talk in the most boring manner imaginable.
The movie's so crowded, the story becomes strangled, and the political message Sayles is clearly aiming for loses its bite. But it's worth seeing, if only for Cooper's performance.
Wildly uneven.
A juicy political lampoon that may be too close to reality for certain people to find amusing.
The movie deserves to be seen for Danny Huston. He's that good.
A movie that feels like a concession speech.
Silver City is complex and literate, but if you're looking for a political satire this season, bring your own sense of humor.
Silver City does seem more like the work of a nuanced novelist than of a dynamic visual and dramatic talent.
A film that should involve us more than it does.
Aside from those moments of broad satire, there's not much there there.
Silver City has a detective plot, important themes, clever lines and a passel of intriguing characters, but they're not put together in a way that holds your interest.
Sayles gets a little distracted along the way in his attempt to really nail it to Dubya, but as far as a sly look into the shadowy underbelly of politics goes, this gets our vote.
A terrible disappointment.
Has [Sayles] ever been this cynical before, or is this simply even more vivid realism than usual? If the latter, many of his fans are likely to trudge out of Silver City feeling mighty blue.
Devoid of the subtlety, ambiguity, irony and complex, textured characterizations on which Sayles once staked his reputation.
If there's one thing Sayles has proved he's not gifted at over his long, respected career, it's comedy.
Silver City, as its title suggests, concerns U.S. political-corporate mythology, the "shining city on a hill" reduced to basic elements.
It clearly hasn't occurred to anyone to try to say something new about these issues; instead we're reassured that we're in known territory.
[Sayles] shows how lives can be unexpectedly connected, how hidden agendas can slip in under the radar, how information can travel and wound or kill.
Its implications are so ploddingly obvious, you'll swear you wandered into a dank lecture room where today's topic is The Way the System Works.
Would have been better served with a more dynamic hero and a leaner, darker plot.
Less a freshly hatched and cohesive pre-election polemic than a dramatically reheated survey of recurring concerns and themes from his past films.
Sayles fails to turn his Moore-like outrage over the state of the nation into entertaining or interesting fiction.
Heard a good movie lately? John Sayles' Silver City is one you might try.
Sayles' unabashedly partisan film moseys along in an unhurried fashion, encompassing myriad story lines yet taking the trouble to fully develop each of its many characters.
Silver City gets so tied up in underhanded plots and plot complications that it never really goes anywhere.
It wears out its welcome well before its halfway point, by which time you're either so tangled up in plot points you're strangling, or so bored you just wish you were being strangled.
A profound and prophetic film on the warps of contemporary politics, the equation of big business with democracy,the desecration of the environment, and the abuse of the poor.
...dull yet hectoring political drama.
Very much worth seeing for Cooper's rendition of a puppet caught in a sinister political system, as well as for its memorable shocker of an ending.
A heavy-handed approach mars this latest effort from the usually reliable John Sayles.
An uneasy mixture of political satire and investigative thriller, with neither element coming off very well.
Sayles' sad yet complex political satire falls far short of the mark. It's a laid-back, even lackadaisical lampoon.
It starts with a bang and ends with a splat.
Sayles at the top of his game, utilizing the same multi-story, multi-culture template which made "Lone Star" so captivating.
The most deadpan, dead-on, sharply focused political satire in recent memory.
His political and social position will find favor among the chorus, but 'Silver City' is not among John Sayles' more successful efforts.
Crime-and-politics tale from American auteur John Sayles may not be perfect, but it's majestically passionate.
While it isn't one of the great Sayles films...it is definitely an improvement over his last few efforts.
Even the long roster of skilled players in 'Silver City' doesn't make this script come alive.
If it fails in its whole, the movie certainly shines in its parts, with a string of dead-on character performances to enjoy, and several scenes that icily express Sayles' vision of a dumbed-up America drowning in a sea of ignorance, apathy and greed.
Every time Mr. Sayles faces a choice between high-minded didacticism and persuasive drama, you can almost hear him tapping the lectern for your full attention.
If Silver City isn't in the same class as [Sayles'] Texas-shot Lone Star, it's still worth a look.
This is an if-the-shoe-fits, non-partisan attack on the whole crummy, self-perpetuating System. And as such, it's a whole lot more disquieting.
Compared to City of Hope, the director's fine state-of-the- American-city drama, this seems overpopulated and scattershot.
The storytelling is slack and lackluster, the cliches rampant.
Leaving aside Huston's bland acting and a few other flaws, Sayles's politically charged drama raises a rousing number of issues and ideas, inviting us to ponder them and draw our own conclusions.
It's an informed if skeptical look at the shady maneuvering, backslapping and arm-twisting that goes on behind the scenes in political campaigns, though in this case the story is fictional.
This is certainly lesser Sayles, shrill, cluttered, even a little silly in its heavy-handedness. But it is still watchable, with beautifully understated performances.
Sayles wants to win our minds, and maybe our hearts. but once again, he ignores the seduction process.
With more than 20 major speaking roles, this is an ambitious project by Sayles' indie standards. He handles that dimension of the project deftly. Where he bites off more than he can chew is in trying to make two movies into one.
A thought-provoking and searing portrait of a country foundering in greed and cynicism, no longer a land of dreams but a nightmare of lapsed ethics and stinking moral rot.
A satire that's as subtle as a bulldozer.
A pretty good film that will likely feel dated by the next presidential election.
May be the mustiest political-conspiracy tale ever filmed; it's like Chinatown rewritten by Ralph Nader.
Instead of tracing character paths, Sayles sacrifices solid storytelling in favor of forwarding a political (and environmental) ideology.
Man, it's tough sitting through a satire made by somebody with no sense of humor -- welcome to Talking Points: The Movie.
Fails to allow the talented ensemble ... time to develop Sunshine State's fine, Altmanesque ensemble feel, again and again missing the human and leaving cartoons that satisfy only as agitprop.
Silver City is easily the weakest film to come out of John Sayles, but he is still head and shoulders above his competition.
It doesn't pretend that politics and business are decoupled, that the little guy can pull off the upset, or that the bottom line is anything other than money. It's refreshing, albeit grim, to see a movie that's not afraid of telling these truths.
Sayles, it seems, doesn't think much of his audience, and the tone of his discourse is only nominally less pandering than a politician's.
Sayles strives for the Chinatown of modern political movies and winding up with an unfocused mishmash of his earlier efforts.
Sayles reigns in his large and talented cast and keeps the loose ends from strangling his narrative.
While it's overlong and unhurried, the film is consistently absorbing, intelligent and often bitterly funny in its own subdued way.
Not Sayles's strongest or most subtle work, but enjoyable if not only for Cooper's uncanny Bush impression (it's better if you close your eyes).
Fiction can be better satire (of the current administration) than documentary.
Sayles, one of the brightest and most literate voices among American independents, has made one of his best and most important movies.
At times, Silver City feels like a collection of scenes in which characters do little more than discuss the plot.
... one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.
A pastiche of Chinatown and the deeply sarcastic ensemble satires of Robert Altman...Cooper's English-mangling version of George W. is a certified hoot
Cooper has a ball with the role.
More expository than the lovely, fragile Sunshine State, the slow-burning Silver City may be equally spare but has none of its southern comfort.
A hit-and-miss affair, commendable for its intricate, unpredictable storytelling but frustrating that it all adds up to a poof of smoke and a wink at the viewer.







@highlight

Heavy-handed and often dull.