I liked about 2 1/2 minutes... The rest is just embarrassing and wrong.
Neatly balancing murderous mayhem with goofy, sophisticated humor, this twisty, blackly comic crime caper is perfectly tuned by its first-rate cast.
Red 2 is infectious good fun, well acted and wonderfully exaggerated escapism.
Red 2 is chock full of red herrings with none more glaring than the one tricking us into thinking the screenwriters' return would retain the tone and feel of the first.
"Red 2" is at least as good as its predecessor, if not noticeably better.
It's not that surprising coming from a Bruce Willis flick, but its thesis of gun lovers being morally superior to bomb lovers is still entirely suspect.
A highly-watchable but stilted sequel that serves as a complacent sequel to the fun original.
Much of the originality has faded and Morgan Freeman's absence is keenly felt, but the end result is still a fun, exciting adventure.
Red 2 fails to capture the fun of the first film, but manages to hold on to its weaker traits, such as a bloated runtime and an inundation of mindless action sequences, turning this into a rather forgettable affair.
The cookie-cutter action sequences - car chases, fireballs, shoot-outs - are so-so and whereas the first film had a giddy cheekiness to it, the vibe here just feels forced, a common trait of sequels we really weren't hankering for.
Who knows if teenagers will appreciate this type of actioner? No matter. They get plenty of films designed for them. You go, gramps!
The basic formula of the freefall of action, laughs and casting class of the 2010 first film is the same, but everything is less spontaneous, a little more forced and a tad overcooked this second time around... Mirren comes out best
RED 2's support cast (including the new additions) are punching hard for this sequel to be as fun as the original; however the diluted globetrotting and Willis' clear 'pay-check' performance make you wish they'd retired this series after the original.
RED 2 plays it pretty safe, carefully emulating the style and tone of its predecessor, so if you enjoyed the first one, RED 2 should tick the same boxes for you.
Silly but unapologetic entertainment.
About the best - and maybe the worst - that can be about RED 2 is that it is an exceedingly safe pick.
While we applaud the minds behind Red 2 for making a film for adults in a sea of movies for kids and teenage boys, they didn't actually make a good film for adults.
The Expendables meets The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel isn't an obviously winning formula.
Smart, breezy spy action, with an of-the-moment vibe that takes it post-post-9/11 and into the Wikileaks era of global politics.
Willis looks so tired, so lacking in vitality, that it's tempting to suggest he follow his character's lead and retire.
[A] tiresome sequel ...
The plot is all too generic, right down to the ticking-bomb climax. You can easily imagine it being taken off the shelf and handed to a bunch of younger actors with barely a tweak.
The trick to RED 2's success is its willingness to allow the actors to roar through all their greatest hits at the loudest possible volume.
The plot might not add up to much, but there's plenty of fire-fights, punch-ups and bristling one-liners to go round a cast so vast they could have called this The Extendables.
Like the first one, it's played for laughs in-between bouts of mayhem; most of the gags are off-target, though Mirren's Nancy Mitfordesque assassin gets a pretty good kill ratio.
Retired, extremely dull.
That A-list cast of "retired, extremely dangerous" spies is back, coasting through another amiable but uninspired action-comedy.
Red 2 seems stifled by the weight of its own detailed exposition, and only Hopkins seems to be enjoying himself in the same gleeful way that Mirren did in the previous film.
"Retired & Extremely Dangerous" this lot may well be, but after two films proving they can't get it together, the emphasis really ought to be on retired.
Plays like the sixth installment in a flogged-to-death franchise rather than an eager and energetic second.
RED 2 is a decent enough sequel, thanks to likeable performances from a strong comic cast and a mixture of solid action set-pieces and witty dialogue, but it runs out of steam before the end and lacks emotional depth.
Less an ensemble variation of Bourne and more Carry on Killing, there's much to enjoy in a sequel that finds laughs in the blase attitude of its anti-heroes to the grim business of inconsequential death.
The reason this franchise succeeds is that it never takes itself too seriously.
Ultimately, it's popcorn nihilism without the big laughs that helped distract from the casual approach to life and death in 'Red'.
Giddy comic spyboiler.
You'd hope that, emboldened by the success of its predecessor, Red 2 would come out swinging. Instead, it opens with a shot of a Costco sign...
If you liked Red , you'll like this nicely pitched sequel. It doesn't break new ground but it's good mindless summer fun with a great cast.
Despite a script peppered with bullet holes, the cast seem to be having pulpy fun, and if you can get past Red's exuberant attitude to violent death, so might you.
Sly and savvy, it's a classy, globe-trotting action comedy for baby-boomers.
Audiences who have been burned by too many of this season's high-profile titles might want to take a chance on this comparatively small-scale effort: Like a favorite pair of slippers, it may not exactly be new, but it makes for a comfortable fit.
The details of the mission are a little sloppy, but the appeal of watching Willis, Malkovich, and Mirren rock some serious firepower is still there, making the sequel another satisfying thrill.
"Red 2" is really a series of running gags strung together by filmmakers desperately hoping nobody notices there's not really a plot.
None of the characters in Red 2 really connect.
Bigger and louder doesn't mean better.
Did the filmmakers believe that simply seeing John Malkovich in boots, a stupid hat and shorts could swipe your short-term memory clean of things you'd just seen minutes ago?
A good action adventure with some comedy thrown in, and Mary Louise Parker steals the show
RED 2 is a gleeful, trashy romp of a thing - an '80s TV show for a 2013 audience.
By not really improving upon the original, it seems more interested in trying to recapture old magic than in creating something new.
This film is loaded with top acting talent. There is also plenty of action and the pace of the film is fast. There are strong characters and a breezy humor to lighten the mood. This is an enjoyable, entertaining summer film.
This is a likable, almost gentle comedy and also a violent action film about the possibility of a nuclear bomb going off in a major city.
It's witty and satisfying, but I wish it was not so gleefully gun happy and that it did not treat the loss of life entirely as a joke.
"RED 2" is uninspired, and undercut by weak scriptwriting, ragged editing, mundane action sequences and run-of-the-mill stunts.
Absurd sequel to the absurd and inconsequential Red.
Despite being a failed comic book movie, "Red 2" is stronger with each quirky character it has successfully defined than the overall movie it has created with them.
For a film with an A-list cast who would have dreamed that it would be stolen by Mary Louise Parker?...what it lacks in credibility it more than makes up for in entertainment value.
Bruce Willis expends so little energy shaping his umpteenth action persona that he can't even be bothered to crack a smile. Luckily, Helen Mirren, Mary Louis Parker, Brian Cox and John Malkovich are all-too happy to step in and steal the limelight.
Red 2 is one Red too many.
The movie clearly doesn't have much going on, so director Dean Parisot moves things quickly in a vain effort to keep viewers from noticing.
The original Red was the most fun I had in a theater in 2010. Red 2 is likely to be the most fun I'll have in a theater in 2013.
Willis is self-evidently capable of kicking the asses of men considerably younger than himself. But at some point shouldn't he consider an alternative pastime?
Willis is solid, as usual, but it's Parker (and, later in the proceedings, Hopkins) who seem to actually be having fun, which is mildly contagious.
No movie with this much ass-kicking should feel so lifeless.
On a hot summer afternoon, RED 2 fits the bill the same way a small glass of cool pink lemonade does.
There's a charming chemistry between the various cast members.
In the hands of these award-winning actors, a lightweight action-comedy sequel with a nonsensical narrative becomes substantial summer entertainment.
Yes, the plot, characters and schemes are razor thin. But it's fun to hang out with Willis, Malkovich and Parker for a few hours.
More fun than a sequel has a right to be.
a pale echo of its original, lacking the same deft, sometimes daft, buoyancy to be found in the fine art of one-upsmanship
Fans of RED will enjoy seeing their favorite characters back on the big screen, but for less-devoted viewers RED 2 is only an average action-comedy experience.
It's Mirren again playing against type that proves most satisfying. Watching the 68-year-old and still dazzling actress wield guns with the best of 'em and calmly eradicate the corpse of a fresh kill with a bottle of acid is novel and darkly pleasurable.
Ridiculously action-packed and just as endearing, Red 2 is why we go to sequels despite our well-earned cynicism about studios churning them out.
It's nice to see oldsters cavorting in kaboom movies, but a little of this stuff goes a long way.
The letters in the title might stand for 'Retired, Extremely Dangerous' -- but they could just as well stand for 'Retread, Extremely Derivative.'
What's interesting about 'RED 2' is that, not only is it better than its predecessor, it is miles better ...
It's like the first RED only less so.
What was once engagingly silly is now much closer to insultingly dumb.
While "Red 2" is a fairly traditional espionage film with a comedic twist and brilliant cast, the film is ultimately as Hopkins' character frequently quips: "Jolly good."
People are pumped with more bullets than those at the beginning of "Saving Private Ryan"; since they don't bleed, the MPAA considers this "family-friendly," hilariously calling it "frenetic gunplay."
The best thing about RED 2, like its predecessor, is its lightness of tone. Too many movies with comic-book roots come on too seriously, even when the comics themselves have a loose, fast, jocular wit about them.
As in the first film, the seasoned-pro cast provides the few fleeting pleasures to be found.
It's lean, efficient summer fun.
It's quite possible that Helen Mirren has never had to speak such terrible dialogue in her life.
I'm tempted to heavily plagiarize my review of 2010's Red. The two films are essentially the same.
Recycled, Expensive, Dull.
Even though it's an improvement over the first RED, the film as a whole is just as disposable.
It's great seeing older talent assembled to entertain viewers. I just wish it was done in a better package and fashion.(Full Parental Review also available)
The kind of movie where all the best jokes are in the trailer...as thoroughly unnecessary as anything out there, with the possible exception of The Lone Ranger.
A forgettable, made-by-committee production with actors who should know better.
There's nothing wrong with it at all... save the fact that it doesn't show much of a purpose beyond exploiting a marketable brand name.
Sequels are, for the most part, inherently stale, so it's no shock the luster has faded in "Red 2." The bigger surprise is just how clunky and unsatisfying this follow-up feels.
Cars careen, lazily written infiltration plans are executed, and the violence is plentiful and toothless.
The AARP-eligible cast still has it. Next time, the MacGuffin they seek should be a better script.
Although it doesn't quite pack the same punch as its predecessor, RED 2 is still a good deal of fun thanks almost entirely to its star-studded cast.
A blast of energy, idiocy and fun.
So much of the movie feels on the verge of collapsing into blooper laughs well before the credits roll. It's depressing to watch such once-likable characters and conceits flail with no rescue in sight. Then again, they'd have been better dead than RED 2.
If everyone delivered their lines with the rat-a-tat-tat precision of Malkovich, Mirren and Hopkins, the studio might have had a better movie on its hands.
How bad could the boneyard be compared to sitting through this execrable piece of non-entertainment? Better dead than "RED 2."
It's not the summer's laziest sequel-- that's still Grown Ups 2 by a wide margin-- but it's a comfortable second place.
This sequel to the action comedy about veteran espionage agents charging back into action lacks elegance and wit and is devoid of thrills, except for those brought by Byung-hun Lee as a Korean contract killer.
Enemies and allies have changed sides so many times so randomly, that you're not sure who's fighting whom or why. You just know they all look a little old to be engaged in this sort of reckless behavior.
If there had been no Red, Red 2 would not have been as disappointing.
RED 2 is neither an improvement nor a significant step down; the movie is, like its predecessor, completely ordinary and mediocre in a middle-of-the-road sort of way.
Passable summer entertainment - an Expendables with people who can act.
Willis appears to have finally grown bored of his own shtick, and Malkovich spends most of the movie looking humiliated.
Red 2 is a modestly entertaining action romp. But it's a hollow endeavor with few lasting images or moments, the cotton candy of the multiplex.
Any movie that gives Helen Mirren a chance to shoot really big guns, wear an ermine astrakhan and channel Bette Davis as Queen Elizabeth can't be all bad, and "Red 2" isn't, though it comes close.
one of the most poorly directed, awkwardly edited films in recent memory
The sight of Helen Mirren wearing an evening dress and combat boots may be funny once. Try to build a second movie around such gags, though, and it quickly becomes apparent they weren't exactly riotous in the first place.
It's touchy balancing humor and deadly covert missions without one smothering the other, but "RED 2" does a capable job.
"RED 2" stands quite sturdily on its own as a caper comedy whose stars just happen to be approaching 50, 60 and even 70 years old.
The result feels like what the Bourne movies would have delivered if the screenwriters had opted for humour over spycraft.
RED 2 is perilously close to a formulaic romantic comedy, with a predestined couple going around in predictable relationship-ruining circles while everyone else interferes and dispenses advice.
While the comedy...occasionally works--especially when Malkovich is around--the action elements are mostly a drag.
It's a retread that's borderline obnoxious, visually inept, and dramatically flaccid.
It's utter drivel coasting by on slick proficiency (at 100 miles an hour).
The most significant difference between "RED 2" and the original film is its surprising lack of authentic human behavior.
There is a fine line between silly dumb fun and out-and-out stupidity, and "Red 2" crosses it one time too many.
Sitting through it is nowhere near as enjoyable as the experience of watching its predecessor.
The entire movie, including the whimsical action scenes, is careless about logic and even suspense, instead coasting on its momentum past narrative holes and, most of all, relying on its giddiness-inducing cast.
'RED 2' is faithful to 2010′s 'RED' in that it makes very little sense and maximizes the talent on display.
The movie is harmless enough - except possibly to stunt performers.
In a summer where action movies are increasingly serious to the point of being ponderous, it's nice to have a[n]...amusing action-adventure with a capable cast and decent story. It may be a small victory, but it's one I'm willing to celebrate.
It often feels tired and by the book, missing the heart of the original in ways that can't be enlivened by any number of crazy lids on Marvin's addled cranium.
Who can count how many times that high concept has resulted in sheer overkill? But with this sequel, more-is-more works-every over-the-top moment of it.
"Red 2" is not just a bad movie, it's bad karma. And the target audience of adult moviegoers who respect the names in its once-vital cast have a bull's-eye on their collective cranium.
It's all supremely silly stuff, and amusingly so, as long as you don't stop to think about all those blameless officers and agents cut down in the line of mindless entertainment.
Romances and rivalries are the themes upon which "Red 2" revolves and they spin quite merrily.
The movie's adequate. That's not much.
It's never laugh-out-loud funny or inside-track smart, but in a summer full of bombastic failures, a lack of pretense is enough.
"RED 2" is a sequel that has some snappy interplay, typically courtesy of Malkovich, but mostly feels like a cast working to manufacture what came naturally the first time.
Good comedy, and a nice reminder that people over 50 can still kick ass.
Would have been no more difficult to endure if I were sitting on nails.
"Red 2" does have its share of surprises, and the biggest of these is how funny the picture is and how very much fun the actors in it seem to be having.
If you are able to treat the violence as simply cartoonish-knowing they're just actors playing 'let's pretend'-then Red 2 can be a lot of fun.
Like its predecessor, it's a one-joke movie; the difference is that this time around, the joke is better.
RED 2 possesses a spark of life other action franchises lack by showing players like Helen Mirren absolutely kicking ass. It's goofy enough to entertain, and badass enough to get the blood pumping.
A movie of hilarious reaction shots -- little moments where the mere expression on M.L. Parker, Mirren, Hopkins or Malkovich's face sells the gag
Any good spy has to take risks to be successful. Too bad director Dean Parisot and his team didn't employ the same concept.
It should all be so much fun. But Red 2 just feels dutiful, as if it's relieved that all its parts somehow fit together properly.
An awfully expensive and grossly extended Cialis commercial.
Whatever it was that made the first film work is really lacking here.
Not that it isn't entertaining, but the film's premise is certainly well past its "use by" date.
in a lackadaisical sequel no one asked for except perhaps his creditors, Bruce Willis seems unmotivated to smile at all, much less offer a series of emotions that constitute a believable or compelling performance.
An obligatory sequel that can't quite recapture the sly, laid-back pleasures of its cheerfully ridiculous predecessor.
When it goes for the kind of winking humour that gave the original much of its charm the sequel feels forced rather than refreshing.

@highlight

While it's still hard to argue with its impeccable cast or the fun they often seem to be having, Red 2 replaces much of the goofy fun of its predecessor with empty, over-the-top bombast.