There are times when Her feels like genius, and times when it feels like one long and painful call to a call centre, because that's exactly what it is.
The most unique script produced in the last five years.
Her is riveting, unconventional but not an insane love story. If you are reading this review on your smart phone, you might already be in a relationship with it!
This retro-futuristic romance (set in a world where people dress like colorful Quakers) has not only a lyrical sharpness but also the most sincere of faces.
If ever you were going to fall in love with a voice, it would be hers, and she imbues Sam with a sense of wistfulness that is compelling.
While writer/director Spike Jonze creates a fascinating contemporary romance tale, complete with realistic snags, what is most interesting is the story's underlying commentary.
So it is with Her, which had me rolling my eyes so much, they threatened to come loose and rattle about in my skull like a pair of gory marbles.
The greatness of Her is not that it's a story about relationships that explains technology; it's that it's a story about technology that explains relationships.
Her, at its heart, is a story about being human, and to be human is to be so many beautiful, wonderful things.
Jonze's film is a quietly unsettling and impressive accomplishment, one that makes us believe its protagonists are in love despite the fact they can never be together.
Her is among the more pleasurable, immediately satisfying, and appreciably ambivalent of techno-love tales.
One half of the relationship at the center of 'Her' may lack a physical form, but it is nonetheless a film about the universality of romance: its longing, its intensity, and its transformative power - for the best, and the worst.
Her is set in the future, but its genius is the fact that it's a love story of our times.
Spike Jonze has journeyed into a genuinely rare genre here - the sci-fi drama - and emerged as victorious as ever.
This is an astoundingly written, directed and acted film that subtly infuses all its emotional and philosophical layers effortlessly and indiscreetly.
This intriguing romance takes a clever and sophisticated look at love in the modern world.
I adored Her because it tells a story of technology using the DNA of a love affair: longing, flirtation, disappointment, delirious lust, contentment, jealousy, heartbreak and confusion.
While parts of it are hilarious just as one would expect, the rest of the film takes on a surprisingly somber tone.
It sticks to its premise and goes deeper and expands there.
The quasi-science fiction story of the film feels entirely possible, as Phoenix stares around him at passersby, all entranced with an electronic device in their hands.
A provocatively-relevant film about how technology can make people dangerously introspective.
Her explores fantastical ideas in ways we wish more films would: cerebrally, maturely, and non-reliant on action.
Her is a winning discussion of the idealization of women and the possessive nature of monogamous relationships in a somewhat warmer fashion than Vertigo or Ruby Sparks while admitting that its a problem for both genders.
While intimacy and exclusivity are the core ideas being explored, very little is taboo...'Eliza,' you've come a long way, baby.
"Her" is the finest writing and directorial endeavor of Spike Jonze's career.
This quirky, clever, thought-provoking film is an all-too-credible prediction of the way humanity is heading, but is also sharply observant of the way we interact with technology, and each other, today.
A lyrical, deeply felt movie with a surprisingly gentle spirit.
Phoenix's performance is imbued with such genuine heartsickness that Theodore's musings on why his marriage fell apart ring of piercing, real-life regret, not break-up bromides.
'Her' reduces love to a purely intellectual pursuit. The body is oddly irrelevant, the soul absent, reproduction abandoned. The result is dehumanizing. And yet fascinating.
An abundantly earnest look at the pain of loss and the rebirth of new love that somehow feels wholly original and familiar at the same time.
It's an incredible technological tale about love, human connection, and a question of a higher power.
The only other filmmaker who knows how to make sound, music and moment fit like a fitting of a perfectly suited slipper would be Sofia Coppola. Patience. Trust.
If Her is indeed a male fetish fantasy (as one journalist claimed), it's an odd one, presumably aimed at the same men who get a thrill from having their member sheathed in sandpaper.
As Her slips into an inevitable melancholy, it becomes less about trans-humanity and more about, well, humanity.
A beautiful, bewitching and deceptively warm experience.
For the first time with Her, the relationships Jonze brings to the big screen blossom into something bigger than the story and setting around them.
Witty, tender and arrestingly gorgeous, Her is a masterpiece. Phoenix's central performance is of the lofty levels we have come to expect of him while Johansson disarms with only her voice.
In a calculatedly ambiguous way, Jonze appears to be both simultaneously mocking and embracing a genre (a tactic he used previously in Adaptation).
Audacious gimmicky sci-fi romance story between a lonely divorced writer with his newly purchased OS1.
A film you can revisit time and time again.
In the battle between head and heart there remains a Tin Man-shaped hole, leaving the viewer smiling wryly at the thought-provoking conceits while remaining as emotionally isolated as the movie's protagonist.
It's still an inspired, playful, erotic and gently tender look at our technology co-dependence, relationships and modern loneliness that is, undoubtedly, the love story of 2014.
It is a sweet-natured and melancholy film, beautifully directed, that manages to be satirical about love in a digital, distracted age without losing its heartfelt quality.
The combination of Jonze's dialogue, the intensity of the performances and the way the film's style wraps you up in Theodore and Samantha's inner-ear relationship makes this feel like a uniquely apt diagnosis of contemporary ills.
At two hours, Her is a little too long, but it ably demonstrates Jonze's talent for mature and magical film-making.
Her is a brilliantly reimagined rom-com, only obliquely interested in its sci-fi setting, which is casually disclosed as the film goes on, never foregrounded.
Sweet, smart, insightful, funny and thought-provoking ...
Its insights into relationships are sharp without being earth-shattering. But as a window onto a relationship that carries real meaning for the two people in it, Jonze has created something crystal-clear.
The film seems very new, but the sentimental ending is as old as the hills. There are some great moments.
We need more subplots. (Even just one.) Instead we get a life sentence of staring at Phoenix's face while the actor, as skilfully as he can, goes through the 12 steps of disenchantment in his one-man LA therapy classes.
Whimsical futuro-romance effortlessly evolves into ambiguous, unfathomable hard sci-fi in Spike Jonze's best film to date.
This unlikely ménage-a-trois has created an offbeat romance of remarkable warmth and credibility.
There are some memorable moments ... and Phoenix is very watchable.
With only a hint of a futuristic setting, Spike Jonze takes a remarkably honest look at human emotions as a man and his computer's intelligent operating system fall madly in love with each other.
Set in the not-too-distant future, this is a poignant, moving love story for the Apple age.
A concept like Her can be expressed satirically or sincerely but it can't easily be both. Jonze, who also wrote the screenplay, plumps wisely for the second option. It's the right move.
Spike Jonze's Oscar-nominated drama is a beautifully written, superbly acted and emotionally engaging drama that explores the nature of love and relationships in an increasingly digital world.
Like Marco Ferreri's I Love You (1986) or Craig Gillespie's Lars And The Real Girl (2007) played out amidst the technological singularity, Jonze's strange SF-lite romance brims with love actual and intelligence artificial. Log on now.
A keeper of a film, quietly dazzling
A beautifully shot provocation that is more interesting as a conversation on the way home than as an experience in the cinema.
Jonze has made a sweet, smart, silly, serious film for our times, only set in the future.
Seriously, I think this is the first time I can remember seeing Phoenix smile on camera since "Parenthood."
Nossos sentimentos, enfim, são reais ou apenas expressões químicas de nossos pensamentos e dores? Não, mais importante do que isso: faz alguma diferença?
Her asks us to consider what constitutes a 'real' relationship in a world where every interaction is filtered through technology, making it feel like a vital contemporary romance.
[Jonze's] latest, the futuristic sci-fi romance, Her, is another film of unrivaled excellence, one that taps into ideas and themes in the way only the mind of Mr. Jonze can. It is hands down the best American movie of 2013.
[A] tender, wry, deceptively modest package -- and the closer you look, the more it reveals itself to be the proverbial Movie For Our Times.
With Phoenix's face and Johansson's voice, Jonze has solved the screens-are-boring problem.
Her left me as empty as an unplugged monitor.
Beneath Jonze's rueful whimsy and bittersweet soft-focus love story lurks the prospect of a dystopian sci-fi thriller
The romantic intimacy is remarkable considering the two main characters never kiss, or share an embrace, or even look at one another.
As touching as it is funny, as profound as it is absurd, Her is a true 21st century love story.
With funny work from Chris Pratt as Theodore's boss and fine performances from Amy Adams as his mousey friend and Phoenix himself, this had the capacity to become darker but Jonze isn't interested in being nasty.
Spike Jonze is, despite proof consisting only of four features, one of the best filmmakers working today. His latest, Her handily verifies it.
An old-fashioned romantic convention run through an innovative wavelength of sci-fi wi-fi that doesn't seem all that out of sync with today.
With Jonze playing down his trademark absurdist humour and opting for a melancholy tone, we are left with a rather sad cautionary tale about the future of human intimacy.
As expected for such an acclaimed film, it is extremely well-written and well acted. It is a wonderful love story. But computer sex? I couldn't quite buy it. Trust me fellas, the computer is faking it.
...anyone who has found themselves intoxicated by another soul should find much to love in Her.
The amount of pleasure you take from Her is likely to correlate with your willingness to suspend your sense of disbelief.
If making a film is about dealing with compromises - as so many directors have told us - one of the beauties of Jonze's work is that he doesn't appear to have made many.
If Judd Apatow had directed this, it might have made a very good comedy, but in Jonze's hands it is beautifully philosophical and heartfelt. Utterly, devastatingly beautiful.
For all its techno-focus, a very human love story about our need for connection. Strange, witty, honest and curiously comforting.
Poses some big, complex questions, about consciousness, free-will and the limits of human understanding. Yet when all is said and done, heartbreak proves devastatingly simple.
It's an entertaining film. That said, the film does have tickets on itself. Spike Jonze's elegant direction is so seductive it might lead you to buy into the pretensions of profundity about just how deep his fable-like story goes.
A strangely penetrating look at our future in a tech based world of isolation with a quietly moving and vulnerable performance by Joaquin Phoenix.
The one-sheet text 'A Spike Jonze Love Story' completely sums up the film's weird and wondrous imagination, charm, and poignance.
Raising a host of questions about how we interact with technology and each other, Her is an elegantly constructed piece that seamlessly interweaves drama, design and dialogue.
It's the key question in Her - where do love and humanity begin and end? - and it lingers long after the film is over.
The latest film directed by Spike Jonze begs the question: Is touch a necessary sense for love?
Like the two main characters, romance and science fiction are infused magnificently in Her. There just aren't enough rooftops to shout my love for this film.
A bruised and beautifully layered piece of storytelling, which zeroes in on our desire for connection.
Endlessly fascinating and frequently sublime. Smart, insightful, funny, etc.
Moving, melancholy, sweet, sexy, and very, very funny, I feel such fondness for Jonze's Her... Becoming self aware: it's not just for robots anymore.
Gives moviegoers much to think about and discuss, on levels both sophomoric and profound.
It's a far cry from your typical relationship, but it is one that will prove how blind love can be and that it truly can make you do crazy things.
Iv you could zee her through my eyes ... she vouldn't look zoftvare at all.
The film really nails the modern urge to replace human connection with technological ones, and the pitfalls that await such a decision
A sublimely original film about human connections that feels personal - yet makes a haunting statement about all of society.
In his most accessible and romantic film yet, Jonze's unique premise is relatable, prescient and may be coming soon to a relationship near you.
Her pushes some interesting notions and sports some lovely dialogue ... Still, the film contains enough niggling details to prevent me from jumping on the Best of 2013 bandwagon.
it's not really a sci-fi movie; it's about you and me and everyone else, trying to make sense of this strange condition of humanity. And sex
an intricate and intimate relationship between a romantic wordsmith and dislocated husky voice of his intuitive operating system. This film about love of a virtual kind is inventive, outlandish, gentle, revealing, warm, funny and quirky to the nth degree
A legitimately grown-up movie about love and relationships, as well as one of the most insightful ever made on those subjects.
Jonze ("Being John Malkovich," "Adaptation") makes it all palpable with a combination of charm, humor and human interaction for Theo in the form of an intriguing best friend (the always convincing Amy Adams, appearing almost unrecognizable).
Strange, silly, sincere, sweet and seriously smart.
If in ten years we see people seeking the solace of love from digital companions, we'll have only to say that Spike Jonze showed us the way.
Phoenix delivers a herculean performance, managing to be nerdy, needy, thoughtful and emotional at all the right moments.
By working within the framework of a romantic drama, Jonze creates an emotionally honest film that feels endearingly familiar, yet enticingly unique.
It's an odd, sad love story, combined with a meditation on technology as an accelerator of social loneliness. Not a small part of it seems to be an allegory of lonely guys and their fear of women.
In a dark theater, surrounded by the wondrous world Jonze creates in Her, it's difficult to avoid getting emotional.
[A] marvelous meditation on love, relationships, and humanity in a high-tech world.
Only slightly a sci-fi film, the beautifully rendered 'Her,' in its quiet, penetrating way, raises many questions.
Brilliantly done, inspired acting but the one-note plot has nowhere to go.
It's funny, wise, chilling, beautiful, perceptive - and, above all else, it's a genuine love story.
Jonze has crafted a sublime movie that's part dark satire, part metaphysical comedy, part bittersweet romance, part brain-bending sci-fi fable.
Maybe we should all seek to go mad. By any means necessary.
Phoenix is a revelation in this film as he reveals so many layers of vulnerability that if he was standing in the lobby after the movie, you'd want to go give him a hug.
It doesn't just reflect the ways that technology has irrevocably changed our life, Her challenges the nature of our humanity and exposes a raw nerve.
Her shares a lot of themes with Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, another story about the difficulty of moving on from relationships that once seemed destined to last forever.
Her is a strikingly inventive work, and Jonze (who also wrote its script) once again shows his flair for approaching big ideas from oblique angles.
The problem with the film is the inherent limitation imposed by the story and visual scope. At times, HER is like the HOBBIT without the dragon.
Her is a gorgeous creation, and one of 2013's finest films.
Delightfully entertaining, if slightly unnerving ...
Her is a wistful, wonderful meditation on where we are and where we might be going.
...the film's critical fans-seem to think he's breaking new ground. He's not, and the resulting film is more disappointing than the hype surrounding it lets on.
"Her" is a beautiful story about love, as well as one of the most insightful, imaginative and intelligent films of the last year.
Thought-provoking film shows love in the time of artificial intelligence
A Cautionary Tale of Alienation
Jonze has done such a masterful job writing this offbeat love story.
A stinging romance for our solipsistic techie-centric times.
A lonely young man falls head over keyboard in love with his computer's operating system...It's not just any operating system, but one designed to be empathetic with humans, and has Scarlett Johansson as its Siri-with-sex-appeal voice. Who could resist?
Jonze has something spectacular here, but he's all too eager to bury the movie in unnecessary pauses, with a glacial pace hurting the picture's ambition to find a climatic place of catharsis.
"Her" is the "Gravity" of inner space.
Jonze encourages our awe at the mysteries of life even if they arrive in the form of technology.
An exquisitely conceived and executed fable about the need for, and difficulty of, human connection.
... poetic processions of images wash over the viewer, warmly enveloping and immersing as Jonze sidesteps easy paths, going deep into his characters. And we relate, simultaneously and unguardedly, ... perhaps discovering truths and insights.
The key to "Her" is that not really a movie about technology at all. It's almost entirely about male/female relationships
The movie has earned critical acclaim for capturing the zeitgeist of gadget-based narcissism, though it strikes me as the sort of thing made by someone who could use some actual problems to worry about.
Her is a gorgeous fable about the way technological innovation is always a crapshoot and about the way such inadvertently violent changes can poke at the human heart. Jonze navigates such tricky spaces with a warmth he's never before shown.
The brilliance of Her lies in how it uses a sci-fi concept to reconstruct the traditional arc of a romance, from getting-to-know-you to growing apart.
Surprisingly touching and tender...commentary on the modern realities of personal connection.
Jonze's film could probably have been condensed into a half hour "Twilight Zone"-type episode, but I will admit that Phoenix, and especially the sultry voice of Scarlett, keep this feature length film intriguing.
Like the OS1, the plot of "Her" is always evolving in unpredictable ways.
Jonze is reaching for something profoundly sincere with his fourth film, presenting a highly entertaining meditation on love. It seduces you - much like its protagonist is seduced by Johansson's exquisitely smoky voice.
It boasts a number of wonderfully written profundities, but there's little connective tissue to bind them. The result often feels more like a beautifully appointed bulletin board than a grand mural.
"Her" understands that technology sometimes prevents us from connecting with each other, but it also says technology can teach us how to be with each other.
Her uses a familiar idea to sci-fi fans - machine sentience - and spins it in a new and exciting direction.
Who would have predicted that one of the more aching screen romances in recent years would be between a man and his computer?
The science fiction supports the story without overpowering it (and without forcing you to make those pesky "would this really work?" calculations in your head), and the romance is genuine - even if it's virtual.
Liberation from her body seems to have freed Johansson as an actress; she gives the most complex performance of her career using only her smoky, flexible alto voice.
I haven't stopped thinking about Her since I saw it. It's a gift when anything does that.
A beautiful film about love and loneliness in the technological age.
Jonze's visions for the future, from the website where Theodore works to the "Class Mom" videogame Adams' character has designed, feel disturbingly spot-on.
Her was brilliant at constantly stroking my boner for subtle absurdity.
What's in your laptop?
It's the rise of the machines as romantic dramedy, and the Singularity as romantic tragedy. It's the nicest, gentlest sci-fi horror film ever.
Spike Jonze doesn't simply direct. He innovates.
A not very satisfying, not especially nourishing combination sci-fi story/romantic comedy.
Mesmerizing and heartfelt and a terrific example of thought-provoking (rather than laser blasting) sci-fi.(Full Content Review for Parents also available)
'Her' offers a mind-bending look at love and loneliness in the near future.
I wouldn't mind living in Spike Jonez's version of the future, but for now I'm happy to just keep watching 'Her' over and over again.
I was almost as bored by him (the self-indulgent protagonist) as Her.'
Her is a remarkably ingenious film but, more important, it is a film that transcends its own ingenuity to achieve something akin to wisdom.
Very simply a masterpiece, a profoundly openhearted exploration of emotional connection.
Unlike anything else you'll see this year. It's a romantic drama that dares to be different and with Jonze at the peak of his storytelling prowess, it's easy to love.
The best things in the movie aren't transporting or diverting but merely incite intellectual recognition: Yes. OK. That's amusing.
Jonze's sci-fi scenario glorifies relationships that are based on love, fidelity, honesty, close listening, and, above all, in-person intimacy.
An intoxicating and profound romantic drama that offers new insights into our dependence on technology.
Jonze uses the concept as a means of exploring what makes us human...
Jonze tells the ancient story here with great sensitivity and lyricism, the kind of artistry that machinery can never replace.
Filmed with a bright crispness that speaks of a nostalgia for the future, "Her" is a touching, buoyant pleasure.
There are a great many questions asked in Spike Jonze's observant and funny Her, a film that takes us through the familiar heartaches and joys of a relationship but from a completely different light.
You've heard of fables for our time? "Her" is a fable for the near future.
Captures the zeitgeist of a tech-centric world that may be too 'smart' for its own good...It's about the life of the mind and emotional dysfunction as much as it is a quirky romance, and every scene opens up new questions.
Jonze teases out what's genuine emotion and what's just programming. Her occurs in what Jonze calls the "slight future," but that's clearly a question for the ages.
Jonze has made a very compelling film here, putting forth questions that there are no easy answers to. He uses this opportunity to go deeper into the nature of emotion, using fully-formed characters that are brought to life with outstanding performances.
A genre-busting romantic drama of both generous whimsy and heart-crumbling beauty, "Her" isn't quite like any other film out there.
Jonze is an adventurous filmmaker who's never afraid of falling flat on his face and whose risks often pay off. In "Her" he is a wise observer for a modern conundrum.
Like all relationships, it's a complicated film that's hard to love but impossible to hate, and though it gets better once it overcomes its painfully dull first hour, it still feels uneven at best.
Phoenix has the perfect look and talent to play Theodore, and his chemistry with Johanssen's voice are a key ingredient in one of my favorite films of the year.
It's a premise that seems far-fetched and ridiculous, but the talent involved in "Her" makes it feel almost so real you can touch it.
Wonderful performances from Joaquin Phoenix, Amy Adams and Scarlett Johansson bring Spike Jonze's fanciful, strange sci-fi tale to vibrant life, though the film's delicate poetry prevents it from properly detailing the intriguing world it presents.
Her does American cinema proud
One of the more original, hilarious and even heartbreaking stories of the year.
Jonze has crafted something extremely rare in this era: a love story almost entirely free of cynicism, in a movie bereft of self-referential nonsense.
Graceful, strange romance with intense moments of sexuality.
It's one of the funniest and saddest movies of the year. That twofer doesn't happen often.
An enchanting tale of love among our many machines.
The film explores advanced notions of consciousness and existence that locate it squarely within the tradition of great philosophical inquiries.
With a breathtaking sense of adventure, Spike Jonze has, as with 'Being John Malkovich' and 'Adaptation,' turned cinema on its head to see what falls out.
It's hard to imagine any actor of his generation who could have carried off the lead role in Her other than Joaquin Phoenix.
What gives the film a significant upgrade is Mr. Jonze's gift for understated poetry, with intimations of philosophy. Lyrical flashbacks illuminate the love its hero once had, and lost.
It's a measure of Jonze's grace as a filmmaker that scenes that might have come across as satiric or smarmy are instead deeply resonant.
Forster said: "Only connect!" Up for debate is whether we must only disconnect first.
It's sweet, it's genuine, it's remarkably not cynical, it's optimistic, and it's absolutely beautiful in what is lacking from so many visions of our future and the way Hollywood sees relationships: Its humanity.
Her is filled with strong performances, an insightful script, beautiful direction and an impressive score from the critically acclaimed rock outfit Arcade Fire for what is truly a very human love story.
"...understands that as much as technology may enhance our lives, it won't be able to save us - or our relationships."
Rarely do romances come as strange, sad and beautiful as Her.
Spike Jonze's sophisticated look at romance in the near future is beautiful and bleak, heartfelt and oh-so-cool.
Johansson's vocal tour de force is award-worthy. So is the movie. Ignore the soft ending. Jonze is a visionary whose lyrical, soulful meditation on relationships of the future cuts to the heart of the way we live now.
The film's genius is how it grounds the notion of a man falling for an artificially intelligent machine with reality. Just how many clicks away is this from online dating?
The movie is at times funny, brutal, exciting, and raw, and with a special splash of science-fiction it delivers an emotionally honest, deep look at what it means and how it feels to be in love.
I really can't say enough about how vividly the filmmaker and his creative team render this World of Tomorrow.
Her is a story of both the next step in human progress and the eternal quest to find someone to love ... told with humor, beauty, strangeness and charm.
Jonze's gentle, poignant yet ultimately joyful film distinguishes him as one of the most insightful chroniclers of the human condition. "Her" and its quietly unveiled performance from an extraordinary Joaquin Phoenix are the year's best.
One of the most engaging and genuinely provocative movies you're likely to see this year, and definitely a challenging but not inapt date movie.
A heartrending romance that will ring true for all those who've found, lost, or are still impatiently awaiting their own soul mate.
It's a melancholy comic fable about the here and now, thinly disguised as an outlandish vision of the there and later.
Sad, lonely and romantic and one of the best pictures of 2013.
Her contains a languid, lackadaisical midsection that prevents the viewer from wholeheartedly connecting to the material or the characters...
The movie is brilliantly visualized and consistently compelling and - although this is not a flaw, but an observation - it definitely says different things to different people.
Jonze's Her is a work of sweeping, poetic genius.
A poignant love story that measures the emotional toll of living too deeply within the virtual world.
Acerbic, emotional, provocative, it's a risky high dive off the big board with a plot that sounds like a gimmick but ends up haunting, odd and a bit wonderful.
"Her" is an immersive universe that's sometimes faintly satirical but more often lovelorn and transcendent.
Her is smart, thought provoking, and one of the year's best films. Now please shut down your laptop and go talk to someone face to face for a while.
This is a movie you want to reach out and caress, about a man who, like everyone else around him in this near future, has retreated from other people into a machine world.
...a silly, not credible meander down a road to nowhere.
There are many, many feelings stuck into Her, pin-cushion-style, but the result is a kind of overstuffed stupefaction.
there's a dangerous naivete here
[Spike] Jonze's perspective is somewhere between non-judgmental and approving. If anything, it normalizes what should be (and probably is) a very abnormal, maybe unhealthy union.
Spike Jonze's glorious 21st Century love story not only swept me off my feet, but also shot an arrow deep into my heart.
"Her" goes light-years beyond science-fiction cliches. As the story progresses further into unexpected territory, "Her" sometimes feels like an out-of-body experience.
Her is a 21st-century love story that perfectly captures the mood of the times.
Far from being a cautionary tale, Her highlights how technology itself can not only fulfill our emotional needs, but also clarify our relationships with the people it's meant to connect us with.
A daring piece of work...turns what could have been a one-joke movie into something much deeper and more emotionally thoughtful.
Jonze seems to be heading for a far quirkier ending than the one he actually delivers, but he does tap into the zeitgeist with his unlikely romantic fable.
Spike Jonze never blinks. He adores Theodore and wants him to be happy. Who are we to judge what makes a man happy?
What makes Her so potent is that it does to us what Samantha does to Theodore. We are informed, cosseted, and entertained, and yet we are never more than a breath away from being creeped out.
Quirky and quixotic, Spike Jonze has fashioned a sadly surreal, screwball comedy/drama, subtly exploring how we perceive and interact with those around us.
Singularly brilliant concept makes for a highly intriguing viewing experience until it begins to peter out towards the end.
In Her, Jonze transforms his music-video aesthetic into something magically personal.
Jonze's satiric, brave-new-world premise is undeniably clever, but it's also a bit icy emotionally.
Though scenes occasionally start to feel static, Jonze usually finds entertaining ways to keep the film's tricky conceit going.
All concept and style, "Her" floats around like a clinical bubble that pops.
It's melancholy, moving and unmissable.
Her is a romantic computer comedy. It's a rom-com.com.
Makes you want to put down your iPhone, and to reach out and touch someone.
I need a writing service to articulate the love that I have for "Her"... Spike Jonze has done something remarkable with Her. He's created a love story that feels brand new, yet abstractly familiar.
Her is told from Theo's perspective, and all he can ever really know about Samantha is that she's infinite-and when it comes to another person, what's more real than that?
With his new movie her... Jonze creates the splendid anachronism of a movie romance that is laugh-and-cry and warm all over, totally sweet and utterly serious.
A wild and weird romantic story about the intimate relationship between a lonely man and his computer operating system who calls herself Samantha.
The not-too-distant future of Spike Jonze's her is both utopian and dystopian - a mesmerizing, provocative, and romantic world to soak up.
Spike Jonze's singular, wryly funny, subtly profound consideration of our relationship to technology - and to each other.
This is a probing, inquisitive work of a very high order, although it goes a bit slack in the final third and concludes rather conventionally compared to much that has come before.
Phoenix is as sweet and soulful as we always suspected he might be.
The idea certainly has an inquisitive edge, but it's not just a cheeky provocation; Jonze infuses the conceit with genuine passion.
There is definitely heartbreak here, as there seems to be in most of his films, but there is also healing, and that feels like something new.
If, like me, you've admired Jonze's ambitions more than you've responded to his results, you may find that Her puts his means and his ends on more equal footing. He shoots for the moon and, this time, hits it.
A screwball surrealist comedy that asks us to laugh at an unconventional romance while also disarming us with the realization that its fantasy scenario isn't too far from our present reality.
A sensitive and genuinely curious look at programmed living and the follies of possessive love that unfolds like When Harry Met Skynet
...Her is an emotionally involving and wonderfully layered look at our desire to reach out and connect...It's both sweet and considered and observant about our fears, masks and growing alienation.

@highlight

Sweet, soulful, and smart, Spike Jonze's Her uses its just-barely-sci-fi scenario to impart wryly funny wisdom about the state of modern human relationships.