The Cave is a decently crafted but unoriginal and uninspiring creature feature with a few moments of true entertainment that the rest of the film never matches up to.
Replete with winged undersea cave monsters, unlikely mountain climbing heroics and a mutating microbe that turns its victims into creatures-in-waiting "The Cave" is a paint-by-numbers thriller lacking in pigment.
Bland, boring, conventional, cliché, and dumb...
About what you'd expect from a low budget, B-movie destined to reside among the direct-to-video releases at Blockbuster and the Saturday night features on the Sci-Fi Channel.
O roteiro é ridículo, mas o filme consegue criar algumas seqüências tensas. Ainda assim, empalidece frente ao ótimo (e similar) The Descent.
...a dull, thoroughly unpleasant horror flick...
...despite its shortcomings, The Cave does deliver on some of its promises.
The monsters show up and it becomes another run-of-the-mill creature feature, only one that's more dimly lit than usual because of the setting.
Some things, like this movie, are best left undiscovered.
If you like cold, dark, claustrophobic spaces, I highly recommend you go rediscover The Abyss. If that doesn't work, just go hole yourself up in a closet!
I wouldn't even encourage movie-goers who adore this type of film to give it a try because you'd be much better off renting anything from the action section of your favorite video store.
Rare is the movie in which it's so blatant that the quest for a lower rating has influenced the aesthetic style so much.
The whole thing is pretty dumb, and not tongue-in-cheek enough to make the dumbness fun.
Not a classic by any means, but possibly one you might want to add to your Netflix queue for a rainy day.
Even among the dogs of summer, The Cave scrapes bottom.
Forgettable.
Look up pointless in the dictionary and you'll find a movie poster for The Cave.
The pretty cast gets knocked off in order of attractiveness (the least cute bite it earlier on) and the monsters and action are shot in such a way as to maximize the overall incoherence.
Not only is Patrick Tatopoulos' (I, Robot) creature design laughable, but the actors (other than Hauser who somehow manages to make it through unscathed) give some of most shockingly awful performances I've seen all year.
A generic duffer that's as exciting as a hole in the ground.
It's dumb folks, yeah it's an "Alien" rip-off, but that's not a terrible thing, it's the complete lack logic and decent dialogue that's the problem.
Like many subpar efforts of this sort, the cutting in The Cave is so frantic you can't tell what's going on or who's getting chewed on.
As the group's flinty leader, Cole Hauser does a passable imitation of a stalagmite.
The monster/action bits are too jerkily-shot to be exciting and character business is 100% cardboard.
Man-in-a-rubber-suit monster movie can't even score a proper Columbia release, but gets dumped through Screen Gems. (Even Rob Schneider movies get the torch lady.)
Every one of its surprises are packaged. People get picked off, the screen shakes, monsters roar, the prettiest survive. "The Cave" is hollow.
Has atmosphere to burn (and one lulu of a set-piece involving a rock-climbing Piper Perabo) but [the] mixmaster editing style drains away much of the film's urgency.
Fright-wise, The Cave is a dry hole.
Characters leap, dive, climb, swim, lift, and run from one scene to the next. The Cave is the celluloid personification of 'Outside Magazine.'
Spare and single-minded, The Cave is an insistently entertaining piece of pulp.
Shades of Moria, Batman!
It's all noise and motion that blurs the action to the point of incomprehensibility.
The good thing is its not too scary; the bad thing is its not too scary
You will laugh at numerous unintended jokes -- including the baked-in opportunity for a sequel.
It may dredge up a few frights, but for the most part The Cave is a spelunker clunker.
...it's difficult to take any of this mess seriously. But even unintentional laughs tend to come at a premium in a movie this cheap and derivative.
Movies such as "The Cave" are one of the reasons that box office proceeds are plummeting in record numbers.
Contained enough unusual scenery and frightening sequences to keep my mind off its farfetched plot most of the time.
Succeeds in being a horrific failure.
So very, very stupid... and so very, very fun.
Romps along on its endearingly dumb, shameless wavelength.
Years ago, The Cave would have made an adequate bottom half of double bills. But at today's ticket prices, this is a wait-for-cable movie if there ever was one.
"I haven't seen a hole like this in a long time," one character actually observes. My sentiments exactly.
if you enjoy watching flying, bloodthirsty monsters chase people around dark places, you'll get a kick from the film
Not once is The Cave scary, suspenseful, or worth the brain cells you'll lose trying to dumb yourself down to its level.
so-so... delivers a couple of jolts before the dopey finale, which takes place in a steamy, flame-filled cavern that looks alarmingly like Dante's Go-Go Lounge.
Just watch the last half-hour of The Cave when it hits HBO or Cinemax. That'll be all you need to see, and you won't have to waste eight bucks on it.
Constrained and unreadable, the space turns invaders into opportunistic killers (or maybe just rearrangers, a next step in body snatching).
The film's creatures are quite derivative, while one of the most intriguing revelations pertaining to them is never convincingly exploited or properly explained.
Even for a weird creature-feature, this murky, run-of-the-mill scare story is decidedly mundane.
Let's just say that you should go see The Cave - if you're looking for a cure for intelligence, insomnia or constipation.
The Cave isn't just a bad movie, it's a very, very, very bad movie, so bad that it can't even redeem itself by turning into high camp.
Feels stunningly familiar as it goes through the rote edicts of the scientific crew vs. toothy beastie formula.
None of the characters is developed past his or her first name, and it's not very scary.
Somewhere deep beneath the Carpathian mountains, something unholy stirs: It's an unspeakable stinker of a movie called The Cave.
The Cave is an over-the-top horror flick with one novel offering: It's shot amid a stunning network of subterranean caverns.
A claustrophobic horror film that provides nothing original beyond its underground setting.
Messy, derivative, and silly, The Cave is, at the very least, oddly likable.
Why would anybody go in The Cave?
When scares should start to pop, they barely fizzle.
The Cave delivers the B-grade thrills its premise and trailers promise and that's about all we should expect.
The Cave raises one crucial question: Why can't Hollywood come up with a fresh design for their man-eating monsters?
Most everyone in the audience, except those rendered unconscious by boredom, will see the 'big twist' plot turn coming well in advance, although the qualifiers 'big' and 'twist' seem overblown and inexact.
The Cave has a brisk B-movie efficiency, and not much space for bad acting, but it is blatantly derivative -- Alien or Predator in a cave.
Logically, all the monsters would eat all the humans at once, and the movie would be over in about three minutes. In the case of The Cave, that would have been a good thing.
Is The Cave scary? Not especially, partly due to the creatures' goofy sound effects.
It's played entirely too straight-faced for its own good, which is to say, deadly serious.
You need to draw performances from actors, pace scenes, keep us aware of what's happening at any time; Hunt hasn't yet learned those skills.
Showing no interest in staking new ground, Bruce Hunt is content to make his directing debut by aping scenes from better examples of the horror/thriller genre.
The Cave answers every question I've ever had about what might happen when a handful of hotties head deep inside the earth. For starters, the middle-aged and intelligent die early.
One plot twist provides a creative respite from the rehash barrage, but this Cave is better explored on DVD.
The Cave is a rare find, a film that is pure formula, yet impossible to follow.
The makers of The Cave must have conceived their plot by Googling 'creature features' and 'recipes for monster mash.'
A cheesy, often unintentionally funny, direct-to-video-caliber knockoff of Aliens that couldn't be more shallow.
Destined to be a favorite...on cable TV.
The only truly scary thing in The Cave is the idea, as set up by the ending, that there could be a sequel.
This should never see the light of day.
too generic to offer many scares
The two kings of last August, Morris Chestnut and Cole Hauser, return to the screen for another late summer turkey
The Cave sunk to new depths - it's totally lacking in humor, imagination, personality, or any real entertainment value.
If they had packed a little more character development and logic, "The Cave" would have felt a little less empty.
[T]he monsters... are so derivative that they almost seem like old friends rather than a new threat.
Just barely worth exploring. (On DVD, that is.)
Without 'scary' and 'surprising,' what is The Cave left with? Flying amphibian monsters. Which are great to have in a movie, I'll grant you, but not by themselves.
Director Bruce Hunt shouldn't be allowed to film a birthday party, let alone a major motion picture.
This movie unfolds as though the scenes were assembled in random order. At least I think that's what it looks like; it's hard to say because it was so dark and murky looking.
Despite the occasional chuckles of embarrassment for what the cast (including Morris Chestnut, Piper Perabo, and Eddie Cibrian) must endure, The Cave is a dead end.
Now that Hollywood has manufactured enough Alien clones to fill a wall at Blockbuster, who needs another?
A bottomless pit of lame characters, horror-film cliches and improbable monsters.
'Something's not right here,' proclaims one of the characters exploring the creepy depths of The Cave. We couldn't have said it better ourselves.
A high-concept creature feature that manages to fumble the concept and the creature in its sloppy execution.
The first-time director Bruce Hunt is no stranger to inspired and stylish productions, but his horror-action film fails to inject new life into tired territory.
A turd held up to the flickering bulb of the projector would be a marked improvement.
Its job is to deliver a few jolty thrills and a couple of laughs and wrap things up before it starts to get too dumb.
Ten things I learned watching The Cave. 1. 'Beneath heaven lies hell. Beneath hell lies the cave.' 2. Beneath that lies the theater showing The Cave.
Vast and unexplainable, with plenty of places to hide. You'll want to find one.
Bruce Hunt's directing debut displays a cold-blooded efficiency and refreshing lack of Michael Bay-ish hyperactivity in what is otherwise a solid if unspectacular action-horror flick.
The best part is that it takes place in a couple of locales -- spelunking in a cave and diving underwater -- that we don't normally go, unless it's a nature documentary.
This latest exercise in claustrophobic mayhem is hole-y awful.
If you gotta rip something off, might as well be a classic.
it isn't just tedious, it isn't just silly, no, it goes the distance until it actually becomes a personal affront to the sensibilities of everyone concerned
Remember: CPR doesn't properly work on women unless their cleavage is visible.









@highlight

Despite its stylized and impressive sets, this horror-monster movie mish-mash suffers from endless cliches and wildly implausible plotlines.