The final 15 minutes betray the first 100, hammering all themes into our skulls. It's an unnecessarily on-the-nose finish to a mostly organic central relationship.
The baggage Stewart brings to 'Camp X-Ray' makes its first hour more compelling than anything in the screenplay.
This is an excellent movie. It is a powerful drama set at the Guantanamo Bay prison. It avoids political posturing and gets down the human interaction between guards and prisoners, while avoiding the usual prison clichés.
Superbly unsettling. Pointedly highlights how incarceration dehumanizes inmate and guard alike. Kristen Stewart's steeliness is perfectly suited to its ironies.
Writer-director Sattler keeps the drama small and intimate, between two people, focusing on the minutiae of daily life inside the prison and letting us draw the moral implications.
The final reel of Camp X-Ray is actually kinda terrible, but that's not enough to undo all the excellence that has come before. At least not for me.
With phenomenal performances from Kristen Stewart and Peyman Moaadi, Camp X-Ray offers that hopeful ray of light at the end of a very long, dark tunnel.
A lean and mean essay on human bondage, a minimalist examination of living life to the least.
Avgenerally minor movie, but not a bad one.
Camp X-Ray raises quite a few fascinating questions about power, sexism, and war, yet fails to explore them in any real depth. More troubling still, it's a character study that does little in the way of character development.
It's invigorated, somewhat, by strong central performances from actors on opposite sides of a locked steel door.
Writer-director Peter Sattler... grounds his story in the cold operational detail of Gitmo, showing how the soldiers there administer the legal limbo of indefinite detention and insulate themselves from the cruelty and injustice of what they're doing.
Effectively dramatizes a situation with the possibility to cause frustration for those both inside and outside the cells.
Payman Moaadi's performance in Camp X-Ray shines with enough humanity to illuminate the whole movie.
On another movie, the high-corn finale might have worked; here, it just feels patently false.
Has a great idea behind it - a young female soldier assigned guard duty at Guantanamo Bay forms a kinship with one of the incarcerated Muslims - but first-time writer-director Peter Sattler doesn't go anywhere interesting with that notion.
It helps if you think of "Camp X-Ray" and the prison face-off between Stewart and Maadi as a cautionary conversation unfolding more like a theater production than a movie.
Sattler digs into both sides of those cell doors, exploring the combative side of soldiers having to "babysit" detainees while those inside the prison walls are driven mad by their lack of sleep and unfortunate conditions.
A bit of an overreach for Kristen Stewart, but much respect for her in attempting it.
Even as Camp X-Ray builds to its preposterous final scene, Stewart and Moaadi remain fascinating to behold.
[The] film succeeds in following a grand tradition of cinema that doesn't necessarily expose the folly of war, yet rather the more specific folly of sending young, still red-in-the-cheek soldiers into a war zone.
An intense character study of life in incarceration for guard and guarded, without angling for obvious shock tactics.
These two onscreen together seems ludicrous at first glance. But like their characters, they create something powerful and rewarding.
Despite the film being slowly paced with some flaws, its subject is worth telling and heightened by standout performances from Stewart and Payman Moaadi.
Kirsten Stewart and Peyman Moaadi ably take center stage in the Gitmo drama Camp X-Ray, but do we need to be reminded that we're not that different again?
Camp X-Ray's portrayal of its Middle Eastern hero is such a breath of fresh air that one can almost forgive its abundance of flaws.
As Cole, Kristen Stewart is a good fit. In some of her more notable past roles, her tense, clipped delivery has read like disassociation from the material. But here, we get it.
'Camp X-Ray' is well-cast: Stewart's stoic performance is quite good and Peyman Moaadi is heartbreakingly believable as a man who has lost almost all hope but tries to maintain his dignity.
It's enjoyable to listen to them bicker then bond, not because of what they're saying but because of their gifts as performers.
Not every plot twist works, but the movie succeeds in raising questions that are too easily ignored.
An expensively mounted treatise on important issues that's terrified to dig in obsessively, yet so ramrod-stiff with indignation that it never comes anywhere near compelling entertainment.
Camp X-Ray seems more outraged by military sexism than the notion that Gitmo remains open in the Age of Obama.
"Camp X-Ray" has cinematic and moral intelligence.
The flat, emotionless mask that Cole is supposed to keep in place plays exactly to Stewart's own, very guarded screen persona.
Featuring a dynamic performance from Maadi and thoughtful one from Stewart, the claustrophobic drama only falters when it leans too heavily on obvious metaphors and screenwriting cliches in its final moments.
Despite the movie's gripping performances and the verisimilitude of many elements, I simply don't believe the story.
An obvious but strongly humanist drama from first-time feature maker Peter Sattler.
It's severely imperfect ... but seeing Stewart continue to use her abilities well and as a tool to create an interesting dynamic makes the film worth watching.
An on-the-nose approach smothers all subtext into submission and leaves nothing of interest alive.
The movie becomes a series of histrionic attempts to be, as Stewart's character says with a pout, ''Just not as black and white as they said it was gonna be.''
'Camp X-Ray" already feels like a throwback to an earlier era, when Hollywood cared about what was going on at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp for suspected Islamist terrorists.
There's something insulting about this thoroughly well-intentioned film ...
Stewart seems out to prove her potential with this solemn drama. For the most part, she succeeds.
Stewart's strained stoicism bounces nicely off of Maadi's winningly garrulous performance, which he has to give almost entirely through a small window in the door of Amir's cell.
Stewart plays Cole with her million-dollar hair bunned up, her movie-star litheness layered beneath formless fatigues, her eyes raw, and the dusting of freckles on her cheekbones exposed.
Credible narrative focusing on a female guard at Gitmo and an intelligent Arab prisoner who gets under her skin and changes her from a tough soldier to a softer and more understanding American.
At bare minimum, you can relish in the bravura turns of Kristen Stewart and Peyman Moaadi, two actors that are well worth the watch.
Lead actors Kristen Stewart and Peyman Moaadi deliver highly convincing portrayals as camp guard Amy and 'detainee' Ali...
Kristen Stewart kicks ass, taking on with raw and real gusto, what's going down in the world today. And opting for the opposite of most movie stars in their quest for fame and fortune, intent on mining her talent for meaningful hardcore drama instead.
Kristen Stewart and Peyman Moaadi are quite good, and the sequences that focus on their would-be relationship make up enough of the running time for the film to qualify as an acting treat.
As a work of moral ambivalence, it's extremely interesting. As a jingoistic apology for imprisonment, it's flawed. I choose to believe based on the pedigree of those involved that my former reading is...the more accurate analysis of the film
While flawed in execution, Camp X-Ray tells us traditional notions of good and evil no longer apply in a misguided place like Gitmo.
Twilight's Kristen Stewart demonstrates a decent performance in Camp X-Ray, a movie about Guantanamo Bay with high potential that is frustratingly wasted.
Do these performances outweigh a scenario that feels written by a politically outraged 12-year-old?
Compelling and often thought-provoking.
If nothing else, it suggests that Kristen Stewart may escape the prison of Twilight
First-time writer-director Peter Sattler's pic means very well, but strains credibility and ethics alike.
Sattler does an impressive job of stitching unpleasant facts about Guantanamo into the narrative - from those tricky Convention semantics to Cole's discovery that the cell lights are never turned off at night.
So crude and overstretched, it's a wonder [Stewart] didn't attempt to tunnel out before the credits rolled.

@highlight

Camp X-Ray 's treatment of its subject verges on the shallow, but benefits greatly from a pair of impressive performances from Kristen Stewart and Peyman Moaadi.