This is one of a remarkable series of Warner Bros melodramatic biopics whose central performances were once considered prime examples of cinematic acting.
As a courtroom drama, and as a depiction of government corruption, this film is pretty first rate.
The most distinguished and most important contribution to the screen this year.
Stacks up well against many a film biography of the subsequent three-quarters of a century.
Last week Warner Brothers released a movie which is probably the outstanding prestige picture of the season. It is also one of the best shows.
A piece of pap.
A moving evocation of an era and a heroic deed.
The film is destined to box office approval of the most substantial character. It is finely made and merits high rating as cinema art and significant recognition as major showmanship.
This act of altruism on behalf of the brothers Warner was rewarded with the best picture Oscar for 1937; it isn't so much bad as utterly, magisterially bland.
One of Warner's earnest biopics of great men, with good acting from Paul Muni in the lead and Joseph Schildkraut who won a Supporting Actor Oscar as the wrongly accused Captain Alfred Dreyfus
A recurring theme among Oscar winners, Life of Emile Zola's anti-oppression topic rings loudly in the ears of all those who would use war as an excuse to abridge freedoms.
The patchy, overly earnest screenplay as well as the typically shapeless direction of William Dieterle keep calcifying the movie into an arid diorama.
Carefully mounted, well directed and acted, but basically the sort of well-meaning pap out of which Oscars are made.
The Life of Emile Zola may seem somewhat dated today, its methods and manner a little old-fashioned, and its style rather quaint.
If you sit down to watch The Life of Emile Zola, skip the first third of the movie, because frankly, the beginning blows goats.
Along with George Arliss, Paul Muni was Hollywood's designated portrayer of Great Men.
The film finds its focus and its heart when Schildkraut is banished to Devil's Island, and then it can hardly be faulted.
A great and valuable and stirring film document.
Typical, solidly-mounted simplistic biopic from William Dieterle.
The dialogue is perhaps overwritten, but moments are superb between Zola and his roommate artist Cezanne as they talk of government and injustices.
This look at how screwed up the French legal system is can be harrowing.
A curiously uninvolving biopic.
The strong story line is enhanced by intelligent dialogue and first rate performances by a stellar cast.
It's a compelling film that demands no previous knowledge of the title character in order to derive satisfaction from the story.

@highlight

Well-written, well-meaning and solidly acted, The Life of Emile Zola film may ultimately be more earnest than dramatically engaging.