The sex, fart, and pot jokes come so fast and furious that a white flag seems the most appropriate response.
Absolutely dreadful and offensive comedy.
So filled with untapped laughs, potentially interesting sub-plots and fails in every single aspect in a mostly laughless stoner comedy.
Even if you aren't under the influence, you might find yourself chuckling at various points during the movie, if only in disbelief at some of the things the cast is asked to do.
Grandma's Boy isn't just a movie, it's a weapon of mass destruction. Audiences across the country should run for cover.
Hilarity fails to ensue in the workplace or at home, in spite of the late introduction of a fighting, driving monkey.
better than some sandler movies
...one puerile, thoroughly unfunny joke after another...
The chief value of this stinker is as a glimpse of how bad Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle and The 40-Year-Old Virgin might have been if they'd been written by Covert, Barry Wernick and Nick Swardson, and directed by Nicholaus Goossen.
Covert is so obnoxious, so lacking in the basic understanding of comic timing, that we understand why he has to get his buddy Sandler to give him work.
Grandma's Boy is a better series of spoofs than anything we currently see on that show. It's an affectionate and tight-knit comedy.
Those who like America Pie and its spawn will likely find comfort in the jokes here.
Grandma's Boy is what would result if Adam Sandler and his high profile co-stars bailed on a movie and the understudies took over.
It's gross, it's cheesy, and it's baked beyond all reasonable limits, but this everything-and-the-kitchen-sink comic soufflé still manages to be goofily entertaining beyond all expectations.
"Grandma's Boy" is a pot- and potty-mouthed relative of an Adam Sandler movie.
The only worthwhile character is bad guy J.P. (Joel David Moore), a gaming prodigy with a Gollum-like multiple-personality disorder... J.P. suggests a subtle, unconscious awareness of how stupid the whole movie is.
Like the dead kitty left to rot under grandma's couch, this movie stinks!
If you're a video game geek and/or a stoner, Grandma's Boy isn't a comedy -- it's a documentary. For everyone else, it's an interminably flat, one-joke movie with admittedly a couple of decent laughs.
It's plenty stupid, often funny and occasionally pithy. That may add up to a movie you want to see, or it might add up to a movie that will make you ill.
Grandma's Boy isn't as bad as it sounds, but the shame is that there's a lot of potential here for a really good movie that remains unrealized.
[The film] does a very thorough job of reducing every recognizable member of the cast to probable career lows.
Sufficiently oddball and the performers sufficiently likable to keep the whole thing from being painful.
Everyone won't love Doris in this crude, boring movie
The Sandler-patented mix of the deliberately offensive and the blatantly sentimental loses something in the maestro's absence.
Grandma's Boy is an Adam Sandler comedy without Adam Sandler, which is kind of like getting a root canal without the dentist.
An Adam Sandler movie without Adam Sandler, it turns out, is not necessarily an improvement.
Even silly fun needs serious talent behind it.
The kind of laid-back goofball comedy custom-designed to chase away any self-respecting respectable person and play to the good-natured slackers out there in the dark. If you're among the latter, you've found a home. If you're not, you have been warned.
While '06 is still young, chances are, 12 months from now, Grandma's Boy will rank as one of the year's worst comedies. Munich offers more laughs.
It's a one-line pitch in search of an actual script. And, given how difficult it is to sell a screenplay to a studio, much less get it made, it's really sad to see something this lazy and meager actually work its way through the system.
No one here has the slightest idea what being elderly actually means or that old folks may once have been (and may still be) far hipper than the young men and women looking at them with fond incomprehension.
Grandma's Boy combines pot-smoking, big breasts, African bushmen, octogenarians, video-gaming techno-geeks--and one inappropriate masturbation scene--in one feel-good movie perfect for teenage boys. If they can get in, that is.
The film's [directorial] crudity is ultimately an unbearable drag on its joviality.
Nicholaus Goossen, another Sandler protégé, makes an inauspicious directing debut with this limp collection of clichés larded with product plugs.
I won't even bore you with the horrendous way this project was shot, cut, or scrawled with crayon onto a roll of toilet paper. This thing makes the Police Academy movies look like the collected works of Billy Wilder.
Goossen misuses recognizable names for dubious cameos and pushes eccentric side characters to uncomfortable parody.
This is one of those movies where you stay rooted in your seat just to see how bad it can really get. And every time you think it has hit the bottom, the filmmakers find a passage taking them lower.
Grandma's Boy is so bad that Sandler couldn't even be bothered to make his usual cameo appearance this time around.
A brain-dead piece of slacker swill, worse than the worst Sandler, Schneider or Spade movie ever made.
You have to give credit to a movie that focuses 90 percent of its energy on video game and ganja jokes. Even if you make the best movie ever, gamers and tokers are perhaps the two least motivated groups to get out and see a movie.
What are acclaimed veteran actresses Doris Roberts, Shirley Jones and Shirley Knight doing in a movie like Grandma's Boy? They deserve better.
It's funny but so lowbrow you'll actually feel your brain cells dying.
Earns a few very big laughs along the way, but it is all in the service of an overall empty package.
I did manage to be more tickled than annoyed at some of the movie's dumb, crude attempts at humor.
What distinguishes this freewheeling, strangely honest comedy (directed by first-timer Nicholaus Goossen) is its puff-and-pass-it-along view, an inviting, goofy-grin attitude toward insular losers.
Everybody else, however, should stay far, far away. That is, unless you want to bear witness to the excruciating cast of characters that includes a kung-fu monkey and a guy who talks like a robot whenever he gets nervous. Yes, it's that bad.
The real shame of Grandma's Boy isn't the juvenile humor, it's that there's a lot of solid humor potential here, and it's just not realized.
Kind of like Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle crossed with "The Golden Girls".
If he's schooling punks on Dance Dance Revolution or making out with Shirley Jones, Nick Swardson steals every scene he's in, giving the material a distinctive twist through unexpected line delivery and crack comic timing.
Just as a few bong hits would probably make the movie a tiny bit funnier, they would also probably make all memories of the film blissfully vanish.
There is no movie. There is only the fact that Adam Sandler has cronies, and Adam Sandler gets what he wants.
It's a miracle that Jones, Knight and Roberts emerge with most of their dignity intact. Too bad the same can't be said for everyone else involved in this total waste of time.
The veteran actresses who co-star in this stoner comedy have an Oscar and multiple Emmys and Tonys among them, but it's unlikely they'll have to clear any more space on their mantels for Grandma's Boy.
The nicest thing that can be said about this stoner comedy is that it's not the worst of its lowbrow kind.
I may require therapy after seeing this.
It's as aimless and pointless as a joke told while stoned.
One of the most humorless attempts at comedy since the invention of Rob Schneider.
Grandma's Boy is a brain-dead stoner comedy from Happy Madison Productions that was coproduced by Adam Sandler. Rarely has so little been done with so little.
There is no doubt that it belongs in Hollywood's sewer, but it's the gem of the sewer this year.
less a movie than it is a string of mediocre 'Saturday Night Live'' skits, and it doesn't even attempt to develop anything resembling a plot until well after the one-hour mark.
I'd call this defiance of basic movie conventions 'experimental' if I didn't know it was actually due to sheer incompetence.
In the real world, no one ever learns anything. People just stumble along in their own filth and stupidity. So does everyone in this movie. It's refreshing.
As a short it could have emerged as inspired, but as a feature it feels tired, deflated, and far too familiar.

@highlight

A gross-out comedy that's more gross than comedic, Grandma's Boy is lazy and unrewarding.