It's a great show for those 40 minutes, but it may make you think twice about the ticket price.
Island of Lemurs: Madagascar is only 40 minutes long, so there isn't a ton of depth; the movie is a nice overview, at best. But it's a fun overview for the whole family - one that may inspire you to learn more.
The photography is vibrant, the lemurs adorable, and aside from some mild eco-lecturing, the tone is warm and fuzzy.
All interesting enough stuff set to some amazing images but it does become a little worthy and dull when it comes to celebrating Dr Patricia Wright and her efforts to ensure the survival of the species.
It may share a narrator with March Of The Penguins but this short doc is happily more sturdily scientific.
The gorgeous 3D certainly brings us nose to tail with these heavily anthropomorphised cuties, even if the actual wildlife lesson's a bit thin on the ground, owing to a very reduced running time.
Saving The Lemurs
It's the human element in Island of Lemurs: Madagascar that disappoints.
The animated lemurs make kids laugh in Madagascar, but the real-life ones in Island of Lemurs: Madagascar should enthrall and inspire even the youngest.
Apart from one element it's a thoroughly likable, though hardly overwhelming, travelogue.
No Disney anthropomorphizing, just exotic Madagascar and adorable lemurs in IMAX 3D. Gorgeous
We get a feast for the eyes and the ears, if not the mind.
The film is an equally fun and sobering look at the lives of these animals, along with the evolving efforts to try and save this distant cousin of humans.
The cinematography is spectacular, the soundtrack is decent (if relentlessly upbeat) and your little monkeys will most likely leave the cinema infused with a lust for nature.
Enchanting and educational, delivering its ecological message about conservation in a most delightful way.
Island of Lemurs Madagascar is a terrific IMAX 3D look at these primates, categorized as the world's most endangered mammals.
It's challenging to enjoy this rushed and incomplete film purely for what it is rather than fault it for what it could have been. It feels like an elementary-school field trip rather than a film ready for nationwide IMAX distribution.
...Island of Lemurs: Madagascar, on a purely visual level, is one of the more amazing things you're likely to see in a theater this year.
While Island of Lemurs: Madagascar occasionally rises to the beauty of its subject, it's hard to ignore the fact that it is an oversimplified look at a complex problem.
What results is a lopsided, put-upon narrative of survival where humans, and not the animals themselves, are the ones celebrated.
This brief but highly fascinating and informative film enlightens us regarding the world of these odd-looking but loveable creatures.
Jeanne was particularly taken with the fact that females dominate the males, making all the key decisions in their island exploration. She could hardly contain her glee at our screening.
Nature docu explores fascinating world & history of lemurs.
I'd suggest you "move it, move it" to the theater and catch this entertaining and enlightening film. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
"Island of Lemurs: Madagascar" accomplishes a great deal in its 40-minute running time, entertaining and educating us while delivering a message about preservation that's clear without being heavy-handed.
Lovingly captures lemurs in the wild, while clearly displaying how humans have become a part of this environment for better or worse.
No matter which variety the film is spotlighting, they have a power to fascinate.
The technology impressively embraces the audience, putting us in the middle of the rain forest, face to face with curious, beady eyes.
Even at a meager 40 minutes, the film feels padded.
This 3-D IMAX documentary puts its best paw forward with a funny and exuberant title sequence, followed by 40 minutes of phenomenal footage of lemurs in their native habitat of Madagascar.
If you don't already love lemurs, you will after taking this brief but illuminating tour of the exotic primate's island home off the African coast.
This Morgan Freeman-narrated documentary doesn't stray much from the nature-doc formula of making its stars look frisky and winsome while sprinkling in a few info-nuggets about the critters (they're older than dinosaurs!). And that's just fine.
I'm thinking a better title for this pedestrian doc might be Born to Be Mild.
Island of Lemurs gives out just enough information to justify school trips, but not enough to merit return visits.
Part sumptuous IMAX documentary, part fervent but dull conservationist pitch, Island Of Lemurs seems destined instead for an obscurity all too familiar to nature films not released by Disneynature.
A serviceable Imax 3D nature documentary that duly meets the requirements of the form: majestic and intimate outdoor imagery, a grave yet reassuring lesson on the importance of wildlife preservation, and a short-and-sweet 40-minute running time.

@highlight

Brief enough for the youngest viewers yet informative and visually spectacular enough for all ages, Island of Lemurs: Madagascar is educational entertainment for the whole family.