Lurid and stylish, this 2008 Danish feature plays like a cross between The Postman Always Rings Twice and High Noon, with a dash of Gothic thriller.
"Terribly Happy" is a little light on the plotting, going on narrative autopilot for the last third of the film instead of giving us a few extra turns of the screw for good measure.
Not quite a comedy but as darkly comic a crime drama as you'll find, this offbeat modern noir... is a weirdly compelling portrait of a town that has its own sense of justice...
The setting is stark and simple - a semi-deserted, two-street town amid long, flat marshland - but Director Henrik Ruben Genz infuses it all with a dark, twisted beauty.
It has been aptly compared to the Coen Brothers and films like Blood Simple (1984).
Entertaining and full of surprising twists, this highly cinematic tale of a Copenhagen policeman working punishment duty in the provinces plays with genre in a manner that can be compared with the Coen brothers or David Lynch.
A nearly surreal Scandinavian crime thriller with noirish shades of a Stockholm syndrome kicking in, this creepy delight unfolds on the border somewhere between the Nordic boondocks and the Twilight Zone.
Terribly Happy is a comedy of misdirection of the blackest hue...
Obviously, the dark nature of the story will turn off some audiences. But the film will appeal to those who love the thriller genre...
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
Terribly Happy must surely be the greatest Danish Western ever made.
With its fascinating story, perfect pacing and superbly moody camera work by cinematographer Jorgen Johansson, Terribly Happy takes you by a slow, purposeful surprise.
Ganz cooks up a compelling paranoid mood,but there's not enough to sustain the tone, and eventually the movie burns itself out.
Terribly Happy is a gripping morality tale, one that uses macabre humor and sudden reversals to show how seemingly little mistakes can become life-changing disasters.
No noirish yarn this good stays obscure long
An American remake is said to be in the works; see the original before someone lesser than Genz -- or the Coens -- gets their mitts on it.
Genz and Erling have constructed a story so clever that the pleasure of following its twists is enough in itself.
...a mystery thriller from start to finish that goes in unexpected directions and it is an enjoyable ride all the way through.
The characters are intended to be slightly stupid, but the writing isn't necessarily smarter.
Genz's amoral, sadistic black comedy recalls the Coen Brothers in Blood Simple mode; it's fascinating to watch as the hapless characters are sucked into a morass of diabolical fate and their own vice and folly.
Genz creates a distinctive look and feel in the film. The town is drab, the people wrung out, and the moments of passion are smoothed back down into the tired routine.
...has a lot in common with David Lynch's "Blue Velvet."
Moves swiftly and offers just enough creepiness and conflict to keep things interesting.
Word is that Danish director Henrik Ruben Genz is planning to remake his latest film, Terribly Happy, in English. There's not much room for improvement.
The movie is so artfully constructed that it gives you the sweats right up to the end.
It may not sound funny, but there's a bleakly comic air about the story, and a bit of surrealism, suggesting the most caustic side of the Coen brothers.
Terribly Happy, directed by Henrick Ruben Genz, is all moodiness, midnight black comedy and noir mystery.
We can spot every single plot turn coming across the tidelands from five kilometers away. Certainly someone deserves to get shot.
A taut, intriguing and refreshingly well-crafted crime thriller brimming with many clever twists and turns.
A polished, entertaining affair that spins off in unexpected directions.
Such dark doings won't be for everyone, but fans of similarly dry Nordic fare - like the works of Aki Kaurismaki - will be happy to have found it.
Based on a novel by Erling Jepsen, this offbeat drama wrings suspense and mordant wit in equal measure from a situation that spirals quickly out of control.
Genz seems to delight in keeping viewers off guard. Nothing is as it seems at first, and nothing ever plays out the way you expect.
Beneath the poker face of this wickedly entertaining film lurks an insinuating smirk on the verge of widening into a grin.
an odd and enjoyable small-town noir from Denmark
This is a smart, melancholy crime picture, which takes its cues from the title of the perverse old standard Christensen plays on her stereo at night: "You Always Hurt The One You Love."
Een the story's sudden swerve into melodrama has the nightmare reality of film noir at its best.
Cedergren is a little too bland, but that works with Hansen's air of haplessness and sets him apart from the colorful locals.
A strong crime-thriller on par with some of the films from the Coen Brothers, one that keeps you captivated with every twist and development.
Not terrible, not happy.
This is one avant-garde western (and film noir and psychodrama) that no one, Pig Bodine or otherwise, need recommend.
Finds the sweet spot in that realm of disturbing, unpredictable drama tinged with the blackest possible comedy...a deliciously dark and offbeat surprise.
It is wonderfully unhinged, and a painstakingly constructed meditation on a place where good and evil meet, mate, and make sour times sublime and, dare I say it, beautiful.
An eerie spellbinder featuring inbred folks from a small, evil, Danish town.



@highlight

Led by Henrik Ruben Ganz's assured direction, this knotty Danish noir thriller steers audiences into some nicely unexpected territory.