The trouble, basically, is that this film just doesn't know what it is about. Is it about dynasty? Imperialism? Ambition? The dark side of democracy? What? And, consequently, you are just not made to care about any of it.
Like Bush's presidency, it seems lost: it lacks direction. W. could very well stand for why?
Director Oliver Stone may be off his nut, but you have to give him credit for what he brings to the big screen.
Not only does W. fail as both drama and comedy, it's unclear which sequences are meant to be which.
Neither a smear campaign nor propaganda piece, but rather a fascinating look at one of the more controversial presidents in recent memory that may end up changing your perspective on the Bush you only thought you knew.
No matter which way your political stripes run, W. won't likely rub them the wrong way.
Brolin outdoes himself in the title role.
Stone's film is like an affectionate kick in the groin of a good old boy you'd like to have a beer with, or with W today, a near Beer.
I'm unsure who W. will really appeal to: It's a poor historical document; it's not nasty enough for people who hate Bush and too nasty for the few still supporting him.
Stone's filmmaking fails to charge the narrative with the needed turmoil
Aided by an Oscar-worthy turn from Josh Brolin, what "W." attempts is something far bolder than badgering. Instead, Oliver Stone spews a subtler invective than normal here - insightful and indicting of a country's complicity up to a point.
Uma mistura de documentário e esquete do Saturday Night Live.
It's a film with a shelf life, I think. Unlike W himself, it should mature over time.
Stone and screenwriter Stanley Weiser have little...to offer us.
An absorbing and weirdly enjoyable portrait of a slight, meritless man and his calamitous presidency.
Endeavours this even-handed and entertaining shouldn't be "misunderestimated."
An interesting post-mortem on the still warm corpse of a presidency, but not top-shelf Oliver Stone.
More character piece than the expected tragedy or parody, W. is surprisingly good fun.
Part satire, part biopic, part behind-the scenes political drama, W gets stranded in a no-man's land somewhere in between.
It's interesting, it's well done, but that's about it.
First and foremost, W. dazzles by Josh Brolin's astounding performance, but the film itself entertains and engages thoroughly from start to finish.
A movie that's like a photo album made of moving pictures, focusing on his early, untamed life, the extraordinary turnaround and finally the first term.
Rather simplistic and reductive, but something tells me Oliver Stone didn't mind it turning out that way.
The bulk of the story comes straight from things widely known about the man, and the blanks are filled in by surreal familial moments that make Barbara Bush look like Mommy Dearest and George Sr. look like a mannequin with a Quaalude addiction.
W. is the October surprise. The movie won't change anybody's ideas about the values of the last eight years. But it may make some of us think differently about their protagonist. If one expects -- or demands -- a Liberal screed against G.W. Bush, t
When [Stone] looks into Bush's eyes... he's reflecting on the long, tormented nights of many an American soul.
Love him or hate him, there's no denying that George W. Bush is a remarkably controversial figure, so how is it possible that Stone has managed to make a movie that's about as incendiary as Kung Fu Panda?
Josh Brolin develops an ingenious physical tic that encompasses the President: He talks with his mouth full, like a man who's bitten off more than he can chew.
Stone miscalculates by wanting to talk about George W. Bush just as he has become the lamest of lame ducks.
... while not the ideological lambasting many probably expected, it's nonetheless not a portrait the subject himself would find flattering.
Like the worst of Stone's movies, W. feels bloated, sloppy, and overambitious.
As Poppy Bush says, and says again,"You disappoint me, Junior."
Manages to paint Jr. as an Oedipal retard unable to shake the disapproval of Papa Bush.
Stone has made a humble, respectful, interesting movie about a man 71% of us can't wait to see the back of. Brolin is simply incredible.
Josh Brolin (No Country for Old Men) gives a brilliant performance as George W. Bush, who was so far over his head that one almost felt sorry for him at times.
Stone has crafted a biopic that has too much bite in some places and not enough in others, creating an engaging portrait of Bush that's more satisfying than the actual man's presidency but less damning than many will suggest that he deserves.
Disappointing. Stone whipped this out in time for the US Presidential election, but it's hard to see how it'll make any significant impact on voters. Or why it even should.
'W.' is neither coruscating nor edifying - but without the benefit of hindsight, it's probably the best we can hope for.
Stone's best film in years and one of the decade's great political pictures.
While W. lacks the forensic rigour of recent documentaries dealing with Bush's legacy and recent history, it's a thumpingly entertaining ride.
This movie is one big pulled punch. Dubya himself becomes a blank hole of neutrality and balance. Almost anyone else shown here would have made a more interesting subject for a biopic.
As the title character who is in almost every scene, Josh Brolin has done his homework well and offers a convincing interpretation of George W, effectively capturing his mannerisms and style of speech.
Released in the same week as the election of Barack Obama, it already has the feel of a period piece as opposed to a dynamic critique of a political force to be reckoned with.
In being non-partisan, Stone misses the chance to say anything truly pointed or pertinent; W. encroaches on TV-movie territory, with production values to match.
But is this an illuminating portrait of George W. Bush, or a searching examination of the Republican failures which led to the election of Barack Obama? It is, undeniably, not.
But the biggest problem with W. is that Stone, in an apparent effort to be even handed, seems afraid to touch on controversy and, instead, is content to give us a non-judgmental movie that says very little.
And there will be no big awards for the film or the director because ultimately W does not convincingly achieve its main aim of explaining the big question: Why did he go to war?
Oliver Stone's W - his best film since Nixon and proof that love-hate portraiture inspires him to a higher artistry than liberal polemicising.
Oliver Stone has a terrible sense of timing. This is a film that has been overtaken by events and already seems out of date.
W isn't a flawless classic but it certainly provokes thought about the rule of a president few will be sorry to see the back of.
Clearly there are many other ways of making a film about Dubya. But Stone's version should at least be respected. It may be only half the story but that half contains enough to make us think, and keep on thinking how the hell it all happened.
An enjoyable, weirdly jaunty biopic with terrific performances, but the script doesn't go far enough and Stone refuses to stick the knife in.
With World Trade Center and this film, it's clear that Oliver Stone has lost his provocative maverick sensibilities. This is a smartly assembled biopic with a powerhouse cast, but its toothless approach makes it feel a bit pointless.
Stone attempts to give Bush a gumming. Teeth? His film is an undentured and lame hint at what he really feels. What he lacks here is the killer instinct.
... a limp, lifeless story about a remarkably untalented man ...
A biased, partisan, clumsy diatribe with a particularly venomous portrayal of Condi Rice.
It's uncertain if W. was made too late or, more likely, too soon, but this movie does what everyone in George Jr.'s life has always done: Let him off easy.
W. is just as shallow, poorly conceived and biased as advertised.
Stone has accomplished something I would've thought impossible: he made me feel sorry for this miserable son of a bitch.
W breaks little new ground and cares little for historical accuracy, but it remains a must-see for anyone who has observed the ups and downs of 21st century American politics.
The readymade caricature George Bush is as much a reflection of his moment as he is an occasion for Oliver Stone's latest stab at revisionist history.
The movie is best viewed as a rushed, modest starting point to understanding how Bush got into office, why he got into office, and why he never should have gotten into office.
Brolin not only gets the cadence of Bush's Texas malaprops but also the sincerity that Bush truly believes he's doing the right thing - even when the results are devastatingly wrong.
'SNL' impersonation, Greek tragedy, Freudian father-son psychoanalysis and stranger-than-Strangelove reality form the basis of Oliver Stone's surprisingly entertaining film...
Nixon and W. are more "responsible" films than JFK, but neither has the visceral power of that dark conspiracy theory; neither comes as close to capturing a primal American impulse.
If you are a fan of George W. Bush, you're going to more fond of him than ever. If you are not a fan of George W. Bush, you're going to be surprised at how sympathatic his character appears in Oliver Stones' 'W.'
Without the benefit of historical perspective, Stone's docudrama is empathetic, if oversimplified, having been rushed to completion to hit theaters before the November election.
...a parade of Famous Actors Playing Famous People...
It reminded me of the old Smothers Brothers routine about sibling rivalary.
Works well enough as drama (and occasionally as comedy), but it's a missed opportunity to really explore some great American themes.
What Stone and his screenwriter have made is hardly a pro-Bush movie, though they have made one that is -- if not sympathetic -- at least not unsympathetic.
Bush haters will love it; Bush lovers will hate it; and those in between will be bored to death
More incendiary than people give it credit for...The fact that people see this as sympathetic is terrible, because [this] is not [all] it takes to run the free world.
It's always good, never great. Then we're suddenly forced to remember this is all (potentially) real and not just a Shakespearean play about a kid with a daddy complex.
Not enough time has expired for any of "W." to be suspenseful or educational. And a self-neutered Oliver Stone keeps it from finding any lift in controversy.
A movie which is a wacky, wild and weird look at how the past 8 or so years of American politics and policy came to be.
a muddy film that's enjoyable to watch, but really doesn't have much to say.
"W." begs for a "W.-2, the sequel" at a later time when the treatment can be far bolder in revealing the psychology, the history and the man's effect on our country.
This Stone-d Bush is a pampered village idiot prop, a Sarah Palin buffoon with whiskers. And while W doesn't seem to know how to use a condom right, he's more certain about winning wars if you 'just make sure you hit no camels on the ass.'
W. feels poorly timed: too late to have any effect on the public, most of whom long ago checked out on the President, and too early to provide more than a schematic interpretation of who he is.
Talk about beating a man when he's down in the opinion polls!
Perhaps Stone believed that the only way you can make sense of the George W. Bush debacle is by presenting it as a goof -- a Freudian cartoon. But if that's the case, he erred on the side of caution.
Oliver, um, this is way too domestic, PBS has more chutzpah! It's not a good feeling to hate a "special" child. You gave Bush - God forgive me - likeabilty. Read on ->
Surely this is the greatest satire of the American presidency ever made for film.... Surely this would be a horror story if it were true...
Conjecture, rumor, theory...that is no surprise. What will have your jaw dropping is [Oliver]Stone's even-handed, straight-ahead, almost nice treatment of [George W.]Bush.
W. resembles a postmortem rather than an accusation: not an attempt to deride Bush's failures, but instead an examination of what drives his decision-making process.
There's no way to sugarcoat this: Oliver Stone's pre-Election Day biopic of current White House resident George W. Bush is a mess. But here's the good news--W. is actually a fascinating mess.
The film lets us know the American people made a huge mistake in electing W. as the 43rd president.
Hee-Haw meets Dr. Strangelove.
(Stone) presents a timid bio-pic about a regular, shiftless guy born into wealth who somehow stumbles into the presidency of the United States.
No Bush fan myself, I was frequently moved by the spectacle of Stone's Bush, who might have been a happier and certainly less troublesome man had he not been born a Bush.
It has its moments, one of the finest at the conclusion.
The film may be ill-timed, arguably unnecessary and no more psychologically probing than any other Stone movie. But much of it works as deft, brisk, slyly engaging docudrama.
If Stone's portrait of George Bush is laid on with a trowel, maybe it's because God seems to have engineered the real Bush's life with a similarly crude sense of irony.
Stone's meticulous reenactment of the public and private Bush seizes control of the grand narrative from the president and his expert magicians.
Perhaps there is a factory near Shanghai doing an express run of Dick Cheney masks in time for Halloween.
It's not quite right to call W. a wasted opportunity: that would suggest that the idea of a biopic of the sitting president had some value in the first place.
Tepid telling of 43rd president's rise to power.
Oliver Stone's take on Bush could be spot-on, or it could just be armchair analysis. All I know is that I was heavily involved in his vision. This is great, ambitious filmmaking from a director who is not afraid to delve inside his subjects.
This may be the most overdetermined psychological profile since Hitchcock wound up Norman Bates and let him go.
While there are a few jabs taken at Bush throughout the 110 minutes of running time, W. actually makes you empathize with everything our commander in chief has gone through over the decades: the good, the bad and even the ugly.
By his own admission, George W. Bush has his faults, so it seems almost fitting that W. should have them, too.
with so many famous people playing famous people to varying degrees of quality, it seems like a weak Saturday Night Live sketch without the jokes
Nothing wrong with a little caricature, as it's what keeps the movie entertaining. But some day I'd like to see a movie on this topic that really tries to get to the truth as well.
Funny, compelling, enlightening and more than a little unnerving. Josh Brolin leaps into the Best Actor Oscar race.
W.'s issue isn't its political statements; it's that there isn't a satisfactory film there to back them up.
Equal parts comedy (inevitably only-in-America satire) and Oedipal psycho-drama...[from] the bard of American political cinema.
Josh Brolin is phenomenal. He does more than just impersonate W, he embodies him, totally getting lost in the character.
I was hoping for a Young Mr. W. treatment.
Give W. a W for "wonderful," B for "balance," and A for excellence in those things that add up to terrific filmed entertainment. Brolin's Dubya, Stone's direction, and Weiser's script nail it, with invaluable support from others both above and below-the-l
When historians do assess Bush's presidency, they probably won't consult a film offering more cheap jabs than insight.
W. is a scattershot attempt at stylized portraiture that plays like a half-baked editorial cartoon.
In spite of Josh Brolin's heroic efforts, W. is a skin-deep biopic that revels in its antic shallowness.
Although clearly not the definitive biography of Bush, W. is absorbing and amusing to ruminate over.
The letter W doesn't stand for 'Walker' in Oliver Stone's film about our current president; it stands for 'Why?'
The whole thing played like potatoes without the meat, syrup without the pancake, and for the majority of the running time I was interested without ever being awed.
Ultimately W. feels flat, despite the good work of the cast.
It leaves us with a sense that it has nailed the man and the spirit of those around him and defined the New Millennium tragedy of America in a succinct and dramatic way.
In the end, W. makes up in immediacy what it lacks in objectivity.
Whatever you think of Dubya, he has balls. The movie doesn't.
W. does for recent history what Oliver Stone's epic Alexander did for ancient times.
Had Stone realized he was making Dr. Strangelove, W. might have been an absurdist hoot, but that would require the sort of dramatic choice he stubbornly resists making.
It's Stone's faith in himself that's the stumbling block here, first convinced he has something new to contribute to the already exhaustive Bush-analysis business, and then rushing to get the film out in theaters before the election.
More of a hastily executed charcoal sketch than a portrait, Oliver Stone's W. is nonetheless an often compelling, tragicomic psychological analysis of Dubya, viewed through the prism of his relationship with an allegedly disapproving father.
In the midst of these tumultuous times, in the midst of this tumultuous election, Stone has delivered his most tepid film.
W. is not the hatchet job some may have expected (or hoped for). It is instead a measured and thoughtful meditation on a leader who, this terrific movie believes, inadvertently made the world as roiling as his soul.
Timid, toothless and tepid, this episodic comedy-drama suffers from the one shortcoming I never thought I'd encounter in Stone's work -- failure of nerve.
W. humanizes Bush in ways that will baffle critics of both the president and the filmmaker.
It's certainly a worthwhile curiosity, and it's not what anyone expected. At the movies these days, that alone is worth something.
Perhaps the crucial reason W. succeeds as much as it does is the surprisingly empathetic work of Josh Brolin.
The psychological picture the movie paints is as yawningly incomplete as its historical one -- and can be yawningly tedious, too.
W.'s main shortcoming is its wishy-washiness. It lacks a real point of view (unusual for a Stone effort), and as a result there's little in the way of genuine drama.
What's interesting is that a very watchable movie comes out of all this.
Instead of satire, W. works best as a filmmaking allegory. That going into a production unprepared is a lot like doing so with military conflict. The execution was off before the first camera started rolling.
Whatever your political bent, we can all come together as Americans and agree on one thing: The movie just isn't very good.
As a film, it simply attempts too much, consequently accomplishing little.
Despite a talented cast that includes James Cromwell as George H.W. Bush, a.k.a. 'Poppy', and Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell, W. achieves the depth of a TV miniseries.
Rather than throwing gas on the fire, the in-the-moment, history-as-it's-happening framing of W. throws a bucket of water on the experience. This movie doesn't explode; it fizzles.
This is a familiar and facile take on the president, attributing the Iraq war to his oedipal problems with H.W. and treating him alternately as an object of fun or pity.
You'll be disappointed if you expect famed leftist Oliver Stone to apply a coup de grace to this man. Stone is more interested in examining the conditions that put Bush where he is now and made him the political animal he is.
W. does something most journalism and even documentaries can't or won't do: it reminds us what a long, strange trip it's been to the Bush White House.
In an election season where personal faults are turned into salacious attack ads, it's reassuring to see that the typically salacious Stone is willing to exercise some restraint.
Leaving the theater, you may have the sudden sense that, really, it is too early for this movie to have been made, as sharp and as complicated as some of its pieces are.
W. is an engaging and sometimes revealing watch. At the very least, it's a change from the mindless Bush-bashing that has become so tedious.
Although Stone has gone out of his way to say that he has treated Bush as a figure to be understood, not simply pilloried, the movie plays like a dunk-the-clown game at a carnival.
Stone ... does little more than place a sitting president on a pedestal of lampoon with a poor choice of timing, less than three weeks before a presidential election.
We're awfully close to the real events in W., still feeling the effects of this presidency. ... So the concentration on personality flaws feels a little off-point somehow — insufficient, almost frivolous.
Perhaps it's appropriate that a movie about a man who saw the world in black and white - the world was with him or against him - ended up with so many good and bad qualities itself.
Little dramatic flare and few insights into politics or the Presidency.
Albeit ambitious in its fairness to the man at times and centered by an award-worthy performance by Josh Brolin, there's an irony that Stone's rush to judgement prevented him from creating a film with a more lasting legacy.
By the end of W., you respect, root for and empathize with Bush. No small feat, considering the source.
Maybe it is just too soon, maybe we are just too used to the satire of "Saturday Night Live" maybe it's the kaleidoscopic structure, but this movie feels like a rough draft.
W. is definitely a sloppy film with a ton of problems but you can't deny how interesting it is to learn about his life and the acting was superb.
Oliver Stone's biggest problems with W. might be the desire to avoid controversy and an inability to find the right tone.
After eight years of daily hyper-analysis by the 24-hour media, compounded by the endless chewing and regurgitation of yesterday's news by bloggers, I'd have been shocked if Stone had come up with anything original.
W. offers a failed mix of political satire, psycho-biography, SNL-style mimicry, and Shakespearean tragedy.
Unsure where to aim or what to hit, Stone appears flummoxed, even flaccid, content to holster his own opinions and recycle others, mainly the tried-but-tepid notion that, hey, Junior has a Daddy complex.
Whatever your political beliefs, you won't find anything unexpected in W.
A bold, thought-provoking and utterly fascinating character study that reveals the kinder, gentler side of a man previously defined by his disastrous policies and bumbling malapropisms. One of the year's best.
While it isn't a masterpiece, it's certainly better than most people expected.
W. may not deliver the answers to the many questions the current administration stirs, but it's so much fun following along Bush's bell curve that we can't help but enjoy the downward spiral.
A sympathetic portrait? That may be an exaggeration. But its a much more complex one than you might expect.
Even though I like it enough to recommend it, I can't shake the nagging sense that it could have been so much better.
Some of the best moments occur in fantasy and/or dream sequences in which Bush faces his darkest fears, and Stone gets across his most secret theories.
...an ambitious failure that'll most likely please political junkies, with the remainder of viewers sure to be left frustrated by Stone's increasingly uneven modus operandi.
Of all the depictions, Brolin, Cromwell, Jones and Wright come off best without being impressionist comic characters. Best of all is Dreyfuss' Cheney. The sneer, the shifty eyes, and the demeanor are dead on.
An Oliver Stone film often takes a few years to ripen, and it will be interesting to see how this biopic plays a decade or so down the road.
There's plenty of fodder out there for a whole series of films on George W Bush's life, but Stone's W plays around at the edge of the story too much.
Stone may not lead the charge against George W. Bush as viciously as he might have. But he doesn't misunderestimate him, either.
Now is the time to make a statement -- reflecting on the failures of the current administration and projecting our hopes for the next. Oliver Stone's W. is not that statement.
'W.' never quite reaches its presidential potential.
It is pretty talk-heavy, and a couple of performances are embarrassingly bad.
Is W. a serious drama, or a nightmare comedy of power, privilege and parental friction played out on the global stage?
Oliver Stone stirs up a new emotion: Nostalgia. Oh, the halcyon days of 2003!
Josh Brolin does an often uncanny interpretation of George W., but in the end the man seems as deep as a bowl of peanuts. If that's really all there is it's scarier than I thought.
W. might have had some impact had it been made four years ago. But it's both too late and too early for a movie about our sitting president.
Total and utter kitten play; a softball portrait of Bush that resembles more of a nutty community theater production than a typical scorching Stone project.
The good news is that W. isn't bad at all. In fact, it is a decidedly evenhanded depiction of the President. The problem, then, is that it is rushed, choppy and lacks an ending.
Excellent performances by Brolin, Cromwell and others get lost within a generally dull piece of political fantasy fiction trying to sell itself as an entertaining biopic.
Since we're dealing with Oliver Stone, a point worth making once is worth making a hundred times, in 100-point boldface type, until not even the dimmest bulb in the audience can possibly miss it.
The Oliver Stone of the 1990s might have found something epic in the strange saga of George W. Bush, but he undoubtedly would not have made W., the contemporary Stone's incomplete rush-job of a portrait of our embattled 43rd president.
Never approaches the sometimes-hilarious horror of real life.
Stone's latest head-first dive into the deep end of the American political pool is a tale of two movies. The first is a story that was dying to be told; the second, one that's been told to death.
Oliver Stone's W., a biography of President Bush, is fascinating. No other word for it.
Oliver Stone doesn't do comedy, intentionally. But perhaps he should: The half-baked, hayseed Hamlet he's created in W. feels alive only when it ventures into the comically absurd.
It doesn't stand with Stone's acknowledged masterpieces. The history is too fresh and under-digested. But W. does show a master filmmaker plunging into the history and politics that have been his passion for much of his career.
Whatever you want W. to be, you'll almost certainly be disappointed.
Neither satire nor drama but a sort of stream-of-consciousness rumination on Bush past and present, Stone's film is little better than a stunt, and a fairly toothless one at that.
As a brief overview of the personal and political experiences of a man whose actions will effect America for generations to come W. is a drop in the bucket. But it's at least a drop that can be tasted a spit out.
...humanizes, though never legitimizes, our 43rd president.
If history remembers W. at all, it'll be as a monument to the erosion of Oliver Stone's balls.
This is no lampoon, but rather a tragedy with the trappings of farce.
Even though Stone can't resist the occasional lapse into cartoonishness, W. winds up being a thought-provoking examination of a crucial turning point in American history.
There's much to admire in this pop-psychoanalysis of our 43rd president, but the cinematic couchwork does not tell us why he became so politically conservative.
Brilliant, engrossing, and terrifying. Brolin is a revelation.
A convoluted but compelling psychoanalysis of George W. Bush's silver-spoon arrogance and deep-seated insecurities.
W. is neither as shocking or vilifying as you may be expecting, but it is entertaining.
By opposing the mob mentality that would hang Bush in effigy, W. imaginatively sympathizes with the most maligned president in modern history.
The moments Stone and Weiser select to sketch Bush's character are more of a jumble than a natural progression.
An entertaining film that transcends biopic (for its own good) and offers a Texas-sized parable about politics.
Stone searched for an inner life within a public figure who's only scrutinized in opinionated sound-bite punditry; endeavors this even-handed and entertaining shouldn't be misunderestimated.
Brolin's so good, he almost makes us feel sorry for Bush. Almost.
I recommend it to everyone, but I am afraid it will end up as a seedless sermon for the already converted to Bushophobia.f
Coming off last year's Oscar winning "No Country for Old Men," Brolin continues his rise to "A" list status with his work here.
Despite being rushed so it could be released before the election, and even with all of its faults and problems, W. remains a very good movie, and is often funny and surprisingly sympathetic.
Too little, too late: Brolin's impersonation of Bush is solid in Stone's quite entertaining melodrama, but as biopic, it's partial, conventional and imbued with blatant Freudian psychology that sees his life entirely as a series of father-son conflicts.
Oliver Stone has an uncanny knack of making movies which are better appreciated many years after they are made, and W feels like it will be one of them.
What's most interesting about W. is that the bits cut from whole cloth are those that offer the film's titular "protagonist" the benefit of the doubt.
The film is unable to achieve any aims higher than as a sort of engaging pop-history pageant and amateur, if not inapt, psychological evaluation, due to the unavoidable lack of perspective and a final act that has yet to be written.
It deserves a fair hearing by U.S. audiences, for Stone goes out of his way to give Bush a fair hearing.









@highlight

A surprisingly sympathetic portrayal of the 43rd American president, W. is fascinating in spots, but merely rudimentary as a whole.