Leaving the actors aside, however, the real problem with the film is the way it is shot.
The biggest takeaway from Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Long though is that Joe Alwyn, a British actor capable of astonishingly nailing a heavy southern drawl accent, just became a star in his debut performance
This one's effective in portions, but falls short of holding your undivided attention.
For a movie that wants to be about the hidden wounds of war, Billy Lynn is long walk into a cold and disaffected room.
The degree of realism is going to terrify actors, although it's interesting to see the likes of Steve Martin, Vin Diesel and a particularly impressive Garrett Hedlund all rising to the occasion.
Billy is so cliched as to be a photocopy.
A heavy-handed but accurate social satire on the Iraq War and America's nauseating attempt to package it as a necessary war back home.
Never mind the technical innovations, Stewart and the affecting newcomer Alwyn are the two main reasons why Billy Lynn deserves our votes this week.
A movie that explores, nearly as well as The Best Years of Our Lives, the gap that divides actual warriors from those who merely wave flags in their honor.
An interesting film that tries to show the plasticity that exists between powerful people but can be a bit confusing and feels a bit overacted when it tries to make that critic. [Full review in Spanish]
Billy Lynn's Halftime Walk is a film that never really seems to find its footing; despite high promise of a smarter, sharper, and much sadder film.
An absurdly over-scaled and wildly implausible drama that misses the mark so often that most people will likely come out of it... befuddled as they desperately try to understand what the point of the whole endeavor was in the first place.
A very irregular and minor filme in the work of Ang Lee, which, however, deserves to be applauded for the courage with which criticizes the excessive American patriotism. [Full review in Spanish]
Billy Lynn just looks cheap.
The story, about a young soldier who is torn between leaving the army and loyalty to his brothers at arms, is affecting and well acted ...
A film that's as clunky as its title.
It's not odd like Attack of the 500-Foot Lobster. It's odd in fashions you wouldn't expect from one of our era's cleverest and most versatile filmmakers.
The film has neither topical immediacy nor any real historical perspective and, burdened with pedantic and predictable flashbacks, it finally leads nowhere interesting at all.
Offers food for thought, but it is made unpalatable by Lee's decision to shoot his film with what's known as a high-frame rate, imbuing it with the artificial sheen of a promotional video.
Like Billy, this portrait is flawed yet noble and sensitive.
The visuals take a while to get used but soon emerge as sharp and clean as the film's thoughtful political message.
Well intentioned but underwhelming.
Ideally, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk shouldn't play like a demo reel for new technology Ang Lee wishes to unveil. Unfortunately, it does.
A unique, hyper-real whatsit that should be seen the way it was shot.
Ang Lee will try anything. In Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk that unfortunately includes our patience.
It's hard to imagine how Lee followed the ineffably cinematic Life of Pi with a film that has the feeling of a TV drama - in no way helped by the jarring use of 120 frames per second, which cheapens the production value significantly.
Oscar-winning director Ang Lee's latest film aims to shine a light on the hypocrisy faced by returning war veterans in America, but it falters in tone and emotional impact.
The film is very good at capturing the camaraderie of the soldiers -- and the sometimes desperate way in which they rely on one another.
A flawed work held together by Alwyn's tender presence.
Its war-is-hell platitudes are as unconvincing as the Destiny's Child lookalikes its protagonists find themselves supporting.
It's a genuinely experimental film, intermittently successful despite a punishing lack of depth in the characterisations.
A tragicomedy, between illness and parody, far from the overwhelming effect that Ang Lee is seeking. [Full review in Spanish]
A comical and terrifying satire of the American way of life, which indicates that stories about returning from war may be entering a new dimension thanks to new technologies. [Full review in Spanish]
A vitriolic film in which the director manages to create a very comforting intimacy. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not a great movie but it didn't deserve more negative than positive reviews and to fail at the box office as it did. [Full review in Spanish]
The over-the-top tone invoked here doesn't come naturally and the spectacle and excess of professional sports - and the behind-the-scenes access - lacks an exaggerated visual sense.
Award-winning director Ang Lee assembles a collection of effective scenes in this serious effort, but it also several moments that don't really work; in the end, it doesn't seem to add up to much.
I salute Ang Lee for making the best film of his career.
Neither exciting nor entertaining, [Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk] is recommended for Ang Lee completists only.
On the whole, it's a worthwhile film, often sage, sometimes sweet, and you'd have to be half-way drunk to consider it a dumb flag-waver, though that's how it looks in the previews.
A rare dud from two-time Oscar-winning director Ang Lee, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk marches in formation but stirs little awe.
Director Ang Lee returns with an earthy, timely contemplation about the war in Iraq, homeland apathy, virgin soldiers, heroism and first love. It's a wart-ridden drama with moments of piercing honesty that strike at the heart of a conflicted America.
Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk ultimately commits the greatest crime a war film can. It tells you how to feel.
Turns spectacle into a contemplation piece.
As someone with a deep love for Ang Lee... I felt like weeping for this techno-turn which has so distracted this great humanist storyteller from his chief skill set.
It's all as well-mounted and temperate as you would expect from Lee, but I can't fathom why he thought this material was worth his time, as all the fuss adds up to war bad, soldiers good.
Lee and screenwriter Jean-Christophe Castelli are faithful to Fountain's novel.
The audience leaves Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk on the same bearing as its characters: bemused, perhaps, but happy to have their company.
A rare, but pronounced disappointment from director Ang Lee.
It's an oddly satirical piece, casting a gentle side-eye at capitalism and the corporate war machine even as it hedges its bets with Lee's trademark dramatic pathos.
We should never limit visionary directors, but ambition and technical achievement alone don't make a film. The thing has to be watchable too.
...a wide-canvas drama literally bulging at the seams with big ideas...
Unfortunately, the biggest accomplishment of Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk is to draw attention to the Ben Fountain novel that it's based on.
Dreadfully miscalculated
Usually insightful Ang Lee fumbles on this one - with shallow dialogue, inconsistent satire and stilted pacing.
There are lots of shots of Billy's anguished face, yet his budding PTSD and overall disillusionment are never developed.
An affecting and meticulously made film that provides much food for thought about life, war and the world in which we live
The numerous cast members, especially those on team Bravo, are not all given the chance to become three-dimensional characters.
Lee's use of High Frame Rate technology becomes a literal window into Billy Lynn's head. We're not supposed to feel comfortable.
There is much to like in the individual performances... and much to regret in a heavy-handed, message-laden screenplay and curious visual choices by Lee.
It pains me to say this ... but director Ang Lee's technologically experimental ode to U.S. servicemen and women does disservice to the story and the form.
Take a walk with Billy and Academy Award winning director Ang Lee and see the horrors of war and the emptiness of canned spectacle.
Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk is a well-intentioned misfire that cannot live up to its higher aspirations.
This film struggles to translate Fountain's novel into something with its own strong point of view.
...a decidedly thin premise that's employed to watchable yet far-from-spectacular effect by director Ang Lee...
It's all a giant cacophony of artifice masquerading as something important and meaningful.
I sensed I was missing part of the experience. A big part.
It's too bad few people will actually experience "Long Halftime Walk" in its native format. Stripped of gimmicks, and the movie is substantially dulled, exposing a feeble story at the heart of all the technical wizardry.
Lee wants us to experience what it's like to be Billy. But he never makes us feel it.
...feels like a peculiar and singularly uninvolving documentary in which a series of bizarre events ... are re-enacted but without any point to the exercise.
It's all as misguided as the special filming process utilized by director Ang Lee who shot this at 120 frames per second which most audiences will never get to see.
[Lurches] from a grim family drama cursorily observed to a big and broad satire of the United States in the early 2000s before descending into the very kind of sentimental militarism it has parodied.
Everything feels stilted and strangely flat.
The momentary flashes of authenticity can't save the film from its disingenuous slushiness
The film's criticism is not leveled against the war, but against the people who would deny the true nature of combat for their own ends.
Ang Lee's heart may be in the right place with his Iraq War thumb-sucker Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk, but his head is somewhere in the clouds.
I hope that enough viewers see this film in its intended format to gain from its revelations.
Beyond a few shining moments, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk is a bit of a trudge.
For a movie about the aftershocks of battle, Billy Lynn feels curiously tranquil.
An interesting story buoyed by good acting that feels - and this is a lazy word but the appropriate one - weird.
This halftime walk is more like a long slog.
Fails to achieve the balance of sharp satire and dramatic heft that Lee was aiming for.
The movie doesn't really work. The script is all too faithful to Fountain's florid brand of not-quite-human poetry. The thesis lines thud into place.
Lee might be a pioneer, but what good is that when he leaves his story behind?
Ang Lee's unprecedented use of digital technology makes for a hyperreal immersion into the mind of a traumatized soldier.
A gifted director ruining a good book by literalizing what a writer made us visualize for ourselves.
[Suffers from an] uneven tone, inelegant editing, and scattered narrative.
Wisely, Lee anchors his movie with the appealing Alwyn, whose accessibility humanizes this war story loaded with one-dimensional characters.
Director Ang Lee has taken the very internal novel by Dallas author Ben Fountain - a work that tries to get into the head of an Iraq War soldier -- and opened it up into a surprisingly effective meditation on a soldier's homefront experience.
Overheated, existential melodrama or cool, sharp-edged satire? Despite his genius as a filmmaker, Lee simply can't give us both at the same time.
The acting and script are so strong that the picture is an outstanding achievement even in the 2D version that most people will see.
Does it work as an ordinary movie? Not really. But I'm not sure it'll work in HFR either.
Without 3D, "Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk" feels like a neutered movie: Watching it, you're constantly wondering what it would have looked like the way Lee intended.
Taking place mostly over the course of a single day, it's a smart and languorous film that finds time to luxuriate in conversations and to create a feeling for small-town American life.
Visually, the picture gives us almost no room to breathe, which leaves us only a few tight corners in which to feel.
Ang Lee's latest is the year's most disappointing film and it isn't just the annoyingly unnecessary 120 frame 4K 3D technology, but just a plain lousy script.
It gets the little things wrong - and that matters - but the broad outlines right.
The film certainly is technically impressive, sharp as a diamond, but its story, adapted by Jean-Christophe Castelli from Ben Fountain's book, is oddly flat, only a few characters really coming to life.
By the end of the film, rather than settling into the variation in the medium and forgetting about it, Lee has only managed to make us hyper-aware of the artificiality of the entire movie-making process.
Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk will be remembered as a conversation starter for 120FPS 4k technology, but there's still plenty of time before it's perfected.
It is an oddity, one full of stiff acting, jarring camera shots, and a story that remains unsold.
[It's] a spectacular mess - thoroughly uneven in its plotting, filled with character touches that aggressively strain credulity and performances that sacrifice naturalism and authenticity in favor of an abiding artifice.
The best parts of Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk aren't the battles or the spectacles or even the groundbreaking technology. It's the easy camaraderie between the soldiers, led with a gruff, dry humor by standout Garrett Hedlund
The specifics of the story are lost amidst the clumsy back-and-forthing between the past and the present, the sluggish pace, and the timidity with which Lee and writer Jean-Christophe Castelli approach potentially incendiary material.
What the film captures so well -- if imperfectly -- is the tumult inside Billy.
In the climactic scene, as stadium fireworks spark graphic battlefield memories in our hero's mind, Lee's experimental film is positively transportive. Movies always induce something like a dream state...the effect here is more like a hallucination.
I suspect that whatever virtues the film possesses -- and it does, in flashes, convey the uneasy confluence of jingoism and authentic patriotism -- will come through more clearly in 2-D, without all the hype.
The contrast between this grisly reality and the way it's framed as jingoistic spectacle makes a satiric point that's a bit too obvious to be effective.
Scores on the all-important war, home and entertainment fronts, while garnering extra points for the new technology involved.
Did Lee purposely create a cacophony of tones and a visually disorienting aesthetic that knocks moviegoers out of their complacent suspension of disbelief?
Ang Lee's technical artistry is indisputable, but his experiment with visual hyperclarity comes off as artificial when we most need it to be natural, organic and whisper-close.
Being a war hero isn't enough. The power of celebrity Trumps everything. Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk: Made in America. By an immigrant.
Too many ... dramatic scenes ... resemble staged debates between clashing value systems thinly disguised as characters.
Dramatically inert, satirically inept and thematically insufferable, "Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk" is the most disappointing film of the year.
"Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk" casts a hard, mournful gaze at the indignities that its soldiers are made to suffer, from the lingering after-effects of PTSD to the self-serving pageantry that awaits them back home.
Ang Lee's film doesn't entirely work, but part of what's wrong with it is ultimately what makes it succeed. Lee's experiment in high-frame-rate cinema is arresting even when the film's story isn't.
The weirdest and rarest misfire in Lee's illustrious career.
A tremendous show of the human spirit, that uses technical magic to heighten its reality and put us in the middle of the action. The end result is nothing short of impressive.
Saddled with an inconsistent plot, maudlin melodrama and surprising cynicism about the heroism of young soldiers coming home from war.
Based on this one performance, Alwyn appears to have the emotional resources to scale even greater acting heights in the future. Whether the same will be the case for high-frame-rate cinema remains to be, literally, seen.
You may be surprised at how sweet this movie is and also, in retrospect, startled by how bleak its vision turns out to be.
This is an uncharacteristically unsubtle work from Lee-yet in the end, it's not ineffective.
The film isn't perfect, and certainly not Lee's strongest... But there's also a looking-down-at-your-own-life quality to the entire experiment.
While Billy Lynn does not quite come together compellingly, you cannot fault Lee for having an ambitious vision and trying his darnedest to realise it.
This strategy is wrong at every level. It renders the images nauseating, it constantly rejects you emotionally from the performances, and it's showy and distracting. Worst, it turns the real issue of post-traumatic stress into a technological gimmick.
Ironically for a movie boasting a brand new look, "Billy Lynn" is better to think about than to watch.
Every person who puts on the special glasses will be able to see that expensive effects can't cover for clunky dialogue and a story more tired than a college student with mono.
Jean-Christophe Castelli's screenplay feels stilted and contrived, desperate to check off as many political points as possible, but without earning them dramatically.
"Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk" goes nowhere.
[Lee] has a new palette at his disposal and uses it with intellectual rigor, changing the look of the film to accommodate the emotions he's after in ways far more dramatic than were possible in the past.
Observing these actors' faces, even at rest, is like watching the surface of a lake, noticing it ripple with a breeze.
While there's much to admire in this technical push, it's only affecting in fits.
It's a war story that should be felt, but instead tells you how to feel.
It does astounding work animating the mind of its young soldier, but it runs into technical difficulties whenever it tries to grasp the bigger picture.
The demand for the awe that Ang Lee besets upon himself is the film's greatest crime. He focuses too much on building the medium and completely abandons the things that have made him such a prolific director in the first place.
Even if it feels a little too muddled and busy in its execution, there's enough here to inspire a more thoughtful and educated approach to telling a soldier's story.
If there's nothing else to be gained from Lee's latest, at least it confirms his amazing instinct for finding talent.
It's a curious, often lifeless film that has something to say and at times, almost makes a point or two, but too often it meanders awkwardly and Lee's decision to shoot it in this way only serves to show up the inadequacies even more.
It's a radiant debut for young newcomer Joe Alwyn, who plays a Texan war hero uneasy in his own land. It's a shakier curtain-raising for Lee's ambitious weaponising of new technologies.
An absorbing character study, even if it's ultimately not one that justifies its much-vaunted technological advances.
The film isn't simply a technological experiment; it's also a highly original, heartfelt, and engrossing story. And part of the power of it lies in the way that those two things are connected.
Lee's intimate visual style brings us closer to the rawness of his characters, but the realistic look exposes the artifice of filmmaking. Watching Billy Lynn feels like watching actors making a movie.
The grain-free, cold surfaces on-screen are so crystal clear and glossy that they routinely give the viewers, who desperately try to form an emotional bond with the story, a cold shower throughout the film's nearly 2-hr running time.
Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk is problematic beyond the fact that the visuals look both crisp and fake; the story itself is too telegraphed, on the nose and rushed.
PTSD 3D drama with the motion smoothing feature still on.
The more realistic everything looked, the faker everything became. I'm glad Ang Lee tried, but I hope he decides against this in the future.
This film is structured so that the scenes where Billy and his fellow soldiers stand behind Destiny's Child at the halftime show feel far more nerve-wracking than the unconvincing war scenes, and this deliberate imbalance never pays off dramatically.
Despite its technological wizardry and fancy title, "Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk" is a contained drama about one introverted man struggling with repressed emotions.

@highlight

Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk has noble goals, but lacks a strong enough screenplay to achieve them -- and its visual innovations are often merely distracting.