An unpleasant horror thriller about revolting thrill-seeking tourists in Brazil.
Under its glossy exterior and claims to be an extreme version, this is a generic and surprisingly tame horror offering.
Paradise Lost is an undemanding thriller with little in the way of invention and not much going on other than some impressive scenery and a few sweet racks.
Turistas is a beautifully shot tale of tropical terror that starts building an ominous vibe early on, but never really turns into a full-fledged gross-out like Hostel. Except for that one part.
With a plot Frankensteined from the remains of "Hostel", "The Descent" and "Wolf Creek", "Turistas" was clearly never going to be on anyone's 10 best list.
Brazil's tourist industry gets a bad rap in this horror-lite shocker that might just leave you rooting for the bad guy.
contains itself in insufferable artificiality
It's a film that's more likely to leave you confused and angry than frightened or inspired that something positive is happening in the horror genre.
Merece ser ignorado por ser péssimo, não por ser uma "visão preconceituosa" do Brasil.
TURISTAS seemed to have a fascinating, cautionary premise,but in execution, the movie turned out to be messy and decidedly unmemorable.
Don't stay home out of fear of imagined atrocities in another country. Stay home from this movie instead.
...brutally effective -- with an accent on the "brute."
As conflicted as the U.S. psyche: The movie locates the ghastly fates of its victims in the history of American arrogance, yet tells us to never trust a foreigner, even when she's in a bikini.
Don't bother to buy popcorn, the sight of Josh Duhamel's abs and Melissa George's breasts should tide you over until Beau Garrett's pancreas and kidneys show up.
If the filmmakers were trying to scare American kids into cultural isolationism, this would be a pretty good piece of propaganda for the cause.
This is strictly 'Teenagers as Meat on the Hoof 101' stuff -- only more idiotic than usual.
The fact that films like this are being made, and happily consumed by eager crowds, should be disturbing to anyone with a modicum of awareness.
The only real message is that people who are nice to you in Brazil will end up either cutting you to bits, or introducing you to friends who will.
This is just a predictable slice of slasher porn set in an exotic locale.
All Turistas does for Brazil is insult it.
It's part Hostel, part The Harvest, part The Cave, and all bad.
Touted as the first American production to be shot entirely in Brazil, Turistas may well be the last, if the country cares at all about its image.
In any language the dark Turistas is not too bright.
You may just want to unpack that suitcase after seeing Turistas, a shocking and genuinely terrifying trip into the jungles of Brazil even if it is low-budget and sometimes cheesy to it's core.
Turistas" eventually succumbs to the one unforgivable sin in a horror movie: It's dull.
[Director] Stockwell delivers too little of the dread and titillation this genre prescribes.
Turistas demonstrates explicitly what you already know because you've seen Hostel: tourists, especially American tourists, are the new girls in horror movies.
This disappointing, worst-case-scenario thriller tips its hand entirely too early before heading further south than Rio.
Turistas is a passport to a different kind of vacation hell.
While comparisons to Hostel are inevitable Turistas rarely achieves its level of sustained menace and discomfort.
It's fitting that, in a season in which Hollywood offers up its prestige pictures -- the ones it hopes will garner critics' prizes and Academy Awards -- Turistas should come along to offer a bit of contrast.
What's infuriating about Turistas is that it's slick, gorgeously shot and riddled with brilliantly crafted set-pieces.
Ultimately, the best approach to Turistas is to do what these tourists should have done: just stay home.
It gallops along with a suspenseful, dead-on sense of dread.
This one is just too obvious, almost from the title.
This is Fox's first release under its new youth label, 'Fox Atomic' -- and it makes me fear not for the children, but for what Fox executives think the children want to see.
Turistas doesn't have much going for it beyond its xenophobic subtext about trusting young Americans and crude and crafty foreigners. The action scenes are so dark as to be unfathomable. The characters are so alike as to be indistinguishable.
Turistas has mastered the international language: stupidity.
Folks might find a bit of post-Iraq angst insinuated into the script, but any hint of social initiative in a movie this formulaic would be strictly coincidental.
More dull than a gory, scary film ought to be.
Although quite pleasing to look at for a while -- lush jungles, gorgeous water features, bare young flesh all over the place -- the film is spiritually misshapen from the get-go.
With the success of Hostel and the Saw movies, another wave of cinematic nausea is upon us. Turistas tries to ride that wave all the way to the bank, but it's too timid and perfunctory to get very far.
The story is idiotic, the dialogue moronic and the characters are cardboard cutouts. Stupid cardboard cutouts.
Consider it a modern spin on Deliverance, with no squealing like a pig -- just squeals of frightful excitement.
Unpleasant but never really suspenseful, the new teen torture thriller Turistas causes only a dull, predictable pain.
This organ-theft thriller overpromises and underdelivers, falling prey to the typical perils of the genre: few moments of true suspense and laboriously telegraphed plotting.
The cinema of sadism smartens up in Turistas, a violent drama that has all the don't-go-there nastiness of B-movies like Hostel and Wolf Creek with a whole lot less of that guilty aftertaste.
All the blood and nudity mark Turistas as an exploitation film, of the horror-thriller variety -- but who knew exploitation could be so boring?
With Turistas, [director John Stockwell] is stuck with a silly plot and characters that make you sometimes wish the movie were a cheap slasher picture after all.
This thing is paint by numbers all the way through, and as much fun as much of it is I'd be lying if I said the movie was worth all that much more than an economy priced mid-afternoon matinee.
It's only a few weeks before Christmas, and do you know what that means?... it means horror movies about human organ trafficking.
... neither suspenseful, terrifying or inventively gory.
...one can't help but marvel at the decision to release this turd theatrically.
If you remove all the horror aspects of it, it works nicely as a tourism campaign for Brazil. Never has there been a dumber group of travelers; wait to rent it.
...a lot of torture-p0rn aficionados are going to be throwing their money away, and that's always funny.
Another helping of sadism disguised as entertainment...even aficionados of such massacre-fests are likely to find this a long slog.
...horror fans who expect more at the movies than viscera will continue to be disappointed.
Stockwell... has no head for the horror that engulfs the second half.
John Stockwell would rather have 9,000 shots of Melissa George in a bikini than be caught dead telling a story.
Regardless of your expectations of it, I don't see how Turistas can fail to disappoint you.
Before it descends into dull sadism and general incoherence in its third act, Turistas is a mostly effective exploitation picture.
Duhamel should know that you can just stay in Vegas and get your kidney removed while getting robbed in a club populated by ladies in bikinis.
If I learned one thing while watching Turistas, it is that I will never travel outside of the United States EVER (not even Canada!).
an empty shell of a film with a hollow emotional core
The tagline says 'go home.' I say 'stay home.'
more sick than scary, more revolting than revealing, more twisted than tantalizing.
More icky than scary, with a rather obnoxious Ugly American as lead protagonist.
Turistas has better production values than most Hollywood pretty-people-in-peril movies. But even beautiful scenery can't gussy up this flat film.
A wholly predictable bit of slasher unpleasantness and a muddled cautionary tale on the American propensity for foreign misadventures.
It all begins to fall apart around the midway point, before completely unraveling into a confused, murky mess.
If you appreciate a decent thriller with equal parts bloodshed and adventure, you'll do fine with Turistas -- as long as you don't wander off.
If stupidity were a crime, the nitwits in the cheap horror flick Turistas would be doing time in Attica.
Once the gore and suspense take over, this becomes mechanical and unpleasant.
One long setup that ends up being much ado about nothing.
Horror fans will twitch impatiently at those long stretches between killings. And audiences anticipating a feature-length Girls Gone Wild video will suffer withdrawal from the lack of loosened bra straps.
Wow. I'm scared. I'll never open another desk drawer as long as I live.
Nothing more than impressive bodies waiting to be sliced and diced.
Turistas doesn't want to save the world, but gross you out and give you nightmares.
Turistas starts out as an effective little horror movie before devolving into an incoherent mess during its final 30 minutes.
It would be one thing if Turistas were simply bad -- the real sin is that it's unimaginatively bad.
Tall and tan and young and lovely, the girl from Ipanema is probably planning to rip your face off.
Turistas is, surprising, given its lousy marketing campaign and thankless release date, a solidly visceral piece of work. Socialized healthcare never sounded so good.
Wants to be 'Hostel,' but it's just half-witted.
Give Turistas, the edgy, unnerving, graphically violent South American vacation movie full of sex-hungry young adults and horror, credit for knowing full well not only what kind of entertainment it is, but for delivering the goods.
There are flickers of intelligence here, but not enough to make this interesting.
A feature-length defense of the ugly American abroad...
Would you believe it if I said that the fearsome homicidal baddie in Turistas is the most humane and morally responsible person in the movie?
Does less for Brazil's tourism than Borat did for Kazakhstan.
Turistas made me want to go home.
Gets the job done.
Though Turistas eventually bogs down in an underlit mess, it more or less scratches the neo-exploitation itch.
Give the pic credit for being the first U.S. film takencompletely in Brazil. Otherwise: predictable.
Riding the current wave of horror movies populated with American travelers preyed upon by torturing crazies, "Turistas" plays its suspense trump card as the first American film shot entirely in Brazil.
As usual, there's a streak of murderous puritanism in the carnage.
Tursitas succeeds as not another Hostel, but as a truly terrifying trip to the theater in its own right.
With Turistas, director John Stockwell cements his status as contemporary Hollywood's most accomplished exhibitor of the female behind.
This raw and grisly film keeps the tension levels fairly high, even if it is thoroughly predictable.









@highlight

Beautiful scenery and cinematography can't save Turistas from its wooden acting and stale and predictable plot.