Close to hagiography-but who cares when faced with such an entertaining valentine as this.
No, it's not hard-hitting journalism about retail fashion or conspicuous consumption. It's more like a graceful authorized biography of an institution.
Even people who find fashion really, really interesting will be bludgeoned brain-dead by this fawning, attention-deficit infomercial of a documentary.
Once-upon-a-time tales about Elizabeth Taylor ordering 200 pairs of mink earmuffs, or Yoko Ono's Christmas Eve $400,000 furs-splurge, can't compensate for a lacklustre storyline about the famously intricate Chrimbo shop windows.
There's probably a brilliant documentary to be made at New York department store Bergdorf Goodman. No such luck
A maddeningly unquestioning look at a retail citadel.
Fawning, but fun and fashion forward.
I imagine that watching a movie about Bergdorf's is probably a little like shopping at Bergdorf's. It may feel good in the moment, but in the aftermath, you start to feel a little sick about the whole thing.
...works both as a large format infommercial for the store and a Rorschach for those of us with our noses pressed against those windows, watching the elaborate working displays of decorator David Hoey. Are we amused or envious?
For lovers of fashion who think of designers as Greek gods, and Bergdorf's as their Olympus.
The overall feel is less of a cohesive documentary and more of a slapdash scrapbook of facts, historical information and name-dropping.
Much of the window dressing has gone out of fashion. It's nice to revisit it here.
It's fun to take a glimpse into this rarified world, but it's also a little off-putting when one interviewee explaining Bergdorf's appeal frames it as the aspirational apex of the American Dream.
As a sociological exercise, it's like another culture. As a film, it's like science fiction, a visit to Planet Obscenely Wealthy. It is weirdly compelling.
What's it like to try on clothes at one of the most expensive stores in the world? You won't find out in Matthew Miele's documentary.
A fascinating doc that accurately captures the luster of the venerated fashion mecca and shows why Bergdorf's has become an American institution ...
A gloriously gilded wonderland - the stuff of dreams, on view for everyone.
[A] fawning documentary, bankrolled by Goodman descendant Andrew Malloy ...
It's a shame that more time isn't spent inside wandering around the establishment Miele is celebrating, as the pixie dust of elitism and fashionista fawning wears off in a hurry.
It's entertaining, but it might be more pleasingly watched with a fast-forward button.
Ridiculously reverential...a love letter to the famously upscale New York department store, lacking any critical sense.
Yes, the store has managed to attract big spenders for more than a century, but the film reveals that there is as much richness in good anecdote as a painstakingly conceived window vignette.
Piles on the designers and insiders, making no lasting impression other than to spark musings on the folly of excess.
This is an infomercial disguised as mildly entertaining cinema.
As detached from the real world in 2013 as a primer on how to choose the best-tasting caviar.
A feature-length video promo piece positioned as a documentary, pure infomercial/advertorial.
Stunning fashion documentary, joining the ranks of 'Diana Vreeland: The Eye Has to Travel,' 'Valentino: The Last Emperor,' 'The Tents,' 'The September Issue,' etc.
[Prefers] to polish the marble of the block-long Bergdorf Goodman store rather than look past it. Still, for die-hards, peeking into back halls and hearing the dish will satisfy.
It's like a vanity project for - well, who, exactly? I could barely sit through the whole film; I can't imagine wandering the aisles of this puffed-up emporium.
Jumps skittishly from subject to subject, disjointed and repetitive for all but dyed-in-the-wool fashionistas.
Shallow, tedious and, worst of all, boring.
An obnoxious documentary asking us to bow down in homage to a temple of the very rich where conspicuous consumerism is worshipped.
There's so much material that's amusing, and so much goodwill for Bergdorf in the hearts of fashion lovers, that it's a shame this is such an ADD sprawl of a movie.
[A] glossy, fawning valentine to conspicuous consumption ...
...even in my anticipation I could not have realized how entertaining this is, clearly one of the most entertaining films of the year.
Though partly funded by one of the descendants of the store's founder, director Matthew Miele has made a lively, clever, fast-moving film that isn't overly reverential about its subject.
The energy in "Scatter My Ashes at Bergdorf's"-what a great title!-is genuine, infectious and superabundant.
Granted, not every documentary is necessarily required to dig up dirt and say awful things, but the overbearing gush gets tiresome.
Fashionistas will kvell over this paean to the Mecca of Materialism.
You don't have to be in vogue to enjoy this stylish ride through Bergdorf's. It's a surprise package to die for.
This glossy doc is indisputably attractive, with lots of famous faces, amusing stories and stunning clothes to admire.
A modestly amusing celebration of a store, and consumption at its most conspicuous.
Much of the focus falls on glowing testimonials from famous customers like the Olsen twins and designers like Dolce and Gabbana, all of whom speak of the retail mecca as the place to be.
This doc, title taken from a remark by a wealthy European shopper and immortalized in a New Yorker cartoon, is fun and frothy, a fan's mash note.
Matthew Miele has made a department store of a documentary, stocked to the hilt with an obscene inventory of storylines, talking heads, and utterly tasteless choices.

@highlight

Scatter My Ashes At Bergdorf's is a fun documentary which ultimately doubles as an infomercial for the Manhattan store.