[...] splendid cinematography, astonishing production design and an incredibly human story. [Full review in Spanish]
The element of violence... holds the kernels for inexhaustible analysis of the human condition that preceded the film, through the time the film captivated audiences, and even today.
It remains an aesthetically intoxicating trip.
Forget about the cosmic significance: it is the work of a talented film-maker, and full of memorable scenes.
The film is by turns comic and profound, hysterical and pompous, fully complex enough to deserve more than a simple yea or nay.
[VIDEO ESSAY] For all of its easily mocked elements, "El Topo" is a work of mad cinematic genius that sticks.
... the story of 'El Topo' proves too scattered and weak to bear its digressions and vague symbols that suggest everything, anything and nothing.
Has lost little of the maddening, bewildering weirdness that made it a seminal midnight-movie phenomenon.
its mixture of genre revisionism, religious mysticism, and shocking visuals felt new and wild and meaningful, at least to those who wanted to see it that way.
Alejandro Jodorowsky may be full of it, but I'm thankful that he spread it -- whatever it is -- across the screen in 'El Topo.'
While I truly do doubt that modern viewer will have much use for Jodorowsky's dated spiritual philosophy, the style with wich he expresses that philosophy is often quite exciting.
A dated counterculture goulash long hyped as art by a blank generation desperate for something different.
As perplexing as large parts of it are, the film certainly isn't boring. And it's kind of fun trying to figure out what it's all supposed to mean.
a mystic trip through political, religious and philosophical terrains, gunning down all normative notions of what the western - or indeed Western civilisation - is supposed to be.
For the adventurous viewer, El Topo is a bizarre, colorful, unforgettable experience.
Violent, visionary, vital.
haunting and haunted, flitting at the edges of Jodorowsky's masculine fantasy
Without the aid of mind-expanding narcotics though, El Topo can't help looking laughably ramshackle, the combination of bad dubbing, shoddy camerawork and over-the-top performances making it pretty much unwatchable by modern standards.
One things for sure, they certainly don't make 'em like this any more. Nor, I suspect, would anyone want them to.
A dreary, protracted exercise in sadomasochism.
It's steeped in blood and sex and dream imagery and weird music and imparts a sense of heat and wonder and even revulsion in a way that always feels artful and exact.
The movie's lure is sensual and unflagging; that's what makes it, for all its arty absurdity, the last great movie of the 1960s.
This is gutbucket Luis Buñuel , surrealism on the cheap, and it hasn't dated well -- the blood is patently fake and the gunshots are dubbed.
You may find it a tiresome, macho relic -- or a ragtag circus wandering through a fantasy realm part Treasure of the Sierra Madre, part Tolkien's Middle-earth.
El Topo would be part of the revolutionary, post-'60s movement of Antonio das Mortes and The Last Movie if its private mythology didn't belong so obviously to its maker's acid subconscious.
A mass of indecipherable symbols combined with obvious self-indulgence on the part of a writer-director-star Alexandro Jodorowsky make what could have been an entertaining western into one of the more pretentious films ever made.
With style constantly contradicting content, and the prevailing mood redolent of egotism and misogyny, it leaves one the feeling of having waded through a full-blown fantasy where even the self-degradation emerges as just another form of narcissism.
El Topo is a good deal more interesting and a good deal less hung up on its own pretensions than all my most intelligent friends had led me to believe.
Everything about this mystical trip smacks of narcissism, even the scenes where the filmmaker is lowering himself in acts of self-deprecation.
Jodorowsky dazzles us with such delicate mythological footwork that the violence becomes distanced, somehow, and we accept it like the slaughters in the Old Testament.
Message to Allen Klein: please put this film back into official release.
The most bizarre western you're ever likely to see.
Sceptical audieneces may feel there is not much to Jodorowsky's daring juxtapostions, and watching El Topo one often has the feeling of intruding on someone's bad and highly personal dream.
I remain unconvinced that even Jodorowsky knew then or knows now exactly what it all was trying to say.
This could quite possibly be the strangest film you'll ever watch. And I mean that in the best possible way. Track this one down.
The surrealist filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky created his own midnight cult version of the Spaghetti Western which, once seen, is not easily forgotten. Some of his macabre and mystical images linger, both fascinating and strange.
The film is a veritable grab-bag of traits that may appeal to different viewers. As a whole, the film is likely to provide faults as well as triumphs.
An extravagant hodgepodge of hand-me-down surrealism, mysticism, Italian westerns, theater of cruelty, and Buñuel -- more enjoyable for its unending string of outrages than for its capacity to make coherent sense.




@highlight

By turns intoxicating and confounding, El Topo contains the creative multitudes that made writer-director Alejandro Jodorowsky such a singular talent.