If all you require of a horror-thriller is that it scares you, then Lights Out does the trick. If you need it to make complete sense, well, it's not here. But hey, that's the world of the supernatural. As with magic, do you really want to know everything?
At one point a cell phone becomes a character's greatest means of self-defense, but it goes beyond that, constantly delivering creative thrills.
It is refreshing to see something chillingly different in this genre.
This is nightmare fuel.
Teresa Palmer is disappointingly under-powered as the daughter.
... if you're into a decently scary movie that mines fright from well-executed, if familiar, jump scares and atmospherics, then Lights Out is the movie for you.
There's nothing ground-breaking here, but it's effective nevertheless.
For the most part, Swedish director David F Sandberg... keeps us jumping as the lights go on and off. And unlike the ghost, at a brisk 80 minutes, his movie doesn't outstay its welcome.
A film with awful performances, a complacent direction and a laughable plot. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, like many dime-a-dozen horror films, Lights Out suffers from an all-in approach, choosing to simply attempt to scare the viewer by any means necessary rather than working on making it genuine.
A poorly executed child-in-peril piece of fright-free crud involving a deadly ghoul you can only see when the lights are out. So, why not stock up on high-powered torches? It's a weak horror premise, poorly done.
Likeable performances, good pacing and a requisite amount of scares help it along.
A beautiful piece of machinery... The pity about all this is that it can't be tied to a better human story.
There are scares from the off in the short, punchy horror Lights Out, adapted by the director David F Sandberg from his short film.
At about 75 minutes of run-run-running time, this often claustrophobic chamber piece never drags. The plot is, beyond its occult conceit, perfectly plausible. And the family's mired in a cycle of trauma and loss.
A metaphor for abusive codependency and its sidekick repercussions, shame and secrecy, director David F. Sandberg's fairly effective feature debut imagines an angry ghost with a baleful longtime influence on a fractured family.
A flawed but fun summer watch.
This simple but effective horror movie seems to do everything exactly right. It's smart, clever, and very scary, and it doesn't bother with any of the lazy, cynical stuff associated with the horror genre today.
Lights Out is masterful at building ambience and the contrasting light and dark visuals would have delighted Junichiro Tanizaki (author of "In Praise of Shadows"). But when it comes to developing characters and making sense of their actions, it falters.
The thrills are well orchestrated in a flick that knows not to outstay its welcome.
It's not bad but it could've been better than just a movie to pass the time with. [Full review in Spanish]
You wouldn't call it the most original piece of horror cinema but it is admirably inventive in those spaces between the obligatory generic tropes of shrill sound design, creaking hinges, and the inevitable descent into the basement.
Viewers who are sensitive to sudden loud noises are in for a particularly torrid time. And when was the last time a film made you shop for lightbulbs?
Lights Out has the best horror gimmick since Paranormal Activity.
Lights Out is creepy and just a tad demented, and that, most horror fans would agree, will do very nicely.
Just to watch it on free time and under low expectations. [Full review in Spanish]
Starting full of dark promise, Lights Out becomes a mechanical, family action film made with kid gloves. It left me begging to be scared.
Having done a good job with the casting of his central trio, it's a mystery why Sandberg didn't play to his screen strengths and give Bello more to get her teeth into.
In its own deeply contrived way, the film is just as frightening as you want it to be.
Thankfully, the jumps come frequently enough to raise it a Watt or two above the standard horror potboiler - phew!
Lights Out is a decent conceit stretched till it snaps, tied back together with feeble wisps of story, and re-stretched so dimly and often you'll mainly be craving the illumination on your watch dial.
What makes Lights Out so terrifyingly effective is that it takes full advantage of that primal fear of the dark that almost everybody has felt at some point in their lives. And this time, there really is something under your bed.
Yes, it's basically 81 minutes of the same gimmick, but with characters you care about - principally Teresa Palmer's appealingly edgy, cliché-bucking Rebecca - and a poignant denouement, this is horror with guts as well as gore.
The anticipation of every jump scare is met with exceptional execution, and the film's frantic rhythm consistently denies the opportunity to bemoan the familiarity.
Not as scary as the orginal shortfilm. [Full review in Spanish]
The overworked exposition detracts from the family unit, played with engaging intensity by Palmer, Bello and Bateman.
An effective horror film with an interesting premise. [Full review in Spanish]
There's not a lot of screaming and pointless running around to fill time - it's a tight script in which everything adds up.
A lean, mean scare-machine, and a surprise contender for horror of the year. Seek it out. Then, for God's sake, buy a bedside lamp.
Sandberg's ability to craft chilling jump scares bodes well for future projects. He nimbly draws out grippingly tense sequences in badly lit locations and the use of practical effects is wonderful.
A simple plot based on a scare mechanism is used perfectly to create great amounts of suspense and horror. [Full review in Spanish]
A simple film that goes beyond it's limitations, yet it doesn't create the impact it aims for. [Full review in Spanish]
Sanberg's original idea doesn't quite work for the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
'Lights Out' is clever fun for horror fans.
As far as thrills and chills go, Sanberg's feature-length debut revels in both of them, making this a spooky little endeavor I'm frightfully happy to say I enjoyed.
A perfect mix of family drama and horror. [Full review in Spanish]
The moments when the movie puts the audience into the freakish environment of its characters are its most fun, and best experienced in a theater with loud speakers.
A general audience will be unnerved, occasionally scared out of their wits, and probably satisfied by this old-fashioned exploration of fear of the dark. Horror enthusiasts will bemoan this tepid, overly safe foray.
uniquely creative in exploiting our fear of the dark
Although the movie doesn't offer much in the way of characterization, its cheap thrills are manufactured effectively, like an amusement-park ride designed to rattle the nerves.
A great horror film to spend some fun time at the movies, but don't expect it to be a classic in the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
Predictable in all accounts, this movie would have been better off entitled, Darkness Falls 2.
A great horror film that makes great use of classical elements. [Full review in Spanish]
Entertaining and scary (everytime the light flickers all hell breaks loose), even if it's a small budget film. [Full review in Spanish]
Lights Out may be a quick, simple, and slightly familiar piece of PG-13-level horror, but it's also a well-made and unexpectedly engaging thriller as well -- with an ending that's sure to generate at least a small amount of debate among horror fans.
The fun wears out fast and so does the "gotcha" factor.
Lights Out takes advantage of that primordial fear of the unknown that lurks in the darkness ...
Swedish director David F. Sandberg makes an auspicious horror debut with this shady, sinister, supernatural story.
Lights Out ultimately can't quite justify its full-length running time and is, for the most part, unable to live up to the high bar set by its preceding short (and its own opening stretch, certainly).
Blasé characters and tired jump scares [populate] a "Nightmare On Elm Street" redux that swaps out dreams for darkness and an iconic villain for an indistinct one.
Creepy and chilling, this horror film takes a simple concept and runs with it to great success.
Lights Out, the new horror movie about a monster that can only strike when, well, the lights are out, is a near masterpiece of scary movie craft.
A lean, gripping, well-acted and creepy psychological horror film. Kudos to the filmmakers for trusting the audience's imagination.
Bello is an excellent actress and makes Sophie's anguish credible, although she can't rise above the material.
It successfully gets by with minimal dialogue and basic old-fashioned scares like loud noises and screams.
A spooky, visually creative picture that sucks you in with its atmosphere and good old-fashioned "boo factor."
Lights Out makes for a lean and mean scare-delivering machine, but is less effective as a supernatural horror parable.
At 81 minutes, unfolding in a handful of key locations, and opting for practical effects and clever framing over computer-generated imagery, Lights Out is still lean and concentrated, and it benefits from that spareness.
Predictable stuff, energized by some spiffy scare effects and actors who perform well beyond the call of fright-house duty.
So simple, yet so effective.
It has a fabulous idea of what it looks like when the boogeyman is coming to get you. It has no idea what to do when the boogeyman finally gets there.
Won't make you want to look under the bed, in the closet or leave the lights on when you go to bed but it's not bad.
The dialogue often comes across as phony and forced, just like the obtrusive Avenged Sevenfold poster strategically plastered on Rebecca's living-room wall.
It's no classic at its longer length, but for fans of the genre, Lights Out has its moments as a cling-to-your-date alternative to seeing yet another big budget, comic book-derived summer blockbuster.
If you are in the mood for some neck hair prickles, this should do the trick. By the finely judged end, just who is causing all this horror is not clear, and that perhaps is the greatest fright of all.
For the most part, though, the film is just a tired tread through the usual elements.
[Lights Out is] shot largely in the dark. Sadly, the potholes in the narrative leave the audience stuck there, too.
Lights Out is one of the best bad horror movies to come out in some time. For a movie that is so dependent on routine jump scares, it's actually pretty fun when it lets its stringy, ghoulish hair down.
The film exhausts most of the possibilities for how light can be generated and extinguished, although I'm surprised they didn't do more with the Clapper.
The short that inspired it packs more frights into its 3+ minutes of running time.
The only real inventiveness on display here is in how many ways someone can outwit a creature that not only depends on darkness, but has the ability to mess with electrical power.
Lights Out has a terrific new movie monster, which is worth the price of admission even when the movie doesn't work as well as it should.
... based on a very simple premise-it's scary in the dark.
The polar opposite of effects-heavy horror spectacles, this modest shocker goes back to basics and looks surprisingly fresh. Genre buffs should eat it up.
Diana will be back in mind once you lie down and turn off the lights.
There are a few inconsistencies with the scary bits, but the script is rich, and having Teresa Palmer as a badass adult daughter with commitment issues - typically a male role - is refreshing.
Just try not talking back to the screen during Lights Out. We dare you.
The scares are cheap, but they're frequently effective, the same way that if you're hungry junk food might fill you up. It doesn't mean you'll feel good about it later.
The flick is certainly effective in terms of delivering the jolts and overall creepiness. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - Available)
Palmer, recently seen bathing in light in Terrence Malick's Knight Of Cups, is a formidable presence here, but she's crippled by a sloppy and tone-deaf script. It scores laughs when trying to be serious with emotions and psychology.
Sandberg delights in finding new, twisted ways to use our fear of the dark to pull us into his web of scares.
With some immensely chilling sequences and a lot of the eye-rolling moments of the horror genre cleverly sidestepped, Lights Out features a simple premise that is told confidently.
Drenched in cliché and threatens to be completely drab until it's saved by its frightening finale.
Lights Out is a thriller that gets the job done.
Spackling over any copycat cracks with strong acting and fleet editing, "Lights Out" delivers minimalist frights in old-school ways.
'Lights Out' is scary enough and thankfully brief, a perfect combo for summertime screens.
Unfortunately, the film stumbles, offering too few legitimate scares and displaying an overreliance on traditional horror movie clichés.
Lights Out succeeds because it does something few contemporary horror films manage-it's frightening
The film establishes just enough of a connection to these characters that the scare sequences possess some dramatic stakes...
Swedish filmmaker David F. Sandberg makes an impressive feature debut with this spooky, less-is-more expansion of his short that landed him this first Hollywood gig.
Awfully inept ...
It delivers more than its fair share of jump scares and knows when to bail out.
"Lights Out" is an effective, tidy little chiller; basically the same sneak-up-in-the-dark scare over and over. But hey, as we've learned through decades of horror movies, that stuff works.
Few horror films are as insistent about the trauma mental illness inflicts on families as Lights Out, and still fewer are so insensitive about it.
Contains more than enough flickeringly lit yelps to justify its existence. How many variations can be successfully run on the same gag? Quite a few, as it turns out.
Feels like a first draft. You can practically hear the typos.
Like the most enjoyable horror movies, Lights Out is almost a physical experience, carrying viewers from stress and terror to even some tension-breaking hilarity.
The tale of a restless evil spirit who suffers from an extreme aversion to light, this nifty little chiller may be the first movie of its kind to unite the pleasure of a good haunting with the horror of an unpaid electricity bill.
Sandberg ... spares us from the indignity of jump scares. When he sets out to frighten you, he means it.
In the end, it's just a little horror movie, but the director knows that and doesn't overplay his hand.
Though it might lead to an increase in viewers' electricity bills and expenditures on candles and flashlight batteries, the scary fun will be worth it.
"Lights Out" deserves to be considered in the company of such recent horror standouts as "It Follows," "The Babadook," "Goodnight Mommy" and "The Witch."
Lights Out does not break new ground. But you're going to jump, you're going to smile, and you'll undoubtedly enjoy the ride. What more do you want from summer cinema?
Dopey and disposable, but fun.
Watching Lights Out is like standing next to an idiot with an air horn, never quite knowing when it's about to blow in your ear. It's a far cry from the freaky grace of David F. Sandberg's short.
A brisk, studio-glossy feature that's predictable and heavily reliant on jump scares but spooky good fun nonetheless.
Sandberg successfully creates a high quality, wide appeal horror movie that'll make you think twice before turning out the light.
As a scare machine, however, Lights Out works like gangbusters, especially once all the main characters are gathered under one roof.
Even the most cynical, jaded, seen-it-all-before critic cannot deny certain visceral reactions to a film. Lights Out gave me the chills.
Sandberg effectively stages suspense from start to finish, giving "Lights Out" the disturbances it needs to cover for uninspired dramatics. Then again, who's coming to this film for the story?
This is the kind of movie that really gets audiences alternating between hiding their faces in their hands to outright applause.
David Sandberg's LIGHTS OUT isn't a bad horror movie. It's well produced, acceptably performed, with decent special effects and a barrage of shocks. But we've seen it before. Again and again. And again.
A terrifically effective little scarefest.
"Lights Out" a Fun Frightshow
An engaging monster mash-up of clever innovations and genre conventions, packed into an energetically fleet 81 minutes.
It's the cinematic equivalent to a carnival funhouse: a bit scary when you're traversing it, but utterly forgettable (and mildly regrettable) once it's over.
Lights Out ends up being a good example of taking an oft-used premise and turning it into something that's highly effective.
Think of Lights Out as a J-horror take on the Doctor Who episode, Blink.
For a long time it's a 'Don't go in there' film of the highest calibre. Sadly, it turns into a 'Don't go there' film by the end.
A nifty fright flick with glimmers of depth. Short and effective.
The film is blatantly, unmistakably about mental illness, and that makes it hard to ignore or forgive what it ends up saying (hopefully by accident) on the subject.
First-time feature director-writer David F. Samberg makes an impressive debut, proving you don't need mega bucks to get maxi scares.
A small, pitch-black treat, "Lights Out" takes a common childhood terror and uses it to spin a horror story with a new kind of ghost and some familiar, but still effective shocks.
In some ways the film is like an amusement park ride. You see the curves and twists coming, but if you're going fast enough, they're scary anyway.
It's satisfying (the audience I saw it with cheered, several times) and reasonably involving on an emotional level.
"Lights Out" adeptly weaves a web of tense, nightmarish situations undercut on occasion by blips in logic.
A feature needs something beyond brief periodic jolts of fear.
Once the film runs out of unusual lighting schemes to exploit (violet-hued goth black lighting, random blasts of car headlights, etc.), it loses power faster than a millennial with a long-overdue electric bill. But that one shadow lady is enough.
Lights Out would be a modest triumph if not for one near-fatal flaw, which it shares with much modern horror: the overblown, schlocky sound design, which blasts us with electronic noise whenever the ghost comes into view.
Sell all your stocks immediately and invest in companies that make candles, flashlights, light bulbs or anything else that creates illumination. There's going to be a run on those items with the release of Lights Out.
Built on a clever premise, the film is executed seamlessly. It's the best expression of a low-budget horror flick: resourceful and smart, where the most charismatic character is the ghoul itself.
If you're in need of some sudden, nerve-shredding jolts, then this short, sharp and not-so-sweet horror movie gets the job done with a merciful minimum of fuss.
If anything it tries too hard, resulting in a nerve-jangler that's both smart and deeply silly.
...rather pedestrian...
Palmer and Bello really do seem like world-weary, spook-addled daughter and mother, and they play the stakes just so, favoring neither blase understatement nor yellow-highlighter melodrama.
Lights Out is the kind of horror movie that cares more about scares than story, but with horror elements this terrifying, I don't see a problem with that.
This is a movie that just floats along until it becomes socially irresponsible not to divulge some sort of explanation.
Lights Out is an experience that reminds you why you love horror movies.
Proof positive it's still possible to mount a decent B-horror flick on a very modest budget.
Lights Out needs to be seen in a darkened theater next to someone who won't judge you for jumping out of your seat.
Unsettling enough to make you think twice about what might be in the room with you when the lights go out.
Elemental, if occasionally over-explained.
Scares come easily from a fairly simple idea in this impressive horror debut from director David Sandberg.
Palmer is cool and resourceful, Bello is brittle and sympathetic and the plot cracks on at a pace.
Lights Out is real-deal filmmaking, folks -- a horror movie that's absolutely worth your attention.
With an unnerving monster at its core, great cast and relentless final sequence, Light's Out is a debut director Sandberg should be proud of.
A surprisingly maternal horror movie that relies as much on fraying emotional bonds as supernatural suspense to create tension.
' Lights Out' is a well-written and well-acted dysfunctional family drama that works even absent the supernatural elements that eventually take center stage.
Lights Out does for fear of the dark what Halloween did for slashers.
Occasionally succumbs to certain rudimentary hallmarks of industrial studio horror, but for the most part it's agreeably suspenseful, date-night arm-squeezing genre fare.
Never strays too far from its source, essentially repeating the same jump scare, over and over again, for most of its muscular 80 minute running time. What's most shocking is how well it still works.

@highlight

Lights Out makes skillful use of sturdy genre tropes -- and some terrific performances -- for an unsettling, fright-filled experience that delivers superior chills without skimping on story.