Tracy Droz Tragos and Andrew Droz Palermo's documentary is an unflinching portrait of poverty in rural America, and its sympathetic portrayals give heartbreaking examples of neighbors in need.
The Rust Belt's 'New Normal' depicted as a desolate, depressed dystopia dotted with street urchins a tad too naïve to appreciate their dire life prospects.
We root for them to find hope for the future under the most difficult of circumstances, and worry that there are many more kids just like them.
A beautiful, heartbreaking documentary.
Made with the slickness of Clint Eastwood's 'It's Halftime in America' commercial and about as substantive.
In this life, people limit their dreams to what you can find at the dollar store.
As filmmakers Tracy Droz Tragos and Andrew Droz Palermo show, these are not bad boys, but troubled youths attempting to survive in environments in which it seems the cards are stacked against them.
Life On The Edge
A portrait of small-town American poverty in which compassion for its subjects is matched only by a caustic undercurrent of rage at the utter collapse of the American dream.
The confluence of poverty, dysfunctional parenting and poor educational prospects makes the oft-idealized small-town life look like an incubator for failure, no matter how high and spectacular the Fourth of July fireworks fly.
Astonishingly intimate and unflinching yet also impressionistic.
One moment, you're wincing; the next, you're shaking your head in sympathy.
The spare, haunting score and intimate use of the camera brings us directly into the desperate lives of a country's poorest people, struggling to find even occasional pride and sense of belonging.
"Rich Hill" doesn't just make you feel like you know these boys; it makes you care about them.
What makes this elegy worth watching is the unfettered access to Andrew, Appachey and Harley, teenagers who are dealing with a hardscrabble existence in which role models are nowhere in sight.
Rich Hill attempts to lay bare these kids' lives, striving for gentle intimacy, but the result feels more like arthouse pandering.
There's no judgment or condescension in the film's treatment of its subjects, nor is there any attempt to dissect any societal shortcomings.
Approach to social problems is cool but sympathetic.
To address poverty, much less wage war on it, first you've got to describe it. And that is what this small, admirable film does so well.
Palermo and Tragos make it impossible to judge these kids or their parents. There is no glossing over of anyone's failings -- just a straightforward acknowledgment that this is how life has turned out. All that matters now is moving forward.
A deft and compassionate portrait of grinding poverty through the yes of three young Missouri men. "Boyhood," indeed.
Rather than putting us in the shoes of the poor, "Rich Hill" merely lets filmmakers and art-house patrons pat themselves on the back for watching the lyrical misfortunes of others.
Instead of drowning us with statistics, they show us real lives, flesh-and-blood people.
"Rich Hill" doesn't analyze or point to conclusions; the only agenda is reminding us that these boys exist - and millions like them and their sisters.
Yextures of pain are vivid, but the overall effect of Rich Hill isn't nearly as passionate as one would expect from the subject matter.
Perhaps the saddest thing about the film is the thought that nobody raised in Rich Hill could have made it.
The title is a woozy irony: The three high-school boys portrayed in the documentary "Rich Hill" will never be rich, though this gently heartbreaking film certainly is.
There is something strange lingering throughout the film: hope.
Every shot, every second among these people -- even at their most unattractive -- makes you feel for them and loathe the world in which they're enmeshed.
It emerges as an artistic statement as multi-faceted, nuanced and hauntingly original as any of its fictional counterparts.
An intimately observant look at individual children and the details of their daily lives and personalities.
Inside these average American lives are futures far too often passed over or, worse, written off. This terrific film gives the teenagers their due.
The movie exists mainly as an act of social advocacy, showing how one portion of the population lives and offering a sobering rebuke to pull-yourself-up-by-your-bootstraps rhetoric.
This study of teens trying to make it in a very depressed and depressing heartland would have benefitted from more hard info and less pictorial meandering.
Rich Hill does not add up to more than a series of vignettes. What it offers is a compassionate look at the intricacies of American poverty, where joblessness is only one factor.
Rich Hill is poverty porn, examining lower-class spaces with pity as its operative mode and engendering little more than a means for viewers to leave the film acknowledging its sadness.
The film... burrows as deeply into [its subjects'] specific circumstances as possible, with a goal no more or less lofty than making invisible children visible, in all their heartbreaking vulnerability and resilience.
Though none of the trio share a scene together, the varying degrees of discomfort that define their lives form a larger overview of instability.
A hard-eyed but empathetic glimpse into the hardscrabble lives of struggling Missouri folk.
Their documentary focuses on three young people in Rich Hill, but more broadly Rich Hill is a portrait of poverty and diminished dreams in America's heartland.
Palermo and Tragos tell the immediate truth of their subjects while simultaneously projecting themes and ideas that speak to a much broader audience. That balance is the core of nonfiction art.
A wonderful look at pubescent melancholy and rural living.
A truly moving and edifying film, Rich Hill is the type of media object that could and should be put in a time capsule for future generations.
Rich Hill uses a structure of storytelling that is unlikely to strike who's keen to seek it out as anything new, and yet still manages to illuminate some interesting facets of American life...
An open-hearted portrait of impoverished American life ...

@highlight

As compassionate as it is infuriating, Rich Hill offers a sobering glimpse of American poverty.