Harold Ramis' directorial debut may be messy at times but Caddyshack's zany moments are enough to overcome the faults.
Caddyshack represents everything that is wrong with contemporary film comedy.
Caddyshack has a low-budget look that warmly welcomes the all-important teenage audience.
To attempt a critical evaluation of Orion's new Caddyshack is a little like describing the esthetic qualities of an outhouse.
Essentially Animal House on the links, it's neither as raucous nor as outrageous as that definitive college comedy but it has the same rebellious spirit and a great cast of comedy legends showing the young co-stars how it's done.
There is a plot to this enjoyably erratic comedy... But basically it's a framework on which the writers, two of whom (Harold Ramis and Douglas Kenney) are Animal House alumni, can hang vulgar, obvious, yet often amusing gags.
Caddyshack, a derelict farce that lurches about in search of hilarious possibilities among the members and employes of a country club, is the latest misbegotten spawn of National Lampoon's Animal House.
There's still a lot of fun in this movie, and most of that comes from the heartfelt performances from the cast.
A funny slapstick comedy, starring Billy Murray in top form
Classic '80s comedy; not for kids.
Never mind the fact that the plot regularly goes off track and into the rough, Caddyshack offers laughs a plenty.
dependant almost entirely--when it's not being angry and cynical--on arrogance and smugness.
Given the short shelf life of many rude 'n' crude Hollywood comedies, it's amazing how well Caddyshack stands up after all these years.
Despite being ungainly, Caddyshack is the kind of comedy you can pan for gold in... [Blu-ray]
Director Harold Ramis doesn't help matters through his lethargic staging of several major slapstick sequences.
No matter how bad practically everybody thinks it is, practically everybody likes it.
Has attained cult comedy status over last 25 years...due to Chase, Dangerfield, Murray set pieces.
Still every bit as funny, and every bit as stupid, as it was twenty years ago.
The first-time director, Harold Ramis, can't hold it together: the picture lurches from style to style (including some ill-placed whimsy with a gopher puppet) and collapses somewhere between sitcom and sketch farce.
A slapstick comedy featuring a host of great clowns.
This vaguely likable, too-tame comedy falls short of the mark.
If you're still at the age when farting and nose-picking seem funny, then Caddyshack should knock you dead.
A crude comedy.
One of those rare comedies where everything clicks. A true classic.
Overrated and dumb comedy with a few funny moments.
The plot wanders around the golf course and involves a half-dozen elements, but if you simply dig the gopher, the caddy, and the Dangerfield, you're not going to be doing half bad.
Coloquemos da seguinte forma: Elizabeth Taylor envelheceu melhor do que este filme...
Gopher it!
Caddyshack never finds a consistent comic note of its own, but it plays host to all sorts of approaches from its stars, who sometimes hardly seem to be occupying the same movie.
A pleasantly loose-limbed sort of movie with some comic moments, most of them belonging to Mr. Dangerfield.
...some of the juvenile jokes land in the rough, but you won't forget Bill Murray's turn as a goofball groundskeeper obsessed with blowing a pesky gopher to kingdom come.
Anarchic comedy shenanigans wreak havoc in a country club.
A so-called classic 80's comedy featuring one of Bill Murray's most inspired comic creations.
A genial, idiotic '80s comedy in a golf club-setting with near-mythic resonance for those who watched it in adolescence.
There are worse things
One of the all-time classic comedies. Lightning in a bottle, in a bunker.
a gross-out gem, one of the ultimate 1980s flicks
Makes a perfect double feature with "Animal House."
It's not big and it's not clever, but it's very, very funny.
This nearly plotless, angry class comedy is more a barrage of traded insults and slights than anything else, and it refreshingly recognizes that class has nothing to do with money or lack of it.
Does it hold together as a quality comedy? No, not really.
I know this movie is silly, but when the final credits roll and that little gopher is dancing to the opening bars of "I'm alright", you just can't help but smile.












@highlight

Though unabashedly crude and juvenile, Caddyshack nevertheless scores with its classic slapstick, unforgettable characters, and endlessly quotable dialogue.