Aniston isn't brilliant because she managed not to wear make-up or not to wash her hair. She is brilliant because with every inch of her body she conveys pain. She's creepy, rigid, a plotline -- as a recovering invalid -- in her own right.
Aniston can't find within herself sufficient emotional colours to shade our response to one of life's victims who may have in some way contributed to her cavalcade of ills.
Aniston gives a good performance, but she's photographed like a star from Old Hollywood, where glamour always trumped character.
Submerged in her character's physical limitations and mental anguish, Aniston gets it right whether grimacing in pain or recoiling in anger and if Meryl Streep, Hilary Swank or Julia Roberts had played the part, I know they'd be up for an Oscar.
Cake is a particular disappointment, though the blame cannot entirely be assigned to Jennifer Aniston.
Aniston's Claire takes a claustrophobic emotional journey that's at once too neat and too cute.
It will be a pity if viewers are too put off by the subject to see Aniston's bravura turn, a tour de force that also tells us something about what we can and can't accept in women's performances, our threshold for unlikability and unprettiness.
Think 'Nurse Jackie' reincarnated as a lawyer. The blatant Oscar-bid timing reduces the effectiveness of Aniston's performance rather a lot. It manufactures high expectations.
Despite a formidable and kaleidoscopic performance, there is a sense that the themes of human frailty and the will to heal that inform the film's narrative are beyond Aniston's abilities as a serious dramatic actress.
In Cake, [Aniston]'s stiff, suffering, and suicidal, your mostly unwelcoming hostess for an extended pity party of personal tragedy.
Writer Patrick Tobin and director Daniel Barnz have a made a movie that, despite the clichéd template, manages to hold your interest. The main reason for that are the fine performances, mainly by Aniston who pilots this thing.
Aniston isn't the only one doing good work... It's a shame the script lets them down in the end, too.
Cake usefully reminds us that Jennifer Aniston can actually act. I wish she'd do it more often and in better movies than this one.
The film doesn't quite prevent sentiment seeping in before the end, but Aniston's deadpan comic timing as she delivers Claire's bitter put-downs and complaints is brilliant: the deliciously sour cherry on the cake.
Cake is a so-so Lifetime special and a pretty lousy film.
You hope for the tang of lemon drizzle; what you ultimately get is Madeira, with the proverbial soggy bottom.
Essentially a saccharine confection of clichés, full of bits that are hard to swallow.
Cake has much to say about grief, and on the whole says it with intelligence and insight.
I was in pain during this indie drama, which may explain why I enjoyed it.
With Aniston on this form it's almost good enough to banish memories of The Bounty Hunter, Wanderlust and even Just Go With It.
Aniston shows quite brilliantly the effect of the constant pain on both her character's body and her mind.
If I were Jennifer Aniston, I would be fuming. And I would be wondering what exactly I had to do to get an Oscar nomination for best actress.
The cast is strong, the characters are intriguing but the more you learn, the more the film loses its grip on your emotions.
As for Aniston, she gives an honest, well-intentioned performance, but it is marooned in an unsatisfying script whose emotional effects are unearned.
Jennifer Aniston lifts an addiction drama with a committed but never showy performance. It's a pity the rest of the film can't cut as deep.
A brilliant Jennifer Aniston lead performance isn't enough to save this doughy, maudlin piece of misery porn.
Jennifer Aniston delivers an Oscar-calibre performance in this rather over-worked drama...
Aniston plays her part with no frills, but she can't help but be dragged down by the surrounding artifice. For one thing, no-one in the real world could possibly have so many grey cardigans.
The drugs don't work - but thankfully Aniston does - in this slight but sly portrait of pain-meds hell, which wallows in self-pity when it should be grabbing our sympathy.
The central character and performance are intriguing but not enough to sustain a film that feels more and more like a TV-movie matinee.
Grim but interesting drama has prescription drug abuse.
The film evokes a tangible sense of crippling loss. It just fails to translate the honesty of its quiet moments to the scenes in which the characters interact with each other.
Whether or not Aniston ever gets another role like this one, I have a hard time imagining anyone else in it -- and that's the sign of a genuine actor.
The slack and purposeless direction leaves the entire cast emoting in a void.
...a starkly unsentimental portrait of a damaged woman weighing the pain of living in the world against the unknowable alternative.
Aniston makes Cake her own movie and its structural shortcomings become of lesser focus and importance.
Jennifer Aniston does something completely different in this potboiler of a psychodrama and succeeds marvelously.
[Jennifer Aniston gives] a big performance in a small, personal film.
More than just a vehicle for awards, "Cake" features an overdue, career-growing, award-worthy, emotionally honest role for Jennifer Aniston anchored by a patient script written by real humans about real humans.
Beyond the sly method in which it keeps viewers guessing at Claire's circumstances, the screenplay often fails this otherwise finely-assembled film.
'I think we need some closure,' is the opening line, spoken by a therapist; the scene is played for parody, but in fact its message is sincere: 'Cake' is the all-too-familiar story of a sad person's healing process.
The main attraction in "Cake" is Aniston...
Where Aniston finds poignancy, the film too often wallows in pity.
Aniston fully fills out the role in truly believable and credible ways, delivering what's easily her best dramatic performance to date. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Jennifer Aniston burrows into Claire's walking-wounded gait and eclipsed mood.
All the action grows organically out of character and a surprisingly stubborn life force that urges us to get out of our premix boxes, and start from scratch.
Cake could have used more layers.
Jennifer Aniston is commendable but the film's lack of subtlety and nuance undermines the story's reach.
Aniston's performance stands to change the way many people look at her, with a deft, tempered turn that also could end up redefining her career.
Aniston's portrayal of Claire is as good as Julianne Moore's in "Still Alice", and better than Marion Cotillard's in "Two Days, One Night". It's simply a shame that she wasn't nominated.
Such an injustice. Jennifer Aniston has given the second-best female performance of the year, and misses a chance for an Oscar because someone messed up --- royally.
Jennifer Aniston gives an astonishing performance. An abundantly compassionate yet frequently funny script by Patrick Tobin.
"A thoughtful and frequently moving drama that insightfully illuminates what it's like to live with illness and agony."
This Cake isn't fallen. It's just a bit deflated.
Odd that we're applauding the fact that an actress can, you know, act, but here we are celebrating Cake all the same.
Worth sitting through just to watch Jennifer Aniston pull off a performance of a lifetime.
Aniston so completely dons the scarred skin, battered bones and deep depression of Claire, one forgets one is watching the former star of TV's 'Friends.' ...Aniston is the frosting this misshappen "Cake" needs.
Directed in moody, downbeat tones by Daniel Barnz, Cake doesn't know when to stop piling on the angst.
A misguided therapy dramedy that attempts to portray pain and grief with strained whimsy.
'Cake' is delicious stuff - low key but affecting, funny while tragic, quirky but never so bizarre it loses you.
It puts us at a disadvantage for comprehending Claire, and it puts Claire at a disadvantage for becoming a recipient of our sympathy.
a brave, vulnerable, nuanced, grimly humorous and deeply felt performance
In Cake, Aniston shows that she's got the goods, the ability to delve into a complex, not particularly likable, character and make her thoroughly believable. If only the film were as good as its star.
The movie veers into something that feels sadly predictable by the end, once we've learned everything we need to know about Claire's tragic past.
It's no wonder that Aniston signed on to produce and star. The part is an actor's dream, and she had the aspiration and the guts to fully realize it.
"Cake" gives us an interesting character and a fine performance, nestled into a movie that doesn't really work.
The movie hits so many familiar beats that it's impossible not to see what's next. It does what you expect at almost every turn ...
Perhaps a more imaginative director might have brought some genuine feeling or grace to this bathos, but Barnz merely allows Aniston maximum screen time and shoots her to highlight her artfully ratty hair and crosshatched skin.
Unsure of whether it wants to be comedy or tragedy, it meanders along an awkward middle path.
Five words I never thought I'd string together: Jennifer Aniston made me cry.
The script withholds information about Claire's accident, and when the reveal finally comes, it doesn't provide catharsis or empathy, so much as a sense of having been led around by the nose.
Many fine ingredients--not least the performances of Aniston and Barraza--have gone into making this 'Cake,' but it leaves one wishing that the end result had been more uncompromising.
Cake starts off like an edgy indie film and wraps up like one of the more serious episodes of Friends. Once Aniston's warts 'n' all performance has been highlighted, the movie seems to fizzle out, losing its momentum.
Of Aniston, the highest praise you can offer is to say you forget you're watching her.
The tiresome story of a rotten, awful human being, who gets a redemption arc that's equal parts unsatisfying and unearned.
Another in a long line of films in which beautiful people dowdy themselves up in an effort to Be Taken Seriously.
It's not a bad film. But you would have to live within Claire's very small and pampered world to think it was a brave one.
The good news of "Cake" is that it proves that Aniston can be appealing without being exalted or gorgeous, by simply being average.
I wish the movie were messier, more surprising. But as with most of what we see, made on small budgets and large: The performances are not the problem.
There's no doubt that Aniston deserves more roles like this one but, with luck, in less maudlin, more surprising movies.
Claire is the sort of role fortysomething actresses dream of: utterly unglamorous; biting; wounded.
Cake is an odd duck. It has a brilliant lead performance from its star, yet that performance is surrounded by tiresome clichés and contrivances torn straight out of the Independent Filmmaking 101 handbook.
A movie that tries so hard to be edgy that it tips over into silliness.
Alas, "Cake" can't rise simply from Aniston's performance. Had the script been sharper and the direction tighter, she might just have made the Oscar list.
Neither painful nor powerful.
A listless indie drama that never goes much of anywhere, with moments that are framed as revelatory but contain little in the way of revelation.
Feels like a series of pulled punches, with director Daniel Barnz trying desperately to keep his feature approachable despite a devastating subject matter.
...turns a potentially resonant exploration of loss into a hollow game of hide-the-trauma.
Solid performance by Aniston, but her character's trip from point A to B plots a well-trod course.
There's an irony that Claire, a victim with bottomless resources and no responsibilities, so easily crumbles, but the film doesn't press the point.
Aniston proves, as always, a modestly gifted actress, only this time with scars and weedy hair.
The smaller scenes that focus on the everyday reality of depression stick with you ...
Is it truly such a surprise Jennifer Aniston is as good as she is in this otherwise modest drama? Look back, people: your Friend has been mixing it up in independent films throughout her very successful career.
A sour, one-note dirge, it mistakes unrelenting self-pity for honesty, stewing in the pain of someone stewing in pain, and as oblivious to the misery of others as its self-involved, blinkered protagonist.
The script goes soft, not Aniston. Instead of playing symptoms of chronic pain, she finds what's raw and festering underneath. Way to go, Aniston.
Awash in pills, wind chimes and ugly vibes, the film has a ton of producers credited, suggesting too many cooks might have spoiled this Cake.
The sheer courage of Ms. Aniston grows on you, like a lichen. So does the movie.
Oscar nomination or no, Aniston is the reason to see this. She's rarely been better.
Is Cake a great picture? Oh, good heavens, no. This is a small, unassuming movie that does contain an impressive performance from Aniston -- even without the nomination.
It's a drag to see Aniston doubling down on the kind of sour, embittered role Cake offers, one with very little latitude for her comic chops or her natural way with a seen-it-all sigh.
Less emotionally potent than it wants to be, and feels as if it might have been overmedicated by script doctoring to make it more palatable to Aniston's fan base.
Cake is a study of grief that drowns in a cold bath of grim self-pity.
Pass up this flaky, underwhelming confection...
Jennifer Aniston's performance might be worth biting into, but Cake lacks an emotional depth that much more appealing treats tend to showcase.
Aniston's solidly done departure probably would have organically received its due (and possibly even more credit) had it been a genuine discovery in a film released and sold as the modest, blip-on-the-radar non-event indie that it is.
It's a letdown that the film itself, written by Patrick Tobin and directed by Daniel Barnz, doesn't take half the chances its leading lady does and is content to paddle around the shallows rather than plunge into the deep end.
In a turn that stands as the single best performance by an actress this year, Aniston offers her heart and soul in the role of her career.
Nothing about Cake is remotely tempting or sweet.
Cake indeed features a strong dramatic turn from Jennifer Aniston and it may or may not win her an Oscar nomination. But aside from that it's just a solid small-scale character study.
Yes, Aniston delivers a serious performance but it is over the top and turns the movie into a soap.
It's actually quite moving and Barnz finds the right emotional touch points without going overboard.
For all the pain, grief, sadness and suicide that layers Cake, it is a serious treat to see the actress stretch herself. Hopefully this film won't turn out to be a single slice.
The end result is a passable effort that succeeds most keenly as a platform for Aniston...
A well acted guilt and redemption drama that doesn't have the courage of its convictions and is let down by predicatibility.
Ultimately, a few chuckles can't cover up the fact that this is a character study of a character not worth studying.
The movie is actually smart about the seriousness of grief without being oppressive itself. And [Aniston's] performance is equally intelligent.
Despite its sour centre, Cake's conceits quickly crumble, leaving just a half-baked pity.
The film starts to drift and deteriorate into something perilously close to a trite, TV-movie tearjerker rather than something as harrowing and real as a Cassavetes drama.
At the last minute, "Cake" becomes a film not about chronic pain, but a different subject entirely, and one about which it doesn't have all that much new to say.

@highlight

Cake finds Jennifer Aniston making the most of an overdue opportunity to test her dramatic chops, but it lacks sufficient depth or warmth to recommend for all but her most ardent fans.