It's basically another version of the original Zoolander movie, with a lot less charm and a lot more lame.
Ben Stiller adopted the modern formula of going bigger and bolder, which unfortunately does not work out because he is too busy distracted by cramming in as many celebrity cameos as he can
My goodness, the favours that have clearly been called in.
Zoolander 2 isn't secretly brilliant like its predecessor, nor does it have the kind of absurd humor it takes time to unpack. It's just a bad movie, embodying every reason that comedy sequels are a bad idea 99% of the time.
Perhaps I was entranced by his Blue Steel, but for me, Zoolander 2 was really, really, ridiculously good fun!
Ben Stiller said he made Zoolander 2 for the fans, but this fan sadly doesn't agree.
As long as you don't walk in expecting to see Citizen Kane, I'm not sure how you could be disappointed.
Far too much of the film feels a laundry list of references to the original.
The problem with these new comedy sequels is that they feel uncomfortably forced. Sometimes it's better to not go back. Sometimes it's better to just leave things exactly where they are.
As I sat down to watch the sequel on the big screen a couple of days ago, I was filled with anticipation. Unfortunately, as I left the cinema, I found myself filled with bitter disappointment.
This movie goes a good hour before it gets any big laughs.
Fifteen years after the fact, the sequel risks jeopardizing the goodwill generated by the pretty-good and unexpected original, recycling too many okay jokes and references while failing to update it for the times in any substantial way.
Whatever inspiration first fed the original film has been bled pretty dry by this point, but what gives this film a special kind of unintentional poignancy is the way in which the comedy zeitgeist has largely passed by the main comic cast.
Zoolander 2 should have been so much more outrageous than it was.
While not a film likely to have a lot in the way of staying power, I still enjoyed Zoolander 2, the sequel reminding me that Stiller is a creatively inspired director who should probably step behind the camera more often than he right now does.
Failing to tap into practically any of the charm of its predecessor is Zoolander 2, a supposed comedy devoid of practically any creativity and humor.
It's a retro retread that royally sends up the vulgarity and vanity of it all but Derek Zoolander, well, he'll never go out of fashion.
A noisy, often nonsensical, unfunny enterprise with lots and lots of cameos from some of the culture industry's most recognized faces.
This sequel fails to recapture the charm and wit that made the original a cult classic.
Stiller and Wilson give their all (it's obvious that they enjoy working together), but it's not enough to save this film.
The plot is surprisingly short on laughs and over-reliant on relentless celebrity cameos.
One of the most unnecessary sequels of all time (yes, I've seen Speed 2).
The strength of Zoolander 2 is when a joke hits, it hits hard.
Fifteen years after Zoolander . . . Zoolander No. 2 feels like an uninspired knockoff rushed into production to take advantage of the first film's popularity.
Little effort is put into revealing the weird and wonderful rules of the fashion universe; gags from the first movie are repeated, with the volume turned up to ear-splitting levels.
It tries so hard but it just doesn't capture the spirit of the original.
Zoolander No. 2 proceeds at a consistently hysterical pitch and, though it drags in parts, is worth watching for some genuinely hilarious moments.
Dying is easy. Comedy is hard. But comedy sequels are apparently the greatest challenge of all.
Zoolander began as a television sketch and ideas are clearly starting to run thin.
Agonizingly paced and bewilderingly outdated, Ben Stiller's long-awaited sequel is a sad march through every single joke from the 2001 original.
Stiller's sequel lazily swaps out satire for celebrity cameos, memorable musical cues for different iterations of the same songs, and a childlike Derek for a cruel one.
It's always a pleasure to see Stiller and Wilson inhabit these characters, goofing off with guest stars that range from Sting to Marc Jacobs.
Although it does manage to induce several genuinely funny and bizarrely entertaining moments, the film's overall premise - a downright absurd one at that - proves a little too difficult to digest.
A thorough disappointment.
To even attempt an explanation of the over-arching narrative would be rather pointless -- mainly because, there isn't one.
...the movie falls prey to the bigger-is-better syndrome that seems to affect most comedy sequels.
A pointless film where Stiller fails to be witty and creates an awful sequel. [Full review in Spanish]
Bottom line, this sequel is a guarantee for laughs. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's unbelievable that Ben Stiller decided to end his good directing streak with this poor excuse of a joke. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the best parts about the original was that it made fun of the fashion industry and the people who take it too seriously, this sequel fails to do that. [Full review in Spanish]
It's stupid, over the top, ilogical, brilliant, incoherent, and random, a self aware comedy with tons of laughs. [Full review in Spanish]
In the end you get what you paid for, yes, the movie is dumb, but it's also really funny. [Full review in Spanish]
If it wasn't for the light tone and good time the actors have playing these characters, Zoolander no.2 wouldn't be more than a bunch of cameos in designer clothes cashing a big check. [Full review in Spanish]
After 15 years in deep freeze, writer/director/star Ben Stiller thaws out his beloved, pea-brained male model Derek Zoolander for a belated sequel and, in the face of the cosmic odds against it, it's quite a fun lame-brained laughfest.
With lots of recycled jokes and nothing new to add to the formula, this is a reunion that's not worth going to. [Full review in Spanish]
The story is beside the point in this pointless movie; it's less tasteless and offensive than the original, but just as god-awful.
Silly jokes and A-list cameos pass the time, but it's pretty much more of the same from Ben Stiller, Luke Wilson, Will Ferrell and the rest of the gang.
The special spark that made the original Zoolander special and quotable is largely absent, and it makes Zoolander 2 really, really, ridiculously pointless.
Zoolander 2 is not a great film or even essential but it fulfilled its overall purpose, which was to make me laugh.
The worst thing Ben Stiller has ever done.
If Zoolander 2 were a high-ticket fragrance, it would be called Desperation.
The film offers no new satirical insights into this region of idiocracy, just a colorful romp through it.
A mess of odd false starts and long stretches of pointlessness.
Zoolander 2 takes pains to reference every successful gag you remember from the original, and then embellish them in painful-often offensive, almost always outdated-fashion.
With virtually the same blend of wit and idiocy as the 2001 original, this fashion-scene comedy is funny enough to spark some solid laughter in between the gags that fall flat.
There is so much stupid fun in Zoolander 2, the movie practically dares you not to laugh. Don't take that bet. But don't miss the movie.
Stumbles down the runway like an overdressed supermodel with two left feet.
"Zoolander 2" sucks so much worse than your average mediocre sequel that you don't even feel like you've seen a movie.
None of it's especially amusing, and the whole thing tends to feel strained, leaden and unfashionable. Or have we all just grown up since Part 1? Was 2001 really that long ago?!? Say cheese!!!
This is some of Stiller's (and Wilson's, and Ferrell's) funniest, silliest work in years, with odd moments and inspired lunacy... It's just a shame that so many exquisitely silly moments have been sewn into such an out-of-date outfit.
A goofy gag machine that will raise smiles for some and make others just plain gag.
Zoolander 2 hinges on the notion of relevance, and whether Derek and Hansel have a place in a contemporary landscape, where the modelling world has changed significantly.
Walking out of Zoolander 2 was the obvious choice...
"Zoolander 2" is a sequel that ultimately fails to justify why it needed to exist nearly a decade-and-a-half after the fact, but it does manage to wring out just enough entertainment value to be enjoyable.
A sometimes amusing, but unnecessary sequel.
What it has in place of a plot is a host of star cameos.
In short, the joke is dead, the script is a mess and the film is a tedious embarrassment - despite the divine Penelope Cruz' seductive fashion division Interpol agent and a revolving door of star cameos
This type of comedy might work for some people, but definitely not with me. [Full review in Spanish]
One thing is to make fun of everyone and another is to know how to do it. [Full review in Spanish]
As Hansel says, 'Let's talk about what worked.' What worked? Just enough that I can say I'm glad I saw it, but not enough that I recommend anybody pay the full ticket price.
Obviously, the impact of this sequel is lower, especially when slowly becomes a reiteration of the classic moments from the first one. [Full review in Spanish]
The first film scored a few palpable hits, but the new one barely makes the effort, and the poise of a work like "Funny Face," which both mocked and fêted a devotion to couture, seems an impossible dream.
Calling "Zoolander 2" the character's identity quest is a stretch. His time would be better spent trying to find himself in the nearest black hole.
At one point Zoolander and Hansel are duped into wearing T-shirts bearing the legends "Old" and "Lame". Well, they are and so are the jokes. But simply acknowledging this fact doesn't excuse it.
If you want to see this, see it addled. With a fashion crowd, if that's not an oxymoron. Or something.
While the clueless catwalk star is as enjoyably moronic as ever, the jokes aren't there.
If only Zoolander 2 had as many laughs as it does celebrity cameos.
Silly but rarely funny.
And Stiller, who also co-wrote and directs, accessorizes his movie with the same fun and goofy energy as the first, even if the story is thinner than Kate Moss.
This baggy, back-slapping sequel fails to recapture the magic that made the original a quotable hit.
There are some clever bits and the satire is at times scathing but, on the whole, moments of hilarity are like oases in a desert of tedium. When Zoolander 2 isn't funny, the silliness strains the viewer's patience.
There's no reputational risk involved in asserting that Zoolander No. 2 is so awful, it makes the original appear as brilliant as Annie Hall by comparison. But how about stating that it's so awful, it makes Dirty Grandpa appear as brilliant as Annie Hall?
Strained, silly comedy sequel,subversively spiced by self-parodying celebrity cameos.
Campy, flagrant, and overflowing with outlandish nonsense. Zoolander 2 is semi-brilliant for being so stupidly funny yet suffers from lengthy jokes going overboard, too many cameos, and a silly storyline that even the film recognizes.
Anna Wintour and Valentino join in on the very obvious gags about their industry, acknowledging that Ben Stiller's preening and witless runway "satire" contains nothing to make them remotely uncomfortable.
Ben Stiller's misguided sequel is a true fashion disaster. I liked the first but something has been lost in translation 15 years later.
Too bad that ends up being cool, hollow and superficial just like the universe is making fun of. [Full review in Spanish]
Ben Stiller's and Owen Wilson's performances are what make the thin plot work perfectly in this sequel. [Full review in Spanish]
Bad enough to make you consider retreating from society and becoming a hermit crab.
Zoolander 2 will probably disappoint people looking for a carbon copy of the original, but its refusal to be one is probably its best quality.
When it's not pandering, Zoolander 2 gets close to twisted genius. And then Katy Perry or Willie Nelson appears.
The warmed over humor is a tired one-trick pony that spit the bit barely 15 minutes into the original.
'Zoolander 2' is an incredibly inferior sequel, a bad movie and a constant disappointment. [Full Review in spanish]
A tad dated and scattershot, but the messy package is inventively absurd... and unlike many Hollywood comedies, able to carry that absurdity to a silly end.
In the world of sequels no one was crying out for, it's easily in 55th place. Fifteen years of development has paid off handsomely -- in this case, literally so.
Simply put, Zoolander No. 2 is a disaster. It is witless. It is forced. Worst of all, it lacks a key component: story.
Sadly, like Anchorman 2 and Dumb and Dumber To, Zoolander 2 is another argument against waiting a decade before producing a sequel for a popular comedy.
Zealander 2 aims to be bigger and crazier than its predecessor, but amounts to a serviceable (though less memorable) comedy sequel.
It's all a bit of a mess and just not funny. Anyone who hasn't seen the first film will wonder what on earth is going on.
Fresh. Barely. Two things. Why make a sequel 15-years after the fact? Second. You do have to give a film extra credit when it manages to even make Will Ferrell funny.
While the fashion satire Zoolander 2 still seems to be in on the joke, it has a tough time finding the punchline.
Zoolander No 2 is pretty funny whenever it isn't trying to recreate bits from the first one, which is a lot, unfortunately.
Racy sequel to cult comedy hit is a hot (but funny) mess.
Just as dumb and nearly as funny as ZOOLANDER, and if that fatuous masterpiece is the kind of stupid that lights your giggle gas, this will, too.
Painful to watch in how many jokes and gags land with a thud (like a bad "SNL" skit that goes on and on). (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
Profoundly unfunny. Ferrell and Wiig work their usual weird, wacky magic together. But even they take on the sad desperation of EMTs who are wielding defibrillators that have, like the Blue Steel-lipped corpse beneath them, expired a long time ago.
...instead of capturing the heart and charm of the original, this absolutely unnecessary sequel just comes off as a giant mess that should have never made it off the writer's table.
While all comedies get refined in the editing room, this one feels like it was slapped together there, as Stiller - who also directed - searched for laughs.
How bad is Zoolander 2? It's Batman and Robin bad.
Asks the question, "Why was this movie made?" The answer is not forthcoming.
We waited 15 years for this??
a fun reunion of absurdity
A bland, boring, listless, flat movie. Zoolander 2 stinks.
It is merely dumb when it should be knowingly dumb; satirically dull when it should be sharp; and just plain ugly when it should be, at the very least, aesthetically minded.
Amounts to a parade of celebrity cameos masquerading as a movie.
Rarely has the fashion dictum 'more is less' seemed so apt.
A misguided retread of some of the least amusing elements of the original.
Depending on your threshold for inanity and slapstick you'll either find this hilarious, or just mildly amusing.
Kind of like fashion itself, we don't really care whether "Zoolander 2″ is any good. We go because it is silly fun.
It is saddled with the kind of script that doubtless created no end of belly laughs in an office in West Hollywood, but yields rather fewer in the cinema.
[Zoolander 2] trades its predecessor's absurdist joys for the same derivative bombast that made Anchorman 2 such a disappointing slog.
Some people find Derek Zoolander funny and likable and endearingly dumb. I don't. I find him grating.
Where the first film was content with straight-faced silliness, Zoolander 2 tries to blow the same silliness out to epic, world-spanning proportions, and it just winds up feeling overstretched.
Unfortunately the humour is frequently more WTF than LOL.
Bigger and more brash doesn't necessarily mean better.
There are too few laughs and none of the cool edge you'd expect from the man whose look was "Blue Steel".
It's a hit and miss hour-and-a-half that lacks the charm of the first movie, but Zoolander 2 raises just enough chuckles to justify Derek's return to the big screen.
The trouble is that Zoolander already exists, and Zoolander 2 is entirely too aware of that.
This sequel ups the ante so relentlessly that you may find yourself pining for a relaxing night of watching the 2001 original.
The idea behind it seems to have been, 'What if we made a sequel to Zoolander?' ('And?' 'No, that's it.')
With the exception of a few genuine laughs, it feels very "old" and "la-may."
A ridiculously inane script that is sometimes very funny, mostly not.
Silly and stupid, but reasonably entertaining if you just sit back and accept it for what it is.
One might hope that the long-awaited sequel Zoolander 2 would be a biting, lunatic satire on the present selfie-regarding fashion industry. Instead, poor Stiller turns out to be An Actor Who Can't Direct So Good.
Zoolander 2 sweats its silly ass off to please. The results are scattershot. But when it works - oh, baby.
The results are mixed, and that's being charitable.
Almost all of "Zoolander 2" is like that draggy last 20 minutes of "SNL," when every half-decent idea has been exhausted and the only reason the show is still going is because there's time to fill up.
Stiller's big failure is simple: he tries to recycle every last meme from the first film. Fashion-wise, it's like watching someone put a million buttons on a once-reliable, semi-familiar outfit.
Like its title fool, Zoolander 2 wants desperately to be adored, despite coming hopelessly late to the party.
Zoolander 2 seems like the result of a 15-year game of "exquisite corpse," the surrealist exercise where different writers add to a story independent of each other, strand by strand, without full knowledge of previous contributions.
This character has a short comic shelf life. We get it, already: He's really dumb.
as Heidi Klum would say 'As you know in fashion, one day you're in. And the next day, you're out.'
Celebrity guest stars pop up in lieu of gags.
That famed "blue steel" look may be lethal, but the lack of anything funny here is far deadlier for those hoping for a good time.
In its sequel, the jokes, if you can call them that, are trying way too hard.
An incoherent and idiotic mess.
"Zoolander 2" is just another lazy grab bag of sketch ideas acted out by "Saturday Night Live" cast members and alumni, each of whom comes up with a schtick and then beats it into the ground.
Some movies keep you in a state of suspense. "Zoolander 2," a dud glitter-bomb of a sequel, eventually leaves you in a state of suspended animation, with eyes glazed over and brain in sleep mode.
A wildly over-plotted, discouragingly unfunny action-comedy bloated with celebrity cameos and desperately needing but lacking any satirical edge.
These characters were worn out by the end of the first film - now, they're just exhausted. It's time to retire and let some fresh faces pose for the camera.
A deeply depressing mess of a movie whose antic busyness drains at the center, all snap and energy sucked into a howling void where a decent joke used to be.
Is "Zoolander 2" one "Zoolander" too many? The answer, unfortunately, is yes more than no.
Zoolander 2 isn't quite a bottom barrel Hollywood comedy, but it's not far off from it, either.
Sticking Derek and Hansel in a world now dominated by smartphones, social media and selfie sticks gave the writers plenty to lampoon, but it's squandered instead on the odd hashtag joke and Netflix plug ...
When Kiefer Sutherland is the funniest person in your movie, you have a problem.
Enough already. A tiresome exercise in pointless celebrity cameos.
"Zoolander No. 2" is about as fresh as Cross Colours and Starter jackets.
The script is so weak that chuckles of recognition become the lion's share of the comedy.
It's not as funny as you might think. Then again, this movie isn't very funny, as it doesn't think.
Zoolander 2 fails because they remove the characters out of the fashion world setting and into a spy parody that would make Austin Powers cringe.
This ill-advised repeat resembles unsalvageable messes like "Caddyshack II," "Dumb and Dumber To" and "Blues Brothers 2000."
[A] lumbering, laugh-free sequel [that] fizzles like a defective firecracker.
For every laugh that Zoolander 2 elicits, there's a pang that all this was funnier the first time around.
Sadly, the promised zings and arrows never fly in "Zoolander 2," which with the exception of a mildly clever opening sequence, steadfastly avoids pointed satire in an attempt simply to cash in, tread water and peace out.
There's no reason the movie had to be this terrible.
"Zoolander" captured its moment, and so does "Zoolander 2." It skewers the preening emptiness of contemporary culture with the help of people who are part of it.
It's a bizarre and pointless spectacle, but not an unamusing one.
A lot of jokes get run into the ground in Zoolander 2, and while Stiller's sequel isn't without its moments, it fails to live up to its predecessor's higher standards.
Moviegoers may wish that Will Ferrell's megalomaniacal supervillain Mugatu had won in the first Zoolander and saved us from another film with these boneheads.
"Zoolander 2" not only satisfies, it explodes with a level of craziness that plays to Stiller's strengths, making sure to leave the audience with a little more than just rehashed bits.
I laughed so much my wife thought I was going to have a stroke.
Feels not like an ongoing, rejuvenated cult favorite but a novelty act.
Disappoints in all the ways you expect it to, coasting by on catchphrases and cameos and not much else.
As unnecessary sequels go, Zoolander 2 is relatively painless and generally amusing, and only occasionally strains for its punchlines - the climactic confrontation, in particular, tips from silliness into outright inanity.
The film is frequently guilty of the same obsolescence it accuses the characters of embodying.
"Zoolander 2" has enough plots for several movies. They are so jammed together that they more or less cancel each other out.
It's surprisingly conventional, but not in a reassuring or back-to-basics way; its set ups and jokes are creaky and labored, its characters stock and strait-jacketed.
A dizzying cavalcade of celebrity cameos in place of jokes.
A mostly agreeable but empty-headed mess. It's sort of the movie equivalent of Derek Zoolander himself.
As my screening companion wisely noted as we left the theater: "The era of the male comedian is over."
I come here not to bury Derek Zoolander - only to eugoogalise him.
Yes, it's ridiculous. It's supposed to be.
Though the big laughs are well spaced out here, there is a sussed silliness to proceedings that never goes close to wearing out its welcome.
It's not worth shelling out money for in theaters.
Stiller and company uphold the Zoolander brand with honor.
Zoolander 2 feels less like its own movie and more like a Valentine's Day gift to all of the fans who have kept the character popular for all these years.
Zoolander 2 is another comedy "sequel for sequel's sake," trading thoroughly thought-out jokes for a distracting parade of celebrity cameos.
The movie absolutely drags along, bouncing back and forth between endless celebrity cameos [...] and joyless retreads of some of the original Zoolander's key moments.
A really, really, ridiculously hot mess.
It's a likable mess, although it lacks the memorable lines of the first, making it liable to be enjoyed once and forgotten, rather than revisited for years to come.
There are enough off-beat jokes and gifted performers to ensure a good time.
While Zoolander 2 is a perfectly adequate piece of comic escapism, a lack of fresh ideas makes it ultimately toothless.
It's fun to see Zoolander once more. It seems unlikely that the premise could ever sustain a third film, but if this is Derek's swan song then he leaves amid a flurry of feathers and bustle -- surely all a male model could wish for.
Ben Stiller's follow-up to his 2001 mini-classic is ridiculously funny. Stupid and unnecessary ... but funny.
Represents a strange trend in movies, most recently embodied by 'Dirty Grandpa': the terrible movie that embraces its own crapulence - and, occasionally, lets its creative paucity curdle into the genuinely weird.
While Stiller's movie plays with notions of obsolescence for its vapid heroes, "Zoolander 2" isn't even self-aware enough to extend the examination of relevancy to itself.
Existing less as a feature film and more as an excuse for endless celebrity cameos, Zoolander, No. 2 is a lazy and often painfully unfunny sequel.
Desperation hangs in the air like an expensive men's cologne Derek would advertise with a flash of Blue Steel.
Did you like "Zoolander"? Good, then you'll like "Zoolander 2."
The lack of an interesting new angle and the far-from-razor-sharp script means Stiller's dimwit routine feels stretched this time round and even his usually reliable rapport with Wilson seems deflated.
Funnier than any terrible movie has any right to be.
The imbecilic charms of a character that began as TV sketch material are too often misplaced in this wildly over-plotted, under-energized action comedy, plumped to bursting point with celebrity cameos.
Zoolander No. 2 is embarrassing, lazy, and aggressively unfunny. The only good news is that at the pace the franchise is moving, we won't get Zoolander 3 until 2030.
The orange mocha crappuccino of movie sequels.
More Blue Steel than Magnum, this is a perfectly serviceable sequel, but dogged by repetition, it lacks the original's speed and sizzle.
Derek and Hansel aren't as hot right now as they used to be. But I still felt some warmth.
As funny, silly and lovingly teasing as anyone could have hoped.
Zoolander 2 death-marches its way through a tiresome succession of espionage movie clichés and cameos.
A cavalcade of gags that fall flat and cameo appearances that are more impressive on a look-who-they-got scale than for inspiring any mirth.
The stakes are higher, the action is bigger, the ambitions are grander, the jokes are appreciably less funny. Like many comedy sequels, "Zoolander 2" supersizes everything so that it's that much more apparent how few of the jokes are connecting.
Zoolander No. 2 is a cameo-filled shadow of the first movie.
Easy targets are listlessly ticked off and the final credits come as a sweet release
Like its predecessor, the best bits of this sequel are in the isolated moments...

@highlight

Zoolander No. 2 has more celebrity cameos than laughs -- and its meager handful of memorable gags outnumbers the few worthwhile ideas discernible in its scattershot rehash of a script.