This unfunny comedy isn't worth leaving home for.
Just a standard, dull pseudo-teen comedy that just happens to take place in the '80s.
Ten years too late -- for the movie, the actors playing the roles in the movie. It's "Hot Tub Time Machine" without the time machine or the hot tub. Or the fun.
Take Me Home Tonight is a much deeper, dramatic movie than most give it credit for. And it's also a hoot, too - largely thanks to Dan Fogler and the amusing cameo appearances.
Pap in service of wistfulness about a time period now thoroughly mocked to death.
This 80s-nostalgic comedy relies too much on its big hair and bright clothes and not enough on getting inside the head of its characters.
As enjoyable as the soundtrack and general nostalgia of this film is, it just doesn't rise above wannabe status.
...a better-than-expected bit of '80s nostalgia...
A tonally uneasy mish-mash of stale slapstick and naïve representations of drug use.
Eddie Money deserves better than this.
[Director] Dowse's film is so formula that it is aimlessly predictable...
Grace is particularly wet, lacking the charisma or the charm to pull off the shy nerd-at-heart routine needed to convince you he could actually win the girl of his dreams.
Not a journey to the end of the night that I'd recommend.
This 1980s-set comedy was shot in 2007 and has been sitting on the shelf ever since. The damn thing's so old it's almost retro twice over.
So bad, it's almost good... if certainly not great.
80s nostalgia as a thing is so ten years ago... just about the time that the 33-year-old Topher Grace would have been the right age to play [this] just-out-of-college, I-dunno-what-to-do-with-myself whiner...
It's a dispiriting mess throughout.
Refreshingly, for a comedy of any decade, the characters are all likable, particularly Grace who gives his best performance since 2004's overlooked rom-com In Good Company.
Like a lot of fun nights out, you might enjoy it but won't remember a thing.
Who ever thought we'd care?
A film which has the occasional interesting scene but which fails to ever take off.
[A] moderate comedy set in the 1980s.
It takes more than just the right clothes and soundtrack to imbue a flick with genuine Eighties spirit: though the leads click charmingly, this feels exactly like a Noughties teen comedy in yuppie drag.
There's a good, snappy screwball comedy buried somewhere in the movie, but director Michael Dowse can't unearth it.
Take Me Home Tonight is pretty similar to Hot Tub Time Machine, playing for the same silly Eighties laughs but never quite getting them.
Disappointing comedy that coasts along thanks to a likeable performance from Topher Grace but ultimately falls down thanks to some poor writing, a lack of decent jokes and a wasted supporting cast.
It's an amiable but slow slice of nostalgia: think 'Hot Tub Time Machine' meets 'Superbad' - without the big laughs.
A potential cult hit in the making, call this Dazed And Confused for the Members Only set.
A formulaic romantic comedy that underutilizes its likable stars and fails to effectively capitalize on the character of the era.
Moral: Parachute pants and Wang Chung are not enough.
You'll leave the theater mildly entertained and not too sleepy.
A serviceable adult romp about a Night That Changes Lives Forever, 'Take Me Home Tonight' is a raunchy glance back at the '80s.
Tonight better left to yesterday.
... a basically inert rehash of the standard wild-all-night-party-that-changes-everything-with-nonstop-nostalgic-oldies-on-the-soundtrack movie ...
This low-powered, amiable, stunningly unimportant movie is essentially one long, noisy party (set in two houses).
Not the best, night ever, as the tagline proclaims, but a good time anyway.
Take Me Home Tonight, sadly, plays like something that's perennially stocked in the remainder bins at Suncoast Video.
This film succeeds (just barely) not by poking fun at the '80s but by embracing the charm of its endearing lead actors.
A venal, mindless, and aggressively chintzy movie.
"Take Me Home Tonight" is not a bad movie. In fact, it's pretty good. It's just unnecessary.
This one misses on just about every angle - plot, characters. laughs. Well at least the soundtrack is good.
I still can't think of a reason why this couldn't have been set in the present.
The 1988-set film "Take Me Home Tonight" grows on you in spite of that lazy pop-song title and an opening 15 minutes that may be the worst I've seen in ages.
The film isn't much, but for those of us who appreciate anything '80s, it's a perfectly painless nostalgia trip.
A film that succeeds (but just barely), not by poking fun at the decade of leg warmers, big hair, and even bigger cell phones, but rather by embracing the charm of its endearing lead actors.
A well-acted but forgettable 'Hot Tub Time Machine' clone for the post-college set (and without the time travel.)
Movies keep getting worse. Hall Pass was awful. Drive Angry made Hall Pass seem like Gone With the Wind. Take Me Home Tonight makes one yearn for Drive Angry.
...it's an even more plastic, hollow and underwhelming experience than actually living through 1988.
Works better when it pauses in between its shallow gags and observes the angst of the recent college graduate.
If there's anything funnier than dorky white guys singing along to gangsta rap, I don't know what it is.
It's formulaic at best - and even that formula isn't always thought through.
the story gets better and better as it reaches the climatic (and action-packed!) finale.
If you're going to set your comedy in the same universe as the classic '80s comedies of John Hughes, you better make sure your movie is good enough to withstand the comparison.
Remember how funny the '80s were? This movie doesn't.
Drinking jokes. Sex jokes. Wild antics. Sincere looks. Nothing goes on here that hasn't gone on -- and gone on better -- in other movies.
It's not high art. It's not going to move you to save the world. But if you like films from that era, you'll be laughing your ass off.
Take Me Home Tonight should have the cinematic equivalent of a biohazardous waste warning on it to make sure people stay away and don't get exposed to it.
The movie works its warm, funny magic and casts a spell that's both nostalgic and naughty.
A strong ensemble-with one notable exception-is the main attraction of this otherwise slight and unmemorable period comedy.
'80s rocker Eddie Money called ... he wants his song title back.
A romantic comedy set in California in 1988 that loses its focus.
One imagines that only a snort-along screening could possibly lend to the film the energy that it so desperately needs. (With that said, no, we do not endorse the use of cocaine.)
The screenplay hangs a lampshade on the trope of people who are stuck in time.
It seems content to poke fun at the clothes and to package some of the more listenable (if inconsequential) music of the era around a joke-challenged romantic story.
A dirge of a comedy...
After the gimmick begins to fade, what remains is less than likable characters inhabiting an all-too-familiar plot.
It tries hard, but it always falls short.
They speak entirely in plot points and punchlines and seem to be motivated only by lust, greed and ego. Well, we all are, but few bring to this motivation so little intelligence and wit.
It pretends to be hungry like the wolf, yet it ends up doing the safety dance.
Its abuse of nostalgia is more frustrating than entertaining and the same can be said for Dan Fogler.
The movie's carried by Topher Grace and Teresa Palmer who, in addition to being incredibly likable, seem to have real chemistry together.
An '80s movie lover's wet dream.
It won't make anyone want to go back to the 80's, but it might make them want to see Grace's next film.
A reasonably watchable immersion in nostalgia.
Dowse achieves a level of sincerity and comic bite that transcends the efficient but sometimes painfully obvious screenplay.
Nothing that happens in Take Me Home Tonight is surprising or affecting, and none of it is funny, either.
very last joke in the movie -- verbal gags, visual gags, musical cues, camera moves -- is crushingly literal.
It, like, totally pains me to say this, but Take Me Home Tonight is a bummer.
[The] trite boy-meets-girl arc (he lies about his job) is occasionally offset by some potent comic misadventures.
The movie is easily enjoyable, but it's also a mindless comedy with fewer laughs than one might expect after viewing the well-edited trailer.
Give the genially bawdy '80s nostalgia trip Take Me Home Tonight credit where it's due: It's got the music part down pat
As a raunchy romantic comedy or an homage to the 1980s, Take Me Home Tonight is hardly worth a one-night stand.
'Take Me Home Tonight' has just enough heart and retro party spirit to hold the line before familiarity breeds contempt.
None of this is remotely surprising, yet I frequently found myself laughing (particularly at Fogler's wild-man behavior) and sympathizing with Matt's predicament (face it, Grace is impossible to dislike).
The mystery of Topher Grace's film career, and why it isn't better, continues with "Take Me Home Tonight."
An amiable diversion, kept afloat by some comic moments of the raunchy, silly variety, and by something that does feel rather retro: a kindness to its youthful characters.
Overall "Take Me Home Tonight" represents a lateral move at best for its 24-hour party people, a step back at worst, and not worth your time either way.
Like a zippy lost treasure from the days of VHS and Duran Duran.
A bland string of pokes at fashion and 1988 period style.
The art direction and costumes are clearly a conscious choice, but if you're going to look back with affection (and/or irony), it helps to have something to say.
Completely unoriginal, sure, but watchable and even likable.
dull and painfully unfunny
...an attempt at an unironic '80s movie from writers of 'That '70s Show' that's already dated itself, having been made all the way back in 2007, and which more recalls 1998's Jennifer Love Hewitt vehicle "Can't Hardly Wait" than anything from John Hughes.
Like Can't Hardly Wait, it's a curiously straight-faced attempt to make an '80s comedy for an audience too young to remember the halcyon days of Alf.
Feels like an '80s relic in a bad way, and an utterly perplexing project in 2011.
...the comic tone is both strained and straining...
It's only sporadically amusing and it's certainly not original, unless the definition of original has been broadened to include copies of things that were original twenty-five years ago.
Misses the mark by a considerable margin...[Its] failure to approximate the formula it's reaching for leads you to think it should have been called 'You Can't Go Home Again.'
Trapped between traditional coming-of-age sympathy and brazen nostalgia, presumably aimed at a generation that's stopped going to the movies...emotions are clear but the storytelling is muddled.
If you're looking for some laughs and teen comedies are your thing, or in this case comedies involving twenty somethings, having one last fling at being teenagers, for what it is, Take Me Home Tonight fits the bill.
A celebration of '80s cliches that don't deserve a reunion.
Set for some reason in a crassly materialist 1988 that combines Less Than Zero with Animal House, Tonight comes up with some inspired bits...
An overly familiar, almost unnecessary film about youth loss and alienation; no wonder the movie sat on the shelves for a long time.
Smart and funny tribute to the R-rated comedies of the 1980s.
It does possess a certain backward-glancing innocent appeal.
Topher Grace and Dan Fogler star in Michael Dowse's aggressively unfunny film which seeks the lowest common denominator in nearly every scene.
Another forgettable entry in the already overfilled ranks of middling boys-will-be-boys rib-ticklers.
Ignore the third act and just submit to the casting. Lively interplay and a great, evocative soundtrack more or less consistently impose a mood of effervescent, if slight, amusement.
Misses the Hughes sensitive-raunch sweet spot, though a game supporting cast hits bull's-eyes on lesser targets.
There's really no harm in putting yourself on cruise control to take this one in. However, it's certainly not necessary.
Take Me Home Tonight is a pleasant-enough all-in-one-night comedy, featuring a protagonist facing the classic Graduate-like existential dilemma of post-college paralysis.
Where Adventureland announced an allegiance to freak-scene '80s culture and made a vital detail of one character's fluffing the title of a Lou Reed song, there's nothing so specific in Take Me Home Tonight.



@highlight

It has a charming sweetness about it, but Take Me Home Tonight is neither funny nor original enough to live up to the comedies it evokes.