Might not be in the first tier of holiday classics, but its winning cast led by its captivating star make this one you'll want to keep in your Christmas viewing rotation.
Formulaic but sometimes winning comedy.
Queen Latifah remains here an utterly imperturbable, warm and human presence.
A nice little romantic comedy which also packs an emotional punch.
Here at least, Latifah has only two modes: heavily constipated and sass-tastic.
If you had three weeks left to live, I wouldn't recommend you spend your precious time watching this.
It's not exactly distinguished, but pleasantly warm-hearted, and the sort of thing you might enjoy on afternoon TV when laid up with the flu.
It's obvious where "Last Holiday" goes and at times it takes too long to get there, but watching Latifah work her style and spirit when she gets to the Grandhotel Pupp is pure enjoyment.
Not the worst movie ever made -- no thanks to Latifah.
A wish fulfilment fantasy dressed up with a shopping spree, a gorgeous mountain resort in Europe, a world class chef creating new menus every day, champagne, exotic massage and health spa, snow capped scenery and linen to die for
Wayne Wang keeps things on an even keel, with good supporting performances from LL Cool J as Latifah's romantic interest, Timothy Hutton as a corporate villain and Alicia Witt as Hutton's secretary/mistress.
Latifah is the risk-taking spark in a film that takes few chances of its own.
Is Wayne Wang going to keep remaking Maid In Manhattan until he gets it right? Well, keep trying Wayne.
Money can buy you happiness in this inferior remake - although its makeover storyline may please fans of The Princess Diaries et al.
It's clear that Queen Latifah is a proper, old school movie star - the camera loves her and her constantly upbeat screen persona is extremely likeable. It's just a shame that studios don't seem able to find a decent vehicle for her talents.
At best it's a bumpy ride through predictable territory.
[Latifah] shows both comedic and dramatic range, and garners sympathy despite the script's lack of depth.
This is a terrific story with lots of wonderful ideas swirling around inside it, and a few genuinely wonderful sequences. But the film suffers from a complete lack of attitude or style.
"Last Holiday" is more than a story that lets us escape. It's a story we'd like to believe could actually happen.
Set in a luxurious locale and awash in generosity for its characters, even the mean ones, Last Holiday delivers the glamour and sentimentality associated with classic movies.
[Latifah] makes you easily sympathize with her character, even as you're aware of the plot's utter contrivance.
Note to Queen Latifah: I have almost forgiven you for the inexcusable "Taxi" now.
...an admittedly inconsequential yet undeniably uplifting piece of work...
Queen Latifah has such an engaging on-screen persona that she's able to make gem out of what would have otherwise been a lump of coal of a movie.
You can wait to see the Last Holiday during the 'off-season' rates.
Last Holiday is the kind of film perfectly suited for those in the mood for something that doesn't require much more than a willingness to settle in for some warmhearted silliness. On that level, it's delicious.
While nowhere near the quality of the Alec Guinness/J.B. Priestley original, this isn't an outright travesty.
Latifah is warm and winning but her movie is predictable from beginning to end.
The most surprisingly satisfying Hollywood comedy in ages.
Last Holiday is one of those perfect fantasy movies that somehow works in spite of itself...sometimes pat, sometimes a feel great movie, even when occasionally it trips over its own skis.
Queen Latifah turns this less-than-regal dish into the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
Last Holiday is another anemic female empowerment fable that never really sustains its clunky momentum... feels misplaced in its aimless adventurous skin.
If we are to live in a world of movies in which women are comically diagnosed with brain diseases and discover their moxie through base jumping in the Czech Republic, let us at least have Queen Latifah's brass to add a bass note to the treacle.
Though the movie isn't the 'Holiday' from hell, it's not one you should be anxious to go off on.
The script is so bland it could belong to one of those ABC Family Channel movies "starring" the third lead from a cancelled sitcom.
...and while the terrific cast has managed to wrestle a less-than-average script to the ground, it's still rather rank.
Filmmaker Wayne Wang follows Maid in Manhattan and Because of Winn Dixie with another dollop of harmless entertainment.
Latifah is as charming and sassy as always. ... Someday, she'll find a script that can match her magnificent personality.
Georgia is a lovable character we can't help but root for.
One wishes director Wayne Wang, who depends far too much on madcap action to keep his movie moving, had as much confidence in Latifah herself.
It may not be much -- it's a remake of a 1950 Alec Guinness film -- but it is as bright as a Christmas bauble.
In its corny, cartoonish way, it even suggests a generosity of spirit that's faithful to the 1950 original.
An awful lot makes no sense in Jeffrey Price and Peter Seaman's script, starting with its basic premise.
Instead of deft comedy with a depth charge of feeling, we have now a contraption festooned with cute sparkles and tiny heart grabs.
Last Holiday remake returns to the era of the original 56 years ago, when films made all sorts of leaps to sell their concepts.
The film's larger arc and plot twists leave quite a bit to be desired. But Wang's overall delicate touch makes Last Holiday tolerable.
A sweetly comic film that gives Queen Latifah her most satisfying role to date.
Last Holiday is not a movie that will tax anyone's brain cells. But as diversions go, it is pleasant, a nice escape from winter's doldrums.
The movie, which is directed by Wayne Wang (The Joy Luck Club, Smoke) leads to a predictable but smile-worthy conclusion.
This is a movie with lots of great cuisine, and precious little flava.
Latifah's carpe diem spirit sustains the picture, even when the script is carpe dumb.
Last Holiday is a thoroughly mediocre dramedy.
The Queen never lets us down.
Last Holiday isn't much more than a fantasy, but it's a sweet one, and it's far more worthy of attention than such hideous garbage as Rumor Has It . . . .
The real radiance in this sumptuous, likable fantasy-fulfillment comedy comes from Queen Latifah.
A mild, fangless, forgettable thing that entertains some and offends little, barring one obnoxious subcontinental stereotype and a cloying urge to make everybody chipper at the end.
The pace drags, the stunt double work is obvious and the slapstick, especially a ski-hill scene, is contrived and extended.
Move over Julia Roberts... there's a new Queen in town.
Track down the old movie if you crave a real meal.
Wayne Wang directs the film as if he gets an extra commission for each Latifah reaction shot.
Queen Latifah's film career has been marked by a series of big, brassy, bold performances, which is one of the reasons Last Holiday proves to be such a frustrating experience.
a happy surprise... Latifah shines under the direction of Wayne Wang, who turns her into a classic screwball comedy heroine.
For a movie about overcoming fear and living out loud, Last Holiday's too-tidy conclusion isn't a sign of hope so much as a lack of nerve.
Really what Holiday is about is Latifah.
This remake of a 1950 Alec Guinness vehicle isn't a great flick, but Latifah's exuberant performance and a live your dream message compensate greatly.
Last Holiday floats along on the broad shoulders of one of our most able dramatic comedians. Without her, it would sag like a punctured souffle.
Admirably avoiding the burlesque fish-out-of-water/makeover movie one might fear, Last Holiday is as joyful and winsome as Georgia turns out to be.
Last Holiday, in its feathery, good-hearted way, is enough to give you pause.
The film quite misses the point of casting LL Cool J as romantic object: he's only visible some 20 minutes total.
One might gladly exercise the film's carpe-diem moral by concluding that life is too short for movies like Last Holiday.
The film proffers both a fantasy of wealth and the reassurance that money isn't what really matters.
No, the movie begins and ends with Latifah, and director Wang and his two writers wisely keep the focus squarely upon both her and her character's butterfly-like transformation.
Without Queen Latifah, Last Holiday would have been a somewhat tedious vacation, despite its beautiful setting.
somehow the conviction that Queen Latifah brings to the project makes some of the film's dopier choices easier to forgive.
Holiday belongs with those formulaic comedies that bug critics as they please crowds.
...more of an éclair than a hearty meal... for those seeking light diversion...
Finally, a heartfelt comedy that goes down easy.
The movie completely falls apart. It doesn't make any sense, any of it.
A better way to seize the day would be to do something other than sitting through the sitcomedic Last Holiday.
Traps a nice character and a lovely performance in a morass of stupid contrivances and useless complications.
Holiday certainly is harmless entertainment, but considering the pedigree of the talent here, the final product is more than a little disappointing.
not a horrible movie, but it often lacks the spark and magical inspiration it aspires to impart on the audience
... overlong (it's almost two hours) and unfocused, but thanks to Latifah, at least you're in amiable company.
An appealing morality play in which Queen Latifah demonstrates a warm embrace of life with humor and humanity.
There are some funny gags interspersed among the undistinguished ones, but Wang's direction has little snap or wit, and the movie overall is too fixated on the laborious task of massaging our universal self-esteem.
Georgia saves the world one Abramoff at a time.
The frothy Last Holiday serves its purpose: amusing escapism.
At times it feels like an extended trailer for itself with silly set-pieces (Georgia base-jumps! Georgia cooks with the chef!), but we are on her side all the way and when the happily-ever-ending arrives, we're as happy as she is.
It's far from a five-hanky snifflefest, even for softies, but thanks to Latifah's talent, you'll say 'Awwww, that was sweet' when the credits roll.
This story of a gentle soul (Queen Latifah) who learns to live only after learning of her imminent death is as witless as it is formulaic.
While there is something undeniably enjoyable about watching someone likable enjoy themselves, it's not enough to make a good movie.
Latifah proves once again the weird parallels between rap stardom and movie stardom. Both formats seem to be about a magical something called presence, and Latifah, even in a dialed-down, quiet role like this one, has it.
The Queen is in fine form, but this particular throne is a bit rickety.
Almost makes you want to cash in your IRA and live it up.
...strictly by the numbers, but, as with Beauty Shop, the Oscar-nominated Queen Latifah has the talent to give sub-par material a likability factor.
The most fatal pitfall is a purely Hollywood ending that would be enraging if it wasn't such an obvious foregone conclusion.
This isn't the sort of movie that's meant to surprise, but it is a movie that gets better as it goes.
The Last Holiday would be predictable even if it weren't a remake, but that isn't necessarily a drawback. On the contrary, it actually adds a boost to the movie's feel-good format.
Last Holiday plays like a hug. When a movie can do that, a strange transformation takes place.
If Last Holiday were a song, it'd be one of Earth, Wind and Fire's brassier anthems of uplift and self-realization.
We may know exactly where we're going, but the journey is so much fun, all but the most peevish audience members will find it impossible to complain.
She's (Queen Latifa) the unexpected and hugely effective star of Last Holiday, a pleasant trifle made far better than it should be by her effortless charm and expansive spirit.
Whether performing a thrilling, impromptu church spiritual or making a grand entrance in a shimmering red chiffon gown, Queen Latifah fills every frame of the film with her uncorked generosity of spirit.
Everything that sounds wrong about this project is.
...A slight film, sometimes droll, sometimes whimsical, and usually sharp.
There may be a workable middle ground between the milieus of Robin Leach and Dr. Phil, but this film sure isn't it.
If you really want to live life to the fullest, step one is to avoid wasting an hour and a half of your life in a theater showing Last Holiday.
Queen Latifah's performance saves what might have been an otherwise ordinary romantic comedy from just being another toss-away effort.
The movie as a whole acquits itself with grace and charm that if not enough to overcome its flaws, is enough to make it mildly palatable.
A chaste and tepid remake.
Vacillates between laughless humor and cheap social commentary.
The gifted and charming Latifah deserves a better role than the bunch of cliche's she's asked to propogate about the wonders of American consumerism in this fluffy and inconsequential remake of the far superior 1950 Alec Guinness comedy.
Latifah ensures that Last Holiday is often very charming and never less than pleasant.
This is the Queen Latifah performance I've been waiting for ever since she broke into movies.
One of the most likable performers in the business, Queen Latifah finally gets a vehicle that gives her formidable talents and expansive spirit plenty of blooming room.



@highlight

Although Queen Latifah's bountiful life-affirming spirit permeates the film, director Wayne Wang is unable to revive this remake with any real flair.