Winner of 14 different awards, it comes from the gifted Anders Thomas Jensen, who excels in black comedy
A film that asks us to have a pretty high tolerance of easy stereotypes and most of its comedy comes because you're not sure what else to do but laugh. When the ironic reversal kicks in, the film turns semi-serious and gets, if anything, a little boring.
The actors play this darkly funny material as if they are in a deadly serious Shakespearean drama, highlighting the situation's many absurdities
Horis na dokimazei Dogma-tika tis antohes soy, den einai liges oi fores poy tis apsifa paizontas me to rythmo, eno i halari ploki einai profanes oti den endiaferetai kai idiaitera na soy dosei heroylia na piasteis
Another delightful film from the Netherlands, this one about an oblivious priest and a Neo-Nazi who inadvertently finds redemption.
This Danish comedy, like most of that country's dramas, is dark, dark, dark. The film's humor offers an odd blend of subversively sly narrative mixed with bursts of sudden, sharp violence and goofy slapstick.
This oddball story is more than a one-joke concept. Its characters are sometimes cruel, sometimes sweet, but always recognizably human.
Jensen is an accomplished screenwriter with a knack for developing people amid comic nonsense.
The movie is all surface, loudly clamoring for attention and then losing its voice.
Some will see this as a movie about how we're all God's children. I saw only the misanthropic fulminations of Jensen's runaway ego.
For most of its length it's wonderfully wicked -- Jensen actually forces us to sympathize with the neo-Nazi's attitude toward the minister -- but the ending unfortunately mitigates the nastiness ...
Strong direction, solid acting, and a script as crisp and juicy as freshly picked apples. A solid "A" film.
Its screenplay attempts to blend outrageous black humor with biblical allegory in an ultimately unsuccessful fashion.
Director Jensen (who co-scripted After the Wedding) breaks away from Dogme to make a more stylized film, using a controlled surface that disarms us with surreal happenings and well-executed absurdity.
Deliciously profane, dark and somber, Denmark's Adam's Apples is fiendishly ripe for the picking.
Pushes the boundaries of weirdness, yet manages to be a moving look into faith and redemption.
The path that Jensen plots is one full of the improbable and unlikely, but never the impossible.
Adam's Apples strives for black comedy, but winds up being neither funny nor spiritually enlightening.
Smart-aleck comedy and spirituality aren't incompatible, but in Adam's Apples they cancel each other out.
I'm sure there's a decent black comedy in the material, but Adam's Apples, by Danish director Anders Thomas Jensen, isn't it.
As intelligent as it is entertaining, and it's the source of great good humor.
Designed to elicit as many gasps as laughs, Anders Thomas Jensen's pitch-black comedy offers an audaciously skewed take on good vs. evil.
Peculiar but oddly winsome fable about the spiritual journeys of two diametrically opposed characters.
Jensen's film is absolutely fearless. Much like Borat, this one brazenly pushes buttons and shatters taboos most other dark comedies avoid like the plague.
For all its roughhouse antics, Adam's Apples is almost improbably sweet: a rude comedy that the devout and heathen alike can hold to their breasts.
A noxious, flippant mix of snark and biblical allegory.
With the most bizarre characters we have seen in film for quite some time, this strange comedy leaves the viewer constantly off- balance.
Features some nice humor, dry as an Empire apple left to wither and brown at room temperature, its juice sucked out but still pleasant to the taste.
Go-to screenwriter for the Dogma 95 collective, Danish writer-director Anders Thomas Jensen hits a decidedly sour note with Adam's Apples.
I just wasn't, it turns out, the ideal audience for man's allegorical way of dealing with the demonic weightiness of the world.
An odd, blacker-than-black comedy that's almost impossible to describe.
Adam's Apples slams together good and evil for maximum black-comedy impact.
Adam ends up learning a lot of important life lessons, but this isn't sappy storytelling.
Jensen doesn't pretend it's cute and/or harmless -- there's a fascinating ambiguity to the happy fantasy laid over the misery and failure.
We have a comedy black enough to make even the most jaded viewer cringe a little.



@highlight

Good and evil collide with interesting results in Adam's Apples , a dark Biblical allegory that's alternatively funny and shocking.