The film's main source of horror - the spirits - seemed like they were borrowed from previous horror films. They're intended to be scary but having seen similar ones so many times before.
"Insidious" ultimately works because of Mr. Whannell's script, which manages to be inventive and unpredictable despite its paint-by-numbers formalism.
A tale of intriguing situations that rise to the surface carefully and cautiously before they explode in a flashy series of stimulating resolutions.
Finds a pitch-perfect balance between homage and originality.
This is a movie that wants to be several movies at once. It turns out to be none of them.
Insidious is effectively creepy and is able to provide some great horror elements without the gore.
After a suspenseful and shock-filled first hour, it loses control and veers off into routine supernatural silliness. I hate it when that happens.
The best horror movies get the audience talking back to the screen. "Insidious" manages that, and how...
About as subtle as a fart at a séance
There's nothing wrong with its standard set up which has an unsuspecting family haunted by spirits. However, when it comes time for the film to follow through on the plotline, we find out the filmmakers weren't quite up to the task.
Reminds of those mazes during Halloween, where figures jump out of the shadows and attempt to scare you--and one look at them beyond a second reveals them to be obnoxious people in even more obnoxious makeup.
Insidious clearly borrows from several sources, but where it fails as a narrative, it succeeds as a shock-a-minute fright fest with plenty of atmosphere and dread.
The ending struggles to explain too much and take itself a bit too literally, but mostly Insidious is an engaging treat.
It may be an essentially shallow ride, but it will make you scared of the dark again. It is a strangely comforting to be reminded of what that feels like.
There is much to recommend in this reunion of the creative forces behind the dazzling first Saw movie.
For all its creaky-old-dark-house cliches, Insidious is a fun ghost-train ride, full of truly terrifying moments. But once it's over, it's forgotten.
Director James Wan here proves himself very adept at building dramatic tension and making you anxious about the things going on in your peripheral vision.
Is this reminding you of anything? Like, say 77.2% of any horror movies ever made?
Insidious is certainly part of a great tradition of scary films, but it's a little too bland and visually unappealing to be memorable.
They're having such a joke on us because there is a ridiculous element to it and one of the things that I think they fall into the trap of showing too much. Horror and being scared is much more effective without actually seeing.
If the film was attempting to be more than just a horror movie, it doesn't work on that level either.
Insidious is very much a 21st century modern horror movie, which is to say it's more interested in tricks and scares than 'horror'.
Insidious is happy enough with elevating your breathing pattern every now and then, as opposed to choking you outright with one shock after another.
While the third act descends into silliness, for the most part this is a superbly crafted and genuinely scary flick that borrows brilliantly from horror classics.
It's intelligent, it's well-paced, it's packed with both unsettling scenes and pop-up shocks that never feel cheap.
For the majority of its running time Insidious is a scary good time at the movies.
This is a good ol' fashioned haunting, one with a tangible atmosphere, strong performances and plenty of skin-crawling scares.
Wan uses the lack of lighting, shaky camera and creepy music to keep us watching intently.
Insidious is quite scary and a lot of fun to go along with, as scare scenes are mixed up and played with in a way where I felt shortchanged with Sam Raimi's return-to-roots, Drag Me To Hell.
This is not the rollicking rollercoaster frightfest Paranormal Activity 1 and 2 were, nor is it a playful genre throwback like Drag Me To Hell, or even a touching family film like Poltergeist (which Insidious apes most).
Conjures up a nightmarish quality that I found difficult to shake off.
A haunting horror story at its core, but there are some decent flourishes with new ideas that make it worthwhile for fans of the genre
Insidious makes it fun to be scared. The scares are creepy rather than terrifying but they build up nicely and with some tongue-in-cheek
[S]cary, funny, thrilling, and deliciously meta all at the same...
The jump to more outré ghost-train-style horror is perhaps a tad blunt, but it remains scary enough to make it easy to buy into the supernatural ride it's intent on taking you on.
It's a case of tribute working to the top of its game. It's horror film trickery that immerses us, once again.
A supernatural horror flick by and for horror buffs.
A good thrill ride for younger audiences not familiar with the likes of Poltergiest or Wan's favourite 1991 TV movie The Haunted.
There are enough jolts, jumps and bursts of gallows humour along the way to recommend it to fans of scary movies.
For the most part it's standard stuff.
Insidious wouldn't scare a nervous dormouse.
Once the lights have come up you realise that behind the beautifully choreographed frights, there was very little going on.
Good for a handful of jumps and guilty giggles before it quickly reaches for the slipshod, hokey contrivances you don't expect until number 2 or 3 in the franchise.
Plays out in such a high, trilling key of baroque anxiety it's both jumpy and ludicrous.
Scared? You bet. Entertained? Totally ... baby monitors are definitely the scariest and most evil things ever invented.
The film reminded me of the first Poltergeist while simultaneously delivering some new language to the haunted house conversation...
The film is the work of director James Wan and writer Leigh Whannell, who founded the Saw franchise. But Insidious, with its haunted house predictability, is pale stuff by comparison.
Derivative as it is, Insidious is competent enough, there are a few genuine scares and the final shock twist is an effective cinematic sucker-punch.
The tone is reminiscent of Sam Raimi's Drag Me to Hell, but this film is actually more spine-tingling.
Wan and Whannell have done wonders with a tiny budget and horror fans will enjoy being scared, but it's a shame that Insidious doesn't finish nearly as well as it starts.
Not so much insidious as inconsequential.
Derivative, uneven and frequently tedious, Insidious wastes a talented cast and is nowhere near as scary as it thinks it, though it does deliver a few cheap shocks, if you like that sort of thing.
The film never approaches being scary, but its colossal silliness makes it both intriguing and unpredictable.
Like the ghouls and ghosties confronted by its characters, Insidious overstays its welcome.
Not so much insidious as inexcusable.
When this unpretentious genre piece says boo, you'll jump all right - and it is canny enough in its management of the uncanny to have you laughing too.
A film that simply will not relent in its scares and surprises.
Saw creators Whannell and Wan return with a horror movie creepy enough to borrow under your skin.
A high-concept horror that oozes atmosphere and unease without relying on computer-generated effects or buckets of gore.
There's always some chump happy to claim that any given horror film was so scary they were "whimpering in sheer terror". Difference with Insidious is, the damn thing's so scary I actually WAS whimpering in sheer terror.
Promising and, in places, highly effective, this haunted-house variant more than fulfils its Friday Night fright flick duties but could have pushed through to a whole new plane.
Just when Insidious is starting to look slightly less scary than a winter gas bill, Wan and Whannell manage to reapply some intensity to the story.
Like a campfire story told well, it understands that the basic ability to catch you off guard is more effective than a lot of unnecessary flourishes.
Yes, the 'Saw' guys can scare the daylights out of you even with a PG-13 rating. Director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell made the original 'Saw' movie.
... efficient, imaginative and effective ...
Insidious is old-fashioned in the best sense.
A well-orchestrated mix of foreboding atmosphere, discordant music, and visual freak-outs
Possession and astral travel combine for some neck-popping good fun.
Wan and Whannell have, in effect, ripped pages from the "Poltergeist" playbook and stripped the formulas down to old-style gothic scares.
The delicious kind of creepy that makes for a great night at the movies if you're into that sort of thing.
Director Wan and writer Whannell keeps things quiet at first, the creepy kind of quiet where the ticking of a clock creates an unbearably tantalizing tension.
A cute old-fashioned frightfest.
Invariably puts some quirky personal spin on the things it borrows, in turn creating one of the most enjoyably eccentric horror movies in quite some time.
Scary enough to be fun but not scary enough to gross you out - and there is a difference!
Keep that in mind, horror directors and screenwriters: nothing kills terror better than a pair of indie-rock-Mormon-missionary-looking ghostbusters.
The demons in Insidious, or malefic spirits, or whatever they are, could be whipped up in a couple of hours in time for a Halloween party. In a way, that's kind of cool.
It's not scary, it's just surprising and surprise is not the same thing as horror.
If there's a complaint to be made about Insidious, it's that the film's second half is unable to live up to the impossibly high standards set by the first half.
For scares alone, "Insidious" deserves an "A." It may not be very original, but for a fun trip through a haunted house, it works exceedingly well.
Relying on familiar devices like startling sounds, ominously opening doors and incomprehensible mumbo-jumbo about astral-projection and demonic possession, it's a deja-'boo,' a waste of time and money.
While it's probably time to call for a moratorium on both haunted-house thrillers and creepy-child sagas, Insidious milks a bit of innovativeness from both these sub-genres before self-destructing.
But at a certain point the bottom falls out of this production, the filmmakers letting things get increasingly silly and ludicrous unleashing a final climactic flourish of lunacy and tedium that had me scratching my head as to what exactly just happened.
Wan knows that what we're paying for is to be scared deep in our bones, and that images glimpsed and hinted at are orders of magnitude more unsettling than buckets of blood and viscera.
Insidious is actually not a bad horror movie (that's probably because it's not much more than Poltergeist with fewer killer trees).
Insidious is a haunted house story. In some ways it's smarter than most.
Insidious isn't scary. It's laughable. And kind of sad.
At its foundation, it's a movie I like. It's what's built on that foundation that's troubling.
Saw creators James Wan and Leigh Whannell take a crack at an old-fashioned ghost story, and the results are pretty creepy: ominous shadows, strange noises and glimpses of freaky things flitting through the dark.
Essentially, it's a retread of Poltergeist, about a haunted house that more or less "kidnaps" a child, but it has its own unique spin. It's an old tale told in a new way.
Don't even get me started on the sublime asininity of the cloven-hoofed, fire-faced demon thingee that, for no reason I can fathom, resembles, almost exactly, Darth Maul. Seriously. Don't.
It's a horror show all right. Stilted line readings creep hand-in-demonic claw with pacing that could induce rigor. If only Mrs. Gas Mask Psychic could have warned us in advance ...
For one loopy moment, when the trilly sound of 'Tiptoe Through the Tulips' mysteriously wafts through the spook-plagued California home, it seems as if the story's unfortunate family is being haunted by the ghosts of Tiny Tim and his ukulele.
James Wan knows his horror tricks -- even though "Insidious" has just a PG-13 rating, there were people jumping out of seats all through the auditorium.
James Wan's Insidious is both an apology for the numbing 'Saw' sequels and proof old-school horror still rocks.
To director James Wan's credit, Insidious is really creepy. Not good. But creepy.
The film delivers haunted house-type scares throughout but I just wish the second half was as good as the first. Wait for the flick to come out on DVD.
There's little new here. And what is new isn't well done.
Insidious is a crashing bore, and will likely only frighten people who have never seen any horror movies.
'Insidious' benefits from being buoyed by its first hour or so. Overall a better watch than teentalk advance publicity would lead one to expect.
[Insidious] has been made so skillfully that even those not normally disposed to such things may well find it an engrossing night at the movies.
The tension is nicely handled in the first half, but once it's time to start paying off with proper horror, Wan falls back on the same imagery he always uses.
Nothing slows down a movie down like people sitting around a living room discussing the meaning of "astral projection."
Insidious feels like a traditional, old fashioned horror movie in all of the right ways.
The movie is called "Insidious," but "Insipidious" would be more appropriate.
A poor man's Poltergeist.
"Insidious" establishes that these folks can make a film that operates on an entirely different level, sans gore, or obvious gimmicks. And make flesh crawl.
When a pair of goofy (and unamusing) ghostbusters and their medium boss (Lin Shaye) show up, Insidious takes a tragic turn toward the stupid.
The most the James Wan film has is ear-piercing sound effects with quick cuts to scary faces. Of course you'll jump, but you'll also jump if someone runs behind you and screams in your eardrum -- this is the same effect as 'Insidious.'
It's the haunted house that cliché built.
The strongest analogue for the second half of "Insidious" is one that the filmmakers probably weren't trying for: it feels like a less poetic version of an M. Night Shyamalan fairy tale.
Tiny Tim's legacy might not have been to terrify the living hell out of people, but that is what it will be once this movie gets done with him.
It's too much "Saw" and not enough "Paranormal."
From the opening credits, in which the title appears in blood-red letters to the accompaniment of blaring, dissonant music, the movie tries to get under your skin and inside your mind. Sometimes it does.
There's not much that's insidious, or subtle, here. A prolonged scene involving an unnerving high-pitched burglar alarm does get under our skin. But it's far more annoying than frightening.
Until the misguided last act, 'Insidious' manages to generate some genuine chills and a few chuckles...Unlike the best horror films, though, it probably won't stick with you long after the lights come up.
There are enough quality scares and inspired jolts to keep the most passionate horror buffs screaming happily.
The film is weighed down by too many forehead-palming lapses and an overall sense of "been there."
Here's a better-than-average spook house movie, mostly because Insidious decides it can haunt an audience without spraying it with blood.
The final shocker succeeds in shocking, and does so sans gore. But first we have to wade through a red door and a red hallway, pleas to "follow my voice,'' and an infinity of fog about as scary as dry ice vapor spilling onto a dance floor.
All calculation aside, scary is still scary, and Insidious makes up in old-fashioned tension what it sometimes lacks in originality.
The film begins well, bridges the middle with a comically creepy set piece, then goes to hell in a hand basket with a poorly conceived climax that serves no scares.
Not terrifically good, but moviegoers will get what they're expecting.
If your idea of a fun night out is to be manipulated by freaky sound effects, jumpy edits, and point-of-view shots of ceiling fans whooshing menacingly, Insidious is the film for you.
If the audience I watched this with is any indication, laughter will be drowning out the creaks, atonal chords, and snatches of Tiny Tim's "Tiptoe through the Tulips" that are meant to scare you on the soundtrack.
It gets a little baroque in the final reel, but "Insidious" stays disciplined - the horror derives from the way the demon tests the strength of maternal/paternal bonds.
more a humdinger of a missed opportunity than a total disaster.
Wan feels torn between telling a scary story and making a "scary" movie, and the viewer is ultimately stranded between the two impulses.
builds legitimate haunted-house dread ... [but] at a very specific point ... possession turns jokey and hokey.
Save for "Two Girls and One Cup," I'm able to sit through anything. Very little bothers me the way "Insidious" bothered me. Disturbed me. Ran its ice-cold finger down the length of my spine, chilling me to the core.
Aesthetically, Insidious operates at the level of a decent high school video project.
Mixing POLTERGEIST with Disney's Haunted Mansion ride, a staggeringly disappointing and silly second half mars INSIDIOUS' strong, scary first half.
The film is stylish and quietly unsettling even in its derivativeness, and it delivers the sort of slow-building chills that ruffle the hair at the back of your neck, at least until the frights get a little too literal, in the movie's third act.
Director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell admire all sorts of fright, from the blatant to the insidiously subtle. This one lies at an effective halfway point between those extremes.
Horror movies haven't been this fun in a very long time
If you've never seen a thriller involving eerie images of mysterious kids, creepy old people, creaky doors or demons in the window, now you can find them all in one place.
Wan and Whannell have come a long way since Saw, but they still have a little further to go.
Strong, extraordinarily disciplined horror flick. No cheap scares here.
It turns out to be a moderately effective suburban-family creep show, majorly in debt to "Poltergeist" and "The Exorcist" and capturing at least a little of their spirit.
Wan actually makes an appealing ruckus with Insidious, a derivative but effective scare machine pulled off with a certain gusto, making the viewing experience a treat for those who enjoy their shock jump cinema.
Insidious is a haunted-house movie that has some of the most shivery and indelible images I've seen in any horror film in decades.
The actors are commended for keeping straight faces throughout, with Wilson and Shaye going beyond the call of authenticity. It isn't easy to wear that gas mask or feign a twitching trance without appearing foolish, but they don't.
The film's low-budget atmospherics and clichéd floor-creakings are a poor substitute for Wan's nauseating impact of yore.
No blood, no gore, no hacked-off arms and legs, but plenty of creepy set pieces, quick cuts and blasts of music that will have you both squirming in your seat and jumping out of it.
Its plot, ripped off from The Amityville Horror, shows so little psychological or occult logic that it exposes its own sheer dumbness as just a series of spookings.
Insidious is the kind of movie you could watch with your eyes closed and still feel engrossed by it.
It doesn't build a better haunted house but, when on its game, reminds us of the genre's pleasures.
A possession thriller less terrifying than fun.
A surprising number of these gotcha moments have the desired effect, and the picture's first hour strings them along through a familiar tale.
James Wan's most effective film as a director and one of the scariest and creepiest movies in some time.
If Polgergeist is the Disneyland Mansion of spookhouse movies, Insidious is a small-town Haunted Hayride, filled with low-fi jumps and punctuated with giggles.
Wan strikes just the right notes of ever-building suspense as he establishes the trouble that befalls the Lamberts, but when Elise and her team enter the picture, Insidious goes off the rails.
By the time the absurdly deflating finale rolls around, Wan has managed to not only botch his own film, but sully the one cool element of Star Wars Episode One: The Phantom Menace as well.
Yet another been-there-done-that horror pic.
A little 'Nightmare on Elm Street,' part 'Exorcist' and a hint of 'Paranormal Activity.' Honors genre expectations while delivering a fresh and horrifyingly unpredictable experience.
The kind of bold, high quality horror film genre fans deserve but rarely receive.
The film, a collaboration of the makers of Saw and Paranormal Activity, is uneven: first half, which evokes Poltergeist, is really scary and spooky, but second is nonsensical and too reliant on technology.
The thing is scary as hell when it's all creaks and thumps and doors swinging open. Then come the explanations, the special effects, and the inevitable feeling of been-there-been-bombarded-by-that.
Genuinely scary in some parts, downright silly in others, and undeniably entertaining as a whole, Insidious is both a tribute and solid entry in the ever expanding demonic possession sub-genre.
Less film than funhouse ride, but it's a frequently scary funhouse ride that presents itself as such.
"Insidious" has a few good shock surprises accompanied by jolting music, but it doesn't have what it takes to sustain any real terror.
Whatever flaws it may have, Insidious scared the hell out of me.
Its descent into gimmicky bollocks is quick and unrelenting.
A creepy and atmospheric supernatural horror tale that plays a lot like a modern day Poltergeist with a decidedly retro aesthetic.
A solid horror movie.
Looking up the word Insidious in the dictionary is a more fulfilling experience than seeing the movie Insidious.
Undoubtedly James Wan's best movie since 2004's Saw...
This is no trifle aimed at undiscerning teenagers on a slow weekend. It is ruthlessly calculated to scare the bejeezus out of you.
A really mature, perceptive view of the supernatural. Leigh Whannell's script incorporates spiritual powers and philosophy... a new vision of the world beyond our own.
A love letter to [director] James Wan's favorite movie, Poltergeist, this spooky story follows a young couple and their children into a new home... and into the pit of darkness when an evil presence makes its insidious intentions known.



@highlight

Aside from a shaky final act, Insidious is a very scary and very fun haunted house thrill ride.