Elaine speaks of love magic and seduction, and Biller's film has the same enchanting effect on the audience.
Biller is a preternaturally gifted filmmaker whose unique formal approach is thoroughly in service to an intellectual worldview. From the first shot, The Love Witch announces its artifice.
The Love Witch counters the darkness of its black magic with an abundance of nostalgic camp and a high level of naked titillation.
At times wickedly funny and blunt, this film is as unique in its presentation as it is retro in style, with a magnetic lead character who takes us on a journey we are positive we've seen before, only as a reflection of a reflection.
Anna Biller's bravura slice of burlesque cinema is at once deliciously innovative and delectably old school.
The Love Witch it's fascinating thanks to Samantha Robinson. The actress ends up creating a model monster: irreparably broken, and doomed to never get what she wants. [Full review in Spanish]
Anna Biller has made the most visually captivating retro film of recent years. [Full review in Spanish]
Its smug, glazed beauty walled me off from feeling anything about it except impatience.
... like Burn, Witch, Burn or Hammer's The Witches colliding with a Doris Day sex comedy in the free love hippie culture, all existing in a bubble of sixties style and attitude that is somehow intact in modern day North Coast California.
Biller's challenge of the surface dares us to be mesmerised without being beguiled, and to parse the realm of female agency without demonising its contradictions.
I think it's one of the most interesting, captivating movies I've seen in years, and I look forward to dissecting its lovely, twisted, romantic genius in future viewings.
A side-swiping original that deserves its inevitable cult status.
Lovers of old kitsch movies will appreciate this pastiche, an arch tale of a suburban witch.
A consistently hilarious pastiche of camp 1960s thrillers, this nutty movie plays it dead straight, even though every scene is luridly over the top.
The film offers a brilliant spin on the genre's despicable gender politics, all the while relishing in the pleasures of its outmoded visual style.
This colour saturated world of hokey pocus is truly intoxicating ... [but] I just haven't fallen under The Love Witch's spell
Even if the climax doesn't quite have the kick we might hope for, cult status surely awaits this bewitching oddity.
[A] wonderfully entertaining hybrid of horror-comedy, soapy melodrama and 60s/70s-style sexploitation with a spiky feminist spin.
Embracing Russ Meyer-style kitsch, but overturning the horror genre's sexist tropes, Biller delivers wry comment on the objectification of women in a film that's as smart as it is sumptuous.
A note-perfect parody of the British Technicolor horror films of the Sixties.
The Love Witch goes beyond camp, beyond pastiche; it ignites the pulpy surfaces of its tale and produces a smoke of bad-dream sexiness and scariness. It's a B-movie with A-grade potency.
The mix of am-dram solemnity, grand guignol and Terpsichorean time-tripping is hypnotic.
Even in the film's most far-fetched moments, Biller has trenchant points to make about conservative, middle-class America's fear of female sexuality and the double standards that apply to men and women's romantic behaviour.
It's brash and bright, with a plot that's improbable in the extreme.
A genre-stretching horror melodrama crafted with extraordinary detail and style. A touch languid, it's also mesmerising, provocative, unsettling and sensual.
This smart and sexy comedy comes cloaked in faux innocence; it's a glorious oddity which casts quite the spell.
Biller never lets deadpan fun drop into crude spoofing. Prepare to be bewitched, bothered and bewildered.
A stylised invocation of camp 1960s Technicolor melodrama and 1970s Italian horror recast for an alternate history where the occult and gender roles overlap into feminist critique.
A few more minutes of movie than might be necessary is a small price to pay for what's otherwise a piece of cinematic magic.
The Love Witch works cleverly and determinedly to expose and finally explode the tensions and incomprehensions that our gender norms so often confine us within.
Robinson, who delivers a performance that is alternately ironic and straight, is deft at bringing the whole shebang to life.
This is not a potion fit for everyone, but for a select few, The Love Witch offers powerful magic.
A glorious feast for the senses as well as for the mind.
A wildly assured, confident debut film, and one of the most visually stunning films of the year. (Splice Today)
A retro 1960s film about witches, that puts a spotlight on their supernatural powers to drive men crazy over sex.
Mercilessly carve out a third of the running time, and suddenly we have one of 2016's best, most subversively smart and deliciously entertaining films.
A modern feminist horror tale that rewards deep exploration beneath its admittedly beautiful surface. What looks like it might be simply a pure exercise in style not only invites multiple viewings, it requires them.
Biller sculpts a very unique portrait of that era without putting to shame the films, authors and the elements in which it is inspired. [Full review in Spanish]
. . . unabashedly satisf[ies] female cravings for self-validity, glamour, and, yes, love.
[The Love Witch] is different from any other movies you'll see in this or any other year.
Though it may seem Biller is mountain an assault on delightfully garish exploitation fare - with overemphatic titles like "Vixen!", "Score!" and "The Lickerish Quartet" - that's not quite what she's doing.
A vibrant and eye-catching homage to the Technicolor films of the 1960s, writer/director Anna Biller's The Love Witch is a seductive and clever twist on the gender politics, witch-centric cinema, and pulp storytelling of that era.
Written, directed and edited by Anna Biller, this candy-colored homage to trashy horror and sexploitation is my pick for most visionary film of the year.
If you're prone to acid flashbacks, watch out. Although it takes place in contemporary times (note the cell phones), Biller films the proceedings with a day-glo palette that resembles the Technicolor movies of a bygone era.
Biller proves to be an auteur in the truest sense of the word: she directed, wrote, produced, and edited the film, and created many of the spectacular costumes and set decorations. She also, quite possibly, has created a new cult classic.
There's nothing like The Love Witch, and that's a good thing, for if there were, I seriously doubt I'd be as captivated with this marvelous bit of murderous whimsy as I most assuredly am.
Biller's visual splendor is ... wasted on a mediocre script riddled with structural problems. Scenes follow another willy-nilly, as if moved around late in the process.
It's like a Bewitched episode stretched out to two hours. But boy, is it gorgeous to look at.
Really knows what it's doing. And it's hilariously funny, sometimes in an almost subliminal way.
Is "the Love Witch" a parody? It sure feels like it. But I'm not sure Biller intended it to be one.
It's a lot of fun.
Anna Biller's blissfully strange widescreen appropriation of the trappings of sexploitation, horror and high art, is a rubicund marvel, and a deadpan madhouse comedy... Biller's movie isn't beholden to influence, it's its own wild creature.
While The Love Witch leans heavily on its inspirations, it isn't like anything you've seen before.
If The Love Witch overstays its welcome, it at least has the courtesy to be ravishing to behold.
The results are wildly over-the-top, in a Beyond the Valley of the Dolls-meets-Dark Shadows kind of way, but Biller's commitment to her vision is weirdly endearing.
The fear of female sexuality has been a staple of horror movies forever, but "The Love Witch" does more than simply subvert or parody the erotic underpinnings of the genre.
While "The Love Witch" stalls on occasion, it remains original and provocative, maintaining heat and a touch of cheekiness.
As with giallo, "The Love Witch" features deliberately wooden acting, and can be a little boring at times. But it's a stunningly photographed, fascinating reinterpretation of classic melodrama.
It's cloaked in a retro wardrobe and soundtrack (much of the music, by Italy's Ennio Morricone, is sourced from '60s thrillers) but loaded with irony and a fluid sense of identity.
If you're in the mood for a guilty pleasure, "The Love Witch" is it.
It is a true auteur creation that is absurd and exhilarating, a fun-house mirror reflecting our times and the folly of women who seek to control a patriarchal system by submitting to it.
The Love Witch is some sort of classic.
The best kind of homage or parody, the type that honors every thrill and quirk of the original while improving on it.
this throwback to Gothic sexploitation horror films of the 60's and early 70's ia a feminist contemplation on sexual equality.
It has an artisanal intensity that prevents it from turning into a smug and predictable exercise in political revision.
The film pulsates with furious creative energy, sparking excitement and amazement by way of its decorative twists, intellectual provocations, and astounding humor.
A light as a feather, feminist fantasy where flawed males meet their match during creative displays of eroticized violence.
The movie is relentless in how it poses questions about our culture's way of dealing with the power of female sexuality.
I wanted more from The Love Witch.
Before you surrender to it, just remember that you were warned.
Mere seconds into Anna Biller's candy-colored retro-horror film, you realize this movie is an ornate portal with a beckoning, bejeweled finger, and you're as helpless as one of its titular seducer's hexed-and-sexed victims.
No man can resist the perfect female fantasy - and she certainly is a fantasy.
Purveyors of genre curiosities should definitely put The Love Witch on their list; you'll either fall under its pastel and free love spell or find yourself screaming that you can't handle it. Just like Elaine's victims.
Biller plays with the mixed-up messages that pop culture sends both men and women.
[Biller] is a filmmaker unlike any other working today. I just hope it doesn't take another 10 years for her to make her next one.
A nuanced statement on gender relations whose morals are as flexible as its formal qualities are rigid.
Biller ... emerges as a feminist Russ Meyer skilled at fetishizing archetypal images of narcissism with the exacting eye of a Douglas Sirk.
Got to hand it to Biller - she might have made a "bad" movie, but it's never boring.
Nails the look and spirit of macabre '60s B-movies, but largely leaves chills and thrills out of the brew, resulting in a handsomely crafted curiosity that's far from magical.
Take a deep breath and exhale. The Love Witch is ready to blow your mind.
Anna Biller's Technicolor throwback is a spellbinding feminist delight.
Presided over by the angry spirit of Helen Gurley Brown, Anna Biller's The Love Witch is a sprawling, beguiling world unto itself.
Combines wicked visual juxtapositions, inspired bad acting, and the oddest burlesque show ever in an inordinately entertaining examination of the perils of waiting for Prince Charming.
Only writer-director Anna Biller's second film, The Love Witch affirms not only her skill as a director, but as an auteur.
It's a neo-sexploitation movie with subtle feminist underpinnings.
If only for the staggering, Rachel Maclean-like alternative reality that Biller creates, The Love Witch is a transgressive joy from start to finish.
Anna Biller's The Love Witch is a movie aesthetes of kitsch will embrace with open arms.
Though a little too languid at two hours, The Love Witch is appropriately seductive.
all this [visual attractiveness] is part of the film's seductive artifice, fashioned to mesmerise the viewer in much the way that witch protagonist Elaine uses makeup, dress and wig to lure male lovers by reflecting their fantasies.
The Love Witch may wear its influences on its sleeve, but those sleeves are beautiful.
The Love Witch is a seductive 60s time-capsule that calls back to the technicolor charms of early genre filmmaking.
It's a lovingly crafted ode to little-loved cinema that's secure enough in its obscurantist nostalgia to make a sly joke of its occasional anachronisms ...
This is really quite wonderful.
Biller has created a world of feminine mystique made tangible, colorful and tidy and sensual.
Much more than just a meticulously constructed throwback, The Love Witch is gorgeous, sexy and mesmerising in every way.
There is no denying the fact that The Love Witch is an exercise in self-indulgence, a nostalgia trip, but that doesn't mean it isn't worth indulging in.
Destined to be a cult classic, this sophomore effort by Anna Biller is a heady throwback to the American and European sexploitation horror films of the late '60s and early '70s.
Nothing less than a tour de force of 21st century queer, feminist film.
This spellbinding ode to exploitation films of the 1960s and '70s is impressive not only for its mock-Technicolor hues and period mise-en-scène but also for what lies beneath.
The Love Witch is a kind of horror movie but it's far more than just that. It's as much a vibrant, daring art installation as it is a kind of highly sexualized vintage movie of the week.

@highlight

The Love Witch offers an absorbing visual homage to a bygone era, arranged subtly in service of a thought-provoking meditation on the battle of the sexes.