Dolan's vision, however distracted, remains strong ( ... ) As a writer, director, producer, and actor, he throws himself into the film's disjointed spaces, highlighting the ways in which multiple and contradictory states can be inhabited simultaneously
Wonderful performances, poignant story, light tone and nifty visuals add up to a smart art-house package. Should hold appeal well beyond the gay crowd.
As a director, Mr. Dolan has a freewheeling style, and he's self-dramatizing enough to want to call attention to it without being too much of a visual show-off.
This just might be as close as we'll ever get to seeing "Catcher in the Rye" on the screen. Truly hilarious.
For Dorval's acting alone, the film is a must-see. Add to that Dolan's own petulant performance, knowing eye for character detail, offbeat camera set-ups and assured direction, and the movie becomes a blissful character study. It's fabulous.
There's much to praise, especially the oh-so-real dialogue, but true psychological penetration is lacking and Dolan's hunger to prove his talent results in a superfluity of styles.
The film is annoyingly atelene.
Uneven but funny and audacious adolescent comedy from a talented beginner.
(Xavier) Dolan's perceptive portrait isn't particularly nuanced but it does have the slap of honesty...
click to read full review
If the attention Dolan pays to his character's struggle with the paradox of loving his mother without actually liking her feels remarkably honest, his style of shooting feels anything but.
...the sensational filmmaking debut of twenty year-old writer/director/star Xavier Dolan...exhibits not only technical competence and a strong artistic signature, but the maturity to recognize the underlying causes of teenage arrogance.
This is hardly the reassuring, audience-friendly coming-of-age-and-out tale it could've been. It's very much a two-hander between opponents who are equally matched and often equally flawed.
[A] brilliantly sure-handed debut.
A coming-of-age tale as ferociously raw as its teller -- the very young Xavier Dolan.
What makes it extraordinary is its depth of feeling, which Dolan's age makes all the more impressive: he was just 19 when he made this.
Xavier Dolan has done at 19 what most of us will never accomplish: produce a legitimate work of art that communicates to us in innovative, challenging and affecting ways.
A stunning, semi-autobiographical tour de force from writer/director/producer/performer Xavier Dolan, it is a film with the sting of shrewdly observed truth.
French Canadian Xavier Dolan, only 20, makes a splashy and bold feature directing debut in this coming of age tale about a precocious gay adolescent who engages in endless arguments (both funny and horrific) with his crass single mother.
Xavier Dolan is definitely a promising filmmaker. But his debut remains too uneven to be entirely satisfying, as far as I'm concerned.

@highlight

I Killed My Mother 's raw, blunt coming-of-age narrative marks an impressive debut for filmmaker Xavier Dolan.