The most egregiously boring movie ever graced with the Best Picture Oscar... though in fairness, egregious boredom is one of the cornerstones of the Bible epic genre.
[VIDEO ESSAY] It's worth sitting through four hours of Charlton Heston's hammy pregnant pauses of strained dialogue and toothy grimaces just to savor the legendary larger-than-life marathon where single rider chariots...
Although it is a spectacle film, the story of how a man takes on the tyranny of the Romans, with all sorts of horrible consequences to himself and his family, is powerful and gripping.
1959 Biblical epic has fierce blood-spilling, cruelty.
At 212 minutes it is far too long, and large swathes of the action appear redundant or unnecessary. "Bigger than Ben-Hur!" they say. That may not be a compliment.
Some critics believe that William Wyler's box-office smash is no match for the 1925 silent version, but there's no denying that the race that forms the famous climax is one of the most iconic sequences in Hollywood history.
Epic in both length and stature, Ben-Hur goes on for-bloody-ever... but the action set-pieces remain unrivalled, even in the age of CGI.
A masterpiece of epic filmmaking, a profound religious experience and one of the greatest films ever made.
There is no reason to feel guilty about not loving this mammoth epic.
The biggest and the best of Hollywood's super-spectacles.
Mostly tedious Sunday school tale.
It's very much of its time, overblown and overlong -- but Ben-Hur is rightfully lodged at the forefront of Hollywood history.
Entire new frontiers in boredom were opened up by this MGM whopper from 1959.
The kind of sweeping pseudo-biblical epic that Hollywood was famous for. If not for Heston's weak performance and Boyd's ludicrous one, the film might have been better.
In the lead, Heston is stiff, and the writing is uneven, but overall, it's a rousing epic done on a massive scale with hundreds of sets and extras, and a priceless race scene.
The film moves with an assurance and majesty hardly seen in modern movies.
The movie could be trying to say that for some people religion is an escape from their sexuality, but it seems unlikely.
A movie that has come to define Biblical epic.
An absolute classic Hollywood epic!
Awesome spectacle, unforgettable story, Heston's best
The grandest of Hollywood's classic biblical epics doesn't transcend its genre, with its spectacle and melodrama, but it does these things about as well as possible.
Predictable but magnificent and satisfying.
Mr. Wyler and his money-free producers have smartly and effectively laid stress on the powerful and meaningful personal conflicts that are strong in this old heroic tale.
One of the most exciting action epics ever made, blustery "Ben-Hur" is filled with over-the-top performances, but memorable scenes.
Widescreen biblical epic is bloated with spectacle and thin on plot.
A definição clássica do épico.
Charlton Heston plays Charlton Heston, but his charismatic macho woodeness carries the film like no other actor of his day.
If we later came to realize that movies could be a whole lot better than Ben-Hur, that still doesn't detract from the enjoyment the film still provides.
Shows how difficult forgiveness is once the heart has hardened in hate.
A chariot-race classic.
An entertaining and compelling drama that may be shallow, but is too exciting and appealing for that to be much of a concern.
Opening with a full overture played against Michelangelo's ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, you know that you're in for something unembarrassed by its own grandiosity.
It is one of the most resplendent films you'll ever see.
A majestic achievement, representing a superb blending of the motion picture arts by master craftsmen.
Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er.
The MGM production is a lavish, colorful spectacle that will linger long in the eye of the beholder.
Ben-Hur is not great art. But it is great fun.
Ben-Hur (1959) is MGM's three and a half hour, wide-screen epic Technicolor blockbuster - a Biblical tale, subtitled A Tale of the Christ.
...fairly defines the word 'epic.'






@highlight

Uneven, but in terms of epic scope and grand spectacle, Ben-Hur still ranks among Hollywood's finest examples of pure entertainment.