Af ound footage experience that actually works.
Probably the best Bigfoot horror flick out there.
Enthusiasts of the simplicity of the original "Blair Witch" picture will admire that it falls well within the tradition of keeping things low-tech.
Despite the impressively committed performances by the two leads and the screenplay's touches of sly humor, the proceedings are mostly all too redolent of the endless found-footage horror films that have followed in the wake of The Blair Witch Project
Willow Creek is a well-crafted, slow-burning horror that uses the found footage approach to deliver a movie that is just as much about what you don't see as what you do. A found footage movie as it should be done.
While the final "reveal" feels at once expected but out of nowhere, Willow Creek is a solid look inside the mind of someone obsessed with one of our weird national myths.
Bobcat Goldthwait has proven himself to be such an outside-the-box visionary, it's unfathomable that his fertile mind could produce something as pedestrian as Willow Creek.
I love all of Goldthwait's films (except one) but I wasn't sure what his goal was with Willow Creek. I can rest assured now that like any good filmmaker, he wanted to take the audience for a hell of a ride and tell a great story. He has succeeded.
It's definitely worth watching and it's impressive what Goldthwait and his two leads were able to accomplish with what couldn't have been much more than a $100 budget and a weekend.
Willow Creek's mixture of quizzical documentary and gripping horror film is the effective result.
Willow Creek is the best found footage shocker in ages, a statement that speaks volumes about the floundering genre.
In his comedies, Goldthwait always presents a very particular point of view, but in his foray into horror, he comes off as just another copycat.
A wonderful turn of the found footage sub-genre that watches like a part found footage movie, and part documentary shoot that took a turn in to hell.
Goldthwait's made a film that's half kitschy American road trip, half straight chiller and his two leads ably switch tone, just as Goldthwait's film seems to be warning that we should beware the embrace of cultish legends as entertainment.
"Willow Creek" a canny horror film and a derivative one, but as a reminder of the power of suggestion, the unseen dwarfing even the grandest budgets, prodding our imagination and chills us to the bones.
One senses that Goldthwait penned the Willow Creek script not so much to indulge in genre elements (which he handles with a pro's touch) but more to explore the emotional intimacy between the leads.
Willow Creek isn't a joke. It's not a satire. It's an actual found footage horror movie that centers on Bigfoot... and it's actually scary.
Willow Creek is an unexpectedly restrained and atmospherically effective slow burn.
The two actors establish a realistic chemistry, and the otherwise familiar movie cranks up the tension by exploiting common fears.
Goldthwait's pacing is all wrong, taking far too long to get his film where it needs to be and creating zero tension along the way.
It's all well and good to want to say things using the world of a horror movie, but it's even better when you don't forget to try and be scary for 75% of the runtime.
It's damn good. Believe it... [Willow Creek is] a break-up movie, really; just one in which a mysterious monster assists in the breaking.
Willow Creek is Goldthwait flexing a whole new set of film-making muscles and he proves that there's some life left in the found footage genre.
It's smaller in scope and horror ambition, which automatically makes it more enjoyable than most of its brethren, creating a mix of local color and camping disaster that's basic but frightfully effective.
"Willow Creek" is a defiant slow burn.
By aping upon other like-minded pictures and never quite releasing himself from the shackles of humdrum convention, director Bobcat Goldthwait sells himself short.
Mr. Goldthwait gives us lovely, buttery daylight scenes, nicely relaxed leads and dialogue that pays attention to fluctuating gender dynamics.
The parts are greater than the whole, but there's a lot to like here, including the easy interplay between the leads.
One of the best things about Willow Creek is that it represents someone's unwavering vision, and in today's commodity oriented movie marketplace, that's unusual indeed.
The final 20 minutes of the film prove once again that what you can't see is infinitely more frightening than what you can..leaves you goosey and tense.
He may be seriously slumming by putting a modern spin on 1972's The Legend Of Boggy Creek, but at least Goldthwait's done his homework.
A found-footage horror cheapie that turns out to be its creator's warmest, most satisfying work.
A unique representation of the tension between those who scoff at the Bigfoot legend and others willing to accept the mythology as gospel.
Though it's disappointing to see Goldthwait step away from the conceptual audacity of his previous work ... Willow Creek does everything a little bit better than others of its kind.
Bobcat Goldthwait's effective yet wholly unnecessary contribution to the genre of horror movies allegedly recovered from the hard drives of dead cameramen.
Bobcat Goldthwait exposes the characteristic male pursuit of power to which females are often made subservient.
If the waking scream of an ending doesn't shred your ganglia you may have no functioning nervous system.
Willow Creek is yet another found-footage horror film but it's a fresh and engaging one, combining tongue-in-cheek humour with some genuinely creepy moments.
An unlikely but effective found-footage horror from Goldthwait.
A winning found-footage horror that also works as a sly commentary on the urban legend business.
Goldthwait is the real thing. If you haven't seen his movies up to this point, you must.
As a horror film using that now-tired device, "found footage" supposedly shot by the characters themselves, it's quite passable.
Some really fine stuff in here, and much more too it than a nuts-'n'-bolts monster movie.
Though it feels improvised, this is a well-honed work, with details laughed off in the daylight becoming spookily significant once darkness falls.
Willow Creek doesn't take us anywhere new -- the climax is abrupt and unsatisfying -- but it's a whole lot of jarring, juddering fun while it lasts.
Willow Creek's terror tactics are all about what you don't see, while the source of the chills is kept ambiguous: over-active imagination, pissed-off locals or honest-to-God beastie?
Johnson and Gilmore have an easygoing rapport ... But once their characters venture deep into the woods, the film has nowhere to go but down the same narrative path as almost every found-footage tale since The Blair Witch Project began the craze in 1999.
...an above-average entry within the mostly worthless found-footage arena...
Willow Creek is a shocking mix of comedy and horror that makes Bobcat Goldthwait's first foray into horror a uniquely rewarding one, giving Bigfoot the proper cinematic feature that such a legendary creature deserves.
by turns funny and frightening... a perfect hybridisation of familiar found footage tropes and transgressive Bobcattery.
A fun addition to the found-footage horror subgenre.

@highlight

Writer-director Bobcat Goldthwait's first foray into horror doesn't break any new ground, but it does wring fresh terror from a well-worn genre formula -- and offers a few nasty laughs in the bargain.