If you like Scorsese, or if you just like thrillers, you'll have a good time.
Though the story is a corker of a premise, with detours into the perils of ambition and duplicity, you can't hope to become emotionally invested in these reputedly troubled souls.
For 150 minutes The Departed delivers a visceral punch you're unable to dodge. It's the best American crime film since Michael Mann's Heat.
It starts strong, but the development loses steam and narrative intensity, offering little. [Full Review in Spanish]
Scorsese proves he can just simply entertain. The Departed may be his most commercial film yet, but the fluidity of the camerawork, the intricate storytelling, and the exquisite tension leave no doubt that you're in the hands of a master.
The definitive Boston Irish mob movie of our era was made by an Italian from Queens.
The legendary director successfully converts a tight little thriller into a grand opera, and it's the best work he's done in the last 10 years.
The Departed is an example of a cinematic master seeking to live up to the veneration with which he is regarded by his pupils.
The dialogue crackles wittily and obscenely, and the set-pieces are superbly staged.
Not only is The Departed not among the best of Scorsese's films; it's not even the best version of this film.
Nicholson is on good-to-great form as the paternal brute, and lends an inimitable relish to certain lines in William Monahan's screenplay.
As in his remake of Cape Fear, Scorsese has mucked up a B-movie he professes to love: producing something full of twists but devoid of that lovely, fluttery, rare thing: surprise.
Smart, tough talk, and lots of it, drives The Departed.
It's a convoluted, rich plot that goes back decades, but The Departed is so sure-footed it all makes sense.
There's a lot of tough talk from tough men in this testosterone-fueled thriller, as the thin blue line disintegrates amid gritty give-and-take in William Monahan's excellent script.
Plausible psychological scrutiny loses out to shot after shot of brains being splattered. And boy, do you get a lot of brains for your buck. It's just a shame they're all on the walls and not in the script.
The Departed is a near-perfect synthesis of cinematic genius and commercial appeal, quite possibly the most accomplished and accessible film from one of the greatest living directors.
This crime thriller is a profane, blood-drenched joy to watch.
Scorsese may not wish to be known only as a crime dramatist, but when it's something nobody else has ever done as well, why complain?
Screenwriter William Monahan's taut, terse script, minimizes explanations of the many characters' backstory and conflicts, yet his brilliant dialogue crackles with savvy.
Bloody, brutal and brilliant -- DiCaprio and Nicholson shine in the crime movie of 2006.
The shocking violence is well-placed. The action scenes are always comprehensible -- no jump cut cheats here -- and the suspense will make you fidget in your seat. What a corker.
The best of its kind since Michael Mann's Heat.
This is rich and satisfying stuff with Scorsese rediscovering his masterful skill at delivering a narrative which crackles with acid dialogue delivered by a gifted cast.
The Departed has the sense of a 14-hour movie carved down to a fraction.
Every scene has it's purpose, every shot is meticulously used.
It's one of the year's best pictures. It's also one of Martin Scorsese's best. And when you think of some other films he's made, that's saying something.
Scorsese's film is a grossly over-extended 150, and -- despite its flashes of directorial genius -- it's no deeper (or more comprehensible) than the original.
As ingenious as it is artificial.
Nicholson's unsavoury grin and seedy menace are a joy to behold.
Rude, profane, clever, hilarious, engrossing, crowd-pleasing, ridiculously entertaining.
As cop thrillers go, this is the best in quite a while.
I think GoodFellas leaves this for dead, absolutely for dead.
[The Departed] showcases Scorsese's trademark themes of sin, betrayal and redemption. It's a carefully calibrated and detailed film that takes its time establishing the characters' complex histories.
The Departed is not for the faint of heart. But scaredy-cats are going to miss a tremendously satisfying film, one that will have you leaving the theater saying, "Now, that was a movie."
It all makes for extremely watchable entertainment.
Sub-par gangster fodder.
This is Scorsese's Serpico, his French Connection, his Heat, and he brings the same eye for anthropological detail to the boys in blue as he does to his beloved wiseguys.
An expertly-crafted genre thriller which stands a chance at becoming one of his biggest box office hits yet.
[A] very entertaining, densely layered, just-short-of-fabulous melodrama.
Scorsese finds himself back in his comfort zone with a crime epic about loyalty and deception that's deeply engaging and viciously entertaining from start to bloody finish.
Urban film making at its best, The Departed is a brutally violent, beautifully crafted, and incredibly well acted piece of film making that will leave you reeling.
The film is superbly shot, and the rapid-fire editing and shaky camera fit the constant flux that the main characters find themselves in time and again.
You must understand farce before you can understand tragedy, and Scorsese understands both
Much splat, little art
Scorsese isn't about plots; he's about people, places, and times, and until he departs from that, this film is a return to genius.
One of the year's very best and most exciting films.
Great acting aside, this film's greatest accomplishment comes from its director, whose style is remarkable and whose vision is always innovative.
Scorsese has made an incredible cover version of the original, imbued with every ounce of his artistic personality transforming it into something both familiar and new.
The Departed heralds Martin Scorsese's return to the top of his game and simultaneously secures for the film a place in the pantheon of the very best of American crime cinema. Welcome back to Scorsese's mean streets.
The story rattles along at such a lick there's little time to ponder the plot holes -- no mean feat in a film of this length and with so many fine actors competing for our attention.
... a fantastically entertaining crime thriller, crackling with energy from beginning to end. ... But Nicholson's outrageous over-acting becomes a distraction.
Scorsese revisits old territory in The Departed, and he doesn't do anything he hasn't done brilliantly several times before.
Scorsese is clearly a master filmmaker but in my opinion, he's only phoning it in here. THE DEPARTED is a matter of been there, done that. Second tier Scorsese is still good, it just doesn't rank up there with his best work.
Probably the director's most taut piece of storytelling since Goodfellas.
What makes this a Scorsese film, and not merely a retread, is the director's use of actors, locations and energy, and its buried theme. I am fond of saying that a movie is not about what it's about; it's about how it's about it.
Sometimes accused of failing to harness the kinetic energy that abounds in his films, Martin Scorsese has done such a fine job of balancing the heat and the cold here.
The Departed doesn't improve in any way on Infernal Affairs, which served up a return to stylish Hong Kong action.
Scorsese takes William Monahan's brilliant adaptation and completely makes it his own, resulting in not only one of the best movies of the year but also one of the best of his amazing career.
Scorsese's treatise on honour and trust has a sprawl that's at once epic and cohesive.
An over-plotted, pressure-cooked crime caper directed by Martin Scorcese which touches on every classic theme imaginable.
A return to genre for Martin Scorsese, this cops and gangsters film is unqestionably entertaining.
The Departed's lucky-charmed score is one of many subliminal devices in the film: No one better lay a hand on Scorsese's Oscar.
You'll have to go back to GoodFellas to find a Marty movie this fun, this enamored of language, of ethnic slurs, of "Gimme Shelter," of explosive violence. Scorsese's return to form is the year's most dynamic film. Really, how could it not be?
...the best thing the director has done in years.
The Departed has enough tension to keep you engrossed, and enough color for ten crime pictures. Scorsese obviously adores his expensive, expansive ensemble.
The cast was a blast, playing each part off one another like a great chess match set up via the poetic images swirling through Scorsese's mind.
This is not a film Scorsese will be or should be remembered for - though fans of Goodfellas may relish the profligate bloodshed.
Violencia, crimen, orfandad, traicin, muerte. Scorsese de nuevo... otra jodida joya!
And is there a better director working today that can find just the right song to capture the mood of the story on screen?
No está entre lo mejor de Scorsese, pero es un buen policial con algunos momentos intensos, una vertiginosa narración casi sin pausas, y un estupendo elenco (a pesar de Jack, que excede su personaje).
A welcome departure from all the banal fare we've been presented with over the last few months. The Departed is how movies are supposed to be made.
You might be surprised that Irish Catholic South Boston should have provided the opportunity for this stunning return, but I tell you the range of emotions would be characteristically, authentically Scorsese's even if [the film] were set in Kowloon.
Apesar de levemente inferior ao longa chinês, este é um filme vigoroso que demonstra a habilidade de seu diretor em conduzir tramas violentas e complexas.
A tough and gritty crime thriller, tossing up the issue of morality before shooting it down in a cascade of bullets . a piece of explosive cinema.
Another very good gangster movie from Martin Scorsese, and a faithful remake
Suffers in comparison to the tension, subtlety, and top-drawer acting in Infernal Affairs.
These may not be the streets of [Scorsese's] past, but they are just as mean and just as compelling.
The movie gains life entirely from the interplay among the actors, and both of the young stars are wonderful.
Scorsese has long since proved to be a master at gangland crime dramas and "The Departed" is no exception.
Is Scorsese desperate? This screenplay has the scent of it, as if he is scraping for material to feed his basic filmic interests.
Probably the best acted film of the year.
Sweeps us along helplessly, basking in the sheer energy of it all.
This is a brilliant story retold with the flourish of a master.
Thoroughly entertaining, the competing character agendas are realized superbly by a cohesive ensemble.
Not as bad as The Aviator or Gangs of New York.
This would not be the movie it is without Nicholson's unforgettable, over-the-top, deliciously-obscene performance.
Like a sucker punch to the gut, and I do mean that as a compliment.
This is, without a doubt, one of 2006's best movies, another milestone for a man whose career path is paved with such accolades.
Finally, the race is on. The battle for Best Picture begins with Martin Scorsese's The Departed, an outstanding return to form that will be nominated across the board in several major categories.
Martin Scorsese nous revient dans sa meilleure production en plus de 10 ans (depuis Goodfellas en fait)...
Scorsese bloats the first half with epic pretensions, leaving behind a pretty good genre remake, rather than a great movie that happens to be a thriller. . . . could have been magnificent.
The Departed is an enjoyable, but overlong crime caper with some great performances and plenty of moments that scream 'Scorsese!' But you know what? The Aviator is a better movie.
[A] glorious mess of a movie.
An intricate music box of cinematic flair but utterly hollow as a personal statement.
... while not glorifying the gun culture of this nation, [the film] exposes it in a sea of blood ...
Martin Scorsese, at the top of his game, stages some great set pieces.
Martin Scorsese's triumphant return to modern day storytelling.
Stacked up against Taxi Driver and Raging Bull, sure ... this is lesser Scorsese. And 'lesser' Scorsese is still better than almost anything else around.
It's a testament to the rest of the cast that Nicholson's self-worshipping train-wreck of a performance doesn't sink the entire film.
Scorsese's best in years-strong praise considering that his last two movies were both up for the Best Picture Academy Award.
The only thing that surprises me more than thinking the former Marky Mark is one of the most talented actors working today is that I think his New Kids on the Block brother Donnie is just as good.
Given the powerhouse punch of a scenario, it's perhaps not surprising that Scorsese elected to rework someone else's property while also embellishing it with his own distinctive style.
A wholly remarkable work -- one that is considerably deeper and certainly more complex than its crime thriller status might imply.
Scorsese nails nearly every scene perfectly. There's not a moment your mind wanders, your toe taps restlessly or you dare to miss a scene by glancing at your watch.
Intense and entertaining.
Only time will tell if it takes its place alongside Scorsese classics Taxi Driver, Raging Bull and Goodfellas; I have a feeling it just might.
Plushly mounted but marred by fussy choices and overacting, The Departed strands Scorsese once again at a crossroads between art and commerce.
...riveting and fearless in its intriguing scope. The Departed beats us upside our heads with a flashy fury that stings more caustically than an avenging queen bee.
This is crime melodrama as only Scorsese can deliver it, even if we sense in the edges of the frame that he's subtly laughing at the over-ripeness of it all.
Martin Scorsese returns to gangland in The Departed, a slick, soulful retelling of overrated Hong Kong actioner Infernal Affairs.
A great film? To some degree. Great fun? Absolutely. One of the year's best films? Most certainly
Wow -- look what Martin Scorsese can do with a remake!
Rowdier and more neatly resolved than Infernal Affairs (that is, more "American"), The Departed grants Nicholson wide berth for jestering
Solid work by DiCaprio, Damon, Sheen and Baldwin...(is) upstaged by Nicholson bravado. Wahlberg, however, comes close.
Redolent of four-letter words, Scorsese's flatulent Boston massacre doesn't amount to a hill of beans ... It's easily his worst film since Cape Fear. How bad is GoodFellas Does Boston? So bad that even Nicholson is a deadly bore.
This merrily vicious and violent Martin Scorsese film about cops and gangsters in Boston will never haunt your sleep, as Taxi Driver and Raging Bull do, but it will keep you excited and amused for well over two hours.
As in most of Scorsese's films, the wages of sin are pretty harsh, but then, so are the wages of virtue.
We'll be talking about this one for years to come.
[A] cunning sprint along the knife edge between cops and mobsters, one that spooks you into feeling at any moment that you might fall off...
Brilliantly acted, enthrallingly told, this vast, operatic saga centers on two men caught between the fear of having their true selves revealed and the fear of hiding themselves so completely they can never come back.
The Departed is not vintage Scorsese, but for most of its running time it sure comes close.
Marty's back, doing what he does best. Is that a collective sigh of relief I hear?
...a cocky film, something that plays a little faster than real life and is stuffed to the gills with testosteronic humor. Yes, indeed, Marty's back...
The most amazing acting in The Departed comes from Mark Wahlberg, who completely transforms himself into the angry police sergeant he portrays.
Martin Scorsese surprises us with a film that is more of a thriller than his previous efforts. It really holds the viewer. Much of the credit goes to the original film.
Watching this new film by Scorsese is tantamount to falling in love again with the brash, cinematic bad boy from New York City.
This is a Martin Scorsese film of the classic sort. It has a high body-count and moments of sublime excess; the master is on form.
Martin Scorsese must have missed the memo stating that Hollywood movies were being dumbed down for mass audiences. The director has created one of the best films of the year, guaranteed to keep audiences on their toes.
DiCaprio raises his game to a whole new level in this film.
Proves that Hollywood can still make great films when they want to.
It may not be vintage Scorsese, but it is exciting Scorsese.
The Departed tells a tale of the bad luck of the Irish with black humor, zest and cumulative kapow that take off the top of your head.
Martin Scorsese has got his groove back.
Scorsese has put together a fantastic ensemble of actors: Some of the movie's best performances are the ones tucked into the corners, like Alec Baldwin's beefy, arrogant state police honcho.
Though the story drags on longer than it probably should, Scorsese and his ensemble cast do an amazing job with staying faithful in their translation.
The storytelling here is a model of smooth precision.
... managing to convey nothing for the mind or soul in its over two hours of excessive overkill.
Watching some of the best thespians of our era beat the crap out of each other (both literally and figuratively) is one of The Departed's greatest joys.
Nicholson, as usual, overacts to great effect. But the star is DiCaprio who emerges from this film as a complete actor and a full-fledged star... (with) a big assist from Wahlberg, who is captivating in the few minutes he has on screen.
Great filmmaking, especially if you don't hold it up to Scorsese's masterpieces or to Infernal Affairs.
If you like your films loaded with guns, blood and bad asses with dialects this is the film for you. Scorsese delivers a well-crafted story that will keep you engaged throughout.
Martin Scorsese's remake of the Hong Kong thriller Infernal Affairs (2002) is a thrilling return to form.
That Scorsese can hit this kind of material out of the park isn't surprising, and much of The Departed gleams with a certain well-honed perfection.
As The Departed wears on, it becomes more exciting, more grimly funny and more nihilistic -- and that nihilism has a lasting impact.
Crime stories have become incredibly generic, and though this is not a pit like Miami Vice, some bursts of good staging and imagery only serve to remind us that Scorsese is a streak gambler who can get stuck with the wrong hand.
The Departed is riveting, in-your-face entertainment, with a visceral energy, intelligence, dark wit and several first-rate actors doing their best work ever.
DiCaprio is outstanding, as is the film's first hour. But Scorsese's tale of rats and the rat race gets its neck snapped in traps set by Nicholson's relapse into Just Jack, a flabby finish and a tonally wrong final wink.
Scorsese differentiates it from everything else he's ever done. The guy might as well retire now because I don't see how he's going to top this one.
Despite its jazzy energy and many stunning set pieces, Scorsese's latest film is a regrettably uneven addition to the director's canon, paling in comparison to such classics as Taxi Driver, Raging Bull, and Goodfellas.
Freed from iconic figures and weighty themes, Martin Scorsese, in The Departed, gets to riff and rock. And the audience gets a huge, bloody, profane entertainment in the bargain.
It's one of the better films by one of our better directors, and even though it's technically a remake (of a popular Hong Kong export) it's pure Scorsese in its study of masculine bonds, of loyalty, of betrayal.
The Departed is Scorsese's most entertaining picture in years, dense, violent (more of his screen sadism played for laughs), and satisfying.
If The Departed isn't among his handful of his best pictures, it's still gripping, hot and wicked stuff.
The Departed remains a rousing film.
After a pair of flawed Oscar-hunting epics, Martin Scorsese has returned to the gritty, violent mob drama that has always been his strong suit, and the result -- The Departed -- is his best film since 1990's Goodfellas.
A great, resonant, psychologically complex popcorn movie made by a cast and crew of filmmakers at the top of their game. Welcome back, Marty.
You can feel Scorsese's exhilaration in every moment, of The Departed, and the experience is an adrenaline rush, pure and simple.
It's not great Scorsese, certainly not in the league of Raging Bull or 2004's The Aviator. But it'll do for now.
With a dream cast, master director and intriguing story brimming with violence and sex, The Departed really should be better than it is.
For all its bloodletting, The Departed is an intoxicating film. It's a film that'll have your hands over your face with one eye peeking: The violence sickens, but the movie seduces.
As so often before, the body count is high in a Martin Scorsese movie. But where once the bodies pulsated with life in all its vainglorious furor, here they drop like wooden ducks in an artificial pond.
Scorsese hurries through scenes with an impatience that suggests boredom. Spontaneous violence doesn't shock us anymore in Scorsese's environments. Even the director's reliable technicians let him down.
The best remake of the decade.
If this one doesn't win Scorsese an Oscar, then there's something seriously wrong with Oscar.
It's a thinking fan's thriller, a movie involving multiple fully dimensional characters, multiple story lines and edge-of-your-seat twists and swerves, stylized to just the edge of believability.
Martin Scorsese makes a welcome return to form with his latest, The Departed.
Steeped in testosterone and laced with inventively used profanity, The Departed plunges us into a corrupt Boston world for parallel stories about two cops, played by Matt Damon and Leonardo DiCaprio.
The Departed exhibits a rough-hewn, deft intelligence. Monahan has written some razor-sharp lines, and Scorsese's latest crew knows how to wield the quips.
Rude, crafty, funny and richly profane, it's the work of an artist unmistakably in his element.
Not typical Scorsese but mature storytelling with a steady rhythm.
It is funny, shocking and brutal, and it's filled with brilliant performances, with some of our best actors sinking their teeth into a great screenplay from William Monahan.
This picture feels like an exercise by a Scorsese clone who has tackled the master's themes -- without his energy and economy of style.
Right from the pungent opening line, The Departed has that Goodfellas pop, from the first-rate cast to the sharp black comedy to the startling incidents of violence.
It's an excitingly labyrinthine treatment of the perennial theme that cops and crooks, no matter their ethnic extraction, are fundamentally the same.
It's not a casual night out at the movies, but sends the viewer away shaken and supremely satisfied.
A relentlessly violent, breathtakingly assured piece of mean-streets filmmaking, the film shows the legendary director dropping the bids for industry respectability that have preoccupied him over the past decade and doing what he does best.
Only a cinematic master like Martin Scorsese can take a complex character-driven drama and turn it into a grandiose masterpiece.
The Departed is nothing short of brilliant -- complicated, ambiguous and ambitious, executed with a virtuosity shared only by a handful of other American filmmakers.
Not since GoodFellas has Scorsese hit so hard, so precisely and with such restraint of obvious flash.
... shifts between action and absurdity, generating the kind of gleeful havoc where you're laughing one minute, then choking as the laughter freezes in your throat.
It's wild and edgy and everything we've come to love about Scorsese.
The rats are dead; long live the rats.
With the help of slick writing, an A-list cast and plenty of twisted surprises, Scorsese scores again.
Aside from the offensive material, The Departed fires on all cylinders as one of the best crime dramas ever made -- smart, suspenseful, and technically well made.
It's good to see Martin Scorsese back among the bad guys again, knocking heads, spraying bullets, sloshing through the bloody puddles of their conflicted Catholicism.
Finally! A movie in which men pull out their guns and actually shoot the person they're aiming at. 'The Departed' is a violent film, yet so satisfying, due to the unbelievable performances by the entire cast.
Look for The Departed to earn a host of Oscar nominations as befits the blockbuster it will become.
A beautifully crafted film that's also egregiously violent -rightfully so.
The film makes a convincing case, while you're watching, that it simply doesn't get much better than this: its mastery is nothing short of awe-inspiring.
...a violent crime drama that will undoubtedly reward repeated viewings...
Martin Scorsese's The Departed is close to a perfect movie, a poignant cousin to The Great Gatsby and as violent as America itself. It is wicked good.
Gripping, often cruelly funny... [and] a film that is coming along at the perfect time, as millions of Americans grapple with feelings of chronic insecurity, suspicion and a powerful desire for change.
This is going to be a contender come the end of the year. It's Scorsese and company at their best.
Crackling with energy, featuring great actors sinking their teeth into the meatiest of roles and a plot that bubbles with tension, this is Scorsese's finest film since Goodfellas.
While this may not be Scorsese's finest film, it is without a doubt his most entertaining. The Departed is here to stay.
Departed is tonally confident and visually ambitious in ways only Scorsese can pull off with gusto and precision, scored with a hiccupy mix-tape of bash-ya-head-in tunes from a broken iPod.
Martin Scorsese's answer to The Sopranos is a triumph, as violent, thrilling and worthy of multiple viewings as any of David Chase's best shots.
It's tense, it never gets bogged down and you won't notice that two and half hours have passed when the final credits roll.
A reminder that movies can have weight to them and still be enjoyable as entertainment.
This dynamic crime masterpiece finds the filmmaker firing on all of his creative cylinders, the film a brilliantly acted tour-de-force of corruption and circumstance easily ranking as one of the year's very best motion pictures.
(Martin) Scorsese's movies usually have an operatic quality; this one reaches the heights of Shakespearean tragedy.
A particularly Irish brand of cops-and-thieves angst, interesting because it's considerably colder than the Hong Kong variety.
There should be so many interesting dilemmas, but like the original Infernal Affairs, it muddles in standard mob deals and police investigations, nothing you can't see on any handful of TV shows. Why not give each side some painful decisions to mak
A glorious symphony of motion in the key of violence.
Scorsese's latest is an anti-war movie that is firmly dedicated to the idea that neither side in this war will ever be declared the winner.
Heaven has come calling for moviegoers to experience the purest, toughest and most unabashed Scorsese film since GoodFellas.
The Departed is classic Scorsese complete with a story so dense and exciting you don't want it to end. But, when it does end, HOLY MAMA it's a good ending.
Martin Scorsese is a master director in every sense of the word and with the help of his ensemble has made a masterpiece of modern cinema, complete with a triple climax ending.
proof positive that neither Scorsese nor Nicholson have lost their touch.
This is remarkably compelling cinema driven by some of the best talent in the business.
Two and a half hours race by as this twisting, turning tale blazes its exciting, funny, brutal path.
Martin Scorsese is a master of the gritty crime drama and this is reminiscent of "GoodFellas" and "Mean Streets."
Martin Scorsese's The Departed, a crime drama of thrilling breadth and intensity, takes place within Boston's city limits, seems to have been made in a state of exultation, and holds you captive in a state of delight.
It's a splendid actor's showcase and everyone in the cast comes off well.
It took a while, but Martin Scorsese has returned to the Mean Streets.
What begins as a breakneck descent into blunt cruelty and moral turmoil soon morphs into a cat-and-mouse game encumbered by self-consciously overcooked extravagance.
A sprawling crime drama that works, when it does work, mainly as a comedy. Convoluted, confusing and full of fat, the film cries out for a trimmed down version.
It's a stylish head rush of a movie that flies by, even at two-and-a-half hours, and keeps turning the knife (and your stomach) up to the final scene.
Martin Scorsese's cubistic entertainment about men divided by power, loyalty and their own selves finds the director back on the mean streets where he belongs.
Too operatic at times, too in love with violence and macho posturing at others, it's a potboiler dressed up in upscale designer clothes, but oh how that pot does boil.
[A] luridly entertaining gangster movie.
If the story suffers initially from a slight lack of focus, hang in there, because you will soon become immersed in a mesmerizing, expertly plotted cat-and-mouse game.
With its welter of double crosses, The Departed is completely engrossing, a master class in suspense.
The Departed, which screenwriter William Monahan cleverly adapted from the Hong Kong thriller Infernal Affairs, crackles right along, stopping only long enough for Scorsese's signature bursts of explosive violence.
Scorsese's sharpest film in a decade and the most entertaining major studio release this year.
It is probably superior to almost anything released this year and is a disappointment only when compared with Scorsese's previous accomplishments.
After the dolled-up theatrics of his last few features, from Casino (1995) up through The Aviator (2004), it's a kick to find director Martin Scorsese back in prime form, at least in the terrific first half of The Departed.
Comparisons to Goodfellas and Casino notwithstanding, it has a verve and texture all its own. It also has, courtesy of William Monahan, some of the best dialogue that Scorsese has ever worked with.
A pulpy, operatic, rousingly good crime thriller.
Takes a really good movie and makes it great.
Even if it had come out nine months ago, there is little doubt that anything you see this year -- frankly, anything of its genre you've seen in any recent year -- could surpass The Departed.
In Martin Scorsese's thrilling, throbbing reinterpretation of [Infernal Affairs], it is the war that rages within all of us -- between our better and our badder selves -- that transforms this tale of treachery into one of the year's best movies.
The balance of brutal violence, wildly inappropriate humor, and easy, low-boil romance is nothing short of masterful... a hell of a good time.
The Departed, which situates the Lau-Mak storyline in contemporary Boston, matches expectations for roughly two-thirds of its somewhat distended 2 1/2-hour running time.
Kept in balance, The Departed's verbal and visual gifts, gun-toting menace, down-and-dirty existentialism, and bristling suspense should please both sides of the movie aisle.
An exhilarating pulp entertainment.
Dazzlingly done, with a welcome gloss of comic panache, it's the sort of thing Scorsese does better than any other major director in Hollywood.
Efficient rather than profound. But when efficiency is this much fun, it would be churlish to ask for more.
Strong dialogue, intrigue and great music. Top notch acting, crisp direction and editing. Unfortunately, a contrived love triangle & climax greatly compromise the integrity.
Nicholson will undoubtedly be accused of hamming it up ... but, really, what choice does he have surrounded by all of the macho posturing on display?
The Departed is Scorsese grabbing New Hollywood by its ear to teach it a lesson the old-fashioned way.
As great as the original is, Scorsese has once again been able to reshape the material into something equally good, with different strengths and weaknesses.
Owes a heavy debt to the original version, but this is a masterpiece all its own.
Superbly written and brilliantly acted, this is a return to form for Scorsese - if this doesn't get him the Best Director Oscar, nothing will.
The Departed is a bloody, nihilistic, intelligent, pulpy epic filled with avant-garde techniques.
few directors can compose a movie with the power, grace and assurance that Scorsese brings to each shot and scene, and The Departed is more fun, and certainly more funny, than his last few films.
Though not on par with 'Raging Bull' or 'Taxi Driver,' 'The Departed' is involving for its entire two hours and thirty-six minutes.
If this was a canvas it would have to be painted from a palette of Irish, Italian and Asian fireworks.
It's Scorsese's best film since 1990's GoodFellas. Oscar? Maybe. Classic? Definitely.
The argot of New York's Little Italy is Martin Scorsese's first language, but the filmmaker speaks fluent, pungent Bostonese in the terrific cops-and-mobsters tale The Departed.
as inflated with its own sense of epic destiny as the Hindenburg was with hydrogen and just as doomed
While seldom less than totally engrossing, it doesn't come close to the greatness of Scorsese's GoodFellas and Casino, and pales in comparison to Joanou's State of Grace.
The Departed ends up the most affectingly bleak movie Scorsese's made since Taxi Driver.
It's a snarling, magnificent beast. Welcome back, pal.
Neither a debacle nor a bore, The Departed works but only up to a point, and never emotionally.
The veteran director has made two-thirds of a great film about Boston cops and mobsters, with dazzlingly rich performances from a dizzyingly stellar cast and an ambience that screams Scorsese's typical cultural authenticity.
Transforms the often predictable crime genre into a nuanced character study.
Sensational. Before Martin Scorsese, DiCaprio, Damon, and Walherg were movie stars, now they are "Class A" actors. The only woman is the weak link.
Back to the streets and with a stellar cast, Martin Scorsese proves once again that he's the master of urban storytelling -- and of thrillingly violent filmmaking.
The Departed is Scorsese's most purely enjoyable movie in years.
The original film was gritty and entertaining; the new version is a masterpiece -- the best effort Scorsese has brought to the screen since Goodfellas.
As much as I appreciate the films he has made over the last decade, there is no denying that The Departed is Scorsese's best film since Goodfellas. It's just a f***ing awesome movie.
Uses a unique approach to expand on the original movie's clever double agent premise ... a really entertaining movie, but by no means a classic.
Although there will be claims of wasted talent, Scorsese's new blockbuster wanna-be combines sizzling dialog with no-holds-barred action for this year's top-of-the-heap gangster flick
This reworking of a popular Hong Kong picture pulses with energy, tangy dialogue and crackling performances from a fine cast.
Scorsese's relaxed energy infuses the film with excitement in every frame, thus elevating a gangster story to the level of tragedy.
Exactly the sort of complexity you'd expect from a Scorsese movie. What I didn't expect from a Scorsese movie was a copout ending.
A new American crime classic from the legendary Martin Scorsese, whose talent shines here on its highest beams.
Mr. Scorsese and his associates have assembled a remarkably charismatic cast to impart coherence and conviction to a narrative that could have easily dwindled into an affectless succession of gratuitous intrigues.
Toplined by DiCaprio, Damon, and Nicholson, this crime-gangster film, loosely based on Infernal Affairs, reinvents the genre with a uniquely American saga that showcases Scorsese in top form.


@highlight

Featuring outstanding work from an excellent cast, The Departed is a thoroughly engrossing gangster drama with the gritty authenticity and soupy morality we come to expect from Martin Scorsese.