A hard jewel of righteous political fury.
Madsen has acknowledged a strong debt to Pierre Melville's 1969 classic Army of Shadows. This one deserves a seat at the same table.
...a film noir set in wartime where there's moral ambiguity almost everywhere you look as well as large measures of heroism, treachery and ordinary human failings.
It's fast-paced, stylish and thrilling. But it also raises one tough question.
It winds its way through a tricky, fact-based plot that's sometimes reminiscent of film noir. At the center is a bewitching femme fatale whose allegiances and motives are less than clear.
While it may not be a smorgasbord of red herrings and red meat, Flame and Citron is often chilling.
Madsen makes the most of his budget, and he keeps pulling his camera back for long, visually sumptuous overhead shots.
A drop-dead gorgeous period noir, rife with paranoia, femmes fatales, and good men inexorably sinking into the bloody mire and opaque texture of life (and death) during wartime.
Unfortunately, although it was supposedly inspired by the morally conflicted French Resistance masterpiece Army of Shadows, Flame fizzles more than it flames.
To its credit, the film gives full weight to the confusion and ambivalence of war; the struggle for liberation from tyranny rarely looks so dubious.
A suspenseful, often riverting drama of World War II resistance that combines old-fashioned virtues of craft and style with a more modern sense of nuance and complexity.
[An] atypical and moody noir war film.
This film is based on a true story that director Ole Christian Madsen feels must be told with earnest noir and war-movie clichés.
...a fascinating dual character study lodged within a somewhat stodgy film.
The filmmakers do a terrific job in placing us in 1944 Copenhagen under Nazi rule.
"Flame and Citron" is a spine-tingling war drama with superb acting.
The film evolves into a mystery about who the two men can trust, besides each other, and the results are often nail-biting.
Flame & Citron examines the moral shadings of the Danish resistance during World War II without turning into a revisionist bore.
Maintains a high level of suspense for more than two hours.
Flame & Citron, based on the lives of two actual Resistance heroes, is a taut, handsome production -- the most expensive Danish film to date -- and it looks like a film noir, as indeed the costumes, cars, guns and fugitives force it to.
A very well-made and engrossing...cinematic tribute to two Danish freedom fighters
A deeply involving look at people living permanently on the knife-edge of danger.
...shocking...constant tension...great performances by Mikkelsen, Lindhardt, and Stengade. This captures what it really must have been like in the Resistance.
A satisfying thriller interestingly complicated by its study of character and compromise.
The action scenes are well-staged and the performances are aces.
Throughout this compelling film, the assassins want to believe they're doing righteous work: they're fighting Nazi occupation forces, after all.
A classic piece of historical action narrative told in a lean no-nonsense manner with riveting action sequences. A great war story.
. The persuasive force of the film falls squarely on Lindhardt's and Mikkelsen's shoulders as experienced actors whose gifts for sustaining layers of motivational subtext is utterly satisfying.
[Amidst] corruption and complicity. . .a no-frills male friendship to fight against impossible odds [where] life during wartime is seen as the precursor to postwar noir [yet] stirringly vivid.
A captivating, engrossing and character-driven thriller filled with solid performances along with palpable suspense, intensity and intrigue.
As directed by Ole Christian Madsen, the thriller features well-choreographed shootouts and assassinations. But the script is too melodramatic and complicated for its own good.
Rich with espionage intrigue, period perfect World War II details and fascinatingly complex lead characters.
The director Ole Christian Madsen's Flame & Citron is a fictionalized film, based on fact, about two Danish Resistance fighters.
The film is based on true events: Flame and Citron (both noms de guerre) became national heroes. But it's really a meditation on the nature of heroism, and the quest for purity of purpose.
Straightforward, brutal and exciting, a gripping tale of men ready for death in the face of unknowable treachery and a vicious enemy.
A consistently serious, well-acted effort. It's also, at 130 minutes, a bit of a slog at points.
Despite the panache, Flame & Citron maintains a generally dour sensibility.
Madsen's action sequences are beautifully choreographed and shot, and the movie is packed with slick shootouts and narrow escapes, but it all lacks a certain oomph.
even with all the script's moralizing about the killing of innocents, Madsen still loads up his climax with truckloads of Nazi soldiers and a hail of bullets and grenades
It's hard to argue with such primal filmgoing pleasures, especially once the film introduces notions of how good people lose their morality during wartime.
Of all European nations, Denmark enjoys the nearest thing to a heroic record of resisting the Nazi occupiers -- which adds both poignancy and punch to Ole Christian Madsen's fact-based drama about two posthumously honored Danes.
As a film about the underground resistance movement in Denmark during the Nazi occupation, Flame & Citron's spies are the historical equivalent of superheroes.
You can feel the shadow of Steven Spielberg's Munich hovering over Flame & Citron, a Danish drama of resistance fighters in Copenhagen during WWII.
This noir in underlit blacks and blues grows too complex for its own good.
A luscious, evocative period piece.
Mads Mikkelsen is one of the most charismatic actors working on the international scene today. Just indulge yourself in the Pusher trilogy and After the Wedding and you'll rejoice. You might also recall him as a Bond villain in Casino Royale.
A bold, riveting tale of wartime resistance borrowing the form of a noir thriller.
A tension-filled, yet intellectual nail-biter focusing on activities of the Danish resistance during World War II.
A bold, riveting tale of wartime resistance borrowing the form of a noir thriller.
A heady take on the wartime resistance tale that drags you right into the dismay felt by its heroes.
Director Ole Christian Madsen has opted rather to make a kind of action thriller-meets-film noir hybrid, and yet visually, at least, it works.
Viewers expecting the heroics of Black Book or Female Agents may be surprised at the subdued, procedural pace Madsen opts for.
This is a sprawling but thoroughly absorbing saga that reminds you of the classic French resistance drama Army In The Shadows.
The moral horror and charismatic performances leave a deep impression.
Writer-director Ole Christian Madsen delivers plenty of excitement, but misses the tragic resonance of Jean-Pierre Melville's recently re-discovered resistance masterpiece Army In The Shadows.
As you'd imagine this is not exactly a laugh a minute, but whilst a little shapeless in places, it manages to engage and inform on many levels.
It's episodic and lengthy, but on the whole this is a well-sustained and surprisingly understated drama.
A polished, dazzlingly photographed tale of Resistance heroes that is curiously devoid of tension.
A well-made, satisfying film.
Noirer-than-thou wartime drama, which wants terribly to show the movement in a murky light, perhaps explaining the murky lighting.
The film's so stodgy that you quickly lose any interest in the National Socialist-baiting pair, making a long film seem much, much longer.
As you'd imagine this is not exactly a laugh a minute, but whilst a little shapeless in places, it manages to engage and inform on many levels.
Impressively directed, sharply written wartime thriller with strong performances from its two leads, though it drags considerably in the middle section and is at least 30 minutes too long.
Ole Christian Madsen directs with crisp conviction, however, and strong crescendi. And a truth-based story always helps.
In its depiction of the crucial tests of nerve, and of their rooting-out of traitors, the film recalls L'armée des Ombres, which similarly examines the psychological conflict between killing and the gravitational pull of one's humanity.
The twists and turns of the plot keep you on tenterhooks throughout, even if this competently made film sometimes looks as if it were shot in a Denmark depleted of ordinary citizens.
Some effectively staged action and decent turns ensure this is a solid addition to the growing canon of European-made Second World War films.




@highlight

The true story of the Danish resistance in WW2, though lengthy and sprawling, is gripping and competently made.