Diagnosis: insufficient mayhem.
You could pretty much call it Aladdin Goes to War and get the point. Videogame movies are usually pretty thin on plot, but Prince of Persia is one game noted for its story.
An entertaining blockbuster; exciting, visually appealing, well acted and very respectful to the games. [Full review in Spanish]
far from perfect, but it's fun to watch
"Prince of Persia" certainly has some entertainment value, but it suffers in the story department because it continually tries to fill the film with too much action.
Gyllenhaal might have seemed like an odd choice to top-line an action flick, given his indie leanings and wet noodle persona, but he's surprisingly tolerable as Dastan; a parkour-obsessed oik who grows into an abs-solutely un-flabulous warrior.
Someday someone is going to make a great film from a video game. Until then we have to be satisfied with being decently entertained without being hopelessly insulted. Prince of Persia manages to avoid doing either, so the wait continues.
This movie stars exactly one paleface American and several paler-faced Brits in almost all the supporting roles. The bronzer budget must have been a major line item.
...a pointless and aggressively bland big-budget disaster.
It wanders through the desert, looking for an exciting hook but never finding one.
The movie feels mediocre. It could've been much more, and so it seems the video game curse is still alive and well.
Pijesak vremena nije film koji će gledateljima dugo ostati u sjećanju, to i ne mora automatski značiti da je lo
All about the empty spectacle, sound and fury building to multiple climaxes (without the pleasure). [Blu-ray]
While Prince of Persia is no Pirates of the Caribbean, it's also nothing Bruckheimer or Disney need to feel ashamed of. My kids loved it.
The sands weigh heavily toward the action/special effects component, true to its video game origins and designed to the tastes of the fanboy gamer crowd.
Disney tries its hand at adapting a video game and deliver a wasted opportunity of a film.
Cliquez pour lire la critique...
It isn't that the film is bad, it's just that it's so bland at times you wonder if you're watching populist director like Ronald Emmerich trying to tackle a complex author like Dostoevsky.
Is it wrong to have higher expectations for a company that is capable of excellence, especially when it is spending upwards of $150 million to make a movie?
The CG-enhancements are so omnipresent here that they soon become the very opposite of "special" effects.
And this was supposed to be one of the summer's great popcorn movies? Yeesh.
Hay en esta versión cinematográfica del video juego cierto espíritu clásico que invita a recuperar algo de aquella inocencia y que hace recordar, por momentos, a aventuras como las de Indiana Jones. Solo que El Príncipe de Persia difícilmente se convierta
Memo to studio execs: 'most entertainment' and 'most entertaining' are two completely different things.
The picture seems like it would be perfect Saturday matinee fodder but it's missing the exhilaration of many of its cheesier forebears.
Lovely to look at and mildly funny but tries with sweaty desperation to be the next Pirates of the Caribbean.
... an amusing throwback to campy 1940s Technicolor adventures like Cobra Woman and Arabian Nights.
I miss the days when big-budget movies actually delivered on memorable thrills and characters. Prince of Persia has neither, only a lazy script enhanced by computer-generated visuals.
Prince of Persia revisits the formula whereby a black supporting player is willing to sacrifice himself for the righteous white-identified cause.
'It is said some lives are linked across time%u2026.' begins the ponderous narration. And it is said that some movies should only be seen on TNT and with Noah Wyle in the starring role.
Most of the time, movies based on video games seem just like movies based on video games: A sprinkling of story is added, there's a lot of jumping around, and the show is forgotten quickly even though the video game itself persists.
[A] cacophonous, frivolous adaptation of Ubisoft's Arabian Nights-themed video-game series.
Jake, so good bottoming in Brokeback Mountain, here lacks top appeal. Too bad gravitas can't be sprayed on like a tan.
Só começa a funcionar minimamente quando foge de seu óbvio subtexto (político) e se concentra na imbecilidade de seus ridículos personagens.
It plays too much like a video game.
Prince of Persia is perhaps helped by low expectations
The sheer whoosh of the story line keeps you watching anyway, and, as the prince, Jake Gyllenhaal has a hearty good-naturedness that comes as a relief amid all the turbocharged antics. He wears his heroism lightly.
I don't understand how a film with a budget exceeding $150 million could only have mediocre special effects.
It's not the best the genre has to offer, but if studios insist on making video games into movies, they could do worse.
Disney trades in the Caribbean for all of Persia with mixed results... seems to be holding back and overshooting all at the same time.
It's at its worst when it slows down for too long and gives you an opportunity to think about the plot. Luckily, that doesn't happen too often.
Middle-of-the-road adaptation is a summer snooze
Disposable family entertainment.
its lack of even one truly memorable moment is testament to its prefabricated lack of inspiration
Try as I may, I simply cannot dislike any movie with both an ostrich race and an ostrich stampede.
Newell (Four Weddings and a Funeral) is, to put it kindly, not an action guy.
Could have used more of its own magical Sands of Time, which endow the possessor with time-rewinding, mistake-correcting powers. A pinch to add chemistry between leads Jake Gyllenhaal and Gemma Arterton; a dash to delete portentous dialogue.
"Prince of Persia" is a major disappointment, a movie that hopefully will run out of time on the big screen very quickly.
The plot is impossible to follow but the full on action sequences make it fun to watch.
This is a movie that knows exactly how dumb it is.
...nothing here to rouse any interest as to where this might've ranked in the annals of action-adventures.
This effects-laden spectacle delivers just what it promises and no more.
A swashbuckler in the grand tradition, it has the ingredients of a good summer popcorn movie.
A forgettable entertainment that might be worth a matinee if you can't think of anything else to do--laundry, for example.
Sand plus swords plus long hair plus Jake Gyllenhaal minus a shirt equals good times. Entertaining, escapist B-movie fluff that does more for the female audience than its weekend competition, Sex and the City 2, ever will.
Prince of Persia is the sort of popcorn-eating, mindless actioner you'd expect for the summer, made only slightly more appealing by Jake Gyllenhaal's performance.
If I could go back in time, I wouldn't see this pic.
It goes through the proper motions to be a summer blockbuster, but I never once got hooked.
With all this stacked against it, one may understandably wonder: What could possible go right? The answer, surprisingly, is: More than you would expect.
To say that this isn't as bad as other films adapted from video games is a bit like saying that day-old roadkill doesn't smell as bad as week-old roadkill. It isn't praise so much as it's looking for the silver lining in an otherwise unfortunate situation
May be the best video game movie ever by default... I think I say that about every video game movie that comes out, because they're still forgettable by the time the next one comes out.
Another video game adaptation fail, but the blockbuster time drain isn't entirely in vain. Its mindless entertainment is excellent background noise for making out at home.
Why resist the obvious? Prince of Persia is genetically engineered to make money - and sequels.
Imagine watching someone else play a video game while another guy narrates it.
An innocuous, if frenetic, old-fashioned B-movie that seems destined for a satisfying afterlife on dvd.
The movie has you yearning to steal that dagger and make time jump forward.
I'm assuming (the video game) involves a lot of roof jumping, wall climbing and grunting. Not to mention clattering sabers and stilted chatter about destinies and loyalties.
Maybe the $200 million went towards Craft Services, its certainly not up on the screen. I honestly don't know if I liked it or not. I will say it's the best video game movie ever, but that's damning the movie with faint praise.
Yessir, it's like watching Pirates of the Caribbean with all the Jack Sparrow parts taken out. Are you salivating yet?
Like a lot of summer popcorn, it thinks it's a lot more fun than it is.
Bring a joystick to this big budget adventure. It'll give your hands something to do when you're restless.
I saw Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time? Why can't I remember anything about it?
I just wanted more than I ultimately got, the movie in need of a better villain and certainly a more interesting climax.
A rollicking, epic-scale franchise-starter that's equal parts intrigue, action and Gyllenhaal, with a dash of feisty romantic banter thrown in for good measure.
Jake Gyllenhaal as a swashbuckling hero who has insane jumping abilities and is destined to save the world? Really?
Too busy for a plot.
Dastan's use of parkour unites modern action tropes with the classic stunts used by Douglas Fairbanks, Sr. back in his heyday. Not that Gyllenhaal evinces the same buoyant ebullience, but he has his own brand of devil-may-care swash to his buckle
A soul-deadening exercise in blockbuster bloat.
It tops the list of video game-inspired movies -- which isn't saying much -- but it's also a surprisingly entertaining movie on its own, a strap-yourself-in,suspend-your-disbelief summer popcorn adventure.
I know there is nothing new under the Sun, but this time it really feels like the story is a cotton T-shirt that's been washed so many times it is see-through.
Tepid video-game fantasy flick tame enough for young teens.
Add "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time" to the short list of films based on video games, of which none to date have been worth a damn.
Although the Disney flick suffers from a silly plot and one-dimensional characters, it avoids the cinematic purgatory most video game adaptations tumble into.
It's never anything more than adolescent fluff, but the film's testosterone-fuelled charms do prove effective.
Think Jackie Chan meets the Temple of Doom.
Prince of Persia has the high-spirited air of an old-fashioned boys' action-adventure movie but, tuned to modern audiences, the conflict is predictably amplified, accelerated and constant.
As usual, the talent in Prince of Persia is generally top notch -- from the cinematographer John Seale to the parkour expert David Belle -- but the ingredients have been masticated so heavily the results are mush.
Newell orchestrates the set pieces with energy and he confidently melds live action elements with digital trickery.
Bruckheimer has an eye for potential action heroes. He turned Nicolas Cage into one when he cast him in The Rock and here he's done the same with Gyllenhaal.
If you know a kid %u2014 of the male persuasion, ideally %u2014 you might want to take him to see it. You might also want to wait at a bar while he does so.
Embarrassingly stupid costumed adventure has sand in its gears and fleas in its screenplay.
Like most Jerry Bruckheimer-produced hot-weather epics, it's big, loud and as empty as a loan shark's conscience.
Prince of Persia is a summer popcorn movie destined to leave your thoughts as soon as you leave the theatre, and its best quality is that it doesn't pretend to be anything else. And you can bring the kids.
A spectacularly silly video-game adaptation about a Fresh Prince of Gel Hair who runs around the desert with a magic dagger, a curious version of Alfred Molina and some hoity-toity chick who never breaks a sweat. It's sort of pointless.
Prince of Persia is destined to disappear into the quicksand of time, too innocuous to be hated, too bland to be remembered, just awaiting some bright optimist in a distant future to press the do-over button.
This movie is little more than a big noise bomb with jerky movements attached.
It's not a classic, but it's sturdy enough, thanks to Gyllenhaal and a sly and grousing turn by Alfred Molina as Sheikh Amar, a scoundrel with a heart of gold -- or at least, a ticker very interested in riches.
Don't think too much about its main prop and plot device -- a magic sword that can turn back the clock and change history -- and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fun ride.
The magical dagger that is able to turn back time would be a handy device for anyone who plans to attend the movie: Use it to travel 116 minutes into the past once the end credits begin to roll, and you won't have lost almost two hours of your life.
Men sporting bronzer and spewing cliches in British accents while battling evil and dealing with cheesy special effects.
On the scale of summer action films, this is to the Transformers sequel what an Andy Warhol print is to a first-grader's refrigerator painting.
At times, the game-derived story threatens to topple from the sheer weight of exposition being delivered, but, this being a Bruckheimer production, you can count on massive, explosive set-pieces to arrive to divert imminent boredom and save the day.
What goes up must come down ... while Gyllenhaal's physical skills are through the roof, the movie falls flat. Oh, for a Dagger of Time to re-do this Persian diversion.
Jake fans will love his sleeveless arms and long hair %u2013 alas, the rest of the film is hardly as memorable.
Prince of Persia is woven of recycled fibers, but by the slipping standards of summertime entertainment, it's a magic carpet ride.
The story unfolds with little regard for subtlety, and wisecracks are what pass for humor. When a gaggle of gangly ostriches offers one of the biggest laughs, wit clearly is at a premium.
Prince of Persia, a movie born of a video game, is at war with itself, and the bad guys win.
Although Prince of Persia stimulates the circulatory and nervous systems, it engages none of the higher faculties of game play. Like, say, hand-eye coordination and map-reading skills. It's a frenetic yet passive experience.
When it sticks with the stunts, when it focuses on the fighting and the various fisticuffs, all is right with the Summer cinema season.
This is in-one-ear-out-the-other kind of stuff, but it will get the job done as an air-conditioned refuge from the summer heat.
Still, there are enough moments when the characters quit talking and start climbing or fencing so that passively watching the proceedings isn't as dull as waiting for your turn at the controls.
Prince of Persia got the go-ahead from an administration at Disney that was sent on its way last year. I wouldn't be surprised if their successors at the Mouse House wish they had a magic dagger that would allow them to go back and erase this movie.
But truly folks, we're not here for the snappy dialogue. This is billed as an action-adventure, and that is exactly what you get.
Gyllenhaal is appealing, with his boyish good looks, flowing locks and well-defined body. This is as far from "Brokeback Mountain" as he could be. But it's not quite enough to justify a "See It Now!".
Not an hour in before sheer boredom sets in, so here's a potential way to pass the minutes: count how many times "Dastan" is spoken aloud. Not since Carol Anne in Poltergeist III has a character's name been so overused in the dialogue.
[A]s we hit Memorial Day Weekend, the question, "Is there something really worth seeing at the movies this season?" has yet to have come up with an answer.
There's no sense of wonder in Prince of Persia and that's a shame because it's a film which should be built almost entirely on wonder.
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time doesn't do much to advance the sub-genre of video game-inspired films
The movie is too cheerful and earnest to motivate any active dislike toward it, but not good enough to warrant any strong praise. It's the reason shrugs were invented.
The story is muddled at best, often leaving the viewer to wonder who's who, what's what and why we should care about anyone or anything. (Parental Content Review also included)
A visually lackluster and creatively inert waste of time and effort that doesn't even equal the artistic peaks of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" sequels.
More than a tad obsessed with its intricately silly mythology, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time fails to recognize the potential fun of it.
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is the first popcorn hit of the summer, a mindless, high-fructose, high-octane adventure that demands very little of your intellect but is sure to get your heart racing.
Disney-Bruckheimer digital pulp with no instincts for derring-do or beefcake inspection.
This is what the movies used to be; an action movie that doesn't take itself too seriously with a handsome leading man and a gorgeous leading lady...a lot of fun.
This mildly diverting video game adaptation strives to be nothing more than exactly that. It's both comforting in its predictability and depressing in its lack of ambition.
A swords and sandals extravaganza that flounders early on and never recovers.
the film's joyous embrace of the gaudy computerized action earns it the tag of fun, but not to be taken seriously.
Surprise! Jake Gyllenhaal is a viable action hero after all. Now all he needs is a decent action movie to star in.
I'll gladly kiss the ground for a popcorn movie like this -- one that doesn't bludgeon us for two hours and leave us with a huge headache from wearing those stupid 3-D glasses.
While Gyllenhaal doesn't quite elevate Prince of Persia or make it worth your while, he doesn't embarrass himself, either.
The movie is about two-thirds action and one-third bickering banter. The action scenes are fairly good; the banter is below the level of chit-chat from Oscar presenters.
The funny thing is that Gyllenhaal, with his boyish charm playing nicely off his buffed-up physique, actually makes a pretty decent action hero. If only we could go back in time and make Prince of Persia worthy of him.
It finally just grinds you down with its sheer dull busy-ness.
All of the action and mayhem is designed to distract the viewer from the realization that a lot of what transpires during the course of this movie makes little sense.
What's missing in Prince of Persia is a sense that all the running, jumping, climbing and fighting is leading to something. The best video games challenge you to reach the next level. Prince of Persia is content to skim the surface.
Fortunately, flesh-and-blood achievements exceed the plastic failures.
A lot of action flicks are examples of mediocrity, but a truly terrible action movie, one that shows how not to do things at every turn, is a rare thing. Perhaps this was the true destiny of Prince of Persia.
Prince of Persia will inspire filmmakers for years to come. They will watch it and say, "What a mess. I can do better."
The excitement and fun get bogged down in a story that is too slow to unfold in a failed attempt to make it epic.
Despite the focus on scope and scale, this big picture feels pretty darn small.
They have plans for a sequel. A franchise, even. But there's no reason on Earth, or anywhere, for Prince of Persia 2.
For tween boys and adventure junkies, it's wholesome (it bears the Disney brand), lighter than Robin Hood and apparently more respectful of regional culture than Sex in the City 2.
Prince of Persia is a pleasant-enough diversion that lingers about as long as, well, sand in the wind.
Director Mike Newell and a team of screenwriters do their best to please fans of the game, as well as tell a coherent story. The results are mixed at best.
With all the Disney elements in place - a treacherous uncle, a plucky princess, the funny sidekick and a hero with the eyes of an animated Disney princess - "Prince of Persia" is an unabashed popcorn flick that's quite a bit of fun.
You've seen Lord of the Rings? Here's the CVS brand.
Spinning a handsome Disney adventure out of a videogame is a testament to Bruckheimer's commercial savvy. The fact that it still isn't particularly good seems beside the point.
Even with a stellar cast and proven director, it's another banal exercise in video game adaptations.
what is dull and deflating is that its quaint, earnest charms are so old-school Disney. The possibilities of trying to integrate a video game into dramatic narrative don't really figure here until the end, but even that seems too little, too late.
It is lollipop stuff, but it's good lollipop stuff.
This is just entertaining stuff, more so than most of its ilk.
It's tons more fun and ten times better-looking than that recent sword-and-sandal suck-fest Clash of the Titans.
As a leading man, Gyllenhaal succeeds only in reminding you (a) how much Brendan Fraser or Johnny Depp or Angelina Jolie brings to the party and (b) how much more you would like being at that party.
I had fun watching all of the claptrap unfold -- or, perhaps, more than I've had at other recent big-screen spectacles, so perhaps it's only the baseness of its peers that makes this "Prince" seem even slightly regal.
Ancient catacombs, sneering villains, hammy comic relief, posh British accents, manly broad shoulders and womanly belly buttons.
If Robin Hood was the summer's snoozy epic for adults, this is the amped-up but dumbed-down teen boy counterpart.
missing that cavalier sense of adventure and contagious wave of fun that carried Pirates over its rough patches
This is as lazy and joyless and forced as any movie as I've seen lately.
You get a pinch of metaphysics with your high jinks. You also get walking-up-walls scenes worthy of The Matrix. You get cool daggers. And you get Gemma Arterton. What's not to love?
With the plot so under-nurtured, the action sequences needed to be spectacular, but many audiences will probably leave the cinema unsatisfied.
A dud in the desert. A sultan of stink. Why is Jake Gyllenhaal wandering ancient Perisa speaking with a British accent?
This is utter hokum, and it's not played with enough brazen absurdity to make it much fun.
Produced by the ridiculously successful Jerry Bruckheimer, "Prince of Persia' is an effort to create another "Pirates of the Caribbean"-type franchise. But unlike Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightley and Johnny Depp, the leads here have no chemistry.
The premise found its way into the sticky hands of producer Jerry Bruckheimer, who does what he habitually does to PG-13 action entertainment: makes it plastic, noisy, and easily dismissible.
Slick Bruck-buster dynamics anchored by Jake 'n' Gemma's sparring and sex appeal. But the scripting needs to take another leap if they want this Prince to produce some heirs.
It's sort of fun, certainly more so than the National Treasure pictures, as well as less manic (a little less) than the recent Mummy films.
The two leads are not inspired. Jake Gyllenhaal could make the cover of a muscle mag, but he plays Dastan as if harboring Spider-Man's doubts and insecurities. I recall Gemma Arterton as resembling a gorgeous still photo in a cosmetics ad.
It's like two hours of July 4th fireworks, only with flying swords and sandstorms, and raging battles and mystical palaces rising out of the desert.
For all the talk of parkour, we never once feel the true tension of someone on a high wall taking death-defying chances. Even Disney's animated Aladdin seemed to be in more danger.
It's not a good sign when a line about needing more than one ostrich to organize an ostrich race is one of the more sensible things anyone says in a movie.
... how poor is the picture's writing and how ill-equipped is Gyllenhaal at being British, Persian, an action hero, or having a pulse.
Does it make sense? Not really. Is it memorable? Absolutely not. Will it prevent you from being bored for 100 minutes? Maybe.
There's nothing terribly memorable about Prince of Persia; recalling the plot a half-hour afterward might require some effort.
Prince Of Persia works as mindless, forgettable, sit-in-the-air-conditioning entertainment, but it's not built to last, and it offers nothing lasting to an audience.
While all the right ingredients are there for Prince Of Persia, the end result is still far from a masterpiece.
It's meant to be fun, not work, but the plot is so loosely constructed it takes a lot of effort to piece things together. Better just to wait for Jake to mow down more bad guys and hit reset. Or, ahem, wait till the end.
As sword-and-sandal fantasy movies based on videogames and starring a buffed-up Jake Gyllenhaal go, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time goes pretty well.
A ditzy film that offers more evidence that good actors, good action and one-liners don't solve the one thing missing in every movie video game adaptation -- a story that makes sense.
Scraps of moderately inspired eye candy ... remain sparse and incapable of lending weight to such cash-my-paycheck-dammit material.
The film is directed with grand abandon by the illustrious Mike Newell, embracing the needs of his target audience, delivering the 'cool' factors of swordplay, ancient myths and all the pomp and colour of the imagined Persian empire of the distant past
Trust your heart is the moral of this large scale swashbuckling tale filled with sword play, thrilling non-stop action and a hint of romance
A reasonable exercise in popcorn entertainment, and not half so bad as many a film based on a videogame.
With its strong narrative sense, unpretentious humour and amusing self awareness, Prince Of Persia: The Sands Of Time is ample proof that in Hollywood, a little care goes a long way.
This family-friendly romp will undoubtedly please everyone else with its cracking plot (which is easy on the brain), and its gorgeous cast and settings (which are equally easy on the eyes).
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a great leap forward (over a corpse-ridden bed of spikes) for video game film adaptations. More importantly, it's a decent film in and of itself.
If you enjoyed Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, another video game made into a blockbuster, then you'll probably enjoy this epic action-adventure. Similar kind of shtick.
Prince of Persia largely avoids action blasts and trudges through dull episodes. Not exactly a princely start to an aspiring franchise.
Like sitting in someone else's living room watching him play a videogame...with nary a moment of actual tension or excitement in the whole, prefabricated affair.
Says a lot about a film when a balaclava-clad suicidal ostrich is one of its only highlights. For Gyllenhaal and Arterton completists only.
Daft dialogue and silly costumes, sword fights and death-defying stunts, breathless chases and slithering snakes. Nonsense but entertaining nonsense.
Prince of Persia is meant purely as light entertainment, but the way it draws on layers of junk is depressing.
Tonally, the film feels like Aladdin meets Indiana Jones
Any attempt to create a magical fun adventure instead falls flat, ultimately turning into a convoluted mess that barely registers once the end credits roll.
Prince of Persia is frothy light entertainment but it's frothy light entertainment done right. It delivers exactly the sort of cinema experience that it promises to deliver with more integrity and a little more substance than most.
click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses
So convoluted that its protagonists have to regularly stop and shout out what "must" be done to ensure all the 10-year-olds in the audience don't get hopelessly confused.
A fast-moving swashbuckler with an Arabian Nights flavour and the kind of athleticism that made Douglas Fairbanks a star in the silent era.
There's simply nothing good about it. The special effects are ropey, the plot creaks, the performances are indifferent and - worst of all - it patronises the viewer with dialogue that explains what's about to happen at every turn.
Yet another example of the criminal recidivism of the American blockbuster. When will they learn? When will we?
Its restraint might put off thrill-seekers, but if you can endure the wooden dialogue and sloppy exposition, it musters the entertainment quotient of a middle-order Harry Potter.
Prince of Persia won't linger long in the memory -- but then it probably wasn't meant to.
Jake and Gemma make a gorgeous-looking couple and there's plenty of exciting action. Just sit back and enjoy a fun popcorn movie.
Despite the efforts of the cast, the lack of creative storytelling flair scuppers the sense of adventure and fun one would expect from a Jerry Bruckheimer summer blockbuster.
To see film reduced like this, to the far less exciting and involving artefact in a franchise, is pretty depressing. It even makes you begin to feel that the whole form is tatty and defunct.
While it's beautifully shot, well performed and undoubtedly fun to watch, it all feels somewhat soulless; calculated to tick every blockbuster box rather than to create something new and original.
The script reeks, the characters are charmless toons and the special effects look like they've time-warped into a film from a decade ago.
Taking little from the award-winning game series, this coasts by on its Saturday matinée charms and the likeable leads' love-hate chemistry.
With the stunt and effects guys whipping up a sandstorm of swash and buckle, plus Arterton's alluring combination of brass and bosom, only the meanest haggler would argue that you don't get enough sword and sandal for your shekel.
A perfectly enjoyable, albeit flawed, popcorn-friendly blockbuster, it just about takes the crown as the best videogame adaptation to date
File under "underwhelming," but "better than the Clash of the Titans remake."
The film is beautifully shot, courtesy of John Seale's gorgeous cinematography, and the special effects are extremely impressive, especially during the exciting finale.
En mi caso, me temo que buscaría las arenas del tiempo para regresar y pedir a los productores y estudio que lo vuelvan a hacer y lo hagan mejor. Mucho mejor.
Rejoice! Hollywood have, at long last, made a video game adaptation that is not complete tripe.
There's too much wrong with the film for it to really engage. You'll want to take the journey, but it'll go out of its way to make sure you can't quite manage it.
A cheesy, simplistic, special-effects adventure that's likely to appeal to very young boys.
Falls short of The Curse of the Black Pearl in perhaps every way but costume.
A summertime treat that "reverses time" to when flicks were just plain fun.
A handsome, fast-paced and innocuous adventure that's easy to take but lacks epic scale.
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is silky to the touch, but slips from the mind all too easily.


@highlight

It doesn't offer much in the way of substance, but Prince of Persia is a suitably entertaining swashbuckler -- and a substantial improvement over most video game adaptations.