Fay's intercontinental quest for the missing, maybe dead Henry is also a search for his now fragmented writings, whose meaning is both constantly evolving and forever evaporating.
A disappointing zany character-driven comedy directed by the once promising indie cult auteur Hal Hartley.
Shows Hartley shrinking even as he goes global
Slyly, almost imperceptibly comedic, Fay Grim is indeed a film by Hal Hartley, who wrote, directed, edited and scored the film. But it's also Parker Posey's film
Without a good quality story, all the eccentricity is just window dressing.
Hartley pretzels his faux spy plot into "Syriana"-like knots and ends up with a fascinating if somewhat flawed absurdist romp.
The nicest surprise of the movie is how long and how well Fay Grim works as a contemporary screwball comedy, a genre from which Hartley's diffuse yet severe sense of irony would seem to disbar him.
Posey's fans will love her performance, even if they have a little trouble following the rather contrived adventure ... which is so talky, it's tiresome.
FAY GRIM turns out to be something of a disappointment.
Luckily, there is Hartley's immense wit to carry it through, but wit can be a dangerous gift, especially when the capacity to be clever overwhelms all else.
It's odd, endearing and weirdly funny for an hour, and after that it's a bit of a self-conscious mess.
Overall, though, Fay Grim only occasionally connects with the viewer. It is a film so caught up in its own cleverness and cheekiness that -- despite the solid work by its cast -- it forgets to make you truly care about its characters.
The story is deliberately perplexing, and while the logic of the serpentine narrative surely makes sense, Hartley is more concerned with the cadences and rhythms of the spy movie itself.
Nothing short of a comic feast.
"Fay Grim" is the most inarticulate and grueling of all Hal Hartley's films, and a complete waste of time.
A stunningly abysmal sequel to 1998's very interesting Henry Fool. Even the appealing Posey can do little to redeem this totally misguided, convoluted disaster.
In the end, it turns out to be an interesting film, but it takes forever to work up enough steam.
Oy Fay! Starts out a winner but takes a left turn in Europe and turns out pretty Grim.
Fay Grim is less concerned with the details of contemporary spy-craft and global deception than with broader moral questions.
Movie sequels rarely work as well as literary serials, but the Henry and Fay movies have the ring of a satisfying trilogy in the making.
Hartley has been on a spotty run; his last film to get a proper theatrical release in Portland was made nearly a decade ago. But he recovers nicely with this witty, crackpot comedy about love, espionage, trust and secrecy.
The involved backstory and Hartley's own generic music both prove burdensome; the main attraction is the cast's amusing way of handling Hartley's mannerist dialogue and conceits.
"We don't buy for a minute the motivations behind any of the large number of characters, and Posey is nowhere near able to carry the movie."
[Director Hartley] has a solid lead in Posey, who's amusing, especially as her character gains confidence and as she begins to turn the tables on the duplicitous Fulbright and others.
A fun whirligig of a thriller that comes dangerously close to killing the buzz from its idiosyncratic delights, but manages to survive (mostly) intact.
I would have liked to see what Hal Hartley's latest would have been like if he kept Henry [Fool} an enigmatic legend rather than a real, not very likable character/actor.
Hartley has chosen the hallmark of a great remake -- reinvention -- in approaching the concept of the sequel, for better and for worse.
This is a perfect role for Posey and she plays it to the hilt, with the rest of the cast providing complementary lunacy.
At two hours, it does get a bit overwhelming to keep up, but there are worse places to be stuck for 120 minutes.
There's a thin line between goofing irreverently on the maddeningly convoluted nature of spy thrillers and actually being a muddled mess, and Fay Grim crosses it constantly during its deadly second hour.
Recycling espionage-a-go-go conventions while namechecking global conflicts doesn't shed light on any state we're in; it just feels fatigued.
Fay Grim arrives like a breath of fresh air in a stale summer of big budget sequels. It's smart, breezy, serious and silly. It also allows Parker Posey to shine.
I envisioned Hartley coaching his actors, "You're showing too much emotion! I want you to sound more as if you're reading those lines!"
Despite its imperfections, Fay Grim is worth seeing for Posey's and Goldblum's performances and particularly for the witty, literate dialogue.
Clever, fast-paced and surprisingly moving, Fay Grim takes a page from Alfred Hitchcock's Americans-abroad thrillers, in which the glossy surface lies lightly over betrayal and disillusionment.
Fay Grim makes giddy sense to a point, but Hartley seems trapped in a bubble of his own, failing to let us in on a joke that would be funnier if its punch line weren't so quirkily obscure.
Fay Grim is a farce in which people die and lives are ruined. Which is to say, it's peculiarly funny, but you have to be an existentialist with lightning-fast reflexes to get all the jokes.
You won't see another film like Fay Grim this year, and we should give [Hal] Hartley credit for making it work on his own terms.
Parker Posey is one of the indie queens used feebly by Hollywood, but in the hands of Hartley she is the star needed and right on schedule.
Where Henry Fool was a resonant study of friendship, art, trust and politics, Fay Grim is just a throwaway joke.
The feeling of the original film has been lost.
Fay Grim is like watching stoners playing Risk and Clue at the same time.
Hartley's work has always been an acquired taste. While Fay Grim is too uneven to win him many converts, it is laced with enough intelligence and wit to remind longtime fans why they were drawn to his unique vision in the first place.
This film feels like Hartley has been handed a Bourne or a Bond movie to direct and maintained his own style and low-budget aesthetic while thoroughly enjoying and deconstructing his new toy.
Too eruditely loquacious for its own good.
Part satire, part action flick and complete ball of confusion, it's hard to tell what director-writer Hal Hartley intends with this often-amateurish, often dull, always frustrating film.
The more complicated it gets the less interesting it becomes; the joke is just overloaded, and at almost two hours, too long.
In the end Fay Grim probably shares one unfortunate quality with the Hollywood movies so reviled in IndieWorld: It may be an unnecessary sequel.
Fay Grim plays like a cadre of smug high-school drama students absolutely convinced everyone will be as amused by their antics as they are.
Fay Grim is tortured in its attempt at cleverness, and plays endlessly.
Fay Grim is not exactly a sequel but the law of diminishing returns applies to it just the same.
Hartley's film doesn't match up to the cockamamy punch of its predecessor, but it's enough to see Posey run riot through the director's skewed visions.
Fay Grim falls victim to its own worried hyperactivity; it shuts you out with chattery paranoia. Hartley wants us to see the big picture, but he forgets we need artists like him to bring it into focus.
Behind it all is a great, deadpan laugh; I like it a good deal more than Henry Fool.
Fay Grim gets so carried away with the intricacies of its plot that it gets lost in its own excessive cleverness.
The picture is a misfire, but not a crash, and signals a newfound desire on Hartley's part to return to his roots and explore how he used to conduct business.
Hal Hartley brings back Parker Posey as the spy who knows too little in this quick-witted follow-up to his 1998 "Henry Fool."
Arch, annoyingly complicated and insufferably smug, this will appeal only to those for whom Hartley and Posey can do no wrong.
Too hip to play it straight and too cool to resort to an actual story, [director Hal] Hartley turns the whole rambling spy game into a puzzle box...
For most of the way Fay Grim is a very dry slice of deadpan humor.
...while Fay Grim has initial, humorous promise it devolves into a convoluted morass...the search for Henry is far more interesting that the finding of him.
Posey commands the screen, so heartbreakingly hysterical there should be an entirely new definition for what it is the actress is able to accomplish within this story's modest (if constantly evolving) storyline.
Hal Hartley's Fay Grim strikes me as something of an elaborate mistake, a wasted opportunity and a script Hartley should have discarded. But I liked it anyway.
Fay Grim sorely tests the tenacity of [Hal] Hartley's most zealous fans.
The joke in Hal Hartley's deadpan semi-comedy Fay Grim is that the smart, self-aware characters can never see what's right in front of them.
Strikes a fine balance between the serious and the silly.
The unorthodoxy of the film is perhaps its biggest asset -- along with the idea that a personal cinema can still exist, be so entertaining and provide something new to feel about character -- and maybe even the universe.
A wild and wacky movie about international politics, terrorism, and the antics of an American trickster.
The majority of the signs point to a director on the decline. Or not, maybe. It's complicated.
The faux espionage plot, with its winks at terrorism, is really just a convoluted plea for the relevance of precious indie artistes (i.e., Hal Hartley).
Facetious and acutely stagy to the point of preposterous.
With all manner of backstories and flashbacks jamming the road, the Posey-mobile starts to swerve and sputter and finally blows a tire.
a work with heady theological implications that is brilliant, funny, iconoclastic, and so deeply true that it is almost too beautiful to bear
The final, tragically uncomprehending close-up of Posey is perfect in a way Hartley didn't intend. It mirrors our incomprehension at his loss of imagination.
What lures the film into disaster, is that [director] Hartley lets slip his sense of humor (always his strongest asset) and begins to believe his own plot.
Hartley should stick to what he knows best - the wacky and eccentric, sometimes annoying but exceedingly touching lives of the blue collar world where he grew up, in an extended family of Long Island iron workers.
When it runs in circles... it exists only for the "art" and can be annoying as hell.
Insufficient information about what's at stake.
Hartley miraculously manages to make a grandly entertaining (and relevant) movie that never seems as if it's being too cloying.
A work that stylishly tilts satire and reality with a grand dose of classic Posey.
What borders on a pleasingly intricate spy plot lead by the grimacing Parker Posey gets hopelessly tangled in the wrinkles in the story, and it all never quite pays off.
The style never makes enough of an impression to justify the complete disconnect it creates between the story and the viewer.
Tautly written dialogue flawlessly performed by the principals, especially Posey and Goldblum, keeps the film moving along at a speedy clip.
Instead of growing as an artist, [Hartley] seems to be treading water.
Everybody's trying too hard--or not hard enough
Hartley's 1997 allegory about art and celebrity "Henry Fool," which divided critics and never found an audience, gets a loose, uneven updating in this surreal espionage thriller that plays like John Le Carre recast as postmodern absurdist yarn.
Hartley is a man with a lot to say about what's going on in the world these days, and while the trademark irreverence is very much intact, his venture into a much broader, international landscape proves more admirable than rewarding.
A bizarre yet highly entertaining romp.



@highlight

Fay Grim is too concerned with its own farcical premise to present a coherent, involving story.