A little too mopey and sexist for its own good. But the cast is engaging enough to keep us interested
I think this filmmaker has a future.
A good writer starts with characters and plot and allows the themes to come naturally from the story. Sean Ellis' script for Cashback is all theme, and it's not that interesting a one to begin with.
The first thing one will probably respond to, after the brief rampant nudity, is the exquisite cinematography by Angus Hudson.
Cashback aspires to be equal parts Volkswagen ad and Nicholson Baker's The Fermata, yet compares unfavorably to both.
Ellis seems to believe that artists have an enlightened sense of beauty and greater access to it than common folk. And he may be right: He's clearly mastered the skill of convincing art-school chicks to take their clothes off.
Cashback is light, smart, and enjoyable, and it makes me eager to see what Ellis has planned for his next outing.
The film lags badly in the middle; the flashbacks to Ben's childhood aren't especially interesting and the lengthy soccer sequence is sheer dead weight.
As observers we can project our own fantasies onto Ben's, and [director] Ellis enhances this dreamy effect with low-budget ingenuity, like cleverly executing location changes in the same unbroken shot.
Imagine Kevin Smith with a background in poetry and painting instead of comic books and bestiality jokes, and you'll have an idea of what to expect from an exciting new filmmaker named Sean Ellis, whose terrific debut is called Cashback.
It's no small trick to blend fantasy, slapstick and genuine emotion, but [director] Ellis pulls it off with whimsy to spare.
Cashback's eccentricity holds, but Ellis and his audience would have benefited from a clearer direction and a bit more restraint.
Beware films with protagonists depicted as vastly more sensitive than their fellow characters. The result may be a crock like Cashback.
[Director] Ellis has rounded up all the actors for this feature adaptation but doesn't add much to the 18-minute original besides a tedious boy-meets-girl.
The movie is lightweight, as it should be. It doesn't get all supercharged. Ben and Sharon, despite setbacks, are delighted to be admired by such wonderful partners, and we are happy for them.
CASHBACK is a likable film that is bolstered by Ellis' terrific eye for composition.
...focuses on a pervert who thinks he's a romantic. The more sincere this guy gets about his leering, the more he creeps you out.
Funny but not really profound.
A flair for language both cinematic and verbal elevates an ordinary coming-of-age comedy of little substance.
Cashback remains a striking cinematic debut for Ellis and a fluid detour into the hidden pockets of the mind.
Certain shots evidence Ellis' skill at composing static images, but his messy staging of a soccer game, a painful piece of failed slapstick, proves he has not quite arrived as a feature film director.
A very romantic portrait of a young artist as he ponders love, beauty and living in the moment.
Ellis has expanded Cashback into a full-length movie that shares the short's strengths but doesn't come up with anything new.
A sleek little meditation on beauty, desire, love and time. Now and then, it's fairly sophisticated stuff.
It's awkwardly drawn out to feature length with not-truly-comic secondary characters on the supermarket team, and go-nowhere incidents like a soccer match with a rival store and an unresolved encounter with another time-stopper.
Cashback springs from that childhood fantasy of being able to stop time and wander freely among the temporarily frozen. If only writer-director Sean Ellis had done more than use the conceit for a functional romance.
Offers such a 13-year-old boy's perspective on love and sex that you wouldn't even trust it to unhook a bra.
How ironic that Richard Lester had to go all the way to England to make that chef-d'oeuvre of sex comedies, The Knack... and How to Get It, while Ellis stays home and churns out the British answer to American Pie.
There's a lot of promise here, but Cashback can't get out of its own way.
Isn't nearly as good as Ellis' original short, being little more than a series of vignettes masquerading as a feature film.
Somehow, Ellis manages to combine a Gen-X slacker film with a touching coming-of-age movie... and it works.
Wong Kar-wai on aisle 4 and Michel Gondry on aisle 6, with Kevin Smith as mop jockey at all points in between -- such is the lost-in-the-supermarket milieu of writer-director Sean Ellis's whimsical comedy.
Guaranteed to be a hit with onanistic adolescent boys blinded by raging hormones.
...heralds the arrival of a fiercely original cinematic presence.
If they taught the film in schools, the class might be dubbed The Art of Boosting the Self and Ragging on Women Through Tired Aesthetics.
This inert movie, in the style of early sitcom, fails the first test by having its central character as the least interesting of all the ones on the screen.
Would that the plotline came up to the poster's level of intriguing suggestiveness.
A smart, funny film, one that does a good job of conveying some of the struggles faced by young males who are smart, lacking in self-assurance, and just a bit aimless.
Considering the entire uneventful and unpleasant proceedings, 'cash back' may have been the worst highly suggestive choice of title possible for the audience to contemplate.
note to next short-turn-feature film director: please, please, pretty please, don't stretch the hell out of your beautiful short when you don't have enough stuff to make it to full length, no matter how pretty you can make it look
Le photographe britannique signe un de ces films gravitant en retrait dans l'univers du cinéma tout en suivant une constante bien définie chez certains jeunes réalisateurs
Apparently unsure whether to make an arty romantic fantasy à la Amelie or something that might go down better with the readers of FHM, British first-timer Sean Ellis tries to do both.
The feature version of a 2004 award-winning British short depicts a sensitive art student who manages to freeze time, allowing him to undress women at his Sainsbury's supermarket and sketch them nude.
Slickly charming, genteelly erotic and directed with supreme polish.









@highlight

An unlikable protagonist, messy editing, and gratuitous nudity might make audiences ask for their cash back.