Despite its fine acting and intellectual ambitions, "Annihilation" still delivers its genre thrills.
Annihilation is the real deal, doing what science fiction and horror are supposed to do, speaking dark truths about our condition while planting seeds of dread in fertile imaginative soil.
Definitely fills the void for fans of vague universal doom and evolutionary paranoia.
Here is a movie so thoroughly realized, so utterly entrenched in the harrowing ordeals of its characters, that their struggles touch on the very nervous system of our need to endure.
The visuals are astounding, and the when the story dives headlong into examinations of self and self-destruction, the movie really takes a leap.
an absorbing, frequently powerful, and at times insightful film that smartly deploys its sci-fi trappings to keep us engaged while leaving us with just the right touch of ambiguity to chew on afterwards
Alex Garland beautifully subverts cliches of both fantasy and horror genres, making a film that gets under the skin to properly freak us out
A gripping sci-fi spectacular that's richly designed and filled with modest philosophical questions.
Garland has built a perturbing allegory to process the anxieties of living in a world where the technological links appear to prefer totality over the individual. [Full Review in Spanish]
A potent and suspenseful trek into heady sci-fi.
The ending, cryptic, meaningless and with the worst CGI of the entire film, buries it all and confirms any doubts; the film is a robbery that looks more interesting than it is. [Full Review in Spanish]
Garland, well supported by the imaginative production design Mark Digby and the work of five special effects companies, has directed a worthy film of adventure, horror and existential reflection. (In Spanish)
Wildly ambitious, occasionally alienating, and consummately perplexing; an irritant to the mind and spirit that demands self-reflection.
Absorbing and hypnotic, Annihilation is the best kind of sci-fi film - the kind that challenges and subverts the genre, all the while introducing new ideas that you'll see in films to come.
It's certain that the astonishing special effects would have worked better on a larger cinema screen, and it's a shame to lose their impact. But the dialogue is clunky and the plot disjointed.
Annihilation is almost certainly a film which will demand and reward repeated viewings.
Intelligent, original and exactly what Hollywood really needs right now.
The film intelligently plays between the past and the present, in both cases with exceptional art direction. [Full Review in Spanish]
Annihilation is a great movie; complex, polyhedral and open to new readings in subsequent viewings. [Full review in Spanish]
The more familiar aspects of Annihilation are enlivened by the entirely female dynamic, who seldom conform to simplistic group archetypes.
Rich and intriguing, with many memorable tableaus and at least one outstanding sequence, destined to be known henceforth as "the chair and the bear".
An exciting, imperfect genre success.
A challenging sci-fi masterpiece that demands multiple viewings.
Annihilation is science fiction that is unashamed to be weird and disturbing. There's a market for that, though it may not be a mass one.
Tantalizing "Annihilation" fails to come together.
A science fiction that combines aliens and monsters to discuss depression, suicide and self-transformation. [Full review in Portuguese.]
It's audacious stuff, topped by a lovely twist ending, and deserving of more than a casual skim through on an iPad.
[It] may feel familiar but in ways that are intentionally unsettling.
Well-done science fiction, artful and glimmering special effects, a script that unfolds its secrets carefully so that you are constantly surprised at each new revelation and, finally, a delicious sense of creepiness throughout, I highly recommend this.
... an ambitious film with a fabulous feminine ensemble, solid ideas, diluted in the imperious need to be condescending with the audience... [Full review in Spanish]
You're left feeling that somewhere there's a killer punch that never gets unleashed. Still, if you're a Netflix subscriber, this is an agreeable little bonus package.
An extraordinary work of science fiction that owes a great debt to Tarkovsky... [Full review in Spanish]
The film might lose a certain humanism in its devotion to such formalism, and the very underhanded, un-Tarkovskian way it doesn't explicitly ask the questions it is asking, but Annihilation isn't defiantly anti-humanist, either.
Writer-director Alex Garland is certainly carving out a niche for himself, with movies in which people literally carve into themselves (or others) to check if they're still human.
Highly recommended viewing, a patient puzzler that invites comparisons to Solaris and Arrival in how it sees the deeply personal collide with the incomprehensible.
Once again, Garland offers a provocative and reflective take on the apocalypse, with better-than-blockbuster special effects realized on a relatively low budget.
Garland's vision extols each theme with a detailed staging in which it seems that very few things are left to chance. [Full review in Spanish]
Drawing on mythology and body horror, Annihilation is an intelligent film that asks big questions and refuses to provide easy answers. Sci-fi at its best.
It's one of the most stunning displays of directorial vision in recent memory, sure to be a classic of the genre in the years to come.
A spectacular work of science fiction that not only gets under your skin but it becomes part of it.
The movie's tug-of-war between thrills and fuzzy philosophical waxing results in something much too close to a zero-sum game.
Paramount executives were concerned Garland's movie was "too intellectual" and "too complicated" to appeal to wider audiences. What rubbish - Annihilation is the thrilling, smart science-fiction movie you need in your life...
Portman's high-tension acting, her inability to relax, suits the material down to the ground. It's one of her best performances ...
Quietly, pervasively uncomfortable.
the kind of allegorical, even spiritual, sci-fi found in Solaris and Stalker, or, more recently, in Imitation Girl, in which characters are on a quest to find their identity in alterity, their self in otherness, & their innermost being in the alien.
A provocative, brainy sci-fi/horror spectacle, that lingers for quite some time. Can't wait to see it again. [Full review in Spanish]
This sci-fi/horror hybrid is brainy, challenging, and experimental. Those shouldn't be dirty words.
This movie is crazy...I like horror movies, and this movie scared me so, so much.
A film this meticulous and poignant will have a life of its own, because it is about life itself.
This is a film that, while gorgeous on a surface level, becomes something far more impressive as the layers are peeled away.
Annihilation does offer enough surreal horror within its visual spectacle to make it worth recommending to sci-fi fans, but I can't help but feel that it is fairly empty thematically.
...like all the best horror, Annihilation is steeped in character, mood, and ideas.
That verdant blend of Giger and Carpenter is fantastic, but what will really stay with you is the effect all this has on the characters.
Though the film veers away greatly from the original text, the dreamy ambience of the book is very much intact.
Top-notch sci-fi and a chilling allegory for humanity's capacity for self-destruction.
Garland's ambition occasionally outstrips his execution but Annihilation is nonetheless proper, intelligent sci-fi.
'Annihilation' draws you in, teasing you with hints, but - like many recent science fiction offerings - frustrates audiences by obscuring its answers and cloaking them in ambiguity.
2018's first masterpiece.
What this movie does have are some solid characters. These are soldiers in a war against an unknown enemy. Like a band of brothers in a war movie, the team forms its own identity, based on the personality of its leader and its members.
Annihilation is sad, upsetting, scary, mystifying, and destined for debate.
Sinister, shimmering sci-fi thriller that challenges audiences with cosmic molecular science....
A strangely intoxicating mind-trip of an adventure that relies more on sound, feel, and sight than it does on providing answers to the perplexing questions at its heart
Here as in Ex Machina (2015), Garland's creative élan comes from his merging of sleek conceptual art and messy, juicy drama.
Garland's version is a worthy mutation.
Garland, one of the smartest directors making speculative fiction films today, fills his screen with terrible beauty.
You might like this misguided mess of a fantasy if you like movies that keep their secrets so well, for so long, that the stakes lessen and you stop caring.
Unlike most simplistic, tidy, instantly disposable Hollywood sci-fi fare, this one doesn't spoon-feed. It Kubricks us.
[Alex Garland has] perfected an atmospheric cocktail of foreboding music, the threatening half-dark of twilight, and mysterious characters who bury secrets.
What's impressive is Annihilation's willingness and ability to evoke the soul-sickness that leads to great moments of art, great moments of self-destruction, and an equation of the two.
"You don't get it" is a more strategic posture than "Nothing to see here." But the latter is where I ended up, exhausted by the journey and bored by its conclusions.
Writer/director Alex Garland delivers a striking and impressively captivating opening stretch that instantly captures the viewer's attention and interest...
The movie may be cerebral, but it also packs a gut punch.
There's some grisly predation-metastasized nature's red in fang and claw-but the clearest message here concerns the constancy of change.
It's heady sci-fi horror, with plenty of analogies to ponder, and some truly gorgeous imagery.
Despite The Shimmer, this movie certainly doesn't shine.
Making movies steeped in vagueness these days is proving to be an excellent way to earn critical praise, but being artfully ambiguous strikes me as a way to cover for not being able to finish the job.
It's a mind-bending film, and one that also plays with warping the medium as well, especially during its final act.
It's a must-see for anyone who loves the truly speculative side of science fiction.
This is a film that is both disturbing and provocative, leaving viewers to draw their own conclusions.
When Lena ventures into that hole in the floor of the lighthouse, the worlds she opens up are truly astounding. We might even say they're worth the trip.
Atlanta can be great because you never expect what it might do next. But that's far from the only reason it's great, as the start of season two so potently demonstrates.
This is one of those films that will require six or so viewings before it starts to make sense.
I'm not exactly sure what to make of this movie but I can't seem to shake it.
Annihilation's commitment to older psychoanalytic (and deconstructionist) models for the self and its inexpressible shadows makes this a readily accessible drama of emotion.
...boldly marches into formidable territory, where it might be out of its depth.
It is scary, thrilling, fascinating and beautiful - all at the same time.
'Annihilation' is an art-house science-fiction story.
Annihilation is some heady nightmare fuel, but its most striking quality may be how little it has in common with the current trends in mainstream science fiction.
The kind of film that made me stand around outside the theater as it closed for thirty minutes with my friends talking about it.
Annihilation is a thing of immense beauty and intoxicating complexity.
Annihilation is a remarkable achievement. It lingers, burned into your thoughts, branded on the brain. It is nothing short of a masterpiece, and the fact that it exists at all is something worth celebrating.
In this numbingly ludicrous science-fiction drama, written and directed by Alex Garland, a talented cast of actors play undeveloped characters delivering leaden dialogue in a haphazard story that's filmed with a bland slickness.
...an inscrutable sci-fi excursion that is filled with tension and outstanding special effects and production design without making a bit of sense...like going to a whodunit and when the movie ends not having a clue whodunit.
It's always grand to hear Crosby, Stills and Nash in any movie, and their "Helplessly Hoping" here brings a meaningful and calming beauty to it all.
A metaphoric mind-bender that will find favor with select moviegoers while absolutely alienating everyone else.
Portman is painfully restrained in the lead role, looking upon biological impossibilities and mutilated corpses with the same distant curiosity.
A challenging, rich science fiction film that rewards patient audiences, although many will find the film tough to follow.
This movie, unlike something produced for mass audiences, is about what happens in the calm moments between the loud, splashy sequences.
Annihilation is a demented science-fiction comic book of a movie that makes less sense than a butterfly mating with a buffalo.
Very much about trust within a marriage between equals as outside forces of alienation weigh on them. It's two pictures, but best big and loud, strange and now.
Alex Garland's second directorial outing after the excellent Ex Machina, this brainy, metaphysical sci-fi is even more ambitious and more amazing. But its challenging conclusion could be a hard sell.
Annihilation titillates the eyes of adrenaline junkies while also appealing to the flawed hearts of lovers.
When it comes to real comic inspiration, it never passes Go and does not collect $200.
This is a world one wants to crawl inside and live in for hours, maybe even days, at a time, the dangers of doing so almost secondary to the naturalistic discoveries and environmental truths that could potentially be revealed.
Garland's Annihilation is disturbing. Not the whole way through, maybe, but there's at least one scene that qualifies as high-octane nightmare fuel...Annihilation is well-made and absorbing, and yet still not quite its own thing in the end.
A wild and bizarre singular vision from Garland ... and exhilarating if you're here for it. Confounding if you're not.
Annihilation is the kind of film that will endure the test of time, even as it no doubt fades away quickly at the multiplex, and confirms Alex Garland as one of the most exciting new filmmakers working today.
Garland has a gift for locating the horror inside that silliness, and this is what gives the film such a kicky, off-center quality. You laugh at it and gasp at it simultaneously.
The result is a film that has the feel of brainy, high-end science fiction, but ultimately neither the underlying structure nor content. It's a shame, given that we are in the midst of a modest heyday for the subgenre.
Annihilation feels wholly unexpected and raw. It is a disturbing film for reasons that are almost metaphysical.
Annihilation maintains a persistent sense of tension that keeps things compelling and will leave you wondering if you need to see it again (or just go read the source material) to make sure you understood what you just saw.
Basic elements shatter and recombine in ways that, like the movie, startle and intrigue without ultimately cohering.
On a purely visual, and visceral, level, Annihilation is haunting and memorable.
Garland would have done well sticking with either fantasy or sci-fi, but half-assed both.
Heavy on atmosphere, light on content. Derivative sci fi murk and chronological mush.
Annihilation is a portentous movie, and a cerebral one. It's gorgeous and immersive, but distancing. It's exciting more in its sheer ambition and its distinctiveness than in its actual action.
The problem with Annihilation isn't that it's too heady; it's that it's not heady enough.
While brilliant at times it feels like a hodgepodge collection of scenes and elements from past sci-fi films that starts off promisingly but loses steam as it unfolds. (Full Content Review for Parents also available - Violence, Profanity, Sex, etc.)
Annihilation is the best kind of cinematic experience, one that floods the senses without battering them into submission, and one that moves the mind and heart without manipulating them. It's a staggering thing to witness.
Writer-director Alex Garland continues his assault on human specialness (and humanity in general), this time going so far as to loop in the self among the parts of us subject to genetic malleability.
Portman smoothly conveys both delicate intellect and physical strength, a tough combination to pull off, while Jason Leigh is terrifyingly serene. Rodriguez, in stark contrast to her Jane the Virgin roots, was born to play an action heroine.
The movie plays like a dream, at times verging upon a nightmare as layers of the unknown peel back to reveal something both completely alien and horrifyingly familiar.
Alex Garland has now made two of the finest science fiction films of the 2010s, and cements himself as one of the most exciting filmmakers in the genre.
Everything a modern science fiction film should be ...
In this recent wave of sci-fi films, it's one of the best.
"Annihilation" may not leave you satisfied, but if you're not afraid to get a little weird, it's a movie you won't forget.
There's a lot of Tarkovsky in Annihilation, too much to be screened on the local multiplex. And that's just one of the virtues of Garland's fascinating sci-fi/horror hybrid. [Full Review in Spanish]
There's one scene that is so hair-raisingly horrific, it's still creeping me out days after I saw the movie.
Annihilation is a riveting mix of the fantastically beautiful with the horrific and terrifying.
Consistently tantalizing but also deliberately obscure...You might come out of 'Annihilation' wondering about what you just saw, but the sense of wonderment will stay with you.
If Garland must play by some of modern Hollywood's rules, he abandons them in just about every other way.
A beautiful, riveting sci-fi mystery that annihilates any notion of what a big-budget studio thriller can be.
"Annihilation" really isn't worth seeing. Still, if you meet someone who has seen it, have them tell you the good parts.
Can a flower be scary? Yes, a flower can be scary.
Garland's creeping pace lulls you on an almost molecular level; he's made something akin to an end-of-the-world film, but one in which the changes afoot might not be wholly bad, title be damned.
Garland uses luscious, even seductive visuals in the verdant Florida swamp setting to beguile and horrify us, sometimes both at once.
Bold, metaphysical and just plain weird
An intoxicating and unnerving sci-fi offering, one whose images tease and stimulate, more than confuse and create distance.
Alex Garland's Annihilation is a bracing blend of cerebral sci-fi and grindhouse terror, a genre movie that's more, maybe too much for some viewers.
Astonishing work is at play here, and it is refreshing to see five women spearheading the story.
Annihilation is a movie that's impossible to shake.
Moviegoers attracted to this film's sci-fi/horror billing should be warned: It's not particularly scary, the characters aren't deeply developed and the plot is at best uninspired.
But I spent more time in the theater debating whether I wanted to know more or less about Area X than being invested in what happens to the protagonist. In both the Earthlings and the aliens, there's just too much blankness.
A '50s-shlock, forbidden-planet monster movie in the key of Solaris.
If one goes to the movies to have one's mind blown open by the new and the challenging, this is something to see.
Writer-director Alex Garland has made an atom bomb of a movie, fiery and all-consuming and quite unnatural. It fills every inch of our heads with its beautiful terrors.
Annihilation is high-minded science fiction where only those who actively enjoy thinking about and dissecting multiple themes need apply
Without a baseline assumption of canned male toughness and bravado, the characters in Annihilation are freer to have more a more interesting dynamic-their steeliness and sorrow, their fear and flintiness, intriguingly commingle and inform one another.
It succeeds in making the audience experience that same level of mystery and confusion that those on screen are experiencing.
Gina Rodriguez and Tessa Thompson especially stand out, and though they get a decent amount of screentime, I wanted even more.
"Annihilation" holds you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.
The result is daringly original and frequently beautiful, a shimmering treat from a singular intelligence.
Here is a film that wholly embraces the concepts of the unknown and the uncertain.
Gorgeous, unnerving, and utterly brilliant, Annihilation will scare the crap out of you just as much as it will make you think.
Garland has a David Cronenberg-like flair for metastasized biology, unnatural mutations, and human nature in extremis. But in "Annihilation" he doesn't seem to have figured out what any of it means.
It's storytelling that feels like a stalking.
Ambitious and messy, "Annhilation" will likely leave you with more questions than answers. Mine is: "When can I see it again?"
Equal parts spectacle and mindf*ck, Annihilation embraces visual storytelling and non-literal storytelling in a lean, sci-fi classic.
Annihilation is about four-fifths of a tremendous science-fiction movie: it starts well, creates a compelling alternate reality, builds a fascinating narrative and then just sort of walks into a wall.
Annihilation asks some big, essential questions, and the biggest thrill comes from watching a film astute enough to know it doesn't have all the answers, leaving its audience to emerge changed by the experience, but not yet knowing quite how.
I can say without hesitation that Annihilation is one of my favorite sci-fi/horror movies of the past decade. A mix of cerebral science and visceral horror.
Like virtually every science fiction before it, once "Annihilation" - which deviates greatly from the book in its third act - starts solving its enigmas, the spell begins to break. But Garland's film is seldom not something to behold.
From the reprocessed story to the uninspired visual palette, Garland's Annihilation never fails to disappoint.
Despite the beautiful aesthetics and the gloomy, visionary ambitions, "Annihilation" feels empty inside
While providing food for its ravenous creatures, it also provides food for thought.
The visuals are gorgeous. The mood is unsettling from start to finish. "Annihilation" is a strong sophomore effort from a very talented filmmaker.
In this movie's attempt to be a modern art thinking pieces, the cohesive film element got left behind.
It's something different that I haven't seen a lot of.
The visuals in this film--it will kick your face in it's so gorgeous.
Several months from now, you'll still be thinking about that unsettling closing image. Wow.
As far as great science fiction cinema goes, Garland's latest ranks up there as one of the most ambitious and audacious offerings we've seen grace the big screen in the last few years.
Even with all the CGI toys in the world, [Garland] commits to asking big questions without spoon-feeding the answers.
A science-fiction flick that's at once intellectually ambitious and extremely frightening.
Mr. Garland has a talent for unnerving you with quietly dissonant notes and an occasional grotesque flourish.
Intelligent sci-fi done right.
Mesmerizing and thoroughly unshakeable. In spite of its title, "Annihilation" isn't just about the end of things, but also about the beginning of something else—an insinuation of profound and portentous consequence.
Annihilation is a slow crawl creep show with jolts good enough to send your popcorn airborne.
Annihilation is a visceral cinematic experience that, while plagued with structural problems, delivers plenty of thrills and eye-popping spectacle.
The film is a masterful journey into strange new territory that is equal parts beautiful, frightening, mysterious and wholly captivating.
Broken down to the basics, Garland has delivered another movie that's worth seeing. Like the Olympics, though, even when you put together a beautiful routine, points get deducted when you slip on the landing.
The kaleidoscopic Annihilation is bound to dazzle and frustrate, spark debate and dismissal.
The film is a death knell for fans of the books looking for a tenth of what they love about them reflected on the screen but, I even think, thin as the adaptation's mysteries are, the bulk of neophytes will equally find themselves bored or confused.
The director of EX MACHINA returns, delivering a thrilling, gorgeous bit of big studio pulp filmmaking.
Bleak and cryptic, science fiction worth seeing and mulling over, but not necessarily enjoyed.
Beautiful, intensely (and unabashedly) weird and, unusual for sci-fi, propelled by a female cast.
The movie is as gorgeous as it is disturbing, and that's a powerful combination.
Garland attempts a bigger canvas for his idiosyncratic ways, coming up with a humdinger of a horror show that's sure to be polarizing, but difficult to shake.
Annihilation might be a trippy ride but it's a ride that needs to be experienced for oneself.
Annihilation is a bold, gorgeous, and stunning melting pot of horror, sci-fi, and drama, culminating in one of the most fascinating films I've seen this decade.
A color-blasted head trip laden with gasp-worthy sights that also carries out the essential sci-fi mission of making us consider what it means to be human in a modern world.
Garland's alien biodome is a trippy mixture of tactile old school hardware and computer-generated images.
It gives itself, and the audience, an awful lot to see.
Annihilation will be an acquired taste and should start some conversations.
The novel and the movie exist as separate and equally enjoyable entities.
Annihilation gets momentum from the deeper it pushes into the uncertainties of ecology and the self.
This is smart, troubling science fiction, with a cast of supremely talented actresses, and [Natalie] Portman showing us a character full of turmoil bubbling under the surface.
Annihilation won't be for everyone. But those of you that get caught up its majesty and are left haunted, challenged, moved and beguiled by its sumptuous concoction of horror and sci-fi will quickly return to it again and again.
Garland's riveting interpretation of the novel is a consciousness-altering trip that will alter audiences on a cellular and molecular level.
Alex Garland's bracing brainteaser has the courage of its own ambiguity. You work out the answers in your own head, in your own time, in your own dreams, where the best sci-fi puzzles leave things. Get ready to be rocked.
Subtle and thoughtful.
Director Alex Garland blends high concept sci-fi with stunning visuals and a dash of horror for an exciting female-led film in Annihilation.
Annihilation is a terrific piece of big-studio sci-fi. It's superbly acted by its refreshingly female-ensemble cast, it's well-written and its staged as both a deeply introspective journey and an unapologetic horror show.
Annihilation is sublimely strange...This is one of those movies that will anger literal minded fanboys, and enthrall the rest of us. I can't wait to see it again.
A lavish, magnificently unnerving visual feast threaded through with well-earned jump scares and real metaphysical force.
Garland makes a valiant go of its concerns, but "Annihilation" feels like a short-story amount of story pulled and twisted into feature length.
"Be weirder!" I occasionally grunted at the screen. At the same time, studio horror films starring Oscar winners are rarely this weird.
"Annihilation" sputters.
The film as a whole didn't seem to have much of a point of view. It told me a story, but it didn't tell me why.
"Annihilation" becomes ever more trippy and challenging - and thus ever more interesting.
"Annihilation" is here to shake up your night at the movies in the most mind-bendy way possible, but without foregoing the pleasures of an ambitious sci-fi entertainment.
Big-budget sci-fi doesn't come much more incisive, exhilarating and mind-blowing than this.
Overall it's a bold undertaking that doesn't play it safe and features some strong performances.
A shimmering example of what Hollywood sci-fi can achieve when the aim is high, Annihilation is a gripping, mystifying adventure and proof that a transportive experience is more rewarding than a story with clean-cut resolutions.
A timely ecological thriller that wouldn't look out of place in Larry Fessenden's oeuvre, the movie probes the interplay of beauty and terror inherent to all natural processes beyond humanity's control with a measured gaze.
On one hand, it's a brainy take on horror tropes, and on the other an empowering female-led mystery with an underlying roller coaster of weird leaving nightmares in its wake.
Annihilation is a ferocious, feral, female-centric update of fearsome monster classics like The Thing and Alien.
Annihilation is more than mere visuals and it will shock, fascinate and haunt whatever screen it's watched on.
For those willing to put in the effort, "Annihilation" achieves that rare feat of great genre cinema, where we are not merely thrilled ... but also feel as if our minds have been expanded ...
Garland is telling the story through visuals, and through a cell biology thread most producers would not have faith in an audience to follow.
"Annihilation" is mesmerizing and its awe-inspiring conclusion will leave your mind blown and splattered against the wall.
[Its] dazzling and intentionally difficult third act may prove too high a point of entry for some audiences. But for everyone else, there is a beauty and melancholy to the shimmering sci-fi art installation created here.
Able to generate dread and awe with equal skill, "Annihilation" is an absorbing amalgam of genres and influences. This is a film of ambition and ideas, and part of the exhilaration comes from watching Garland and his cast risk so boldly.
A phenomenal work. And even though it is coming out in the early months of the year, it's a candidate to ultimately be considered one of the best of 2018.
When people say a movie "made their skin crawl," they don't usually mean it literally. In this case, I do: This movie made me physically uncomfortable in my own skin.
...it's a film that makes people think, meditate. [Full review in Spanish]

@highlight

Annihilation backs up its sci-fi visual wonders and visceral genre thrills with an impressively ambitious -- and surprisingly strange -- exploration of challenging themes that should leave audiences pondering long after the end credits roll.