Probably the first Ken Loach film you could call 'jaunty.'
Modest in scale, expansive in emotions, this movie is a rarity: a contemporary tragicomedy.
The film is cocktail of comedy and heist with a large shot of social realism.
Slipping back and forth between drama and comedy, The Angels' Share initially seems shaggy and unstructured, but that's part of its appeal.
Mingling the peaty scent of Scottish street life with a distilled take on unemployed, at-risk youth, director Ken Loach serves up a surprisingly upbeat cocktail thanks to a subplot involving rare whisky.
Despite its ultimate sense of optimism, the Glasgow-set dramedy nevertheless carries a sense of foreboding. And yet, that might not have been the intention.
With this shaggy-dog tale of four petty Glaswegian criminals and their improbably successful scheme to steal the world's most valuable whiskey, Loach turns naïveté into a sort of moral philosophy.
...a low key and rather marvelous, sweet-natured heist movie
As unlikely a fable of redemption as any that Hollywood might deliver, elevated by Loach's insistence on naturalism.
They're a fun bunch of tart-tongued Scots, and if their adventures don't amount to anything of thematic significance, watching them is a pleasure.
A surprisingly warm and heartfelt film about a flawed criminal struggling to start a new life after the birth of his first child.
Ken Loach walks on the lighter side
The result is a sometimes gritty, occasionally charming Highland hybrid, but the final balance feels slightly off-kilter.
Loach takes us through the mysteries of whisky making, exploring the subtle tastes and scents in ways that will have audiences wishing they had a dram at hand. But a glass also serves more symbolic purposes ...
If you want to look for it, you'll find a layer of metaphor (the distilling process as a symbol of the characters' evolution) and social-realist commentary amid the gentle, life-affirming laughs.
Drink it up!
[Ken Loach] and his longtime screenwriter, Paul Laverty, find a good balance between drama and wacky character moments.
The title, by the way, refers to the distillation process: the 2% of whisky that evaporates in the barrel is known as "the angel's share." I'm afraid there's more than 2% evaporation going on in Loach's latest.
Much like a stiff drink at the end of a long day, "The Angels' Share" gets the job done, but you're probably not going to remember it in the morning.
Loach's realism lends an easygoing, ramshackle quality to the film that smoothes over any lack of tightness.
Director Ken Loach's latest glimpse of the U.K. underclass is really two rather different movies, either of which I would've enjoyed on their own. But they don't really fit together in any satisfying or even logical way.
A fairy tale with its feet firmly on the ground.
Whether Robbie pulls off his caper should be left for the audience to discover. But Loach's great cinematic switcheroo goes off almost without a hitch.
As heartwarming and uplifting as any tale could be that features vicious beatings and grand larceny.
While it has some likable characters, particularly its charismatic lead, it's impossible to shake the feeling that we've seen this movie before.
Lead actor Paul Brannigan, the product of Glasgow's working-class East End, is a natural.
A lark, but it's a serious-minded lark, addressing issues of class and culture, the haves and have-nots.
Charming enough to satisfy even the trenchant-commentary crowd.
The usual Loachian elements are all in place, but there is a gentle spirit at work here as well, and not just the alcoholic spirits around which the plot revolves.
The Angels' Share is a stellar bit of activist cinema with a light touch.
The plot thickens, but the mood grows lighter.
Unexpectedly, and blithely, amusing.
Sweet-natured and high-spirited, it's a fanciful fable with a wee dash of magical realism.
This is one of the most likable movies so far this year.
Although the English director Ken Loach has been making socially conscious movies for close to 50 years, this shaggy comedy unfolds like the work of a young man on a lark.
The film itself vaporizes before your eyes, but it's likable. Given its unstable mishmash of thuggery and whimsy, that's something of an achievement.
Like the spirit it celebrates, "The Angel's Share" is a neat little jolt of pleasure - and guaranteed to leave you feeling just a mite warmer.
While a few farcical moments fizzle, it's mostly charming.
"The Angels' Share" leaves a warm glow.
With The Angels' Share, Ken Loach expertly combines a handful of genres which congeal into an often funny, always charming affair that serves as a salute to whisky to boot.
[Mr. Loach] has gone and directed a comedy from a script by his longtime collaborator Paul Laverty, and it's so delightful that his fans will be clamoring for more.
Watching it is like receiving a hard slap in the face from someone who expects you to laugh it off, even though the sting lingers.
Graphically observant about the ease with which young men starved of opportunities can turn their energies inward to destroying themselves and one another.
Loach films have been funny while making their point before (see "Riff Raff"), but this one is imbued with a little bit of magic...Those offended by four letter words should be warned that even the voice of God slings a heavy dose of them here.
Ken Loach comedy about young Glaswegian reprobates fighting for a second chance has charm aplenty, but suffers from occasional portions of cheese and a hard-to-swallow premise (whisky-tasting as gateway to a better life).
I'm not suggesting The Angels' Share is a chock full of bellylaughs, but it's the first Loach film in some time that lacks the sensation of having a plastic grocery bag pulled over one's face.
While there's no ignoring the social ills that haunt Robbie's hopes, the movie's optimism serves as a cheeky, and surprisingly inspiring, retort.
Some good laughs and a passable air of bonhomie do nothing to cover up the fact that The Angels' Share is totally lightweight and distractingly underdone.
Just how is one supposed to react, in 2013, to a non-ironic use of the Proclaimers' "(I'm Gonna Be) 500 Miles" in a musical montage?
Loach coaxes an endearingly poised performance out of nonprofessional Brannigan, and largely sells these scuffling characters as neither hopeless nor heroic-just terribly human.
[Its] fleeting slapstick tendency wins out, regrettably diminishing the film's social consciousness in the process.
Loach's best film since The Wind That Shakes the Barley.
Scent, fine acting, plus superb cinematography carry you through. However, you can't help but feel you've been cheated out of a truly devastating drama by folks in search of something more commercially palatable and, consequently, less plausible.
Ken Loach's breezy scribble about lowlife redemption and drunken buffoonery isn't so much heavy-handed as it is charmingly weightless.
Loach's realism always carries a distinct sense of humor, volatility and, most alarmingly in this hypercapitalist new century, a socialist passion for The People.
Although some of the accents are so thick it's difficult to understand the dialogue (where are the subtitles when we need them?) the performances feel genuine.
This is as close to a feel-good film as [director] Ken Loach gets, yet he never loses sight or touch with the reality he is so brilliant at capturing on camera.
The Angels' Share is the charming story of four Scottish criminals who find redemption - if not exactly rehabilitation - through alcohol. It may not seem like the typical logline for a heart-warmer; it seems about right for a Ken Loach flick.
Loach brings a warm-hearted poignancy to this feel-good tale of the more disadvantaged in society who, miraculously, find redemption.
I loved this. I walked out of this film just really filled with delight. Ken Loach is such a socially conscious filmmaker.
The film has a rough and ready look, but the charm of its battler characters shines through and there's plenty to relish here, even though the plot gets more and more improbable the further it proceeds.
[Loach's] latest collaboration with screenwriter Paul Laverty proves the pair can pull off a genre entertainment with aplomb when in the mood.
Ken Loach does hope' could be the headline a Fleet Street sub might slap on a review of The Angels' Share, in which a young Scot accidentally finds salvation and a way out of his trapped life of crime and misery
The spirit and the flesh are willing in this mischievous, bittersweet comedy in which single malt whisky, an ex crim and second chances come together in an interesting blend
Finds room for some well-earned warm fuzzies.
If I had to make a comparison, I'd say it is an unlikely pairing of Green Street Hooligans and Sideways.
The redemptive path is paved with laughter and charm, mixes mirth with tears beautifully
It has a spellbinding heft of charm, carrying itself just like a fine whiskey - warm, a little sweet, and unequivocally a joy to return to time and time again.
There is politics underlying every aspect of this funny, warm-hearted, deftly plotted film, and we fervently wish for the caper planned by this endearing quartet to succeed.
The feel-good comedy of the summer. Who knew?
Brannigan is an engaging lead and Henshaw offers light relief, but director Ken Loach, famous for his social realism, and regular writer Paul Laverty struggle to find a balance between the film's comic and serious elements.
A wee heart-warming dram of Scots spirit ... a rich fermentation of the best of British comedy filmmaking with a greater social agenda.
A whimsical crime caper comedy in the Ealing vein about a bunch of delinquent Glaswegians who pull off a very unlikely heist - think Whisky Galore with sweary Neds instead of twinkling Hebridean islanders.
It is an uplifting tale of redemption with a hint of politics, which is not overstated.
Nowhere in the movie is reality short-changed for story effect.
Another likeable but uneven comedy in the vein of Looking For Eric, [Loach's] 2009 film starring Eric Cantona.
The time is ripe for a great Ken Loach film. If only Ken Loach was up for making one.
Newcomer Brannigan is a real find, though his dramatic weight is splendidly countered by the scene-stealing Maitland who provides one of the film's two unforgettable, can't-believe-he-did-that moments.
The scenes where The Angels' Share unexpectedly becomes a surprisingly-tense and innovative heist movie are much more fun than the averagely tiresome bank robbery drama.
Ken Loach goes full-on feel-good with this enjoyable, rough-edged and well acted comedy drama that's by turns moving, suspenseful and laugh-out-loud funny.
Like good whisky, Loach is mellowing and becoming subtler with age - though a swift chug still has a bit of a kick.
Ken Loach's latest Cannes Fest entry is a light, amiable Scottish fable (with dark tones to be sure) about how the discovery of whisky can change one's life.
Oddly structured like a whisky tasting, this film cycles through moods from the first taste to the full flavour to the final kick.
The Angels' Share is often hilarious, always hugely charming, and carries a wholly appropriate social message.
The Angels' Share is Loach at his most playful and invigorating.
It's the Glaswegian specificity that makes this contrived heist comedy mildly enjoyable.
Something's gone wrong when a would-be cheerful comedy leaves you feeling as if a condescending finger has been wagged in your face.
An amiable comedy about young Glaswegian roughnecks discovering the world of whisky, "The Angels' Share" finds helmer Ken Loach and long-term screenwriting partner Paul Laverty in better, breezier form than their rebarbative prior effort,
A heartwarming, social-realist fairytale with enough rowdy humour and sweet sentiment to appeal to Loach's dedicated global followers and beyond.
Loach and Laverty never fully resolve the yin and yang: the blood and the banter. But it's still rewarding to see these filmmakers exploring a different ton.
Like a subtly blended malt, this mixes light and dark to create one of Loach's most life-affirming tales. Funny, frank and it won't give you a splitting hangover.
This is British comedy at its warmest and most pleasurable; cask strength, unfiltered and neat.
There is love, laughter and whisky galore in Ken Loach's unusually joyful comedy drama about delinquent Scottish youths defying the odds society has stacked against them.
Some may find the tendons of the story a little slack occasionally, but for me Loach and Laverty are speaking with an engaging dramatic voice.

@highlight

The Angels' Share is a surprisingly delightful, uplifting comedy that successfully blends a charming story of redemption with bits of dark humor and a social message.