Gritty, raw, and kooky at times, Bad Lieutenant is one of those movies that you can't really look away, even though you may want to for certain scenes.
Herzog wades deep into the swampy funk of New Orleans, which in this post-Katrina setting might as well be an end-of-the-world movie. He's clearly turned on by [its] weirdness, the casual corruption, the gangsterism and the Southern Gothic outrageousnes.
This movie has no focus, no point of view and nothing to say. Is this a sendup? Is this an actual thriller? Is this just a look into the soul of a drug addict? I have no idea, and I don't think Werner Herzog knows either.
Sometimes a scene is a set up for a future plot twist, and sometimes Werner Herzog just wants to film some alligators. Who knows what'll happen? It's like filling your underpants with salamanders.
If Herzog had chosen realism over surrealism, this film would have been predictable and unentertaining. As it is, I found it oddly captivating. This is one weird movie.
[Cage is] hilarious, scary, contorted, mournful, mean and weirdly, monstrously lovable -- the perfect actor to work with one of the world's most stubborn, bold, idiosyncratic filmmakers.
Violent and uneven.
Nicolas Cage's deliriously unhinged portrayal of the film's titular bent cop ranks right up there with his most memorably off-kilter performances.
Is redemption possible for this bad lieutenant? At one point, he orders that a dead man be shot again because "his soul is still dancing." If you find God in that line, then welcome to your movie heaven.
Despite the snake slither-swimming through the bars of a flooded cellblock, the injured alligator and the iguanas that seem to be crooning Johnny Adams' 'Release Me,' star Nicolas Cage may be the most reptilian presence here...
Perhaps it took a director as crazy as Werner Herzog to control (and ultimately unleash) the madness that exists within Cage ... they craft a character not unlike a modern day Daniel Plainview.
Bad Lieutenant, Bad!
There's a dark, dark humour throughout that keeps the film from plunging into over-the-top farce. In the end, BLT is a rambunctious, ridiculous feat of cinematic excess.
Any reservations that this is a straight forward remake of Abel Ferrara's hardcore Catholic redemption drama should be left on the wayside, for this Bad Lieutenant is a different monster all together.
Cage's Lieutenant McDonagh is a parody of not just the actor's own performances in recent years, but a gaudy exaggeration of every bad-cop cliché out there.
This will be remembered as one of Cage's finest performances. Maybe he has just needed the right director and in eccentric German genius Werner Herzog he's found him.
I'd rather rot in a New Orleans jail than watch it again. And yet its epiphanies are outrageously sharp, it is beautifully shot by cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger and the ending is a joy.
Becomes bizarrely comical as it gets increasingly depraved. But Herzog's deliberately bonkers approach, matched by Cage's hammy performance, is strangely entertaining.
Herzog has found a perfect partner in crime with Nicolas Cage.
For me, Ferrara and Keitel will always be the bad lieutenant, but Werner Herzog is probably the only director qualified to take this on, and his bizarre reboot has a fascination all of its own.
This thriller is among the cleverest, most innovative films of the year. It proves that even a mediocre, B-movie script can be made memorable by a strong director and brave leading actor.
As a police procedural, it's a generally dull affair. As an exercise in silliness, it elicits a fair few laughs. But whether the joke's on Herzog or on us is anybody's guess.
Cage does bad so good. Hereâ(TM)s hoping he keeps the crazy coming.
Cage and Herzog have created a superbly memorable lead character, and if the plot itself is curiously unmemorable, certain images will stay with you to the grave...
In fusing European experimentalism and Hollywood boldness, Herzog has created a genuine oddity, a furious and unforgettable hybrid which may well prove to be 2010's most purely enjoyable moviegoing experience.
As his 1996 Oscar for Leaving Las Vegas proved, Nicolas Cage is at his best when sailing close to the edge with substance abuse, though some viewers will baulk when he takes out his misdirected anger on a defenceless old lady.
Herzog has unique flair, but it's out of synch with the genre. As for Cage, he is a flailing madman and the only polite thing to do is look away.
It's every cop show cliché reflected in a hall of mirrors -- wholly indecent fun.
As always with Herzog, the more eccentric scenes have an eerie, hilarious mastery. And only someone with the metaphysical élan of Herzog could pull off a film noir that takes place mostly in fierce sunlight.
Viewers will fall into two camps -- those who think it's a mentally unstable mess, and those who think it's a work of insane genius. Can't it be both?
Nicolas Cage gives one of the best performances of his career in this borderline insane film...
Despite ... minor gripes, this is Cage's best film in years, an anarchic gumbo of subverted cop thriller clichés and surreal set-pieces that's destined to become a cult classic.
Certainly, it's not a stretch to suggest that Herzog has in Cage found his most simpático lead since the great Klaus Kinski.
Iguanas aside, Cage's performance is the film's centerpiece. He starts at over the top and climbs ever higher...
Somehow this is fun -- a result of a unique synergy between Cage and Herzog.
This is the perverted delirious Bad Lieutenant to see.
There is really no way to describe the playfulness and exquisite timing of the comedy in this film. It is partially Herzog's zany artistry, and partly Cage's masterful control of facial expressions and comic timing.
It really is a jungle out there, and Nicolas Cage delivers a mesmerizingly unhinged performance as Herzogian madman..
...a B movie worth seeing, but there are times the weirdness seems forced and the only thing that feels authentic is the suggestion that Cage might be more than a little mad.
Centered on a detective on the wrong side of the law, the film is manic its execution of plot, performance and photography.
A tragedy replayed as farce, and probably the funniest film I've seen all year.
Although it shares a title and a certain seedy charm with Abel Ferrara's 1992 "Bad Lieutenant," this remake really marches to the beat of its own, jittery, crack-addicted drummer.
Sometimes director Werner Herzog - a master, for nearly four decades, at blending the bizarre and the mundane - does let you in on Cage's motives. But just as often, he delivers a life, and a world, of random mayhem.
A Vicodin-coke-heroine habit propels Nicolas Cage's warped detective as the big emoter scores in the Big Easy. Werner Herzog's Bad LT. is genuinely weird entertaiment.
Nicolas Cage goes off the deep end even more than usual in the crazily entertaining, Werner Herzog-helmed Bad Lieutenant: Port Of Call New Orleans.
No one can breathe life into a crazed character like Nicolas Cage can.
You'll go a long way to find anything playing right now that's as downright peculiar as Werner Herzog's The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call -- New Orelans.
Diferente do original em tom e estrutura, este novo filme do mestre Werner Herzog carrega propositalmente na bizarrice de seu protagonista, suavizando sua deprimente decadência a ponto de torná-la grotescamente divertida.
Werner Herzog's Bad Lieutenant remake is a hugely entertaining, brilliantly directed and completely insane thriller with a hilarious script and a gloriously bonkers performance from Nicolas Cage.
Cage's increasingly crazed and manic performance is very watchable.
Cage, who usually goes gonzo with gusto, underplays this monster. That spoils the fun.
In a year filled with audacity (Antichrist, Inglourious Basterds), nothing is cheekier and as out and out ballsy as The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call - New Orleans.
Nicolas Cage is out of his mind in The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call -- New Orleans. And it's wonderful to see.
While watching Cage in Bad Lieutenant I felt like a crack fiend myself: No matter how much I got it was never going to be enough.
As usual, Herzog works the madness for any poetry he can find...
I think I had more fun watching Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans (twice) than I did at any other movie this year.
A depraved, perfect storm of cinema.
The script has some scuzzy, jokey appeal, and I like it that instead of trying to hide them, Herzog tosses the movie's ridiculous coincidences right in our faces as if daring us to duck.
a bizarre amalgam of source material, director and star that's just nutso enough to work
Cage and Herzog click together better than just about any first-time actor & director combination in recent memory.
Thisbad lieutenant's pain is less punishment than righteous realignment, a reflection of the nutty, debased, and utterly chaotic world around him. He's not deviant. He's the new normal.
Even if it's not classic noir, this high tension, fast-paced film about an extremely unsympathetic character is still entertaining.
Cage returns to resplendently weird form.
Do fish have dreams? Do they dream of ominous iguanas, perhaps? Or maybe the disembodied breakdancing souls of freshly capped gangsters? More to the point, will Nicolas Cage ever make another movie that makes sense?
Nicolas Cage is so gleefully over-the-top as the troubled cop of the title that you will either be repulsed or fascinated by his performance and, since it lives or dies by it, the movie itself.
The movie could have ended without the last few scenes and been far more tense and suspenseful. As it stands now, Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans plays as if Schindler's List ended with an energetic musical performance by The Muppets.
Like the late Klaus Kinski, who so often played crazies in Herzog's earlier movies, Cage is in your face all the way. Laughing maniacally, lying with no sign of a conscience, he pushes the character's frequent tantrums beyond over-the-top.
Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call, New Orleans is a magnificent mess of the sort only Herzog can get away with making.
Frankly, the story isn't remotely as interesting as Cage. Nothing is.
Cage can be loopy, weird and at the same time sympathetic -- crucial to our response to this character -- and Herzog draws one of his better performances here.
A one-of-a-kind experience that boasts a twice-in-a-lifetime performance from Nicolas Cage.
Despite his strangely receding hairline, bug-eyed demeanor and hunchback stance, Cage somehow avoids making this police lieutenant a caricature.
The iguanas are like the frogs at the end of Paul Thomas Anderson's Magnolia, only better.
Nicolas Cage, a born Hollywood skin-walker, somehow hints at a spiritual dimension to all this lunatic mayhem.
Herzog, who seems to be drawing on the audience's affection for him as an inspired madman, may not care to tell a story straight anymore.
But it has energy, it has a gonzo go for broke attitude and it also has a Cage willing to do just about anything to keep things interesting, three items many films would fall all over themselves to possess.
Sensationally entertaining, darkly comedic, witty and refreshingly bizarre. A guilty pleasure. Nicolas Cage is in top form.
We have to go all the way back to Junior Brown, the psychopathic strip club owner in Kiss of Death (1994), to find a meatier heavy in Cage's filmography.
Cage acts, at times, as though his head is about to explode. And not the character's head; it's Cage himself who seems in danger of self-immolation.
(The film) has a hard time settling on such simple things as characters' motivations, needs and accents (Cage's changes inexplicably midway through).
No quote available.
The new film has much in common with some of Herzog's crazed past masterworks like Aguirre, the Wrath of God.
Like the water snake that slithers by during the opening credits or the baby crocodile from whose point of view we observe one roadside scene, this movie is a freaky little swamp thing.
The film is an exasperating bore.
Making a bad movie this good is harder than it looks.
Herzog's acting advice to Cage to "release the pig" (ostensibly a Bavarian saying) has resulted in perhaps the most memorable performance of Cage's career, and certainly the most over the top.
Add director Werner Herzog to the mix, a guy who knows a thing or a hundred about obsessive protagonists, and we're in for quite the ride -- wild and weird and blackly comic.
A movie that ultimately has more cult than mass appeal, how much you enjoy Bad Lieutenant will probably come down to how much you like Werner Herzog rather than Nicolas Cage. A notoriously eccentric director, his latest film is nowhere near as mainstream
The pairing of Nicolas Cage, one of the world's most out-there actors, with Werner Herzog, cinema's reigning madman-visionary, is a match made in looney-tunes heaven.
Leave it to Werner Herzog to shoot a film in New Orleans with not one image of the French Quarter %u2013 and to harness Nicolas Cage's Razzie-worthy acting into something meaningful.
This time, it's not Nicolas Cage's fault: Werner Herzog has lost his mind.
It almost makes one angrier to think about the time Cage has wasted on crap films when he should be doing interesting ones like this every single time.
I'm pretty sure this would have made total sense if I was on some of the drugs that McDonagh was taking
If the new film commits the sin of entertainment, it's redeemed by a sense of life's contradictions and distinguished by surreal flourishes that include a pair of iguanas, slithery witnesses to Terence's mania.
Because so much of the film is 'Oh, no, he's not really going to do that OH YES HE IS!' fun, it's impressive when Herzog suddenly starts taking it all seriously.
It's Cage's best work in years.
There can only ever be one Bad Lieutenant: Harvey Keitel.
Like a jumpy, coke-fueled Pied Piper, Cage takes viewers to the very precipice of depraved self-abasement, while preserving just enough self-conscious humor to keep from tumbling in.
The film is both a police thriller and a drug addled fantasy with an iguana for a guide and Cage plays it like Hunter S. Thompson with a badge.
There's a valuable lesson to be learned from Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans: Two wrongs don't make a right -- it takes at least three.
It's a rare and precious thing when a filmmaker gets funding for a script that features a coked-out, OxyContined-out, sleep-deprived Cage with a .44 Magnum in his waistband, spewing lines like "Shoot him again ... his soul is still dancing."
Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans -- why Port of Call? what does that mean? -- is no masterpiece, but it is undoubtedly the work of a master.
Cold-blooded reptiles are lurking everywhere in the slick new noir Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans, with snakes, iguanas, gators and especially Nicolas Cage at their slithering and cynical best.
Even when the movie is not working, it's never less than eye-catching. It's also a perfect setting for Cage's curiously compelling art.
This isn't as over-the-top as, say, The Wicker Man. But it is an engaging cop caper complete with Cage craziness, and that's enough.
A perfect, perfect prank.
It's not always easy to sort out the legitimately inspired touches from the merely campy ones, but the film has a deranged, go-for-broke spirit that makes such distinctions irrelevant.
drags harder than when Herzog tried to pull that boat over a mountain
Cage's receding hairline and hunchback performance evokes Conrad Veidt -- a Klaus Kinski-like maniac -- because this is, in fact, a German Expressionist horror film and comedy.
Finally, a role that makes sense for Cage to play ... locking into the exhausted craziness he has unintentionally perfected in a handful of terrible movies.
Herzog has found his ideal interpreter, a performer whose truth lies deep in the artifice of performance: ladies and gentlemen, Nicolas Cage, at his finest.
Outrageously enjoyable...turns the genre conventions on their head to often uproarious effect.
No one is better at this kind of performance than Nicolas Cage. He's a fearless actor. He doesn't care if you think he goes over the top. If a film calls for it, he will crawl to the top hand over hand with bleeding fingernails.
Your reaction to the whole thing probably depends on your general feelings about Cage: Fans will relish his unique brand of scenery-chewing; non-fans are likely to be irritated.
Cage dives headlong into the madness. It's plain fun to see the actor give himself so fully to a character after several years of mostly forgettable action movies.
A fascinatingly complex film with intoxicating cross-currents of cynicism, tragedy, and absurdity.
Bad Lieutenant doesn't go where you expect, but it has a stubborn, trippy logic.
It's perhaps 2/3 of a good movie and 1/3 of material that feels out of place or is derivative.
Instead of plumbing the depths of spiritual degradation, Herzog's movie is -- largely due to Cage's performance -- almost fun.
May not result in a coherent whole but nonetheless delivers bursts of random, inspired madness.
It may not have the wounding thrust of Ferrara's, but it shares with that film a bottomless compassion for its crazies, to say nothing of the exhilaration of seeing a fearless director and a fearless actor pushing each other beyond extremes.
If there's a sure thing in movies, it's that if you cast Nicolas Cage in a role in which he goes crazy, he'll rise to the occasion and keep on rising until he seems even loonier than his character.
Refreshingly loopy, as only Nic Cage can loop.
If you're wondering just how bad a bad lieutenant can be, let's just say that Nicolas Cage's 21st century re-incarnation of Abel Ferrara's original 1992 cult version, to say the least, renders Harvey Keitel's bad apple psycho cop a saint in comparison.
Bad Lieutenant is all kinds of wrong, but it feels oh so right.
It's powerful material for Werner Herzog, a premier chronicler of the madness of men, and Nicolas Cage, who brings a fevered intensity to every project he takes on.
There's much to be said for a movie that portrays as much imperfection as life itself and, clearly, Herzog and company have a ball in creating it for us.
Barely a remake of Ferrara's superior 1992 indie, Herzog's sleazy, erratic, often silly policier is enjoyable on its own terms, and the main reason to see it is Nicolas Cage's wildly eccentric, justifiably over-the-top performance.
Just as ridiculous as the title implies, this ill-conceived sequel to Abel Ferrara's masterpiece ("Bad Lieutenant" - 1992) picks up some grains of muscular grit under the unlikely Werner Herzog's guidance, but flails every step of the way.
A powerfully loony portrait of American rot.
...a surprisingly compelling piece of work that'll undoubtedly (and deservedly) earn itself a cult following in the years to come...
No film by Herzog has ever been so defiantly mainstream - and yet this remains one of the director's craziest, most outlandish affairs. Finding a way out the other side of that contradiction is half the fun for the incredulous viewer
Surely this is not meant to be taken seriously?
Herzog is having every bit as much fun as Cage here, toying with renegade cop movie cliches and working in a pulpy mode he hasn't touched for a while.
A vividly acted and directed movie that stretches the boundaries of its genre and keeps you in its ever-unpredictable grip throughout.
Original, offbeat and rewarding cop story with Nicolas Cage in great form.
What makes this film truly different is the unique tone introduced by director Werner Herzog.
The film is offbeat, silly, disarming and loopy all at the same time, and viewers will decide to ride with that or just give up on it, according to mood and disposition.




@highlight

Befitting its unorthodox origins, this Bad Lieutenant benefits from Werner Herzog's typically fearless direction and a delightfully unhinged Nicolas Cage in the title role.