An ironic sort of vanity piece in that it tries to be such an anti-vanity piece -- bluntly intimate, rather than a peek behind the curtain -- but it feels honest all the way.
... I was grateful for its moments of ambition and for the look at Gaga as an artist whose hard work in creating music and an experience to surround that music is second to none in the pop universe right now.
While Gaga: Five Foot Two is engaging enough to satisfy fans, and she is certainly interesting and likeable enough to hold your attention for the 100 minutes, its ultimately a little disappointing. Boring even.
If there is something that Gaga is not, it's shy. [Full review in Spanish]
While it's merely a peek behind her rhinestone curtain, Gaga: Five Foot Two is still an interesting one.
Gaga allows the camera into various realms that emphasize her vulnerability, her flaws, and her weaknesses, which only serve to empower her as a pop star by reinforcing her underlying humanity
Indulgent, exhibitionistic, but putting her pain-management struggles out there for all to see.
An accessible star comes to life; language, partial nudity.
Five Foot Two is an entertaining and humanising documentary for this artist who started her career with a kind of alien appeal. But it's also a carefully calculated film...
Gaga is on volatile form... yet can be excused a few nerves given that she will be performing in front of a global audience of 117 million, and there's enough self-awareness to temper the divadom.
Gaga: Five Foot Two isn't quite sure what kind of documentary it wants to be.
Lady Gaga can be a great musician, it's true. But the new documentary about her, Gaga: Five Foot Two, would make anybody unfamiliar with her question why.
To say emotions run high in many sequences would be an understatement.
The documentary, completely unmasks the pop star who has dominated her genre for the last decade. That person is no superhero. She is very much a mortal.
... for now, Gaga is asking not for applause but understanding.
Five Foot Two is the moment an icon of statuesque proportions is captured shrinking to human-size.
Five Foot Two never quite shakes the feel of a longform advert for Gaga's new phase that's preaching to the converted.
Manages to create a sense of intimacy and revelation, even as we sense that there is really no such thing as an unguarded moment for Lady Gaga.
There's a noirish glamour ... Conversely, there are moments of raw and casual power.
A star isn't born here, she's diminished.
Five Foot Two offers an intimate look at Gaga behind the scenes and beyond the fame.
"Gaga: Five Foot Two"... does something else too: It manages to make a wealthy A-lister slash pop star eerily relatable.
Its very existence is owed to Gaga's expressiveness, even as it documents a period of time a career-minded singer might have kept hidden.
Anyone who doesn't have a Little Monster's encyclopedic knowledge might feel a little emotionally lost.
While it's possible that the director and cinematographer Chris Moukarbel is good at withholding unflattering material, Gaga comes off well, and credibly so: intelligent, an accomplished craftswoman, a well-mannered collaborator and boss.
Far from seeming like a strategic element created to define Lady Gaga's reinvention, the documentary instead feels like a natural outgrowth of it.
One can imagine woe would betide anyone who might neglect, say, to get the lining on a sequined jacket fixed the instant she asks for it, as happens just before she does the halftime show at the Super Bowl.
She's never without a strong emotion, which must get exhausting, even as it makes her a fascinating subject.
The camera loves Gaga's dramatic eyebrows and large eyes staring over her long nose and Streisand-ish mouth, but Five Foot Two captures her at a down time in her life, in several senses of that term.
Why, given unfettered access to such an inventive, imaginative, iconoclastic performer would you take such scant opportunity to actually show her performing, live?
The film's message is empowering but its subtext is more fascinating, as Gaga puts her take-charge philosophy to use.
An electrifying, moving, intimate and revealing close look at Gaga's personal life, creative process and love for her fans. [Full review in Spanish]
Entertaining but manipulative. Gaga is always on.
Whether you like Lady Gaga or not, you will at least finish "Five Foot Two" with a newfound respect.
Gaga radiates a potent energy - she's intensely funny and aware, and so unabashedly focused on herself that, like Madonna back in the day, that's simply who she is and who we want her to be.

@highlight

Gaga: Five Foot Two offers an absorbing glimpse of its superstar subject's backstage life, albeit one weakened by inconsistent focus and a dearth of performance footage.