There are moments of true artistry in "Split." But it's uncomfortable to watch because then it falls apart and makes no sense...So sparing the obvious pun, I'm on both sides of the fence on this one.
Supported largely by James McAvoy's extraordinary talent who, with modulations of voice, gestures and mannerisms, creates various characters that fall in perfect harmony with the director's purpose. [Full review in Spanish]
The way that Shyamalan and Gioulakis emphasize close-ups and medium shots make for a taut, clean forcefulness that...give Split a leaner, hipper feel very different from the increasingly aestheticized studio polish of Shyamalan's earlier work.
Split possesses a dark sexual undercurrent that's all the more unnerving because it stays beneath the surface.
I didn't think it was possible. I didn't think he could do it. but M Night Shyamalan is back. M Night Shyamalan has made a good movie.
A solid thriller right up until the end, when the director decides to play to his fans and his own indulgences, rather than tying things up for viewers in a more satisfying way.
Without a doubt McAvoy's performance is the highlight... [Full review in Spanish]
Brilliantly made but morally conflicted, Split has me divided. For pure artistry, I'd give it an A. For its queasy morality, I'd give it a C. Put them together and you've got a solid B.
Shyamalan created a film to remember with Split. In today's cinematic world of sub-par horror films and predictable thrillers, this film serves as a breath of fresh air
Cautiously recommended.
It's nevertheless impossible to deny that Split, though rarely engrossing, remains quite watchable throughout.
Still, [James] McAvoy, with shaved head and predatory grin, approaches his perverse task with obvious relish, and Shyamalan whips up plenty of tension -- even in the face of some predictable twists and turns.
Shyamalan hasn't goosed a crowd this successfully since Signs. As someone who'd written him off, it's fun to have been wrong.
M. Night Shyamalan is one of the most consistently interesting auteurs in contemporary American cinema. Split is further evidence.
McAvoy likely had a blast playing these disparate characters and I'd watch his campy one-man show anytime, but his hard work can't save this mess.
Shyamalan concocts a clever premise and delivers one of the most suspenseful thrillers this decade bolstered by an outstanding turn by McAvoy.
The horror maestro directs McAvoy to a completely bonkers performance full of scares and laughs (but most of all, terrific acting, made even more apparent during a scene that sees just about all 23 identities fighting for control at once)
Split may not be to everyone's taste, but the story, craftsmanship, and excellent performances will haunt you for quite a while. As will some beastly bits.
Split [is] a genre picture that's fascinating, audacious and just kooky enough to be a lot of fun.
Regardless of all the film's obvious plot problems, there are some excellent performances in this film, and the story is compelling, especially the story about Casey's background, and her strange affinity to Crumb's personality disorder.
This is Shyamalan laughing at his own joke: the idea that people who don't have to will watch this.
If Shyamalan continues to bring his A-game to the big screen, he's more than welcome to jump on the franchise bandwagon.
A smart thriller that is more interested in provocative ideas than it is in simply scaring the audience.
McAvoy has an absolute ball, Betty Buckley is spot-on as his over-dedicated psychiatrist and Morgan star Anya Taylor-Joy definitely catches the eye as the most resourceful of the three girls.
Split is a solid return to form for M. Night Shyamalan, but it's really James McAvoy's movie. It's worth seeing for McAvoy alone.
The pleasures of Split are ultimately just those of an enormously satisfying B-movie, and God bless it.
"Split" takes a step in this direction by positing that "mental sickness" might not always be an actual illness - but then takes two steps back by exploiting moviegoers' fears that people with unusual mental conditions can be unpredictably violent.
Just when you thought it was safe to go back to a M. Night. Shyamalan movie - last year's "The Visit" had hinted at a return to his "The Sixth Sense" glory days - along comes this mess.
The latest from The Sixth Sense director M. Night Shyamalan, Split has as many fractured identities as its main character
Split isn't a complete return to form, but it reminded me of what a Shyamalan film used to promise: heart-racing unpredictability and a story that winds into a towering structure of queasy horror.
Split is a tight thriller with Shyamalan's usual mastery of mood, and with a dream role for any actor that McAvoy somehow - mostly - resists ramping up into camp; he finds the humanity, cracked or otherwise, in each of Kevin's personae.
"Split" is further evidence of MNS' mastery fashioning maddening echo chambers for his characters.
Shyamalan oddly builds toward a climax that ultimately finds a positive side benefit to incest, pedophilia, and physical abuse.
The movie completely stands on its own, and shows Shyamalan doing what he does best: Taking an original idea and twisting it in a new way to keep you guessing and riveted until the very end.
Shyamalan obviously understands the concept of suspense, but apparently doesn't know how to apply it anymore. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Shyamalan doesn't do enough with the tired premise to make it truly memorable, not even bothering to give all three of the captive girls distinctive personalities of their own.
It's shot well. Its ominous setting, nestled deep in the pit of a dark, multi-layered, multi-doored complex puts you on edge. But the narrative -- LORD, this narrative -- becomes a steaming hot mess.
A movie that you can't stop watching. All McAvoy's interpretations of its protagonist are enjoyable and the movie doesn't waste time in sequences or unnecessary explanations. [Full review in Spanish]
Split is [Shyamalan's] most thoughtful film in years, and one that contains ideas and feelings that resonate on a deep, visceral level.
In the end, Split isn't close to being the best film that Shyamalan has ever directed. But it does show that his career may be again headed in the right direction.
It's Shyamalan's courage that makes the film a work worthy of its repertoire and that can be cataloged as something more than a simple thriller. [Full review in Spanish]
The slow-build suspense Shyamalan nurtured in his best work is intact, generating the kind of creeping dread that doesn't rely on cheap shock-cuts or sharp spikes on the soundtrack.
The best that Shyamalan has done in fifteen years and is, without a doubt, the best geek surprise so far this year. A must-see film that will undoubtedly earn an intriguing cult status. [Full review in Spanish]
A film divided in flashbacks, but mainly in points of view and that its central concern is, as in The Sixth Sense, the incapacity of psychiatry to help those who suffer very peculiar mental illnesses. [Full review in Spanish]
There are scenes of true horror and gore to be worth the price of admission.
M. Night Shyamalan makes a great comeback with this captivating movie about an extreme (and terrifying) case of multiple personalities. [Full review in Spanish]
[Split] is a solid thriller highlighted by a career-defining performance from McAvoy.
I let out an audible gasp at the end. That has never happened.
M. Night Shyamalan has returned to the quality of his most celebrated films, offering a very entertaining movie with a good direction. [Full review in Spanish]
In a twist as sharp as the ending to each of his cinematic creations, M. Night Shyamalan returns to form with film that actually isn't terrible in Split.
Split is the great return of M. Night Shyamalan. An exciting film worthy of the best of his work. [Full review in Spanish]
A story with several dyes of suspense and serial killers' horror. Undoubtedly the best film of M. Night Shyamalan in years, or at least, the most interesting. [Full review in Spanish]
Within the conventional that "Split" may seem (in its aesthetics and structure), there are good moments in it and it's an entertaining film. [Full review in Spanish]
Split creates dark, claustrophobic and almost asphyxiating atmospheres, and amazing dialogues. [Full review in Spanish]
Shyamalan returns with a story where the horror is facing the different faces of evil, where James McAvoy manages to be a memorable villain. [Full review in Spanish]
A nod that demonstrates the sincere despair of the filmmaker: in order to provoke emotion, he is able to remind us that he once made good films. And yes, but it was a long time ago. [Full review in Spanish]
A film in which its structure is designed with high dose of credibility to keep the tension and curiosity on. [Full review in Spanish]
Maybe it can be confusing if you don't have any reference of this director, because we are before an expansion of Shyamalan's filmic world. For those who have the antecedent, it's a surprise, like watching two films in one. [Full review in Spanish]
A return to form for M. Night who offers up his most cerebral tale yet.
In the end we have a staggering actoral work in a dramatic thriller which curiosity is plunged by crushing too much in what has already been seen and understood. [Full review in Spanish]
An enjoyable piece of B-movie silliness, Split supplies mystery, suspense and creepy trepidation, and boasts a tour-de-performance from James McAvoy in the leading role. Or rather roles.
While this is certainly a step up from the likes of The Last Airbender and After Earth, it's still miles off Shyamalan's magnum opus, The Sixth Sense.
I've never wanted to walk out of any movie more so in my life.
The film's most positive quality is the performance turned in by James McAvoy. It's a dream role given he plays so many different characters.
Split sees M. Night Shyamalan elevated back into the veil of the serious filmmaking contenders.
Split seems at first like a venture into torture porn, but evolves into a more philosophical thriller exploring the extent to which the human mind can affect the physical world.
Split is a true return to form for Shyamalan, who delivers the kind of film here, we craved from him the last few years.
Split's success is more due to the skills of McAvoy in the lead role than the directing or writing of Shyamalan.
A tense, sickly and atmospheric kidnapping thriller that handles off-the-field action to create tension, and that strengthens Casey's character drawing through flashbacks from his childhood that impact his ruggedness. [Full review in Spanish]
It's too weird and entertainingly trashy to write off.
The result is a stimulating and rewarding exercise of a director who continues as a guardian of the dignity of the unknown. [Full review in Spanish]
Shyamalan does something that, in other hands, would be an annoying narcissistic gesture: a self-citation that radically transforms the identity of Split. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that will make you come out with shivers and will make you want to talk about it with your friends. [Full review in Spanish]
Not a great film and neither one of the best from M. Night Shyamalan, but it's the definitive confirmation that he's back. [Full review in Spanish]
Violently superficial.
The movie's simultaneous evocation of both the depravity at work beneath society's deceptive surfaces and the inadequacy of the liberal technocratic order to defend against that depravity is the secret to its success.
It might be outlandish but it's just as limp, and that's the kicker.
Split shows that the arc of Shyamalan's career may not necessarily be going in the direction everyone says it is. (Splice Today)
This suspenseful and unsettling thriller is a welcome return to form for writer-director M. Night Shyamalan.
If you remember M. Night's work prior to The Happening and wished for a return to the kind of cerebral thrillers that the world was introduced to through his efforts, you're in for a treat.
While individual scenes are occasionally thrilling in the moment, they don't hold much weight, and it ends with a whimper that suggests the director [...] hadn't really thought much beyond its admittedly nifty high-concept premise.
Taylor-Joy has a sense of self-possession so fierce it's frightening, and ... her performance here does a great deal to pull Split above its sometimes queasy use of unspeakable trauma as a plot point.
Split isn't a disaster; it's just all over the place and not nearly as effective as it should be for something with such a good premise and performances.
Tepid pace hobbles "Split."
Without a doubt, this film is tense, lean and sometimes mean.
shows that Shyamalan doesn't need a twist to make an intense, engaging thriller that satisfies our morbid inner cravings
Regardless of how you feel about the ending, though, most will note a tour de force performance from McAvoy, who is often called to transition between characters on a dime and easily proves to be the highlight of the film.
An armrest-clutching psychological thriller that is bound to render you breathless by the time the credits roll...with the spirit of Alfred Hitchcock watching over him, M Night Shyamalan seems to have recovered his bearings.
The competition for next year's Best Actor Oscar nominations begins here in January with this, the first truly good Shyamalan film in a long while.
The biggest surprise here isn't the premise itself, or how the accompanying tale unfolds... it's how effectively everything plays out.
With nothing remotely human menacing the girls, the horrors visited upon them become just so much nasty sadism. And it's Shyamalan himself, not McAvoy's supposed character(s), who inflicts it. A deeply unpleasant movie.
Three teenage girls are held captive in a grimy building somewhere by a madman with 23 personalities, but at least they aren't trapped in a theater watching this exercise in tedium from vaunted master of surprise M. Night Shyamalan.
Shyamalan orchestrates all of this early dread beautifully, like an uncomfortable symphony, with McAvoy playing all of the parts while shifting in demeanor, posture, accent and more with each new personality.
A gripping and suspenseful film with a troubling relationship to mental illness.
The director's use of offscreen space to generate tension is particularly expert, as demonstrated in an opening abduction sequence that is a film class-ready gem of purposeful framing, cutting and sound design.
The combination of James McAvoy's riveting performance as Kevin... and The Witch's Anya Taylor-Joy as a sullen teenager he kidnaps, make the perfect tinder for M. Night Shyamalan's take on the abduction thriller genre to ignite.
Featuring a villain whose personality disorder means he has 23 distinct identities inhabiting his body, Shyamalan immediately falls into well-worn and deeply problematic tropes.
This is a filmmaker with almost no real talent for coherence, originality or purpose and in spite of his insistence on audience secrecy, his overly contrived plots are easy to figure out before the beginning of the second reel.
Split is a great psychological thriller with supernatural reach, that works thanks to an excellent return to form by M. Nigh Shyamalan and a spectacular turn by James McAvoy. Oh, and that ending! [Full review in Spanish]
Lurid and squicky, Split treads water and keeps too many secrets on a dull path to the revelation of its self-satisfied cleverness.
A suspenseful supernatural thriller that becomes a teasing origin story, perhaps propelling a sequel.
Though Split still doesn't approach the quality of The Sixth Sense and Unbreakable, it is proof that the writer-director finally has something interesting to say again.
Shyamalan has returned to what he loves to do: use cheap horror tropes to create his own harebrained mythos.
McAvoy is in his element mincing about and scaring Taylor-Joy, while Shyamalan channels Hitchcock at his deviant best.
In short, we are watching an old-fashioned exploitation flick-part of a depleted and degrading genre that not even M. Night Shyamalan, the writer and director of "Split," can redeem.
A terrifying psycho thriller, an acting showcase for James McAvoy, and a return to form for M. Night Shyamalan, whose body of work since his brilliant The Sixth Sense has otherwise been a mess
In Split, James McAvoy faces his greatest challenge yet: being directed by M. Night Shyamalan. (Oh, and playing two dozen distinct personalities. But mainly the first thing.)
A film so well-designed that it turns out to have a dissociative identity of its own.
Shyamalan has made a horror movie that's cleverer than most, though not nearly as mind-blowing as his fervent admirers will claim.
It's far from perfect, but where so many modern horror movies are anonymous, Split has personality and then some.
Marks a definite return to form for Shyamalan.
Shyamalan has been biding his time in The Twilight Zone, mounting, if not a comeback, a tentative second beginning ... More ingenious than scary; it could have used a few more hardcore shocks.
To all of the shocking developments of the last 12 months, we may now add yet one more: M. Night Shyamalan has made a good movie.
Watching McAvoy play his many parts with such commitment is fun to watch - like a drag artist twirling kitchen knives and live chickens instead of feather boas. There's plenty of suspense and danger, but there's even more camp.
Unpleasant and pointless kidnapping thriller.
McAvoy clearly is having a blast as the conflicted main character, altering his voice and mannerisms to create his varied personas ...
You don't need a sixth sense to know the latest discombobulation emanating from the singular mind of M. Night Shyamalan is -- if nothing else -- a hugely entertaining affair.
Deranged thriller will certainly split audiences, but it's a daring piece of cinema.
A rare, straight-up horror film from Shyamalan, Split is a thrilling reminder of what a technical master he can be.
You can find your share of entertainment here, but the price it exacts is brutal indeed. Fairly warned thee be, says I.
McAvoy gives a master class in performance in the multiple roles, relying less on costume changes than on language, facial expressions and physicality to transform.
What likely will rejuvenate the career of former A-list filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan becomes a genuine creepy-crawly thriller around a remarkable performance by James McAvoy.
Shyamalan demonstrates a mastery over the form of the mean and lean psycho-thriller, aided in no small party by the performances of McAvoy, Taylor-Joy and Buckley, and smooth-yet-unsettling camera work by cinematographer Michael Gioulakis.
[McAvoy] invests each of his characters' personalities with dramatic shadings of mannerism. This might have elevated Kevin to the stature of Anthony Perkins' Norman Bates, if Shyamalan's script had been as good as McAvoy's acting. It is not.
Though the last 20 minutes may disappoint, the majority of the film is genuinely thrilling and, to its credit, an incredibly interesting premise.
When put against the already-existing acclaimed movies, how does The Sixth Sense director M Night Shyamalan's latest fare? Relatively well it turns out and commendably so.
This movie, even with some interesting side tangents I still need to think about and ruminate on, is ferocious, and coupled with sensational performances from McAvoy and Taylor-Joy proves to be January spellbinder worthy of a viewer's undivided attention.
... a mildly unsettling but never truly frightening puzzle of a thriller that develops only intermittent tension as it seeks to find a personality of its own.
The movie as a whole is not serious enough to work as a drama and not entertaining enough to qualify as escapism.
It's classic Shyamalan... and given his former heights, that's an impressive achievement.
Split does a terrific job of keeping us guessing and never allowing the audience to relax for too long; there's also some of the best humor Shyamalan has ever put on screen.
Director Shyamalan really gets his mitts on you with this one: It's wild and suspenseful, and without his trademark trick of pulling the rug out from under you at the end with such a vigorous tug that you end up on your backside and not terribly amused.
Not that it isn't entertaining at times... But Split falls way short of his brilliant The Sixth Sense -- or even his uneven Signs and The Happening.
The patented "Shyamalan twist" completely derails what is, for a time, a very well-crafted chiller.
Directed by M Night Shyamalan, the horror-thriller is full of plot holes, but McAvoy's joyful and menacingly lunatic performance papers over most of them.
In his best film since The Sixth Sense, Shyamalan employs menacing close-ups to create a mood of threatening claustrophobia.
Free from the expectations of splendor, spectacle, and huge box office returns, Shyamalan leans on dialogue, characters, atmosphere, and mood to tell his story. And he's a better filmmaker because of it.
Shyamalan juggles all these borrowed balls with grace and skill; it's only when he adds in some of his own that he falters.
It is a measure of Shyamalan's success that he finds room for so many different moods and feelings. The director may never return to his place in the film canon, but here he makes a case for a unique, intriguing new niche.
It's the sort of outlandish setup one might expect from The Sixth Sense mastermind M. Night Shyamalan, and thanks to inspired turns from Taylor-Joy and Scottish actor James McAvoy, Split is often as engrossing as it is implausible.
Shyamalan is a one-trick pony who needs to find a new rodeo.
Shyamalan is clearly having fun here and we're laughing with him. As I said, it's a big improvement on After Earth.
McAvoy and Taylor-Joy immediately establish an engaging, fluid chemistry - and Betty Buckley pops up in a subplot... And it's all expertly shot by It Follows cinematographer Mike Gioulakis.
It's a genuinely freaky movie, packed with unsettling touches and wonderfully intense performances.
Shyamalan's popcorn picture is head-scramblingly strange - a chiller where both the bad guy and his victims are, well, victims.
There are moments of fear and loathing in the story, but at just under two hours the whole production overstays its welcome, and isn't really as clever as the director would have us believe.
Dark and derivative. PG-13? Are you kidding me? Don't send kids to this .
Director/writer M. Night Shyamalan returns with a chilling and disturbing slice of psychological horror.
Shyamalan's distinct style - stiff, formal, sometimes ludicrous and operatic, pockmarked with comedy - is back in full bloom.
Perhaps the most charitable way to look at Split is that is a cry for help by its director. "Stop me before I film again," he seems to be saying.
M. Knight Shyamalan's movies often have plots that chase their tails. This one is no different but James McAvoy's playing eight different characters is a treat.
Split is the best M. Night Shyamalan creation in recent memory, as anchored by a great performance (or, rather, performances) by James McAvoy.
Shyamalan has made the straightest thriller of his career, nearly free of the misguided detours and bonkers twists that made him famous. You wish it were messier.
Yes, it's terrific. We have a new Hannibal. Extraordinary performance by McAvoy. It's his next franchise. Will the next 10 years going to be all about Shyamalan all the time? Does he remember his last films with shame like we do?
Split has a few decent jump scares but it's [James] McAvoy's performance more than any single scene that makes this horror film such a wild ride.
McAvoy is having a grand time, and watching him slide from person to person is like an acting class for our benefit.
With apologies to Mr. Cool J, this is indeed a comeback for Shyamalan.
It's a mystery that falls apart at the first touch.
You have to see Split on its opening weekend.
...smaller narratives better fit Shyamalan's eye. And "Split" is a successful more confined project that fits remarkably well into his quirky canon.
It's all too much, despite a bravura performance by McAvoy, who sinks his teeth into the rich and unusual opportunity to portray so many unhinged villains
McAvoy is excellent, but, for pure squeals and entertainment, the film falls short of Shyamalan's The Visit from 2015.
"Split" doesn't do enough to overcome its weaknesses, bouncing between a grungy horror exploitation flick, a psychological thriller and a supervillain origin story.
Nicely shot by Mike Gioulakis, Split keeps us riveted, laughing, jumping out of seats and guessing right to the end. It's a nasty little piece of work, Shyamalan's best in forever, and a juicy, macabre pleasure to watch.
Those final 30 or so seconds do a lot of work to cover up what is otherwise a mostly engaging piece of hokum, a grim kidnapping tale that makes a silly hash of psychology.
The narrative is choppy, the tension is less pervasive than it should be, and there's no ending.
Split earns its unsettling sense of the creeps and is a pleasure to regard even when it's not springing surprises
Shyamalan creates nail-biting tension and gives McAvoy room to create a vast array of interesting characters within a single body. But it's disgusting how Shyamalan treats the three young women as meat, literally and figuratively.
It's immensely silly and, for the most part, nowhere near scary enough, but with James McAvoy quite clearly having an absolute blast it's still a funhouse ride worth taking.
Shyamalan gets his Hitchcock groove on in this deviously playful horror thriller that satisfies as a companion piece to his earlier, more successful works.
It's hard to imagine that Split will be embraced by mental health professionals but it makes for a tense, heart-in-the-mouth cat-and-mouse thriller.
The main reason anyone should check out Split is to marvel at McAvoy's breathtaking performance.
Split represents the director's A-game, and showcases his talent for fantastical storytelling grounded in the everyday.
The film contends that people are purified by suffering. Having suffered through the screening, I'm still waiting for my purer self to kick in.
"Split" is lurid and ludicrous, and sometimes more than a little icky in its prurient, maudlin interest in the abuse of children. It's also absorbing and sometimes slyly funny.
An unpredictable, suspenseful little tale that comes together surprisingly satisfyingly, thanks to clever plotting and a truly committed performance from McAvoy.
Shyamalan has managed to deliver a fiercely effective, ferociously funny and genuinely gory horror movie, all without relying on a last act rug-pull.
An enjoyably stacked entertainment, equally crunchy and silky in its desire to be as appetizing a two hours as you could spend in suspended disbelief.
M. Night Shyamalan's Split is a thriller with a perspective from a time when the stigmatization of mental illness was rarely, if ever, considered.
The director's fans will undoubtedly cheer the final form of the picture, but it's a big reach for a movie that doesn't have the wingspan to begin with.
If "Split" were a drama released in the final months of the year, James McAvoy would be getting awards talk, but its "lesser" genre status means that he likely won't receive the attention the performance(s) deserve.
an overlong exercise that fails to pay off
A solid encapsulation of what Shyamalan is all about.
Split is all about atmosphere and build-up, which Shyamalan renders suitably claustrophobic.
[McAvoy] is an actor at the top of his game, flipping all the switches when it comes to the audience's emotions.
The results aren't flawless, but Split is nevertheless a tense, exciting thriller anchored by a stunning performance by James McAvoy. And it may just restore Shyamalan fans' belief in the power of the twist ending.
I went with it. I got back on that M. Night bandwagon, and the finish line in particular was just spectacularly fantastic.
His new movie, Split, brings a twist not even most Shyamalan fans could have seen coming: It's his best film since The Sixth Sense.
Filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan launches a full-fledged comeback with this tense, satisfying horror-thriller. Split is refreshingly infused with thoughtful ideas and sly suggestion, rather than gore or brutality.
Split is a movie worth taking a step out of your comfort zone for. It won't make you sorry you took the chance.
For all its genre trappings, "Split" comes from a cerebral perspective. Or at least one more concerned with psychology than gory physiology.
Shyamalan's skill as a filmmaker-his instincts for crisp editing, his knack for navigating shifting points of view-have always been stronger than his ideas. That's true here, too, yet Split is compulsively watchable.
Like the villain of Split, Shyamalan's worst enemy just might be himself.
When Shyamalan embraces his identity as a horror director with a knack for surprises, more fun is had by all.
For most of its nearly two-hour running time, "Split" is quite enjoyable, a clever one-up of "Psycho" with some interesting twists and several funny-creepy moments.
The movie falls oddly flat: less tantalizingly enigmatic "et cetera" than "blah blah blah."
Split's giddy nonsense ultimately dissolves in a scrum of half-realized ideas, but maybe that's exactly Shyamalan's goal ...
James McAvoy plays 24 personalities in Split, and you can't be sure if M. Night Shyamalan intended this to be a suspense-diluted horror film or a professional resume reel showcasing the actor's astonishing versatility.
James McAvoy is a one man show here. He gives a psychopathic tour de force performance. Split is M. Night Shyamalan's best film in fifteen years.
Give James McAvoy an award (or 24) for his performance in Split.
Somewhere in [M. Night Shyamalan's head] is another killer story. But "Split" isn't it.
M. Night Shyamalan's story of a kidnapper with serious identity issues is an acting showcase for James McAvoy - and first-rate creepfest.
Moodying with faux menace around the nutter's underworld, Shyamalan fails to develop his three-pack of vapid victims and pads his script with go-nowhere plot twists.
Shyamalan weaves a devilishly demented web of clues, and you never know where he's going until he gets there. And when he does, hang on. It gets wild, in more ways than one.
Having weathered the ups and downs of more than 20 years in Hollywood, Shyamalan proves he's still capable of delivering a harrowing thriller, one smartly of a piece with his cinematic past, yet standing on its own as a diverting experience.
Distressing, narratively convenient exploitation that gets by on the strength of McAvoy's fearless, electrifyingly adaptive performance.
This measured, diligently crafted register feels like Shyamalan back on home turf.
Split is funnier, campier, and more freewheeling than anything its writer-director has done-slightly overlong, but reminiscent of Brian De Palma films like The Fury and Femme Fatale in its refusal to be boring.
"Split" doesn't just revive Shyamalan's career; it resurrects his brand.
Split is a deeply disturbing film that covers every evil human deed from kidnapping to cannibalism. But it's also wildly funny in parts.
M. Night Shyamalan has made a welcome return to form, handing James McAvoy one (or rather, some) of the best roles of his career.
It retains the same scrappy B-movie charm, telling a sometimes familiar horror story with confidence and a surprising amount of depth.
Maybe it's not saying much to note this is M. Night Shyamalan's best film in years; what really seals the hey-this-is-good deal here is James McAvoy, who elevates this horror handily.
Except for a late Shyamalan-ish wink at the audience, "Split" is rarely fun or frightening.
Everything hangs together -- barely -- because of McAvoy's portrayal of the deranged captor
After so many films that relied on [overwrought twist endings]... it seems like Shyamalan has finally gotten over the hump to make the kinds of stories he makes best: atmospheric, suspenseful potboilers.
A movie with drama elements that ends up being a horror film in an almost imperceptible narrative game, very well integrated by Shyamalan. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, you could probably improve "Split" by editing out everything around McAvoy and making it an experimental one-man show.
Split is personal and outlandish, with questionable themes, riveting plotting, somber storytelling, and elegant construction.
"Split" is always watchable, and occasionally great. And that's probably more than even the most forgiving former Shyamalan fan ever thought they'd see again.
For much of its running time, the film is tense and genuinely intriguing.
Split is never as clever or poignant as it thinks it is, but James McAvoy won't let it be forgotten, either.
"Split's" biggest asset is James McAvoy...portraying 8 or 9 of his character's 24 alters, often within the same scene (in one scant minute or so near the end McAvoy runs through them all in a jaw dropping display).
This is no mere midnight movie. Shyamalan couldn't make one of those to save his life.
If anyone was hesitant to declare The Visit a sign that M. Night Shyamalan's pendulum career is back on the upswing, Split should do much to convince them.
After that streak of deadly misfires it's nice to see Shyamalan enjoying himself again.
M. Night Shyamalan's thrilling and satisfying return to form showcases an entertaining, multi-faceted role for James McAvoy.
Split feels rushed and careless, spectacularly bungling a premise that had potential.
An eerie and intimate psychological thriller with Hitchcockian tones harkening back to the Shyamalan's early 2000s run that put him on the filmmaking map.
Shyamalan gets his chutzpah, if not his mojo back with this suspense-free and indulgent ego trip
There's a tiny shiver of something in the final few seconds that doesn't exactly change what we've watched so much as say, "I'm still M. Night Shyamalan, and I'm still crazy!" He's become his own twist ending.
In Shyamalan's inventive meta-psychodrama, it's 23 (or so) characters in search of an author.
There's a locked-room mystery going on inside Kevin's head. But Split shows too little of the individual selves for viewers to develop a stake in puzzling out who's up to what.
Shyamalan papers over plot-holes with dry black humour and well-judged suspense, and - as always - holds back some surprises.
Writer-director M. Night Shyamalan's low-budget treat savors its midnight-movie creepiness, and yet its gripping finale turns out to be more emotional than one might expect.
McAvoy's finest turn since Filth, is enough to turn this inane, absurd piece of cinema, into a rather good one.
This is a Shyamalan movie through and through. And it's his best in some time, thanks to a magnetic McAvoy.
It's a sensational performance (or performances) from McAvoy, switching between many of these oddballs as they struggle to become the dominant force inside their host.
'Split' is thrilling in the moment but bungles the final stretch in a way that invalidates its arcs and subtexts.
Split is a thrilling return to form for M. Night Shyamalan that proves he still has many new tricks up his sleeve.
SPLIT is yet another step in the right direction for M. Night Shyamalan.
An engaging, stylish psychological thriller.
Where Split lost me was when it shifted focus to Barry. He could be a captivating antagonist and certainly a bravura performance by McAvoy, but following him this closely robs him of mystery and just plain overestimates how interesting he is.
James McAvoy gives a terrifying career-best performance in Shyamalan's best film since Signs.
While Split takes dissociative identity disorder to a more ridiculous extreme than most other depictions, the movie has a sympathetic core.
...reminds you that suspense is his natural milieu, while also making clear that some of the aspects of his work that have been considered unintentional camp are in fact his deliberate, deadpan sense of humor in play.
A welcome return to form from 'The Sixth Sense' director M. Night Shyamalan, whose unhinged new mind-bender is a worthy extension of his early work.
This is as straightforward a thriller as M. Night Shyamalan has delivered in years, and that works both to its advantage and detriment. And no, it's not an even split between the two.
The director ties themes together at the end with more finesse than usual, letting a couple of meaningful visuals speak for themselves where he might have thrown in a line or two of explanatory dialogue.
Split really is a movie for all sorts of personalities.
Only James McAvoy's multi-faceted performance saves the movie from complete mediocrity.
Split is a solid example of the type of elevated B-movie potboiler at which Shyamalan excels, and to which he thankfully seems to be re-committing his energies.
Split is good, 'ole fashioned Shyamalan. It will greatly reward those who have still stuck with the filmmaker throughout his career and will hopefully introduce a new generation to his special brand of storytelling.
Split is one further step for Shyamalan on the road to cinematic redemption. We can only hope he continues to work at this level of production.
M. Night Shyamalan's latest film is entertaining, scary, and full of surprises, with an amazing performance by James McAvoy.
M. Night Shyamalan is back, baby, and the best he's been in decades.

@highlight

Split serves as a dramatic tour de force for James McAvoy in multiple roles -- and finds writer-director M. Night Shyamalan returning resoundingly to thrilling form.