It's agonising to watch the two lead performers going deep into the sludge.
A vicious, torture-happy debt collector with some severe sexual peccadilloes is, erm, softened by the return of his estranged mother in Kim Ki-duk's deeply unsettling Pieta.
Possesses a sad, quiet power. Kim's film isn't as a cool as those made by his compatriots. But it is, in its own way, just as memorable.
Succeeds in repulsing and enlightening viewers simultaneously, even if its views on self-sacrifice and redemption are cynical.
This is a grisly fable that never goes where we expect it to. And it has some important things to say about both revenge and sacrifice.
Nasty is as nasty does, and this lurid if aspirational potboiler does its thing, but the camera could have been let in on the joke.
Oedipal metaphysics give way to something altogether more mundane, but Jo and Lee are committed leads, the former carrying the burden of the movie with motherly care and attention.
Kim intends a parable about capitalism run amok, which is about as subtle as a wrecking ball aimed at the World Bank.
Dark and twisted but without the depth to back it up, Pietà is determined to provoke controversy at the expense of characterisation.
The film is far from a masterpiece ... but it bristles with Kim's trademark anger and agony.
A vicious, unrelenting and bleak drama depicting the devastating effect of the current economic climate on society.
Repellent on every level.
Anyone who can get past its surface aggression will discover one of the more delicately crafted character studies of modern cinema, and a testament to the talent of director Kim Ki-duk, who continues to shock and astound in equal measure.
This film will split opinions, but one thing we can all rejoice in together, is witnessing the unhappiest blowing out of candles on a birthday cake you'll see on the big screen in a long while!
Pieta is the kind of film that sends sensitive audiences rushing towards the exit and yet for those who remain to the bitter end there is method in all of this savagery, purpose visible through the grey clouds of unrelenting bleakness.
As the intensity ramps up, Pieta skews more towards silliness than shock.
It's compelling stuff, a film that starts out as one thing but subtly shifts to become something else entirely.
There is a touch too much of the handheld camera, but in general one senses that the very quality of the way this film was made is one of its justifications for being and for its raw moments.
After being subjected to disturbing scenes of abject cruelty, rape and torture, my reactions shifted from squeamish revulsion to a reluctant yet growing appreciation for Kim's thematic ambition.
Kim crafts a quietly powerful, character-driven morality tale that is less about the relationship between mother and son than it is about money and happiness.
A gangster story with a latent conscience.
The film's big reveal may not come as that much of a surprise; you may figure out where it's going well before the end. But it's the getting there that is, if not exactly fun, then certainly hypnotic.
[A] lurid but undeniably powerful story, and the lead performances are compelling.
Fascination returns at the stirring climax, when the plot neatly twists and the film's apparently simple message turns deeper, and blacker.
By the time the last dark plot twist rolls around, any dollop of emotional connection has been diluted in a sea of empty unpleasantness.
A mother's love for her child takes on brutal new meaning in Pieta, a film by Kim Ki-duk that's as hard to watch as it is to forget.
Ki-duk's having his cake, and chewing it with his mouth open, too.
Wrenching Oedipal tragedy not for the casual viewer
No comfort in this Pieta
Like many South Korean films, revenge is a major theme here, although the way Kim handles it is particularly subtle and surprising: It sneaks up on you.
The film contains some memorable moments, and a pair of fine performances, but it's hard not to feel that it would have proved more successful if it had stayed on the path it was heading down for the first forty minutes or so.
May not rank with the operatic madness of Park Chan-wook, or the visceral overkill of Kim Jee-woon, but if you're still not sick of feeling sick, then Pieta might be the movie for you.
The performances of these two leads are compelling and the Cheonggyecheon area can almost be seen as another character in Kim's morality tale.
Kim has a very specific wringer he intends to usher his pawns through and a particular course he's plotted to it. Consequently, a complex, troubling character study slowly becomes a borderline conventional narrative.
More philosophy than film at times, it asks questions without expecting easy answers. What is money? What is love? And what would you do for either?
Expectedly gruesome in some of its details. But it's the explicitness about capitalism's emotional wreckage that gives this micro-budgeted drama a gut-punch heft.
The newest masterpiece of sex and brutality by South Korean wild man Kim Ki-duk.
Filled with feisty women and cowering men, "Pieta" twists human emotions into pretzels of perversion.
Kim offers no easy answers, and never backs away from the toughness of the questions, in a film that's ugly in both its material and its presentation.
Thou shalt not borrow, nor maim those who owe interest, preaches this obsessive auteur, offering one more near-mute seeker of justice. The tragic perversity is gripping.
For all its cringe-inducing horror, "Pieta" is visually restrained, striking visceral blows with psychological precision while making little use of gore.
This is brilliant in some stretches and deplorable in others, with the director's usual extreme violence and depraved sexuality.
It's a nasty, compelling thriller if you have the stomach, perhaps not as profound as it wants us to think it is, but sharply realized nonetheless.
With its dazzlingly cynical story and intensely squalid setting, it's a trip to the dark side - indeed, the darkest side.
It's like a dour, less stylized version of one of the violent revenge fantasies from Kim's fellow countryman, Park Chan-wook.
This tidy, ultimately moving thriller about a loan shark who meets a woman claiming to be his mother offers up the director's vintage blend of cruelty, wit and moral complexity.
There is no denying Kim's ability to drag the viewer into those dark places of humanity that we don't want to go. It's not an easy film but it's a worthwhile one.
...as a character study and even as a thriller, PIETA creates an uneasy sense of dread heightened by the two terrific leads.
An intriguing tale of redemption and rebirth ... that eventually segues into a more conventional revenge drama.
It's likely that two incestuous interactions between the purported blood relatives will be a deal breaker for most viewers, and both of [those] scenes admittedly play with a degree of poseur provocation.
Kim Ki-duk's film makes an exaggerated, undeserved show of its cruelty, indignity, and aspirations of importance.
Frágil como manifestação política, mas suficientemente eficiente como drama para impressionar o espectador.

@highlight

It lacks subtlety and depth of character, but Pieta gets by with committed performances and a darkly ambitious, deceptively simple message.