It's not hard to figure out why this movie has triumphed at film festivals.
Ya gotta love these guys! How could you NOT love these guys?
This film shows the triumph of the human spirit and the strength of will.
Despite the director's smarmy narration and interviews, the bemused equanimity of these folks who've seen it all could inspire each of us to what "we can can" do as we age.
If it...verges on being just slightly patronising at times, that's a quarrel with the filmmakers, not its participants.
It's a pity that director Stephen Walker, who also narrates, imposes so much of himself on the material, asking at times the most insensitive questions.
Develops into a poignant reflection on community, mortality and how we all need to stop and smell the roses. Recommended.
Funny, touching and life-affirming.
As an interviewer Walker is habitually condescending and sometimes downright inane...
The wonderful members of the choir, truly young at heart, overcome the occasional clumsiness of the filmmaker and you come away from this film feeling genuinely uplifted.
The devil may have all the best tunes, but it's the elderly who nail them. Charming, heartwarming and totally kick-ass, you'll never look at your grandparents in the same way.
Sure, these 'zesty', 'lively' old folks are enjoying themselves. The question is why on earth we should be expected to watch.
Moments of high comedy and deep tragedy make this more than the average rehearsal and concert film.
That might be because the film has already been shown on the BBC - a fact that, along with the unprepossessing production values, rather begs the question of why bother with a cinematic release at all?
A lovely little film.
Judicious trimming would have improved the movie, but Johnny Cash-voiced Fred Knittle's opening night rendition of Coldplay's "Fix You", dedicated to the recently departed members, is guaranteed to leave not a dry eye in the house.
If this film were any more heartwarming, your chest would melt.
A worse film might be dismissed as sobsploitation. But Stephen Walker's documentary - a labour of love inspired by Walker's first sight of the group in a London West End show - touches the mind as well as the heart.
That not all of them do sadly lends a much-needed emotional depth to a doc that, odd beautiful moments aside, can feel like a solid reality TV hour stretched out to 108 minutes. Bring hankies.
They more than justify a film which, despite its faults, makes the winter of life less terrifying than it's made out to be.
Heartwarming and heartbreaking in equal measure, Young At Heart is a good antidote for cynicism.
It will make you feel wonderful, and if you're like me, whose emotional barometer responds in the positive with tears, take plenty of tissues.
It works as both a concert film and as a case study in people who literally live for music.
The chorus members in Young@Heart don't trash hotel rooms or bed groupies. But they also aren't going gently into that good night.
It's like the 50-year reunion of High School Musical.
Evolves into an unforgettably inspirational film filled with joy and disarming honesty.
if you're looking to see a documentary this season about old people singing, the Rolling Stones' "Shine a Light" is not your only option.
A rare feelgood film that actually made me feel good.
A more genuinely sweet and uplifting documentary I have not seen in quite a while.
Whether you know it yet or not, this will be one of your favorite movies of the year.
The soothing, all encompassing power of music and song - its ability to unify, offer pleasure, fulfill the artistic bent, communicate, and much more - is vividly demonstrated in the documentary Young@Heart.
[Y]ou cannot come away from this charming and inspiring documentary... and not vow to never, ever give up on life, or on anything you really want to do, no matter what great age you manage to achieve.
"Young@Heart" plays like a 100-minute version of one of those "on the lighter side" news feature segments that end a local newscast.
Young@Heart is nothing less than an ode to joy.
Its subjects are so compelling that Young @ Heart becomes a blisteringly funny and deeply moving meditation on music and mortality.
Young@Heart is a classic. May we all live to be so youthful in spirit and soul.
There's something really enjoyable about seeing a group of 70-something, 80-something and 90-something amateurs performing with the energy of people who are half -- or even a quarter -- of their age.
...joyous and brimming with life...
The group's enthusiasm, natural talent and undeniable chutzpah effort-lessly translates to the screen in Stephen Walker's winning new documentary.
A tribute to this nation's elderly, an ode to the power of the arts, and a salute to David Bowie, Bruce Springsteen, Jimi Hendrix and the other musicians whose songs have found new rhyme and reason thanks to these geriatric rockers.
Their "specialness" is the hook by which the film extols their representativeness.
An uplifting account of elderly people we should all emulate!
No beautiful people here, just a beautiful story.
An undeniably sweet mix of disarming honesty, inspired gumption and brutal reality, Young@Heart somehow manages to avoid the maudlin while enhancing the obvious with its portrait of a chorus of senior citizens who sing contemporary rock songs.
What makes Young@Heart such an ingratiating experience goes far deeper than the novelty of seeing old people singing hard rock tunes.
In many ways, this serious side of Young@Heart is what ultimately makes the film memorable.
The members of the Young at Heart Chorus might not offer the serpentine strutting or Bacchanalian back story of the Rolling Stones, but their vivacity, dedication and courage would give any rock idol pause.
While there is a significant cute factor built into that conceit, the strength of Young @ Heart is it takes the music seriously.
Inspirational, funny, sad and very satisfying.
A chorus (average age 80) prepares for a springtime tour, putting their signature spin on classics--classics like The Clash's "Should I Stay or Should I Go."
The group is a testament to the healing capabilities of music. The choir itself deserves four stars; if the film had delivered the same grit and poignancy, it would have too.
The project reeks of commercial calculation, which is just tolerable until Walker, in search of a story arc, follows two chorus members with serious illnesses into the hospital.
One of the most remarkable scenes you will ever see in a documentary is the chorus of elderly men and women -- average age of 80 -- singing Bob Dylan's 'Forever Young' before convicts in a Massachusetts penitentiary.
It's an emotional tapestry, sure to both delight audiences and move them to tears.
Despite the flaws of the filmmaking, the characters who populate the Young@Heart chorus shine through, inspiring young and old alike.
The film's emotional peak comes at the end when the chorus performs for prison inmates who must be, on average, well under half the age of the singers. It's a liberating experience, for both sides.
Truth is, any heart that's open can connect with this vital, amusing, good rocking and very inspiring story.
Funny and achingly sad.
The doc may indeed be too cute for some, but Walker knows when to step back and let life, with all its harshness and disappointments, into the picture.
In Young@Heart, the prison is old age, and every song's a jailbreak.
Young@Heart eschews the clichés about old people for something that we can all relate to: our own mortality.
A film that proves that age is only a state of mind, stardom is only a social security check away and wine and cheese aren't the only things that get better with time.
It shows that no one has more reason to stick it to The Man with rock music than people who are most defiantly not going gently into that good night.
At the base of its premise as a documentary, Young@Heart seems like a can't-miss proposition. But what really emerges is an essence and poignancy that goes beyond the black and white of just singing the rock songs.
It sounds dubious and cutesy, but within minutes it reveals itself as the real thing and doubt gives way to unbridled enthusiasm.
Documentarian Stephen Walker's brisk, ironic style of narration and frank inclusion of himself in the observations contribute mightily to the enterprise, which is also aided by his honesty.
Nothing prepared me for the unexpected resonance of this life-affirming, death-defying group portrait. Their advanced years have the effect of rejuvenating the lyrics and meaning of every number.
Charming, exuberant and poignant documentary...you'll probabvly come out of it with a spring in your step.
[Director] Walker has found a delicate, thoughtful, respectful, witty way to convey both the dignity of the individual men and women singing, as well as the ineffable power of determining to live fully until there's no breath left.
full of passion and honesty -- two emotions that are rarely found in life, let alone cinema
I love this film!
Here is revealed the true and unimpeachable gift of age and it is not just a revelation in this context, it is also way cool.
Makes you want to go out and join a chorus -- whatever your age may be.
Music can move you, no matter what style, no matter who performs. That's the most poignant lesson of Young@Heart.
One of the most delightful movies to come along this year.
Young @ Heart would have been a wonderful newspaper feature. Unfortunately, it's a nonfiction film -- and merely a middling one.
Not only is it enjoyable, Young@Heart is a heartening and poignant affirmation of the transformative power of music.
The Young@Heart Chorus has all the characters--and character--that any documentarian could ask for.
You won't believe the world of Young@Heart, but you'll have a hard time resisting it.
Despite the director, the film is damned wonderful
It's certainly a film that's cruel to disagree with, but for all the goodwill and positivity it brings, there's a hollow, gimmicky quality left behind that doesn't sit well when the picture starts to take matters seriously.
The 'Aren't these geezers adorable?' approach ends up diminishing his subjects rather than honoring them.
How can we be uplifted by a James Brown classic when the singer in fact doesn't feel good but actually has a painful-looking spine condition?
What makes Young@ Heart work well is the way director-narrator Stephen Walker focuses on how great music transcends age and generational shifts.
The film's appeal is at once sentimental and perverse: It's not every day that you get to see a 92-year-old woman soloing on 'Should I Stay Or Should I Go.'
Though the group members are hilarious and their stories effortlessly touching, the clumsy filmmaking and manipulative editing muddle what should have been a simple human story.
Anybody who thinks the Rolling Stones are old should check out the charming documentary Young@Heart, which features a group of rock performers whose average age is around 80.
Sure to be a hit not just with the AARP crowd, we'll surely see a lot of the film's ready-to-be excerpted videos.
To observe a fluctuating group of about two dozen singers whose average age is 80 perform in the documentary Young@Heart is to be uplifted, if slightly unsettled.
Young@Heart's worst enemy is its director, Stephen Walker, whose incessant pushing and prodding strives to manipulate in ways both needless and trite.
Regardless of your age, you'll leave Young at Heart with a big smile on your face. This musical is sheer joy and infectiously happy. It's one of this year's best films.
An extraordinary documentary about a senior citizen chorus that reveals singing as a spiritual practice that opens our hearts, provides fresh energy, and connects us with others.
...such a hilarious, moving and uplifting piece of work the only thing left to do after seeing it is to start campaigning the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences's documentary arm to change their rules...
The result is a feel good documentary that has us laughing and crying with our new friends.
The best film I've seen so far this year and easily one of my favorite documentaries ever.
We get to know these folks, their love for life and performing -- and yes, we even start to see them as more than a mere novelty act.
A choir full of (very) old people get down with the rock music. Sweet, funny, touching stuff.
This charming offbeat docu about a chorus of young-spirited senior citizens is not a great film but it's touching and poignant, contesting cultural stereotypes about old age, love, and creativity; worth seeing, preferably with old members of your clan.
An irresistibly joyous, tearful and, most importantly, musical doc about a band of senior pop singers.
This entertaining and often moving documentary should help even the youngest of viewer get in touch with their own mortality and make it clear that life doesn't have to end at 60.



@highlight

Full of endearing characters, this doc about a choir of "seniors behaving badly" is uplifting and delightful.