What The Grey suggests is that Carnahan is a once-in-a-blue-moon kind of filmmaker: extremely capable within a genre, but also willing to think about it critically.
Overall, The Grey is a solid movie that thinks a bit deeper than the usual action movie does and it features a strong performance from Neeson.
Liam Neeson can always be depended upon to give a good performance, regardless of the material, but here he truly excels.
The Grey isn't just about hunted men, although this does provide plenty of relentless tension throughout the film, but about the will to live.
Jack London cozies up to Frederick Nietzsche in The Grey, a sweaty-palmed action film about survival of the fittest.
While The Grey exhibits a highly commendable mastery of storytelling and an innate balance of suspense and introspective reflection, the film has failings that can be hard to overlook.
Director Joe Carnahan says, 'If you're afraid of wild animals or plane travel, this movie will put you off for a good, long time.' Really? One wants to know -- why is that a good thing?
This movie is awesome.
"The Grey" is a film that reminds us how fortunate we are to be sitting in a theater or at home on the couch and not suffering frostbite, hypoxia and being in the dastardly predicament of having giant wolf fangs ripping our innards inside out.
In the case of The Grey, less would have decidedly been more.
It's 'Man vs Wild Wolf' in this suspenseful Alaskan survival film.
The Grey remains a genuinely gripping survival story and a refreshing change from stale urban action flicks.
The Grey is an exciting, if uneven, paean to the macho ideal.
Both visceral and thoughtful.
Carnahan's gripping yet grim thriller is either a masterpiece of reflective cinema, or a bleak, inexcusably nihilistic bid to transcend movie tropes by alienating the audience.
A noteworthy performance from Liam Neeson keeps the character moments engaging and the man vs. nature scenarios offer a number of memorable sequences.
There are points where you can feel the filmmakers really trying to get their point across, only to have it lost again in a film that gets its story stuck in a rut.
The Grey is a cool action film with a heart and soul, which is refreshing to see in a January release.
A bold, uncompromising film that can't be dismissed as mere entertainment, no matter how thrilling it is.
One of the most complex action thrillers of the last ten years...
May very well be the best thrill ride of the year even after August. Don't miss it.
A survival thriller with teeth.
The Grey is a powerful drama, a chilling tale of horror, and an uplifting, emotionally raw look at the nature of man and spiritually.
I can't say I was sorry it was over. But it also has the stark purity of an icicle; it earns my respect if not my love.
I went into the fray and rode this intense, emotional ride with the characters. The Grey is hypnotic, terrifying, affective, poetic, and the best film that I've seen this year.
This movie starts off with the main character putting a gun to his head, having decided his life has no meaning or purpose. After that, the story starts getting depressing.
A gripping, survivalist drama with more humanity than expected.
Remember all the big talk from Joe Carnahan about bringing this back to theaters for Oscar consideration in the fall? Seems pretty stupid now, doesn't it?
He will be 60 this year but instead of slowing down, Liam Neeson is speeding up, as he has become the most bankable action hero in the world. His latest ice-cold thriller, The Grey, is currently the number one movie at the US box office.
a wild ride and will answer the question of how long you can hold your breath, and then quickly knock it out of you. Cinema seats will be torn apart, popcorn will fly and there might even be a few tears
The Grey features some astonishing sequences, spectacular cinematography, excellent performances and heartfelt ruminations on mortality, faith, masculinity, hope, family and existence. It also has really really cool wolves.
Joe Carnahan's best film since Narc...
This is a surprise of a film: spiritual, frightening, heartfelt, and thrilling. Exactly the opposite of what the "Liam Neeson punching wolves" trailer implied.
There are echoes of John Boorman's iconic survival drama Deliverance (1972) as the men come to realise that nature has no pity, no feelings. The way the men interact is part of the drama, as hotheads and fools are revealed beneath the macho masks
Liam Neeson's powerful presence is the central focus of the story; he is our compass as we experience the terror, the isolation, the conflict, the hope and the many obstacles to survival - both physical and mental
The Grey is the first movie to cast Liam Neeson appropriately since his ascent to pop icon status. Here, as the last man standing against the viciousness of nature, he is the pure, distilled essence of man.
To be let down by the film's rather poetic conclusion to miss the true, introspective intent of the film entirely.
Aside from Neeson's top-caliber performance...the movie's got several excellent set pieces...
This is not a gritty realistic survival film, but a film that functions on a mythical level to explore the meaning of life, the existence of God and the hubris of humanity.
... A harrowing tale not necesarily of survival but of the will to survive and what happens when maybe that isn't enough.
The best film of 2012. Too soon? Yeah, you're right. But this film is more than just Neeson killing wolves.
A thoughtful, tough-minded little tale of survival and attrition that sets its sights a bit further than its firepower takes it.
Director Joe Carnahan punctuates this movie with visceral, overwhelmingly realistic scenes that easily take first place in the Use the Bathroom Before Seeing This Movie Contest.
a physically and philosophically grueling survival thriller
The Grey separates itself from the pack.
Brutally poetic as only a proper B-picture of the best old-school tradition could ever be.
Silliness creeps in, and it doesn't matter very much onscreen that Neeson is claiming he chewed wolf jerky to prepare for his role.
Even Twilight haters might join Team Jacob rather than watch this shaggy undertaking.
The film is an intelligent study of the will to live.
The final act is marred by too much unnecessary backstory and 'characterization,' not to mention a leap-from-a-cliff episode that shatters the integrity of the movie's relative realism; even so, this marks a solid comeback for director Joe Carnahan.
An action movie with a brain and a heart.
Almost single handedly, Neeson makes this a lot more watchable than Twilight. In the cold, he's brrrr-a-ve!
There's not a lot of breathing when you watch this movie. It makes you hold your breath at regular intervals, and scarcely gives you time to exhale.
It all becomes just too testosterone-fueled to take seriously.
This isn't an adrenaline-heavy, rock-'em-sock-'em action movie, but a thoughtful one, albeit one punctuated with thrilling moments.
Liam Neeson is a great action hero but all the acting/action in the world can't save this pointless movie
Getting Neesoned means being up against it in unenviable circumstances.
The Grey is about raging against the dying of the light but also about accepting it with peace once the fight has been lost.
All of the spiritual campfire talk and philosophical mumbo-jumbo among guys with icicles on their beards feels like filler waiting for the next brutal wolf encounter.
Director Joe Carnahan is probably best known for "guy" movies like Smokin' Aces and The A-Team, but now he has made a movie about men.
If it takes intense trailers and commercials highlighting ravenous wolves, plane crashes and a sharp-shooting Liam Neeson to pack audiences into what turns out to be a meditation on faith and atonement, then so be it.
Three-fifths of a solid film!
'I don't see this movie ending well,' said a member of Liam's tribe, 'unless the wolves start talking to each other with the voices of Ian McKellen and Jeremy Irons.'
The Grey, despite moments of sublimity, is as predictable as a funeral. When Ottway angrily calls out to God, the nonanswer is sadly redundant.
If you're ever stranded in a frigid wilderness after a plane crash and wolves are stalking you, don't do what people do in The Grey. You will die, either from animal mauling, exposure or boredom.
Effectively creepy.
This is an existential, God-baiting fable where the wolves are agents of destiny and the isolated protagonists must confront their individual fates, and the effect is as chilling as the weather.
A gritty survival thriller.
Nonetheless, the primary focus of the film is Neeson, and he makes great use of the spotlight.
Packed with pulse-pounding thrills and genuine spooks, The Grey is a nightmare vision of man versus beast. Neeson's acting chops sell the film's cheesier inclinations while its pacing keeps viewers on the edge of their seats.
On the surface, a story of survival (and) the primal human fear of what lies beyond the light of the campfire. On a deeper level, it delves into the equally human, equally primal fear of what lies beyond the light of civilization and of reason.
... a wilderness horror story, where, one by one, the victims fairly rush to their gruesome fates. Think Jack London meets John Carpenter's 'The Thing' and you'll be close to the mark.
What this movie wants to do is to punch you, repeatedly, like *it* was Liam Neeson and not just starring Neeson. Because if you have a gut, this movie will punch you in it.
A solid piece of escapist fare, pure and simple.
Sure, Neeson stares down Mother Nature and tells the bitch to step. But "The Grey" mostly foregoes machismo for mourning and promotes the value of dying in the company of that which calms us ... even if it's reclaiming a rage to go down swinging.
"The Grey" offers amazing action scenes and an intelligent story. Put this flick on your must-see list. Paul Chambers, CNN.
The cinematography is spectacular. This is one movie where the handheld camera is used effectively. The production design of the disassembled plane & the attendant wreckage is top drawer. Other strengths include the lighting, facial close-ups, makeup &...
The stripped core story is a good watch: man against the elements and against himself -- primordial antagonists without and within, Mother Nature and human nature.
An intense, survivalist gore-fest.
Neeson is incredible, dominating the film with an icy resolve that transcends the story and helps take things to a viscerally effective level they never would have ascended to without his aid.
It's refreshing to see a movie that is willing to take the time to develop its characters, because it humanizes them beyond simple wolf fodder.
a strong man-versus-nature film that shows the thousands of ways Alaska can kill you, and it even manages to be quite touching at times
If one can ignore or not recognize the allegorical message, it's a relatively tense thriller.
...it's tough-minded movie about persevering even in the face of disaster.
A better than average survivalist flick, The Grey succeeds with taught direction, strong pacing and the fact that Neeson is one man you do not want to mess with.
Neeson is a master of brooding badassery in a role that might've gone to Charles Bronson 40 years ago.
If we had one like this a month - lean, smart, muscular, thematically coherent and filled with good character actors - the cinema would be in remarkably good shape.
The Grey is the best new film of the season, an excruciatingly intense survival thriller confident enough to navigate into some fairly heady, existential territory on occasion.
Carnahan, who produced and wrote the film as well as directing it, clearly knows his stuff.
As the flabby self-importance of the latest Oscar nominees oozes all over us, The Grey offers a surprising and most welcome respite.
"The movie the Alaska Tourist Bureau doesn't want you to see."
The Grey strives to be something different, turning what could have been a piece of mid-January claptrap into a far more satisfying experience.
t could have been a 'Deliverance' for a new generation. Instead, it's another entry in the 2012 winter of our discontent at the movies.
Forget the Super Bowl, this is the Ice Bowl pitting Team Human vs Team Wolf.
Liam Neeson is one of those actors who validates a film by his mere presence in it. Sure enough, he brings gravitas and credibility to this survival thriller set in the snowy wilderness of Alaska. I wish he'd also brought along a better script.
If my review can keep just one person from seeing this movie, then I will have done my job! This is patently one of the worst films I have seen in a long time.
Though it does thrill with intense, close-cropped action photography, swift editing, and vivid sound design, The Grey makes as much of an impression by being unexpectedly emotional.
It's not exactly a fun night out at the movies, but some will find it entertaining and suspenseful.
The Grey is superficial existentialism that hopes for the same goodwill that benefited another recent bad-movie-turned-pop-art: Drive.
Appropriately suspenseful, showcasing some terrific directorial flourishes from time to time, and further cementing Neeson as the 'First Quarter Action Star of this century (Full Content Parental Review also available)
The director does a skillful job depicting the film's central battle between man and nature.
Carnahan's best work since Narc, with a powerhouse performance by Neeson and real emotional heft.
Somewhere along the line, apparently, it was decided that having men fight for their lives is not enough to hang a movie on. It has to be a movie about Big Ideas.
Action junkies should get what they"re looking for as well though be warned, The Grey is at its heart a meditative film about a man examining his place in the world.
Carnahan captures the primal sense of story that infused the best work of Jack London...the sense that Mother Nature is a powerful force, and not a benevolent one.
Joe Carnahan delivers a rather brilliant, deeply emotional, philosophical flick that still finds time to show Liam Neeson's bad-a** side!
Unfortunately, this one is too by-the-numbers and unoriginal to garner a recommendation.
Hold on tight. It's a true call of the wild.
It's a very well-made film, but not very easy to engage with.
It has just enough gravity to make you wish it delivered more fully on its potential.
'The Grey' has depths and weight that are unexpected.
Taught, intense and brilliantly directed, The Grey is a survival masterpiece.
The wolves look phony. If you want the audience to get all scared, the predators need to be more ferocious than Scooby Doo.
The Grey could have been better yet, but I'm not sure Neeson could.
"The Grey" may appeal to those who like entrails, tough talk and bad endings. All others beware.
The film's conflicting tones never quite mesh, but some fine acting and powerful moments make "The Grey" watchable, if not entirely compelling.
It may be too conventional for the art-house crowd, yet too arty for the megaplex. I prefer to call it an unusually reflective blood-and-guts saga.
Neeson being Neeson is just not enough to save the day. Or this depressing, dystopian movie.
The film sustains some suspense and brooding atmosphere for its first half, but eventually the clichés of character and dialogue drag it struggling to ground.
What's less expected is that the film has the mindset of a weary philosopher behind it.
Anchored by one of Neesons strongest performances ever, "The Grey" delivers...
The film is interested in little but threatening its characters with occasional wolf maulings while they bicker and posture at each other.
Evokes an eerie solitude between moments of stark horror.
The Grey has exciting ambition and the highest emotional stakes imaginable.
The Grey is a bold and intense thriller that features another commanding performance from Liam Neeson. Hopefully Academy voters will remember this come next year.
Telling potential viewers they're about to watch a group of men slowly expire for two hours isn't appetizing, leaving the suits scrambling for marketable elements that don't even appear in the picture. It's bad form.
Liam Neeson vs. wilderness and wolves
Gripping and gruesome in its depiction of all the horrors that the vindictive bitch known as Mother Nature has to offer
What starts as a tense and moody survival thriller fairly quickly becomes tedious, forced and far-fetched as a septet of men is preyed upon by a wolf pack in the Alaska wilderness.
The first great movie of 2012.
A genuinely entertaining thriller that puts a chill through you in more ways than one.
Despite some cliches, it's a mostly gripping survival story, expertly shot and anchored by Neeson's powerful performance.
At its best it's a gripping action movie about the thin line between death and survival, reminiscent of Walter Hill's Southern Comfort.
A handsome but gabby take on the standard survivalist thriller that's more concerned with lofty metaphysics than which poor blockhead is about to bite it next.
This gritty, relentlessly intense survival tale easily gets dibs on "feel-cold" movie of the year.
For all its macho standoffs and action set pieces and menacing off-screen howling, The Grey is at heart a simple moral fable about how true heroism consists in helping other human beings to live as long and die as well as they can.
...a mixture of melancholy machismo and every man against nature film you've ever seen
The animal attacks become predictable, and the movie's action is further diluted by limp narrative flourishes, like the rote shots at God for not coming to the rescue (the wolves are presumably big God fans).
Certainly an adventure film but one with a spiritual ingredient that is both surprising and fiercely resonant.
As stripped of colour as its title, apart from the red of flowing blood and burning eyes, The Grey urges contemplation on man as the human animal, one suddenly cast into the wilderness where real beasts dwell.
Although "The Grey" occasionally succumbs to heavy-handed narration, with its musings about God and the natural world, it delivers in the visceral realm.
It's a fine, tough little movie, technically assured and brutally efficient, with a simple story that ventures into some profound existential territory without making a big fuss about it.
The Grey has a certain muscular pull: It's a tough-as-nails study of hardened men struggling with the ostensibly conflicting pulls of stoic masculinity on one hand and love, faith and fear of death on the other.
A suspenseful story about a depressed oil refinery worker in Alaska who leads six co-workers struggling to survive after their plane crashes in the wilderness.
Neeson confers weight and muscle on the movie, and endows it with a kind of emotional dignity it would not otherwise have.
Devolves into a predictable man-against-nature, and man-against-fellow man, affair.
Memories of The Grey will melt away before spring's first sunny day, but it will satisfy both fans of Neeson's serious performances in films like Kinsey and those who line up for his more recent spate of I-will-kill-everyone flicks.
True to its grim prospectus, The Grey dwells in haunted machismo to the very end.
It's cheap the way "The Grey'' wants to be both a Liam Neeson "Quit Taking My Stuff'' movie and an existential thriller about survival.
"The Grey" yanked me upright in my seat. It is, even as melodramatic and sometimes implausible entertainment, the best studio movie in a long time.
While offering the requisite tension and thrills, it is quite unsparingly bleak and realistic for this kind of thing and benefits from superior characterization.
In this vast expanse of hopelessness, The Grey is a rare mainstream action picture, exploratory in genre and of whatever lies beyond
It makes for an occasionally suspenseful, if credibility-stretching, thriller with a strong, emotional performance from Neeson at its core.
Carnahan is smart enough to know what not to show. When those largely unseen wolves start hooting and moaning, the sound goes right through you: It's a howl of existential pain from nature's peanut gallery.
It's a tight thriller helped a great deal by on-location shooting (in British Columbia) that gives the movie a very vivid sense of place and of winter peril.
Only the weirdly mesmeric momentum of Neeson's Ulster accent stands against danger and death. He sounds like a demented Ian Paisley blessed with the looks of a snow-battered Lohengrin.
It's hard not to view The Grey as either schlock with delusions of grandeur, or a bleak art-house parable masquerading as popcorn hokum.
Director Joe Carnahan's macho metaphysics leave 'The Grey' feeling a bit overcooked.
This is much more than a man vs. nature vs. animal thriller.
Carnahan never rushes the storytelling, which gives us more time to ponder the fascinating dilemmas the movie raises, but he doesn't waste a second.
Joe Carnahan's great adventure follows Neeson's lead and stays steely to the end, even as its grizzled winners take nothing.
Every performance is a low-key, high-impact marvel in a movie that's true to its ruthless self to the very end.
Relentlessly bleak, The Grey is a remarkable accomplishment in sustained dread.
That isn't rain outside, it's Chuck Bronson and Lee Marvin drooling in heaven.
For an adventure movie about a group of plane-crash survivors being hunted by wolves, this is heavy stuff.
Supremely led by Liam Neeson, The Grey may be a wilderness tale, pure and simple, but it's as compelling as they come.
As if a few hungry wolves could mess with Liam Neeson.
There's an actual human element to go with Carnahan's Jack London-inspired depiction of humans against the elements.
When I learned of Sarah Palin hunting wolves from a helicopter, my sensibilities were tested, but after this film, I was prepared to call in more helicopters.
Neeson has the ability, unmatched by any other Hollywood leading man, to convey soul-deep anguish. In this picture, it's shattering in its intensity.
The movie draws on the terrifying beauty of the natural world and generates tension from the volatile dynamics of a carefully observed group.
Amounts to little more than a few tortured backstories and some high-toned discussions about the existence of God, all punctuated by the occasional CGI wolf attaching itself to someone's neck.
Joe Carnahan's poetically virile Alaskan survival tale offers up some of the most unpleasant moments you can spend at the movies. I guess that's the point.
Winter-release slot + travel budget + Liam Neeson = slightly preposterous, routinely violent, apparently lucrative action movie...
what distinguishes Joe Carnahan's Nietzschean bleakfest is a willingness to stare into death's beady eyes without flinching, and to carry through the stark convictions of its themes to their bitterly chilling end.
The wolves seem to have watched a lot of "Friday the 13th" movies, because they have a knack for pouncing out of the shadows that rivals the mad skills of Jason Voorhees.
"The Grey" is a meat-and-potatoes movie about manly survival -- red meat and whatever kind of potatoes imply macho.
While some of the effects work is a little obvious, the film does a largely first-rate job of simulating the punishing environment the characters have to push against.
It's not really an action movie. I want to say it's more like if Robert Service wrote Jaws... [D]amned ruthless... about loneliness, desolation both physical and emotional, and death.
Carnahan brings the raw edge of his debut Narc to this snowbound, mens' own adventure.
Enjoyable survival thriller with stunning snowy landscapes and a terrific central performance from Liam Neeson...
Ultimately, the film feels less like a genuine existential thriller than a movie aping the conventions of one.
Prepare to be devastated.
Neeson makes a savagely deep impression in [the] role, perhaps because of the baggage he brings from his real life.
Moment to moment, the film is gripping and beautiful to behold (props to cinematographer Masanobu Takayanagi for the mesmerizingly grainy, achromatic visuals).
I was told there would be more wolf-punching.
After the excesses of 'The A-Team', this is Carnahan stripping it back to basics - seven men, one wilderness, countless beasts.
Joe Carnahan nails the dark tone and while that might not give 'The Grey' as broad of an appeal as 'Taken,' it still is very good for what it is.
Joe Carnahan's film largely works, building toward a great ending, which functions as one of the best, truest action climaxes in recent memory.
On the down side, there's a lot of dull pretentious philosophising about the heartlessness of nature and god. On the up side, you get to see a man punch a wolf in the face.
[VIDEO] The ever-watchable Liam Neeson more than fills the demands of his troubled character's wolf-like place as the Alpha to a group of flawed men whose number steadily diminishes.
A man versus wolf saga up in Alaska - and no, nothing to do with Sarah Palin. But food for thought, in a wild dog eat dog buffet for real, are different survival instincts perhaps of working stiffs, as opposed to say, stranded tourists or businessmen.
With his physical stature and moral gravitas, the gifted Liam Neeson elevates Carnahan's survival thriller way above its familiar elements of man vs. nasty nature and cruel wolves.
When word gets out as to The Grey's more philosophical content, audiences will fade away.
A brutally beautiful survival-horror tale.
Impressively lensed by Masanobu Takayanagi on aptly rugged terrain in British Columbia, The Grey is thoroughly persuasive in its depiction of desperate men battling unforgiving elements.
A man's-man of a genre pic that will satisfy the action audience while reminding more discerning viewers what they saw in director Joe Carnahan's decade-old breakthrough, Narc.
A chilling Alaskan tale that makes us wonder: Where is Sarah Palin when we finally need her?
Dark but serious old-school fun, something we might have once received from a director like Walter Hill or Don Siegel.
A horizontal Cliffhanger, without any terrorists, only the elements, but you get me.

@highlight

The Grey is an exciting tale of survival, populated with fleshed-out characters and a surprising philosophical agenda.