This charmless movie not for children.
Mechanical performances by Vanessa Williams and Bow Wow, as Nate's musically inclined son, impair Cedric's earnest comedic efforts in this spasmodic comedy.
Several laugh-out-loud moments are scattered throughout this otherwise dumb-and-gets-even-dumber African-American road trip.
This is a real mess, with out-of-focus shots and continuity lapses that suggest a production in chaos.
Packing all the tired trappings of the raunchy road-trip genre, this loutish comedy plays out as a loosely threaded collection of shrill jokes and cliched sight gags.
I really wanted to like this movie, especially since I'm a fan of Cedric the Entertainer.
...Cedric the Entertainer simply cannot act.
Too many jokes fall flat and a number of promising set-ups ... wind up going nowhere.
We can only generously call it a pale imitation of National Lampoon's Vacation
Find one stereotype and stick to it. Don't confuse the audience by trying to be Wayne Brady and Bernie Mac in the same movie.
It really wasn't as funny as it could of been or should have been.
The direction on Johnson Family Vacation is numbingly slack; the synapses between the scenes don't spark effortlessly, as they should, and the whole enterprise feels dragged-down and belabored.
Eighties nostalgia has seeped so far into our pop-cultural landscape, it's starting to feel like VH1 took over the movie studios.
Family of Five in Search of a Script might be a better title, but this road picture gets better as it goes along, and the upbeat ending redeems it considerably.
A shambles like this just oozes contempt for both its performers and its audience -- something that's even more unfunny than the movie itself.
Plays out like the pilot episode for a sitcom that no network picked up.
Before the opening credits had ended, I was counting down the minutes until I could get back to scraping old tile adhesive off my kitchen floor.
Big disappointment.
The humor runs out of gas after about 30 minutes.
As bad and unfunny as the material is, it's matched neck-and-neck by bad and unfunny performances from Vanessa Williams, Bow Wow, Solange Knowles, Shannon Elizabeth, and the generally reliable Steve Harvey.
More disappointing than outright disappointment, it has the feeling of being just one rewrite, one take, one more second of comedic timing off.
As arduous to watch as your neighbor's poorly focused vacation slides.
...a punishing and weary family farce...the monotonous moments are as lost and aimless as a harried nomad with amnesia...the slapstick energy is undeniably mawkish
continually plays it safe and goofy, and doesn't allow anyone to let loose
Single-handedly saving a movie may be a tall order for a short-legged clown, but Cedric the Entertainer is the best (and probably only) reason to take this Vacation.
This family vacation runs out of gas long before its destination.
Goal: family reunion in Missouri. Itinerary: bad gags.
A tedious outing.
If you've seen the Griswolds go off on any of those National Lampoon holidays, you've sort of already experienced Johnson Family Vacation.
If laughs are the currency of any comedy, then this one pays minimum wage.
Writers Todd R. Jones and Earl Richey Jones come up with only predictable road-trip comedy involving speeding, littering, a leaky cement mixer, an empty gas tank and bad fast-food.
Johnson Family Vacation is warmed-over sitcom fare, different only in that it's a black family rather than a white family going through the mill.
A lonely highway of tedium and tired jokes.
It was probably a sign that I was in for a rough time when I first checked my watch and discovered the movie had only been running for eleven minutes.
Solange's costumes are fashionably skimpy and her cell phone seems attached to her face.
Appallingly unfunny...About as stimulating as an actual 300-mile drive across the desert wastelands of Arizona and New Mexico.
Tired and glib, it tries to milk humor from the sniping, sass and simple disrespect of its unpleasant traveling companions.
Johnson Family Vacation affords the viewer a single offering of suspense in wondering just how the mode of transportation (a very souped-up Lincoln) will be destroyed.
...leaves you with little to do but ponder which of the annoying family members should be booted out of the car first.
Vacations are supposed to make you feel better, and Johnson Family Vacation does just that.
Sub-Griswold stuff.
Johnson Family Vacation is simply a bad trip.
A sure-fire premise that sputters like a wet match...
It's a sign of trouble when watching a movie prompts nostalgia for the movie it's ripping off, particularly when that movie wasn't any good.
As headliner Cedric the Entertainer demonstrates in this mediocre road-trip flick, no amount of comedic genius can pump up this flat comedy.
None of the stars in this dopey rip-off of the Chevy Chase series deserves to be in this.
A wheezing contraption, which strands Cedric the Entertainer behind the wheel and forces him to motor a collection of laugh-and-learn wacky situations by sheer force of his outsize charm.
An African-American road trip that mostly squanders some very gifted performers.
Moviegoers hankering for another installment in Chevy Chase's vacation series may get a quick fix from Johnson Family Vacation. Just don't expect the film to add anything to the time-worn vacation-from- hell genre.
A lackluster variation on the National Lampoon vacation formula.
Johnson Family is, basically, National Lampoon's Vacation with darker skin and a better star. But the Lampoon movie had quite a bit of comedy happening around its star, and Johnson doesn't.
Passable, uninspired entertainment, as harmless as watching home movies of your own vacation -- and about as exciting.
Cedric pops up in a second role, as lecherous Uncle Earl, and a little of this character goes a long way -- say, roughly the distance from Anaheim to Albany.
A comedy with a couple of big laughs but many more missed opportunities.
The star is funny, the movie isn't.
A belabored, obvious comedy that's only good for a chuckle or two at most.
Apart from Williams' presence, director Christopher Erskin's feature debut isn't worth the price of submission.
A blandly written comedy that straightjackets Cedric in a role more suited to Fred MacMurray.
Johnson Family Vacation, a played-out spin on the old Chevy Chase Vacation movies, is one of those bombs that makes you sit and curse the darkness.
Things feel choppy and unfinished, and there are signs of desperate, post-production efforts to do a quick fix -- badly looped dialogue, awkwardly inserted closeups, too much music.
Cedric the Entertainer stars in a long drive in search of a family comedy, which is found too late and amounts to too little.
I'd like to believe I could watch Cedric the Entertainer all day long. The tedious comedy Johnson Family Vacation puts a strain on that theory.
A soul-sucking extended sabbatical from humor, sanity and entertainment value.
For the most part, the road scenes drag on too long and get the movie sidetracked en route to the movie's modest 'family always comes first' message.
Johnson Family Vacation is no groundbreaker, but it's an easygoing, earthy comedy that's a good showcase for the robust comic gifts of Cedric the Entertainer.
Johnson Family Vacation is one of those comedies where you keep waiting for the comedy to show up.
An uneasy collection of gags as flat as roadkill and insincere sentimentality, Johnson Family Vacation appears to have been thrown together like a teenage boy packing a suitcase on the night before a trip he never wanted to take in the first place.
The few funny bits confirm an old adage: See the trailer, skip the movie.
The film does have some funny moments, but they don't come consistently.
A routine cross-country comedy that feels exactly like a series of adventures recycled out of every other cross-country comedy.
Writers Todd R. Jones and Earl Richey Jones, who make their feature film debut after brief careers in television sitcoms, have no sense of how to sustain a gag or make it pay off.
Boring, mediocre movie.
A surprisingly family-friendly comedy.
Like impatient kids sitting in the back seat, the audience will likely be asking far too often, 'Are we there yet? Sadly, Cedric, the answer is no.
The jokes tend to be as broad as they are familiar, and the movie feels too much like a retread of the National Lampoon Vacation movies.
Mild in both humor and impact, this well-cast comedy should provide welcome diversion during the holidays for audiences looking for a somewhat lighter experience than the crucifixion of Christ or the massacre at the Alamo.
Cedric the Entertainer is no Eddie Murphy. Rarely does this silly, disaster-prone, predictable story rise above gross mediocrity.
...quite possibly the worst film of the year...
It may seem like the Johnson family has everything they need for a Vacation rip-off, but the one thing they forgot to pack were the punch-lines.
A paralyzingly unfunny and desperate comedy. It dulls the senses and aggravates the mind. There hasn't been a movie this painful to watch since "The Passion of the Christ."
So unfunny that I got up and left before it was over...pure cinematic torture.
Like Bow Wow's exasperated upstart, you too will be asking, 'Are we there yet?' not 20 minutes in.
[Doesn't have] anything on its tiny mind besides cheap laughs.
Cedric does have a gift for rip-roaring line delivery no matter how insipid or embarrassing the dialogue...But there's just no way around the picture's sorry script.
Was probably always destined for mediocrity.
Not only a blatant ripoff of 'National Lampoon's Vacation,' it's a lousy one besides.
This movie is a flat, unfunny mess.
A good-spirited comedy filled with likeable characters, it warms the heart while it tickles the funny bone.



@highlight

The poorly crafted Johnson Family Vacation squanders its talented cast in a bland family road comedy that draws unfavorable comparisons to Chevy Chase's Vacation movies.