Attenberg doesn't have a sense of true purpose and cohesion.
An incisive study of a marvelously unusual protagonist.
After walking out of ATTENBERG, I couldn't decide if I really hated it, or really loved it. I still can't decide. ATTENBERG stretches the arthouse genre to "WTF!?"
For all the eccentricity, the film feels unexpectedly personal in addressing experiences everyone goes through at some point in their lives.
Works somewhat as a perverse droll coming-of-age film
Bittersweet, Greek coming-of-age drama about an inexperienced young woman who explores bisexuality while caring for her terminally-ill father.
The face of actress Ariane Labed lifts this quiet, dour character study by filmmaker Athina Rachel Tsangari.
Tsangari's art-house minimalism, which never lets us forget we're watching a movie, still permits a surprising degree of tender emotion.
Using occasional song-and-dance numbers with a melancholy Godardian kick, [Tsangari] creates a world that's off-center and alive with loneliness.
Part of the film's success comes from Labed's performance as Marina, who infuses all that weirdness with a barely there vulnerability.
Attenberg gets down in the emotional muck where life, death and sex intertwine. And like those life experiences, watching it can be both awkward and poignant.
"Attenberg" is a three-layered love story, anatomizing the mysterious emotions of grief, friendship and erotic attraction.
Perpetually off-balance and maybe just a little too satisfied with its cynicism
The drama, at its core, is simple and conventional, but it has the aura of science fiction.
Tsangari distinguishes herself from her predecessor's freak-show formalism with an underlying humanism and freewheeling playfulness.
A cracked coming-of-age tale set in a fading Greek seaside town.
In that isolation, and in the marooned hopelessness of the protagonists, there is a hint that normal life may have become too much to cope with, and that its rules of engagement need to be learned afresh.
Attenberg remains a captivating and vaguely disturbing experience throughout.
Sex, death, and an absurdist style come together in Greek film
Tsangari catalogues these men and women like butterflies pressed between the pages of an entomologist's journal, makes brief notes of each one's idiosyncrasies, and moves on to the next.
The underlying idea is that life goes on whatever we do, that human beings are merely part (and not the most important one) of a larger ecological system involving the mineral, vegetable and animal world.
Perhaps viewed under the influence of drugs or drink the film might spring to comic life, but taken straight it is far more likely to get on your nerves.
Impressively directed and superbly acted, Attenberg plays like a light-hearted, quirky version of Dogtooth, though its relative lack of plot means that it's difficult to engage with the characters on an emotional level.
Fans of Dogtooth should certainly try this one out.
It offers its audience a mordant commentary on modern Greece - deriding its cultural and social decay, though without commenting directly on economic difficulties - and affects a serio-comic, quasi-anthropological detachment.
Attenberg, both jarring and sweet, stuttering and eloquent, doesn't deliver manifestos or offer answers. But, in its needling, idiosyncratic fashion, it's more fascinating than most films that do.
If you stay, hope to be charmed. But be warned: you could be exasperated first by the servings of self-regard and psycho-spiritual preciosity.
Intelligent, inventive and incredibly engaging.
To enjoy 'Attenberg', you have to tune in to an unusual wavelength, but there are strange pleasures to enjoy.
Tsangari proves she's one of the freshest voices in European cinema with this offbeat character piece. Recommended.
This clinically shot oddity ultimately mystifies.
From the makers of Dogtooth comes Attenberg, another slice of eccentric Greek weirdness that tries to pass itself as an oft kilter coming of age tale. It fails.
Dogtooth and Attenberg are staunchly impenetrable works (closely resembling) art installations that don't resonate beyond a select few; if a film renaissance does emerge from Greece on the back of such films, will anyone notice?
A boldly conceived assemblage of diverse and seemingly random fictional materials.
Maybe after Dogtooth's transgressions, it's a little harder to surprise us with eccentric behavior.
Attenberg is distinguished aesthetically by cinematographer Thimios Bakatakis eye for both the beauty of coastal Greece and the hideousness of its mineral factories, conveying, like the film itself, the life-giving and life-taking moments in our lifetimes.
...too weird for its own good...
Attenberg is spare emotionally and visually, and despite the tender humour of Marina's sexual indoctrination, the film is never completely engaging.
An early contender for film of the year.
We can't help but empathize with Marina even though she gives us almost nothing to hold on to. She's human. She needs us. She needs someone.
What a strange, moving, puzzling, funny, frustrating and ultimately absorbing film this is.
The film succeeds not only as an idiosyncratic spin on the coming-of-age story but a wider comment on what it means to be fully human and fully alive in an age of diminished expectations.


@highlight

At once playfully eccentric and poignantly bittersweet, Attenberg adds a refreshing sideways spin to the arthouse coming-of-age drama.