The film takes on one of the most important subjects of this time, maybe of all time, and in this light, I wished that the filmmaker was more up to the challenge.
With alarming and concise analysis, it highlights the way traditional farming in the US has become a corporate-controlled, less diversified business with global repercussions.
The Future of Food carries an important warning that deserves heed. The problem is it will likely be preaching only to a duly incensed choir, which is its greatest pity.
Garcia subscribes to the simplistic and patronizing theories that consumers are hapless victims, force-fed things they don't want by conniving corporations and conspiratorial governments.
Until it gives in to its activist urges, The Future of Food is a tenacious work of journalism.
An important film that hits Americans right in the breadbasket.
Brilliant critique of Frankenfood
A brave and vital document.
Garcia, the widow of Grateful Dead star Jerry Garcia, has taken a complex subject and made it digestible for anyone who cares about what they put into their stomachs.
A parade of talking heads making doomsday prophesies.
A powerful, if one-sided, attack on the GM food industry.
Plain wrap filmmaking that's single minded, capped with a pitch for organic eating that's much too weak.
Despite its shortcomings, it's an effective clarion call that will no doubt stir audiences to action, even if it doesn't quite prepare them for the important battle ahead.
There's plenty to reflect on in this important documentary.
Fascinating and content rich, The Future of Food is a technical delight that draws you in with the fear that nature may be changed forever.
The densely informational film fails to open up the discussion on synthetic food but makes a strong case for its stance through interviews with scientists and 'clean' food advocates.
Enlightening documentary.
Beneath its tasteful façade, Garcia's documentary is actually nothing short of a pure horror film.
Deborah Koons Garcia's sober, far-reaching polemic against genetically modified foods poses many ticklish ethical and scientific questions.
This plucky little diatribe gets you thinking about the larger implications facing future generations.
Makes a potent enough case to alarm anyone who eats.
A muckraking exposé that attempts to raise the level of public debate through responsible research and sober rhetoric.
If audiences allow director Deborah Koons Garcia to have her way, her film will do to agricultural giant Monsanto what Bowling to Columbine did to Lockheed Martin.
There's a stunning revelation in almost every scene.



@highlight

The Future of Food is a one-sided, but revelatory documentary about the dangers of genetically modified food.