You know how people say Stephen King really shouldn't direct his own stuff for the big screen? ... kids are smarter than adults give them credit for - smart enough to avoid and/or ignore this foolishness.
Diary Of A Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul is painfully awful, hampered by a charmless cast and a criminally lightweight screenplay. A long haul indeed.
While some of set-pieces feel awfully familiar, there's enough memorable moments to keep audiences and in particular primary-aged kids entertained and enthralled.
Dull, uninspired and, in my 11-year-old's words "way-way off the books" on which it's based.
There's a slight commentary on suburban versus rural America, but returning English director David Bowers favours icky mayhem and genial rapprochement
At least Silverstone, who hasn't lost her gift for comic pouting, is allowed to bring some humanity and playfulness to her killjoy character -- though this mainly reinforces the impression that she deserves better roles.
All in all, it's harmless fun.
Now, with a new cast in place, and tweaks to allow such mod-cons as social media, the wheels have come off entirely.
The humour is shamelessly lowbrow, but its slapstick will appeal to mischievous children wanting a laugh -- or ideas on how to torment their parents.
Diary of A Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul is one of the worst films of the year so far and I don't think it will have much competition.
The script is poor, the acting worse.
What the original actors executed with ease, this lot make look clumsy, and joyless.
Delivers broad laughs.
Parents may roll their eyes at the visceral, gross-out quality of the comedy.
Somewhere along the way, Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul must have misplaced the charm and humor that made the book series so popular.
The fourth in the Wimpy Kid film franchise skews towards a conspicuously young target demographic (say, five and under) with precious little left for the accompanying adults.
For once, it'll be the grownups asking the kids: "Are we there yet?"
This is one of the worst movies of 2017. And it's only May.
Bodily functions are to the fore in excruciating new family comedy Diary Of A Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul will be numbing for adults to sit through. Perhaps a straight-to-YouTube release would have been a win-win situation for you and your little one.
It's mostly carried off with aplomb, particularly by Charlie Wright, who looks like a slightly less evil Ezra Miller and gives a genuinely funny performance as permanently perplexed metalhead Rodrick.
Amounts to a less-funny, remake -another one, I mean, of- National Lampoon's Vacation. (Splice Today)
The various set-pieces (including an accidentally acquired piglet defecating in the car) never manage to deliver any big laughs and have to settle for being moderately amusing instead.
A dirge of unfunny scatological material, techno-anxiety and child endangerment masquerading as familial bonding.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul is yet another disappointing attempt by Hollywood to deliver an adaptation worthy of its source material.
Every character is a dummy, and the film relies on the audience being too young to realize it.
The Long Haul suffers from a poor script, unconvincing acting and an agitating soundtrack that makes the whole production feel decidedly low budget.
Here we are with The Long Haul - which perfectly describes the viewing experience.
Gross-out gags can be hilarious, but not so much here.
New cast, but more of the same gross-out humor, hijinks.
If you can help it, don't stop here. This is Brat Country.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul comes agonizingly close to being unwatchable.
The last part of the title perfectly explains what it will be like to sit through this movie if you're not under the age of ten. (Full Content Review for Parents - Crude Humor, etc. - also Available)
It's a toxic misstep from a once-reliable series.
This Wimpy mom is like Chevy Chase in 'Vacation.' She wants family harmony even if it kills her.
The Diary of a Wimpy Kid series receives a full reboot with this typically underwhelming entry...
"Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul" is the common type of road trip movie, the one where everything that can go wrong does go wrong.
If the idea is to have us relate to what it's like to be a wimpy kid, more family dynamics and less cartoon shtick would get us closer to that.
The kids in the audience, mostly fans of the book series, enjoyed it very much, but adults are likely to find it a very long haul indeed.
The poop and barf jokes are there of course, but it's all basically harmless fun, if not very original.
Jokes are lame, David Bowers' direction is tired and the handful of stick-figure animation scenes are cleverer than the live-action.
The all-new cast is fine, but this "Wimpy" entry feels skimpy on jokes and charm.
A deeply unfunny family road trip film that has gross out jokes to rival the R-rated Vacation remake.
For all the gags, Rodrick's staggering dumbness and enough poop jokes to keep the average kid happily chortling, this Wimpy Kid seems to drag in the second half, feeling longer than its 92-minutes.
The actors (both professional and nonprofessional) perform each scene - each shot, for that matter - as if it had no relationship at all to the rest of film, with the emphasis more on energy levels rather than credible characterizations.
Most likely, Wimpy Kid fans will embrace the gross jokes. The rest of us can hope the inevitable next film is better. As if.
The ratio of giggles to groans runs about 50/50.
You'll never know how good the first three Diary of a Wimpy Kid movies were until you're forced to see the fourth one.
Much of the poop humor is surprisingly fresh and funny, as in the scene where only a shower curtain separates an enormous man bent on relieving himself and the hidden, breath-holding boy he's been chasing. You know, if you go for that sort of thing.
A formulaic blend of slapstick and sentiment that youngsters up to age ten or so will probably enjoy, though it's not much superior to the sort of teleflicks they can regularly see on kids' cable channels.
In the end ... it's all mostly harmless fun.
Kinney and Bowers succeed in their effort to deliver their material's earnest themes with new clarity and resonance.
It traffics in computer-generated vomit, a surprising number of defecation gags, and a weird grudge against both the overweight and the bearded.
Bowers returns, hellbent on proving his unpleasant comedic vision for this feature, ending up with the worst "Wimpy Kid" sequel yet.
Another forgettable film.
This crude-but-charming kiddie road movie is hard to resist.
The entire appeal of a Wimpy Kid movie is in seeing that kid play off against those who aren't so wimpy.
More than a little tiresome and less of a joyride.
Every skit is designed to keep the target tyke and tot audience ts in stitches, with only occasional asides for adults, like an inspired homage to Psycho's shower scene. Altogether, a delightfully-mindless diversion for the pre-teen demographic!
A dirge of unfunny scatological material, techno-anxiety and child endangerment masquerading as familial bonding.
The most obvious of humor and weakest of plots lead this road comedy based on Jeff Kinney's popular books down a dead end.
The film's problem isn't so much the grossness of its humor as the laziness with which it's executed.
None of the virtues of the Diary series came along for the ride.
An amiable, fast-paced entry that should win over fans.
The adults' acting is crude and clownish. The kid actors are insufferable. The gags are largely slapstick, with the three major joke groups - pee, poop and puke - all over-represented.
Despite the casting overhaul, it's the same old Wimpy Kid in that it still hasn't figured out how to make its characters as likeable or knowingly engaging as Kinney's simple line drawings and text.
Almost worth it for the "Psycho" shower scene send-up. Almost.

@highlight

With an all-new cast but the same juvenile humor, Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul finds the franchise still stuck in arrested -- and largely unfunny -- development.