You're going to love Snoopy. I've always been a big fan, but they found the perfect way to make use of this character.
Riding off nostalgia means adults will get more out of the film, but it's hard to see children not succumbing to the vibrant colors, lighthearted comedy, and earnest message about continuing to get back up no matter how many times you are knocked down
This one will both charm the adults and keep the kids entertained.
There is a nostalgic appeal in seeing Charlie Brown on the big screen: just not a very strong one.
... a charming introduction to young new fans.
The Peanuts Movie not only brings joy to those like me who grew up reading Schulz's comic strips, but it will also win new fans among the younger generation.
I just wish 3D wasn't the default setting for all big animated movie projects... Sure, they catch your eye, but sometimes you just want that crooked, pokey little two-dimensional tree that's shedding needles.
To paraphrase a speech made once upon a time in a pumpkin patch, there's no hypocrisy to be found in any of this, just sincerity, pretty much as far as the eye can see.
The Peanuts Movie is delightful from beginning to end and doesn't rely on baddies, silly sidekicks or lame toilet gags to distract your munchkins.
Rendering the Red Baron-fighting Snoopy and way too many supporting characters in 3-D, and placing them in near-photo-realistic backgrounds, drains much of the charm from "The Peanuts Movie."
A very good example of how to do modernisation right.
The pacing is off at times and the gentle flow can occasionally lead the mind to wander, but it's a delight to have Peanuts back on the big screen.
The little red-haired girl explains, that in the trying, she recognized Charlie Brown did kind, compassionate, truthful, and tolerant things. This is pure gold for children.
Sure, it's less contemplative and less melancholy than the old strips, but there's more than enough nostalgia here to keep Peanuts nuts happy as well as younger viewers.
If unabashed sweetness is your weakness then you will be completely helpless.
Lucys football remains unkicked in a charming pic that gives you everything you expect in glossy new packaging.
The film struggles to stretch out the familiar Schulz cartoons into a substantial feature film.
Schultz's flat artwork doesn't really suit 3D and the dual stories feel a bit thin stretched over 90 minutes. But the characters are still hard to resist.
A congenial piece that truly will warm the cockles of your heart this Christmas.
This adaptation of Charles M Schulz's much-loved comic strip will similarly delight little ones, although it proves much too bland to entertain the over-10s.
We're delighted to report that: you're a good movie, Charlie Brown.
If the story's a bit thin for a feature-length movie, there are some lovely moments along the way.
As warm and inviting as a baby blue blanket, handily walking a line between old and new.
Older fans of Charlie Brown and Snoopy need not worry: this is an extremely faithful rendition of the strip.
...remains faithful to the spirit of the Peanuts world, choosing to surprise viewers not with twists or deviations, but with the clever rendering of familiar elements from the Peanuts gang repertoire...
Playing on notions of nostalgia, fans of Charles Schulz's sixty-five-year-old comic strip classic will have plenty to love about the big-screen outing for Charlie Brown & friends in the charming and quietly witty, The Peanuts Movie.
The movie knows where it lives: as a precious piece of nostalgia in the minds of grown-ups who cuddled up to Snoopy as kids.
True to the essence of its characters, and animated in a more tridimensional way, Peanuts is funny and has a great message for every age group, and despite not having the most original plot, it will satisfy long-time fans. [Full Review in Spanish]
A flawless, noble and tender family film. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Peanuts Movie manages to maintain the soul of the comic strip even as it upgrades the visuals.
It's a sincere film for children, squarely in the tradition of the sweet, simply drawn Peanuts cartoons from the 1960s.
If you are looking for an agreeable and entertaining school holidays film for younger children, this is it. Fans of the comic strip should get a kick out of it, too.
A film that works better as an homage rather than recreate the greatness of the original cartoon. [Full review in Spanish]
A charming film, made especially for those who grew up in the comics. [Full review in Spanish]
Emotional and lots of fun, a great blast from the past and a new discovery for kids today. [Full review in Spanish]
What other films for children teach in an hour - about life, the universe and everything - Schulz could teach in a line, and this film reflects that. It's undeniably about decency, goodness, and love. And Snoopy.
An uplifting kids film without any of the cinisism found in most movies nowadays. [Full review in Spanish]
Anyone who possesses even a passing familiarity with Charlie Brown and the gang from Peanuts should find some appreciable measure of delight with this super-faithful feature film adaptation...a perfectly fine, perfectly safe big-screen translation.
Can be a bit frantic and antic; the ending's more schmaltzy than Schulzy. But the sad-sack, what's-the-point-of-it-all? adult humour sneaks in. Pretty much the least disappointing feature-film adaptation America's most famous comic-strip could get.
Snoopy, Charlie Brown and friends finally arrive on the big screen in a movie that sticks close to the gently comical tone of the comic strip that launched in 1950 and the vintage TV shows from the 1960s and 1970s.
Kids will be able to follow the simple storyline and will enjoy the misadventures of the good-natured, well-intentioned Charlie Brown.
The Peanuts Movie is charming in parts and high in nostalgia value for generations that virtually befriended characters such as Snoopy, Linus (with his security blanket), Lucy and Pig Pen.
The Peanuts Movie is both modern and traditional, pleasing on all fronts, which must have been hard to achieve.
It's mercifully "un-modernised" and pretty faithful to Charles M. Schulz' original comic strip, but it's also rather flat and not especially funny. And there's too much padding; it could just as well have been a short rather than feature-length.
An ideal movie for this time of year, pleasing fans and also manages to present these beloved characters to a new audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
A film that attempts to show us the importance of being kind and noble embodied in Charlie Brown. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining story with an agile script, easy to understand, full of innocence and lots of warmth, as well as comical situations that will surely make you laugh. [Full Review in Spanish]
A love letter to adventure movies. An adventure like living, being a child, growing... The definitive film for this Christmas season. [Full Review in Spanish]
It leaves fans satisfied and welcomes a new generation of spectators. [Full Review in Spanish]
A little great film that is respectfully scrupulous with the source material. [Full Review in Spanish]
It may not be for the youngest in the family, but it makes those of who stopped being a child long ago the feeling of being one again. [Full Review in Spanish]
This CG animated update for Charles Schulz's enduring comic strip does a nice job of modernising the style of the old cartoons without losing their ramshackle spirit.
The voices are too gloopy, Linus has been given an unnecessary hair transplant and, worst of all, Snoopy's plot thread (technically a story-within-a-story) is dull and dodgy.
Wistful and wryly amusing, there's no Pixar-style attempt to ironically appeal to parents just a wistful wallow in a set of stories and characters that seem to hark from a less frenetic age.
It's slight, but sweet.
It's a relief that this is so faithful, and that so many sweet gags reference the original comic.
Crisp clean animation on a sea of colour form the foundation of this endearing family film that brings Charles M. Schulz's beloved comic strip characters to the big screen
It just sticks to the basics of what makes the Peanuts so lovable, while re-working the animation for a new generation.
As simple and well-meaning as Charlie himself, it's an old-fashioned delight.
It is delightfully animated in the original hand-drawn style and brings a big smile to the face ...
The kids may need some persuading. But chances are they'll love this too ...
Overall, wry observation and pathos take precedence over crowd-pleasing slapstick, although some dreary pop songs prove a drag.
Even in 3D it is lovingly faithful to the gentle, whimsical spirit of the original cartoons.
The self-effacing Charlie is the antithesis of the typical American movie hero. The film is charming and whimsical but makes some very trenchant points about the grimmer side of an all-American childhood.
Snoopy and Charlie Brown: The Peanuts Movie will serve young children well as a Christmas outing, but whether it serves the child that remains in all of us early Peanuts fans is another question.
A Christmas nostalgia trip for parents.
For the most part, the film just seems to waft along, and though Charlie Brown's life is low-key by nature, the stories are mostly flimsily low-impact.
Of all the potential Charlie Brown movies Hollywood might have made, this might be the Charlie Brown-iest. That's not necessarily a good thing.
Not messing too much with the formula or characters that made Peanuts famous, Blue Sky have played it very safe and pretty damn smart keeping most of the charm of Schulz's original work.
Good, but not without grief.
What a delight this is.
Proves how timelessly entertaining Schulz's vision of childhood was.
Five decades of memories are treated with the respect they deserve in the new film "The Peanuts Movie."
The movie is composed of brief little episodes that seem to simulate comic strip panels but the style makes the film tiresome.
A warmhearted, gentle and funny animated film
The end result is . . . true to the flavor of Schulz's original vision.
Like Satchmo, Hemingway and Elvis, Charles M. Schulz was an authentic American genius who transformed his medium of expression. This film plays it safe by scrubbing away some of Schulz's signature melancholy, but it's an honorable and entertaining effort.
Although little kids are sure to enjoy 'The Peanuts Movie,' this gentle story about friendship and what endears others to us is a must-see for baby boomers, too.
Though rife with references, the story is an original one, witty and clever, but also recognizing and respecting the seriousness of childhood's troubles, including the pitfalls of fountain pens...
It won't feel like a redefinition of a world left behind by a previous generation. But then that was never the point of Peanuts. It was only ever meant to be sweet, maudlin, and halcyon. In that regard, The Peanuts Movie is remarkably on the nose.
Amiable and satisfying, it's sweetly nostalgic family fare...
While not even the savory promise of seeing Donald Trump fed coif-first to a shark could entice me to see the Alvin odyssey The Road Chip, The Peanuts Movie turns out to be a pleasant surprise -- and a great relief.
The movie is a near-total dud, endless at 93 minutes, useful only as an intro to the strip for the benefit of those who have been in a coma since 1950.
The Peanuts Movie is certain to satisfy longtime fans and perhaps make new ones, but who knows? Innocence is a tough sell these days. Happiness is the occasional movie that tries.
The Peanuts Movie manages to nail the strip's comic timing and play its core sentiment -- a childlike desire for acceptance -- to near perfection.
In the figurative sense, though, the characters' sharp edges have been filed down.
The Peanuts Movie works, not just as a yarn about Charlie Brown and his bungling attempts to win the love of the nameless, redheaded new girl in his class, but as an example of 3D animation that defies its own boundaries.
Adults will absolutely find The Peanuts Movie delightful and charming, but the comedy and messages will still ring true for kids.
It isn't 100 percent true to the core theme of Charles Schulz's life work, but that doesn't make it a bad (movie), either.
The gently funny The Peanuts Movie works more as a charming homage to the famous scenes of the TV classics It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown and A Charlie Brown Christmas for adult viewers than as an iconic movie for a new generation.
It's almost as if the whole Peanuts universe has been encased in Carbonite, shipped to 2015, then unfrozen like Han Solo, ready for movie duty.
Packed with sweetness and laughs, The Peanuts Movie reminds us why the characters Schulz created 65 years ago are still so beloved, but is also so entertaining and innovative as to make us look forward to more big screen adventures.
Every once in a while the past comes back to haunt us fondly, and The Peanuts Movie is, perhaps, the most enchanting of those more recent mainstream anomalies.
Plays sort of like a Peanuts Greatest Hits- but never less than delightful (Fox 29 Philly)
Nostalgia fodder at its most faithful and forgettable ... old-fashioned and wholesome but in a way that's old hat and wholly unimaginative.
The Peanuts Movie works BECAUSE it's simple. The movie felt like it wasn't trying to sell a toy or be cooler than it actually is.
Somehow, this Peanuts feels familiar, even cozy. I can't make any great claims for it, but it feels like the return of an old friend.
...a successful bridge between the old and the new, and one that, no matter its emotional slimness, ultimately never loses sight of the fretful angst with which all kids must, at some point, contend.
The price is some excessive familiarity and a very slow development. In exchange, we get the gang exactly the way we remember them, and their message is still as surprisingly sweet as ever.
It's a pleasant surprise that the first feature adaptation of Schulz's characters in 35 years sidesteps its pitfalls with an amusing charm.
This really isn't a movie, it's a collection of The Peanuts greatest hits strung together into an 80 minute "narrative." It was everything that I hoped it would be. However, it may be a little too sweet and innocent for today's jaded, modern, young'ns.
This sweet homage to Schulz's body of work manages to capitalize on Charlie Brown's misfortunes, and give us an experience worth remembering ---- and seeing again.
Any male out there who has ever had to make that dreaded phone call for a first date will appreciate Charlie's reluctance when he goes to the Little Red-Haired Girl's front door to return her pencil.
The Peanuts Movie succeeds at giving the Peanuts property a shiny fresh coat of paint, while keeping its heart and humanist spirit intact.
Without suffering, Peanuts becomes little more than wholesome distraction for kiddies.
"The Peanuts Movie" introduces the Peanuts gang to a whole new generation by bringing them to life with all of their foibles and neuroses attached.
A terrific big-screen version that should satisfy Peanuts fans and generate new ones.
This one errs firmly on the side of caution, and it's G-rated, irony-free setups make it the perfect introduction to a new generation of fans. It might even be the first film you take your li'l folks to see.
A really wonderful continuation of the original comic strip's great legacy that should earn it an entire new generation of fans, and is guaranteed to make you smile.
Only a blockhead won't enjoy Charlie Brown and Co.'s return to the big screen.
While The Peanuts Movie succeeds at being amusing and engaging for all ages, it's perhaps just as important that it also succeeds at being "by Schulz."
Welcome back, Charlie Brown, even in 3D.
Gentle family-friendly comedy has sweet messages.
There's something sad about seeing a character as sweet and simple as good ol' Charlie Brown so totally ruined.
It's a mediocre movie, Charlie Brown.
Charles M. Schulz would have loved this one. It's a terrific tribute to him, his characters and his fans. The Tolstoy bit had me laughing out loud. Don't miss this one.
As a long time fan, I would have appreciated perhaps another story than the recycled one offered here, but it is still nice to see all the old friends back.
Schulz' spirit of suburban innocence and down-home sweetness continues with this most recent film adaptation of his comic.
Might not reach or match the creative heights of Pixar's best animated films, but it's undeniably charming and decidedly old-fashioned for fans of the strip, TV shows or both. (Full Content Review - listing objectionable content - for Parents available)
The Peanuts Movie has all of the elements a true fan would want - the original characters, a nod to past TV specials, even a jazzed-up "wahwah" - but like its stalwart hero, it falls just short of completing the task at hand.
Cutesy and pleasant as it is, the film is perhaps too innocuous for audiences who have become more accustomed to the snarky wit and zippy animation style of films such as Kung Fu Panda 3.
"The Peanuts Movie" takes the quaint humor of Charles Schulz' characters and blows it up to big screen proportions, and against the odds, it keeps Peanuts' genial sense of melancholy charm intact.
There are pleasant moments and welcome echoes of the past, but it does not justify its existence by adding anything of value to the canon already available.
In short, longtime fans should be happy with the result, and new fans will find an easy time getting on board.
It's a skillful, sweet-natured film with nice messages about believing in yourself and not giving up. But somehow, the magic got lost along the way.
To those with even a limited exposure to Peanuts over the years, this will feel like a homecoming. Is that a bad thing? No, but it's more of a trip down memory lane than something new.
Essentialists may never be pleased with the updated CGI features or jokes about standardized testing, but the heart and hope of this Charlie Brown remains intact enough to try and kick that football.
What surprised me was the way they took a quiet approach to finding something else to say about Charlie Brown.
The movie isn't some kind of disservice to the legacy of Charles Schulz, but it also feels unnecessary.
With the frenetic style of so much of what passes as kids fare these days, the simplicity of seeing The Peanuts Movie and this wonderful bunch of characters again on the big screen is more than enough.
Maybe the best thing about The Peanuts Movie, with detail so perfect that it brings tears to my eyes, is the way that Charlie Brown daydreams.
Most of The Peanuts Movie is very funny indeed.
It's a bit startling, and undeniably refreshing, to see a children's movie that ... is driven by the small anxieties a real child might experience on a daily basis.
The Schulz descendants who oversaw this new Peanuts avoid the obvious traps to ensure a charming, harmless trip down memory lane.
Even with his glossy new look, Charlie Brown remains the Charlie Browniest.
The Peanuts Movie manages to be a winning flashback while keeping its feet firmly in today. It's terrific.
The Peanuts Movie finds Charlie Brown still suffering from self-esteem issues, but that figures. He still goes to a five-cent psychiatrist.
It's a big, wet dog kiss of an animated family film, hitting all the expected notes of the Charles Schultz comic strip and TV specials that generations have loved.
plays much like a greatest hits package, an approach that's just fine for introducing a new generation to Charlie Brown and his gang while giving those more familiar a nostalgia trip.
"The Peanuts Movie" didn't need to be made, but if it gets a new audience to Schulz's best work, it's done its job.
"The Peanuts Movie" is not only aesthetically beautiful, at once modern, retro and pure, but it also rings resoundingly true.
It is smart, fun and offers some strong messages without being preachy. That is the framework Schulz established when he introduced the comic strip. The best thing that can be said is you're in a very good film, Charlie Brown.
I suspect kids may find these Peanuts kind of bland.
Comes billed as being "From the imagination of Charles Schulz," and, almost astonishingly, it pretty much is.
I m still a huge Peanuts fan. But this movie misses the talent and wisdom of Charles Schulz and the iconic music of Vince Guaraldi. This movie is an affirmation of Schulz's acumen in not allowing anyone else to write the strip after he stopped.
To my great relief and only the best kind of good grief, I'm pleased to report this is a meticulously faithful and clearly loving tribute to America's favorite blockhead.
"Peanuts" is not a perfect film, but it remains almost completely true to its original values. It's a snowflake slowly falling to the melancholy notes of Vince Guaraldi.
Brings Schulz's classic creation up-to-date in technical terms while remaining faithful to the spirit and tone of the beloved strip.
While it's respectful to the Schultz legacy and periodically winning, "The Peanuts Movie" feels a tad stale at times, burning through established highlights instead of creating fresh ones.
If you're lucky enough to be a kid who hasn't been exposed to Peanuts, or lucky enough to be the parent of such a kid, you're in for a special treat.
Very likable, often poignant, and, ultimately, protective of the delicate comic strip from which it was sourced.
Any yardage gained by staying true to Charles M. Schulz's gentle, somewhat whitewashed vision of small-town childhood is offset by one too many head-bonking 3-D action sequences and a batch of truly dire pop tunes. (Good grief, Flo Rida.)
A welcome break from the noise of many kids flicks, Charlie Brown's trip to the big screen is set in a simpler time.
The Peanuts Movie captures the charm and innocence of Charles M. Schulz's characters for a new generation.
There's room for Charlie Brown in the imaginations of a new generation completely unfamiliar with his embarrassing dilemmas and resilient efforts to dust himself off, haters like Lucy be damned. Charlie Brown is the Dirt Off Your Shoulder OG.
An entertaining combination of humor and tenderness, "The Peanuts Movie" isn't just an all-ages crowd-pleaser. It's the perfect first feature film for a preschooler.
The Peanuts Movie is deeply rooted in the look and tone of Schulz's soulful comic strip.
This charming movie mostly captures the tone of Schulz's work and the voices of his characters.
It's disappointing and actually kind of cynical in its unwillingness to try anything even vaguely innovative with these beloved characters.
It's so faithful that it's a bit like watching the Peanuts greatest hits.
The Peanuts Movie is more tribute album than fresh material. It aims to honor Charles M. Schulz's legacy while doing little to sustain it.
Steve Martino's wonderful The Peanuts Movie is a loving tribute not only to the original comic strips and cartoons, but to the man who created the franchise, Charles "Sparky" Schulz.
It's a gentle, simple movie with Charlie Brown, Snoopy and the gang that the late Charles Schulz would be proud to call his own.
Happiness is a warm feature-length animated cartoon called The Peanuts Movie, a loving tribute to the beloved comic strip that graced the funny pages for half a century.
The animators seamlessly bring the newsprint line drawings to colorful and creative life. Yet the integrity and feel of the original comic strip is carefully maintained.
The fact that Charlie Brown isn't on Snapchat is one of the reasons why I loved 'The Peanuts Movie.'
All the classic moments are there, crammed in as if we might not get another shot at this. It's all very sweet and charming, and we should be thankful this isn't a childhood-ruining disaster.
Failure hovers over the film as much as it did in Schulz's comic strip, infusing even its most ebullient set pieces and designs with a sense of melancholy.
The movie is both a testament to Charlie Brown's place in pop culture and also a showcase for a new generation bound to fall in love with its perennially insecure star.
It's a shame to see Charlie Brown, one of our culture's most lovable nonconformists, swing for the big leagues and whiff.
Adorable, faithful, and all sorts of innocent, The Peanuts Movie is a definitive family affair.
It's definitely for kids, but only in the way the specials (and the strip) are for kids, which is to say it taps into something primal and even sad.
Theirs is a world where kids can't wait to go outside and play on a snow day, and there aren't any parents policing the park for hurt feelings and peanut butter. And it's a lo-fi delight.
Nostalgic, a "Peanuts Greatest Hits," but still utterly charming.
The gritty origin story of the Little Red Haired Girl. Finally, we get to explore how and why she came into Charlie Brown's life and the depths of his affection for her.
Relying on 50 years of character development, the Peanuts gang stays true to their original selves -- there's no new edge or post-modern snark in the mix.
The title card claims this Peanuts is "by Schulz," but there are voices here besides his. What matters is that his is honored - and that this is as sincere a pumpkin patch as Hollywood can grow.
Appropriate for all ages, yet still acceptably funny for adults who have nominally grown out of admitting they ever liked Snoopy and the gang, this Peanuts is as big a winner as its protagonist Charlie Brown isn't.
I suspect that for young audiences, The Peanuts Movie will eventually be as much of a launching pad for the work of Charles M. Schulz as previous movie and TV iterations were for their parents.
I am apparently allergic to 'Peanuts.'
This adaptation re-creates the TV specials' touching, wistful, gently funny tone. But in the process, "The Peanuts Movie" practically cuts-and-pastes much of their signature catch phrases, character quirks and indelible scenes for this new tale.
A 'Peanuts' adaptation that his creator can be proud of.
A delightful romp that captures the spirit of the adored 65-year-old comic strip.

@highlight

The Peanuts Movie offers a colorful gateway into the world of its classic characters and a sweetly nostalgic -- if relatively unambitious -- treat for the adults who grew up with them.