... at times I seemed to be seeing some kind of tribute to the adventures of Indiana Jones... [Full review in Spanish]
Imagine Oliver Twist meets Jules Verne as a whimsical fantasy fable, a film made for kids but clever and creative enough for adults.
In the manner of this kind of thing, the story is too complex to spell out, but it's as entertaining as the design of the film is compelling to look at.
The movie is interesting but that is not nearly enough to entertain, even if only for 106 minutes.
The movie radiates quaint period charm from the start.
A dignified, honest and comfortable epic in which the progress of man depends not only on his ingenuity in the invention and creation of artifacts that facilitate his existence, but of having an authentic interest for humanity. [Full review in Spanish]
April and the Extraordinary World doesn't turn away from the darkness of the world - in fact, that darkness is integral to the plot. But our final impression is one of hope and wonder.
As much as April and the Extraordinary World veers around a little too often and gets too self-indulgent with its exposition, the film effectively builds a whole other steampunk-inspired world in which viewers can get lost, gas masks and all.
This hand-drawn animated feature by first-time directors Christian Desmares and Franck Ekinci is a steampunk marvel that will enchant both kids and adults with its high-concept premise.
Given how sumptuous the details are in every scene, the alternate universe here, even as far from reality as it is, is conceivably real.
... while sometimes bits of comedy are distractingly nonsensical, the film preserves scenes of illustrated beauty, smart contemplation and clever humor.
Even in today's world of banal CGI wonders, it would be a tall order to render the scope and detail of the Franklins' ominous steampunk world in a live-action tent-pole.
Soot and steam seep into every frame, so that you can almost sense the picture wheezing.
April is a creative and compelling film set in an alternate historic reality that imagines different results from the Industrial Revolution. It's essentially a steampunk fantasy with subtitles.
The film seems constantly ready to collapse under the weight of its absurdity ... but it never does.
There's enough imagination in the French-made animated adventure April and the Extraordinary World to spread across 10 movies, and enough visual wonder to match its tricky plot.
Should appeal to precocious children... Adults may find it as derivative and simplistic as the steampunk aesthetic to which it's indebted, but for a gateway to more resonant cinema and literature, you could do worse.
Smart, clever, ceaselessly dazzling steampunk, drawn entirely from French visual sources, about a family of scientists obsessed with longevity from the pen of artist Jacques Tardi, set in an alternate Paris, where the Industrial Revolution never happened.
April and the Extraordinary World is really, really weird. It's also really, really great,
By the time the film finally brings the heroes face to face with the villains, these two hours are beginning to feel more like three.
"April" is an imaginative, gorgeously animated sci-fi steampunk adventure with an endless number of cool things to look at and to think about.
A fine animated film
April and the Extraordinary World will have your imagination doing somersaults and cartwheels.
"April and the Extraordinary World" is a visual delight, an animated French steampunk adventure that is smart, exciting and wonderfully weird.
It's an oddball animated picture, but often wonderfully so.
It cavalierly toys with the history of the mechanized world, making you thankful we have luxuries like cars and electricity. But it also makes an equally solid argument that it's those luxuries we depend on that are choking the life out of our planet.
In truth, the story is practically beside the point with all the spectacular visuals.
A delightfully deranged steampunk adventure.
You miss out on this and you miss out on something entirely, amazingly original and jaw-droppingly entertaining. C'est magnifique!
Fun, fast-paced French film d'animation that manages to keep its ideas from getting lost amid the steampunk aesthetics, frequent chases, and occasional explosions.
If you're a steampunk fan, by all means go. Just don't expect a classic.
It's a two-dimensional world on the screen, but the imagination at work is definitely in three dimensions.
The film, which is like Jules Verne crossed with Tintin, offers a thoughtful revisionist history within its modern science fiction....a cautionary global climate change message within a grand adventure.
April And The Extraordinary World is a heart-warming animation that's fit to burst with all the joy that it brings.
While the film tells a rollicking, sometimes barbed story about oppressive governments, secret labs, selfishness, and the point where science meets ethics, it's the world-building that really delights.
I would highly, highly recommend seeking it out if you can. It's a journey to a completely different version of Earth and a science fiction adventure that will still be timeless in a further 70 years
Ambitious in scale and often gorgeous to look at.
You might have missed the chapter in your history books in which Napoleon II went full-Dr. Moreau in trying to commission a homicidal army of immortal monkeys...
The filmmakers are willing to dabble in social allegory while refusing to boil things down to a simple opposition between good and evil. At the same time, the twists are sufficiently outrageous to suggest that everyone involved is having fun.
It's a loose, scrappy tale that blends pulpy adventure with a young woman's coming of age, and then adds a healthy dollop of mad science.
It's a rousing, thrilling adventure, beautifully animated in rich, deep hues with a look that meets neatly between the flow of hand-drawn cels and the smoothness of digital animation.
Think of April and the Extraordinary World as an intense workout for your brain, or perhaps your wrist, assuming you're the type to notate while watching movies.
This unique, super-smart and berserkly imaginative French animated entry is a real achievement in the world of animation.
French steampunk tale for kids mixes science, adventure.
A joyful, accomplished movie that echoes "The City of Lost Children," "The Adventures of Tintin," "Metropolis," "Howl's Moving Castle" and something unique into a, well, delightful piece of work.
Who says they don't make mind-bending French science-fiction animated movies like they used to?
Animation should push boundaries and this aesthetic and revisionist plot do exactly that.
The movie's Jules Verne-esque contraptions are fun to look at -- and will make steampunk fans drool with delight -- but by no means do Tardi and company want viewers to feel nostalgic for this alternate past.
An all-too-rare example of steampunk done right - which also acknowledges that, however pretty such industrial imagery might seem from afar, actually living in such a world would be kind of horrible.
It provocatively has audiences see the world's current ecological concerns in a different and unexpected light.
Within a thrilling tale that respects the intelligence of its audience, attentive parents will find the antidote to their fear that watching cartoons might rot your brain.
A surreal sci-fi period piece that reimagines mid-20th century Paris as a smog-filled, steam-powered Napoleonic empire whose future lies in the hands of an orphaned young woman.

@highlight

Bursting with a colorful imagination befitting its promise-packed title, April and the Extraordinary World offers spectacular delights for animation fans willing to venture off the beaten path.