In less capable hands, it could easily become a saccharine family fable or a gross-out comedy, but Ade manages to find her own strange niche, bolstered by some memorable set pieces.
Slowly, through the poignancy of its writing and brilliance of its two leads, Toni Erdmann wins you over, worming its way into your mind and heart both, in equal measure.
Toni Erdmann is a peculiar, engaging hybrid of a film. Part of its acclaim may stem from the juxtaposition of two adjectives that don't typically go together: "funny" and "German."
I think Toni Erdmann is an acceptable movie, but by no means one of the best of the year or other exaggerations that have been said out there. [Full review in Spanish]
Both lead actors are good, with Huller especially adept at depicting how mechanically Ines buries so much frustration, loneliness, anger and desire beneath her all-business exterior.
Toni Erdmann is a thing of rare beauty.
Of all the notable omissions in the Cannes awards this year, zilch for Maren's Ade's third feature Toni Erdmann stands out as the most egregious in the 15 years I've been attending the festival.
Never predictable and always genuine, Ade brilliantly captures what it's like to be the frustrated daughter of a loving-but-inappropriate father.
Despite its undeniable longueurs and the oddest naked party scene you'll ever see, it often manages to be funny, silly and immensely sad all at the same time.
Toni Erdmann is that rare thing: a film that makes you laugh and cry, wince and twist in your seat all at once.
Quirky and offbeat, like its central character, if you like your films a little idiosyncratic, give this one a go.
Ade, Simonischek and Hüller have crafted a loving ode to familial relationships that achieves universality in its own right. We don't need another Toni Erdmann in the thunderdome of a multiplex.
I hope you like it; if you get a chance, drop me a line and tell me what I missed.
There's a lot more going on beneath the surface in this offbeat meditation on family, aging, the passage of time, and the meaning of happiness.
Writer-director Maren Ade (Everyone Else) complicates her career woman, allowing her both cold-eyed pragmatism and very real potential for injury, blood that spurts red.
Toni Erdmann is a film that surprises with its offbeat approach and its refusal to conform in its subject matter, its length, or its style.
By the end, it has become clear that director [Maren] Ade has more in mind than wringing cheap laughs out of a pair of false teeth.
A slow-paced quirky comedy.
Toni Erdmann, the Oscar-nominated film from German filmmaker Maren Ade, is a farce, a tearjerker, and a bonkers take on globalization and its discontents.
. . .Toni Erdmann calls to mind the idea of Saturnalia, a festival devoted to the necessity of upending societal structures. This does two things simultaneously - allowing these constraints to be seen, and also to be rendered ridiculous.
An offbeat and sometimes off-putting German farce/drama hybrid that features a father-daughter pair that are two of the most fully realized characters in recent memory. [Full review in Japanese]
Toni Erdmann finds comedy in the depths of despair and vice versa, never hinting what's coming next. The movie is as much of a put-on as its impractically joking hero.
An absurdist dark comedy with a thoughtful subtext, Maren Ade's German comedy is both seriously silly and, well, seriously serious.
an old-fashioned father-daughter story grafted onto a none-too-subtle critique of the corporatization of Europe and the brutally hectic nature of modern life
If I could grant Maren Ade's third feature the rating it deserves, its title would be followed not by five stars but by a constellation. The Academy blew it. Toni Erdmann is by far the finest foreign language film of the past year.
Every performance in Toni Erdmann, particularly those of Simonischek and Hüller, is spectacular, and we register the actors' skill at the many small moments that make the nearly three-hour-long film a continual pleasure to watch.
Whatever Ade's intentions, her Toni Erdmann does achieve this: Syd Field or no, it offers American moviegoers a reminder of the many different ways that cinema can express itself.
Toni Erdmann is 40 minutes too long, period.
Though the film is ostensibly a critique of the global corporations that Ines's consultancy is modeled on, Ade does not dictate how the audience should respond to Ines's position within this sphere.
It's one of the best comedies in recent years, being intelligent, disconcerting and poignant at the same time. [Full review in Spanish]
Toni Erdmann is so loaded with show-stopping sequences and contradictory tones that it's hard to know where to start, but I doubt anyone will ever listen to "The Greatest Love of All" again without thinking of this film. D.B.
Toni Erdmann is ostensibly a comedy-drama, but that catch-all label doesn't even begin to cover its idiosyncratic tone, in which the comedy is often killingly awkward and the drama so oddly sweet.
A diptych character study featuring characters well-worth studying, Toni Erdmann is an affecting, delightful original. Prepare to face-palm - in a good way.
For its endless brilliance, I dare to call Toni Erdmann a masterpiece. [Full review in Spanish]
Running nearly three hours, outrageous for a comedy, the film never drags because it changes direction so frequently and naturally.
Ade, in only her third film as director, blends familial drama, comedy of embarrassment and a social critique of sexism in the workplace into a unique comic cauldron.
A film that everyone has praised so much but the way to get there is long. I would say it was almost worth the ride for those last 40 minutes. Almost. [Full review in Spanish]
When Ade's opus works it admittedly does so with a level of precision and genius that's mesmerizing, making this a modern comedy of heartbreak, forgiveness and family deserving of multiple looks.
Simonischek is delightful all through the film but it's at that birthday party, with its ultimate recognition of what her life has become, that actress Sandra Huller gives the film the heart and art and soul that make it so very good.
I did not find the film overly long; it is fascinating to watch the narrative unfold, driven as it is by the low-key antics of its main characters. The time breezed by like a brisk walk by the Rhine.
A delicious criticism about the meaninglessness of modern life, the distance and the coldness that exists in a father-daughter relationship while showing the brutal dominance that corporations exert over human beings. [Full review in Spanish]
For such a nutty, funny film, "Toni Erdmann" is painfully wise about the generation gap between parents and children, and how hard it is to bridge for very long. Dad jokes can only take you so far.
"Toni Erdmann" has plenty to say about parenting, ambition, feminism and modern happiness, but not enough to justify its absurdly longwinded running time.
Ade favors unobtrusive camerawork and doesn't punch up the jokes with excessive cutting or music cues, leaving the audience to find our own bearings in awkward social situations.
A tragi-comedy, yes. It's also beautiful and unique - art of a high order. In its portrayal of stark philosophical differences, the movie speaks to how people across generations see, and find meaning in, modern life.
Touching and amusing, but so patience-testing it makes one anxious for the brisker and almost certain-to-be-funnier Hollywood version.
The movie endorses rapprochement over antagonism and reconciliation over alienation as it builds to a climactic confrontation in which the daughter is entirely exposed while the father is entirely concealed...
Life's too short; stop and smell the roses. That's the central premise behind the anointed "Toni Erdmann." Simple, right? So why does it take a grueling 165 minutes to make the point?
Toni Erdmann doesn't just defy the expectation that a comedy has to be short and punchy. It also shows that it can have rich, well-acted characters.
Don't let its length make you avoid 'Toni Erdmann' (as it did me -- on two occasions -- at the 41st Toronto International Film Festival). It might be 2016's best film, with two all-time classic scenes included among its many marvels.
The bottom line is that Toni Erdmann works because of its excess, not in spite of it. Don't wait for the Hollywood version, see the original.
Toni Erdmann will polarise audiences - it refuses to be labelled a comedy or drama, instead presenting true and nuanced performances which deliver a timeless message about what's important.
The movie climaxes with a party that can be described as nuts. And it's best not to say too much about it here. But it's one of the most unusual, awkward scenes you'll ever see on the big screen. It's not to be missed.
A wildly hilarious, crazily off-kilter and touchingly honest story of a father-daughter relationship that's both modern and timeless.
Hüller is amusingly discombobulated as the uptight Ines. But the film is perhaps best appreciated as a showcase for the gifted Simonischek, whose portrayal of Winfried/Toni is one for the ages.
Simonischek, all ruddy, playful bearishness, and the amazing Hüller allow themselves to sink deep within these two characters, and the end result is nothing short of unforgettable.
Drop the extra hour and it's little more than a concept comedy. Such an edit would also emphasize antics to the detriment of its surgically precise dissection of the maddening complications and contradictions of modern life, work and relationships.
At nearly three hours, "Toni Erdmann" is expansive but rarely self-indulgent, and the emotional payoff, when it comes, feels truly and bizarrely earned.
The success of Toni Erdmann rests on the wonderful acting of Huller and Simonischek.
Stripped of a steadying score and explanatory monologues - so much is left unsaid in Toni Erdmann that the absence starts to say something - this story of a father and daughter's bond can be a litmus test for your sense of humour.
Ade films it all with a lightness that makes the movie wear its 162-minute running time lightly.
Raw, painful and excruciatingly funny, Toni Erdmann might just be one of a kind.
No joke, Toni Erdmann is an extraordinary piece of cinema.
Unpredictable and exuberant, it's wildly rebellious and absurdly redemptive.
Superb and deeply-layered examination of the special relationship between fathers and daughters [and] much more than that ... thoroughly engaging, moving and meaningful, a major film with a lot on its mind.
Life becomes theater, an ongoing masquerade that looks a lot more fun than the grown-up business of maximizing profit margins and exploiting the little guy.
I think it is Peter Simonischek's off the wall performance that make's "Toni Erdmann" a cut above just quirky.
This film delivers surprises, shocks and cringe-inducing comedy at an impressive rate.
Funny, tender, outrageous - this unpredictable movie belongs in a category all its own.
Wonderfully unconventional, yet highly enjoyable.
Maren's screenplay has its eccentricities (for one, a bizarre sexual interlude), but is anchored by the gorgeous duelling of its leads. If only it was 40 minutes shorter.
At two hours and 43 minutes, Toni Erdmann may test the patience of some, but it's a wise, insightful, boldly eccentric and, at times, hilarious film that raises all sorts of interesting questions.
A German comedy with bite.
Acclaimed with awards and showered with positive reviews though it is, Toni Erdmann has somehow missed out on making me a fan, despite the excellent performances and its quirky qualities
A highly lauded and awarded comic drama that has many scratching their heads wondering what the fuss is all about ... If you can persevere through the film's often frustrating first half, there is a pay off
Worth almost three hours of anyone's time.
"This will not be a comedy," Ade reportedly told her co-producer. "This will be a very long and sad film." In fact, it is both and more.
I'm struggling to think of a more warped, out-of-the-box comedy from the past year.
The first thing to note is that Toni Erdmann is wholly original. It doesn't follow any of the usual "rules" of narrative cinema.
At the heart of this deeply-convincing human drama is the lingering after-effect of unmentioned family discord, astutely tempered with some brilliant comic set-pieces.
Surprises us with both its hilarity and its resonance.
While I appreciate that the film contains multitudes -- and, yes, maybe even the spark of genius -- I must confess that I'm not fully down with the hype.
Long, fluid takes, naturalistic cinematography (by Patrick Orth) and bland, realistic set design (by Silke Fischer) allow all the focus to follow the interactions between the actors -- both verbal and often even more powerfully, non-verbal.
Toni Erdmann, saddled with a storyline that is, at its heart, fairly conventional, ultimately finds its various positive attributes rendered moot in the face of a needlessly, obnoxiously epic running time.
The film is funny and insightful, outrageous but still grounded.
Boasts two fascinating characters and a string of surreal set-pieces that you can't afford to miss.
If you're thinking that maybe life's too short for 162 minutes of German comedy, think again.
The story of a nuttily disguised father stalking his uptight business executive daughter is surreal and screamingly funny, but also a tender dissection of their relationship.
It isn't often you watch a three hour long German language farce in which a father wearing a wig and false teeth antagonises his daughter in a hotel bar - and think it's bloody brilliant.
Even at a mightily excessive running time of 162 minutes, Maren Ade's picture generally holds the attention with its sheer singularity.
Exploring corporate sexism, the decline in business ethics, the EU's betrayal of the post-Communist bloc and communication in the mobile age, this playful screwball comedy has plenty to say about the state of the continent.
A slow-burning joy of a film that delivers dark, outrageous laughs and some genuinely touching moments.
Has moments that test patience in full, but it's also a richly realistic study of interpersonal struggle and fractured communication, delivered with a free-flowing sense of playfulness.
Rather than setting up jokes, scoring points and swiftly moving on, Ade keeps her shots rolling past the natural beats, hindering what at its core is a road trip comedy - one that is thinly staged, shot and edited.
Ade is interested in following these two average people as they try to figure out some huge things: What do they want out of life? How can they get it? Can a willingness to do silly, random stuff make us happier?
Toni Erdmann is as strange, delightful and dementedly funny as the hype has it. But repeat watching reveals a film that plays first as comedy, then as tragedy.
Force of feeling and intelligence meets force of comic metaphor and invention, somewhere in a Dadaist deep space miraculously liberated from solemnity.
A weird, thoughtful, affecting treat.
Rich, funny, rewarding and ultimately moving.
A film that you can't miss; and also, the new great hope of German cinema that deserves everything. [Full review in Spanish]
Playful and profound by turns, it spins a complex and multi-layered story from what seems to be a simple premise.
This is Ade's masterful take on cringe comedy.
A morbid, awkward, raucously funny critique of modern life.
Strikingly original, brilliantly acted, this serio-comic masterpiece constantly swerves expectations.
As great as you've heard, and probably even greater.
Hilarious, weird, insightful and charming, Toni Erdmann is the type of character comedy which comes along infrequently and must be cherished in the time it is here.
The movie that will make you rethink your life and look at joke shops with better eyes. We all need a Toni Erdmann. [Full review in Spanish]
It has important things to say about how one culture can be foisted on another in the name of globalization or efficiency.
.... a Teutonic Ferris Büeller...
Sure enough, Andy Kaufman's prankster and premeditatedly abrasive second-self was the impetus behind this epic one-joke comedy from German writer-director Maren Ade.
Toni Erdmann is a bit sad, a bit weird, and a bit funny -- all in the right ways.
As director Maren Ade builds one extended set piece after another, you will gradually spy her brilliant fusion of form and function ...
Loveable if not ordinarily hilarious, Toni Erdmann explores both sides of a situation familiar to many.
Toni Erdmann is a delight, a masterpiece of subtlety, and a rich comedy of eras.
Overlong and-apart from a few truly bizarre moments-pretty obvious, it neither delivers consistent laughs nor carries any deep emotional impact.
Comedies are supposed to be short, but this German farce... succeeds by virtue of its endlessness-like its hero, an aging piano teacher and irrepressible joker, the movie keeps bugging you and bugging you until you can't help but laugh.
Despite a nearly three-hour running time that feels at times like a miniseries, Ade's script is that unique conundrum: an art house comedy with a deft pace and finely tuned emotional intelligence.
The movie is worth its sloggiest moments - and its frequently off-putting title character - for Hüller's fearless performance, which is a revelation of pathos, humor and keen, sharp-eyed focus.
The movie has a lot to say about the endless, free-floating bs women must contend with in a capitalistic patriarchy.
"Toni Erdmann" is worth every minute of your time.
Toni Erdmann is an immensely rich, deeply-felt exploration of human relationships that draws you in and holds you fast for nearly three hours.
This extravagantly long import recently landed on many top-10 lists, but it contains ideas, not people. Fortunately, the actors are good enough to make you forget its inexplicable plot machinations.
In Toni Erdmann, the sandpaper is coated with honey and the protagonists only want to prove they're right, on their way to ultimate family happiness.
Corporate politics, nudity and a very well-used set of false teeth fuel the blithe absurdities of this German comedy.
Maren Ade's third feature... is bittersweet and berserk, realist yet surrealist, which, once you've absorbed the particulars of the premise, has as many indelible laughs as any movie released in recent months.
A bittersweet and unusual comedy that, although it could have been shorter, it has been a pleasant and delicious time being with its characters in their crazy trip. [Full review in Spanish]
An extravagant and incisive comedy that has a lucidity so amusing that, in fact, hurts. [Full review in Spanish]
Although I don't think it will become a masterpiece, it will end up being among my favorite releases of 2017, maybe even as my favorite movie of the year. Definitely essential. [Full review in Spanish]
I liked these characters, and the movie mostly avoids squeamish moments of uncomfortable comedy, but it just went on and on with no real payoff for its extreme length.
The movie's most impressive trick is that while Winfried's stated philosophy is "Don't lose the humor," his disguises never descend into a Patch Adams-type aggressive whimsy.
That the movie works so well is also due to the exceptional talents of leads Simonischek and Huller, who hold nothing back - especially the former, whose Winfried is one of the oddest ducks in recent movies.
Writer/director Maren Ade's ("Everyone Else") generational comedy is like a bizarre game of chicken, Ines's prankster dad pushing all her buttons until she finally recognizes the absurdity of her priorities.
It's some new, evolved form of awkward comedy that doesn't strive to make the audience wince, but rather lives in every joyously strange, unsettling moment.
Defies expectations - and disarms and delights in the process.
It's all fitfully sharp and amusing but hardly a masterpiece.
One of 2016's best.
Brilliantly funny and moving.
Toni Erdmann is seriously funny, yes, but there are also very real emotional stakes behind every joke.
Lacking anything to disturb its basic binary or to put a complacent viewer momentarily on their back foot, there's little here that lifts the ongoing game of farcical imposture and father-daughter sparring above briskly repetitive actor's exercises.
Movies this inventively generous and organically unpredictable should be, in a proper world, produced dozens of times a year, as a matter of routine.
Rather than taking the joke-a-minute slapstick approach, Toni Erdmann slow-burns its humor, winding up to the punch with care and pathos that renders the punchline all the more poignant.
An outrageous but heartwarming father-daughter comedy that's also a tragedy about globalization's broken promises -- one the year's best, and probably it's most unique.
Toni Erdmann is silly yet profoundly moving, a movie that speaks to the human disconnect of our time.
While the length is daunting, the film never feels rambling or indulgent, offering rich characters, terrific performances and a visual texture that yield sympathy.
If you're looking for the best and most beguiling foreign-language film of the year, you'll find it in Maren Ade's German father-daughter story that will leave you laughing and choking back tears, often simultaneously.
...hilarious, bizarre, and oddly sweet.
There isn't a question in any of the filming; Ade's sense of representation is one of confident approximations. In sticking to a familiarly unquestioned sense of cinematic reality, she empties it of psychological reality; it's a movie with no inner life.
The whole thing is, basically, perfect: impeccably-made cinema with a pair of smart messages hiding inside the driest, funniest movie of the year.
A comedy with just as many moments of sadness, disaffection, and humiliation as there are laughs, the film never shies away from awkward human strangeness. This is how it sticks, and sticks the ending.
Abundantly talented writer/director Maren Ade fully embraces the inherent awkwardness of a testy emotional bond and tackles it to the ground.
Bear with us while we sell you on the greatness of a near-three-hour German comedy that has the same plot as an Adam Sandler movie.
A nice new comedy, with plenty of smiles and a few genuine belly laughs. And, at the same time, a painfully honest family drama, made for anyone who's ever been an embarrassed teen.
A thrilling act of defiance against the toxicity of doing what is expected, on film, at work and out in the world.
See Toni Erdmann, and once you have, check out Ade's previous film, Everyone Else, which is also terrific.
Under the skillful eye of director Maren Ade, the movie is certainly unafraid of embracing the weird, but it is an inherently sweet and oftentimes moving picture about the lengths to which a parent can go to help a child in distress.
Ade has an unusual gift for planting more than one idea in each frame; I don't think there's a single one of the movie's 162 minutes that can be reduced to a single emotional beat or narrative function.
Toni Erdmann remains constantly absorbing through its precise examination of even the most mundane interactions.
While the story is sometimes straight-up weird -- in a wonderful way -- its humor cuts close to the bone.
Flat, sober, paced like an art picture, its themes never directly announced: Toni Erdmann should be deadly. Instead, people scream at the screen. Really, they go crazy.
With a truly unique script, definitive characterization, and plenty of surprises, Toni Erdmann is among the most enthralling and moving cinema of the year.
Toni Erdmann is a fascinating beast with a father-daughter story at its heart that is at once familiar and nothing like you've ever seen before.
Earns every uproarious, heartbreaking or illuminating moment, and every corresponding emotional response as well.
It is tender and melancholy, yet its absurdist twists, played with the straightest face, make it one of the most uniquely rewarding experiences I've had at the movies all year.
Toni Erdmann is a painfully drawn out and rather limp piece of work that dribbles on shapelessly until Ade finally stops the show by having the male protagonist bluntly sum up the movie's message at the end.
Toni Erdmann has a few show-stopping sequences that give the allusion of an arthouse crowd pleaser, yet the laughs are spread too thin across the overlong and dull narrative.
A profound, heartfelt and outrageously funny emotional journey. It's one of the best films of the year.
The mastery evident in ensuring that every detail of the movie imitates life can't be underestimated.
You'll want to see this one in a crowd when it opens in theaters, so you can feel the waves of laughter crashing over each other.
A pinnacle of the present century cinema because of its capacity to blend comedy with the melancholy and being rapturous in both aspects. [Full review in Spanish]
It's many things, all of them good- leading up to a wondrous thid-act setpiece (Broad Street Review)
An alternately sad and jocular look at a father's attempt to bring his daughter closer through a series of practical jokes.
Just as the film seems primed for a self-pitying, cheap-shot conclusion, there's a liberating set-piece of fumbling group adventure that achieves a mythic, cathartic quality.
While you'll delight in the comedic spectacle, it's the film's poignancy that will gnaw at you for much longer.
Ade's sticky mix of the foolish and the lonesome clings on afterwards, seeping slowly under the skin around your funny bone.
What Toni Erdmann offers - in all its crushing optimism - is a chance at absolution. Running nearly three hours, Ade's film is almost overwhelming in its hopefulness, which is precisely what makes it so necessary.
Having elements of a German version of "Mrs. Doubtfire," Ade paints a portrait, often detailed, most times, too much so.
A textured portrait of the parent-child relationship, as well as a shrewd satire of corporate shenanigans.
Enough cannot be said about the sharpness and intelligence of Ade's script, and how credibly it sketches the connections between its superficially disparate co-protagonists.
By its end, Toni Erdmann is a work of laser-guided social critique and a comedy.
Finally, the feminist workplace comedy we've all been waiting for.
It's long (two and three-quarters hours), it's hysterically funny, it's deeply moving, it features a show-stopping impromptu performance of a Whitney Houston song, and it's a masterpiece.
Other characters appear, but, for all its sprawl, Toni Erdmann still plays like a blissful two-hander between admirable professionals.
With Maren Ade's careful construction, Toni Erdmann's offsetting comedy and tragedy seeks to find some sort of balance in our modern times.
It's as though [director] Ade, who wrote the script, drew upon the fundamentals of farce, rewarding the audience for sitting through an elongated setup with one last act of lunacy.
[CANNES 2016] The laughs ebb and flow through an overlong movie whose shallow dramatic arc is a disappointment.
This is a tender and funny film, which suffers from being overly long, but Ade is a skilled craftswoman and gifted screenwriter.
... the flawed, scrambling, ambitious narrative structure of the film does it no disservice. Instead, it's a pure delight ...
The visual style is soberly realist, Patrick Orth's photography strictly no-frills... and it's perfectly attuned to a film that lets the acting and the situations lead.
Ade's film is odd and captivating and speaks many truths and boasts probably the best final shot of the festival.
Ade begins with a fairly simple dynamic and then proceeds to tease out every possible facet, taking her characters to truly unexpected places and ending on a note of disarming irresolution.
A sly evocation of the absurdities and banalities of modern life. Just brilliant.
A slow-burning thing of beauty, ultimately as moving as it is implausibly funny.
Toni Erdmann detonates the typical father-daughter drama, Ade and her cast adventurously trying to put back the pieces into an exciting new whole. You'll see the imperfections in this mosaic, but it's still a wonder to look at.
The movie shows brilliant comedy moments and others of big psychology intensity. [Full review in Spanish]
[T]he genius of Maren Ade's brilliantly funny and slyly crushing Toni Erdmann is that it makes the utterly foreign nation of its central father/daughter relationship feel so much like home.
A charming, delicious, free and very human comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that never stops increasing it's dose of full delirium through situations that go from the absurd to become simply surreal until you can't take it anymore. [Full review in Spanish]
A fun and endearing film, the only thing that drags it down is it's excessive running time, something a film with these characteristics doesn't need. [Full review in Spanish]
Maren Ade always possesses as fine an instinct for calibrating the emotions of her characters as any working director.
A well-made, occasionally hilarious, sometimes touching drama.
One of the most stirring cinematic experiences to come around in a long time.
If you feel there's no space in your life for a 162-minute German comedy, make room.
Ade upends the cliche with her extravagantly strange, farcical situations - interestingly flavoured by embarrassment and resentment.
That rarest of things: a nearly three-hour-long German-Austrian arthouse comedy-drama that (almost) never drags.
With a perfect balance of heart and humor, Toni Erdmann transcends its clichéd premise, becoming one of the most tragic comedies of the decade so far.
Like all great humanist filmmaking, Toni Erdmann keeps an eye out for life at the edges, even when the lives in focus consume a whole lot of energy.

@highlight

Toni Erdmann pairs carefully constructed, three-dimensional characters in a tenderly funny character study that's both genuinely moving and impressively ambitious.