Foster, though, delivers a strong and convincing performance, and I could watch films about Armstrong and his evil machinations for ever. This one may fail to unearth many of his mysteries, but it is a confident, if understated, offering.
The abiding achievement of the film rests throughout with Foster, who can shift on a dime from the charismatic to the repellent and whose Armstrong is at his most grimly compelling when engaged in an ongoing commentary with himself.
The Program can be viewed as especially relevant, given that doping in sport is coincidentally, in the news again.
All said and done, if you want to gain a perspective on what went wrong in Armstrong's professional pursuits, this film is worth a watch. But if you have plans of discovering more about the man himself, we'll just have to wait for a more solid reboot.
Poor Ben Foster is on a truly thankless mission playing such an unlikeable character. But the film does just about get there in the end, helped by some shocking scenes and the sheer power of the underlying story.
There is never a moment that makes you understand Armstrong's motivations. Every plot point is dealt in a business-like manner.
The Program is a drama, not a documentary, which allows it to flesh out the bones of this story into something approaching a minor Shakespearean tragedy.
[Foster] has admitted to a certain admiration for Armstrong. This is evident in the compassion built into his portrayal, which adds complexity to the slick veneer of Frears's obvious antipathy for his subject.
Basically the same as The Armstrong Lie documentary but with less cycling scenes and the repulsive but appealing performance from Ben Foster.[Full review in Spanish]
It's a shame Frears didn't fully approach the character and its subjects as expected. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie makes great use of the journalistic work of Dave Walsh to create intimate moments that help understand the main character's motivations. [Full review in Spanish]
A thrilling modern American tragedy about one of the greatest athletes of our day. [Full review in Spanish]
It makes great use of the events surrounding Armstrong's lies to create a great deal of suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a shame that a director like Stephen Frears ended up making such a weak film. [Full review in Spanish]
Even if it uses some stock footage, there's a lot of original material that's perfectly filmed. Highly recommended. [Full review in Spanish]
A cold, layered, somber, and smart tale about a scam that worked for many years. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is anchored by a strong performance from Ben Foster, who captures both Armstrong's charisma and his underlying chilliness.
Feels more like a gangster movie than a sports drama. [Full review in Spanish]
Cycling? Biopic? No, Frears gives us a great gangster film. [Full review in Spanish]
Ben Foster gives us one of his best performances yet. [Full review in Spanish]
Without being condescending, Frears shows us the rise and fall of the famous cyclist. [Full review in Spanish]
A perfect example of what not to do in a biopic. [Full review in Spanish]
Ben Foster's performance is so impressive you can mistake him with the real Armstrong. [Full review in Spanish]
This biopic of disgraced Tour De France cyclist Lance Armstrong morphs into an epic analysis of blind ambition, and of deception on a grand scale.
Yes, Alex Gibney's 2013 documentary The Armstrong Lie certainly caught him in the act. But The Program offers its own exciting high-cadence take on the story. Better, it finds the chemically-enhanced pulse to Armstrong's big, beating, cheating heart.
Foster holds nothing back in his extremely committed portrayal of one thoroughly nasty piece of work. But it's hard to go the distance with such a mean-minded protagonist.
Executing the hyperactivity of a whirlwind career blighted by controversy and suspicion, The Program pulsates with furious pace, explosive energy and a razor-sharp visual style.
Luckily, we already have our seminal Armstrong movie in The Armstrong Lie. And it is not, as the blandly titled The Program would have you believe, about a lunatic drug addict with a God complex.
The solid performances from Foster and the supporting cast steer the narrative.
[The Program] is not just this year's best movie based on actual events, but also ranks with the year's top films in any genre.
With plenty of rich source material from which to draw, it never pushes its narrative pedals with much conviction.
Flat Lance Armstrong biopic has drugs, strong language.
Much like Frears' other films, The Program shines best in its performances. Ben Foster disappears into his role as Armstrong...
The Program is a solid primer to this fascinating rise-and-fall saga -- one offering far-reaching implications about corruption in sports and celebrity culture.
The flashily photographed enterprise too often becomes a blur of sound bites and slick aesthetics akin to a Nike commercial.
The Program reveals the tiniest details about Lance Armstrong's doping regimen. Just don't expect to learn as much about the cyclist himself.
For a story about incredibly focused determination - and if nothing else, Lance Armstrong had that - the film remains strangely uninvolved.
"The Program" fails to add anything new, or penetrate the soul of so crafty a cheater.
It never goes deep on what it was that produced the awfulness that is Lance Armstrong.
The most surprising thing about 'The Program'...is how narratively pedestrian it is...feels like territory that's already been well-trod (or ridden).
"The Program," much to its detriment, concentrates almost exclusively on the history of the doping effort . There is no mention of his childhood or adolescence or any attempt to analyze his character.
Foster nails Armstrong, right down to his final, clenched-jaw TV confession to Oprah Winfrey but The Program's glancing narrative feels less secure.
Frears squeezes tension out of these interstitial moments, letting personalities rather than facts collide.
The Program is a highly watchable, very enjoyable film, but never truly manages to get to the heart of the issue.
We're left with the well-acted and well-told, if familiar, story of a man who knew better but couldn't stop himself.
There is nothing remotely likable, or even relatable, about Lance Armstrong in The Program.
I had a hard time buying so much concentrated bile, and for me, the film loses an objectivity that might have otherwise scored points for the destructive nature of competition that can wreck a decent man's corrupted psyche.
The Program feels ultimately more akin to box-ticking than character-powered drama.
Despite a committed lead performance from Ben Foster, Frears' drama is an obvious and frustrating depiction of ambition and obsession.
While perhaps not as deep as it could have been, the movie is nonetheless a compelling examination of an unrepentant cheater.
Not without its heated confrontations, but it feels unnecessary, working to depict the downfall of a man who's beaten them to the punch in terms of addressing his own self-destructive tendencies.
Stephen Frears' "The Program" offers absolutely zero insight into Armstrong, who he was, or why he did what he did. It doesn't even offer up a compelling look at his cycling career.
The Program is flashier and more self-conscious than many biopics, but it's ultimately just as hollow.
All that's missing for Foster, usually so measured in his embodiment of difficult characters, are a monocle and twirled mustache.
A surprisingly nuanced portrait of Armstrong built on a transformative performance by Ben Foster
Taking its cue from the novel, the film gives us lots of and then, and then, and then, but not much insight into Armstrong's mindset or why he thought he could get away with cheating.
Foster is superbly and appositely hubristic in the central role.
I want to believe the comedy streak running throughout The Program is intentional.
While many of us would hope that the events depicted in The Program are an isolated incident in the sporting world, the recent FIFA scandal highlighted that money and power often lead to corruption.
Stephen Frears, whose previous work includes The Queen, fails to tease out the moments of great drama.
Tougher than Frears' recent credits, The Program shows off some excellent work from its international cast.
The Program has some fascinating character notes to it, but it's mostly an inconsistently stylised portrait of a monster.
What The Program does lack in fine detail, it mostly makes up for with a sickening physical representation of Armstrong (played solidly enough under trying conditions by Ben Foster) at the height of his war on honesty.
Frears's film dramatises these events very effectively and, as a result, the remarkable story is now available to an even wider audience.
Frears offers a comprehensive set of indictments: the people who ran the sport, the media who ignored the signs, the athletes who went along, the sponsors who didn't care, and the public, who wanted to believe in the fairy story.
It's in the performances that this film equals the energy of the cycling scenes.
There's no time wasted here on wives, children, parents, childhood, religion, politics, puppy dogs or pussy cats. This film is about bicycles and drugs - mainly drugs.
The plot is strung together with a cracking pace, as if Frears were afraid audiences might tune out at any moment and switch to reading Armstrong's Wikipedia page.
Wiggles back-n-forth between 'Oscar contender' and 'dramatised teleprompter'.
Not quite The Armstrong Lie, it's still a compelling look inside "the most successful doping program" in cycling history.
A whooshing pace and snappy dialogue help bring this true story to life, tracing the triumphant and scandalous career of cyclist Lance Armstrong.
Proficiently made and offering a real sense of being there, the major problem about Stephen Frears' film about drug cheat and seven times Tour de France cycling champion Lance Armstrong is that it feels as though we have seen it all before
Frears' movie doesn't offer fresh insights on this still-exceptionally weird tale.
Stephen Frears's fictional take on the Lance Armstrong story is even-handed, witty and shot with verve.
You may not be uplifted but you will have your eyes opened, especially if you have not seen The Armstrong Lie, Alex Gibney's documentary.
Seasoned pros Frears and screenwriter John Hodge handle the sharp corners of the story with aplomb, although there's little here that wasn't covered in Alex Gibney's superior 2013 documentary The Armstrong Lie.
Foster is wickedly brilliant in his portrayal.
The film, scripted by John Hodge of Trainspotting fame, is skillful in the way it gives a modern-day story about cheating in sport a mythic feel.
Frears only circles around the real Lance Armstrong, watching him as he builds his legend and countering that with an enigma.
Pretty much strictly for fans of Ben Foster and Chris O'Dowd, who are both superb here. Probably not for fans of Lance Armstrong (if he still has any left).
Director Stephen Frears and writer John Hodge turn reporter David Walsh's exhaustive expose of Lance Armstrong into a whistlestop tour of one of sport's greatest scandals.
Armstrong may have been obsessed with crafting his own myth, but Frears only offers us a shadow of the man.
Maybe it was because I already know the story so well that I never felt fully engaged.
This should have served Armstrong up on a plate, but it somehow doesn't. It covers the ground, but it's underpowered dramatically.
Lance Armstrong is a big fat liar.
All the necessary components are there, but this slickly constructed machine only scratches the surface.
This powers on, visually dynamic and, like its compelling antihero, doesn't have an inch of fat on it.
It's a watchable piece of work, but doesn't quite do justice to the subtle wriggling and squirming and sheer denial that characterised Armstrong's downfall.
[A] brisk, enjoyable film ...
Foster does great work with rich ingredients, making the most of every eerie smirk and glance.
The Program wants to blur the lines between reality and the screen, but its inability to stick to a style make it just as fake as Armstrong's Tour de France wins.
Taut but structurally aimless, O'Dowd's skeptical sports writer is reduced to a bystander, watching a narrative we're already familiar with play out.
This fearless reconstruction drives home the dark lie that Lance Armstrong lived - it's just a pity it doesn't dig a little deeper.
Ben Foster, adding another villain to his CV, is the only thing that makes this feature film version of the rise and fall of Lance Armstrong worth watching.
Other than one great scene in a children's cancer ward -- which shows us what Foster can do with Armstrong's slippery charm and ambiguous motivations -- there's nothing in The Program that we don't already know.
Lance Armstrong is portrayed as little more than a two-dimensional Bond villain.
"The Program," much like its subject, is not a legitimate winner.
There are only so many scenes of Armstrong using drugs that can retain an element of drama.
Frears' film doesn't attempt to dig up anything new or profound so much as zip entertainingly round the twists and turns of an episode of recent sporting villainy whose fascination happily survives the retelling.
The Program streamlines Armstrong's career down to a hastily told and mostly hollow sports drama.
You sense structural uncertainty about what the Armstrong saga connotes and how exactly it was begging to be told. But you can't take your eyes off Foster.
A fluid and nippy telling of a tale that still seems strangely urgent.
We're told what we already know and ultimately, the film's two lead characters remain its most elusive ...
Rare is the prestige biopic that feels altogether too short, but after 102 soundly paced minutes, "The Program" retires with half a hill left to climb.
The Program delivers an efficient overview of the scandal and builds tension despite the inevitability of the outcome.

@highlight

Ben Foster's impressive efforts to channel Lance Armstrong are often enough to power The Program past director Stephen Frears' frustrating unwillingness to delve deeper into its real-life story.