A brainless and easily-forgettable thriller.
Somewhat faithful to the original, but a stupendously violent fiasco that weasels its way into being unlikable.
[Simon West] goes for headshots, stabbings and other dispatches that are the antithesis of modern PG-13 action filmmaking.
If you're looking for substance, character development, and an engaging storyline, you'll sadly be disappointed as this film is seriously lacking in all three of those areas.
Statham, he of the chiseled physique and sexily receding hairline, holds his own here, doing what he has to in scenes and no more -- which is perfect for a movie like this.
Statham has slowly become this generations' Bruce Willis, combining a quiet and sly screen persona with the ability to kick major ass when called upon
The Mechanic will be a decent time-killer for Statham fans, but it's another black mark against the name of director Simon West.
... a minor pleasure to see an action film that makes a virtue of lean, mean action stripped to the essence.
A passable, but emotionally empty, action film that fails to capitalize on its interesting characters.
Jason Statham is quickly becoming the 21st century's Bruce Willis -- I am convinced that when the apocalypse comes, the only things left surviving on the planet will be cockroaches and this Derbyshire-born bloke.
It never pretends like it's going to be anything more or better than what you expect, and it never gives you anything less than totally entertaining gun blasting, car crashing and face smashing. Lots of it.
The Mechanic is like a Beretta loaded with blanks -- quick and brutal but ultimately empty.
In the end, The Mechanic proves that while revenge is a dish best served cold, revenge movies are best served with fire in the belly.
If you enjoy senseless and creative slaughter, the sound of gunfire, the sweet embrace of explosions and the well-muscled-testicle-like visage of Jason Statham, then this movie may well be for you.
Statham has my respect for two reasons: 1) he's one of the few remaining action stars who isn't claiming his pension, and 2) he has yet to star in a Disney movie in which he must babysit projectile-vomiting children.
Statham convincingly breaks faces with effortless ease. It's as if he studied at The Lee Strasberg Institute of Badassery. He is the Stanislavski of neck-stomping.
Some slack was needed for hard edged thriller The Mechanic to truly blossom into a thing of brutal beauty, rather than the cold action film presented before us.
It's a boys' movie with a big bang finish
The assassin gets a conscience in this fast-paced action thriller that offers a few interesting twists between its huge stunts,"
Am I the only one who wouldn't mind seeing Jason Statham play something besides a coolly efficient butt kicking machine?
A serviceable, if brutal assassin action pic whose formula flaws are easy to overlook with Jason Statham and Ben Foster involved.
A substantial improvement over its impossibly dull predecessor...
Clinging to false heroism and terrified of anything too dark, The Mechanic is a tough-guy movie for wimps.
'The Mechanic' is kind of a remake of a 1970s-era Charles Bronson movie. And it's kind of a vehicle for Jason Statham, who has cemented his reputation as a tough-guy action star in the 'Transporter' and 'Crank' series.
Its black heart is in the right place.
Statham is a model of control; he's steely and graceful in his action scenes, and his interplay with the wiry Foster delivers the goods.
Ramping up the action, and forsaking a bit of credibility, may seem like a cop-out, but it's an enjoyable one all the same, albeit, hardly groundbreaking as action films go.
The Mechanic provides a killer fix for a boring afternoon.
takes a few moments for social commentary in the form of a zaftig cult leader with a weakness for double-fudge cake and 18-year-olds, but the point of the exercise is a rollicking good time
Yet one more formula flick about a taciturn killer who, despite his penchant for slaying and maiming, actually turns out to be the kind of nice guy you might consider Friending on Facebook.
Tomb Raider maestro Simon West's remake of the 1972 action thriller can't be bothered with nuance, intrigue, or piquant detail.
A mixture of hackneyed script, explicit violence and a plot with no thrust.
Exceedingly violent action remake also has sex, drinking.
[The] plot feels like a standard issue R-rated action picture from the 1970s, which is not a good thing when the current year is 2011.
Nobody delivers the action thriller goods better than Jason Statham
If the action didn't work, it would be as forgettable as the film that spawned it. But Simon West's shiny and swift direction, inspired by Tony Scott sensationalism and invigorated by a Louisiana blues score, just about manages to grip.
Like the original, it is a moody, atmospheric film, one boasting significantly more depth than your typical blow-'em-up.
A solid, unremarkable action movie and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.
It's nuts-and-bolts action cinema, of the kind that does a job come Saturday night: on the Stath-o-meter, nothing so delirious as Crank, but a marked improvement on the Transporters.
Won't win any prizes at charm school but delivers the goods.
An efficient thriller with certain intellectual pretensions.
If you do want an ambiguous thriller about the inner lives of hitmen, watch the original Mechanic. If you just want a flashy modern action film, the new one will do.
Contains the line: "I'm gonna put a price on your head so big, when you look in the mirror your reflection's gonna want to shoot you in the face." That's pure action-movie dialogue poetry. No way am I not giving a film with that in it a thumbs up.
Ben Foster knows how to simmer as well as go berserk on camera with the best of them, and his performance here gives him plenty of opportunity to show off those acting chops.
This is pulp fiction territory, where torturing people to get information is par for the course, and opening fire may summon your victim's bodyguards but never the police.
Check your brain at the door and enjoy.
If you are the best of the best, it's probably not a good idea to add a drunk psychopath as your partner.
There's nothing to the plot and to describe in detail the action scenes would take the fun out of the experience for action fans who couldn't care less what the story's about anyway.
This is a movie you seek out for action rather than acting and character development. It provides a great escape from the winter doldrums.
The Mechanic is revenge served up well enough to blast the winter blues away.
I feel more comfortable forking over my twelve dollars for a movie by Jason Statham than I do for a movie by just about anyone else.
The remake of The Mechanichas no guts at all. It wants to make a happy, shiny, feel-good hit man movie while pretending to be all badass.
The Mechanic threatens to deviate from the Statham Action Movie Template, but only for about 40 minutes.
The 2011 film, by comparison, is a tightly wound, more stylish creature.
The new stunts are explosive, over-the-top and a sign of the times -- action fans aren't happy these days, it seems, unless at least one scene involves a jackknifing 18-wheeler and a fireball.
The Mechanic is well acted and provides plenty of gunfights and explosions but the action sequences are underwhelming, the plot lacks focus and the overall effect is disappointing.
Director Simon West makes Statham and Foster sexy, sexy, ruthless killers. I want this to be Statham's next franchise. Foster sexiness vibrates through a lousy haircut, bad facial hair, and a creepy cap.
While I wouldn't go so far as to call The Mechanic truly dull, it's definitely missing what has made other Statham action vehicles stand out so well: creativity.
Donald Sutherland and Ben Foster: you're so good you're distracting me from the film.
Watching Statham in action is always worth the price of admission.
If Bronson moved to the cadence of a death march, a drawn-out requiem for an executioner losing his taste for the work, Statham's hurtles toward a climax that's less diabolical but more satisfying.
Betrayal, sympathy and regret are central to the story, but there's hardly any room for such feelings amid the clockwork carnage.
The interplay between dry Arthur and crazy, caustic Steve is what makes the movie fun.
The Mechanic is marked by relentless blood-letting and violence, with in-your-face crashes and explosions and all the other wild-eyed and utterly illogical activity that makes good action/adventure so exhilarating to watch.
The elements were in place to do much better, and The Mechanic eventually succumbs to its lost potential.
The Arthur/Steve relationship at the movie's heart is what lifts The Mechanic above the common run of kablammo! action thrillers.
It's flash without the sizzle, an appetizer without the main course, and by the time it was finished setting itself up for the requisite sequel I was mentally already halfway out the door to forgetting about it completely.
There just isn't enough consistent energy to light up the glum, generic plot or enliven the one-dimensional performances.
A weak script and a fumbled climax seriously deflate what could have been an explosive thriller.
Despite all his high-octane assignments, the only imperfection Statham receives is the crow's feet on his face. That's because his invincible shield protects him from all the rest of the body-razing annihilation that his person should have endured.
Jason Statham needs to get a tune-up, switch gears and hit the gas.
Granted, this is not Oscar material, and it is very violent, but I enjoyed it for what it is --- a fast-paced, shoot-em-up that's meant to help you forget the winter doldrums
It's all a bit convoluted and preposterous, but Statham and especially Foster make a great tandem of assassins.
If you've already seen the Bronson vehicle that was released almost 40 years ago (or if you're an action fan in general) you won't be in for many surprises, but that doesn't mean the new rendition is lacking in entertainment value or nail-biting suspense.
...a thrill ride, running on an empty tank.
A solid if unnecessary and compromised remake of the 1972 existential hitman thriller...
The result is just good enough to pass as an action flick you watch with the forgiving gaze that comes from too many beers and too little sleep.
Mindless brutal mayhem, signifying very little
'The Mechanic is your basic action movie - earning its R-rating via sex, nudity and violence. Everything you could ask for, other than an engaging story or characters that will keep you interested throughout the entire film.
There is a line of dialogue said by Tony Goldwyn's character that is worth the entire price of admission! Other than that, the rest of the film is mediocre at best.
Jason Statham, with his growling, British accent and his working class looks, is one of the best action heroes in years, and he steps easily into Charles Bronson's shoes.
Jason Statham doesn't stretch much as an actor. He doesn't have to. His taciturn delivery and bullet-headed intensity make him the perfect star for the current amped-up trend in action movies.
The auteur who gave us Con Air... is back, extending his cinema terrible of violent, unthinking nihilism and brutal, pointless action. Oh, and misogyny for fun. Hoorah!
Even by the sloppy, soulless standards of hit man movies, "The Mechanic" is a mess.
Statham has at least three more movies coming out this year. I bet at least one of them will be better.
Considerably more fun than the rather lethargic original.
"The Mechanic," 2011 edition, is a striking-looking work, combining an arty inkiness with a retro-graininess that more or less screams 1970s, albeit without the cliches and flatness. If only you liked the people in the picture.
...services its action like an insensitive lover - hard, rough and fast. But its one-night-stand approach to the genre probably won't attract the loyalty Luc Besson's seductively Euro-trashy Transporter flicks have earned.
A sputtering remake in need of a more powerful recharge.
Less frenetic than your usual Jason Statham action franchise film, this remake of the 1972 Charles Bronson/Jan-Michael Vincent vehicle is more of the kind of character-driven suspense audiences often say they want.
With "The Mechanic," Statham has found a vehicle nicely suited to his narrow but nevertheless real talents.
The film doesn't break a centimeter of new ground, but its stripped-down mayhem and more-nuanced-than-necessary performances are a modest surprise.
To the extent it makes sense, it's a collection of time-honored cliches, and to the extent that it's original, "The Mechanic" is insane, bordering on gloriously insane.
Why hire Simon West and then not let him try to make another Con Air? That's just cruel, for all concerned.
As a January time-waster you could do worse, but it's long past time to start demanding more of this genre than shoddily-written revenge stories shot with the bungee cam.
The first legitimate action film of 2011.
The only hitman movie I've ever seen that has a "taking your puppy to a coffee shop" montage.
What are we supposed to take away from the film? Director Simon West would probably prefer that we not bother to think about it, or anything, at all.
Mr. Statham, the specialist in English tough guys who was so affecting in "The Bank Job," has more to offer than "The Mechanic" has the grace to receive.
Not nearly as fun as an action movie starring Jason Statham from the director of "Con Air" should be.
West's slick, fairly faithful new remake gives partial screenplay credit to Lewis John Carlino, who wrote the original "Mechanic." But the picture isn't likely to do for Jason Statham what the 1972 film did for Bronson.
Overly stylized and slick, with a few moments of brutal simplicity.
An intermittently arresting, mostly standard action entry that deals death noisily more than cleverly - a lot like the original.
...may be preposterous at times, but it exudes style and swagger.
Over the past decade or so, Jason Statham has morphed from French Connection clothes-horse to Brit-pic also-ran to international action hero - and after sitting through The Mechanic I can semi-see why.
Engineered to do exactly what you want: smash, crash and gurn. Another B-movie franchise for The Stath? Quite possibly.
Slick, swift and edgy enough to keep you glued.
When it comes to the vehicle of an action movie, Statham is a first-rate mechanic.
People who think they don't make movies like they used to should check out The Mechanic, a persuasive replica of a 1970s B-film with much of the same genre splatter.
To paraphrase Roger Murtaugh, 43-year-old Jason Statham might be getting too old for this bone-crunching, head-smashing, action-thriller nonsense
While that pop mythology was still relatively fresh back in Bronson's day, it's so played out at this point that not even the enjoyably no-nonsense Statham can pump any life into it.
It's about gunplay and pricey sports cars bursting into flames while three or four cameras capture the moment. In slo-mo. Cue the cool music.
There's really no clear reason why a remake was warranted or why Statham, so exquisitely calibrated to action-comedy weirdness, would sign on to rehash the (far better) past glories of humorless Seventies action flicks.
Statham and Foster play off each other nicely, and director Simon West strikes a playful balance between carnage and conviviality, gore and gregariousness.
It's a fairly entertaining action flick, fun for the superficial swill that it is.
A sleek, brutally succinct thriller that showcases Jason Statham's sly talent for being just that little bit better than he has to be in roles that favor brawn over brains.
How much longer can Statham keep afloat unremarkable action pictures? Will he ever burst out of his comfort zone and surprise us?
The Company Men with guns, but no families or pensions. All they have is their job, and retirement literally equals death.
Glitzy trash, a violent bauble so ludicrous and over-the-top that it reeks of Luc Besson's influence.
If you called it dumb fun, you'd be half right.
Credit this action flick with self-awareness: It doesn't try to dazzle with deep meditations on aging assassins filled with regret. This is a movie devoted to celebrating mayhem, which it does with straightforward flair.
This is a superficially chic offering, which skips along pacily enough but leaves very little impression.
Standard Statham stuff.
Let's not denigrate the term "action film" by applying it to the remake signed by director Simon West. This is a violence film, not an action film.
Haven't we already had enough movies about solitary, enigmatic hit men? Is there anything possibly left to do with the genre that's new?
"The Mechanic" tells a story as old as "Hamlet" in a style as new as unbaked bread. What's the point?
Adding more explosions and gunplay doesn't make the story any more interesting.
The movie has about as much of a story and character motivation as the video game Pac-Man, but that's OK.
A mechanic seems like a thinking man's occupation. The Mechanic, though, barely has a thought in its head.
'The Mechanic' is the prototypical early year action movie-nothing more and nothing less. Statham, who again plays an infallible, lethal bad-ass, seems to have carved his niche as the current go-to guy for B-movie action flicks.
The look and feel of this version has a gritty Seventies edge that makes it feel less like a remake and more like a tribute to the original.
Depth of character is an afterthought: The principal dilemma our heroes face is, how best to eliminate the next faceless goon that enters our path? To which the answer invariably is: Use the gun.
The Mechanic is adequate light entertainment for those who enjoy thrillers, but it is uneven and the underwhelming ending will disappoint those who enjoyed the delicious irony served up by its predecessor.
Statham, the British star of the Transporter and Crank films and an old favorite of Guy Ritchie, has a quietly fierce physicality, a stylish masculinity that makes him appealing to both men and women.
The Mechanic is my kind of action movie: nasty, brutish, brisk and ass-kicking.
The Mechanic is ham-fisted pulp, like Robert Rodriguez's Machete taking itself seriously.
Statham is, in his understated way, a satisfying action star, stoically going about his business. Foster is just a flat-out good actor, as anyone who saw his work in "The Messenger" or "3:10 to Yuma" can attest.
The new version delivers in a far more conventional way, but it does deliver.
While The Mechanic doesn't retool the formula of a hit man movie, it certainly serves it up better than expected.
Frantic, numbing redo of the Charles Bronson original for hardcore Statham and action fans only.
Mostly, The Mechanic creaks and groans as it goes through the motions, and not even its lavish violence -- which includes much smashing of heads and a nasty screwdriver stabbing -- is particularly electrifying.
The Mechanic has the right tone for an action movie. The characters take it all seriously, but the story just goes wildly over the top for the sake of creating awesome set pieces.
When it's smashing up the joint, repelling from skyscrapers, or spraying bullets, the film is hypnotic, deploying a sure hand of violence that keeps matters visceral, splattering blood everywhere.
That scowl on Jason Statham's face may not have budged a millimetre since Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, but his latest action flick proves that his grim Cockney-lout routine can still be plenty effective.
Sure, we've seen the whole "criminal caught in a moral crisis" before. Luckily, this time around, everyone ignores the ethos and just kicks ass.
Despite the dependably uber-cool presence of Jason Statham, The Mechanic doesn't wield enough inventiveness or attitude to fix its overriding sense of familiarity.
Expecting logic from the director of the wonderful Con Air is not the wisest move, yet Simon West frequently depicts events in such a baffling manner that one wonders whether someone snuck into the editing suite with a pair of scissors.
Based on the 1972 thriller starring Charles Bronson, this Mechanic is a far more nuts and bolts job, eschewing the surreal atmosphere of Michael Winner's original.
Depth of character is traded for bloody broad strokes.
You won't get better than average with The Mechanic, you'll get exactly average.
An impressively made action drama that is tense, exciting and excellently performed.
It proves middling, and occasionally muddled, on almost every level.
A summer popcorn flick for the winter: This loose remake of the 1972 Charles Bronson actioner is an unpretentious generic feature that delivers the basic goods and serves as suitable star vehicle for Jason Statham
With its unrelenting violence and obligatory bonking sessions, this is one for avid 'Stath' fans only.
Better than The Transporter but not as much fun as Crank.
If more dutiful than dynamic, it does fix what was previously broke, making over its subpar predecessor into a generic yet serviceable Statham vehicle.
[VIDEO] Anything you do, don't underestimate "The Mechanic." This is one badass movie.

@highlight

Jason Statham and Ben Foster turn in enjoyable performances, but this superficial remake betrays them with mind-numbing violence and action thriller cliches.