Although the voices were well-chosen, the action scenes set on Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco have, without doubt, their particular charm... the movie in general leaves a lot to be desired. [Full review in Spanish]
There's good fun to be had at Monsters vs. Aliens, and it carries a worthwhile message about how everyone is a person of worth, no matter how tall, furry, bug-eyed or tentacled.
A typically slick effort from DreamWorks Animation...
As a child who loathed the wholesomeness of Disney and wholeheartedly embraced the madcap antics of Bugs Bunny, Wile E. Coyote and Daffy Duck this film was perfect for me.
A Mad Magazine style action adventure film...
The film has some serious problems, the first being - and yes, I feel ridiculous for even attributing this complaint to a film with the above title - a completely pat narrative that seriously lacks character development
Me quedé con hambre de más y es que siento que Dreamworks, fuera del verde Shrek, no ha encontrado la fórmula para darle verdadera batalla a Disney Pixar.
Inked more by its influences than originality, "Monsters" gets exhaustive with its rapid-fire references. That said, if this works as a shiny primer to one day introduce children to classic sci-fi, satire, fantasy and anime, well, more power to it.
Not as wonderful as Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens is the next best thing that DreamWorks Animation has produced.
...for kids Monsters vs. Aliens has a lot of color and action, and it's not too scary. Fair enough. As long as you're a kid.
A happy, family-friendly movie without a mean bone in its mutated body, even though it features a giant killer robot machine and its four-eyed alien squid master, a megalomaniac who's out to kill and/or enslave all of humanity.
The real reason to see this movie is the stunning 3-D craftsmanship.
Monsters Vs. Aliens has plenty of lively animation and a handful of solid jokes. It is not of a caliber of most of the Pixar films, but, at times, it comes close.
This movie was comfortably middle of the road. While Dreamworks has frankly annoyed me to the point of almost-boycott, they can't forever turn out such drivel, right? Monsters Vs Aliens is not poo at all, it's not bad. It's not going to set the world o
It continues to be a banner year for animation, with "Monsters vs. Aliens" proving to be a fast-paced and witty family adventure that simultaneously pays homage to and pokes fun at all those cheesy science fiction films from the 1950s.
A film that relies more on gimmicks than on plotting.
moiazei me mikser poy o kathenas petakse mesa tin idea toy me ligo seloteip gia na kollisei
It's too bad the new 3D glasses can't fix sloppy writing.
The girl power undertones, like much of the movie itself, is not unwelcomed but feels uninspired.
Monsters vs. Aliens still packs a sufficient amount of jolting jocularity that is sure to satisfy the entertaining mindsets of youngsters and oldsters alike...a zesty escapist treat
Not only spectacularly well made but frequently very funny.
...fun, funny, and a genuine for-all-ages animation.
If you are looking for a diversionary flick you can take the kids to and everybody comes out having had a good time, this is perfect.
The latest cartoon from DreamWorks isn't a classic, but it makes the grade for Easter viewing.
Monsters vs. Aliens targets smart-ass kids and is overly referential, but provides decent family entertainment.
Monsters vs. Aliens is both a spoof and celebration of mid-century creature features, offering positive, if well-worn, "messages for the kids."
The voice casting is superb, with Hugh Laurie and Seth Rogen the standouts along with Witherspoon. There's also plenty of amazing action. The epic battle over the Golden Gate bridge is as exciting as any top live-action movie.
Given that the film was sold as the biggest kind of spectacle, it's disappointing though not surprising that it's so barbarically typical.
Susan is a character with real, um, weight...
This bright and lively computer-animated 3D comedy-adventure gives the masters of animation at Pixar a run for their box office riches.
For me, the other characters in 'Monsters Vs. Aliens' fail to measure up to B.O.B.-- who's voiced to amusing perfection by Seth Rogen.
This is a movie that will more than delight the younger tykes.
...the first really memorable film of 2009, and clearly the most fun.
Monsters vs Aliens is skilfully animated and spasmodically funny, but you get the impression the film's seven (!) writers ran out of ideas two-thirds of the way through.
A comprehensively entertaining package. If there's a lack of originality, the film is bolstered by the sheer verve of the animation and effects.
Engagingly nerdy movie in-jokes are clearly a step in the right direction for DreamWorks after the rather crass and bombastic approach of the Shrek movies.
It's all very good value, although I have a vague feeling that a gallery of freaky sci-fi creatures, as in Monsters Inc, may not engage the young audience's sympathies as much as humanoids. Great fun, anyway.
The movie never grows a heart, which doesn't stop it trying to tattoo one onto its chest. By the whizz-bang climax inside the alien mothership, I was fidgeting like a four-year-old at Cosi fan tutte.
Heart and soul are sacrificed for sequences of loud characters pinballing across the screen in search of an easy laugh. The whole endeavour is an unsubtle, in your face CG-animated assault from DreamWorks.
Despite being second out of the 3D traps after Bolt, their first special-specs-required outing is at least as eye-catching as Pixar's Oscar-nominated pacesetter. Occasionally, it's even better.
DreamWorks Animation tries something new, but we prefer its talking-animal comedies Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda.
A snappy script and some neat 3D make for an above-average romp with plenty of in-jokes for cineastes and fan-boys alike.
It should do well for a kids' audience, with a few laugh-out-loud funny moments and a smattering of kitsch 80s references for adults...nothing particularly inventive about it, though.
Ginormica is a mighty female role model in more ways than one. She, and this film, are tremendous.
DreamWorks still has a lot to learn about the superior powers of immersion exerted by a well-told story.
Since this is a film for children, we know with virtual certainty that nobody we care about will come to harm. But there's no reason this deft fantasy shouldn't appeal to adults as well.
This is probably THE family film of the year so far and it's one that has enough grown up (and by that I don't mean rude) gags to ensure that adults enjoy this too. The script is razor sharp and the voice cast is spot one.
The kids may not get all the references, but theyâ(TM)ll enjoy the spectacular action and broad comedy, especially if they manage to see it in 3D.
They're outweighed by moments of real, albeit surreal, charm - like when gelatinous BOB chats up a dish of pineapple jelly at a pool party - that would melt the heart of even a sentient blob of gloop.
The voice cast has been well chosen, with everyone delivering their lines with just the right mix of satire and seriousness. It all makes for a horrifyingly humorous hour-and-a-half.
Besides a big heart, it has outstanding 3-D action sequences
This Easter digimation romp is big on action and slapstick, small on charm, tiny on wit and endurability; unless you are nine, when anything goes.
Aficianadoes of 1950s monster movies should have a ball spotting all the references. All anyone else requires is a taste for good fun.
Fast-moving and sweet-natured with some healthy messages about tolerance and female empowerment, Monsters Vs Aliens is a lot of fun.
It's the predictable, colourful mix of kiddie-aimed slapstick and wise-cracking adult-aimed one-liners, although for once the life lessons are pleasingly underplayed.
This lively story about a young girl who gets hit by a meteor on her wedding day that turns her into a giant is certainly wacky enough.
The film lacks the soft, friendly edge of something like Monsters, Inc and sags a little after the first big fight, but it's gigantic fun nevertheless.
Enjoyable, frequently funny comedy with strong, likeable characters, impressive animation and a script that's packed with both terrific gags and subtle movie references for film fans.
With a sharply funny script, vivid characters and eye-popping imagery, this is a raucously enjoyable animated film
Kids will adore the flash 3D visuals, brilliant action sequences and ace sight gags. Mums, dads and others will relish the quickfire dialogue-some of the best we've heard for a while in any film-and the affectionate nods to sci-fi of times past.
The animation is spectacular and the action full on. The monsters are cute and lovable even though they're still pretty ugly.
Monsters vs Aliens is still unlikely to blow your mind, but it will make you bust a gut laughing, and that's certainly something worth celebrating in animation.
Spielberg references, action, humor, romance and 3D. What more do you want from a family-friendly flick?
I think many young children will learn from this film without even realizing they're being taught something.
MONSTERS VS ALIENS comes so close to being something truly special, but even as a movie that's just enjoyably above average it beats the pants off everything else that Dreamworks has done so far.
a brightly colored mash-up of pop-culture gags that speeds at you so fast and furiously that it feels like a rush even if you can't remember much about it the next day
A terrific idea with the heart sucked out.
3-D debris (both animal and mineral) fly out of the screen every minute or so. Best wear an apron if you're suggestible.
There's nothing really wrong with it, but there is a lot that isn't quite right.
In what other movie do you get shout-outs to "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Beverly Hills Cop" in the same frame. "Monsters vs. Aliens" might be a better time capsule of kitsch than an actual movie.
On the bright side, it's short.
The 3-D effects look great, no doubt, but the film ultimately falls victim to a contrived, unoriginal plot that just shows once again how far behind Disney/Pixar, DreamWorks Animation is.
In the case of Monsters v. Aliens--henceforth to be referred to as 'Monsters Vs. Aliens'--we find in favor of monsters.
The 3-D enhances the movie rather than detracting from it and that is not always the case.
The jokes are good; the animation is fine; the 3-D is awesome. But still the film fails to make a monster or an alien as powerful a character as the little clownfish Marlin from FINDING NEMO.
I was hoping Monsters Vs. Aliens would turn out to be a documentary about the Trial Lawyers Association against the Taliban. Maybe both sides would get wiped out?
With a title like Monsters Vs. Aliens, [it] tells you exactly what it's going to be. Yet so did Snakes on a Plane, and somehow that movie managed to disappoint as well.
In short, if you're going to see Monsters vs. Aliens, the only way to do it is in 3D. Looking back, I think I'd be miserable just watching a 2D screening of this movie.
[The voice cast] really delivered funny line after funny line throughout this.
Monsters Vs Aliens made me feel like a big kid again.
Shallow, lighthearted, funny romp, but aimed more at juveniles and adults than young children.
As I took off my gray-lensed 3-D spectacles at the end of Monsters vs. Aliens, I felt not so much immersed as fuzzy with exhaustion.
It's an affectionate, fairly funny riff on 1950s sci-fi movies, which often featured aliens, sometimes in the form of gelatinous glop, trying to take over Earth before earthlings, usually of the military variety, save the day.
Pleasant but often pedestrian.
This uber-high-concept piece of computer-generated animation is so good-natured that you want to like it, but it is not nearly so all-fired exciting and funny as it intends to be. Fortunately...you will be rewarded with enough great moments and old-movie
Attack of the 50 Foot Shrug.
Monsters Vs. Aliens is a fine rainy-Sunday diversion, but if you want real monster and alien fun, hit up Netflix and rent some of the classics that inspired it.
A loud, rushed, choppy, silly, colorful Nintendo game of a movie. And it could have been DreamWorks' version of "The Incredibles."
Hollywood is going overboard with animated films this year and it's going to wear thin really quick. This isn't a bad movie it's just really generic.
A wholesome family flick that everybody can enjoy, provided mom and dad are willing to turn off their brains when they put on the 3-D glasses.
Monsters vs. Aliens is genetically engineered to appeal to young and old alike. That's not how you make an animated classic, though.
There is something magical about watching a well-made 3-D feature film--even one with a less than stellar script--to listen to the ooh's and ahs and giggles generated by kids in a sold-out theater.
The ongoing advances in animation make it easier for filmmakers to create worlds we can get lost in, which is exactly what happens here.
As the first out of the gate, this family-friendly movie is a legitimate contender for best animated feature film.
Original. Clever. Brilliant. Insert your own adjective here. Monsters Vs. Aliens is flat out the funniest flick of the year.
All the great animation and swell 3D effects in the world can't save a movie with a dull, uninspired storyline.
You'll probably take your kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens, but you might have more fun seeing the movie without them.
Thanks to some splendid vocal work by its all-star cast and some truly marvelous 3-D effects this family epic is a definite good time, kids and adults alike sure to find plenty to enjoy and little to be disappointed about.
Plenty of giggles and thrills to keep the kiddies happy while a clever script filled with nods to the alien invasion movies of the 1950s will keep their parents in stitches.
It's about a tenth as entertaining as, say, Monsters, Inc. -- one of the lesser Pixar movies -- and it doesn't reach the same heights as DreamWorks' previous monster franchise, Shrek.
Monsters vs Aliens is a step backwards in storytelling, compared to the studio's own Shrek film franchise or any Pixar production.
Now, I know I can't predict the future, nor do I have a Magic 8 Ball at my disposal, but I just don't see how Up will be able to outperform the sensational Monsters vs. Aliens, which is one monster mash that truly is a graveyard smash.
I am strong, I am invincible, I am woman takes on a whole new meaning at 50 feet tall.
This is an example of a mainstream studio blockbuster done right%u2014it effectively balances humor and action, as well as small character beats with big set-pieces.
At the altar... Susan sprouts to just under 50 feet tall, taking out the church roof and steeple in the process. Next time, raise higher the roof beam, carpenters.
With all the terrific animated movies we've seen in the past few years, this sort of tossed-off dreck is simply not acceptable.
I don't think there are any characters here that a child would love.
Homage to '50s alien flicks too intense for youngest kids.
See it for the dozens of homages to old movie monsters and movie genres.
All in all, Monsters Vs. Aliens has enough colour, motion and mayhem to keep the kids entertained for the required 90 minutes
Heavily touted as an industry breakthrough for 3-D, DreamWorks Animation's clunky and wildly unimaginative Monsters vs. Aliens really doesn't have a clue what to do with the technique.
The 3-D animation, occasional gross-out jokes and way-cool beasties and robots play to every 10-year-old, chronological or just in spirit.
In terms of generating pure, Monstrous laughs this is the year's funniest comedy so far - animated OR live action.
True, the story doesn't amount to much, but the plot tends to take a back seat when you've got a not-quite-50-foot version of Reese Witherspoon duking it out with a mighty alien robot alongside the Golden Gate Bridge.
It's funny and uses newfangled 3-D effects smartly, and if it feels a little thin at times it never drags, lags or preaches.
Shooting a chaotic action scene in an extra dimension definitely adds to the clutter, but does zilch to subtract from the tedium.
Overall, Monsters vs. Aliens is pleasing without being especially hilarious. Some lines fall flat, and a few bits involving B.O.B. are overused. But a lack of zingers is forgivable in a movie of such visual accomplishment.
The cool stuff -- like 3-D and collapsing bridges -- may get filmmakers halfway there, but to make it all the way home, they need the usual movie elements, like a good story and vivid characters, and here Monsters vs. Aliens comes up short.
A big, silly spoof of an animated film, fast and funny and visually dazzling.
As willfully chock-full of the familiar as the animated feature is, it's also a hoot.
It looks good, has some talented people behind the mic, and is visually engaging, but there's nothing memorable about the script at all. The 3D may pop, but the story is flat.
This tale of a plus-plus-plus-sized lady taking on extraterrestrial enemies with the help of some equally oddball friends is an entertaining, funny and emotionally resonant adventure for audiences of all ages.
This film has hidden depths, especially for adults who mistakenly think Monsters vs. Aliens is only for kids.
The dirty little secret is that 3-D is frequently painful. [But] it's a sweet little movie, which is easy to enjoy once your eyes adjust.
The directors, Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon, who also wrote the shabby gag-book script with four other conspirators, simply throw everything at the wall and see if it will stick.
Directors Rob Letterman and Conrad Vernon push so hard for three-dimensionality that they basically have their animators putting sightlines before storylines.
DreamWorks proves it can be a force in the animation genre with its highly entertaining effort here.
Monsters Vs. Aliens is visually pleasing but a sad attempt at entertaining kids. The film is riddled with tired jokes and wasted talent. Wait for the cable viewing.
The true saviors here are the computer artisans and voice actors -- e.g., Seth Rogen and Rainn Wilson -- who bring the story to life.
Despite spectacular visuals and sporadic thrills, Monsters vs. Aliens lacks the consistent fun, inventiveness, wit and big-heartedness found in superior, unforgettable CGI action-adventures such as The Incredibles.
The new 3D animated feature film from Dreamworks is really less of a kids' movie and more of a witty science fiction comedy aimed at fans of cheesy 1950s sci-fi films.
As often happens, the best parts are the smallest -- throwaway moments shine (I particularly enjoyed the self-doubting self-destruct mechanism on the alien ship) while the big set pieces are quickly forgotten.
It does take a long time to explain the story for a movie that's totally summed up in its title.
For a 3-D movie, Monsters vs. Aliens is appallingly one-dimensional.
What begins as a promising homage to classic sci-fi silliness turns into the unwanted answer to the unasked question "What would a Joe Dante film be like without Joe Dante directing it?"
Funny, but stumbles from scene to scene kind of like Lindsay Lohan stumbles out of the Roosevelt Hotel on a Friday night.
Seth Rogen as an animated blob is awesome, just like this action packed animation.
MvA isn't, and isn't pretending to be, as ambitious a project as Pixar's almost universally lauded Wall-E was. But does it have to feel like something that's just rolled off a conveyor belt, made according to an exacting but dull set of specifications?
Three-dimensional sequences, whether animated or live action, can feel more gimmicky than integral to the tale. Happily, such is not the case with the entertaining Monsters vs. Aliens.
The super-duper-3-D-big-screen-Imax-deluxe extravaganza that is Monsters vs. Aliens has bells and whistles, superb technical sophistication and dazzling visual effects, sound, fury and Reese Witherspoon. What it doesn't have is heart.
"Nice" is the adjective that seems to surface most in trying to pin down the film's most salient quality, which means that while the film is enjoyable enough, it is unlikely to become a classic for us, or a Shrek sort of franchise for DreamWorks.
A highly competent, smartly engineered delivery system for the very clichés it pretends to subvert.
The voice performers are clearly having fun. Witherspoon hasn't sounded this free and easy in years, and Stephen Colbert steals scenes as the voice of the U.S. president.
Another fast and funny digitally animated DreamWorks kid flick.
An animated funhouse that delivers on its title and ups its scary-comic impact if you see it in 3-D.
The DreamWorkers can be satisfied with having produced another crowd-pleasing, expert-babysitting vaudeville turn.
The biggest battle in Monsters vs. Aliens is banality vs. originality, and banality carries the day.
An expert blend of silly fun, action that is mostly more exciting than scary, a few clever barbs, and some sheer bravura visuals.
Pilfering everything from Mothra to Attack of the 50 Foot Woman to Men in Black and Monsters, Inc. the script piles on the mayhem and forgets the funny.
As 'Monsters vs. Aliens' demonstrates, 3-D technology is finally coming into its own, used to create a dazzlingly lifelike spectacle that seems to jump off the screen and into the theater beside you.
Do see this movie in 3-D if you can, and don't hesitate to send the kids; there's just enough silly humor to keep them happy.
a clear example of sensational style over underbaked substance
...sparkling animation...a slam dunk staging of a monstrous battle at the Golden Gate Bridge and Seth Rogan's charming vocal interpretation of B.O.B. make this one fun if not fantastic.
While it has a crisp 3-D look and nice vocal performances, this action-comedy will seem fresh only to 8-year-olds -- though it may give parents an excuse to introduce some of the '50s horror movies it parodies.
Monsters vs. Aliens tries very hard to entertain every demographic in the audience, although it's at its most enjoyable when it's not trying quite so hard.
The bigger-than-life concept, out-of-this-world voice cast (led by Reese Witherspon) and eye-gouging 3-D visuals make MvA worth attacking.
A wispy-thin but suitably quick-witted homage to the science-fiction genre, Monsters vs. Aliens is not up to par with the best of Pixar and Disney, but it is a step in the right direction.
It's lively and even dazzling, but it's also more than willing to lazily distract its audience rather than trying anything new.
The latest computer-animated production from DreamWorks is a perfectly acceptable family movie.
Jaunty, jokey, and absolutely bursting with visual energy, it is unquestionably a treat. If it had a more substantial story, it could be a classic.
An amalgam of the vintage sci-fier Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman and Pixar's Monsters Inc., Monsters vs. Aliens is a goofy computer-animated romp that works just fine in the traditional moviegoing format.
[I]sn't trying to be deep: that's just an unintended side effect (and one the audience can safely ignore, if it wants to) when you riff on just about every monster movie ever made and do it this cleverly...
A pleasant experience that's never annoying but also rarely more than mildly thrilling.
The multilayered picture tends to have a gently immersive effect, akin to a stroll through the world's most expensive diorama.
It's a predictable updating of the 50-foot-woman idea, but it doesn't go very deep. DreamWorks go for jokes first, action second, resonance third or not at all.
Visual gimmicks and puns change from decade to decade, but worthwhile ideals go on forever.
Children won't get the references to atomic-age monster movies, but the film offers more than nostalgia: there are slyly funny performances by Seth Rogen as an omnivorous blue blob and Stephen Colbert as the U.S. president.
The result traffics in rote truisms (love the skin you're in; leave no man behind; etc.) that are admirable but perfunctory.
Visually awesome and eye-popping, particularly if you catch it in IMAX 3_D.
Has one character that really matters - Ginormica - and no relationships to speak of … As a tale of female empowerment and male comeuppance, Monsters might have been provocative, like, 50 years ago.
Fond 3D salute to old-fashioned monster and alien movies, with a little girl power adding to the demographic, should be a solid hit for DreamWorks Animation.
Monsters vs. Aliens is possibly the most commercial title of the year. How can you resist such a premise, especially if it's in 3-D animation? Very readily, in my case.
Monsters vs. Aliens may lack a bit of heart, but it more than compensates with intelligent humor.
Monsters vs. Aliens has amazing 3D, solid gags, wacky concepts and great animation; I just wish that at some point along the way someone had been as passionate about the story as they were about the spectacle.
The movie ably disguises its conventional kids' fare premise in a clever satiric shell.
A surprisingly dull affair.
It also contains a (very big) surprise: a female hero, the sort which hardly ever appears in movies like this.
The standards for this genre are much higher than they used to be, and unhappily this movie, though amiable enough, just doesn't scale the heights.
A 3D animated family film that allows us to cheer for a female superhero and her companions.
A lightweight saga about not being a doormat to egomaniacal men and embracing your, um, inner superpowered 50-foot-tall monster?
If the difference between a movie and an ad is substantial character, excitement and story, then Monsters vs. Aliens is officially a toy commercial.
A cracking animated comedy that takes wonderful care of its characters and pace, presenting a brisk, frequently hilarious romp that rarely pauses to reflect. The simplicity is refreshing.
You don't need a child as an excuse to see Monsters vs.Aliens, a delightfully goofy sci-fi spoof with a strong voice cast and a consistently witty script.
The script -- an affectionate spoof of 1950s sci-fi -- is funny, exciting (especially in IMAX 3-D) and has a nice visual texture.
Kids and their parents will thrill at the sheer loud spectacle and inventiveness of it all . . .
Funny, insouciant and loaded with charm, Monsters vs. Aliens is the kind of blockbuster spectacle you wish came along every summer.
Sure there are some good jokes here, and the voice talent is stellar, but the words coming out of their mouths and the combination of all of the ridiculous elements make for a very forgettable experience that will do nothing more than serve as a 90-minute
...has a shlocky, sci-fi title that's straight from the 1950s, and the more affection you have for that period, the more you'll appreciate the movie.
There's something about Susan.
The humor is dry, the sentiment unapologetic, and the absurdity sublime
Though the movie's action beats are underdeveloped, they've successfully poured all of their creativity into making us laugh.
I liked it more than anything Pixar has made the last five years.
Monsters vs. Aliens sacrifices soul and edge for safety and bland blue goo.
Sure, the film is sweet and harmless but, take away the 3D, and all you're left with is a generic kids' movie.
Just because digital 3-D technology is improving doesn't mean animated movies are getting better.
Don't overthink Monsters vs. Aliens. Just enjoy it.
The action scenes are downright thrilling, the storytelling is brisk and witty, the homages to alien and monster movies funny and affectionate.
It's not great -- but it's not bad -- and it's the first DreamWorks animated flick that won't feel dated by the time it hits home video.
The grandeur of the effects -- the honest-to-God spectacle of the thing -- elevates Monsters vs. Aliens to something approaching art. It's not a masterpiece, but it's most certainly a milestone.
With a witty script and a collection of adorable characters, Monsters doesn't have a lot of emotional depth, but it's a well-designed crowd-pleaser.
Classic creatures from the 1950s get a high-tech makeover, with a healthy amount of attitude, in the 3-D animated Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cute and clever and often entertaining, but never quite lives up to the potential of the premise nor is it as funny as you might hope based on the talent involved.
Evidence that 3D animation is here to stay, Monsters vs. Aliens is a blast of eye-popping color and goofy characters that tips the scales a tad too far into violent realms to validate its purpose.
While the jokes take a back seat to the action in the film's big climax, there are earlier moments that rank among the most fighting-for-breath funny stuff I've seen at the movies in ages.
By the DVD release -- and definitely by next year -- audiences will demand more effort than everyone at DreamWorks (excluding the animators) seems willing to exert.
As with any good cartoon, the animators mix visual stunts with rimshot-worthy one-liners and verbal gags.
A host of minor issues, none of them too debilitating on its own, combine to create a feeling of moderate underachievement.
This is a typical DreamWorks animation (to be seen in 3D): light, playful, self-reflexive with nostalgic view of 50s sci-fi and horror, in which the freshness is not so much in ideas as in the actors and voices, dominated by sexy and shapely Witherspoon.
Jumping yet another notch, this 3D animation is great technology in service of entertaining storytelling -- the result is a jaw dropping fantasy in which the filmmakers have happily kept the novelties of 3D to a minimum.
Sure storytelling takes second place - the visuals are always the Main Event, but there's plenty to keep youngsters and their parents engrossed...




@highlight

Though it doesn't approach the depth of the best animated films, Monsters Vs. Aliens has enough humor and special effects to entertain moviegoers of all ages.