Pearl Jam Twenty may not create new fans, but for existing fans, it's an exceptional musical experience.
It is a huge missed opportunity on Crowe's part. In his attempt to show the best traits of a band he is obviously very enamored with, he's wound up with a pretty lackluster film.
Very few music documentaries in the history of the form have more successfully conveyed the inner workings and outer artistic expression of a band than Cameron Crowe's brilliant Pearl Jam Twenty.
[Crowe] merely wants to capture the personalities, the songs and the shows.
With noticeable gaps between the telling of its first decade and its second, Pearl Jam Twenty didn't necessarily need to be a feature, but is a really lovely fan letter to a band that's worked hard for the devotion and respect it receives.
Crowe has assembled some top-drawer ephemera -- old show posters, home movies, and candid backstage footage -- but he overestimates his audience's patience for present-day talking-head interviews.
With its intimacy and (this can't be emphasized enough) fantastic sound, Pearl Jam Twenty is like two hours spent rediscovering the band through excellent headphones.
If only it was about something other than rockers almost irked they got famous.
In a better film, Crowe would have played journalist instead of fan boy.
By the time "Pearl Jam Twenty" is over we can't help but be impressed by the kind of personal and professional integrity that has kept the band honest and allowed them to endure and prosper.
While the movie may not have the insight of D. A. Pennebaker's "Don't Look Back" or even Phil Joanou's U2 travelogue, "Rattle and Hum," Pearl Jam devotees will not go home musically unnourished.
If Pearl Jam Twenty has its share of hyperbole, it's leavened with humor, self-deprecating commentary, and a deep-pockets budget's worth of great clips.
A great introduction to the band as well as a great recap for the fans who have been there all along the way.
What makes Pearl Jam Twenty a little better than the average fan-friendly documentary is that Crowe focuses on the more significant parts of the Pearl Jam story.
For the biggest fans, it may be the single best movie going experience you will have this year
Cameron Crowe's chronicle of the Seattle grunge quintet's first two decades is undeniably thorough - even offshoot Temple of the Dog gets the spotlight - but it's also weirdly self-aggrandizing.
Perhaps Pearl Jam's arc too closely resembles Crowe's own, and he can't see what's so uniquely poignant about dimmed but enduring stars.
Any enterprise like this is inherently self-congratulatory, but the film is best considered from Crowe's perspective: that of a fan.
A loving, gracefully crafted retrospective that shrewdly eschews Behind the Music conventions at most turns.
Crowe, a former Rolling Stone reporter, wastes unprecedented access to one of modern rock's most private, compelling and enigmatic acts to create little more than a promotional video for Pearl Jam's non-stop tours.
Despite surrendering to sentimental fandom, Crowe thoughtfully touches on greyer areas...
Entertaining, well made documentary that's a treat for fans thanks to its wealth of rarely seen footage and newly filmed interviews...
The music's the thing and Crowe lets it rip.
Vedder is charming, his band rather bland. As trips down memory lane go, it's a bit of a trudge.
Fans will love this energetic documentary tracing more than two decades of the infamous grunge band. But while the film is packed with terrific footage, it's too worshipful for non-fans to take seriously.
PJ is far from the key band of its moment (and where's that movie?), resulting in a doc that feels padded.
A deadly combination of fanboy, friend, and Richie Cunningham, Crowe has zero objectivity about the band

@highlight

Cameron Crowe's fawning documentary is a true boon for Pearl Jam fans, but the band's insistent resistance to fame comes off hollow.