Horrible Bosses 2 is morons on parade.
... does not have the wit that one would expect from a great comedy, but neither is it an empty proposal. [Full review in Spanish]
What can I say, the chaotic camaraderie between the three leads is so infectiously fun, I could watch them stumble through attempted crime all day.
All in all, a decent collection of laughs.
The plot is vague because the audience for a sequel presumably just wants to see more of sex-addict dentist Jennifer Aniston talking dirty (check), Jamie Foxx upending gangsta clichés (check), and the three stars doing a cross-talking routine.
You can't fault three clowns for incompetency. You can fault the direction and script for laziness.
Horrible Bosses 2 is an inferior sequel in nearly every way - it has less laughs, less chemistry, and a much less compelling story, which doesn't even get going until more than halfway through the film.
If you want to define Hollywood mediocrity, it might look something like this: competently shot and executed, but utterly lacking in soul or verve or originality.
There are some laughs to be had (stay for the closing credit bloopers), but the really memorable belly laughs are few and far between.
Rampant racism, misogyny, and homophobia serve as placeholders where actual jokes might have been, with Jennifer Aniston suffering the worst of it.
Arriving to the cinematic Thanskgiving table like that chunky jello salad no one recalls asking for, [it] proves to be more of the same forced, unnecessary comic desperation.
So much idle chatter that it's practically radio--Morning Zoo Crew: The Movie.
The original film had some well-earned laughs. The sequel is a joke, and not a good one.
The movie is just a hodgepodge of badly filmed chases, ridiculous capers and riff-y scenes in which talented comics looking as though they're having great fun talking over each other and drowning each other out -- just not loudly enough.
... tries to coast on the breezy camaraderie of its stars, and while they might have had fun reuniting on screen, little of that enjoyment is passed along to the audience.
The entertainment is watching them think, fumble, stumble, and win. It's what made the original such a success, and it's what makes this sequel at the very least acceptable.
You would think that the addition of new recruits such as Pine and Waltz would uptick the funny factor for Horrible Bosses 2, but the movie never really makes effective use of their talents.
A foul-mouthed, sex-obsessed immature comedy that pushes the boundaries of decency. So, all in all, not a bad Friday-night flick after a hard week's work.
This isn't high art, and no one here is making the mistake of thinking it is. It's crass, illogical and mostly unoriginal. But it's also very funny, and sometimes that's all you need.
...a decent yet slightly underwhelming comedy sequel.
Not even the proven chemistry of its cast can redeem this formulaic comedy con-job, one that's totally unworthy of your time and, perhaps more importantly, your money
'Horrible Bosses 2' is so lazy it's not even about horrible bosses.
The dynamic between the three leading actors makes the far-fetched premise work.
Horrible Bosses 2 is more of the same, yet less.
Horrible Bosses 2 is mostly a good laugh with some comic moments that really sing. But, here's the thing: rape jokes are not funny. And this one left a bad taste.
Horrible Bosses 2 is a buddy film, and to this end, it manages to hit its egregious mark more often than not, understandably invested in the comedic charm of talents Sudeikis, Day and Bateman.
Mishaps and pratfalls ensue, along with many tired jokes about everyone's lack of badassness.
Consistently funny, with a few surprises
It's pretty silly, but I had fun with this madcap comedy, largely due to its likeable cast that lets us tag along with the improbable premise
Horrible Bosses 2 left such a rancid taste in my mouth that it left me reconsidering the fact that I liked Horrible Bosses.
The Coens were never moved to make a second Big Lebowski, but Horrible Bosses 2, this we get.
Not only is Horrible Bosses 2 uninterested in satirizing our country's desperate state of economic uncertainty, it isn't even interested in having any horrible bosses in it.
A problem arises with the sequel, however, when the bosses have already been vanquished in the previous movie.
Sudeikis and Day's dumb-and-dumber shtick feels tired, and Bateman sags under the joyless weight of being the token adult in yet another lowbrow romp beneath his dignity.
The first picture did relatively well, so why not make another? Well, actually, there are many good reasons not to. All of which are highlighted across 108 painful minutes.
This misogynistic revenge fantasy tolls for cheap, vulgar laughs.
Horrible Bosses 2's affected zaniness/stupidity makes it exhausting and ultimately, a mite tedious.
Blimey, this is miserable.
There are a few genuine laughs to be found in Horrible Bosses 2, although viewers will probably have more luck locating gold doubloons in the Myrtle Beach sands.
The production elects for pure laziness, trusting audiences will be sufficiently razzled-dazzled by a return visit to the bottom of the barrel, now 20% deeper.
...has enough confidence in [the] cast's abilities to leave them alone without the desperate tinkering and stunt casting that afflicts so many comedy sequels.
Like The Hangover, Horrible Bosses was a movie no one really wanted to see a sequel to, but here it is anyway: the same film, but even more inane.
This strident, idiotic sequel is more like torture than entertainment - the cinematic equivalent of someone scratching their nails across a blackboard for the best part of two hours.
There are moments of snigger-out-loud comedy, but frankly not enough of them to justify the price of a cinema ticket.
The premise is already played out, and the scattershot fun is strained.
Calling it unfunny doesn't quite do it. It's as if the writers set out to make a movie to actively offend anyone with a sense of humour.
All the cast are good, but Day is still my favourite.
All of Jason Bateman's movies are slowly starting to blend together.
If the comedy isn't as dark as the first film aspired to be, it's at least more even in tone, and the would-be kidnappers are good value.
Clock in and laugh yourself silly.
It's silly, but irresistible.
A waste of talent, a lazy roll over retreaded gags, and a smutty stroll down a street full of racist, sexist and homophobic jokes.
A sequel with a sole and blatant reason to exist, which is that the first one did quite well. They know it, we know it, and they know that we know it.
Horrible Bosses 2 has a few moments, but it's hard to escape the feeling that this film simply didn't need to happen
Bateman, Sudeikis, and Day are so comfortable in these characters that it's easy, as an audience member, to get pulled into their goofy antics.
For a sequel it is anything but horrible. Lots and lots of laughs and a most unique car chase at the climax.
Horrible Bosses 2 has ditched its predecessor's universality, but kept its amiable good will.
Three years after its nauseating - yet popular - original installment, "Horrible Bosses 2" reunites the cast members in a juvenile, generic and outrageously funny sequel.
Horrible Bosses 2 is another fun time with the crazy trio we met in the first film - only it's a party that definitely feels exhausted by the end.
Watching Horrible Bosses 2, I was occasionally surprised when looking to my immediate left did not reveal a window with a wing and clouds on the other side of it.
The lazy, tasteless jokes are matched by the haphazard plotting, which recycles several elements from the first movie.
It's the small, tossed-off moments-Bateman's deadpan mugging, Day's frenzied cluelessness, and Sudeikis' smarmy one-liners-that land the best.
The follow-up's improbable story involves kidnapping -- 9 to 5, anyone? -- but the worst ransom will be paid by the bilked popcorn munchers who have to sit through this inane bungle of a budding cinematic franchise.
...a film with more laughs than any I've seen in a long time.
"HB2" isn't awful, it's simply not that amusing.
The graveyard for movie comedy sequels just got a bit more crowded.
Too episodic, too halting, too disjointed to be credited as an accomplished comedy.
Basically 108 minutes of the cast playing grabass, but at least they look like they're having fun. It's okay for an airplane movie.
Usually I'd complain about a sequel repeating too much of what made the first movie work. Horrible Bosses 2 is a different sort of disappointing, a sequel that doesn't repeat enough.
Nothing is quite as cinematically desperate as someone telling you a joke you've already heard only louder.
It's not really about bosses or office politics. Its only allegiance seems to be to the law of the sequel: It puts the same characters into a vaguely familiar situation, with diminishing, tepid returns. They should have just called it 2.
What's really entertaining is the interplay between the three actors, arguing, riffing, lines tumbling over each others'. Anders seems to know this -- there's rarely a moment where the three aren't together, often crowding the same shot.
Come for the comic chemistry between the leads ... but flee for moments that make you cringe for everyone involved in Horrible Bosses 2.
Finally! A movie that combines the honesty of putting the word Horrible right in its name, and the diminished expectations of any title that ends with the number two.
An overly chatty, often wink-wink affair that succeeds only so far as each audience member is able to tolerate the lazy hijinks and rehashed plot elements of the first film. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
This is the sort of slapdash comedy in which characters get smarter or stupider from one scene to the next, depending on the script demands.
[The milm features] laugh-out-loud profane and edgy R-rated humor that isn't to everyone's taste, a cast having fun with it all, and the surprisingly potent comedic chemistry between Jason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, and Charlie Day.
Preposterous and completely contrived. However, it is hilarious, and being funny makes up for many many sins (unless your name is Bill Cosby).
The highlight of the film is the outtakes over the end credits, showing us that this movie was more fun to make than to watch.
The dialogue, which seems improvised at times, goes by like blazes, and we keep our ears cocked to catch the tossed-off and often overlapping comments.
Director Sean Anders and his three co-writers go out of their way to up the profanity, vulgarity and absurdity of the first film, falling into the classic sequel trap of attempting to dirty-up and double-down on every laugh.
The Horrible Bosses comedy franchise is like a recipe full of ingredients that you'd think would go well together. But the taste ends up being off anyway.
The good jokes are very widely spaced, but Day, Bateman and Sudeikis have worked out a viable three-way chemistry, with Bateman playing straight man to Day's dumb guy and Sudeikis' ungoverned id.
This is strictly a by-the-numbers, squeeze-out-some-more-money sequel. And the worst thing is, the stars here didn't need any horrible bosses to drive them to do it. They did that all by themselves.
Probably wasn't an essential sequel, but it delivers major laughs and tops its predecessor in nearly every way. You won't see a better comedy this year.
Indeed, if any movie deserves to be damned with faint praise, Horrible Bosses 2 is it.
Sean Anders' witless, embarrassingly puerile sequel to his 2011 modest hit comedy struggles to be edgy and naughty, but only succeeds in eking out a few laughs from cast members straining so hard to be funny that their heads nearly explode.
Horrible Bosses 2" is the latest example of how Hollywood executives are so convinced moviegoers will blindly see a sequel that there is no reason to make the follow-up product good.
Even though all three funnymen are on their game, as well as the returning and new supporting cast, the movie relies far more on raunchy humor than its streamlined plot, which, for the record, isn't particularly deep or important.
I have something of a soft spot for the first one, but yikes. The dropdown is roughly comparable to that of the first "Hangover" to the second
...revels in crass slapstick and innuendo rather than foisting any measure of moral queasiness upon its audience, but when it comes to base-level laughs, the sequel delivers enough.
Not every joke hits its mark; maybe only even half of them hit. But the picture skips along briskly, thanks in part to its nimble editing.
Bateman has never been funnier on film, because the zingers he launches are bounced off of the oafish Sudeikis and the ferrety Day.
...so uninspired, even its soundtrack, featuring the likes of The Heavy's "How You Like Me Now," is tired.
Horrible Bosses 2 goes for whatever cheap, vulgar gags it can collide into. Most unfortunate is the sex-crazed debasement of Aniston, who lights up the movie but suffers some of its lowest jokes.
Even at its lamest and most entitled, this sequel will most likely please fans of the first installment, chiefly because Bateman, Sudeikis and Day are, admittedly, often very funny together.
I could've watched the outtakes from this film all day...oh, and the actual movie they chopped together is pretty funny, too.
The lack of character arc for Sudekis and the missing brain cells for Day's character undermine what could have been the best comedy of the year.
Every now and then a laugh breaks through the thick cover of mediocrity. But for the most part, it all falls flat.
Horrible Bosses 2 (emphasis on "horrible") is an apt title for this repugnant, unnecessary sequel.
"Horrible Bosses 2" is further proof that likable actors have to take an occasional sick day.
Horrible Bosses 2 is far from a terrible sequel, but it is a fundamentally redundant one.
Smarter, funnier and more entertaining than the original.
It's hard to imagine a movie less deserving of a high profile follow-up than "Horrible Bosses," but, whether or not anyone really asked for it, "Horrible Bosses 2" is here.
Cruder, dumber and far less funny than the original, which is saying something.
Make no mistake, despite some well-earned laughs, "Horrible Bosses 2" is not what qualifies as a good movie or even a particularly good R-rated comedy.
Duct tape, thick rope and the threat of being shot all figure prominently in "Horrible Bosses 2." All would have been required to keep me in my seat if it weren't my job to report back on this factory-issued sequel.
"Horrible Bosses 2," one of the sloppiest and most unnecessary Hollywood sequels ever made, isn't dirtier or more offensive than its 2011 forerunner. But it is infinitely dumber and not half as funny.
You just get the feeling that, left to their own devices, [the three leads] could have riffed out a better movie than this.
A new misadventure whose negligibly refined formula somehow ends up being more consistently entertaining.
Horrible Bosses 2 is harsh and tasteless, not to mention broad and shameless, but that's not a bad thing in this case.
Familiarity is the enemy of laughter, and this time the enemy has won: Horrible Bosses 2 is a textbook example of a lazy comedy sequel.
The kind of plodding sequel that gets made because the first one was a financial success, not because there was necessarily another story worth telling.
HB2 is so completely idiotic that at some point, if you're willing to play along, you accept it for the uneven piece of excrement that it is.
Horrible Bosses 2 is similar to The Hangover Part II, where a group of guys goes through a harrowing life-or-death experience, only to choose to do it again, and make even worse decisions than they did the first time.
Horrible Bosses 2 does worse than just live in the shadow of the predecessor it so slavishly imitates: it makes one doubt whether the original can still be of value if something cast from its mold can be this feeble.
This ill-conceived sequel to 2011's entertaining Horrible Bosses is base, moronic, insulting and vulgar. It's also cringingly unfunny.
Belongs to that rare collection of comedy sequels that are as good, if not slightly better, than their successful predecessors.
Another convoluted tale of criminal bumbling.
The three leads never stop talking, as rapidly as possible, and the constant riffing wears thin.
Overall, the sequel is enjoyable, but you'll probably forget all about it after you've left the theater.
It makes the tacit assumption that we'll accept every set-up it foists on its characters; the problem is that the set-ups and the characters are both so dumb they defy even the most basic logic.
Although the overall story hangs together, the individual scenes often play like improvised goofing.
Funny enough that you only feel sort of badly for liking it.
Less wild, and a bit less winning than last time, this breezy kidnap caper still manages to take care of business.
The laughs don't linger, even within individual scenes. What remains, reinforced by a set of end-credit outtakes, is the sense that Sudeikis, Day, Bateman, and Pine had a really good time making a sort of okay movie.
Like fingernails dragged across a blackboard, or Charlie Day's voice -- one, long screech.
Lots of gags fly by, many of them in questionable taste (some downright offensive) and most of them unfunny.
Unless some hidden straight-to-video gem exists, Horrible Bosses 2 stands alone as a raunchy-comedy sequel that's superior to its predecessor.
If, however, you believe nothing is sacred when it comes to comedy, then Horrible Bosses 2 will provide you a few laugh-out-loud moments, but not enough of them to justify the price of theater admission.
When you can't even get Christoph Waltz excited about playing a grinning sociopath, something's seriously off.
It's not funny, only its villains speak truth, and its putative heroes are now the horrible bosses... though the movie doesn't seem to realize that.
Horrible Bosses 2 passes the time, but that's about it.
If your answer to the question "When are rape jokes funny?" is anything aside from "never," the good news is that you may still find a lot to hoot over throughout the film.
Your opinion of this unasked-for but likable comedy sequel depends entirely on whether your reaction to the statement "It's better than the first one" is 1) "Dear God, it could hardly be worse" or 2) "Awesome!"
When the trio have a bit of good writing to work with, the scenes catch fire and when they're dealt damp squibs, they go into overdrive with improvised dialogue and just about manage to get over the bumps.
Too bad that most of the movie is devoted to such a misanthropic and misogynistic brand of humor.
The latest film relies a great deal on people either being raped as a joke or tricking other people into having sex as a joke, and lots of other attempts at sexual humor dependent on wildly inappropriate content.
A lazy and uninspired attempt that barely captures or recreates why the first movie was so hilarious.
To the list of concepts that could not support a sequel but got one anyway, we can now add Horrible Bosses.
The film is persistently misogynistic and degrading towards women, racist at times, and Jennifer Aniston's character fantasying about two 14-year-old boys having sex is completely inappropriate.
There's a sense here of making hay while the sun shines: just as the characters wing their way through their ill-conceived plan with a wink and a smile, so do the filmmakers.
Puerile, ugly and painfully unfunny.
They feel like they are the bare minimum version of what could be very, very funny, and it frustrates me more than it makes me laugh.
Inane and incredibly tasteless ...
The jokes start growing stale well before the film's midpoint.

@highlight

Horrible Bosses 2 may trigger a few belly laughs among big fans of the original, but all in all, it's a waste of a strong cast that fails to justify its own existence.