A documentary that distills 19 years of a witch hunt, a grass roots movement, lost leads, confusion, countless appeals, and hope into one remarkable movie that is hellbent on setting the record straight.
It effectively condenses what took the 'Paradise Lost' films nearly eight hours to reveal into a tight, snappy 149 minutes that affords you everything you need to know about the West Memphis Three.
It's another case where, instead of a prosecution having to prove a case, a defendant has to choose the lesser of two evils. "This happens all the time," defendant Damien Echols says of the whole process, and he's right.
It's not a new story, true, but "West of Memphis" makes it both extremely personal and universally painful.
A sobering look at how the wheels of justice can be -- and are -- manipulated by political expediency and a small town's tendrils of the old boy network
The film is so utterly transfixing you won't believe almost two-and-a-half hours have passed when the final credits roll.
We feel like we're watching an overlong true-crime television episode and not a movie.
I would have preferred Jackson's clinically-presented project display a bit more reverence for the three young lives that were brutally taken some twenty years ago.
Moving and gruesome, West of Memphis is an eloquent disquisition on the banality of evil.
A real-life horror story, made no less shocking by the familiarity of its early scenes.
"West of Memphis" re-examines evidence and retells the story in a methodical and procedural fashion in which even the false steps lead somewhere.
While the "Paradise Lost" films captured events as they unfolded in the heat of battle, "West of Memphis" has the luxury of at least partial closure.
More a recap and appendix to the Paradise Lost trilogy... one can't help but feel that the celebrities involved needed this document of their efforts to appease their vanity.
The case is more intriguing than the film about it.
Isn't unnecessary, but it's often superfluous.
The film suggests these powerless, poorly educated young men were scapegoated because they would be missed by nobody of importance -- the justice system equivalent of the cannon fodder recruited from the same socioeconomic straits.
It's nice to have all the twists and turns of the iconic case contained tidily in one well-crafted film, although there are no real revelations here.
A true-crime story that begins with a notorious murder case and grows into a chilling indictment of the American justice system.
"West of Memphis" becomes a greatest-hits concert of prosecutorial misconduct, and you'll agree when the film asserts that prosecutors knew they had the wrong guys.
Incredibly, after three documentaries on the subject, there are still things to reveal about the West Memphis Three.
"West of Memphis" does nothing to displace its predecessor films as masterpieces of investigative filmmaking, but complements them as a riveting capstone to an epic and tragic tale.
West of Memphis is the real vindication - even if it is incomplete.
In the end it won't matter if this is the fourth movie about the same subject; you can never learn its lessons often enough.
West of Memphis caps off the Paradise Lost/West Memphis Three saga with a line up full of perpetrators including the media, the West Memphis PD, the legal establishment and suspect gift wrapped with a smoking gun.
Injustice in West Memphis, Arkansas
Berg lays out her case with the logic of a first-rate prosecutor and the theatricality of a born storyteller.
Good to know these guys are finally free.
And justice for all? Hardly.
West Of Memphis isn't afraid to show us the graphic nature of the crime and more importantly, it isn't afraid to point fingers at those whose actions deserve to be questioned.
It's reasonable to question whether the time and resources poured into this project might have been better spent highlighting a miscarriage of American justice that nobody knows about rather than one that enjoys a celebrity profile.
The most intense, nail-bitingly suspenseful thriller franchise "from the dark side" these days is not the product of a screenwriter's imagination.
The most intriguing and worthy aspect of this accomplished documentary is that it never lets anyone forget the biggest tragedy of the many threaded through this story - the helpless children who never deserved the brutal fate handed to them.
Somewhere along this narrative's mammoth timeline, examining the construction of modern social heroes became more important than the memories of three little boys.
Together with the rich material comprising interviews with family and friends, the footage shot in the various court rooms and at the crime scene is riveting
A powerful, touching and very infuriating documentary, although Berlinger and Sinofsky got there first and did it best
It tells the story of a terrible crime compounded by a grave injustice that's been remedied, but only in part, so it's impossible to have a single or simple response to the movie.
Amy Berg's West of Memphis does bring new information to light, which is why this somewhat procedural feature is so important.
In all, the director has assembled a powerful film, but the celebrity component feels rather unnecessary.
What sets this film apart from previous efforts to document the story is that Jackson and Walsh financed a private investigative team with legal and forensic experts who re-examined old evidence, conducted new interviews and found new witnesses.
A frankly extraordinary document about the three innocent children who were murdered in West Memphis, Arkansas and the three innocent teenagers who spent 18 years in prison for the crime.
(Director Amy) Berg's doc is gripping, often infuriating, but in the end hopeful about the ability of truth and innocence to prevail thanks to the efforts of those who strive against all obstacles to uphold them.
The new film is largely a recap of the older ones, with more celebrity testimonials and fewer Metallica songs but little fresh insight into the miscarriage of justice it chronicles.
Happy, sad, inspiring, infuriating, right and terribly wrong, all at the same time.
Extols the efforts of celebrities to win the release of three innocent men [and is] suspenseful when it's straightforward-the best CSI investigation that money can buy.
Nearly overwhelms you with hopelessness, if not an adrenaline rush of rage - even if you're familiar with the case.
Berg's film is as much an indictment of the state of Arkansas' legal system as it is the prosecution.
It's a beautifully done piece of work in its own right, yet viewed beside the trilogy which preceded it, it comes across a bit like "Paradise Lost 3b - the Celebrity Edition."
Berg's film helps illuminate a case that should certainly be the shame of the state of Arkansas, and perhaps the criminal justice system of the entire United States.
Dubious evidence; suspicious confessions; conveniently located "poor white trash" (Echols' words) to take the rap: The case stank from the beginning, Berg's film argues.
Less an investigative report than a portrait of the community that forms around an ongoing court case, this conveys a patient understanding of the intricacies of law and human behavior that may be termed Kieslowskian.
"West of Memphis" is the fourth film about one of the most heinous cases of wrongful conviction in American judicial history. Do we need a fourth film? Yes, I think we do.
A whodunit in which truth devastatingly becomes a luxury.
New evidence and a fresh perspective keep the subject matter compelling.
It artfully sketches out the events for anyone who's coming in cold, but basically, its strategy is to take what we already know and go deeper.
Conspicuous in their absence, the directors of the "Paradise Lost" documentaries, the filmmakers who did more than anyone else to keep this story of injustice alive for nearly 20 years...
Filmmaker Amy Berg (Oscar nominated Deliver Us From Evil) has once again struck documentary gold with her hard-hitting journalistic feature, West of Memphis.
A lot of it is treading on ground that's been laid by other people, but there's a lot of great new stuff, too.
The infuriating facts in this famous case are illuminated with new human detail.
Diligent, complex and justly indignant.
The case presented in West of Memphis is damning, most of all for a bungling local police department and ambitious local officials who wanted the case solved and chose to overlook obvious suspects...
A worthwhile appendix to the West Memphis Three case.
An extraordinary story told with utter conviction but not without a certain sympathy for the court of public opinion - which wrecked the chance of proper justice for the accused for so long.
It took way too long, but the crowd finally bested the mob.
If you've seen the 'Paradise Lost' trilogy on the case, 'West of Memphis' will be a must. If not, it's even more so.
[West of Memphis] is a captivating albeit disturbing look at failed justice and the search for the truth... do not miss this film!
Take this as ultimately more personal journal than investigation.
The film is inspiring because it has a semi-happy ending attached to a love story.
Even if you already know the eventual outcome, the suspense as the three convicts file a last-ditch appeal is excruciating.
Both a shocking indictment of the American criminal justice system and a tribute to the dedication of selfless civil rights lawyers and their supporters from all over the world.
The intelligent storytelling, wise use of access and emotional depth that separates West of Memphis from other documentaries about the murders in Robin Hood Hills, also elevates it to required viewing.
A definitive portrait of a real-life travesty of justice. Provides a strong sense of the scope of this tragedy and a thoughtful investigative probing of the facts behind it.
This rigorously researched film does indeed add to the account...
"West of Memphis" is nonfiction filmmaking at its best, a film with a fierce point of view yet one that doesn't pretend to have all the answers or a monopoly on truth.
Corruption, self-interest and rampant bigotry are so clearly portrayed in this riveting documentary that if it doesn't make you angry, maybe there's something wrong with you.
This is a compelling and comprehensive guide to one of the most Kafkaesque crime stories in American history.
Amy Berg's documentary is evenly paced and informative, never succumbing to hysteria.
A gripping documentary.
[It is] about the weighted scales of US justice, and amounts to a fight for fairness: when you have to settle for the best redress a corrupt judicial system can give you, it may be time to clean house.
Public perception and police misconduct take well-deserved raps here, as do larger issues of American injustice...
[A] shocking, brilliantly put together film ...
The movie's conclusion? In America death is cheap and justice expensive.
A laser-sharp documentary about a grisly crime, the unjust imprisonment of three innocent young men, and the first crowd-sourced investigation in history.
A superbly made documentary that unfolds like a thoroughly gripping, painstaking police procedural and packs a powerful emotional punch.
By taking a disturbing and sometimes conflicted look at the prejudices that led to the West Memphis Three's imprisonment, it asks murky questions about how people could get something so wrong for so long.
After your blood has stopped boiling, it's the quieter moments that stay with you. Now go see Paradise Lost.
...both cool-headed and rabble-rousing; it sets a new standard for true-crime film investigations.
It's hard to imagine how someone could study this case for so long and yet miss its most critical lesson.
This is a movie that can stun you.
By covering much of the same material as the other films, this work lends itself inevitably for direct comparison, and frankly it derives much of its impact from elements covered in detail in the other three works.
An excellent feature ...
Prepare to be shocked, disturbed, awed... and, if you expected justice to prevail at last, ultimately devastated.
I was never bored, it's very much recommended, but viewers should be warned that it contains a lot of distressing forensic footage.
Amy Berg's West of Memphis is a must-see film, and the story of the West Memphis Three is one that should never be forgotten...
A gripping investigative documentary about the infamous West Memphis Three murder case, raising the question of whether citizens should ever settle for partial justice.
"West of Memphis" is part of a sea change in the way that cinema stimulates social change. There is nowhere to hide.
A superbly detailed account of a notorious miscarriage of justice and how it was gradually unravelled.
Excellent director and investigative reporter Amy Berg had the support of producers Peter Jackson, Fran Walsh, musicians Henry Rollins and Eddie Vedder, all of whom are a part of the presentation.
Few docs can equal this one as an illustration of the aphorism 'Justice delayed is justice denied.'
West of Memphis is less comprehensive and more manipulative than the Paradise Lost films, but a thoroughly engaging condensation of the facts nonetheless.
An absorbing and emotional journey, West of Memphis is one of the best documentaries of 2012 so far.
...a sporadically fascinating yet hopelessly erratic documentary that might work best among those with little to no knowledge of the case...
While West Of Memphis won't surprise anyone who's followed the case, it does play its own role, particularly in illuminating how unsatisfying the end of the story really was.
Peter Jackson and Fran Walsh coupled with director Amy Berg (responsible for the excellent Deliver Us From Evil) have delivered a stand-alone treatment of this injustice that outshined any narrative I saw at Sundance this year.
Berg's film is but a piece of the entire story, but it's an essential entry into the horrifying true life tale.
It's rather reassuring to know that there are some intelligent investigators who are capable of getting to the bottom of things. It still takes too long for a resolution, but they exist.
If this were a story we weren't acquainted with, 'West of Memphis' would be a real knockout. If only.
[A] first-rate investigative docu on the notorious West Memphis Three case, its questionable prosecution and its dubious resolution.
An intentionally staggering encapsulation of the West Memphis 3 Case.
Shows how our advocacy model of trial law can lead to the state spinning stories they know are probably untrue, and then using their authority to stand strong against any alternate theory, no matter how many millions of people believe it.
"West Of Memphis" brings enough to the table to stand alongside "Paradise Lost" as a nuanced, powerful look at a miscarriage of justice...
Thorny, blood-boiling and finely made, it deserves a theatrical push.


@highlight

Both a sobering look at a true crime story and a scathing indictment of the American justice system, West of Memphis is a real-life horror story told with fury and compassion.