Far from a masterpiece, but Rhodes gives Buscemi a role ripe with emotion and a fascinating complexity. Buscemi returns the favor by powering the film with an engaging oddity.
The performances are strong--even the minor characters--and the atmosphere and tone are spot-on for a dark comedy.
Buscemi playing Buscemi is still entertaining, even after all these years.
You can take a gambler out of Las Vegas, but you can't take Las Vegas out of a gambler.
good for a quick laugh, but ultimately an empty gesture.
Comic casting and comic timing pay off in most scenes, with Dinklage landing the big laughs, Malco doing his wise-guy-talking-down-to-the-doofus patter and Buscemi just bugging out and reacting to the craziness.
... slightly less than the sum of its parts ...
Don't get me wrong. I loved Buscemi's low-key performance. But I'm less crazy about the movie, which is sometimes oddly timed and funny and sometimes just plain flat.
Trying desperately to be hip and cool, 'Saint John of Las Vegas' is fey and flimsy instead.
The script is both overly simple and unnecessarily complex. As we wander west without tension or purpose across an airless desert, the trip isn't all that enjoyable. For God's sake, are we there yet?
With a scattershot plot, one's attention may focus more acutely on the characterizations, adeptly handled by very skilled, principal actors.
Buscemi delivers game and spry and pleasurable work, but writer-director Hue Rhodes drops him into a mess of a film and lets him dangle helpless and alone.
It's a kind of cinematic purgatory, halfway between eternal reward and eternal damnation. The question is: What did I do to deserve such mediocrity?
It's a black comedy with a few exceptional scenes, but never gels together convincingly, making the artistic swing for the fences more of a quiet disappointment than a captivating leap of faith.
Theoretically, Saint John of Vegas may look good from a distance, but when seen up close it's only a house of cards.
Saint John of Las Vegas was a bad script that somehow got made into a bad movie with good people in it.
By the time it was over a part of me couldn't help but wonder why I stuck around until the very end.
For all its clever quirkiness, the end product seems flat and over-thought, which isn't to say it's a bad first step for this ambitious novice director, just a long way from something that will set the world on fire.
This debut feature by Hue Rhodes offers a wealth of skilled players and admirably offbeat gags yet seldom manages to generate any laughs.
It's minor, but I enjoyed it, largely because of the people on-screen, but also for the sneaky sincerity of writer-director Hue Rhodes' chronicle of one compulsive gambler's slouch toward redemption.
This movie is all elbows. Nothing fits. It doesn't add up. It has some terrific free-standing scenes, but they need more to lean on.
A road trip to Vegas turns into a road trip to Hell in this great little romp with the master of misfortune, Steve Buscemi.
The indie trifecta of clunky voiceover, scrambled chronology, and dream sequences can't fatten the slight story.
John's last name notwithstanding, his journey through the underworld is not exactly a divine comedy. It's not in the top 50 percent of Buscemi movies, either, but it's not bad.
A funereally unfunny comedy by debut writer-director Hue Rhodes.
There's nothing much heavenly to find in 'Saint John of Las Vegas.'
First-time director Hue Rhodes, who shifted from a career in IT to go to film school, invests too much screen time pursuing the quirky rather than nailing down a story.
I don't think that this movie has a coherent sense of what it's about, what its characters are doing, what kind of tone of comedy or drama or quirkiness it's trying to strike.
This one's not for everyone for sure, but I was amused by it.
A dark comedy that drolly tweaks idiosyncratic versions of the American Dream as a hilarious assortment of characters tempt a sad sack gambling addict in the Nevada desert.
This disjointed, desperately whimsical film is simply not funny: not for a minute.
Not quite heavenly, despite uniformly excellent performances and an effective, Tarantino-esque balance of humor and menace.
Hue Rhodes buries his would-be comic tale of desert losers in a welter of quirkiness and lousy surrealism, largely wasting an alluring cast brimming with humorous potential.
[Its] randomly flung-in episodes are just quirky padding around a thin, one-twist story.
The writing is semicoherent at best, and the buddies of this meandering road trip are not only mismatched but dislikable.
The oft-used ploy of forcing an odd couple into a car and sending them off to uncharted territory is trotted out yet again here, but to minimal comic or emotional effect.
First-time director and screenwriter Hue Rhodes shows no discernible talent for dialogue, humor and, especially, pacing. For a movie than runs a mere 85 minutes, Saint John moves like a life sentence in molasses prison.
Rhodes doesn't find much more for them to do than flit from one quirk-filled vignette to the next.
But the writing consistently misfires...It's as if Rhodes has a blueprint for a certain kind of comedy but not the tools or materials to construct it.
As a portrait of one man's journey toward dignity, Saint John isn't bad enough to create its own special circle of hell. As a comedy, though, it's anything but divine.
With stars like Steve Buscemi and Sarah Silverman and big-fish producers such as Spike Lee and Stanley Tucci on board, you'd think this indie would offer some glimmer of wit or originality. Think again.
Mostly, Saint John traps good comic performers -- including Malco and Peter Dinklage as John's boss -- in airless editing and an unproductive, unresolved, sludgy tone.
Such an inventive and quirky film, it's hard to ignore what a distinctive voice Rhodes brings to indie comedy. Casting Buscemi in this role couldn't be more perfect.
A tone-deaf odyssey of personal discovery striving to echo Dante's Inferno.
Steve Buscemi cuts so droll and heart-wrenching a figure in Hue Rhodes's deadpan road movie Saint John of Las Vegas that the plot -- shaggy and inconsequential as it is -- gets in the way.
The promised quirkiness is muted and dull, and the stakes seem much lower than they ought to.
As is most frequently the case with first appearance directors, writer/director Hue Rhodes makes a painfully mediocre film on his first outing.
A trite, unfunny, road-and-buddy movie.
Doesn't break any new ground. In fact, it resembles any number of quirky indie character pieces.
Saint John of Las Vegas marches in lockstep with virtually every cliche of the modern independent film.



@highlight

Writer-director Hue Rhodes' debut is a poorly-paced, forgettable comedy that wastes the quirky talents of stars Steve Buscemi and Sarah Silverman.