Fantastic 4, being only 100 minutes long, makes you wonder how desperately they could've used an extra 20 minutes of exposition and character development.
If there's one thing that I'd love to tell everyone after gazing upon the wreckage of Fantastic Four, it's this: Go read Alan Moore's 1963 instead.
"Fantastic Four" is a profound mess. It's not fun. It's not exciting. It's far from action-packed. And it's most certainly not fantastic.
It's a good set up...the problem is, the set up continues for the next hour and a half of the movie, when the action should have started.
I left feeling I'd only had half the story, half the show, watched a giant spangly trailer for another, possibly better, film. It hasn't actively stopped me from wanting to see the next one, though.
...a clash of visions and styles, a story that begins with promise only to descend to full-on mediocrity and, finally, after an inexplicable change of tone, conclude in a stupid and lazy way. [Full review in Spanish]
Pretty much everything here (whether it's the costume aesthetics or Reed's limbs stretching) looks like a pre-rendered scene from a PlayStation 2 game
As it stands, Trank's film only makes you appreciate what Tim Story tried to do.
Although this lacks the complexities of some recent superhero adaptations, this will still keep a party of bored teenagers happy on a rainy afternoon.
After 70 minutes of being a grimdark body horror take on superheroes, Fantastic Four turns into an Avengers movie. You can actually hear the Fox execs shouting, "Be more like the Avengers!"
There were some cool scenes, but too few to liven things up.
I'm not opposed to a slower-paced, character-centric superhero film, in theory. The problem with Fantastic Four is that these characters aren't interesting. They don't start interesting, and they don't go anywhere interesting.
The film suffers from an uninteresting plot, poorly developed characters, and a rushed, anti-climactic final battle.
A poorly constructed, ineptly executed, flatfooted piece of Branded Product that plays as though it were written by a piece of software fed every superhero movie script to date and instructed to synthesize them.
As flawed as it was when it was first released in the 2005, the original film still stuck to the tried-and-true formula of quickly getting the origin story out of the way to get to the good stuff: the characters and the action.
It's a case of good start, flat middle and a curiously bad nothing-at-stake finish.
It's hard to shake the feeling of a better movie being trapped inside a bad movie's body.
Throw in some of the worst plotting and pacing to ever taint the silver screen and a strangely gloomy and sombre tone and you have, well, not very much.
Putting Fantastic Four's box office and production woes aside leaves nothing more than a malformed curio.
It has action, but nothing on the scale of movies like Captain America, Iron Man, The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy and so on.
It's a real shame that a likable ensemble has been squandered in this reboot. It feels like these four leads could've been fantastic, but in reality they're a pretty unremarkable bunch.
Though undeniably ambitious in spots, this beloved Marvel property - as produced by Fox - feels stitched together and disengaged.
Laboriously reworks one of the most well-known origin stories in superhero comics.
A jumble of predictable but also incoherent plot turns, dreadful dialogue, and unfortunate visual choices.
Two distinctly different approaches to filmmaking are employed here and neither of them manages to eke out a victory over the other.
Despite the best efforts of its talented cast, this joins Terminator Genisys as this summer's big disappointments. Far from fantastic.
... features subpar visual effects and one-dimensional characters, along with a story that lacks emotional depth or any meaningful subtext leading to the obligatory trumped-up finale.
I can't help but feel that this was another type of film, but someone put his hands on it and it all went to hell. [Full review in Spanish]
For now, the only big screen on which Fantastic Four deserves to be seen is the one in your living room, on a Saturday afternoon, on Syfy.
There are so many things wrong with Fantastic Four . . . that you could never squeeze them all into a conventional film review.
Maybe it's time to just accept that these characters will simply never work on film.
This much-reviled reboot represents a legitimate attempt to imagine a superhero origin story as a cautionary science-fiction/horror yarn of the type ('The Fly,' 'First Man into Space') that likely influenced Lee and Kirby in the first place...
Until the special effects take over in the final act, this is an unusually gritty, grounded superhero thriller, with characters who are so believable that the wacky science almost seems to make sense.
An above-average comic-book adaptation...
Creio já ser hora de o Cinema desistir de levar o Quarteto Fantástico para as telonas.
Ultimately, Fantastic Four comes off as a laboured setup to a sequel that's predictably already in the works. That, of course, raises another mammoth question: who the hell will want to see it?
The film drains the spark from four talented young actors with clunky dialogue and a crushingly dull narrative. The special effects aren't that special, either.
An epic fail in Hollywood's comic book movie universe this not-so-fantastic flop is so bad it could send the whole genre on a downward spiral. What a mess.
This one starts off better [than the previous films], with a reasonably intelligent script, sprightly direction by Trank, a great comic-book noir look, and pleasant rapport among the stars.
Whatever action you see is in the last 10 minutes of the film. By then, you neither care nor want it.
There are barely any action scenes in the film, save the film's climax, which looks rushed.
Feels like a long trailer for the sequel (that may never come). [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that has a hard time fulfilling it's main goal: entertain. [Full review in Spanish]
Here comes another shot at the characters which, like those new Spider-Man epics, proves flashier, younger and stupider.
Fantastic Four is a terrible film, a $100 million dollar piñata, deserving of its critical and commercial mauling.
The end result feels like an expensive pilot for a TV show that will never get picked up.
In this day and age, things like this shouldn't be allowed to happen.
It's not that Fantastic Four is joyless; it's that it's borderline amateur.
The witty dialogue and knowing humour of films like Iron Man and Guardians Of The Galaxy is completely absent here.
The plot makes increasingly little sense as it stumbles from one apparently unrelated scene to the next.
A tangled and weak script that wraps up with a quick, inconsistent, and boring finale. [Full review in Spanish]
It would be wasting money to go see such an example of wasted potential. [Full review in Spanish]
Not as solid as a rock, on the contrary, it could be invisible compared to other superhero films: it's not hot at all and definetly not fantastic [Full review in Spanish]
It takes itself way too seriously and when it's time for action it becomes a parody of itself. [Full review in spanish]
A lightweight and basically unnecessary attempt to once again bring some cinematic life to one of the lesser teams in the Marvel Universe.
A total waste. A superhero movie that takes too long for something to happen that when it actually does, nobody cares. [Full review in Spanish]
It seems like the Fantastic Four have acurse that won't let them have a good movie. [Full review in Spanish]
There is true talent among the Fantastic Four crew of actors, but the real villain here is dullness.
The newest iteration of Stan Lee and Joltin' Jack Kirby's classic superheroes plays like some misguided cross between an Eighties Afterschool Special and a failed WB tween-heartthrob outing sans the emotional depth.
It starts off as an '80s-esque whiz kids sci-fi adventure, veers into some mild high-tech body horror thriller territory during the middle act, and then stumbles into an underdone generic comic book movie action climax.
Fox has thrown $122 million at the screen for 100 minutes of garbage, and none of it has stuck.
It's hard to figure out where to even start when deconstructing this thing. It doesn't work as an adaptation of a beloved property, nor does it work as a completely new interpretation.
The final scenes are rushed, but the film never completely loses that sense of adolescent awe. The characters do become fantastic, but there's still something ordinary -- and very recognisable -- about them.
We're left with a very lengthy first act, no second act of which to speak, and a rushed and incredibly unearned third act where our heroes have to band together using their new powers.
Despite the best efforts of the cast, whatever good nugget of an idea in there just can't stretch to a whole film.
The latest iteration of "Fantastic Four" is far from what its name suggests. Profoundly uninteresting, it hits all the beats of the standard superhero movie, but provides nothing in the way of imagination or magic.
Is it too late to apologize to Jessica Alba and co. for their previous "Four" features?
The Fantastic Four reboot is such a colossal disappointment that it makes the Evans-Alba version look like The Avengers by comparison.
As for this studio tinkered madness, it's a really bad example of what happens when you don't understand the source material and don't care about it.
Laughably cheesy, bordering on Zardoz levels of simplicity.
The only thing fantastic about it is the miscalculation.
The primary lesson learned here is, never drink and drive the interdimensional teleporter. I'll go out on a limb and declare that a message of dubious value.
Another failure, proving that the Marvel name no longer guarantees blockbuster box-office...
The film is all foreplay without an orgasm. . . . Visual effects supervisor Kevin Mack must have still been slaphappy from his work on 'Fight Club.'
Has its flaws, but it's not the abysmal failure it's being made out to be.
If you thought the 'Fantastic Four' franchise couldn't get any worse, you were wrong.
Because of the birthing story some of this film is fairly interesting. Alas, the last half hour, which is almost totally ridiculous special effects warfare, left me cold.
For having such a talented cast on paper, it's rather extraordinary how everyone seems either disinterested or sleep deprived.
Though time is spent introducing the characters, none of them have any real dimension and do not evoke anything approaching sympathy.
"They made it ugly," says Reed Richards. Yes son, they did.
For anyone who remembers the strip as drawn by Jack Kirby in its wildly inventive 60s prime, this is beyond depressing.
If you would like to admire the awfulness of Fantastic Four without actually having to sit through it--or if you've already seen the movie and are still reeling from the experience--read on.
'There's nothing at the end,' said the cleaning crew as the credits rolled; how right they were.
Sadly, in the final 20 minutes, the piece teeters more suddenly and more completely over a metaphorical cliff than any film in recent memory.
There's a climactic battle, of course, but it's rather anemic, generating about as much suspense as found on any given episode of Fraggle Rock.
The Magnificent Ambersons of superhero movies: a sad example of huge potential ruthlessly trampled by a studio system run wild.
Josh Trank's Fantastic Four [is] a movie full of potential that it's not allowed to deliver upon.
Kebbell portrays Doom not as a dictator with supreme technical and sorcerous powers, but a video game playing beardo with daddy issues (to be fair, they all have daddy issues).
No doubt I'm not the only critic calling this the not-so-Fantastic Four. Awful beyond description.
This reboot is anything but fantastic. Don't waste your money on this. [Full review in Spanish]
If there's a plus side, the effects aren't too bad, and there is some genuine talent in the cast. But it's wasted on a movie that stumbles all over itself.
All the pieces were in place for a refreshing entry in the superhero genre, but Fantastic Four completely unravels at the halfway point.
If it weren't for its connection to Marvel through the comics, there wouldn't be an interest to keep this franchise from rising from the dead.
Not fantastic.
The special effects are cheesy, the acting perfunctory, the plotting pallid.
If your superhero movie is 101 minutes long and it takes 75 minutes before the bad guy shows up, something is seriously wrong with your script. Just sayin'.
It's not wholesale terrible -- just depressingly mediocre, and at a certain point you sort of start wishing it WERE definitively terrible, because that would at least make it more entertaining or give it a certain strange raison d'etre.
Fantastic Four is Catwoman-level awful. It wastes a great cast and cool source material.
Above all, what distinguishes the film's approach is the faith it puts in its young lead actors, especially Teller, who made an impact as an ambitious jazz student in Whiplash and is no less impressive and thoughtful here.
I wonder if it escaped from the 20th Century Fox lot as a tax write-off.
The end result is a patchwork monster that, by its third act, is almost painful to watch, even if everyone in Hollywood really should watch it as a cautionary tale.
Creatively bankrupt from its underdeveloped characters to its humorless dialogue to its uninspired design.
I have nothing good to say about "Fantastic Four" --- so let's just leave it at that.
"Fantastic Four" had a final budget of $122 million. Good luck to 20th Century Fox making that investment back.
an ambitious film that intended to be more than just another comic book flick, but didn't succeed.
The entire experience is shameful -- for us, for the filmmakers, for whoever at the studio had the job of creating the ads, in which the cast appear to be starring in hostage posters.
It looks like the studio demanded a crappy death ray macguffin and Josh Trank slapped it in there in the most spiteful way possible, the world's first vindictive macguffin.
The resulting film combines the worst aspects of gritty reboots with the worst aspects of cartoony, comic book logic.
...an origin story that fails to build on what it's trying to establish.
The script's biggest mistake? There's nothing at stake, nothing to care about.
Disappointing adventure wastes talented cast, gets bloody.
FF is bland, joyless, lifeless, claustrophobic, and created by a bunch of idiots who had zero interest in making a Super Hero film much less the Fantastic Four. The entire affair looks lazy and cheap.
A light subversion of today's blockbuster aesthetics... Trank isn't using characters with built-in visual spectacle to wow us. He's inviting us to react with sympathy to what is basically the bodily horror of their new abilities.
The negative buzz around the new Fantastic Four is so radioactive you could almost expect to develop superpowers just by reading about it.
[Fantastic Four should] simply be ignored for the unremarkable-and completely familiar-corporate bowel movement that it is.
[L]ike the 2004 low-budget sci-fi movie "Primer"... if it had suddenly turned into David Cronenberg's "The Fly" once the invention is switched on.
A mess that starts off promisingly enough, but keeps getting worse as it progresses & collapses in what's arguably the worst third act of any superhero movie in recent memory. (Full Content Review - Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
Cast is the best thing in this mess. Derivative, dumb and with terrible dialogue. Three strikes Fox.
Fantastic Four will rest in the crowded grave of superhero films that sucked. I am sure we'll have a new crop next summer.
A movie so dull and awkwardly structured that you wonder why anyone would dare telegraph a sequel at the end.
It's mind boggling how so many good parts could be assembled into such a bad movie, the 'Fantastic Four' reboot is appalling.
An object lesson in how not to create a superhero origin story.
It's as if the whole Marvel thing got in the way of the indie movie everyone secretly wanted to make - a squeamishness that does no one any favours.
You have to employ the buddy system if you go to see Fantastic Four, so each of you can wake up the other at various points throughout the movie.
A comic book movie that is bizarrely short on humour and action.
The film's dynamic is completely off, offering too much build and too little payoff.
The gravity accorded to all of this is hopeless. How seriously can we take a character named Von Doom?
While other, better superhero movies have a way of putting moviegoers in touch with their inner 10-year-old, Trank's film likely will appeal mostly to actual 10-year-olds.
A decent enough overhaul to recommend heartily as a pleasant escape from the hazy, hot, humid dog days of August.
Spectacular visual effects and an engaging cast make this Marvel Superhero fantasy into a moderately enjoyable adventure for the fans, although it feels as though we have seen it all before
Bleah...Avoid.
There is so much wrong with the new Fantastic Four that writing about it feels more like an autopsy than a review.
There is nothing in Fantastic Four that hasn't been seen before.
Fantastic Four is a mess. It's poorly paced -- plodding through most of the story only to zip through its big finish. None of the characters is interesting, let alone fantastic.
The film's lack of scale becomes readily apparent in the final confrontation, which is surprisingly toothless.
Just give Marvel Studios the damned license back already.
As franchise openers (or restarters) go, it's solid and moves at a rollicking pace with a talented and game cast.
The juxtaposition of non-stop brooding against a plot-driven superhero origin story makes for discordant storytelling. Much is alluded to but never given time to develop.
Fantastic Four is quite possibly the least action-filled action movie in Marvel history.
Teller, Mara and company are very capable young actors who bring sensitivity and humour to their roles, but that isn't necessarily what audiences want from Marvel-era superhero blockbusters.
Oh, well - they can always reboot.
The cast is great... The problem here is a poor script and even poorer dialogue. [Full review in Spanish]
Fantastic Four isn't unwatchable or flat-out awful. It's aggressively mundane, and devoid of energy, wonder, wit and whimsy.
A boy genius develops a teleportation device, beams to another dimension, brings back superpowers, accidentally creates supervillain, has big fight, wins, QED.
There are hints of a more compelling story but they are never developed and the movie as a whole seems like the unhappy marriage of competing agendas.
This Josh Trank-directed reboot had a very low hurdle to overcome to become the best FF movie so far. The most fantastical aspect of the movie is that it may not achieve that goal.
I can't remember the last time four actors appeared less invested in a movie for which they've teamed up.
Once those super powers kick in, the whole film goes into a more standard gear. We've seen it all before, and it's safe to say we'll be seeing it all again as well.
Maybe "Fantastic Four" is a cursed property, or maybe just one that shouldn't be turned into a film?
A self-destruct mode is apparently automatically included in any film adaptation of Marvel's "First Family of Superheroes." This is the third attempt at a movie franchise - and the third lame result.
An unfortunate movie that does an embarrassing disservice to the decades-old property and is a frightful waste of all the talent involved.
Thus does the summer of the superhero movie stumble to an end with a whimper and a wheeze.
Even a cast of our very finest 28-to-32-year-olds who can sort of pass as adolescents ... can't save this dreary, overfamiliar origin story.
Fantastic Four is an uneventful ride, plunging us into the depths of choppy editing, poor CGI, laughable costume design and one of the worst third acts in the history of superhero films.
The latest reboot of the Fantastic Four - the cinematic equivalent of malware - is worse than worthless. It not only scrapes the bottom of the barrel; it knocks out the floor and sucks audiences into a black hole of soul-crushing, coma-inducing dullness.
There is no bad guy in the history of the F4 who has inflicted as much damage as this sorry, soggy mess.
A plodding retelling of the Marvel Comics characters' origin story. Everyone involved seems to be just punching the clock until payday.
A tedious bargain-basement Marvel movie...that spends literally two-thirds if its running-time in endless exposition setting up a final battle that's curiously brief, sloppy and dull.
Somehow, the movie finds a way to make the bland human characters even less interesting once they gain their superpowers.
All four principals -- Miles Teller, Kate Mara, Michael B. Jordan, and Jamie Bell -- are well-cast, and their gee-whiz idealism is just right for the wide-eyed perspective of director Josh Trank.
Audiences will be watching the clock, waiting for something to happen
Fantastic Four, yet another live-action, big-screen reboot of the Marvel comic book, starts with a sloooooooow burn that lasts for more than an hour. But, unlike the Human Torch himself, the movie never ignites into anything exciting.
While it never quite becomes a bad film, it can never quite make you forget it is a botched film.
Clearly, some superheroes seem much more credible and comfortable on the pages of a Stan Lee comic book than they do in the more literal arena of motion pictures.
It's affecting, it's thoughtful, it's often gripping and it is different. Despite its faults, if you're wearying of comic book movie homogeneity, this is worth taking a chance on.
The question one can't help but return to again and again during Josh Trank's Fantastic Four reboot is "Who was this supposed to appeal to?"
There are so many places where you suspect you might feel something, if only it weren't so badly done.
This is a movie where a superhero famed for his amazing powers of elasticity can be choked out like a henchman in a Swayze flick.
The movie is on such sure footing at first that it's a legitimate shock to see it fly so far off the rails.
Whoever devised the cookie-cutter plot and hackneyed dialogue that clotted up and formed this cinematic scab, it's clear that they missed the point of the Fantastic Four.
Ms. Mara disappears. Her character also has the power to make other things vanish. I would say she should have exercised it on this movie, but in a week or two that should take care of itself.
Much of Josh Trank's abysmal "Fantastic Four" is set in a barren place called Planet Zero - and you may feel stranded there yourself for all 100 minutes of this plodding, joyless and stillborn Marvel reboot.
The third big-budget attempt to tell the origin story of the Fantastic Four superhero saga on film hasn't turned out to be the charm.
It's as if it looked at possible templates for excitement and willfully decided to go for something more disjointed and boring.
There's a fundamental tonal dissonance at the heart of Fantastic Four. The awkward staging, cut-rate effects, and stilted dialogue might have worked alongside a fun, ridiculous story.
The fatal flaw is that it squanders more time fashioning these familiar Marvel Comics heroes than it does motivating them.
What's the worst thing you can say about a superhero movie? It's dull. The Fantastic Four is deadly dull.
A heavy bag of cliches from precious action dramas and sci fi features.
... undoubtably the dullest Marvel superhero movie in the post-Iron Man era, both in adventure and creative design. Nothing much happens, and it's ugly when it does.
Fantastic Four is so serious about itself, and its characters and the dangers of science, that it actually has long montages of characters doing science.
It's shockingly humorless and glacially slow for a film featuring a bendy boy genius, an invisible woman, a human torch, and a talking pile of stones.
Whilst all the character building comes at the cost of a slightly rushed climax, there's a solid basis here for future movies, if audiences can get on board with a more toned down Fantastic Four.
Fantastic Four figures out a way to approach a familiar origin story with unexpected smarts, then all-but-squanders that goodwill in its dumbed-down finale.
There isn't an authentic human motivation or emotion to be found here. The bar has been raised too high on comic-book movies for us to accept junk like this.
Doctor Doom doesn't have much of a plan other than "destroy Earth," but he never gives a reason why he's doing this other than "I'm mad."
This is a step backward, in more ways than one, for the franchise.
The only fantastic thing about Fantastic Four is how much blandness it manages to pack into 100 minutes.
For a movie largely set on a planet ("Planet Zero") coursing with living, liquid energy, I don't know if I've ever seen a superhero movie more in need of a lie-down.
Is it a home run? No. But at this point, comic fans are just happy to see Fox play error-free ball with their Marvel adaptations, and "Fantastic Four" mostly qualifies.
For the record, 'Fantastic Four' is honestly merely inoffensively uninspired in its first half, then bad, and finally eye-bulgingly pathetic.
Fantastic Four is trapped between the unique look of its iconic characters and the all-too-familiar storytelling structure of the modern superhero film; it's a $100-million movie that gets found sorely wanting in comparison to 50-cent comic books.
Counting Roger Corman's unreleased stab, this is the fourth Fantastic Four movie. It's also the fourth whose producers seem embarrassed at the thought of making a Fantastic Four movie.
An outstretched, moronic, drama-less time-suck that somehow manages to be less fun than Pixels, which was only slightly more enjoyable than slamming a door on your face.
It adds more grist for the mill to the notion that studios don't hit the big red "reboot" button in any other state than a panic.
I wish the whole film were as terrible as its final 2/3, because there is just enough promise, just enough good acting and interesting dialogue that I started to hope that the hype was wrong.
The end result feels spliced together like some weird lab experiment; taking pieces of great ideas and doing absolutely nothing with them.
Admirable in its different-ness, but it's sadly unmemorable and unsurprising. And Dr Doom looks weird. Really, really weird. And not in a good way.
Trank's origin story brings nothing new to the party, apart from a rather muted, real-world aesthetic that counters the colourful worlds dreamed up by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in the original Marvel comics.
As an origin story that's all origins and no story, there's a hollow, stale feeling to this occasionally admirable attempt to Nolanise Marvel's dysfunctional family.
The film is almost all build-up, though any mounting sense of excitement is dispelled by the monotonously downbeat tone and the cast's conspicuous lack of chemistry. Nobody looks like they're having fun, and the gloom is infectious.
What goes wrong? Lack of humour, for starters. Dry and drab, Trank's film sacrifices the primary-colour aesthetics of the comics for a gritty 'real-world' environment.
We get endless scenes of Teller being personable, Jordan being passionate and a raccoon-eyed Kate Mara having no chemistry with anybody.
Joyless
There are specks of promise hidden amidst the muck of "Fantastic Four," but what disturbingly permeates the surface is director Josh Trank's creative anguish over seeing his movie get viciously stripped of its soul.
It's an amazing feat to have produced a movie where every decision made seems to be the wrong one.
Either through inexperience or intention, Trank has constructed an unpleasant movie that's too confused to be anything but an absolute mess.
Fantastic Four just doesn't work. It may have been a valiant effort to do something different with a comic book movie, but it's naive to how those intentions manifest themselves on screen.
Fantastic Four is a patchy affair and one that's been stunted by a soulless and exposition-lined screenplay, which was likely scrapbooked together after juggling between the hands of Kinberg, Trank, and Slater.
Fantastic Four isn't a movie. It's just a thing - pun intended, because we must find amusement somewhere - that happens for 100 minutes.
Flashes of freshness are utterly M.I.A. in Fantastic Four's final act, which is where its human drama is preempted by stagey, CGI-addled superhero posturing.
A puzzling misfire. Like a pilot for a TV show you'd never want to watch.
Fantastic Four takes small steps toward reinventing the formula, and erases them in a giant leap back towards comic book movie convention.
Fantastic Four is an appetizer, teasing a meal that doesn't actually come. But it's also a palate cleanser, and one that establishes a darker F.F. universe I'm hopeful we can continue to explore.
This is a bad movie.
Fantastic Four is a synthetic bum-out, an assembly-line product, a movie a group of people made just because they could.
It's not wickedly dark or bleak, nor is it tongue-in-cheek and enchanting. It's a disaster.
Fantastic Four feels like a film with nobody at the wheel, as it careens around shambolically before grinding to a slamming halt as the creative fuel runs dry.
A cracking good science fiction movie... until the third act when it is dragged kicking and screaming into being a superhero movie and falls apart.
Finally, a superhero movie without action, character development or a plot.
Often out of alignment, and missing a clear creative guiding vision, "Fantastic Four" is not ready for the multiplex battle ahead.
This is a film that's been shredded to near-incoherence in the editing room, with a finale that's over before it's barely begun.
A dawdling indie drama, gussied up in superhero garb.
Fantastic Four is a really good film, shorn of glib know-all theatrics, faux profundity and the spangly CG that's usually ushered in as dramatic short hand for, "we got nuthin'." It is, as the old saying goes, a proper movie.
Frankly, it's amazing this is watchable at all.
So insular the settings that the majority of the film takes place in that it asks the question: how can we expect to care whether any of these characters will save or destroy their world, when it doesn't even feel like they are a part of their world?
Maybe the Fantastic Four just aren't meant for a live-action movie.
After battling months of bad buzz, "Fantastic Four" emerges as a wounded animal of a superhero movie, only rarely showing flashes of the darker, more emotional breed of Marvel film it's trying to be.
Fantastic Four feels like a 100-minute trailer for a movie that never happens.
Feels less like a blockbuster for this age of comics-oriented tentpoles than it does another also-ran -- not an embarrassment, but an experiment that didn't gel.
Director Josh Trank has assembled a quartet of engaging, charismatic performers and stranded them in a miasma of exposition and set-up. So much time is spent putting the pieces on the board that there's barely any time to play with them.
In the face of such bad buzz, it's hard not to feel a little sorry for the finished product, which is a harmless and endearingly cartoonish throwback to more simple comic book movie times.

@highlight

Dull and downbeat, this Fantastic Four proves a woefully misguided attempt to translate a classic comic series without the humor, joy, or colorful thrills that made it great.