Not only is the Evil Dead remake humorless, but there's even a concerted effort at having a meaningful, emotional subtext to all the horror.
I don't know if this gives you anything new when it comes to horror, but it is fun. It's B-movie goodness.
Thirty-plus years on, this tale of five teens trapped in a cabin in the woods being pursued by dark, supernatural forces just seems familiar and silly, with Alvarez doing little to breathe new life into the genre.
A gory, old-fashioned slice of schlock horror that, by successfully paying homage to one of the greats, puts many of its contemporaries in the shade.
Ultimately, Alvarez did a solid job with his remake, and this is a popcorn treat after some slow, slow late-winter months.
This Evil Dead remake is more 'blah' than 'boo.'
Alvares nails it. His Evil Dead has the fun spirit of the original (you need to have a very particular sense of the word fun, of course). His camerawork is inventive, occasionally beautiful.
The current reboot feels uncreative. Watching the new film just made me miss Bruce Campbell's chin and shots of Raimi running insane through the woods.
The screenplay is abysmal, the performances are lifeless, and Alvarez's direction does nothing but rip pages out of Raimi's playbook.
It's gross and creepy and precisely the sort of horror movie your mother would probably hate.
If you wondered what the "Evil Dead" movies might be like without the central wit and charisma of Bruce Campbell, the answer now awaits you.
Too ludicrous to take seriously, yet too po-faced to laugh at, it sacrifices wit and energy for intensity.
Rarely do you find a modern reboot that has the power to satisfy fans of a revered franchise while simultaneously grabbing audiences unfamiliar with the original and kicking them in the teeth.
Maybe I am just getting too old for this stuff.
Evil Dead owes everything to its predecessor, and [director Fede] Alvarez never tries to hide that fact, even when his movie feels painfully redundant.
A masterful new version that adds even more value to Sam Raimi's masterpiece than ever.
The filmmakers behind this Evil Dead remake have completely missed what made Sam Raimi's original film work so well, opting instead for a typical horror bloodbath that fails to differentiate itself.
This Evil Dead isn't as flavorful as the old one, and it doesn't try as many different things. But on the promises it does make, it delivers.
An (extremely) blood good time that will likely please horror fans.
It's not great, it's not quite as anarchic as the original or as you want it to be, but as a gorefest aiming to pop you out of your seat a few times, it does the trick.
... strips away the tongue-in-cheek satire of its predecessor and settles for modern genre pandering aimed at fans of death, dismemberment, and unbelievable amounts of gore.
Alvarez does show some directorial flair but this is not as frightening as it would like to believe it is, nor as interesting.
The film is about nothing more than Alvarez devising amusingly fiendish ways of freaking out audiences.
Alvarez doesn't succeed in making Evil Dead terrifying, but he does make it as prodigiously intense and gory for our time as the original was for its own.
A spookily effective remake of the ultra-low budget 1981 cult horror classic by Sam Raimi, the gore and blood is so plentiful here it even falls from the sky...A must for fans, Evil Dead also affirms horror as the most remake-friendly genre going.
Fernandez's film falls most flat, as Raimi's Dead pics are full of comedy, whether Three-Stooges-indebted or just plain black and gross-out, while this rethink is monotonously serious - and really a bit evilly dull at times.
I will always appreciate a horror flick that introduces novel and inventive ways to dispatch of its cast. But the frights are almost totally absent. So what are we even doing here?
Alvarez seems to know where to pay tribute to the original... but he also knows where to depart... Overall, his new movie packs a punch.
... not for people prone to nightmares. It's highly effective as causing involuntary chills and hand movements (as in, up to eyes to block the bloody chaos onscreen). ... a cut above just about any other modern horror/slasher remake
If Hollywood is having trouble with deciding who its 'war and terror' enemies are, that's nothing compared with its crisis in horror.
All the requisite blood and gits but not much else to offer by way of entertainment.
The result is something less than the sum of its parts; in other words, the diametric opposite of that beloved original.
There's more slickness than imagination on display.
Using the very latest Cern-tested atom interferometry, we can reveal that Evil Dead is precisely, exactly - in the coldest atomic terms -the film that you were expecting.
Remaking an iconic classic is dangerous business, even if the original filmmakers are on board as producers, but at least Uruguayan writer-director Alvarez has a few clever ideas up his sleeve.
Happy days for those who love this sort of thing. But Raimi's effort, perhaps because we hadn't seen the plot before, was infinitely more scary.
This could easily have been the best demon possession film released in decades. Instead it is just a very effective, still-terrifying, evil retread.
There's no suspense, and it isn't scary.
The characters are forgettable but the horror they suffer lingers in the memory, for good or ill.
A decent, gory horror treat for those who've never watched an Evil Dead movie - while at the same time exhibiting discreet respect for the 1980s incarnations, with plenty of low-key nods to the original for fans.
A full-bloodedly grisly and macabre film that zaps over a few scares.
Anonymous, forgettable and doesn't hold a candle to the brilliant original.
I was left clamping my hand to my open jaw, not so much in terror, more in shocked hilarity at how grand the guignol was willing to go.
Well made and delivers buckets of the red stuff, but it's hampered by poorly developed characters, a lack of humour and a tendency to substitute gore for actual scares.
Sam Raimi's horror classic gets a terrifying and intense rebirth for the 21st century.
Despite much old-school splatter, it's seldom frightening and oddly unfunny.
An undemandingly fun and instantly forgettable update that provides the required amounts of blood, gore and demonic possession, although no real scares or re-invention.
Will not inspire endless repeat viewings like the original, mostly because there's no Bruce Campbell.
Alvarez adopts the film language of Raimi's films, adds more to the bag of tricks, and keeps the sardonic attitude without necessarily being slapstick.
Lacking Raimi's transgressive invention and wit, there really are some things that man should not meddle with.
At its best, manages to recapture the original's hardcore nastiness. It could certainly do with laughing at itself a bit more, though.
An effectively relentless gore-fest.
A must-see for horror fans, Evil Dead is great fun from start to finish and establishes the basis for a rejuvenated franchise that could fuse with past demon defiance rather than overwrite them.
Comparisons to the original are inevitable yet the filmmakers deserve the right for this to be judged of its own accord and it's not a terrible movie.
No matter how you slice it, it's a kind of horror wind-up toy: Once you set it in motion, it's going to do the same thing it always does. This one's no different.
For a movie that's nothing if not a bloodbath, "Evil Dead" is as dry as the Sahara.
Well...I didn't hate it.
Again with the dismemberments.
A big, spewing slab of gory, red meat entertainment, carved out with all the delicacy of a sputtering chainsaw, for fans a horror movie classic that just refuses to die.
Rather overt about its intentions to replace the campfire story creepiness of [the original] with over-the-top gore effects and a truly unfortunate reliance on jump scares.
Five years from now, will you want to watch this bloody $14 million extravaganza or Raimi's shoestring original, which was Amateur Hour elevated to pop art? Evil Dead just bleeds money.
When will people learn to stay out of the woods? This is the rare remake that surpasses the original in almost all ways except one - no Bruce Campbell.
If you watched the first film's vine attack and went, 'You know what this needs? This needs to be more like hentai.' If you thought that, then this film is for you.
Enjoy but be warned: you might need a tetanus shot and stitches just watching it.
By the time the last excruciatingly spilled blood drips, Evil Dead stakes its claim as a worthy remake of Sam Raimi's 1981 horror classic.
...a disappointingly run-of-the-mill horror effort that remains a far cry from Raimi's superior predecessor...
While staying true to the spirit of low-budget horror, Alvarez also brings a visual elegance to even the most gruesome of sights, from a puss-engorged hand being possessed by a demon, to the minutiae of being buried alive
Even as a huge fan of The Evil Dead, it's impossible to wholeheartedly embrace this one when just last year we were treated to a cabin-in-the-woods yarn -- The Cabin in the Woods, of course -- that carried on Raimi's legacy far better than this film does.
An unnecessary remake of the 1981 Evil Dead by Sam Raimi.
A stylish and worthy homage: inventive even as it is derivative, never quite jokey but never taking itself too seriously, and clocking in at an entirely appropriate 91 minutes. Any longer would be unmerciful; any shorter, ungenerous.
I think they really lost me when evil enters our heroine through her vajayjay (you can't unsee that).
It's predictable to lament the loss of Campbell and Raimi, yet Alvarez constructs a pleasing, moist reawakening, and one that could lead to a few groovy directions of its own if sequels ever come to fruition.
It's easily the goriest, goopiest, most visceral, bloody and violent movie I've seen with an R rating. But that's the point, and it was a lot of fun to watch.
... an all-out, balls-to-the-wall fright fest with allusions to The Exorcist, early Cronenberg, REC and Texas Chainsaw Massacre ... Raimi sans the laughter.
Congratulations guys: you get to keep the name.
Though it never channels the raw DIY energy of the original Evil Dead series -- what big-budget version could? -- this polished, clever remake remains true to the spirit of the original, which was at once viscerally terrifying and weirdly lighthearted.
The minute you see the electric knife slicing into some bloody roast beef, you know The Evil Dead is piercing the right vein of genre horror.
Fede Alvarez loudly proclaims "THIS IS MY BOOMSTICK" and delivers a horror remake which defies the Gods by almost challenging the quality of Evil Dead itself - keyword, almost.
Not everyone will want to spend money on a ticket to nausea, of course, but you can't fault a director for achieving precisely what he set out to do, even if it mainly revolves around dismemberment.
Fede Alvarez hits the majority of the terror beats of the original movie, from the creepy-looking cabin to rivers of blood. Because he had a larger budget, Alvarez cranks up the special effects. But the results are not as much fun.
This flesh-rending retread simply doesn't recapture the ferocious energy of the low-budget fright-fest that set Sam Raimi down the yellow brick road to Hollywood.
You're better off giving Raimi's original another spin.
An uncompromising, hardcore, balls-to-the-wall fright flick.
For those unfamiliar with the original films, this latest Evil Dead serves well enough as a neatly packaged, delightfully repulsive gore fest.
As is the rule for modern horror movies, the violence and language are uglier than before, but the people are a lot prettier.
A gore fest that's just effective enough to whet fans' appetite for a sequel, even as it kills everyone else's appetite for dinner.
Remakes don't get much better than Evil Dead - in terms of revitalizing the franchise and servicing both veteran and newcomer viewers.
There isn't much to do here except turn the gore up to 11; if you've ever wondered what it would be like to jam a chainsaw into someone's mouth (and who hasn't?), this will give you a good working idea.
It's a remake so the chopping, slashing and mutilating isn't as much fun as Sam Raimi's 1981 original, but it looks more realistic. If this crap is your thing, enjoy.
The original is of course better, but this remake delivers the gore in a big way.
There are genuine scares in addition to fluids, but they're the fun kind, as opposed to the painful, nerve-wrackingly drawn-out suspense of movies like Mama or Ju-on.
There's no break from the intense gore and horror, no ironic wink; Evil Dead is the basic nightmare tale of five doomed individuals trapped in a cabin by an evil entity. And where's the fun in that?
That hope for a creative spark has allowed audiences to overlook the notable flaws of Alvarez's film. I get it. I want to love it too. But there are times where it's so hard to do so.
The very satisfying result is a lovingly crafted, chaotically loud noise-symphony conducted in honor of evisceration, agony, vomit and other gnarly delights.
Bloody, disgusting, dark, scary and all with just a very small hint of that classic Raimi slapstick, the new Evil Dead delivers what you'd expect in spades and then goes beyond to both gross you out and kick some butt.
No one saw Raimi's Evil Dead coming three decades ago and were unprepared for what it had to offer. This Evil Dead delivers what you expect... and it's the weaker for it.
On its own terms, it is sensationally effective, basically structured as a three-act play whose Acts II and III are almost unrelentingly intense. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
Sure, this is a higher-budget re-tread. But a remake shouldn't exist simply to ramp up the graphic violence, even if special effects have improved immeasurably in the past 30 years.
Without an appealing, charismatic lead, this remake is pretty vacant.
It can boast of some truly extraordinary special effects, but this Evil Dead is far more gruesome than awesome.
In one bloody scene, the leading lady cried, 'It was so horrible! It was so horrible!' Girl, I know how you feel - that's exactly what I said when the credits rolled.
This exercise in classical blood-bath monotony does its job, but little more.
So long as you grit your teeth and keep your eyes on the screen, it's an enjoyable, if almost academic, exercise in bad taste.
Raimi set the bar high, and if Alvarez can't quite rise to his level, he overcompensates by drowning everything in blood. It's overkill, but in this case that's not such a bad thing.
It's a fun spookshow - if chainsaw violence is your idea of fun - but it's sure not my "The Evil Dead." But that's OK. It's someone else's, now.
Alvarez is relentless in his pacing, delivering blow upon blow with so much breathless gusto that you don't know whether to scream, vomit or laugh maniacally.
In memory of beloved horror-booster Roger Ebert I'm gonna give it one hideously mangled tongues-up.
[A] geek show masquerading as horror.
... if you're looking for a film that works both thematically and viscerally, 'Evil Dead' comes up a little short, and in ways that left me frustrated just as much as I was entertained.
...straight-ahead horror, challenging itself scene by scene with gross-out effects and diminishing body parts.
It might not be "Cabin in the Woods," but this cabin in the woods nevertheless holds a sharp-toothed bite.
A 2013 Evil Dead should have a healthy dose of self-awareness and adrenaline. This movie lacks both.
not just a taste of the old religion, it's really pretty great.
Evil Deadis a good old-fashioned gorefest that maintains a sense of fun, tension, and the all important "ew" factor.
Evil Dead for True Horror Fans Only
Lacks the puckish cleverness of the original films, and if it stood on its own I doubt it'd spawn the same following. But it's not bad as run-of-the-mill horror goes.
What this "Evil Dead" gets most right is its tone, paying homage yet staking its own territory; it's scary without being downbeat, fun without being too jokey.
Just another gorefest, not appreciably different from the scads of other similar dreck that floods into theatres every month nowadays.
The new "Evil Dead" has none of the first movie's handmade charm or hilarity, intentional or otherwise.
While it's impossible to surpass the original - so much of its fame is a function of its time - Alvarez's version still manages to measure up.
This Evil Dead is polished and meticulously planned, and it benefits from the attention to detail as well as from Alvarez's obvious love for the spirit of the source material.
Bloody havoc? Check. Exuberant gore? Check. Fun? Meh.
I always say you have to watch 100 horror films to find a good one. This is the good one.
It's not scary. It's not shocking. It just wallows in viscera.
It may not be the return of Ash that everyone wants, but in terms of taking an honored original and reimagining it for a post-millennial audience, this remake rocks.
This blood-soaked remake improves on its cheeky source material, paying homage while establishing its own identity for younger horror fans who never knew there was an earlier "Evil Dead."
Whether you think it's a good movie will depend largely upon your stomach for gruesome violence. Then again, if you are going to see a movie called "Evil Dead," you're probably going to be OK.
"Evil Dead" turns Raimi's homemade horror treat into a professional-looking, overscripted bore.
It's never truly scary, but it is spectacularly disgusting, so if that turns you on, prepare to be thrilled beyond measure.
[This] is an efficient, exceedingly grisly horror film that goes places that Raimi could only dream of in the '80s ... Yet, without the low-rent cheesiness ... that made the originals so enjoyable, [it] becomes a numbing exercise in overkill.
In an admirably self-aware decision, this overhaul of the splatter classic The Evil Dead doesn't have the "the" in its title. This isn't "The" Evil Dead but another one, a lesser, nastier one, with all of the original's high-camp fun hemorrhaged out.
Call this Evil Dead "Dead Serious," with actors who read clichés with all the conviction of a cast on a bad soap opera.
Alvarez is primarily interested in upping his corpse count, in the most gruesome ways imaginable. In this, he is undeniably successful. He also establishes an effectively breathless pace, and weaves in a steady stream of fan-friendly references.
If it hadn't been my paying job as a critic to watch Fede Alvarez's remake of Evil Dead all the way to the end, I probably would have headed for the exit door long before the point where somebody cuts off her own arm with an electric carving knife.
The Evil Dead was an absolute blast. Evil Dead is just a well-made gross-out, and it's kind of a bummer.
There are two types of people in the world. Those who should under no circumstances see the horror sequel/reboot Evil Dead and those who just gotta see it.
The whole purpose behind this remake seems to be the same one behind many horror films these days: to throw as many buckets of blood around on the screen as you possibly can.
The screen is filled with torrents of blood and dismemberments that will please die-hard genre fans and find everybody else covering their eyes or running for the door.
Evil Dead, however, accomplishes what it sets out to do: Scare viewers silly and uphold a tradition.
Dark and nasty. More of a companion piece to Raimi's original than an all-out remake. Very well done. Not for the faint of heart.
For fans of hard-core horror, "Evil Dead" definitely delivers.
From beginning to end, this reconfigured "Evil Dead" feels as if it were made by people who know exactly what fans of this sort of movie are looking for.
That speedy camera-through-the-woods rampaging demon effect still thrills three decades later.
The setup and geography are consistent with the original, though the film never makes the mistake of trying to rebottle the lightning that electrified Sam Raimi's movie.
A dead end.
The really scary thing about Fede Alvarez's Evil Dead is its failure to shock. Are we all now completely desensitized to movie horror?
You can't remake a sense of humor. Alvarez may well have one, but it'll have to wait for the next project.
Alvarez just keeps on amplifying the gory intensity until the film becomes absurd and weirdly infectious, an exercise in seeing how far the audience will bend without breaking.
For all of his movie's predictability, director Fede Alvarez finds several ways to increase the creep factor, largely by playing the scares straight and sticking to an unabashedly old-school approach.
I'm bored to death and sick to death of movies that seem to have one goal: How can we gross out the audience by torturing nearly every major character in the movie?
I'm jaded enough that I came out of it feeling exhilarated if exhausted..this film has a sense of humor, as well as a relentless approach to its tale of demonic possession.
Brings nothing to the table but more money and more gore.
...for a film about demonic possession it is surprisingly soulless.
Better than most horror remakes, but it's hardly an improvement, and I sincerely hope it's not the most terrifying film you will ever experience.
...a blatant allegory in which drug addiction stands in for demonic possession (and vice versa).
The film has a load of hallmarks which nod to the 1981 original, but takes some evry different twists and turns. It lacks some of that movie's personality, and it's not as scary as one might expect, but still a bloody good time at the movies.
It's a credit to the talents of Alvarez that this gore and violence is a feast for the eyes without seeming unnecessary.
The new Evil Dead is not only made with an affectionate nod and a wink to the 1981 version, it's also the bloodiest, goriest, slapstickiest horror movie since, well, The Evil Dead.
This isn't just the scariest movie in recent memory, it's also the most viscous.
Is it gory? Sure. This is one of the most disgusting movies I've ever seen, grading strictly on a scale of blood and guts and viscera -- and burns and slashes and stabs and cuts and bashes and so on. But terrifying? Hardly.
The plotting as a whole feels fresh, as does the emphasis on women strong enough to defend themselves.
Fire-and-brimstone teaser sequence notwithstanding, Fede Alvarez's slick, hard-R remake of the 1981 cult horror hit by Sam Raimi takes its sweet, tedious time getting going.
The most fun I've had all year trying not to vomit.
Relentless, pitiless, but not much fun.
...it's the best and bloodiest of the season.
Evil Dead has ample cheap shocks and few bloodcurdling frights but it builds to something gorily bravura and, if that's your bag, you'll come away satisfied.
Beyond the basic plot and the return of a few of the most well-known sight gags from the first two Evil Dead films, it is generally its own animal.
Gore for the sake of gore, but the best possible kind thanks to a committed cast and a director with the skillset to create carnage that's lacking in story, but is still thoughtful.
Evil Dead suffers the curse of its own mediocrity: while it is really not bad, it would linger longer in the viewer's mind if it were better - or indeed worse. As it is, the fun ride is over and forgotten as soon as its brisk 90 minutes have elapsed.
Unlike Raimi's classic original, it won't be remembered in 30 years time, but it is amongst the best horror remakes of the last decade.
Within its self-imposed limits as a remake, this is perfectly satisfactory, but the jury is still out on whether Alvarez can deliver on the promise of his shorts with more original work.
The whole endeavour invites a sure feeling of pointlessness, but it's as beautifully shot and gore-soaked as these retreads come.
Gory scares abound in a remake that will win the hearts of many of the original's fans.
The rare remake that likely will be enjoyed most by diehard fans of its predecessor.
Evil Dead is a better film than was probably expected, but as good as the effects and bloodwork are here -- and they are jaw-droppingly fantastic -- they don't make up for the film's incredibly shoddy and flaccid script.
While it doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel, this new take on the Evil Dead is every bit as good as Sam Raimi's originals, and praise doesn't get much higher than that.
It isn't that Evil Dead is particularly bad; it's fine. But it's without much of an identity; it's never allowed to become its own movie and is constantly forced to reference or bow to or swerve from the original.
Evil Dead lacks the humor and sub-genre-launching power of the original, but it's a solid remake that is definitely worth watching, even and especially if you are a fan of the original.
If the original was Raimi's inventive soufflé of horror and slapstick, in the remake Alvarez seems content to simply show us the ingredients...without knowing how to put them together into anything scary, involving or inventive.
...certainly a considerable and occasionally commendable dose of the ol' ultra-violence.
Manages to carve out its own distinct and memorable place in the history of this franchise. With a chainsaw.
It's a tremendous technical achievement.
It is downright intense, at some points even terrifying and by far one of the most brutal flicks I can remember seeing on the big screen in ages
With simpler aims and oodles of blood, the new movie is a watered down scare-fest that works in spite of its formula by constantly frightening audiences into submission.

@highlight

It may lack the absurd humor that underlined the original, but the new-look Evil Dead compensates with brutal terror, gory scares, and gleefully bloody violence.