... Weiner is a documentary about why we believe and to whom, about what lies we are willing to let go, and about what we believe about ourselves. [Full review in Spanish]
You may well watch this movie and think, "Serves him right." Or maybe, "Well, what did he expect?" But you'll probably also come away discouraged about the state of both politicking and the mass media in our times.
... an otherwise riveting film, precisely because it engages in a form of documentary politics, wherein the identification and accounting for a subject's pathology constitutes drama, and drama's resolution.
The documentary Weiner resists explicit judgmental commentary but its fly-on-the-wall approach captures the embarrassment of all involved in his mayoral campaign. . .
The documentary is achingly confusing and true in a way we often associate with fiction.
It's this sentiment, paired with high-access insight into the mind of the subject, that makes Weiner such an interesting film.
If you feel like your cinematic diet has been a bit lacking in schadenfreude lately, then look no further than Weiner, an astounding internet-age documentary of hubris and disgrace, where no stupid behavior, once recorded, ever disappears.
A more accessible watch than one would expect from a politics documentary.
Watching his campaign derailed by yet more salacious revelations is like a slo-mo car crash, a queasy pleasure we're spared little of thanks to Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg's ever-present camera and Weiner's insatiable thirst for the spotlight.
Run, as they say, don't walk to the nearest theater showing Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg's spectacular new documentary.
The bizarre, engrossing story of New York Democratic politician Anthony Weiner is captured in all its pathetic glory in a documentary that will do nothing to redress the reputation of politicians as liars, hypocrites and opportunists.
With a humorous tone, this film describes the media hurricane that is unleashed when sex intersects with the politics. [Full review in Spanish]
What we do see of Weiner is compelling: he's arrogant and hot-tempered, but quite possibly well-meaning. And the movie is worth seeing just for its behind-the-scenes picture of a brassy American political campaign going seriously [wrong].
A scintillating documentary on the failed NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner.
What Weiner makes painfully clear is the collateral damage of Weiner's actions... To that extent, it's possible to share his politics and still see him as a fatally flawed vessel for them.
Weiner is Rehabilitation Lost.
Elyse Steinberg and Josh Kriegman's documentary may well be the ultimate political experience, capturing in excruciating detail the hopeful comeback and disastrous second defeat of former US Congressman Anthony Weiner.
A true "fly on the wall" documentary, "Weiner" gives the viewer almost unfettered access to the man and his campaign.
Yet simply to obsess over Weiner's personal failings is to miss a bigger tragedy...how politics and the media have come to collide and collude, and the deleterious-disastrous impact that has had on the world the rest of us have to inhabit.
I'm sure Weiner is mortified that his behavior is causing his wife ongoing humiliation to this day. But, after watching "Weiner," I'm not sure he's not secretly happy to see his name in the headlines again.
...the unjustified downfall of the movie's subject ultimately elevates Weiner above the level of a run-of-the-mill political portrait.
This territory might look parochial to an international audience, but Weiner (winner of the top doc award at this year's Sundance) is a tragicomic entertainment illuminating a number of current trends.
Weiner shows, without embellishment, without cinematic sleight of hand, that a person's worst enemy remains themselves.
An unblinking look at a political fiasco told as it happens.
Astonishing, a painfully intimate exposé of how politicians frame the truth ... [And] a scintillating glimpse into a unique political marriage.
In the end, it's hard to tell if his downfall is due to blind egotism or suicidal optimism.
Naturally, like all good attention-seeking egomaniacs with delusions of grandeur and infallibility, he had a camera crew following his every move. And for that, we are thankful because now we have Weiner.
This incredible documentary is a searing portrait in real time of a man's hopes and dreams going up in flames.
This is one hulluva documentary, and not because of Anthony Weiner's sexting about his weiner
It's a bit like watching a car crash: you simply can't look away
Compelling.
Weiner is, simply put, one of the most incredible things I've ever seen.
Weiner plays out like a Greek tragedy...
Weiner's even-handed look at the ups and downs of the partnership at the heart of the media circus raises the film from fascinating political procedural to a surprisingly effective relationship drama.
Weiner is the story of a rapid ride from comeback to meltdown. It's an enthralling journey to witness, even if you sometimes feel like averting your eyes.
This Sundance winner is a great documentary raised to distinction by virtue of the fact that directors Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg were already shooting a fly-on-the-wall doc on the man when the eruption took place.
Edited to perfection, this is like watching the slow-motion footage of a building collapsing.
The facts of the case are outlandish enough, but what's even more eye-opening is that so much of it has been documented in real time by directors Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg.
This extraordinary chronicle, characterised by extraordinary access and dozens of "No, really?" moments, offers a terrifying and cautionary tale of political hubris.
Fantastic filmmaking about a compelling man with an amazing, if car-crash story.
Weiner doesn't try to push the filmmakers away once the scandal breaks. They respond by treating their subject in an even-handed way.
Horribly compulsive viewing ...
Hugely watchable cautionary tale of Shakespearean proportions about 21st-century politics. Beautifully, nastily perfect in its ironies and twists.
You will often have to watch through your fingers, so cringe inducing are some of the scenes.
The sheer unlikeliness of a politician sharing a name with a slang term for the organ of his undoing reflects the sheer unlikeliness of almost every twist and turn in this fly-on-the-wall thrill ride.
A cautionary tale that is funny, sad, absurd and decidedly of our time, it's one for political junkies.
A case study in blunt-force media trauma.
An astounding chronicle of hubris.
It's Veep or In The Loop brought to life! But even more absurd and titillating. Weiner proves that truth is stranger than fiction.
The real feat here is that, despite the fact that Weiner is plainly addicted to power, the doc manages, occasionally, to make him sympathetic, especially when one of his sextees tries to exploit the situation.
One of the most memorable political documentaries ever made.
You want a warts-and-all portrait? You want a painful yet uplifting and unforgettable drama? Look no further. This is one of the best films of the year.
Yeah, you almost certainly know how this is going to play out, but that doesn't keep the film from being compelling and even fascinating.
If you think you have seen all of the most amazing documentaries in the world, you have another think coming.
Guess what else the fascinating Weiner exposes, above and beyond those salacious tweets?
"Why have you let me film this?" a voice behind the camera asks disgraced politician Anthony Weiner, who for a change can't spin an answer. It's a question the jaw-dropping documentary Weiner raises repeatedly.
Ridiculously entertaining.
Why? Why? Why? That's the big question that permeates the documentary. It is also what rivets us to the screen.
Like watching a train wreck in slow motion, though...the film actually moves quite briskly.
Running a taut 97 minutes, it's the must-see nonfiction film of the year.
It's the unprecedented level of access to the subject that makes Weiner a necessary and unflinching look at how the sausage of modern politics gets made.
While the feature doesn't always cut as deep as it could, it still captures an alarming intimacy with Anthony and his family, measuring the abyssal depth of his narcissism and envious command of delusion.
[A] fascinating documentary about a disgraced politician trying to claw his way back into the public's good graces, the media's obsession with titillation and confrontation, and a marriage seemingly near collapse under the shock of scandal.
There's plenty here for political junkies, and even more for those fascinated by the behind-the-scenes machinations that propelled this improbable redemption story.
... filmmakers hit pay dirt when they got Weiner to sit for them. He's an impassioned self-deceiver who's not afraid to infiltrate enemy territory ... Now if he could only keep his namesake in his pants.
The candidate's humor, misguidance, and determination make Weiner one of the greatest political portraits.
It's actually an eye-opening film, not because of Weiner's misdeeds but because anyone who watches it comes away with a degree of shame.
A can't-look-away documentary about the trainwreck 2013 mayoral run of her husband, Anthony Weiner.
If Weiner sounds like an amusing, even funny take-down of a narcissistic politician (and aren't they all), think again. It's illuminating, but not all that much fun, to watch a troubled man disintegrate in public.
If there's anyone who still thinks politics is boring, the fascinating and thought-provoking documentary Weiner will cure that misconception.
Filmmakers Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg got remarkable access to Weiner during the campaign, and -- to the politician's credit -- he allowed them to keep hanging around during some unbelievably cringey moments.
Easily escapes the fading headlines about a botched campaign to become an enduring portrait of a political animal caught in a technological trap.
A fascinating tragedy about getting exactly the politicians we deserve.
"Weiner" is a thorough examination of modern politics, the 24-hour news cycle and the grind of the campaign trail.
The result is a fascinating portrait of a politician - a man who, it seems, doesn't feel that he exists unless someone's looking at him.
It's a movie from which you can't look away, no matter how hard you may try.
Takes its place as one of the greatest behind-the-scenes political documentaries (Splice Today)
His vanity and his political flair, his authentic talent and his weakness of character come off as inseparable.
It's hard to shake the sense that Weiner's decision to cooperate so fully with the filmmakers emanates from the same place as his online sexual escapades: a horror of having no one there to listen to him, to help fill, moment by moment, some gnawing void.
The directors provide the rope, and Weiner willingly ties the knot and slips the noose around his neck.
Should this guy decide to attempt another comeback, he likely won't be hiring Kriegman and Steinberg to film it, but you kind of wish he would.
You can't look away, but it's almost painful to watch.
But if you've seen one Weiner... A rehash of unpleasant people and events.
There are lots of fly-on-the-wall documentaries. But occasionally there's one that makes you want to ask the fly: Just HOW did you get onto that wall, and how did you manage to stay there?
A beguiling look into the paradoxical and self-destructive nature of a man who, while earnest in his desire to serve the public, remains unable to shake a sex-trolling persona infamously known as Carlos Danger.
[Weiner is] either hyper-aware that his statements are going to be scrutinized or just flat-out lying ... It's difficult to tell if even he knows anymore.
"Weiner" is disappointing because it doesn't tell us anything we don't already know about this narcissistic congressman who seems headed for greatness but simply can't help himself.
The documentary doesn't delve deeply enough into Anthony Weiner's psychological makeup. But the film is entertaining on some level that satisfies our tacit fascination with celebrities who implode.
"Weiner" is an insightful, disturbing, and frustrating insider look at the politics of self-destruction.
The superbly edited film, with extraordinary intimate access based on deep trust, has a lot of insights about celebrity culture, media, and what we expect from politicians.
While the documentary is not essential viewing, you're likely to be drawn in if you do decide to watch it, finding yourself engrossed, repulsed, and perplexed in equal measure.
It's important to take a break here to understand something: There is nothing preventing Weiner from yelling "Cut!" on the whole production... He does not do that.
One of the most riveting and remarkable documentaries I have ever seen. If you have even the most remote interest in politics or human behavior, Weiner is a movie you cannot afford to miss under any circumstances.
"Weiner" is a fascinating look at one man's absolute addiction to the media spotlight, and how that addiction led to his downfall.
As brutal and compelling as a car-crash video.
Shame-filled documentary, relating an excruciating political suicide.
The movie's a galvanizing, tragicomic work of 21st-century schadenfreude, marred only by a barely repressed giddiness on the part of the filmmakers. But why shouldn't they be dazzled by their good fortune?
The timing of Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg's you-are-there documentary Weiner couldn't be better.
Weiner entertains us with a political train wreck in the making. You can't look away even as it comes up short on the tough questions, such as "Why?"
Told with riveting artistry and incredible access to the free-falling campaign, Weiner deserves a place in the pantheon of political documentaries.
On a thin, slightly soiled dime, "Weiner" pivots from the mother of all comeback stories to an alternately fascinating, mystifying and appalling portrait of the quest for power at its most obsessive and self-destructive.
Magnetic. And harrowing. And frustrating. And maddening. And a little sad.
A riveting portrait of a man so consumed by hubris and confidence that he is utterly blind to his failings.
The movie itself makes a compelling if rather hypocritical argument against relentless self-documentation of a life, however it's lived.
Mesmerizing ...
The movie goes from being interesting to riveting, from "Yes, this is quite good" to you-cannot-leave-your-seat-and-don't-even-want-to-blink.
You can't look away.
Kriegman and Steinberg were granted impressive access to Weiner and his embattled wife Huma Abedin throughout the project, and the authenticity and intimacy of their footage is unbeatable.
Well told tale, equal parts compelling and derailing... Adds credence to the Twain saying: truth is stranger than...
One of the most appalling, fascinating, even compelling portraits of a modern politician.
Weiner is the most exhilarating political doc you'll see all year. This is fast-paced, hilarious, stranger-than-fiction entertainment.
Drills down into the unique nature of American politics in the media-saturated, smartphone-enhanced, Twitter hot-takes age.
When you factor in politics or the media, manipulating whatever it is that makes you vulnerable is the only way to survive. Deception, as Weiner shows us, is just part of the game.
... an amusing and topical cautionary tale about how quickly campaign issues can become derailed by a tabloid sideshow.
The unprecedented access given filmmakers Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg is both the film's biggest asset and its most worrisome aspect...it gives the audience a creepy sense of eavesdropping on marital intimacies not meant for public consumption.
Kriegman and Steinberg's incredible access allows you to ride the whole roller coaster.
The documentary's strength is that it doesn't insist on a diagnosis. "Why have you let me film this?" asks Kriegman at the end, and his former boss has no answer.
It would make a great double bill with Client 9: The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer.
"Weiner" is not afraid to take its subject behind the woodshed, and more often than not, he goes willingly.
The narcissism is all up there onscreen, but shame will have to wait for the sequel.
Any normal person-which is to say, anyone who was not Anthony Weiner-would have told the filmmakers to pack up their cameras and go. But Weiner didn't.
I do not know if I would want a man like Anthony Weiner as my mayor but he is sure a heck of an interesting figure for the documentarians to showcase.
The filmmakers' cameras capture Weiner, perhaps best known for his career-crippling sexting scandals of 2011 and 2013, in a plethora of awkward, squirm-inducing, shameless, even clueless moments.
Absolutely fascinating, with nearly unlimited and almost unbearably close access. This is the political documentary you never thought you'd actually see.
[A] cringe-inducing portrait of an arrogant politician's self-immolation ...
Like a super-sized episode of 'Veep' but real and just as funny.
Weiner, an extraordinary documentary feature about the disgraced New York politician Anthony Weiner, has it all -- the surreal spectacle of contemporary retail politics, the sizzle of media madness and the mysteries of psychodrama.
If the filmmakers had an agenda besides studying Weiner's character, they did a great job of hiding it. Weiner shows many facets of his personality: He can be charming and funny, but he can also be a petulant, entitled jerk.
Even divorced from scandal, Weiner makes for a captivating, sadly comical look at the machinations of the political process.
According to "Weiner," some politicians are pathological creatures, wrapped in their egos, secure in their narcissism and addicted to constant attention. Yeah, well, tell us something we don't know. Somehow, though, this new documentary manages to.
This film doesn't lionize Weiner or justify anything he did. What it does is capture the frenzy of politics, the iron-clad egos of politicians, and the failure of the media to cover the parts of campaigning and government that actually matter.
This spellbinder about a politician in free fall would be hilarious if it weren't so agonizingly true.
You can watch years of political documentaries and never see a moments nearly as intimate and wrenching as the ones you see here.
As a chronicle of the political process (the heckling, the glad-handing, the soul-sucking fund-raising calls) and of the chum-hungry press corps that feeds on it, Weiner is fascinating.
Weiner is about as entertaining as a film about someone destroying a life and career can be. You can't turn away from the car wreck, and Weiner himself can't stop commenting on it.
Access to a subject is everything in a doc, and filmmakers Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg got it in spades with Weiner.
Like its subject itself, "Weiner" is a flawed product - brilliant for a while but ultimately disappointing.
Weiner is a tabula rasa doc - one of the most provocative of its kind I've seen. Everyone's bound to have a different perspective.
Non-judgmental although inviting viewer verdict, 'Weiner' traces with humor a scandal that showcases foolishness, bad taste, idealism, cynicism, ethno-religious animosity, and the media obscenity of popular culture.
He seemingly lets the camera into almost every nook and cranny, so that a picture emerges of not only him but the media goldfish bowl people like him inhabit.
What Kriegman and Steinberg put across most vividly is a mixture of sympathy and exasperation for the candidate, and there are moments where Weiner at least flirts with the truth behind opening oneself up for a second round of public flogging.
"Weiner" emerges as the political film for this election cycle, the tragicomedy we deserve.
Weiner takes you deep into one of the fundamental mysteries of democratic life: the dangers and benefits of the emotions that drive our true political animals.
The problem is that Weiner tells a fully expected story, leveraging laughs out of the politician's pre-mocked predicament, and shaping near-silent appearances by Abedin into a sympathy-courting foil.
Slickly packaged but also consistently entertaining.
Plenty of political docs let us see a campaign confronting bad news, but this is a doozy, and the level of access here makes the film hard to turn away from.
Weiner feels like a wasted opportunity from filmmakers who were too enamored of their subject and their timing to realize a larger context.
There was a horrible inevitability to the fact that Anthony Weiner's career in the US Congress would end in sexual scandal, but watching him try to rejuvenate his flagging fortunes amidst a modern media circus is fascinating.
The result is a dramatically compelling saga rife with urgency, but it often pitches into the realm of a black comedy.
A rollicking, highly entertaining, very instructional cautionary tale.
Josh Kriegman and Elyse Sternberg's film never discovers a greater purpose beyond its undeniable sideshow appeal.
"Weiner" has drama, laughs and surprises. It's the full package.
A rollicking and never-dull insider's view of a political campaign that leaves fascinating questions unanswered.
A compelling, deep dive into a scandal that so many, especially the New York Post and Stephen Colbert, had painted as the simple - and crude - case of one prurient politician.

@highlight

Weiner uses sharp insight and untrammeled access to offer a portrait of a political and personal collapse that's as queasy as it is undeniably compelling.