If superhero movies were once plagued by excessive silliness, Man of Steel suffers from an excess of dignity.
My honest opinion? I loved this movie.
The Superman movie I've always wanted to see on the big screen. A brilliant modern take on the iconic hero. [Full review in Spanish]
At first pass it works but upon revisiting it, it just doesn't hold up.
This Superman has the rare ability of making us look back fondly on 2006's nostalgic Superman Returns-a film that elicited a nearly universal "meh."
Too many amazements can lead to audience exhaustion, especially when the film runs more than two hours.
Man of Steel is the movie of the summer. It's the Superman movie we deserve. And it's about time.
Snyder is an adrenaline junkie forever jonesing for a fix; he does less building to the action beats than backing each one into the next.
A curiously empty exercise in blockbuster filmmaking, Man Of Steel is full of sound and fury signifying... you know what.
A hugely impressive and entertaining story of arguably the most powerful character in the superhero pantheon (and also one of the biggest pop culture icons), it's clear that the Man of Steel is here to stay.
I'm excited to see where Man of Steel goes, now that it's accomplished its own bit of world building. There's every reason to expect the inevitable sequels will be better.
What's missing in Snyder's Superman is a dash of the hokey goodness that Christopher Reeve contributed to the role and the comic cold cheesiness that Gene Hackman and Terrence Stamp brought as Luthor and Zod.
Man of Steel is a very good superhero movie, but it's not necessarily a fun superhero movie.
I wish it had done more than just include lots of shots of people looking reverentially up in the sky, but it does open up some promising avenues for the series going forward.
It's bland and boring.
[Henry Cavill's] only apparent superpower is boring the audience.
Man of Steel chooses breakneck speed over character development, and there are times when everyone in the room will be looking at each other to see if anyone is following what's happening.
This is not a missed opportunity which rightfully elicits a sigh, but inert big-budget spectacle that is nigh deserving of contempt.
A movie about the clash of gods should feel more epic, more awestruck, less in a hurry to get to the next uninspired plot point.
The plot's sci-fi gobbledygook gets awfully unwieldy, and I wish the colors had popped instead of settling for such dreary realism. But this is a movie with a big heart, just like its hero.
Clark's multiple father-and-son tales are beautifully realized and it's a very fun movie to watch. However, the romance is shallow.
...while it doesn't achieve the brilliance of the modern Batman franchise, and while it certainly has a few flaws... the action is undeniably well-done and there are still good character bits throughout.
A robotic exercise in moviemaking that will no doubt satisfy the requirements of millions of distracted moviegoers who no longer require absolute engagement to be entertained-and who might, in fact, prefer exactly that.
A gritty, realistic story shot by a director whose instincts constantly push him away from grit and realism, and into flash and fantasy.
Despite its excessive running time, and slightly meandering narrative, Man of Steel has definitely earned its place amongst recent comic-book adaptations, standing tall in the DC / Marvel cinematic universe.
Christliness has always been an element of the Superman myth. But this film's near literal insistence upon it becomes absurd since director Zack Snyder and screenwriter David S. Goyer don't dramatize the analogy, they presume it.
Like the man with a hammer to whom every problem looks like a nail, to Nolan and Goyer, every superhero universe apparently looks like Gotham City.
Action-packed, briskly-paced and featuring a stellar cast, Man of Steel is the best Superman film since the 1978 original and proves DC can match Marvel in the massive scale department.
Action scenes shouldn't be dull, especially large-scale ones devastating half of a city, but that's exactly what threatens to happen here.
[Zach] Snyder who made his mark with the film 300 can manipulate images but fails to bring them to life.
A definite step-up from the last attempt to revive this character, but there's something still missing from this origin story. Other franchise builders have done more with less, but here that isn't for lack of trying.
Zack Snyder's Man of Steel is a gritty and realistic take on one of the most iconic superheroes ever. It's visually astonishing and action-packed.
MAN OF STEEL is everything you've ever wanted in a Superman movie
Action-filled but less than super: yet another summer blockbuster
No fun costume change in a phone booth, no wowing humans with his powers and no repartee with reporter Lois Lane.
A solid film, but a solid Superman?
Snyder delivers the type of undeniable, overwhelming charge with which he's become Sny-nonymous, and his affinity for spectacle strongly courses throughout.
The screenplay by David S. Goyer is like an arm wrestling match between brain and muscle, and when one takes charge the other falls out of line.
Uma boa releitura do personagem. Se era necessária, porém, é outra história.
The worst Superman movie since 1987's Superman IV: The Quest for Peace...
Man Of Steel plunges headfirst into a loud, breathless science-fiction slugfest, offering much spectacle but little wonder.
Super-duper-overStatement. A cataclysm-caravan of speeches, doomed and desolate landscapes, proclamations of glorious destiny or rebirth, and sprawling, stone-faced seriousness. Can't save itself from self-suffocating grandiosity.
For two-thirds of the running time, the film is grandly entertaining.... But then, as we get into the climactic battles, the level of wanton destruction becomes excessive, even tacky.
The battles between Superman and the evil Kryptonians set a new standard for on-screen urban destruction, but they also give us pause: Aren't hundreds, even thousands being killed in the riveting, spectacular smashing of skyscraper after skyscraper?
Man Of Steel suffers most in its final hour where in degenerates into a seen-it-all-before, CGI-laden action fest.
Man of Steel indirectly tackles the conundrum of how a mankind engrained in monolithic religion greets the concrete proof of a mythological figure. Is it possible for an alien from Krypton to reside alongside an unquestioning faith in Christ?
The movie consists of endless declamation, endless violence.
Superman's grand, mythic nature is both his greatest strength as a character and his fatal weakness. Man of Steel can't quite overcome this, but it's a heck of a lot of fun watching it try.
While it gives you your fix, it doesn't put Superman back on top of our cinematic superheroes.
Although the CGI takes over far too many times, the personality and inner torment of the 'Man of Steel' win out over the special effects.
Though fans might miss the levity that made Richard Donner's classic 1978 film Superman: The Movie such a game-changing joy, the thing that really sells this respectful reboot is the dramatic conviction underlying all the mega-scale mayhem.
With a gray and gritty palette and interesting structure, offers its share of thrills but may be too somber overall to appease the typical summer blockbuster fan.
In many ways, this is the strongest Superman reboot for a long time. Yet the story manages to be both rushed and overlong, and Snyder doesn't know when to say stop.
It'll be controversial, but to hell with it: Michael Shannon is a better General Zod than Terrence Stamp. There. I said it.
For all its ambition, Man Of Steel fails to soar, instead crashlanding in a humourless, melodramatic mess of explosions.
A mostly-entertaining dark science-fiction parable about morality.
A superhero boom crash opera
Snyder largely succeeds in creating an epic piece of blockbuster filmmaking that still understands the value of smaller, intimate moments.
Man of Steel fails to get off the ground, with Snyder's overblown display of style smothering the many interesting moments that delve into the man behind the red cape.
Parental drama is Man of Steel's most potent weapon. For all of the film's issues - and they will be discussed - it resonated on a deeply emotional level. That alone helps it to stand tall above the pack.
The film is about finding your inner child and acceptance and maturing into something greater. This is what gives me hope for the inevitable sequel.
The problem with Man of Steel is that while the background story and character development are solid, the action sequences are distressingly generic and bland.
An unceasing torrent of CGI explosions, destruction and superhuman Kryptonian combat, Man of Steel is more bang for your summer movie buck, but would there was magic and spark to go along with all that muscle.
Good old fashioned fun is treated as something passé in Zack Snyder's Superman reboot, which is long, laborious and repetitive.
Re-booting the franchise is fraught with Kryptonite, however. And the filmmakers paralyze the audience with repetitive fight sequences
The movie is so jam-packed and busy that it's essentially an origin story, a coming-of-age story, a science fiction film, a superhero movie, an alien invasion, and a disaster movie all bumping into each other.
Man of Steel proves a Saturday afternoon B movie remains that no matter how big the budget or how much CGI work is done. It's in the film's DNA - the screenplay ... it sinks under the weight of its own overheated, overstated cinematic fat suit
The film is an adrenalin rush - a welcome jab in the arm and a large-scale escapist fantasy that propels us up, up and away
Chaotic and unfocused.
Snyder's style is all about the iconography of rippling muscles and fights to the death; it's the down-to-earth elements of the Superman mythos that get short shrift here.
Cavill makes a super Superman but the film drags a little and could use some humor.
Was it in Shannon's contract to have the same amount of screen time as the title character? Trouble is, he's as overdone as the product placements that are immune to the destruction.
I like this latest version of Superman. I was expecting a darker, more depressing movie with the sado-masochistic overtones, of say, the recent Batman movies. Thankfully, this superhero movie is more upbeat than I expected.
While expertly rendered by the film's army of special effects artists, the violence feels simultaneously bloated and empty, yet another exercise in wide-scale cinematic decimation without any sense of humanity or the weight of its loss.
I'm convinced there's probably a pretty darn good 105-minute movie wrapped inside this unwieldy 143-minute one -- not that we'll ever see it
An occasionally exciting, intelligent and visually impressive sci-fi adventure with a fine cast. It is also frequently excessive and over-produced, but then what else should one expect from a summer blockbuster?
Snyder gives fans and general audiences a chance to revel in everything Superman is capable of, as writer Goyer cultivates the man and the hero...
The good and grand things outnumber the bad, but the film works as hard as it can to keep that from being the case.
"Man of Steel" shows evidence that [the filmmakers] were on the right track, but then they allowed the film to de-evolve into a chaotic mess.
Eschews camp and lends Superman a genuinely fantastic, spiritual heft, one that grounds the ruthless destruction to come and elevates it above mere popcorn spectacle.
I know I feel cheated. I wonder what the real fans will think.
Red underpants and kryptonite are conspicuously absent, but this dour picture still feels overfamiliar and rote.
It's good to have Superman back.
The film is a load of repetitive tosh, featuring in every sequence of its 143 minutes more special effects than God used when he created the world, ending with a list of credits longer than many a telephone directory.
As a science fiction action extravaganza, I can't fault the latest from director Zack Snyder. But as a fun Superman comic book popcorn flick, I certainly can.
An oppressive movie filled with a blaring seriousness, inconsistent production design, mundane conflict, heavy exposition and a huge amount of super-destructive action that leads to nothing.
You'll believe a man can frown. A lot.
"Man of Steel" is an exciting film that every super hero fan will love.
I like this movie in spite of itself, I guess. At the very least I have to hand it to the film that it's not as awful as its 2006 predecessor.
Forget all of the Supermen of the past. Like it or not, purists, Man of Steel is the kind of theatrical reboot Superman has needed for a while.
With Zack 'Watchman' Snyder and Christopher 'Dark Knight' Nolan behind the film, it's no surprise the mood should be dark and serious. If you're hankering after the playful innocence of Christopher Reeve's Superman, you'll definitely be disappointed.
The joyless pic never won my heart.
Unfortunately, I cannot get past the length of "Man of Steel". It is a huge problem with many films these days, particularly with this genre. Entertain us, please --- don't overwhelm and bore us!
Rest easy, Christopher Reeve fans. He's still the best Superman ever, and Margot Kidder is still the number one Lois Lane.
A highly enjoyable film, but a little less noise and a little more humanity would have made it a better one.
Hopelessly convoluted in a way that only a cast this good could save.
Man of Steel offers nothing but torturous exposition, heavy-handed symbolism, criminally ill-used actors and a numbing finale that would be right at home in a Transformers sequel. It's one massive superbore.
I doubt that Russell Crowe ever imagined he'd be on screen saying, "Krypton is doomed."
Henry Cavill gives us something we haven't gotten on film in a while: a SUPERman, with all the awesome power the name implies.
"Man of Steel" gives the last son of Krypton an action-packed origin story with a minimum of camp and an intense emotional authenticity.
Abs of Steel, not a Script of Steel.
DC still has much to learn from rival Marvel in the filmmaking realm, but Man of Steel at least offers hope. Hope, and a slight headache
There's very little humor or joy in this Superman story.
We're dazzled while unmoved.
It's the pointed focus on science fiction that elevates Man of Steel beyond that of "just another Superman movie."
The film's expository dialogues get in the way of otherwise great images...
...a 2:20 display of special effects that is occasionally marred by the appearance of A-List actors and a pretty good story that detract from the mind-numbing special effects.
the Batman Begins of Superman movies, carrying all the positive and negative connotations that come along with it.
There's plenty to like in Snyder's hectic, rowdy film. But by the time we reach the bludgeoning excesses of the last half-hour it's hard to shake the sense that this was an opportunity at least partially missed.
Man of Steel plays like two movies in one. One film is the familiar story of Earth's invasion by merciless aliens. The other, better movie is about a young man discovering his identity and purpose.
Man of Steel is the Superman movie I've been hoping someone would eventually make. This is awesome popcorn entertainment that doesn't neglect substance.
Spectacular but empty. Looking for Nolan's trademark solemnity? It's there. How about a dour, pensive hero? Yup, got that too. What it doesn't have is much character or soul.
There's nothing very astonishing about this, despite layers upon layers of effects.
The attempt to do something different and a bit darker is admirable but this Superman doesn't fly, it just assaults the senses. Where's the fun?
Man of Steel (has) a cold heart that no amount of spectacle can compensate for.
From an action stand point, MAN OF STEEL delivers. But, I didn't connect with it on an emotional level, which would be fine if this was something like G.I. JOE... but this is SUPERMAN. There should be more to it than just a couple of swell battle scenes.
The Man of Steel is not super, man. Not even close.
The filmmakers throw us a curve by telling the story in non-linear fashion.
Superman's brawl with Zod is interminable, an ungodly overload of CGI that amounts to a special effects bludgeoning.
Cavill broods handsomely as Superman, but this reboot skimps on fun and romance.
Superman's back in brooding, action-packed reboot.
The original superhero is given the sense of spectacle he deserves - but this is a cold, emotionless film that never makes us care for Superman the way he's supposed to care about us.
Mantra 2: Zack Snyder should take his title too literally and pack his film with imagery of steel - Krypton could be called Planet Metallica.
Snyder's reboot provides not only breathtaking spectacle, but some unexpected depth and melancholy.
The movie delivers on the promise of its title and then some.
Towers with ambition, swelled by sweeping philosophies about power and presence on scales both planetary and personal, beautifully balanced by a wellspring of wry tragedy.
What "Man of Steel" does have are several good ideas that never really pay off.
A satisfying blockbuster with real-world sensibility and sci-fi fantasy, Man of Steel deserves to be the iconic Superman movie for a new generation.
Superman gets the Dark Knight treatment, as Christopher Nolan offers a much grittier, more intensely personal look at the biggest superhero of them all.
There are so many great things in Man of Steel and yet none of them quite knows where to go.
Zack Snyder marries Hans Zimmer's brilliant film score with the non-stop action resulting in an insane amount of Nerd Tears! Emotional and action-packed! Skip the 3D.
A much darker take on the Superman mythos than we're used to. The casting is perfect in all respects. This is an action packed start to what should be an exciting new franchise.
Has something that both "Dark Knight" films lacked: excitement. It grabs you viscerally, delivers emotionally. It may be the best big movie of the summer.
Man of Steel is no fun, whether Superman broods or is in action. Endless, mindless, explosive, stultifying action.
'Man of Steel' is at its best when living, breathing actors share the screen and, in spite of any shortcomings, this movie is still leaps and bounds better than the dull and quickly forgotten 'Superman Returns.'
It's like a sprawling mega-budget CGI movie about other sprawling mega-budget CGI movies.
Engaging, entertaining, and refreshingly sincere.
Man of Steel keeps Superman -- and the aspirational spirit he represents -- grounded and it's a less heroic movie for it.
When viewed on its own, it's an okay superhero flick and fits in with many of its recent rock 'em, sock 'em contemporaries. Yet, it pales considerably when compared to the 1978 film. (Full Parental Review also available)
Nolan, Snyder, Goyer, and company ground the Man of Steel in reality. But when something is grounded, can you expect it to soar?
An oddly-disappointing action-packed film that feels more like a science fiction epic than a Superman reboot.
To quote the Joker in "The Dark Knight," "Why so serious?" There's no joy in this story.
While it gets a "fix" rating for what it gets right, the film is uneven and exhausting. Clearly, the success of Marvel's "The Avengers" has had an indirect and unfortunate impact on the once classic narrative.
The alien-turned-vigilante is in virtually every scene, but somehow contrives to be invisible throughout.
Man of Steel is an expensive set-up piece that puts everything and everyone in the familiar positions, but moves no further.
Man of Steel packs quite a wallop. A few too many wallops, as it turns out.
The chief problem here is one of rhythm and balance in the storytelling and directing. The movie swings between destructive overstatement and flat-footed homilies.
While the story may fall apart in the last several minutes, "Man of Steel" connects on a strong emotional and spiritual level, presenting the audience with a man who must come to grips with a destiny that is not of his own choosing.
It's not bad, despite its runaway length, and Cavill looks likely to be the poster boy for a whole new generation of fans.
Look, this is an often-stunning event film. It's big and bold, with a scope and scale that's virtually unparalleled in the genre. But so much of that work is squandered on stuff that doesn't matter.
Costner is especially impressive, bringing a quiet American strength and beauty to his role even in brief moments.
Bottom line is Man of Steel is the best Superman to date. For anyone with nostalgic memories of the first Richard Donner Superman movies, watch it again.
Mr. Cavill distinguishes himself as a worthy successor to Christopher Reeve although one charged with much more physically punishing scenes and almost no hint of Clark Kent as sweet bumbler.
Snyder cranks up the apocalyptic donnybrook, sending the combatants blasting through skyscrapers and punching one another into exploding tanker trucks, but all that down-to-earth character stuff does help make it more potent.
Man of Steel suffers from too much Lois Lane just as Iron Man 3 suffered from too much Pepper Potts.
Like Robert Shaw in "From Russia With Love," Shannon comes across as a villain who can actually kick the Man of Steel's butt!
When the movie sticks with this storyline, or with the science-fiction elements of his trip to Earth and his purpose here, it's a compelling new look at one of the most famous origin stories in comics.
This is the right Superman at the right time, the return that feels most welcome.
44 beautifully-constructed trailers strung together in the world's most expensive promo reel.
Some films make you wish you were 12 again so you could appreciate them as they deserve.
It all gets exhaustingly bombastic although, sequence by sequence, Man of Steel is something worth seeing.
WORTH SEEING, BUT BARELY: Man of Steel is the nearly the best movie it could have been, save for the giant single-bound CGI leaps during the scenes in which Kal-El harnesses his super powers.
Cavill makes for a very solid Superman but it's a one-note portrait thanks to the limited screenplay.
Just as things get interesting, attempts at characterisation are shredded as Snyder unleashes the big guns for a finale ripped straight from the Michael Bay 'more-is-less' school of filmmaking.
...a middling effort which features neither the character-based wit of the Avengers films or the Wagnerian grandeur of the Dark Knight trilogy.
[Its] aspiration isn't consistent from start to finish, and Cavill, though he's good-looking and seriously cut, isn't particularly memorable.
Talent is crushed.
Mistakes serious faces and shaky-cammed anarchy for what it so desperately needed most: a sense of wonder and a beating heart.
The mechanical storytelling swamps a first-rate cast.
Man of Steel contains little fun apart from the visceral thrill of seeing objects smashed in one of its endless action sequences.
For now, audiences can only speculate as to the hidden depths of Cavill, who in Zack Snyder's busy, bombastic creation myth is reduced to little more than a joyless cipher or dazzling physical specimen.
Snyder provides an elegantly illuminated retelling of the origin story of that most saintly of superheroes, Superman.
You get the feeling [Snyder] would rather have chucked the entire back story, not to mention the front story, and just delivered up nonstop bashing. Which he sort of does anyway.
Man of Steel isn't a flop. Nor does it go up, up and away. As far as movie relaunches go, this one's OK.
Man of Steel marks an unexpectedly dour revisionist retelling of the Superman myth, a 2 1/2-hour epic laden with emotionally misconnecting characters prone to uttering speeches in lieu of actual conversations.
Man of Steel is a huge production, and the money is splashed across the screen in endless special effects and lots of action. What are missing are the moments of surprise and humour: the joys of seeing the superhero making everyday magic.
A phenomenal game-changer that could potentially redefine the world's most famous superhero for a new generation of moviegoers in the same way as Nolan's 'Dark Knight' trilogy.
This is exactly the kind of reboot that the franchise desperately needed... a massive and incredibly enjoyable step in the right direction.
Batman is serious. Iron Man is funny. I'm perfectly fine with Superman just being badass.
Man of Steel gives us some things we might never have expected from Superman but doesn't give the character what he needs to thrive.
Man of Steel is a chill-inducing visual spectacle that is absolutely Herculean in nature with a downright glorious performance by Michael Shannon, an epic score, and extremely intense action.
Man of Steel is entertaining, often engaging, and frequently exhilarating, but it never digs deeper than its basic ideas
By the end, Man of Steel has mutated into just another superhero action movie, with explosions galore and city buildings toppling like so many Legos. Lather, rinse, repeat. That's too bad because ... Man of Steel has so much going for it.
Man of Steel's violence doesn't escalate; it simply, tediously, iterates. We keep waiting to thrill, to exult, to cheer our hero on. When the lights come up, we're still waiting.
For those who crave cinematic mayhem, Man of Steel is right up your alley (and it will make a ton of money).
This is less an updating of Superman than a downgrade.
There is a lot to like about Man of Steel ... but it could be better. There is a lot of room to grow and hopefully the next try will be better yet.
Mr. Kent somberly wanders the Midwest, pondering the struggles of being an incredibly handsome alien with perfect hair, steel pecs and a natural six pack. The film struggles, never finding the balance of action and the 'deep' storyline.
Man of Steel is a bumpy ride for sure. But there's no way to stay blind to its wonders.
While the final fight sequences go on too long, the movie is for the most part a thoughtful reimagining of the 75-year-old character.
What seals the movie's doom ... is its surrender to the lower power of coarsegrained action and computer-generated images of inexplicable banality.
Man of Steel is just the same old same old.
"Man of Steel" doesn't do quite as much damage to the 75-year-old hero, but next time out I hope his lighter spirits are allowed to soar.
"Watching 'Man of Steel' is just an exhausting experience" (Full review in Spanish)
Man of Steel starts feeling like just another generic superhero movie - the exact opposite to the radical and unique stamp Nolan placed on the Dark Knight trilogy
"Man of Steel" is visually spectacular but, for the most part, emotionally distant. It's just another $200 million superhero movie and another wasted opportunity.
For those looking for a Superman tale well-told, or signs that the DC Comics universe may finally be ready to give Marvel a run for its money in the multiplexes -- there's nothing to see here.
Every opportunity for humor, compassion or plausible responses to otherworldly phenomena is buried beneath product placements and CGI special effects.
Not the Superman movie we need, but the one we deserve.
[Some] elements give this franchise reboot a perfunctory feeling. But then a detail emerges, the mythology kicks in or the reinvention makes sense, and the elements feel connected in a way that offers a fresh perspective on a familiar thing.
This is not your father's Superman, but he could be your mom's.
Man of Steel can't erase the memory of Christopher Reeve, who made us believe that a man could fly. But it's the Superman this century deserves, shucked of some of his aw-shucks mannerisms while retaining the Kansas-bred Clark Kent earnestness.
Snyder has cast Man of Steel with dramatic actors, not action stars, and it pays off.
If Man of Steel is Snyder at his most conventional, he's still more inspired and innovative than his competition.
Perhaps one of the most brave and unusual aspects of Man of Steel is the fact that by the time the credits roll, there seems to be a world of possibilities for the future.
[Nolan and Goyer's] screenplay is a big improvement over the previous one, mainly because they've created a satisfying arc between the hero's genesis story and the big battle at the end.
In 35 years' time, I rather suspect today's popcorn fix will simply be described as 'pants'.
This is a film we are to take seriously, because nothing says serious more than watching men in capes hitting each other with cars.
As enjoyable as the action is, the final battle between Zod and Superman is city-smashing disaster porn that makes the final scene in Avengers look like a model of tasteful restraint.
Pushes all the right buttons, with terrific action sequences, superb performances, a strong script, state-of-the-art special effects and a wonderful new score from Hans Zimmer.
Mr. Snyder isn't capable of mythmaking, but in his sometimes poetic, sometimes crude way, he has given Superman a new lease on franchise life by affirming that this most American hero is also an alien yearning to breathe free.
This Superman fails to take off
We look. We gape in despair. We weep a too-late tear for Christopher Reeve.
This is a great, big, meaty, chewy superhero adventure, which broadly does what it sets out to do, though at excessive length.
Man Of Steel is the real deal. Director Zach Snyder embraces the darker tone of the Batman trilogy, making Superman more shadow than sunshine.
Predictable action crushes character & story. If all you want is blockbuster action it's there and Cavill wins Best Looking Superman. If you want more revisit a Dark Knight.
Director Zack Snyder gets mired down in origin story-itis, dwelling on the science fiction aspects that have less to do with the Superman than his planet's story. It's telling that the film's most emotional and heroic scene belongs to Kevin Costner.
Very Muddled
At the end of the day Man of Steel is yet another tedious origin story that boils down to a Real Estate scheme and giant Spider ships. Superman is not Batman, he is not supposed to be dark, gritty, and joyless. Where is the hope?
Super? No. But it's good.
Part Superman, part Superman II, part Thor and part Dieux du Stade calendar shoot
There's no reason why a superhero film can't dabble in darkness, but in the process Snyder forgets to make his movie fun.
No Clark Makes for Cold "Steel"
By focusing on the super and not the man Man of Steel doesn't deliver Superman.
Zack Snyder's epic adaptation gives this generation a Superman movie to call its own. Call it "Superman Begins".
[It] is thoughtfully crafted and occasionally breathtaking; what it isn't, unfortunately, is much fun.
A long slog through familiar elements of current action-blockbuster filmmaking.
Warners has its Superman franchise back. What they do with it now remains to be seen.
It's a technically impressive film with a lovely score from Hans Zimmer and some strong supporting performances, all sucked into the joyless machine of Goyer's script and self-important direction of Mr. Snyder.
Henry Cavill is the best looking Superman yet. He is also the dullest.
Where is Superman? The one I've known and loved for more than 50 years is nowhere to be found, replaced by a plastic, uncharismatic Superdude, who'd make a great fashion model, but is a horrid Man of Steel.
Man of Steel is not a graceful movie, in form or subject. It is about things getting smashed. The finale is a month of Sept. 11ths.
In Snyder, Nolan and Goyer, the Man of Steel has found an unlikely dream team able to make him soar once again.
It's a triumph of spectacle over content.
"Man of Steel" is second-tier and third-generation Chris Nolan-flavored neo-superhero material.
If you like your summer-movie explosions huge, "Man of Steel" delivers. But it seems as if it might have delivered even more than a glorious noise.
It's a measure of Cavill's intelligence that you can feel him resisting Goyer and Snyder's most egregious errors of judgment as Man Of Steel shakes itself apart.
Even though some of the attempts at gravitas don't work, the movie does make you believe that a flying man in tights is a thing of scary awe.
The action is plentiful and thumping; Marvel-size thrills await you and the generations of kids who still believe in Superman.
All surface and no heart, no brains, no guts. (spoiler review)
[Cavill is] a superb choice for someone who needs to convincingly convey innate modesty, occasional confusion and eventual strength.
Henry Cavill has the strapping good looks of the comic icon, and humanity to match his superheroism.
All its faux-patriotism isn't played for satire, but instead utilized to align the film with an idyllic, unquestioned vision of goodness.
It's a monotonous pounding that's meant to exhaust not inspire, which plays to Snyder's strengths, yet results in a mediocre, cold-to-the-touch endeavor trying too hard to follow superhero cinema trends.
The Superman franchise gets a muscular reboot in Zach Synder's Man of Steel
This is probably the last origin story for Kal-El that we ever need to see... the sophisticated foundation it creates allows future installments to function as more than victory laps, without requiring them to adhere to a purely melodramatic tone.
Even the skilled and much-admired Nolan has allowed the brooding pretentiousness to escalate and overshadow the primal joy that we basically expect from pulp fiction.
By effectively denying Superman his defining traits-his complex relationships to duty and humanity-the movie robs the character of any depth or agency.
Cavill and Adams didn't have much time to bond before shooting, but they nail it. He's sturdy but tormented; she's tough and feisty.
Man of Steel is spectacular on every level and is what every superhero movie will need to aspire to from here-on in.
The movie isn't dead on arrival, like Snyder's over-reverent Watchmen. But it's pleasure-free.
This is a fantastic summer movie featuring a superhero that I was so excited to finally see fly back into theaters. "Man of Steel" shows nothing but promise for the future of Superman and DC Comics.
It's not a bad time at the movies as far as alien movies go; it just doesn't have the Superman magic.
Oh Superman, what did you do to deserve Zack Snyder?
I still don't think anyone's made an incredible Superman movie, but at least Man of Steel made me believe that it's possible.
It's like Superman taking a punch from a human; you feel nothing.
You'll believe a man can mope.
Zack Snyder, Christopher Nolan and David S. Goyer have managed to become Superman's very own Kryptonite, stripping the iconic character of his greatest assets: wit, charm, and most importantly, hope.
"Man of Steel" has a scope that's hard to resist, but what's missing is a sense of lightness, of pop joy.
Man of Steel is short on the super, heavy on the morals and hardly a bold reinvention - yet as an(other) introduction to the titular do-gooder, it just about flies.
A renewal of all-around, long overdue Man of Steel movie mojo, expertly pitched to modern times and modern movie tastes.
"Man of Steel" has too many characters and too much plot, resulting in a movie that feels overstuffed and overlong.
Nothing will go down in history ... but Man of Steel still makes an impact. Whether you emerge energised or simply dazed, you'll know your blocks have been well and truly busted.
Cavill looks great in the key outfit. Maybe that's enough.
Despite an obscene budget that could have made a giant stride in the cure for cancer, there isn't much originality, and the whole endeavor appears to be the work of grown men who never outgrew puberty.
The casting is impeccable, beginning with Cavill as an uncommonly brooding but refreshingly deep Superman. The script doesn't give him much to say, but it doesn't need to.
Utterly devoid of wit or charm
Man of Steel is the prayer answered for those who wanted more punch in their Superman.
The movie opens on Superman's home planet of Krypton, and in a sense it never leaves.
Combining fantasy with reality, making familiar things new and new things familiar - it's the most exhilarating comic book movie of the summer.
Mostly, the minutes stretch into great expanses of blahness, much of them filled with Transformers-grade skyscraper snapping and bloodless catastrophe.
Never has a race to save the fate of humankind seemed so tedious.
Where Man of Steel really succeeds is in its power to connect, emotionally and spiritually, with its audience.
The result is a film that, while relentlessly grim and badly in need of humor, manages to be a smart, nuanced take on the Superman mythology.
"Man of Steel" mostly delivers. And credit for that goes to its director.
Despite some true-blue juice, "Man of Steel" has flaws it can't overcome.
This rather dour but aggressively whiz-bang take on Superman's first appearance on earth is intriguing up to a point, but...it won't blow you away.
A Superman for the 21st Century, this sweeping epic soars, bursting with ambition, a keen sense of drama and some knockout special effects.
It's a thumping, gauntlet-clad fist of a movie, making its impact with brute force, then letting shockwaves reverberate through you.
'Man of Steel' is punchy, engaging and fun, even if it slips into a final 45 minutes of explosions and fights during which reason starts to vanish and the science gets muddy.
Man Of Steel just keeps bouncing from big scene to big scene. What's missing is the strong connective tissue inbetween them - the film doesn't earn its big moments and this highlight-reel cinema leaves little room for character development.
There's almost a story here. And the actors, including the picture's quietly dazzling star, Henry Cavill, do their damnedest to draw it out.
As a popcorn movie, this is a full bucket.
The movie can't decide if it wants to be a particularly thoughtful brand of superhero saga or a deafeningly generic summer action movie. So it ends up being both, to the detriment of it and us.
[Snyder] does a highly respectable, and sometimes inspired job of retooling the basic Superman mythology in "Man of Steel.''
The gravity that cloaks ''Man of Steel'' is merely an en vogue costume.
Zack Snyder's huge, backstory-heavy extravaganza is a rehab job that perhaps didn't cry out to be done but proves so overwhelmingly insistent in its size and strength that it's hard not to give in.
A bracing attempt to bring the legend back into contention that successfully separates itself from other Super-movies but misses some of their warmth and charm.
The ambition to make a grittier kind of Superman pic is certainly admirable, but much of what Snyder and Goyer set out to fix wasn't really broken in the first place.
Man of Steel begins to labour even as the visual spectacle intensifies: no amount of whip-pans and crash-zooms, spaceship flameouts or collapsing edifices can compensate for an inert focal relationship.
It feels the right Superman origin story for our era, and teases what would be a welcome new superfranchise.
There are moments where Man Of Steel feels too earnest, too in thrall to the gravity of its own mythology. And then Superman punches Zod through a city block and all is forgiven.
[This] is the Superman movie I've waited my whole life to see.
At once vaster in scope than any superhero movie yet produced, and as intimately, crushingly emotional as any other entry in the genre, Man of Steel lands with the precise, explosive weight of a true historical milestone.
In essence Man of Steel is a perfect companion piece to Nolan's Batman Begins. It takes the well-loved, well-worn bones of the beloved source material and creates a new world around them.
The film doesn't lack for spectacle, but after a while its emphasis on grand gestures and unwavering gravitas stops feeling heroic and begins to seem like overkill.
Whatever.
The best superhero action ever put to film
Now that the requisite origin story has been accomplished, the movie lays the ground for some thrilling sequels featuring a Superman who's both exactly what people want to see and a significantly different take on a well-established character.
"Man of Steel" takes a fresh approach to the well-worn origin of the Superman narrative (first published as Action Comics #1 in 1938).
Awe-inspiring and, by far, the best Superman movie ever made.
Goyer and Nolan have crafted in Man of Steel a taut, exploratory vision...Together, they've humanized an icon...although they've undervalued the integral supporting roles in much of the same manner.
Instead of making a blockbuster Superman movie, Snyder has turned the Superman narrative into yet another modern day blockbuster.
The most exhilarating and arresting interpretation of Superman yet.
By the end, you will feel like you got hit and run over by a motion picture. Possibly in a good way.
If comic book heroes are our modern Greek gods, 'Man of Steel' is solid enough to stand proudly atop Mount Olympus.
If the word "epic" has lost its meaning, 'Man of Steel' forcefully redefines it.
It's realistic in approach and honest in emotion, but also wonderfully fantastical and cinematic. The future is bright for the Man of Tomorrow.
A righteous, riveting relaunch leaving no doubt that, even after 80 years, you still don't tug on Superman's cape!
On balance, this new cinematic take on a 75-year-old icon constitutes a worthy Superman movie and a modest improvement for a franchise that had creatively stalled.

@highlight

Man of Steel 's exhilarating action and spectacle can't fully overcome its detours into generic blockbuster territory.