Fleshes out the intricacies of a complicated dynamic that plays with power and control on several levels.
It's a shame that stories about women who are abducted, sexually abused and beaten up are still considered suitable for mainstream entertainment.
Stellar direction and an exceptional, committed cast elevate Berlin Syndrome beyond clichés into one of the most rewarding experiences of its kind
The general sense of dread and nervous tension keeps this sexually charged film alive.
Overall, this one's creepy and unsettling but will largely appeal to a niche audience, owing to its languid pace and world cinema sensibilities.
[Berlin] promises an unforgettable journey, but delivers only a slideshow.
The naïveté of the main character feels far less credible.
In the hands of a less capable director, the movie could have easily devolved into a cliched take on well-worn material. Instead, Shortland's direction ensures an effective genre film.
Berlin Syndrome is worth a watch but only for want of a more rewarding alternative at the multiplexes this week.
Not only does Berlin Syndrome go for the emotional punch of Room, it also wants to appeal to B-movie fans by never missing an opportunity to undress Teresa Palmer, and then take Polariods of her against her will.
Everything from the cinematography to the film's rhythmic editing to its pitch-perfect sounds fall into synch with Palmer's portrayal.
It gets by on evil ambience. Just.
Polaroids, odd parties, disaffection. Believable, yes. A great story, no.
A very interesting film, that travels through places visited a thousand times but does it with elegance and good pulse. [Full review in Spanish]
No one who sees Shortland's movie will be minded to inflict it on their friends, or much thanked if they do.
Shortland excels at building not just fear, but a messier, queasier blend of eroticism, gender horror and political unease.
Berlin Syndrome [is] an ambitious thriller from Australian director Cate Shortland that aims for the psychological richness of Hitchcock and early Polanski but falls frustratingly short. Teresa Palmer is very effective, however
Both leads opt to underplay their roles and it works well in what is an effective and mostly psychological horror.
There is basic tension, but the ending is a flop.
Shortland delves into the knotty complexity of the co-dependent relationship between captor and captive.
Slick, but disappointing.
The film is a bit slow to start, but it gradually evolves into a riveting, tension-soaked thriller that will keep you on tenterhooks until the very end.
Not recommended to anyone backpacking this summer but everyone else will be perched on the edge of their seats.
While there are a few plot holes, Palmer and Riemelt sustain the tense arthouse thriller.
Berlin Syndrome progresses slowly, never dramatically gratuitous or exploitative of the inherent drama of its story.
Its mundane detailing - trite domestic purgatory along with the hellish psychological torment - erodes grand guignol in favour of a stoical acceptance perhaps even deadlier.
It's not arthouse enough to be arthouse, nor thriller enough to be a thriller.
An intelligent tale with unusual undertones and a necessary fear factor.
...it's a deep look inside the minds of the predator and his prey that the big screen rarely affords.
The final showdown left me in a cold sweat.
Although near-miss escape attempts deliver the expected tension and the end is a tad fudged, this is far more than a vehicle for cheap shocks.
Shortland has things to say about toxic relationships, but the ties to bind her themes need tightening.
A thoughtful chamber piece and great white knuckle thriller, Berlin Syndrome confirms Cate Shortland as a distinctive, cherishable talent in her most accessible movie to date.
The actors are good, better than the parts they have been given, but unless you are trying to scare a young woman from traveling abroad, The Berlin Syndrome is a painfully unnecessary film.
Palmer seems to shine in films that skew more towards the horror genre, and Berlin Syndrome continues that streak.
[Shortland] is expert and building a sense of dread and suspense while Palmer delivers a persuasive performance as a woman who has to summon the strength that she didn't know she had in order to escape.
A psychological thriller that's expertly put together but, in the end, doesn't bring enough twists to its rather predictable plot trajectory.
The film is at its most convincing when evoking the horrifying ordeal of domestic entrapment and it gives its protaganist at least some surface dues in developing what passes for agency here.
Sex is officially scary again.
A thriller whose genre moves are as precise as its underlying swirl of emotions are enigmatic.
The end is a bit anticlimactic, but that's a quibble considering Shortland achieves something rare: making a thriller feel fresh.
Australian director Cate Shortland creates a dreamlike sense of place within a nightmare scenario with this taut and strongly acted thriller.
A nasty piece of business tarted up with a stylish, high-gloss veneer.
This stylish cautionary tale about foreigners in strange lands manages to generate consistent suspense within an intriguing moral framework while avoiding genre pitfalls.
Berlin Syndrome is a discomforting psychological thriller. It's discomforting in an effective way ... As for the psychology, it skimps perhaps a bit too much.
The movie identifies Ms. Shortland as a talent to watch. And it should constitute some kind of breakthrough for Ms. Palmer, who has not been given much of interest to do since she arrived in Hollywood a little over a decade ago.
Berlin Syndrome might look on the surface like a polished B-movie, a crafty and violent tale of a woman in captivity; but it's also the rare psychological thriller that feels not just taut and gripping, but genuinely exploratory.
We start to feel like we're drowning in atmosphere, and it gets harder and harder to stay interested in what happens next.
Telling the story of a psychopath and his sex-slave, the film balances the clinical and visceral.
Shortland's mise-en-scène, full of close-ups of bruised limbs and peeling paint, effectively enhances the grim realism of the scenario.
Works against all odds, managing to preserve the sickness of the situation while remaining attentive to the needs of suspense and depths of sophisticated characterization.
It's a tolerable exercise that shows Shortland's potentialities in a genre she's probing for the very first time.
Squanders good performances and a can't-miss set-up by dwelling on the captor's point-of-view and meandering to a wholly unsatisfying finale.
Until its hasty climax, the film is rewardingly patient and psychologically cogent.
Berlin Syndrome isn't a sensational film; the emotions on display are warped and scarred, but rooted in identifiable desires. In some ways, this makes their impact that much more ingrained.
Despite Palmer's committed performance and Shortland's attempt to make a genre film that looks great and is deep, Berlin Syndrome is dull, overlong, and unfocused.
Impeccably directed, shot and acted, there's no denying that the script is just another take on an unhinged man who kidnaps an attractive woman and holds her captive; it is tense and suspenseful but really has nothing to say.
This is certainly worth seeing for Palmer and Riemelt's performances, which prove so vivid that audiences should see past a script contrivance or two.
A murky, confronting trip.
Unfortunately, at about the midway point the film loses steam and then drags on for almost two hours, far more than the material can stand.
A disappointing thriller that tries straddling European arthouse aims and the demands of tightly plotted genre cinema.
Berlin provides a strong dramatic backdrop for Shortland's slick and atmospheric confinement thriller -- through her lens, it's an austere, eerie, underpopulated place.
This slow-burning Australian-produced thriller rarely threatens to catch alight.
An ambitious project, for sure - but also uneven, drawn-out and repetitive.
"...a remarkably tense and extremely confronting Australian film."
As a damaged parable of domestic violence and deranged monogamy, Berlin Syndrome is scathing. Again, this movie will not make your next date night easier. And it's not meant to.
As a mystery based on intent and escalating risk, the movie lacks momentum, but as an exploration of character it digs into both Clare's responses to her imprisonment and Andi's motivation
A gruelling but formally beautiful kidnap thriller from Australian auteur Cate Shortland.
While this endeavour is not nearly as innovative as Sebastian Schipper's Victoria, this unbearably intense piece is no less compelling.
The sex element, while erotically shot, is almost exclusively reserved for the moment in which Clare was enjoying the experience, thus stripping away the usual voyeuristic downside that often accompanies this genre.
Berlin Syndrome is like one of those '90s high concept thrillers, where the perfect guy turns out to be bad. Only its a lot more raw and grimy than those polished studio movies of that decade.
Artful and disturbing. Teresa Palmer's best performance to date.
Shortland serves up something that's got plenty of bite to it, and Palmer gladly tears into it
Palmer and Shortland keep audiences on the edge of their seat for a bit too long (there's a tighter version within this nearly two-hour one) but this is still a confident, interesting thriller.
More than anything else, it's the back and forth between Palmer and Riemelt that makes the film worth watching.
The harrowing drama Berlin Syndrome makes room for nuance and depth.
The film could probably stand to lose about 20 minutes overall (there is a good chunk of the movie that spins its wheels without very much story progression), but Clare's harrowing journey is still damn compelling.
This is a case of expert filmmaking craft applied to a familiar story that becomes unrelentingly grim and drawn-out after its masterful setup.
Between more trickily opaque stretches of character development, Shortland nails a handful of straight-up, nerve-shredding tension sequences, teasing a version of the film that might have tilted into full-bore horror.
Some might find the subject matter too bleak; others might wish it were pulpier. But on the whole, "Berlin Syndrome" is incredibly effective. It gets to know the innocent, while rendering the evil banal.
Shortland takes a horror movie premise and imbues it with the knotty emotional complexity of a dysfunctional relationship psychodrama.

@highlight

Berlin Syndrome offers thriller fans an uncommonly well-written descent into dangerous obsession, enlivened by taut direction and a committed performance from Teresa Palmer.