Iranian filmmakers have a history of couching their criticisms of life in Iran in metaphor. This film puts its portrait of authoritarian oppression out in the open.
Unlike most thrillers, political or otherwise, there isn't a satisfyingly cathartic conclusion to Manuscripts Don't Burn.
A searing indictment of the current regime in Iran, this daring and brave piece deserves as wide an audience as possible.
The result asserts the two-headed truism: Artists in many countries will always find grim, sometimes deadly opposition, and those same artists will continue to risk everything to remain alive inside.
"Manuscripts Don't Burn" is one of the best films I've seen this year, and one of the hardest to watch.
Rosoulof's film is shocking, relentless, a remarkable piece of work.
The results are challenging and alarming; the film-making brave and defiant.
Rasoulof constructs a vivid portrait of a paranoid state, but he also manages to incorporate some fingernail-endangering tension into the piece.
A crackling, tense thriller, graced with beautifully measured performances, that explores with wisdom and sorrow the best and worst in human nature.
A potent work for all sorts of reasons.
Only from a distance can you appreciate what a remarkable feat this film is.
A story those who live blithely in freedom quite simply need to see.
The film's flaws are forgivable; its very existence should be applauded.
Unlike Rasoulof and Panahi's previous, more metaphorical films, this one confronts its subject head-on with unflinching candor.
The message is so important - and Rasoulof is conveying it under such difficult conditions - that the film rather transcends normal considerations.
A fairly gripping thriller, and Rasoulof's most angry work to date.
Mohammad Rasoulof's slow-burning, clandestinely made fifth feature is a brave, challenging look at Iran's feared security apparatus.
A strong, daring, haunting film.
In a way, it makes as much sense to review this like any other movie as it does to review a mass demonstration or a strike. If you understand the film's political importance, you understand the need to see it and recommend it widely.
...[W]arts and all, this is a piece of work that needs to be disseminated and talked about.
Its chilly, muted colors, claustrophobic framings and understated performances by an excellent cast recall '70s American suspensers such as "The Conversation" and "Klute."
A slow-motion explosion of anti-authoritarian rage.
Manuscripts Don't Burn is more rueful than action-packed, yet it simmers with righteous refusal. That's what gives the movie a power no Bourne flick will ever match.
Rasoulof creates the sense that we're not only witnessing a bleak reality, but hovering inside of it, uncertain if the nightmare will ever end.
Rasoulof's dissident return to filmmaking is ultimately little more than a sporadically searing, unfocused and listless treatise on the pervasive censorship enforced by the autocratic Iranian government.
Harrowing, defiant, and exemplifying through its very existence the moral courage its totalitarian villains stamp down ...
The film observes rather than thrills, methodically demonstrating this is how it happens. This tone and the even-keel direction avoid the trappings of a screed. It's actually a quiet but angry film.

@highlight

Brave, challenging, and brimming with rage, Manuscripts Don't Burn is a political statement as much as it is a gripping thriller.