Although it dishes up an original premise and tries to mine laughs from a setup most studios wouldn't have touched with a 10-foot feather boa, it stumbles when it comes to generating any real laughs.
Breakfast with Scot isn't much on originality, but it is sweet enough to overcome the most cynical skeptic.
One of the worst concepts for a movie in the history of cinema. I can't really think of anyone who would like this pathetic comedy since the target audience would be put off by the homosexual angle. Avoid.
It lacks the psychological realism of certain decent dramas and is too reliant on cheap pratfalls and Cavanagh's pinched approach to comedy.
The film's reliance on an otherwise clichéd plotline cuts out a lot of its fangs, giving it an ending that feels good but doesn't really deal with the issues at hand
What elevates way above the merely adequate script by Sean Reycraft based on the novel by Michael Downing and Lynd's competent direction is young Noah Bernett as Scot. This kid is so great, he could give kid actors a good name again.
Anyone who's ever seen an After School Special knows where the family-friendly Breakfast With Scot is headed, no matter how well intentioned.
It's refreshingly snarky and quick.
A sharp little Canadian drama that draws one in rather wryly.
All the filmmakers are really after is a heartwarming little object lesson. ... [But] they perch their tidy little dramedy somewhere between sitcom and Movie of the Week.
For its courage to address a ticklish subject with warmhearted humor, Breakfast With Scot, adapted from a novel by Michael Downing, deserves a light round of applause.
A feel-good tale with undeniably good intentions, this Canadian comedy-drama doesn't really manage to convince on any level.
Basic cable-ready trifle.
Having the straight Tom Cavanagh and Ben Shenkman play the unwilling gay dads in Breakfast with Scot may seem like a disappointment, but this quirky, surprisingly refreshing comedy has a few tricks up its sleeve.
It's hardly the most gracefully made indie on the block -- more like a whole season of a sitcom crammed into one feature.
The smart performances, humorous dialogue and brisk pacing of Laurie Lynd's direction are all warm and friendly -- a nice antidote to misguided junk like I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry.
The film means well, but it's hardly cutting, made notable only by Bernett's performance.
The kind of gay-themed pic that won't ruffle the feathers of a granny in Manitoba, though it's bound to make more discerning auds groan.
A lively, realistic tone helps make this Toronto-set comedy much more than we expect, stirring in some thoughtful themes and honest emotion.
A 'nice' film, but nothing worth raising one's blood pressure over.
Breakfast With Scot is not only amusing and heartfelt, but also genuinely thoughtful about life's many unexpected turns.
Agonizingly pedestrian.
A heartwarming, fish-out-of-water family comedy.
...manages to impress thanks to its brisk, breezy pace and the uniformly personable performances.
While Breakfast With Scot delivers the requisite humour -- not to mention some old-fashioned Christmas magic -- it stands apart for its hearty helping of food for thought.



@highlight

Though Breakfast with Scot is a well-intentioned movie with some charming performances, it suffers from sitcom humor and predictable setups.