An endearing story of brotherly love, acceptance and friendship that will attract young and old alike. [Full review in Spanish]
[Director Jennifer Yuh] manages the balance nicely; Po is alternately awesome and dumbstruck, and it can be fun to guess at the start of each scene which attribute will come to the fore. Often it's a combination on the two.
[A] satisfying, if less than sensational, sequel to the funny, charming and action-packed animated feature from 2008.
Kung Fu Panda 2 achieves something few sequels to blockbusters ever do -- it stays true to a successful formula without seeming tired, cynical, or lazy.
Kung Fu Panda 2 benefits from an entertaining story, fantastic direction and amazing visuals. It's one of 2011's best animated films.
["Kung Fu Panda 2" has] got everything you could want in a film made for kids including a good story, stunning animation, and a few laughs.
I guess my expectations may have been too high. I didn't want a silly KUNG FU PANDA 2, loaded with jokes. I was hoping it would be more like the first one.
The best animated film of the year, Kung Fu Panda 2 plays as a solid kids' film, a great kung fu actioner, and an emotionally centered drama.
Too bad it's so forgettable.
One can only wonder if cinematic animation might find a new path, one far removed from the sadly lucrative video-game market.
The characters do a lot of chasing around, running, punching, and kicking, making the movie more exhausting than exciting.
What could up have amounted to a highly moving work of art is constantly diminished by low-grade TV sitcom humor such as can be found on any series starring Kevin James or James Belushi.
Stellar animation aside, themes such as adoption anxiety, genocide and WMD dominate the storyline-not the usual kiddie fare to be sure.
Panda 2 packs more than enough personality and visual pizzazz to make up for its minor shortcomings.
a fun summer outing that will please its audience by delivering a familiar feel with just enough novelty to keep things fresh.
A visually engrossing, technical triumph, Kung Fu Panda 2 is worth seeing on the big screen for the sheer eye popping nature of its realisation. But dramatically, it's not packing a punch.
Just a good time at the movies, from the laughs to the action to the heartwarming message.
Kung Fu Panda 2 isn't just a model sequel or family film: as an action movie, it's superior to most of what's out there.
If there is one pleasant surprise in the movie, it's Lord Shen.
Kung Fu Panda 2 is all just a bit too familiar, a bit too common, a bit too unimaginative. In the real world, recycling is a great and admirable thing. In cinema, it is a death knell.
...there are crashing pagodas, hurtling cannonballs, wild chases, and of course, a lot of whiplash-inducing kung fu, effortlessly balancing elegance, ferocity, variety and comic timing like the genre's pros.
A fantastic sequel with more pathos than expected with plenty of gorgeous animation.
Go for a beer in the middle forty minutes; come back refreshed for the ... [final] extraordinary battle sequence.
THERE'S an old Chinese proverb (that I just made up) that goes: what is the point in making something pretty to look at if no one can see it?
It focuses too heavily on flashy action sequences and lacks the amusing banter that I remember fondly from the original.
The massive amount of artistry that has gone into the cinematography, lighting and design makes this as sumptuous and pleasing a film to behold as Tangled.
The first film was a lot of fun; this sequel is even more fun but also something quite special.
While the animation is incredible, this also has heart and humour in spades, and proves just as engaging as its predecessor.
The upgrade to 3D is worth while, the story is a solid refinement of the best bits from before and the balance between light humour and darker drama is quite well maintained.
It doesn't soar like the best of animation these days but it's an entertainment, particularly for the younger set.
Not as great as the first, but still worth your skadoosh!
Cuter and more enjoyable than the first film, this high energy 3D animation from Dreamworks is packed with kung-fu spectacle, exotic Eastern settings, a fuzzy heart and plenty of chuckles
Offers more of the same, even though it tries to convince us it doesn't.
It is made with consummate craft, contains some exciting set-pieces and the voice work is top-notch.
The central notion of discovering one's unique personal identity ("the only thing that matters is what you choose to be now") takes us back to an earlier China and it's free of jokey references to other movies.
It drops points for a narrative that overstretches by at least 20 minutes.
Director Jennifer Yuh Nelson has done her best to ensure a child-friendly movie that parents can sit through too.
The animation is five-star all the way but the plot has a good deal less "awesomeness" than the original.
With an all-star voice cast, gorgeous animation and a story that both thrills and tugs the heartstrings, it's as good a 'toon as we're likely to see all year.
Another knockout combination of vibrant animation, energetic action and nifty jokes.
A knowing script, beautifully bright animation and a truly towering effort from Black combine to create a cracker of a family film.
The tagline doesn't lie - it really is twice the awesomeness.
It's a great-looking animation and a nice entertainment, though targeted at a younger audience, without the extra level of adult sophistication.
The whole film deserves close attention and repeat viewings.
The movie is as busy and crisply detailed as ever, and the action sequences involving rickshaw chases, martial arts dust-ups and cannonball juggling score high.
Might be just another instalment in another big dumb multiplex franchise, but it's a beautifully designed and crafted one with much to admire, drawn from the joyful karma of animation ninjas rather than sucked from soulless executive spreadsheets.
A solid entry in the modern world of computer-generated animations and a promising start for debut director Jennifer Yuh Nelson.
Kung Fu Panda 2 puts the Po in Poignant
The odd amusing line doesn't stop this being pretty bland stuff, but it should keep younger viewers occupied.
This is an enjoyable sequel with impressive animation and lively fight sequences but it's neither as funny nor as emotionally engaging as the first film and it largely side-lines its previously fabulous supporting cast.
If pandas spawned as successfully as hit movies, they'd be off the endangered list in no time.
A stir-fry of visual and verbal treats to please every palate.
A solid slice of summer entertainment: forgettable, perhaps, but plenty of fun while it lasts.
The dark storyline seems more appropriate for a classic martial-arts film than for a spoofy pastiche, but the stunning production design and superb digital animation make this action-comedy (with a surprising emphasis on action) worth seeing.
there isn't too much depth beneath the film's fortune cookie wisdom, but it's still a fun time that Po himself would probably embrace with his nerd-living-the-dream enthusiasm.
A richer plot, life lessons and loving Chinese cultural references rendered by turns sweet, scary and charming, with yet more fantastical kung fu, make this an engaging winner.
... a harmless bauble, a big colorful Gummi bear of a movie ...
Lucky for everyone, Po is as determined to do kung fu as he is to eat dumplings and cakes.
Take heed, The Hangover: Part II. When a studio asks for "more of the same", it's possible to come up with a film that hits all the same high notes as its predecessor - without just photocopying the script and adding "... but abroad" after every gag.
While not as fresh or as inspired as the first film, this second chapter in roly-poly panda Po's journey is not without its charms.
It was a two-for-two weekend, that's for sure. Two sequels for two hit movies made the theaters doubly packed during the Memorial Day holiday break.
It doesn't take any chances, at all, but excellent voice acting and a lot of charm make up for what has been lost between sequels. Not entirely but enough that Kung Fu Panda 2 won't be a waste of your time.
By the end, Po experiences some of the same recycled epiphanies from the first film, sans their emotional panache.
On the plus side, Kung Fu Panda 2 meets the requirements of family entertainment and provides a few kicks along the way.
It's very close in quality to the first one. And the first one was pretty darn awesome.
What saves this from feeling like it should have gone direct to video is the animation, which is breathtakingly beautiful: this fantasy ancient China is gorgeously designed...
Blow me down if it isn't a pretty fine kung fu movie, when all is said and done: carefully sanitised for your child's protection, obviously, but Yuh stages some wholly exciting battle sequences.
It loses points for originality and freshness but it is beautifully animated and the voices are pitch perfect
It's lively, it's punchy, it's got moxie.
I was pleasantly surprised that this sequel turned out to be a good film, as opposed to most sequels, and there have been tons of them this year.
Pixar will have a tough time owning Animated Movie of the Year with this worthy sequel and 'Rango' in the mix.
a "real" movie with real appeal for everyone.
Jack Black once again shows his excellence as a voice actor.
Kids learn that by staying to true to themselves they can overcome anything.
Great voice cast aside, Kung Fu Panda 2 pales beside its snappier sire, but it's entertaining enough and the younger ones in the audience will still eat it up with chopsticks.
It all feels fresh and new again, and a closing scene makes it obvious a third movie is in the works. And I say, bring it on.
"Kung Fu Panda 2" was enjoyable, but I found this version to be for the older children.
The kids will have a good time, and the adults will be entertained to the point that they won't secretly be wondering what R-rated film is playing in the adjacent auditorium.
This emotionally resonant, character-driven, action-packed sequel is awesome!
The 3-D actually detracts from the visual impact, but this Panda is more fun than the first one.
Unlike another sequel that is hitting the screens this week, Kung Fu Panda 2 takes the audience to some new places.
A movie that manages to stand on its own while delivering a solid one-two punch of strong story and impressive visuals.
Agreeable enough fare for families craving a little action, comedy, and action-comedy.
Like its protagonist, this one is cute, cuddly and far less effective than it clearly thinks it is.
Resurrects and expands upon the original's blend of creatively filmed action, broad comedy and classic Chinese motifs interspersed with that animation standard: cute animals.
...the film works on both aesthetic and emotional levels, and is truly beautiful to behold.
Fun and fast paced story that just breezes by.
Clever comedy, gorgeous animation, and a huge batch of action craziness. Impressive across the board.
It's tricky to change the thrust-and the tone-of a story in its second installment, but I think the creators of Kung Fu Panda 2 have pulled it off. The first movie was disarming as it introduced the unlikeliest of action heroes-an eternally...
Plenty of slapstick add positive punctuation to the predictable plot and No. 2 is funnier and more fun than the original.
The movie belongs to Black, whose ability to switch between extreme awe and dopey glee is perfectly suited to the evolving hero.
This movie stands as one of the few sequels that is as good as the original.
It also takes you deeper into Po's past and his need to know where he comes from without getting too overwrought and syrupy about it. And the fact that I could write that last sentence without cringing is evidence that the movie pulls that off really well.
The film marks the amazing feature film directing debut by artist-animator Jennifer Yuh.
Hardly a scene goes by that isn't visually striking or kinetically thrilling, and all of it enhanced by 3-D.
Even up to the final seconds, the animators are springing new wonders on us with credits that appear to slide on screen via a View-Master.
Po and friends redeem themselves with a terrific third act, the animation (in three distinct styles) is superb and there's enough hiii-YA-ing to keep the kids yipping throughout.
...so confidently made, visually layered, and emotionally affecting, that Pixar - with Cars 2 opening next month - may find itself unexpectedly outclassed
Whoever was responsible for all but writing out the original's best character, Shifu, deserves the most scorn. With maybe seven minutes and a handful of lines, it ends up featuring less of Dustin Hoffman than the eleventh hour reshoots of Little Fockers.
The film's visuals are thrilling, beguiling, vivid: the greens of a glade or a terraced hillside; the molten reds of Shen's smelting works or yellow-orange arcs of fireworks.
Parents tired of noise and frantic nonsense filling in for plot and character should find this movie a breath of fresh air.
No, we're not talking about Lord Voldemort and Harry Potter, although it does feel that way early on in the animated Kung Fu Panda 2.
Kung Fu Panda 2 offers nothing to tantalize adult viewers in terms of delivering quips and double meanings beyond the understanding of their kid companions. But kids are bound to get a kick out of these kung fu creatures.
Alas, this time there are about three or four mild laughs in the whole picture, and the entire visual aspect of the movie is a botched disappointment.
Exquisite, Asian-influenced design and a story that combines some of the classic heroic themes with gentle humor.
The first film wasn't a masterpiece of comedy or animation, but this is a truly steep and deeply embarrassing falling-off -- a straight-to-DVD-quality production gussied up as first-run entertainment.
The humor isn't as sharp as before, but the action is exciting and exceptionally well-animated.
...the filmmakers cheaped out and gave us a great looking, technically deft animation with lots of action but little story substance. I
Has a bright palette, an amiable vibe and enough vivacity to keep kids entertained and any accompanying moms from bolting for Bridesmaids.
About as good as the first one. Not exactly Pixar, but it does the trick.
Remains a genuinely good martial arts movie, with some of the year's best fight sequences, and inarguably the best use of 3-D in a long time.
Kung Fu Panda 2 instantly establishes itself as one of the best looking movies in the DreamWorks Animation legacy...
A quest movie that's too long on destination to make for much of a journey, Kung Fu Panda 2 is nevertheless scenic, inventively playful, and successfully serious when it wants to be.
The original film was a compelling surprise, an unusually fun and sophisticated take on the wacky-animal CGI movie. The sequel remains visually beautiful and strikingly designed, but otherwise, it's a surprise in all the wrong ways.
For a movie touting "inner peace," this 3-D sequel sure goes in for its share of battle scenes, but for the most part they are excitingly conceived by director Jennifer Yuh Nelson and her writers, Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger.
Panda hero saves the day in surprisingly deep family film.
The freshness and novelty that made the original film such a kick back in 2008 has been, well, kicked to bits.
The kinder, gentler Kung Fu Panda 2 will surely try the patience of older children and fun-seeking parents.
What really makes the film work... is director Yuh's sense of timing. She knows how to get in and out of a joke before beating it to death. A quick Pac-Man reference during a chase comes and goes, delighting without ever dragging.
Its chief strength rests in its visuals, which are at once evocative of delicate silk-screen paintings from ancient China and yet filled with the lush, wild colors only fantasy can have.
In tone, this rollicking sequel is the closest any animated film has managed to come to Disney's brilliant The Emperor's New Groove, which also made gleeful absurdity its main selling point.
A breezy, funny, touching, action-packed sequel.
Ravishing to look at, but its by-the-numbers story isn't enough to keep even a toddler occupied.
Like that kung pao chicken at the back of your fridge, none of it's quite as crisp the second time around.
Long live kung fu. Long live Po.
Entertaining, goofy and lovable with an additional depth that adults will love.
Beautifully animated and formulaically plotted..one of those cartoons for kids that doesn't transcend its audience and play to adults as well.
Nearly matches the original in charm and kicks.
heavy stuff for a panda to carry on his sloped shoulders, and also occasionally for a movie aimed at children. Kung Fu Panda 2 contains enough silliness and stunts they shouldn't try at home to entertain, but this is a remarkably mature PG 'toon.
The original cast is back, but is there anything left to the story? Other than some trumped-up daddy issues, no.
With its mix of vibrant CG and classical elements, the movie dazzles.
Black's Po manages to retain his requisite bumptiousness while also making a credible action hero.
Director Jennifer Yuh Nelson's true cannon fist is how seamlessly "Panda's" wild skirmishes mesh with its eloquent narrative, even if there are less pauses for reflection this time 'round.
The animation is elegant, the story is much more involving than in the original, and there's boundless energy.
It may not tread new narrative ground, but Panda echoes some worthy tales that parents heard a long time ago at a theater far, far away.
In some ways it's a vast improvement on the first film, and in other ways it's a letdown.
Missing the assured balance of tone and genuine heart that its predecessor had.
Po has yet to receive a film as memorable as himself, but this one will suffice until his next chance for greatness comes along.
Here's a rarity - the sequel that surpasses the original...The film's climatic battle is so grand, it appears to have been inspired by the epic Asian period film "Red Cliff."
That expressiveness combined with the talented voice cast brings a nuance, a sense of reality that is hard to achieve in animation.
Bigger and better than the original, Panda 2 skilfully avoids the curse of the sequel with wit, flair and a 3D paw to the face.
Kung Fu Panda 2 is far and away the best film DreamWorks Animation has released to date.
"Kung Fu Panda 2" is still a lot of fun. But like so many sequels, it's not quite No. 1.
A worthy follow-up, less whimsical than the first film but more emotionally resonant.
Part of the problem with this sequel is how little it lets its star just riff with silly abandon, as he did throughout the original, rather than advance the serious themes set out by Yuh Nelson and her crew.
For a summertime sequel, "Kung Fu Panda 2" is an unexpected kick.
This entry aims to expand the series both in storytelling terms and visually. It introduces emotionally complex issues, and literally adds new scope via 3-D. In each case, the payoff is impressive.
Accomplishes the depressingly familiar mathematical trick of being both more and less than its predecessor.
Energetic, filled with clever and exciting kung-fu action, and there is an emotional arc for Po that I found personally very affecting, more so than I would have expected.
Still putting the Po in ponderous ... just more of the same, which was already more than enough.
A fun and surprisingly affecting little adventure, Kung Fu Panda 2 ranks among the best films DreamWorks has ever done
Director Jennifer Yuh Nelson keeps the action swift and the tone light, but the movie lacks both the subtle grace notes and compelling characterizations that would make it a richer viewing experience.
With fluid action sequences and luminous 3-D visuals, the film will tickle kids and engage their parents.
It's a relief to report that Kung Fu Panda 2 isn't only superb, but matches the original picture in terms of scope and sentiment.
At times, Kung Fu Panda 2 suggests Bambi redone as an episode of Oprah. Yet it's a more-than-worthy sequel.
Lacks the novelty of the original, which found a sweet spot in between martial arts and goofy animated critters, and milked it for every last laugh. This one feels like leftovers that have curdled.
The animation is always jazzy, especially some dazzling dream sequences -- one involves a radish schooled in the martial arts -- that seem indebted to Genndy Tartakovsky's Samurai Jack.
This thin follow-up feels like a betrayal of its predecessor's accomplishments and goodwill, cheapening what worked in the first place to emphasize some wrong things this time around - particularly the film's 3-D presentation.
Amusing enough at times but doing little to justify the continuation of its story.
A precisely calibrated crowd-pleasing machine, balancing action, comedy and just the bare minimum of pathos.
A fleeter, funnier beast than its 2008 predecessor.
One of those welcome sequels that lives up to the promise of its predecessor; fans of the original movie should enjoy how it builds nicely upon the set-up.
"Kung Fu Panda 2" is a sequel that delivers more heart than laughs, and is, if anything, more visually dazzling than the 2008 original film.
[VIDEO] Grand scale spectacle in an atmosphere of China's exotic natural beauty is part and parcel to DreamWorks Animation's winning sequel to the 2008 original.
Kung Fu Panda 2 packs lots of firepower: detailed, reach-out-and-touch creature design, lush settings, big 3D action set-pieces.
A must see for all ages, kids and adults will love this movie.
It all moves along briskly, with a degree of visual grace and a solid feel for 3D.
While not as fresh as the first, the sequel certainly makes good on its promise.
Substituting action for charm, the sequel is a visual treat but not a sufficient comedic or narrative one, taking only modest advantage of Jack Black's game voice work.

@highlight

The storyline arc may seem a tad familiar to fans of the original, but Kung Fu Panda 2 offers enough action, comedy, and visual sparkle to compensate.