Displays atypical laziness and tone-deaf direction for a feature concerning the electric boogaloo secrets of the underprivileged.
Even if the picture breaks no new ground, the verve of the actors and their fancy footwork is half the battle.
Clichéd dance movie with some fun moves.
The dance numbers are high octane, and the characters are likable enough to make us want to hang with them through a plot we've seen so many times before it's like movie muscle memory takes over.
Predictable dance melodrama with little to recommend it.
For the movie--and audiences--the good news is that both Tatum and Dewan are just enough to best the bum script. They are likeable and their dance talent is undeniable.
The TV spots claim that it "captures the voice of a generation," and if that's the case, then the voice of the youth hasn't changed at all in the five years Save the Last Dance lit up the box office.
Tatum and Dewan have none of the chemistry of Astaire and Rogers, but with help from a good supporting cast and talented choreography, the movie rises slightly above the usual cookie-cutter dance-movie fare.
Fletcher shows no real talent for the dramatic scenes.
...this is lowest-common-denominator stuff.
Hood hooks-up with dancing debutante for across the tracks romance.
Mesmo que falhe como historinha de amor, o longa consegue levar o espectador a sair da sala com a sensação de que ao menos em seu aspecto musical o projeto não decepcionou.
It's the usual case of great dancing, bad acting and even worse dialogue in this very guilty pleasure for fans of the genre.
While Tatum has rough charm, Dewan is more dancer than actress.
...a miscast Rachel Griffiths looks uncomfortable in her role as Principal Gordon and spends her few scenes looking like she's wishing she was somewhere else.
This is a cliche-ridden movie by people to whom formula is clearly mother's milk.
Debut director Anne Fletcher fails to put a new spin on umpteen romantic hoofers.
This unimaginative, by-the-numbers teen drama never says anything new as it blends dance styles and cultures in innercity Baltimore.
Stealing freely from Save the Last Dance but unintentionally nixing the wicked dance moves, this teen turd doesn't even have the logical sense to remove its hunky lead's shirt.
...the dance numbers are overwhelmed by a trite and predictable script that trudges through familiar themes of redemption and acceptance while taking itself far too seriously.
The willingness of said screenwriters to churn these clichés shamelessly makes Step Up an utterly arduous task to sit through.
It's all strung together by scenes wherein, for no reason at all, everyone dances -- every kind of dance, from break to ballet -- brilliantly, with youth, vigor and passion. And it's great, even when it's silly, which is often.
"Step Up" is just what is sounds like: A dance movie, based on a formula that goes back decades..centuries, even. But its good nature, chemistry between its leads, and, let's face it, enjoyable dance numbers make it entertaining.
Fletcher ably blends ballet and hip-hop, but the filming itself is often clumsy, and Tatum's relentless African American impersonation quickly wears out its welcome.
Realistically speaking, this is a nice, inoffensive little movie that won't knock the socks off those of us who know the time-tested formula but will enthrall younger viewers who are unfamiliar with it.
Tells us by the numbers that you can move up in your social class if only you can dance the right steps.
...concentrates less on the odd-couple idiosyncrasies than on what all the characters in the movie share: a love of moving to music.
If you like this genre, there's no reason not to see this. It's a standard teeny bopper romance, that doesn't try to push the envelope. It's a good, safe, bet.
For a movie about dancing, Step Up is pretty clumsy on its feet.
This teen drama may be filled with some great-looking dancing, but its hackneyed, predictable script is a giant step in the wrong direction.
Step Up may sizzle on the dance floor, but when the dancing stops, the film fizzles.
A lot of movies are derivative. What makes Step Up particularly dispiriting is that it has almost nothing fresh to add.
Step Up plods along as if feeding coins into a cliché meter.
It's almost as wrong-headed as it is pre-fabricated.
Being an urban dance movie, guns make their appearance, along with every stereotype about hip-hop or the young. Don't believe the hype. Just watch them dance.
The cast is only one of the picture's shortcomings. It has clunky dialogue, a derivative storyline and some hypocrisy.
Step Up is so predictable, with every scene loudly announcing what the next one is going to show, that teens in the audience will take lots of breaks to text each other on their phones.
Step Up barely bothers to build a memorable story. Instead, the movie rests entirely on the well-sculpted shoulders of charismatic leads Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan.
Go for the impressive moves. Tolerate the mediocre story.
Step Up is light on its feet but stumbles badly once it leaves the dance floor.
As a routine and predictable romantic dance movie, this one unfolds exactly as you would expect. But the hip-hop dance moves are explosive.
Until the movie stumbles under the weight of its noble intentions and its tediously formulaic story, it delivers a few lively, well-shot dance sequences and some winning moments.
Aside from the dance steps, you've seen it all before.
Dirty Dancing by way of 8 Mile might be the best way to describe Step Up, a likable, predictable musical drama.
It's so silly that if often makes the recent, somewhat problematic Take the Lead look considerably better by comparison.
It's the storytelling that keeps landing on its keister.
Any guy who sits through this date movie deserves to get to third base at least.
Step Up is about following the teen-dance movie recipe without variations, right up to the big finale. By then, Wake Up would have been a better title.
Formulaic story, filled with flashy, toe-tapping interludes...
While the terrific closing number is something to cheer about, I wanted more dancing and less melodrama from 'Step Up.'
Step Up sprints over its own soggy foundation of dance movie clichés with the sheer exuberance of its propulsively cut dance sequences.
The cast of mostly unknown actors, who can all really move and sing, are given a story that doesn't make sense and lines that are boring at best and nonsensical at worst.
Alive with infectious rhythm, likable characters, and slick dance moves, Step Up gives clichés a good name.
Watching this movie is a painless enough way to kill 100 minutes, but its familiar story and predictable outcome offer nothing fresh.
... unlike some dance movies, Step Up's aspiring dancers can actually bust a move -- and then some. (Whether they can act is another matter, of course.)
Despite being declared 'one of the film industry's most sought-after choreographers' in the press notes, director Anne Fletcher often films her principal dancers from the waist up.
The paper-thin plot is just a figleaf for the singing and dancing, and of that there's lots. These kids can do it, and that more than anything else makes the mediocre script worth the trouble.
By the numbers, teen-dance romance that takes it's lead from Save The Last Dance, Dirty Dancing and numerous others that it shamelessly imitates.
My, he's an uncouth roughneck, but perhaps, just perhaps I can mold his raw talent into the dance partner of my dreams!
Unless you're a pushover pre-teen with a hankering for lousy acting and 'this is your generation!' screenwriting that would take the label 'hackneyed' as a compliment, I would suggest tangoing over to another movie worth your time.
Formulaic and hokey, but a pleasure to watch. The "male lead," Channing Tatum, lights up the screen with charisma, believability, authenticity and some really great dancing.
The stars blend decently when they're flailing their limbs, but faced with the horribly earnest dialogue written by Duane Adler and Melissa Rosenberg, neither stands out
Two Movie Chicks definitely disagree. One thought it had plenty of humor and tons of great dancing; the other thought it missed a couple of steps.
Whenever Channing Tatum, Jenna Dewan and the rest of the spry young cast start moving, the film springs to life, and when they start talking, 'Step Up' collapses in a heap, like a dancer's discarded sweatshirt.
The well-cast leads are more than appealing enough to encourage a rooting interest. Better still, they obviously do their own dancing, and do it very well.
Yeah, there's some cool dancing, but it's not imaginatively lensed, and this whole, by-the-numbers routine takes itself way too seriously.
The dancing is energetic and skillful, and the predictable, hackneyed plot is benign.
Tatum and Dewan have no chemistry while dancing or making out (not to mention whenever they're unfortunate enough to have to speak).
As Nigel Lithgoe or Mary Murphy might say, it just wasn't good enough, and at this stage of the game audiences, and I, sure as heck deserved better.
Would probably be booted off 'So You Think You Can Dance' and booed off of 'America's Got Talent.'
Just step up, walk out of the theater and don't look back.
When Step Up reaches beyond the dance floor... the movie fatally stumbles and never regains its footing.
A rough Baltimore kid, armed only with a killer smile and hip-hop moves, falls for a classically trained dancer in another retread of Footloose.
a hip-hop version of High School Musical, some juvenile delinquency and a drive-by shooting added in to provide some street cred, but still a Disney-fied world where kisses are important and happy endings are guaranteed.
Depressingly predicable to the point of seeming uneventful -- if every scene and emotional beat is visible an act in advance, why bother with a storyline?
A movie I thought I would hate I ended up liking a lot. Ninety-seven minutes of looking at gorgeous Jenna Dewan gave me a glimpse of what paradise might be like.
A formulaic, opposites-attract romance based on whatever music/ dance craze/sport happens to be of interest to young viewers easygoing enough to part with cash without demanding creativity.
Predictable in every respect, the story line mainly serves as an excuse for a series of exuberant dance routines, thankfully choreographed by Fletcher to show off the dancers' entire forms rather than just flashing body parts.
Step Up never quite does fly: its dance routines are low-voltage, the star chemistry is weak, the characters are clichés and the movie is practically an instant remake of Dewan's other '06 dance musical, Take the Lead,.
While the music keeps things in step with the dancing, the rest of the you've-seen-it-before story has trouble keeping up.
It's hard to feel the fire in Step Up because of how stars Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum dance: separately. The movie lacks the pairs dance sequences that show how romance moves.
Choreographer Fletcher's directorial debut may be a bit clunky, and how many teen flicks like this have we seen?
You can sort of see the appeal of Step Up, especially during the dead of summer. It's totally mindless eye candy.
While Step Up will pass the time lightly in that air-conditioned theater, it really never amounts to more than a barely warmed over rehash of teen dance flick moves.
The movie is as fleeting as the last weekend of summer.
Alas, most of Step Up takes place away from the dance floor.
About midway through, Step Up seems to get bored by the dancing and shifts to a pointless gang violence subplot.
If only the high school dance-romance Step Up were a sort of wall-to-wall, start-to-finish dance extravaganza. Then, there would be less of a story to complain about.
We don't see any of those footprints that dance teachers arrange on the floor to show students where to step, but we certainly can see the handwriting on the wall in terms of where this movie is going.
Horribly clichéd and utterly predictable, Step Up is completely dead when it isn't dancing -- and isn't much better when it is.
Step Up is so derivative of films like Dirty Dancing, Save the Last Dance and more that it essentially comes pre-choreographed by other movies.
While predictability and occasionally wooden dialogue keep this from being a truly good movie, it's certainly entertaining enough to please its intended audience.
Step Up is so predictable, so remarkably so, you might wonder how such a movie got made.
Thin storytelling married to thin bodies of extreme physical grace, this clunky but moderately charming descendant of Saturday Night Fever and Fame covers the usual territory.
... the focus should be on pirouettes, breakdancing, or some giddily ridiculous combination thereof, but the film piles on half a dozen subplots that keep the leads out of pointy shoes.
Though formulaic and rather silly, obstinately hard to dislike, mostly thanks to its boundless energy and its agreeable cast.
Atrocious writing takes its toll on the cast's considerable energy, which is best showcased in dance sequences that could have been a lot longer given the cloying melodrama that's the viewing alternative.
a surprisingly wholesome bit of fluff with an amiably charismatic cast and a script that should be cited for violating the basic tenets of solid scriptwriting
Step, under the sure hand of director-choreographer Anne Fletcher, quickly discovers its own virtuoso charms.
The dubious concept of blending ballet with hip-hop dancing is explored only as far as line dance choreography will allow in this cliché-riddled romance that coasts on the strength of its charismatic leads...
Step Up doesn't front: it has better dance moves--and a more valuable, clear-cut sensibility--than any video nominated for a VMA this year.




@highlight

This trite teen romance has too little plot and not enough dancing.