Midnight in Paris is a very unselfish and lovely approach to inspiration, love, and the written word. A must watch.
Overall, Midnight in Paris is so d'lightful, so d'lovely, you're liable to forgive it anything. If you weren't in love with Paris before, prepare to be seduced.
... Allen brings his fantasy to life with such affection and joy that he transports us into his dream come true as a shared fantasy.
Mr. Allen's habitual romanticizing of the wealthy has grown stale and is especially problematic in this recession.
Breezy and casually profound, with a killer gimmick that keeps on giving.
I continue to be utterly taken with Midnight in Paris.
It's charming and smart, and riddled with little joys.
It's attractive and easy to slip into, but [Allen] didn't put enough thought into the design, and it soon falls apart.
It lacks the humor of Annie Hall. It lacks the depth of Manhattan. But it manages to entertain, mainly as an homage to Paris - a romp through the city's intellectual and artistic history.
Souffle light and long on charm, one of Allen's wittiest and certainly his most literary
The blend of charm, magic, wit, and characterization come together to make this an engaging and intellectually stimulating experience. This is a great film and one of the best of the year thus far.
The fact that Allen never explains how Bender bends time is a wise choice, there's no bogging down of the narrative which allows the flick to keep skipping along at a effervescent pace.
Nostalgic fluff (for all its faux rejection thereof), but it's my brand of fluff
[A] work of genius... [B]ecomes the butt of its own gentle joke... one that wraps up a paralyzing self-awareness in a redemptive self-deprecation to, finally and splendidly, laugh with great good humor at itself.
As on-screen Allen stand-ins go, Wilson is definitely one of the more effective ones, recognizably channelling those Allen neuroses within his own established persona and distinct comic rhythms.
Woody Allen seemed to have lost his fizz as a filmmaker of late - and then he uncorked the sparkling Midnight in Paris, a comic fantasy with all the effervescence of vintage champagne.
Woody Allen's comedy Midnight in Paris is a superior late-period work precisely because it appears that age and wisdom have finally allowed him to discover that his romantic streak can acknowledge his realist/cynical side without succumbing to it.
An accomplished film that's as entertaining as it is deliciously offbeat.
Watchable, and on a certain level, it's quite enjoyable.
[Woody] Allen brings his fantasy to life with such affection and joy that he transports us into his dream come true as a shared fantasy.
A surprise treat from Woody Allen who has spent too much energy selling his films to mainstream audiences...
einai apo aytes tis tainies poy se xaideyoyne epibrabeytika sto kefali, h anamesa sta mpoytia, giati exeis akoysta ton Cole Porter kai ton F. Scott Fitzgerald
Allen wants you to love Paris as much as Gil does and wants to show you the magic, the romance and the spark the city holds for him.
Filled with light-hearted fancy and a dazzling cast, Woody Allen's latest film is a magical stroll through a magnificent city
Although the film suggests that we should enjoy the present for all it's worth, we have a great time enjoying this brief episode in a literate and beauty-filled past
The magic of Paris and the mystique of an era gone-by are the stars of Midnight in Paris - Woody Allen's best film for years
So light and breezy you might not recognize this Paris postcard comes by way of the ever-relevant Woody Allen, who mixes time travel and nostalgia to delightful effect...
It's not a bad film -- it just could have been a lot better.
Midnight In Paris is clever, watchable, mildly entertaining and quite amusing. Unfortunately -- after its initial gimmick -- it's also pretty predictable, and amounts to a lot less than the sum of its parts.
The most acceptable Woody Allen film in a long time.
This combination of whimsy and romance is, for me, much more successful than Allen's previous European city film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona.
It's passable Woody waffle designed strictly for fans.
His assembly of a beautiful montage of Parisian scenery that precedes the opening credits sets the unique tone Allen chases to perfection.
Call it a fantasy or a rom-com or a satire or a travelogue - with this film, Allen's fearlessness declares he is past whatever label people place on his work. If you still feel the need, call it a love story - with a city, a memory, an art and a self.
If you don't leave the cinema with a smile on your face, I'll be very, very surprised.
Midnight in Paris is Allen's most charming, romantic and funny film in a long time.
Beguiling, bewitching, enchanting, enthralling; Woody Allen has offered us a glimpse into his imagination, exorcised some (rather amiable) demons and shared with us one of the frothiest, funniest and most heart-warming films in years.
Bravo, monsieur Woody!
Midnight In Paris radiates positivity with its call to live life to the full and in the now.
Recent Allen films have tended towards the perfunctory, often looking like a succession of clumsy first takes. In Midnight in Paris he is relaxed and confident.
Allen at his sentimental best.
Wilfully silly and heart-warming, this film is very easy viewing.
Nostalgic and achingly beautiful, this is Allen's best since Husbands And Wives.
A well put together exercise in the pleasures and pitfalls of nostalgia...
Witty, featherlight and openly sentimental, this is Woody's love letter to Paris and the most relaxed, likeable movie he's made in years.
It could have been shot down a country lane in Rutland, but Allen naturally preferred the charms, history and passions of Paris for a story that's both timeless and topical.
An effervescent, witty and absorbing tale lost in time ... Allen rekindles his character love affair that made him such a satisfying film-maker a couple of decades ago ...
Midnight in Paris contains sequences happier than can be described.
Just when Woody Allen seemed to have written and directed himself out, he comes up with his biggest hit.
Midnight in Paris is a breeze: a bauble, but a jolly one.
A delightful exercise in wish-fulfillment, the picture is one of the most unashamedly romantic of Allen's career - if not the most - with hardly a trace of his cynical, caustic and darkly ironic take on the world.
Only first-time visitors to Paris are in for disappointment: it simply can't live up to this.
The time flies by, which is always a good sign. When it ends you realise that the plot is fairly insubstantial, but it's still a watchable, enchanting 90 minutes.
If Allen's next stop on his Euro tour is anywhere near this enjoyable, consider our bags packed.
In the face of a decade of cynical misanthropy, the optimistic and effervescent Midnight in Paris is Allen's most purely enjoyable work in years.
Beautifully shot, wonderfully acted and superbly written, this is a hugely enjoyable, frequently funny and sweetly surreal comedy that marks a long-awaited return to form for Woody Allen.
Like much of Allen's best work, this is an ensemble film with a terrific supporting cast.
It's fun and it's most welcome.
Light, assured, and utterly charming: Woody Allen's sublime gifts are still intact.
After a run of loose, uneven films, Allen hits the right notes in this funny, astute comedy about artistic creation and personal dreams. And Wilson turns out to be one of the best on-screen Allen surrogates in years.
Sadly, this movie made me want to go back in time to a glorious period in New York City in the 1970s and '80s when a filmmaker named Woody Allen ruled the movie world.
Allen's finest film since 2005's Match Point and a comedy to boot.
Midnight in Paris finds exactly the right groove for its story and stays there. It's a winner.
A few rough patches aside, I found Midnight in Paris to be a delight
"Midnight in Paris," a parable about romanticism and nostalgia, recalls Early Owen as much as Early Woody.
This is [Allen's] most satisfying film in decades, a film with wit and ideas that is primarily about romanticism, illusion, and nostalgia.
What an enchanting movie - almost as enchanting as its location.
As befits Woody Allen, Midnight in Paris. is chock-full of cultural homages: Hemingway and Stein are just a small sample of the legends Allen parades onscreen.
A trifle filled with nostalgia and fantasy touristy fare.
Go in blind, and let it gobsmack you into euphoria.
A beautiful little jewel of a movie, and I'm thrilled to realize that Woody Allen still has films this good inside of him.
Literate and funny, light-hearted yet frequently eloquent
In the end it's about seeing through the illusion of nostalgia and yet not being disillusioned — about cherishing the past, while living in the present.
Allen in top form with Midnight in Paris.
Woody Allen's most entertaining comedy in years...
Ao abordar a insatisfação do protagonista com o presente em função de seu romantismo irrecuperável, o veterano diretor garante o sucesso temático de Meia-Noite em Paris.
'Midnight in Paris' is rewarding if not fully satisfying and indicates that, now closer to 80 than 70, the writer-director has found peace with life as he finds it.
This isn't a good Woody Allen movie. No, this is one of the great Woody Allen films.
Let's face it, Woody Allen makes some bad movies or at least only slightly entertaining movies. He might have been great in the past but that day has long gone.
Paris: C'est magnifique
Woody's most inspired comedy in years. Charming, and very enjoyable- even if you're not normally a Woody Allen fan.
Woody's last picture, 2010's You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger, managed to sneak onto my year-end "10 Worst" list, so color me stunned that Midnight in Paris exudes both charm and cleverness in equal measure.
This comedic masterpiece by one of America's legendary filmmaking geniuses is a fitting companion to "Paris, Je T'Aime" and like a fine wine should be savored by Allen's legion of loyal cinephiles.
It's an entertaining and sometimes hilarious film that belongs squarely in Allen's "hit" column.
Gil still believes in magic and Golden Ages and idolizes the writers and artists of the Lost Generation the way some boys worship Kobe Bryant and Peyton Manning.
Woody Allen's unhurried tribute to the art, passion and power of the written word and to Paris is fabulous. His best film in a decade.
"Midnight in Paris" is a bonbon to ease the craving for Allen's earlier, funnier films.
Though Wilson is considerably younger, blonder, more handsome and more Gentile than the Woody we know, he's somehow a natural in the role anyway.
A charming, lighthearted little lark of a film.
Midnight in Paris is a loving embrace of the city, of art and of life itself.
Considering Allen hasn't made an unqualified success since 1999's Sweet and Lowdown, it's easy to shrug off Midnight in Paris' occasional fumble when weighed against so much cleverness and canniness and, bien sûr, irresistible charm.
A clever and fun cinematic postcard that can transport susceptible romantics to the City of Light.
Directed with the wan functionality that has become Allen's trademark, the movie is a somewhat stale bonbon with a delicious time-travel center.
It's a charming, fanciful comedy in the vein of "Bullets over Broadway" and "The Purple Rose of Cairo," the kind of movie I honestly thought Woody had lost the knack for. But you can never count him out.
... the most fun to be had at a Woody Allen movie in a long time.
At a time when wedding parties gone wild is the plot du jour in movie comedies, it's reassuring to know that Woody Allen's cerebral absurdity is still intact.
It isn't a BAD movie. It has some good jokes. The gimmick of the film does have its charms... for a while.
Allen and Wilson dip their toes into the golden age
Allen's 41st is slender but entertaining
'Midnight in Paris' is a dream Woody Allen, and most importantly you, won't want to wake up from.
Woody Allen soars in Midnight in Paris. He suggests that no matter what era you're in you are unaware of its value, so you look back and see a better past. And the past, of course, is a selective illusion.
Amusing, whimsical, time-traveling cinematic celebration of the iconic City of Lights
Allen will probably never rekindle the magic of his earlier movies, [but] he comes pretty close with Midnight in Paris.
With everyone having fun, both in front of and behind the camera, it's hard for a viewer not to find the whimsy contagious.
A delightful piece of fantasy escapism that should entertain both art house crowd and mainstream viewers if they give Allen and the track record of his previous films a second chance. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
As confections go, this one is pure meringue, sweet and melting. And mostly air.
Our hero has found his groove among the Lost Generation and, for us, there's some amusement to be had in sharing Gil's thrills -- it's like stepping into a Classic Comics version of A Moveable Feast.
Midnight in Paris is charming and clever, at times wickedly astute and hopeful.
Woody Allen attracts promising players and does nothing with them.
There is breezy comedy to be made of a YouTube-age writer meeting the icons and idols of a bygone, classical era, but Allen goes deeper, expanding on his time-travel device to make unexpected and unexpectedly generous observations.
I find this upfront fantasy to be his funniest, most agreeable comedy in years.
Woody Allen's beleaguered heroes have never been reluctant to indulge in a little fantasy to get what they want.
It makes us happily remember the movies we thought Allen wasn't able to make anymore, even while the filmmaker reaches into the past to add one more great one to the list.
It succeeds because Allen's muse is completely activated, unlike last year's time-waster You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger, in which thought ran no deeper than the title joke.
[Allen's] most purely delightful film in many years.
It is less that Allen is repeating himself with "Midnight in Paris" than that he has once again crafted a work, about the enduring and ephemeral power of the artist, in his own image.
What's Wilson doing in a Woody Allen movie about a B-list screenwriter who time-travels from the present to the Jazz Age? Disarming the audience with his wistful joie de vivre, that's what.
Midnight in Paris is a terrific picture -- an appealing, bubbly, intelligent fantasy made by a director in an unusually playful mood.
Midnight in Paris is light, quick and pleasant, the kind of movie that boomers, their parents and their kids will eat up like cheese fondue.
Minor ... a one-sided infatuation that always looks fancy, thanks to Darius Khondji's exquisite Parisian cinematography, but isn't as fanciful as its dreamy foundation suggests.
A fantastic manipulation, taking viewers to a tranquil place of immense culture and beauty while studying the enticing ease of nostalgia. And here's something I never thought I'd write again: Owen Wilson is marvelous here.
Allen's best, or at any rate by a considerable margin his most pleasurable, since at least Sweet and Lowdown.
One of Allen's most charming projects in years, despite all odds.
Bittersweet whimsy pervades the biting humor as Allen once again examines the subject of romance and the bumbling, self-destructive ways people go about trying to find it and then to hang on to it
Allen's self-directed criticism of nostalgia worshippers could still come off as hypocritical, but his inventive approach instead results in one of the most charming, funny, and genuinely likable films that he's made in years.
Allen's most insightful and enjoyable screenplay since the mid-'90s, Midnight in Paris is a lovely summer surprise.
A very cute, whimsical idea even if it is not completely developed.
I want to shake each and every one of these actor's hands.
It's the funniest comedy he's delivered in years.
"Midnight in Paris" finds Allen in a larky, slightly tart and altogether bountiful mood, giving filmgoers a movie that, while unabashedly funny and playful, provides a profiterole or two for thought.
Wilson, as a man who's trying to right the course of his off-track life, turns out to be a surprisingly good fit for Allen's signature rhythms.
It may be an obvious punch line ... but Midnight in Paris, with its charming, imaginative sense of fancy, still manages to cull some truth out of it.
Easily Woody Allen's most enjoyable work since Small Time Crooks and his most lovely since Everyone Says I Love You.
The opening and closing moments of "Midnight in Paris" are visually resplendent. The movie in the middle gets in the way.
Those midnight excursions for Gil are what movies like this one are for us, an emotional vacation that, if we are lucky, inspires respite, clarity, and renewal.
Woody Allen's latest movie gift ... combines blithe romantic comedy with fantasy, adds a touch of insight and wraps it all up in a beautiful Parisian bow.
A movie that's loving and wistful and often hysterically funny.
While Allen may not be reinventing any wheels, he still has it.
A sweet-natured trifle, as flavorful and as thin as a crepe.
A delicious trifle for anyone who has ever dreamt of bantering about the cinema with Luis Buñuel or lounging at the piano to hear Cole Porter sing "Let's Do It."
"Midnight in Paris" makes you yearn for the time when brainy larks weren't a once-a-year occasion.
Very funny and deeply charming, Midnight in Paris is a living dream about feeling at home somewhere else, with someone else.
Cotillard makes for a generic muse, and the grass-is-always-greener theme creaks, but Paris might still be Woody's new Manhattan.
Woody Allen must have had a great time writing this screenplay.
A frail conceit that Allen fills out with humor that's surprisingly obvious and broad...a mildly diverting fantasy, executed without much style.
Woody Allen sketches out a roundelay that tackles with warmth and a playful intelligence the gulf between heart and head in matters of nostalgia and love.
Wilson is a surprisingly good conduit for for the [Woody] Allen persona.
As a conceit, the visit with literary celebrities may be thin, and the episodes are brief and sketchy, but wish fulfillment is part of the movie's charm.
Jaunty romcom mines adult themes of marriage and career.
Smart, funny, whimsical--one of the best romantic comedies in recent years.
sweet, not altogether satisfying variation on the fantasy-becomes-reality conceit he used in his Depression-era The Purple Rose of Cairo.
The story and dialogue are funny and striking; the costumes exceptional; the ambience superb. Wilson, Cotillard, and Stoll give award-quality performances.
"Midnight in Paris" holds a springtime sense of romantic desire. So much the better if you happen to walk out of the cinema, as I did, onto a rainy urban street after seeing it.
A huge part of the charm of Midnight in Paris derives from the finely calibrated casting, long one of Allen's superpowers as a director.
I had a smile on my face from the moment Woody Allen's latest film began, with an idyllic series of Parisian street scenes set to the music of jazz great Sidney Bechet...and the film maintained that lovely quality all the way to...
A sweet and lively story, and a nicely packaged new outing from a past master who has done little more than repeat himself for at least two decades.
...strikes a nice balance between starry-eyed romanticism and cynical detachment.
Above all, Allen manages to capture something warm and wonderful about the love of a city, similar to the feeling he captured about New York in his early films Annie Hall and Manhattan.
Owen Wilson, an unusual choice, is fine here and the great supporting cast, from the present day characters to the actors who play the noted writers and artists from yesteryear, all relish their roles and are a joy to watch.
This is not the best by Woody Allen but it sure is clever and entertaining and Paris looks great.
As a filmmaker, Allen has grappled with the temptations of repeating himself instead of forging a fresh path. You can feel that conflict here, and watching him work it out is exhilarating.
In Woody Allen's beguiling and then bedazzling new comedy, nostalgia isn't at all what it used to be -- it's smarter, sweeter, fizzier and ever so much funnier.
Allen's new "Midnight in Paris" is a lot like his earlier, funnier movies. And it's far and away his sunniest effort since "Mighty Aphrodite."
Midnight in Paris is as light as a soufflé, and almost as sweet.
Though it never ventures past the tourist quarters of Paris, this is one of Woody's most handsomely photographed movies.
The idea has likely been in Allen's head since forever, but it's arrived at the right moment.
celebrates the timeless allure of the City of Light to the cinematic image without apology but it never goes as far as to overstate that allure
While not the laughfest that was Vicky Christina Barcelona, Midnight reveals a different side of Woody Allen, one that's kinda magical.
It's an entertaining trifle that is at least as engaging as, and perhaps more likeable than, a majority of the filmmaker's recent excursions.
...a charming bon-bon, a bookend to his "Purple Rose of Cairo." But it is also a refreshing take to hear the septuagenarian filmmaker who has shown a predilection for embracing the past push an alter ego so firmly into the future.
Here's a sentence I never thought I'd write again: Woody Allen has made a wonderful new picture, "Midnight in Paris," and it's his best, most enjoyable work in years.
Entertaining enough, but unmistakably the work of a later, lesser era.
Glorious, sophisticated, very funny. Allen knowingly toys with romanticism as Manhattan meets Purple Rose of Cairo, with Paris and the 20's instead of NY and the Depression.
It is marvelously romantic, even though - or precisely because - it acknowledges the disappointment that shadows every genuine expression of romanticism.
The tone is a welcome throwback to ... "The Purple Rose of Cairo" and the other fantasy-tinged films he made in the '80s. It's also the funniest film he's directed in 10 or 15 years.
Having sampled London and Barcelona in recent films, Woody Allen continues his grand tour of European cities with Midnight in Paris, an ingratiating, tourist-oriented exercise in nostalgia for a city that doesn't exist.
The groupie-like celebration of Allen's doubled-up cultural insecurity and ambition represents a global degradation of culture standards.
A Woody Allen classic with Paris as an enchanting backdrop, some appealing characters, and a potpourri of witty one-liners.
A comedy for smart people. Allen's humor prizes cultural literacy, a rarity in these times. It's magical, in all the right ways.
This is prime Woody Allen -- insightful, philosophical and very funny.
In a film so ripe with temptations for posturing, exaggeration and satirical overacting, nobody is anything less than natural, unpretentious and funny as hell.
Enjoyable and funny and lovely to look at, not all we could ask from Allen, but the kind of fanciful and well-acted movie he still does better than anybody.
A deceptively light time-travel romance, Midnight in Paris uses fairy-tale devices as a way to get to the filmmaker's familiar, real-life-sourced themes.
Woody Allen's Parisian fantasia time-travels around the City of Light with great fun and affection. It hasn't the depth (or heart) of Manhattan, but it's a delirious ride.
Woody Allen has found the right time and the right place with "Midnight in Paris," his lightest, funniest and most-satisfying movie in a long time.
Rather surprisingly... Midnight is an absolutely terrific film, fleet and brisk and as charming as it wants to be.
Has a beauty, a frothiness and a wink-wink sense of humor that's enlivening.
With Midnight in Paris, Allen may convince even those who have given up on him that there's life in the old dog yet.
This supernatural comedy isn't just Allen's best film in more than a decade; it's the only one that manages to rise above its tidy parable structure and be easy, graceful, and glancingly funny, as if buoyed by its befuddled hero's enchantment.
A witty and whimsical big screen Bon Voyage, with the director's guy Cinderella body double geek on board. As Woody time travel meets tourist traps, and flying coach to Paris with head in the clouds, turns into eventual pumpkins for all.
Woody Allen's latest film is a pleasant, if very undercharged affair, which unashamedly basks in every last cliché about Paris as a city of artists, intellectuals, gourmands and lovers.
Woody Allen's time-travelling comedy Midnight In Paris is a valentine to Paris and an absolute delight.
Midnight in Paris is a welcome addition to the Allen oeuvre, an affectionate love letter to France that'll leave you grinning at its silliness and sweetness from ear to ear.
Allen seems to be paying attention in a way he hasn't always done in recent films, and has found a way to channel his often-caustic misanthropy, half-comic fear of death and anti-American bitterness into agreeable comic whimsy.
Pure Woody Allen. Which is not to say great or even good Woody, but a distillation of the filmmaker's passions and crotchets, and of his tendency to pass draconian judgment on characters the audience is not supposed to like.
Midnight in Paris is Allen's strongest movie in at least 10 years, a fantasy about delusion rather than a deluded fantasy itself, but it's no masterwork.
Maybe if I paid more attention in high school English I'd get it.
Woody Allen's latest venture takes him into new territory and moving locations has inspired him to deliver one of his strongest premises in years.
A comic gem with an exquisitely photographed Paris forming an elegant backdrop.
Midnight It Paris is an amusing and elegantly constructed love letter to Paris, rich on romance, humour and culture and driven by a nicely pitched performance by Owen Wilson as a would-be writer in-love with the city and its cultural past.
Like a swoony lost chapter from Paris, je t'aime agreeably extended to feature length.
Woody's in good form and Paris looks glorious in this droll time-traveling fantasy.
Fresh and fast-moving, light but deeply-felt, a work of charm, imagination, and even surprise.
It's far too ponderous. Still, it's not wholly terrible, and that's not something you can say about Allen's films very often these days.
As cinematic froth, Midnight in Paris passes the time prettily enough. But neither its characters nor its sense of place really stands up in the light of day.
For my money, the best Allen movie in 10 years, or maybe even close to 20...
Light and gimmicky, self-reflexive and shallow, Allen's time-travel romantic comedy is an amusing, occasionally witty love letter to Paris the city and the myth.
... as second-tier Allen goes, it is a lovely reminder of just how effortless he can make it all seem.
Sporadically entertaining, light, shallow, self-plagiarising.
Sweet, sentimental, and vibrant, Woody Allen's "Midnight in Paris" rightfully points out that yesterday's frolicking bar might be today's laundry mat ... but we can always visit the good times in our memories.
Adding depth to the comedy is a smart thematic idea: that golden ages are never golden to those living through them, who merely hanker to escape their own period too.

@highlight

It may not boast the depth of his classic films, but the sweetly sentimental Midnight in Paris is funny and charming enough to satisfy Woody Allen fans.