The rendering of the animation itself is decent, without being over-saturated. Fun fare for kids.
If you're old enough to read this then you're probably too old for this bright and child-friendly animation.
This retelling of Daniel Defoe's literary classic is squarely aimed at very young children.
The purists will stir their stomach like Robinson Crusoe before the shipwreck, but they will be surprised by the changes in this adaptation and will truly enjoy this film. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with an absolute lack of enthusiasm, rhythm and movement for adventure. [Full review in Spanish]
The Wild Life starts with a shaky idea and goes downhill from there.
An impeccable animation, but with a story that doesn't stand out, losing the opportunity to get closer to families and new generations. [Full review in Spanish]
Where did this delightful little movie come from?
Robinson Crusoe: The Wild Life is a handbook of mistakes -- although I can't say whether the problem was lack of budget, time, or simply judgment.
Robinson Crusoe badly and baldly retold from a talking macaw's point-of-view, French-Belgian production The Wild Life is chattering, increasingly antic animal-animation.
It doesn't have the technical resources to compete with other animated films. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that reproduces the recipe for a more commercial cinema for adults, adapted to children's profitable market. [Full review in Spanish]
This one is utterly, doggedly, defiantly undistinguished, designed only to play for a big opening weekend, cashing in on those millions of parents out there with nothing better to do with their kids on a Saturday afternoon.
Kids might be amused, but adults will find the jokes weak, the narrative bleak and little to pass the time between animal chase scenes.
In a year where animated entertainment has had an embarrassment of riches, The Wild Life is merely an embarrassment, and a pretty grand one at that.
contemporary relevance doesn't make this movie any more interesting. It just floats by on flat characters and predictable gags, a functional distraction for kids who are bound to forget it as soon as they hit the next episode of Dora The Explorer.
Taken all in all, The Wild Life is a harmless but instantly forgettable children's movie.
The best thing to be said about this pedestrian, sedentary storyline is that it contains no bathroom humour. But since it also contains practically no humour at all, this isn't much of an endorsement.
The sight gags and one-liners are much too tepid for all but the smallest and least discriminating children.
Forgettable talking-animal adventure has some scares.
The Wild Life is a harmless piece of second-tier animation that will pass silently in the night.
There's always a lot to look at. The script is so-so, but the total lack of snark and cynicism in the film is refreshing.
One is likely to wish that as much attention and effort would have been put into crafting an engaging story and characters as making the visuals pop. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Stuff for young kids, etc. - also Available)
The animation is quite good but the voice talent is poor, the characters are dull, and the story and script start out badly and go downhill from there.
It's no great shock when a movie based on a beloved book falls short of the original, but few fail as confoundingly as "The Wild Life."
Has a handful of novel 3-D effects, lots of bright colours, competent animation and little else.
"The Wild Life" is an import from Belgium that should have been left at customs.
Almost completely unfunny and mostly uninspired, The Wild Life coasts by on attractive visuals alone. Otherwise, this is a painful 90 minutes.
Even kids won't be wild about The Wild Life.
The animation is barely serviceable, with forgettable characters, tedious action, and visuals that call too much attention to the spotty 3-D effects.
Belgians may have bragging rights on waffles, but judging from "The Wild Life," their animated fare needs help.
"The Wild Life" is pretty to look at, with its skies and ocean, calm or stormy, and it has a driving soundtrack. But the story lacks that extra layer of complexity and meaning that parents can appreciate.
It's like the generic version of a Disney movie.
As animated extravaganzas go, it lacks rhythm and a captivating sense of escalation.
A dull, uninspired and frantically tedious animated re-telling of the Robinson Crusoe story, complete with a menagerie of ditzy, caterwauling beasts. Consequently, this cacophonous misfire feels a good deal longer than its 91-minute running time.
Though hardly terrible, the movie is imminently forgettable. Once it's over, it feels as if it never happened.
'The Mild Life' would be a better, and certainly more accurate, title for this juvenile retelling of the Robinson Crusoe story, which despite including numerous action sequences, comes across as pedestrian and rather tepid.
All things considered, this pitifully plotted Belgian-French production represents the nadir of animated movies released so far this year, a farrago of frantic action and mindless cacophony.
Not a single laugh in it.
A confused, charmless take on the Robinson Crusoe story.
The animators are clearly trying to craft something bubbly, but they misguidedly go all in on imitating the contemporary Disney model - or DreamWorks', at least - rather than offering anything different.
It exists in the kids-only zone where parents go to pay for their sins or, hopefully, get a nap.
The sort of uninspired international pre-sales item that usually goes straight from a basement booth at the Cannes film market to a Netflix parent's peripheral vision.
A bland electronic babysitter, suitable only for small children still distracted by bright colors, slapstick cartoon animals, and simplistic wordplay.
Less a harrowing survival tale than a sweet-natured talking-animal cartoon for young children. ... This is pleasant but entirely frivolous fare.
Save a final swashbuckling sequence in which Crusoe and chums fend off pirates, there's nothing to match, say, that spooky moment when the hero finds footprints in the sand.
A relatively entertaining animated adventure of a famous adventurer which the youngsters will happily eat up.
Offers captivating thrills and non stop entertainment for an under 8 audience.
Smaller children might be moderately entertained, but I saw it in a cinema full of families and there was neither much laughing nor engagement going on.
Bland family fare distinguished only by the energetic use of 3D.
Each helter-skelter turn throws up story and design elements you'll have seen better programmed elsewhere.
There is some visual appeal and sporadic energy, but the lacklustre script and dull storytelling make for a blandly forgettable addition to an already overcrowded field of family entertainment.
There's more than enough here to keep younger children quiet over a rainy bank holiday weekend.
An impressively made if highly juvenile version of a literary classic.
Whether dangling characters off the edge of a cliff or zooming around Crusoe's rickety wooden waterslide, the story is constantly on the go, launching objects and characters along the Z axis - and out over the audiences' heads.

@highlight

The Wild Life uses its classic source material as a half-hearted springboard into a colorfully animated but essentially empty experience that only the youngest of viewers will find at all entertaining.