Impeccable design, perfect casting, sound that takes the clack of a typewriter and embeds it into all sorts of furious onscreen rhythms... I was swooning even before the love story kicked in.
Atonement's goal is so ephemeral that film may not be able to do it complete justice. All that said, it's still a fantastic piece of craftsmanship, benefiting from loving direction and excellent performances.
An epic, grandiose, and immensely sad film, Atonement is an extremely well crafted, visually rich love story set during a tumultuous time of war, where two impassioned characters are forever torn apart by the selfish jealousy of another.
Figurines in a teacup set, shipped over in boxes labeled 'For your consideration'
Frustratingly uneven, struggling to maintain momentum as it lurches through extended lulls and indulges in cliched genre affectations.
zaslu%u017Euje pohvale, ali ne onakve kakve bi trebao imati ozbiljni kandidat za "Oscara"
Players outshine the script
Director Joe Wright and screenwriter Christopher Hampton tap into the underlying passion and pathos from which all the absurdity, irony, and poetry follow.
Ranks among the best films of the year.
It's a romantic epic, set in the past, featuring some beautiful imagery, high drama and terrific performances from its small, all British cast. It's also (which isn't always a given when it comes to Best Picture contenders) a great movie.
Atonement may look and sound like a Best Picture candidate, but that's all Wright's doing.
Joe Wright directs Atonement with an eye to framing each performance with spectacularly vivid images, including a genuinely breathtaking tracking shot on the bloody, wreckage-strewn beach at Dunkirk.
Atonement is a film out of balance, nimble enough in its first half but oddly scattered and ungainly once it leaves the grounds of the Tallis estate.
As beautiful as it is thought-provoking and soulful.
not a Jane Austin story, but it could be, if Jane Austin hardened up her subject matter a bit
Few films this year were as magnificent looking and few as misunderstood.
[U]ltimately, the movie amounts to rolling lawns, lovely costumes, and characters that simply fail to resonate.
Director Joe Wright is quickly establishing himself as a powerhouse adapter of period romance tomes.
At some points Wright appears to be simply showing off the dexterity of his visual ambitions to the detriment of the story's emotional core.
the film actually transcends the novel at times, due in no small part to Seamus McGarvey's fluid camera work.
Ronan has a remarkably self-possessed, haunted quality that would be impressive for a newcomer of any age.
...This leads to one of the best romances of the year. The problem comes when an older Briony attempts to atone for her misdeeds.
Wright's camera takes you on many memorable journeys, none as great as an incredible five minute tracking shot in which the scene never cuts away
Atonement exquisitely captures the essence and nuance of the page and translates it to the screen with breathtaking originality.
This is one fine film and I found it even more moving than the book.
As a technical achievement, it's one of the better films I have seen this year. The story is old-school overblown and yet it is played so sincerely you hardly notice its old-fashioned fire.
An overly-ambitious, ultimately unsatisfying adaptation of Ian McEwen's best-selling romance novel.
Podrá resultar más o menos bella, triste, fría, conmovedora, romántica, incluso intrascendente, pero sin duda estamos ante una película exquisitamente elaborada por un brillante equipo de artistas.
Sweeping, showy, and stiff, Joe Wright's adaptation of Ian McEwan's pedigreed bestseller traffics in florid staging and callow emotions.
Provides for the most inspiring cinematic experience of the year.
Atonement has significant themes, tragic circumstances and profound lessons on life and personal responsibility. It's sooooooo booooooring.
Atonement's extraordinary qualities outweigh any quibbles.
The lingering deaths of soldiers and the lost causes they embody serve as tragic backdrops to the less compelling plot points embodied by Briony and her characters.
a superbly-made film that all but cries out for Oscar accolades
One of the few adaptations that gives a novel the film it deserves.
Nothing ruins a pretty good movie more than calling it great, and with Atonement, even 'pretty good' feels like a stretch.
Knightley is exquisite shouldering... old Hollywood glamour... McAvoy positively simmers with the kind of emotion... that old Hollywood trained us to love in romantic heroes...
Acaba se sobressaindo não exatamente pela história de amor que narra (embora esta funcione), mas sim pelo curioso experimento narrativo que se propõe a fazer.
Great-looking film with a weak story.
I was interested, but detached. I felt like I was watching a pathological study of the effects of an unpleasant young girl's lie as it destroys three lives.
Atonement is an exquisitely crafted film bursting with the possibilities that cinema has to offer.
The acting is superb.
Sale of the love story is hampered by the sheer number of impossible coincidences that mount on the first day of events. Great Sound direction. Good Cinematography.
Defined by grand cinematic gestures that go nowhere.
A swoon of thwarted love, Atonement is missing something, the heartrending something that would make an otherwise gorgeous film a romance for the ages.
..you must admire the precision of Wright's craft and the accuracy of the performances of all the actors -- if you're a certain kind of moviegoer you likely won't care that you don't believe a word of it.
Even without all of this bungled structure and flawed internal logic, Atonement still fizzles.
Smaller than you'd expect, though many may remember it for the exquisite period detail, production design or fluid camera work.
One of the many films around Oscar season that's easy to respect but hard to love.
What really sets Atonement apart from other films is the incredible one-two punch at the end that you never see coming and might think about for days.
...without a sense of justice, Atonement just doesn't pay its penance. It turns a potentially magnificent movie into something that's merely good.
[Director Joe] Wright and cinematographer Seamus McGarvey move us gracefully and jarringly from the gorgeous English countryside to the horrors of war.
[The film] is, in the end, mildly disappointing, a movie that is beautiful but without warmth. Hopefully Joe Wright can continue on the visual path he is blazing for himself while not again losing the humanity of his wonderful Pride & Prejudice.
It grapples with some of the most bruising aspects of the human condition
Somehow the intensity of McEwan's voice hasn't survived and once we move beyond the magic of that lost summer's day, the film becomes a strangely cool and cerebral experience.
The fractured perspective reduces our emotional attachment to the events. That said, if you're looking for a weepy romance %u2013 albeit one with an aggressively bittersweet ending %u2013 Wright delivers adequately.
...this season's serious British film. It's entertaining, provocative and oh so obviously Oscar bait.
A film that instantly joins the ranks of the great screen romances.
It's a shame that the denouement doesn't completely provide us with the emotional catharsis we require.
The movie poses a fascinating question: Can one ever atone for a sin that destroyed somebody's life? The exploration of the answer and the execution of the film are equally remarkable, making this adaptation of the Ian McEwan novel a top 2007 film.
There's no sinking into "Atonement," no losing yourself to it, no moment when the screen fades away and the story and the characters come to the fore to overcome you.
Sightly better than average, unless you count Keira Knightley's lack of screen time as a positive (note: it is).
It's the only epic I can think of that blossoms out of the notorious slang word for female genitalia. Reduced that way, it sounds kind of silly, and it is kind of silly.
Any man who says he likes this slow-paced, phantasmagorical movie needs a double shot of testosterone.
Even with its strong themes and performances, Atonement will be enjoyed most by those enthralled when the craft of filmmaking becomes an art.
... the only thing worse than leaving the theater unfulfilled is feeling manipulated and foolish for your own emotional investment.
Most people will recognize Knightley, but it's McAvoy who will have you talking after the credits roll
A deft juggling of time, place, and character.
The rat-a-tat-tat of a typewriter strafes the soundtrack repeatedly to remind us of the power of storytelling and to suggest that words can hit like bullets.
Atonement, a triumph of adulthood, atones for a lot of shoddy stuff at the movies in 2007.
Epic and heart-rending, Atonement accents its old-fashioned qualities with a modern-day frankness.
The interpretation is so painstaking and moving that almost every moment delivers a shuddering jolt to the head and the heart.
This is a film that might have contained itself better, but it still stings with bitter truth.
Slapstick and romantic tragedy slam into each other -- and, almost unique in a period piece, the characters become so 'real' they're magical.
Imagination typically should be encouraged in children, but an excess of it leads to tragedy in this more than worthy adaptation of Ian McEwan's 2002 novel.
...richly textured, deeply moving...
This chick-lit flick is an 'English Patient' style epic.
The story that begins so frivolously, in elegant surroundings and shimmering long gowns comes to its conclusion with a piercing twist to the heart.
In its first 45 minutes, Atonement achieves a kind of perfection rare even for big Oscar-bait movies. Every facet of the filmmaking is the equal of any picture released this year. The rest of the movie isn't so bad.
Well-acted and reasonably engaging period piece. And it suggests Keira Knightley is at her best when she's in "costume dramas" such as this.
The performances are all solid.
Epic and occasionally heartbreaking but never as powerful or cohesive as it ought to be.
Excellent literary adaptation too mature for kids.
A rare, slightly astonishing success.
The regret I felt the most while watching Atonement was not Briony's, but my own for having gotten myself stuck in two hours of drudgery.
There is a lot that is contrived and does not work. The little things wrong with the film add up to too much.
The film wholly transports you into the lives of fictional characters, making their pain, passion, and regret more real than anything else. All of the elements come together to create a near perfect film.
Magnifies its inescapable destiny with dazzling bravura.
Fairly well-directed, well-written and well-acted, and it never quite gets around to answering the fundamental question...why does this thing exist?
It grabs your heart and doesn't let go.
[T]his is a must to avoid, particularly because it appears to be selling the message that writing is, by nature, dishonest.
Keira's tragic hottie pays for the guilty pleasure of an innocent stolen kiss from a servant's son (James McAvoy), with a lifetime of suffering and personal pain.
I don't ever recall seeing a movie that did to me what Atonement did. It started off strong, then completely stopped working for me around the halfway point. Then, at the last possible second, the film somehow managed to turn itself back around.
More, it is an instant classic, Wright's mind-blowing marvel a sensation I'm sure I'll euphorically enjoy over and over again.
Atonement has hints of greatness but I think it falls just short of Oscar contention.
Some of the most creative and beautiful cinematography of the year combined with the best performances to date by Knightly and McAvoy and earthshaking work by relative newcomer Romola Garai make this one of the best films out there
An intellectual understanding of the story is clarified at the expense of any emotional connection to the characters on screen.
Although this film doesn't hinge on any great mystery or twist, it is a film that reveals itself slowly and in subtle satisfying ways.
Like Wright's previous award contender, "Atonement" is just a good enough drama with many flaws, but excels with strong performances from McAvoy and newcomer Ronan...
A lushly shot, proficiently performed, and largely stultifying period piece that invites only mild, detached admiration.
James McAvoy and Keira Knightley are intoxicating together.
It's impossible not to marvel at Wright's technical virtuosity.
A cinematic fellatio for anyone easily impressed by set and costume design.
It ranks with the best novel adaptations of recent times.
As good a film as one could imagine having been made from a great work of contemporary fiction.
Atonement is not only too polite but maddeningly orderly, resulting in a prettily cast, professionally performed, impeccably mounted bore.
It's a stunner that does justice to a great book.
On paper and on screen, Atonement is a story of rare beauty, both wrenching and wise.
Atonement takes a familiar movie environment, a setting that we think we know, and uses it for an examination of a host of dark impulses, such as jealousy, lust, cruelty and deceit.
An impressive expenditure of talent and craft on a complicated, stubbornly book-bound story that remains at a frustrating emotional distance.
Atonement is a handsome film, an earnest film, a film with taste in music and photography and a real sense of intelligence. But too often it feels like an exercise.
A gripping film.
Director Joe Wright and screenwriter Christopher Hampton not only blow the Merchant-Ivory dust off the British period movie, they transform Ian McEwan's interior novel into a sweeping epic that speaks to the 21st-century soul.
It is an amazing story, filled with quiet moments of profundity and more surprises than you could imagine.
Christopher Hampton's screenplay respects the literary focus of Ian McEwan's novel without falling into the trap of becoming uncinematic.
These performers not only have the looks for a sweeping love story, they also have the skill to throw themselves into the proceedings like they really mean it.
If you appreciate rigorous cinematic artistry along with your transcendent romance, you may just find the whole package heartrending.
This is one of the best movies of 2007.
It is mindful art doubling as unapologetic entertainment, an ode to eros and errors assembled with vision and meticulous care.
Craft is everywhere in the film, in many touches that make it elegantly forceful.
Atonement does what a tragic romance is supposed to do.
Against those odds, screenwriter Christopher Hampton and director Joe Wright have turned McEwan's best novel into a fluid, sumptuous and thoroughly engaging drama.
Given the difficulties in transferring Ian McEwan's trickily structured 2001 novel Atonement to the screen, director Joe Wright and screenwriter Christopher Hampton have done a commendable job. Commendable but not electrifying.
Atonement is so good it redeems our faith in intelligent drama.
The movie never goes as deep as the novel (no movie could), but it's a worthy approximation: a Merchant-Ivory movie that turns in on itself with a lucid and painful sigh.
Atonement is one of the best and most powerful films of 2007 and should be well rewarded come Oscar time.
Fans of the original source material will definitely know what to expect here. The rest of us, who can't seem to connect to any of these characters (let alone care about them), can only marvel at the technical aspects of the film.
It taises important questions about the relationship between honesty and kindness, and ends on a powerful note that asks whether there can ever be true mercy without, well, truth.
In the story's nooks and crannies are ideas to savor...the human-condition horrors of unpassable distances of space, time, and reconciliation.
Wright didn't just take a great book and turn it into a movie. He created visual poetry from beautiful prose.
There is a lot of yearning going on in Atonement, and not all of it is confined to the actors on the screen.
This is one of the year's best films, a certain best picture nominee.
The trailer for Atonement had me giddy with excitement I thought I was going to be in for a truly epic love story that spanned time, distance, war, betrayal, but what I got was this anemic, pretentious, non-epic turd.
Atonement's main strength is its flow, and its cinematic techniques are able to both bolster the flow and occasionally distract from it.
Positively demands a second viewing.
It is one of the rare British period literary adaptations that feels like a fresh and vital story instead of a museum piece
A handsome and good, but not great adaptation of Ian McEwan's best-selling, 2002 novel of the same name.
I'm sure it works on the page, but on screen, it gets clunky, especially in the epilogue, which hardly packs the intended emotional punch as a result.
Wright's direction and the highly literary adaption of Ian McEwan's award-winning novel by Christopher Hampton give this story an epic sweep.
The transition from imagined drama to reality grows tedious.
Champions of the novel who oppose the imbalanced adaptation will find no wrongdoing with the look of the film.
Wright has made a film that honors the imaginative responsibility of an adapter.
For the most part, the result is a smashing success, filled with great performances and exquisite production design.
The arc and resolution don't feel nearly as absorbing and devastating as McEwan's masterful novel.
Atonement is an almost classical example of how pointless, how diminishing, the transmutation of literature into film can be.
Now and then you find a period picture that affords this sort of rightness of scale and satisfaction.
Fortunately there's more to the film than epic romance. This really is Briony's tale and -- as embodied by [Saoirse] Ronan, [Romola] Garai and Vanessa Redgrave -- she becomes a captivating screen character.
An achingly poignant melodrama.
No sophomore slump for British punk wunderkind director Joe Wright...If anything, Atonement is even better, the tragedy of the story intensifying the romance, the novel's unique structure providing an uncommon literary twist
The film digs deeper and becomes more complex as it goes along, with a coda that delivers a powerful message: Art has the potential to heal and redeem. It'd be hard not to find Atonement pretty damn therapeutic.
Wright brings off enough scenes to leave us with moderately good feelings about the time spent, but he lacks the David Lean-like vision and flair that might have turned this 75-year epic of love, war and family betrayal into an unforgettable movie.
Screenwriter Christopher Hampton and director Joe Wright have smartly dramatized the book's wartime romance and tragedy.
Atonement is a sophisticated, gorgeous screen tragedy...a luxurious cinematic cake, furthering Wright's position as one of the more exciting young filmmakers out there today.
In the almost spookily capable hands of 34-year-old director Joe Wright, the film version of Atonement has achieved that to which every literary adaptation should aspire.
A mixed bag, but far better than Wright's muddled Pride & Prejudice and ultimately worth seeing.
With the Ian McEwan novel adaptation Atonement, it's obvious that Joe Wright -- who made his big-screen debut with 2005's deft, affecting version of Pride & Prejudice -- knows how to shepherd a novel to the screen.
Profundity is never achieved because the would-be encompassing love story at its center isn't given enough time to build and breathe.
Part highbrow British drawing-room drama, part gritty war film, all entertainment almost all the time, Atonement is a masterful study of both the hurtful and redemptive effects of imagination.
A sweeping epic in the non-annoying, non-boring kind of way.
An impeccable craftsman in the tradition of David Lean, Wright possesses the late director's considerable gifts for drawing out his actors.
Where McEwan whispers, Wright shouts.
A film of rare refinement and artistry...an impeccable adaptation.
Assuredly directed PBS type of arthouse film.
As close to perfection as mere mortals can aspire to.
Done-in by his own self-importance, Wright overwhelms the story's personal tragedy with extravagant depictions of his love triangle's different fates.
It's just exceptionally well-crafted.
Those who have read Ian McEwan's brilliant novel will feel a slight twinge of being cheated out of the epic they might have expected.
A lush indulgence...big, classy, Oscar-bait World War II dramas don't really get much better.
The film is gorgeous to look at, well paced (especially during the first half), and by turns touching and sad. The ending packs an emotional punch, which is what one would expect from any movie developed from a McEwan novel.
A literary drama about the incredible damage caused by lying and the power of the imagination to amend reality.
One of the most successful adaptations of a distinguished novel I have ever seen.
Atonement is everything a true lover of literature and movies could possibly hope for. It is unquestionably, without any reservations, my favorite film of the year.
It's still a great epic drama but it seems to have lost its heart somewhere along the way.
Belongs to the realm of theater--"Masterpiece Theater." A misdirected-letter movie? Really? In 2007?
No two-hour film could ever capture all the riches of McEwan's masterly novel. But Wright and Hampton's Atonement comes tantalizingly close, while adding sensual delights all its own.
I hardly believed a word of it.
The film is absorbing and evocative.
A majestic and intimate romance that should rightly cement the careers of director Joe Wright and leading man James McAvoy, and give Saoirse Ronan some much-deserved exposure.
[This] movie is abundantly attractive, every scene serenely composed, and every character so fair in love and war that, when the lights come up, it's too easy to say, ''That was good and sad and romantic and classy, now what's for dinner?''
It's some kind of miracle. Written, directed and acted to perfection, Atonement sweeps you up on waves of humor, heartbreak and ravishing romance.
The tragic, proud, vulnerable and empathetic Robbie is [McAvoy's] breakthrough role, proof that this is a leading man with a terrific future in movies.
McEwan's uncanny expression of the intangible has posed a challenge to those who've brought his novels and short stories to the screen, and Wright resorts to obvious cinematic shorthand to communicate Atonement's metaphysical ideas.
Cleansing by self atonement doesn't hack it, and the resolution provided is something far less than satisfying.
Beautifully photographed adaptation of a major British novel that illustrates the value of counting to 10--make that l,000--before doing anything rash.
Atonement is an intelligently, evocatively directed movie in every aspect...
Starry, sexy and unmistakably British, Atonement is the kind of film that comes along all too rarely.
A stunning, powerful sophomore effort from Joe Wright, likely to have as much impact on second viewing.
Chalk up another stunning achievement for Joe Wright, who must now be recognized as an auteur with few equals of his age and experience in world cinema.
What a clever, ambitious, compassionate picture it is; what a success for Joe Wright and for Knightley and McAvoy. It's a film which aims at big ideas, and it treats us like grownups.
...it's certainly worth noting that the movie packs a far more potent emotional punch than its literary forebearer.
A handful of brilliant performances makes Atonement worth seeing.
An early contender for the 2008 Oscars.
Atonement is an awesome achievement - I urge you to see it as soon as you can.
Knightley looks every inch a movie star, and the role won't do her career any harm. But it doesn't have the kind of range or depth that is normally required in an awardwinning performance.
Part costume drama, part war epic, Joe Wright's follow-up to Pride & Prejudice is above all a touching love story with a potent sexual charge. Some viewers may feel cheated by the ending, but fans of the novel won't be disappointed.
Keira Knightley and James McAvoy deliver the sort of performances that have got Oscar written all over them as the doomed lovers in director Joe Wright's sumptuous adaptation of Ian McEwan's dark novel.
An adaptation at least as good as the novel - complex, delicate and devastating. Gorgeous cinematography, a lilting score and near-faultless performances, under Wright's assured direction, make this the first contender for next year's Best Picture Oscar.
Atonement is one of the better made films of the year.
You win again, fancy British people.
The cinematography, editing and sound design are fully utilised to explore a compelling tale about memory, perception and the power of stories.
Impressively directed, beautifully photographed and superbly adapted drama with terrific performances from its cast.
There's much to admire about this adaptation of the Ian McEwan novel, enough that its occasional faltering can be easily forgiven.
Wright's worthy follow-up to Pride & Prejudice combines the novel's literary qualities with highly polished acting and production values, resulting in a classy tale of a doomed romance, with touching turns from Keira Knightley and James McAvoy.
A skilful directorial touch and a refreshingly smart script. And the acting is good enough to carry us through the slightly dull patches.
Rarely has a book sprung so vividly to life, but also worked so enthrallingly in pure movie terms.
The uncertainty of how events will unfold is riveting.
Atonement is a fully formed pleasure of a film that only really stumbles in its editing and its closing moments.
A noble, well-made, superbly performed and photographed (by Seamus McGarvey) semi-failure.




@highlight

Atonement features strong performances, brilliant cinematography, and a unique score. Featuring deft performances from James MacAvoy and Keira Knightley, it's a successful adaptation of Ian McEwan's novel.