Part sensual ghost story and part cautionary tale about profiteering from war, Ugetsu is a stunning film.
With rare humanity, Mizoguchi reveals the toll these misadventures take on the souls of both men and their wives, many moments an uncanny synthesis of the realistic and the otherworldly.
It is maybe even the most important of all war movies, despite showing not more than a few minutes of anything we might properly consider to be "combat".
Rarely, however, has its visual beauty been equaled.
In exploring the transience of happiness and the injustice of patriarchal society, Mizoguchi makes lyrical use of gliding long takes that reinforce his material and mystical themes. It's a work of sheer genius.
Mizoguchi's graceful, meditative camera style lends quiet intensity to the drama.
One of the masterpieces of Japanese and world cinema.
Tale of two men in seething 16th-century Japan has a color and panorama which makes this absorbing film fare.
A masterpiece of Japanese cinema.
A marvelously wise and moving classic, but also one full of sights that might make you cry, like Genjuro, 'I never imagined such pleasures existed!'
A ravishingly composed, evocatively beautiful film.
It lyrically fuses together the real and the supernatural worlds into a satisfying allegory, where both worlds seem to exist side by side.
Mizoguchi employs his trademark fluidity to brilliant effect.
Ugetsu, Kenji Mizoguchi's most widely heralded film, is a mysterious, incantory, and gorgeous parable.
Somehow Mizoguchi has made a film that is not the cruel, sadistic exercise which this description would make it seem.
One of the greatest of all films.
A masterpiece from Mizoguchi -- for its historical drama, its moving social and family themes and its marvellously moody ghost story.
Kenji Mizoguchi, who directed, has a fantastic flexibility in using his actors and his camera, as witness his range in this film.
This award-winning film is beautifully told; its visual and narrative constructs are rich in tones and subtleties.
This lyrical, enchanting film by Mizoguchi is one of Japanese cinema's greatest masterpieces.
Densely plotted but as emotionally subtle as its name, Ugetsu is one of the great experiences of cinema.





@highlight

With its thought-provoking themes, rich atmosphere, and brilliant direction, Kenji Mizoguchi's Ugetsu monogatari is a towering classic of world cinema.