I cannot emphasize enough how well-acted and gripping this film is. It may be marketed as a horror film, but it has the pacing and emotional intensity of a thriller.
The film is at its most chilling, though, when considering the possibility for cruelty that is created when powerful emotions (grief, guilt) are coupled with devout belief.
It all makes for interesting, and even terrifying, viewing at times. But it's not very smart and far too predictable.
A bad 12 minutes before the credits is all it takes to undo the goodwill generated by a generally sturdy 74 minutes preceding.
The Last Exorcism is completely boring, devoid of any scares, tension or unease and has one of the worst endings ever. Avoid at all costs.
It's disappointing--if not exactly surprising--when at the halfway point the film turns into THE LINDA BLAIR WITCH PROJECT.
A fairly absorbing pseudo-documentary demonic-possession flick with all the bodily contortions and jittery camerawork you'd expect.
Even if you take "The Last Exorcism" on its own terms, you're going to be in for quite an uneventful movie.
Its mature focus on characterization really sets the film apart.
The seams are obvious in this faux documentary, but the thrills are fairly genuine.
If you make a film about exorcism, you better be ready to be compared to one of the best films ever made. Surprisingly, the film holds its own in that regard.
Does a great job of sustaining tension by distracting you with (get this) interesting characters and a novel approach.
...ultimately fares a whole lot better in its first half than in its second...
The Last Exorcism is a tasty slice of religious themed exploitation of little innovation, yet with plenty of thrills.
Unfortunately the predictable and unoriginal finale undermines the overall impact.
If you're not too found-footaged out after two Paranormal Activities in the past year, The Last Exorcism is sure to be good for a bad, shaky-cam fright or three.
The Last Exorcism is a rare reminder that the genre label "horror" derives from the word horrifying, not horrible.
A perfectly acceptable, rather low key addition to the horror-mockumentary genre, following a fraudulent Pastor who's decided to allow a camera crew to film one last job extracting the devil from an innocent girl.
Unfortunately, at about the half-way point, the brittle mood so carefully created by the single-camera coverage is broken by multi-camera editing and the overlaying of creepy music, just like in standard horror fare.
The viewer is placed squarely in the position of anonymous documentarian in this charmingly comic, ably performed, surprisingly sincere and often chilling first-person funhouse of a film.
The climax owes a debt to a seminal 1960s horror film which it would be unfair to name -- suffice it to say the comparison doesn't do The Last Exorcism any favours.
The conceit of the premise is entirely plausible and there is enough character establishment in the preparatory scenes to build engagement on a deeper level.What's more, it has something of a twist at the end
full review at Movies for the Masses
More than a decade after The Blair Witch project turned the mock-doc format into a horror cliche, this low-tech horror show uses it to chilling effect in this story of cynicism vs. things that go bump in the night.
The denouement is a letdown, but the faux-documentary premise brings a fresh twist to a tired horror subgenre.
At last, a possession movie for lapsed horror acolytes to believe in.
Slow-burning and well acted it's intriguing without being especially terrifying...
"The Last Exorcism" Starts Out as a Sharp Religious Satire But Kind of Forgets That When Angling for "Paranormal Activity" Scares.
A spare demonic possession drama that wrings plenty of spooky and often amusing engagement out of its set-up, but is crucially undone by editorial choices which betray its mock-doc framework.
the devil remains in the details as to whether this ends up being just another film about satanic goings-on, or a work of multi-layered charlatanism designed to give us, in return for our money, precisely the cathartic treatment that we desire.
Oh come on now...this is garbage.
Exorcism Genuinely Frightening Despite Ending
Yet another Blair Witch wannabe, The Last Exorcism sets up a relationship between on-screen speakers and "you," addressed as such.
Any film that forges as unruly a connection as this one does with its audience deserves some applause, especially when the film belongs to a genre where all too many of its peers come across as rote or as thoughtlessly, remorselessly heartless.
It's quite refreshing to see a horror movie with high-quality performances like Patrick Fabian and Ashley Bell deliver here.
The only thing finally astonishing about The Last Exorcism is its goofiness.
A clever, small film that depicts showman-preachers and horror movies with a wink and nod, The Last Exorcism spends most of its 88 minutes staying a cut above the average horror flick.
A few good scenes, and a decent performance by Fabian, but standard hokum for the most part.
When I left the theater, I was exhausted and freaked out and totally bejeezus-less.
The characters are better than in any of the other pseudo-documentary films.
Stamm effectively crafts a dozen or so marvellously creepy moments. Audience faith in the existence of decent horror films is reaffirmed.
Another cheap horror film dressed up like a documentary.
Draws on The Blair Witch Project and The Exorcist to supremely creepy effect.
Ultimately comes across as a bizarre coupling of This is Spinal Tap and Rosemary's Baby.
The latest entry in the pseudo-documentary horror film sweepstakes, The Last Exorcism has its terrifying moments and its silly ones.
the proliferation of similarly framed horror movies makes this one feel all the more derivative and overly familiar
Something that helps distinguish The Last Exorcism is the care with which it sets out its stall.
The direction and performances are solid enough to hold the attention right up to the maddeningly mishandled ending.
The method is well-worn and the subject-matter familiar, but this is a smart, scary little picture.
The credibility of faux-documentary filmmaking relies on clear plotting and convincing, semi-improvised acting.
The opening 20 minutes offer a brilliant insight into the world of an evangelical minister who is being filmed for a documentary.
Anyone with a decent knowledge of horror flicks will surely recoil in terror at how terribly several masterpieces of the genre have been shamelessly ripped off.
Very much an Exorcist for our times.
What follows is a masterclass in merciless, gut-twisting terror. But The Last Exorcism also knows when to hold back.
The finale may come out of nowhere -- you probably won't see it coming -- but this can (un) happily join The Blair Witch Project and Paranormal Activity as superior horror.
Neither as good as I'd hoped, nor as bad I'd feared -- nor as unintentionally funny as the trailer -- The Last Exorcism is a pretty good little horror picture.
Satan stalks the bible belt, as the occult locks horns so to speak, with free lance forensics, family dysfunction, and more sociopathic urges. And a not too hip Lucifer who thinks he's offering a doubting demon buster man of the cloth a 'blowing job.'
Brilliantly directed, superbly written and genuinely scary, this is a hugely enjoyable horror flick with a terrific, star-making central performance from Patrick Fabian.
Eli Roth-produced frighter looks neat, but that's it
These are very assured strides into the mainstream from director Daniel Stamm, and he's certainly guaranteed himself a few enticing offers when the time for his next film comes around.
Despite some solid acting from Fabian and Bell the convoluted plot becomes silly and predictable at the end.
(The film) is at its best when it poses as many practical as theological explanations...thought-provoking and intense until the over-the-top, Blair Witch-y finale.
Hardcore gore-hounds will be disappointed by the lack of flashy special effects, but The Last Exorcism is more concerned with psychological chills and succeeds admirably in evoking them.
A textbook example of fumbling the ball on the goal line.
Then it comes, the make-or-break ending that had a theater full of teenagers on a Saturday night commenting on its stupidity. I joined them in spirit.
...precisely the sort of disposable trash horror film that we've come to expect at the end of the summer...
A mockumentary with a Blair Witch Project-like shaky hand-held camera.
Superior storytelling mixed with masterful misdirection. The devil is (quite literally) in the details.
a thoroughly enjoyable thrill ride, enough to keep you scared when you go home and try to go asleep with all the lights out and the house going bump in the night
Daniel Stamm's The Last Exorcism is one of the most interesting and accomplished horror debuts of the last few years.
Horror flick fans will struggle with the preacher, a camera guy and the producer sticking around as the possession gets more frightening and more violent. But that's horror.
A nice little late-summer surprise, a horror film with a shred of intelligence and uncommonly good performances.
The Last Exorcism takes the best elements from 'The Exorcist' and 'The Blair Witch Project,' but the ending is scary for all the wrong reasons.
A truly horrifying film that doesn't leave you with a pit in your stomach, but a smile on your face. It's scary, funny, entertaining and a great way to close out the summer.
Riddled with poor lighting, inappropriate use of music, and a plot you could fit in a tea cup, "The Last Exorcism" has all the appeal of a glorified, but poorly shot, student film.
Though sharply uneven and marred by a compromised ending, this cheaply-made horror flick still manages to be creepy for half of its time and provocative in its ideas about religion, faith, and the very medium of film.
The prospect of journeying to Hell and back seems less daunting than sitting through another horror yarn made in the faux-documentary style of The Blair Witch Project, but The Last Exorcism proves to be a pleasant surprise.
the terror it evokes is of such a primal nature, that it is not easily thrown off, burrowing relentlessly into the very marrow on one's bones, and into the deepest, darkest part of one's psyche
[A]bsolutely worth seeing... if only for the intriguing debate to be had afterward, if it wouldn't be an even stronger film were the last five minutes or so to be chopped off.
Although the ramshackle closing moments leave something to be desired, overall The Last Exorcism has done a decent job of creating tension without becoming too telegraphed.
Is "The Last Exorcism" this generation's version of "The Exorcist"? No, it comes across more like an unholy hybrid of "The Blair Witch Project" and "The Exorcism of Emily Rose."
A creepy, smartly written and very entertaining low-budget chiller.
All goodwill is erased in a heartbeat, and if just thinking about those last images wasn't making me laugh I'd probably be furious at the filmmakers for destroying what was until the climax a pretty darn great example of B-grade horror.
It pulled the rug out from under me. I left surprised and smiling.
Resorts to a clichéd and over-the-top ending that negates all of the effective ambiguity that made the middle third of the film so nail-bitingly tense.
I really liked The Last Exorcism. Surprised the heck out of me.
A worthy addition to the horror climate.
The movie loses points for being one of the later examples of a now-familiar genre, but it does have a highly charismatic flawed hero in Fabian's Cotton Marcus.
For the most part, The Last Exorcism is an unconventional and fairly satisfying horror film.
The Last Exorcism is as much a mystery about our faith in religion (and movies) as it is trying to make us squirm in our seats.
The movie loses points for being one of the later examples of a now-familiar genre, but it does have a highly engaging and charismatic flawed hero, as well as a fine performance by television actor Patrick Fabian.
The Last Exorcism refuses to conform to expectations by remaining ambiguous about the exact nature of the horror at hand instead of plunging straight into FX-laden freakiness.
An unusually restrained and genuinely eerie little movie perched at the intersection of faith, folklore and female puberty.
The film is like enjoying a beautifully tender filet mignon where every bite is delicious. But, at the end you find a disgusting fungus-filled toe nail on the plate.
It's fun and it will have you jumping out of your underpants.
Stamm creates an anxious psychological horror that's vaguely familiar yet refreshingly original.
The Last Exorcism is fueled by the arrogance of its smarmy outsider, the expert who knows everything except what an ass he is.
The pseudo-documentary premise is paper-thin at the outset and wears out long before Botko and Gurland's script lurches toward the dumbest and least plausible solution to the mystery.
This is the rare horror film that would have been entertaining even if nothing scary happened.
For the first three quarters of its running time, The Last Exorcism positively purred and then, as it rounded the final lap, the film completely ruined any good feelings I had for it with a diabolically stupid ending.
A decently constructed little horror pic that had me constantly amused and entertained throughout, be that from regular and haunted house type laughs and scares. (Parental Review also Available)
A tense and generally understated chiller that might creep you right the hell out.
It's human-scaled horror, which is rare enough these days, and enough of it works that The Last Exorcism lingers long after the debate about what is or isn't "real" wraps up.
Suspenseful, surprising, somewhat terrifying and clever despite its rushed, lazy conclusion.
Horror movies these days are so often frivolous -- formulaic larks calculated to provide mechanical thrills. Here's one that delivers an experience.
But producer Eli Roth's The Last Exorcism doesn't reconcile the real identity crisis: a script that can't stop making jokes, undermining the scary stuff with too many giggles and not enough shrieks.
The scenes of Nell's possession have been done before, but it hardly matters in light of the attention to character in The Last Exorcism.
Fabian never makes a false move. Neither does Stamm, who understands that what's left off-screen is often more terrifying than what's on it.
The finale is where the biggest problems come in, but director Daniel Stamm is fully capable of ratcheting up a sense of eerie disquiet and mounting tension.
The Last Exorcism's cynical take on faith is worse than pandering, it's ineffective.
'The Exorcist' meets 'The Blair Witch Project' and gives birth to 'Rosemary's Baby'...a cheesy horror movie in the now commonplace verite style that manages a few easy jolts but overall isn't very scary.
It never loses sight of its characters and making sure that the audience remains invested in them through all the hell that follows.
Mostly good fun if only for the sentiment expressed by a colleague and shared by a big contingent of horror fans: "I'm always up for a nice exorcism movie."
I like that director Daniel Stamm tries to con me with faux supernatural realism in the same way Cotton tries to con the girl he's "exorcising."
A man very much of these times, Cotton is that rarity in the horror genre: a genuinely intriguing character.
The Last Exorcism stirs up a caldron of handheld-camera technique, faith-challenged drama and solid acting for a suitably squirmy tale of demonic possession.
It's easy to sum up what's wrong with The Last Exorcism -- nothing happens
Satan gets behind The Last Exorcism in a fiendishly clever plot that starts out creepily enthralling, then collapses in a heap.
The Last Exorcism pulls off its sweetly scary magic trick with great style and panache.
An ill-considered, laughably dumb coda sequence only compounds Exorcism's numerous problems.
It's like director Daniel Stamm and his crew realized they were treading awfully close to making a film with real depth and edge that horror audiences might hate, and they just couldn't pull the trigger.
While Daniel Stamm doesn't reinvent the form with the low-budget pseudo-doc The Last Exorcism, he exploits it well.
At my tent revival, I'll pray The Last Exorcism goes platinum.
Suspense is nil, phoniness abounds...
In its eagerness to deliver familiar genre pleasures, it somehow misplaces its soul.
That this comes via minimal special effects is admirable, but the movie also cheats a bit: Tinkly piano music is layered onto the spooky moments, which kills the faux-doc "realism.
Every generation gets the devil it deserves, and this faux documentary pulls few punches in its nihilistic depiction of religious belief vs. religious disbelief.
A lean and witty variation on the documentary-gone-wrong theme.
It's difficult to find an ending for horror movies. Often the getting there is the fun. That's especially true here.
If you ignore the marketing, this is actually a clever and creepy (if ultimately pointless) little thriller possessed by the soul of a horror movie.
It's not just the hand-held camera that will shake you up. The Last Exorcism gives you good reason to be very afraid of the dark.
The cast is effective, with everyone sliding believably into their roles.
The purity of the docu conceit falls apart thanks to the intrusion of a spooky score and deliberately eerie camera shots.
Doesn't know how to integrate its sillier supernatural elements into the realistic format.
A horror film for the Christian fundamentalist set, The Last Exorcism employs the aesthetic of The Blair Witch Project for a musty demonic-possession tale that promotes strict, anti-modern doctrinal faith as the most righteous path.
Boasts a steadier camera, a smarter screenplay and a more fascinating lead performance than [The Blair Witch Project had].
Why should I care if no effort or skill is used to generate sympathy for the film's characters or make us identify with them. "The Last Exorcism" is a film without a heart.
The Last Exorcism is one of the scariest movies to come along in a long time -- until the last five minutes or so, when it completely falls apart.
A muddled pass at realism, with scoring cues helping to goose the suspense, a cast of established actors indicating up a storm when they sense the camera is locked on them, and a general cheating of angles to capture the dark magic.
Demons and rednecks form a terrifying tag-team in this creepy 'Exorcist'/'Blair Witch Project' mash-up.
The more hellish the story gets, the sillier and less involving the movie becomes.
Director Daniel Stamm and his screenwriters studiously keep a lid on the proceedings, only letting short puffs of steam escape as the tension mounts.
It's about the dark side of piety -- the cultish wrath that can emerge out of the high and the mighty. At the center of it all, once again, is a teenage girl's gnashing wrath.
A modestly chilling, drawn out affair in which the characters and possible "scientific explanations" are more interesting than its predictable final destination.
Creepy, disturbing fun... and very surprising in the way it handles the subject matter differently than how it's been handled in the past.
Sturdy entry in the ever growing horror mockumentary genre ... benefits from better acting and more clever ideas than usual in the typically one-note films.
A smart horror film will fatten its pigs before the slaughter, and the mock doc The Last Exorcism feeds its prize hog nicely.
With a small, well-chosen cast, sly script, and slippery, ambivalent characters, The Last Exorcism gives a welcome titty-twist to the demonic-possession movie revival.
As taut and economical a horror film as I've seen in a long time...a gripping little movie that will give you the willies.
The best thing about this film is the way it continually subverts our expectations.
Self-possessed performances elevate this creepy but half-cocked faux-doc.
Satan stalks the bible belt, as the occult locks horns so to speak, with free lance forensics, family dysfunction, and more sociopathic urges. And a not too hip Lucifer who thinks he's offering a doubting demon buster man of the cloth a 'blowing job.'
Doesn't need any viral campaign. It's a good movie.
It's hard to be frightened by something when you're too busy laughing at it.
The Last Exorcism makes first-rate use of religious doubt and religious extremism to concoct a novel horror-thriller clever enough to seduce unbelievers while satisfying the bloodlust of its congregation/fanbase.


@highlight

It doesn't fully deliver on the chilly promise of its Blair Witch -style premise, but The Last Exorcism offers a surprising number of clever thrills.