It's an entertaining documentary, as well as a very sobering one.
I am sorry to see Morgan Neville and Robert Gordon's Best of Enemies being hailed for remembering a golden age when intellectuals fought out profound issues in public.
Morgan Neville and Robert Gordon's documentary gives us a fascinating glimpse into these famous debates and their historical context.
We may not be able to have our style and substance when it comes to TV debates, but with its glamorous late-1960s backdrop and sure-footed analysis, this documentary sure can.
Once Best of Enemies revs to full speed, using debate footage and allowing the adversaries to speak for themselves... , the documentary becomes exceptionally interesting.
Anyone interested in political debate and the state of modern television will find Best of Enemies most engrossing.
Its goal is primarily to entertain its audience by presenting a chewy compendium of the snittiest sound bites.
Almost obscenely entertaining.
If even these two witty, well-educated, well-mannered men of letters couldn't keep their on-air interactions from degenerating into cheap shots and name-calling, who could?
As Christopher Hitchens puts it, "There's nothing feigned about their mutual animosity. They really do despise each other."
Simultaneously documenting the on-and-off air sparring matches for audiences too young to remember them, but also chart their place in the history of modern political discourse make this a nourishing and entertaining documentary.
As this sharp, exciting film contends, many unpredictable genies smashed free of their bottles in 1968.
The verbal dexterity of both men is breathtaking to behold as archival footage shows them deploying elaborate syntactical jujitsu to counter and undermine one another's arguments.
This doc about the 10-night series, directed by Robert Gordon and Morgan Neville (who won an Oscar last year for Twenty Feet From Stardom), provides an entertaining and, ultimately, depressing peek into TV at a pivotal moment.
The story of how television, and much else, was changed forever.
Engrossing documentary.
Fair-minded and thoughtful, this documentary lets viewers witness the rise of political punditry.
This is a documentary that hums, that flows, that never fails to entertain.
Entertaining look at two gigantic egos in conflict on national television -- and of historical significance as the birth of the political TV pundit.
Reminds us how thrilling and provocative an intelligent debate can be.
Sadly, for a film at least partially about the impact of evening news and political coverage, little importance is given to the actual political content as compared to the results.
A riveting look at a TV revolution.
... more measured and less fun than the encounters between Buckley and Vidal. That's not the film's fault -- the live events were charged with a suspenseful energy, the sense that real violence could break out at any moment ...
An often spell-binding account of the culture-changing television debates that took place in 1968 between conservative William F Buckley Jr and liberal Gore Vidal...Compulsive viewing.
[A] colorful and entertaining a portrait of that moment -- and the fascinating personalities who created it.
A smart, engrossing documentary about a political and media moment in the United States in the 1960s; a moment whose resonance is topical and whose reverberations have been enduring.
The film revolves around the famous feud between political pundits Gore Vidal and William F. Buckley Jr. It feeds our urge to be flies on the wall in the midst of such a fight. And it sheds light on why we all share that dark desire.
Best of Enemies is a spellbinding story, a poignant tale of foibles among greatness, and a vivid portrait of events that were like the year they occurred -- a stark line between what was, and what thereafter would be.
Neville and Gordon do especially well to capture the emotional gravity of the political situation and demand the audience's attention.
The filmmakers argue persuasively, with some oversimplification, that the prolonged joust was a final watershed of public debate and a harbinger of what we'd get in its place: paid pundits, usually wrong, screaming at each other.
Best of Enemies, like most documentaries, generally feels as though it'd be more at home within a much shorter running time, and yet there's no denying that the movie provides an eye-opening look at two intensely compelling (and competitive) figures.
Works so well because the filmmakers understand that the personalities at the center of the fray should anchor things.
From a modern vantage point, the level of their conversation is astonishingly high -- at least until it degenerated. But then, that degeneration has its share of fascinations too.
It goes down easy enough, and in this day and age, waiting until the end credits to include the obligatory Jon Stewart clip classifies as restraint.
What followed [in the debates] was not so much a clash of well-articulated ideas as a clash of highly articulate persons who regarded ideas as ammunition.
The details of what went down are fascinating, but the ultimate focus of Best of Enemies is television and this demonstration that it can be both eminently viewable and illuminating.
It worked because both participants knew how to produce witty remarks on cue ...
Between the hyperbole and fudged history, the directors deliver a rather insightful, evenhanded profile of two know-it-alls who never knew when to shut up.
Smart, insightful, thought-provoking and wildly entertaining.
"Best of Enemies" makes a strong case that the Vidal-Buckley debates were a sort of gateway drug that led to our insatiable craving for the sort of all-heat, no-light exchanges that form the backbone of today's 24-hour cable news universe.
Did anyone win? Most say Vidal, since Buckley descended to physical threats. But really, has anyone won in any of this endless bickering?
There is something about the siren call of the TV camera that can turn even big thinkers into brawlers. It was true then and it's true now, and "Best of Enemies" serves as a thoroughly enjoyable reminder.
For better or for worse, we'll never again see television quite like that documented in the compelling "Best of Enemies" ...
Like its two subjects, "Best of Enemies" is lively and smart. Unlike them, it's even-handed.
Best of Enemies offers a bracing view of a pivotal time in our recent history, as Vietnam and race riots scarred a nation's soul, and as the Establishment and the Counter Culture exchanged epithets and blows.
The high point of the debate was...never mind. See "Best of Enemies," and find out for yourself.
Spending 90 minutes with two insufferably arrogant men isn't an easy recommendation to make, but "Best of Enemies" is generally quite successful identifying the remarkable nature of the debates.
New documentary explores the public intellectuals' televised spats.
"Best of Enemies" is one of the most interesting and revelatory documentaries in years. It blows last year's Oscar winner, "Citizenfour" out of the water.
"Best of Enemies" is a riveting, often quite funny, viewing experience --- in black and white, no less.
Our ability to speak the same language has long been fractured, and Best of Enemies tracks the faultlines of that social temblor with remarkable precision.
Television stops imitating life and becomes it in the first reality show of all time.
It's great television, but it has been available on YouTube for some time now.
Best of Enemies' detached, sportish depiction of their feud only explores their influence in the shallowest manner.
Like the debates it concerns, Best of Enemies entertains to a degree, enlightens to another, and asks us to ponder the relative merits of polar political ideologies and two complicated men who very publicly represented them.
One of the gifts of Neville and Gordon's [doc] is that you don't need a completist history of the pair and their politics: the electrifying spectacle's up on the screen for all to see. The assured editing is by Chicago's own Aaron Wickenden.
Vidal vs. Buckley-or, as I prefer to think of it, Alien vs. Predator-has not improved with age. Which combatant you cleave to is beside the point, since both of them teeter on the brink of the insufferable.
Cowriter/directors Robert Gordon and Morgan Neville show how to take one notorious flashpoint lasting less than 30 seconds from a debate of almost 14 minutes and spiral outwards to build a compelling story.
Best of Enemies leaves you with an overwhelming sense of despair. It's not just a great documentary, it's a vital one.
Engaging, but I wish the film...went more into (Vidal's & Buckley's) personal upbringings to better understand what made them tick.
Best Of Enemies does a good job of framing the ten debates with modern talking-head interviews... in their socio-economic context while relating it to ours.
Best of Enemies plays not only as a lively document of an engaging - and insanely entertaining - intellectual rivalry, but as a lament for the very idea of the public intellectual in contemporary life.
The film positions those debates as a harbinger of the ideological sword-crossing that has become a staple of TV news. Except what we have now, as opposed to the Vidal-Buckley confrontations, is a lot more yammery than eloquent.
Best of Enemies bowls along smartly, with clips from the tapes spiced with intelligently snarky asides from friends and adversaries of the two men, and spliced with archival footage of the tumultuous times they addressed.
A timely but unsatisfying exploration of a series of exchanges between conservative Buckley and liberal Vidal makes its case too little and too late.
It's just as equally entertaining and provocative as Vidal and Buckley's debates.
...[not] a celebration of intellectual combat, it's an original-sin tale for where TV news went wrong.
"Best of Enemies" is an undisciplined but still interesting look at those two men, and their extraordinary feud.
"The Best of Enemies" provides a rich, extraordinarily fascinating account that's sure to have many viewers' minds constantly shuttling between then and now ...
Fleet, brutally funny and ultimately mournful for the lost art of informed public intellectuals brandishing wounding insights, the film is a fizzy bath of expertly organized archival footage and commentary ...
As an introduction to a pivotal moment in how the media frames politics, it's essential stuff: this is the moment when pundit culture was born.
The arguments about sex, war, race and culture have hardly quieted since 1968. Buckley and Vidal may rest in peace, but the rest of us have stayed plastered.
The idea may not seem so radical, in this day and age of reality TV excess and internet outrage: giving a national broadcast forum to two highly opinionated intellectuals to argue about politics.
Best of Enemies is, in the truest sense, a delicious entertainment of real-life deep-seeded resentments perfect for any size screen.
A must-view film for our media-besotted age ...
This deliciously feisty doc contextualizes their verbal brawls and the odd love-hate (mostly hate) rivalry between two men who seemed able to regard their own sense of heroism only through the other's villainy.
Not only does this riveting documentary skillfully portray the debates, it also deftly examines how the debates affected Vidal's and Buckley's personal lives and the future of political discourse in general.
This account of the incendiary debates between William F. Buckley and Gore Vidal during the 1968 Republican and Democratic Conventions recalls a time long gone.
The doc's centerpiece - the series of debates, which escalated as the protests outside did the same - is giggly stuff. But it's the postscript that takes it to another level.
The fascination and tragedy of Best Of Enemies is that these two great minds squandered what might've been their best chance to show the broadcast media how to have a vigorous, entertaining, useful argument about where the country was headed.
"Best of Enemies" illustrates how even literary swashbucklers can be reduced to schoolboy behavior.
A must-see account of the birth of passionate, television punditry.
The bruises inflicted that summer are now visible daily on so many channels, but they're often inflicted by combatants who are far less mighty.
It's fascinating. It's horrible. It's fascinatingly horrible.
A must-see for anyone seriously interested in our political history and the current 'culture wars' afflicting our nation.
Builds to a stunning final confrontation that changed the lives of both men.
A fascinating, hugely enjoyable essay on media history - and on intellectual vanity.
Witty, nasty and laugh-out-loud hilarious
Morgan Neville and Robert Gordon's gripping doc is structured like a boxing movie, but in this case the pugilists are intellectual heavyweights
A brilliant, hilarious, exhilarating look at the Gore Vidal v. William F. Buckley paradigm-busting 1968 debates that changed TV journalism for the worse.
Politics: this time it's personal.
Some may argue outside events - antiwar protests, civil unrest - are pushed to the background, but this is a documentary about hugely erudite, larger-than-life personalities.
Best of Enemies tell the story behind the gripping and often howlingly funny Sixties television debates between two American intellectuals: William Buckley Jr. and Gore Vidal.
Outstanding account of a pivotal moment in small-screen history.
These debates are a fascinating, lost minuet of personal and political disdain.
A documentary about the exchanges that started the trend of shouting matches passing themselves off as political talk.
A fascinating, supremely well-judged and unexpectedly touching documentary.
Watching the modern day clips, you keenly feel the loss of both Vidal and Buckley, although this riveting, impressively crafted and thought-provoking film at least provides a fitting tribute.
It's a first-class primer on how political news commentary had its true start. Long before it became something to ridicule on Comedy Central.
Unfolding over the course of a month, these debates were a game-changing event in American politics and unscripted television, which left both men continuing to trade barbs for decades.
There is great pathos and tragedy in both men's lives, and as much humor as there is in the film, it is underlined with a sadness.
Terrific archival clips of the debates, spot-on talking head commentaries from familiar well-loved, far cooler urbane heads from Jack Paar and Dick Cavett to Christopher Hitchens. What a fun ride!
Reminiscent of When We Were Kings, Neville and Gordon set up the prize fight and then let the two intellectual heavyweights deliver the blows.
By engaging celebrity worship rather than using these figures for deeper claims about media-dominated information cultures, Morgan and Neville reinforce to the very circumstances they outwardly condemn.
For American viewers of an intellectual/historical persuasion, there could scarcely be any documentary more enticing, scintillating and downright fascinating than Best of Enemies.
A juicy and thrilling documentary about two intellectual titans who truly loathed one another.
The two men made serious policy discussions wickedly entertaining and decidedly personal, and Neville and Gordon knew that they had a gold mine in the debate footage that is the centerpiece of their movie.
It's a fascinating tale that's exhilarating and engaging, an entirely fitting and vital showcase for the film's iconoclastic subjects.
By drilling down into these two men and their conflict, Best of Enemies ends up having a lot to say about how we talk about politics and how we relate to -- and hate -- each other.
[A] delightful account of the infamous televised debates between liberal firebrand Gore Vidal and conservative gadfly William F. Buckley, Jr., during the 1968 Republican and Democratic Conventions.
Best of Enemies is effective as both a chronicle of a fraught era in American history and an origin story of the modern state of American televised news journalism.
Almost as smart, funny and vicious as Buckley and Vidal themselves.
The on-camera clashes between William F. Buckley Jr. and Gore Vidal are vividly and entertainingly recounted in this fascinating documentary.

@highlight

Smart, fascinating, and funny, Best of Enemies takes a penetrating -- and wildly entertaining -- look back at the dawn of pundit politics.