If less neatly realized than Nine Queens, The Aura is the more ambitious film. It is all the more haunting for suggesting narrative possibilities that Bielinsky was just beginning to explore.
Tense and twisty, this is what thrillers should be about.
I have to admit I was more than intrigued by a film featuring an epileptic taxidermist with a photographic memory who fancies that he can commit the perfect crime.
It's intriguing and absorbing, this thriller about a lonely taxidermist caught up in a shooting accident, a case of mistaken identity and a heist.
This character-heavy crime thriller from Argentina occasionally gets off track, straying into territory that has little to do with the main story line. But they are interesting digressions, and it's sort of nice to have a movie that's so unpredictable.
A startling psychological drama with plenty of unexpected twists, a worthy follow-up [to] Fabian Bielinsky['s] riveting debut Nine Queens.
A fuzzy attempt at significance that seems as aimlessly lost in the woods as its heist-plotting characters.
A delight to look at, and full of both beautiful music and beautiful silences.
With "The Aura," his final picture, the director adopts a moody atmosphere to convey an original heist thriller set in the mysterious Patagonian forests.
It's less a deconstruction of the heist film than an ambitious contemplation of our fascination with the genre...
The movie is cause for both rejoicing and despair. The good news it's an absorbing, intelligent film. The bad is that there will be no more from the gifted [late director] Bielinsky.
It's tough to get behind a character who doesn't even seem to care about himself.
Visually, the film is almost perfect, with a weird, expressionistic sensibility considerably more sophisticated than the low-fi street shooting of Nine Queens, while the imaginative piano score trickles between pastoral harmony and primal discord.
A haunting character-study-cum-crime thriller that marks the maturation of a significant filmmaking talent.
The flavor is a decidedly mournful one, unusual to find in a crime thriller, but adding layers of rich atmosphere and psychological depth to a familiar but nerve-wracking genre tale.
The Aura is richer and less showy than Nine Queens, and it lifts off from the gangster genre to contemplate deeper mysteries. Reminiscent of Antonioni's The Passenger in its obsession with fate and choice.
A somber mood of bleak lives is enhanced by muted colors. The many unusual aspects keep The Aura continually intriguing.
Bielinsky also is a most expressive director, achieving considerable nuances and depths of emotion with characters' looks, gestures, body language and silences.
Bielinsky does a remarkable job of both revealing and withholding information, so that, even after 134 minutes, the film never drags.
In the end, the film's bigger challenge isn't its length, or its deliberate pace: It's that it's overly freighted with symbolism and meaning.
A psychological thriller about a wannabe gangster who ends up with overwhelming regret after becoming enveloped in a whirlwind of terror.
Argentinian writer/ director Fabian Bielinksy (Nine Queens) creates a character with an intriguing set of traits that inspire an equally intriguing plot.
The moody ambience suggests noir writers David Goodis and Jim Thompson...
A top-notch heist thriller set in Patagonian forests and southern Argentine cities, a film full of dark, moody atmosphere and richly imagined, indelibly etched characters.
Infused with a whiff of the outsider's stale regret.
This is a start-to finish thriller that delves into a different world than the usual heist drama
The voyeuristic focus and camera acrobatics may remind you of Hitchcock, but The Aura is also highly original.
(...) Difícil recordar un thriller con tan poco diálogo, en el que los silencios y las contemplaciones sean mucho más importantes que los enunciados de los personajes.
The Aura is a reflection upon the thriller genre rather than an actual thriller itself.
... sublime psychological thriller ...
Whereas Nine Queens was a movie of clockwork precision and blindsiding reversals, El Aura is more internalized and digressive but no less striking, in large part thanks to Darin's mesmerizing performance.
The Aura works as a thriller, but it's also a character study of a man with nothing to lose. Even at more than two hours, it never relaxes its grip.
The heart-attack death last year of Fabiàn Bielinsky ... makes the posthumous release of The Aura, his mysterious drama about an Argentinean epileptic taxidermist caught up in a vivid crime, that much more poignant.
The movie's mood is haunting, and its central image of a man able to shed his morality as easily as an old raincoat hints at a filmmaker who had deeper concerns than mere thrills.
The Aura holds together as a dreamy variation on Reservoir Dogs' heist-gone-wrong fatalism and the know-thyself confrontations of David Mamet's Homicide.
... this intricately plotted mystery ventures into darker psychological territory and never misses a step.
Once the story is fully engaged, the suspense never lets up ...
The world of The Aura is, quite obviously, a heightened and stylized version of reality, but its governing emotions of dread, suspicion and moral confusion are bracingly real.
... a tightly constructed thriller ...
The film's taciturn observer, played by Ricardo Darin (the strutting con man of Nine Queens), delivers perhaps the most inward performance of the year.
gives off scents of melancholy and dread that are rarely seen in heist films
[The Aura] might be the most original new thriller I've seen since Memento.
A hypnotic journey into the head of an epileptic taxidermist with a photographic memory.
With The Aura, Fabián Bielinsky replaces Nine Queens' flashy Mamet-esque posturing with downbeat Melville/Antonioni noir existentialism.
There's lots of suspense here, and the ending is actually perversely satisfying.



@highlight

The Aura is a highly original and cerebral thriller that maintains its suspense from start to finish.