This is pulpy, unforgivable stuff, as ungainly as Ryan's walk in her black high heels.
Uninspired tale feels like a made-for-TV movie.
An inoffensively average, formulaic entertainment with a marketing-problematic point of view.
It's hard to expect anyone to infuse much passion into a "by-the-numbers" boxing movie which telegraphs every punch.
Against the Ropes may not deliver a knock-out, but it does land some pretty good blows.
It's one thing to make a predictable Hollywood movie. It's another thing to make a predictable Hollywood movie based on a fascinating life.
What could have been a gripping tale becomes hammy and overdone.
Meg Ryan is busily torpedoing any respect she might have accrued
This movie lacks any complexity. Dutton opts instead to embellish the story with boxing clichés.
Ryan's Kallen is painfully two-dimensional.
Mediocre, cliché-ridden but passable entertainment that completely falls apart in the third act.
Complicated by the ways that race, masculinity, and media shape expectations and possibilities in the boxing world.
It's an insanely ponderous and almost insulting sequence, stopping the movie cold and forcing the viewer to scratch their head in utter disbelief.
The film isn't good enough for the full price.
What the audience ends up with is a watered down whitewash of Kallen's life story.
A miscast Ryan struggles with a Detroit accent and a script that goes nowhere.
Ryan seems to be having fun, at least: she speaks with a breathy working-class accent that's part Lauren Bacall, part Teamster.
What could have been a Working Girl hoot gets mired in redundant assertions of Kallen's feistiness.
Against the Ropes ... is "inspired" by Kallen's life but ultimately has as much to do with her story as Schindler's List did with the War of 1812.
An awfully contrived and awkward "true-life" drama, film tries desperately to be a crowd-pleaser without delivering the necessary narrative punch or action.
This is just another boxing movie with few surprises and an awkward message to viewers.
If you like boxing or know a little something about the sport, prepare to have your intelligence insulted.
Against The Ropes is the latest sucker punch that arrives in the arena of unbearable boxing sagas complete with built-in sporting cliches and forged bravado
Fails to earn credibility and it fails to engage us.
If Against the Ropes was a boxer, it ... would be a lightweight. The movie spends more time displaying Jackie as a publicity-hungry celebrity ... than as a boxing manager.
squanders rich source material, opting for cliches and stock situations instead... Forget 'Raging Bull' -- this is Raging Baloney.
You're on the losing end from the opening bell
"Against the Ropes" spent 6 months in release hell before finally getting plunked down in the winter doldrums. The utter mediocrity of the film tells you why.
Somewhere along the way, I found myself enjoying Against the Ropes, not in spite of my better judgment, but because something in the movie defies the whole notion of better judgment altogether.
With all the platitudes flying around (and with one of the most stridently uplifting scores in memory), it's difficult to take any of Against the Ropes seriously.
Ryan's mannered toughness looks like play-acting, and she never quite convinces us she's seen the inside of a fight gym, much less that she's worthy to be Rocky in a miniskirt.
A soft, undernourished biography that plays things too safe.
So anemic you should probably order iron supplements with your popcorn, its plot so predictable it makes falling dominoes seem like a white-knuckle thrill ride.
A boilerplate melodrama whose good guys and bad guys are so baldly drawn they could have been conceived by Friz Freleng.
Bathos wrapped in a formulaic screenplay bolstered with cliches, not only about the boxing world but about tough women and the men who hate them.
Ultimately, you've seen it before, and there's no reason to see it again. Let's hope the real Jackie Kallen's life is more inspiring than this.
By the end, everything that was initially serious about the film becomes silly and everything appealing about it turns sour.
Kallen's interesting story has been pulped, if not pulverized, as a Rocky rouser.
One of those infamous 'based on a true story' movies in which just about everything is a lie.
[F]eels like a halfhearted attempt to remake a proto-feminist B flick Roger Corman tossed off in 1968...
Offers some entertaining punches, but ultimately goes down on a split decision.
Pretty much one big Great White Hope cliché, with a few sports clichés mixed in for variety.
An odd movie -- one that makes ready use of feel-good cliches, but also one that's abnormally willing to acknowledge its heroine's flaws.
Dutton is one of my favorite actors, but as a director he reveals an unwelcome penchant for soapy hysterics.
Given a real character to play, and one within her range, Ryan delivers a real performance, and a really likable one, in this sassy-but-not-edgy boxing picture.
In what must have felt like an Oscar bid at the time, Ryan struts with a hip-thrusting ferocity that would bounce small children into walls, all while doing some funny voice acting.
Gives Meg Ryan lots to do -- if, by lots, you mean wear a different trashy outfit in every scene, talk tough and follow a character arc which requires only that she learn a trite lesson.
This lethargic, pseudo-feminist biopic is barely a notch above a bad TV movie, with one-dimensional characters, cliché-ridden dialogue and fight scenes that are badly choreographed and edited.
As a boxing movie, Against the Ropes is perfunctory... As a biopic, it's likewise uninspired stuff.
A cliché-ridden, condescending and ham-handed film that clumsily fails to bring to life what should be an interesting story.
What either of the main characters think, or feel, about anything not directly related to their career ambitions remains wholly unexplored.
It is February, and this one is at least watchable. So go ahead and pick it up. Just don't expect it to be there when you get home.
In this specific role, Ryan does not have the cohones to do the physical strut that the real Kallen used to succeed.
Feels more like a TV movie for the Women's Television Network than a feature film.
It's hard to buy this minor melding of Rocky and Erin Brockovich as anything but a punched-up star vehicle for an actress in a slump.
Wobbles like a punch-drunk fighter.
It offers lackluster fantasy propped up by cliches. Kallen's story deserves better.
Inept in nearly every phase of filmmaking, the film's pace is lumbering, there's a shocking lack of authenticity and its messages are mixed at best.
Unlike Rocky and other cornball boxing movies, this one fails to land the knockout blow and winds up dispensing love taps in a hardboiled business.
In the class of American boxing movies, it's barely a welterweight.
Meanders until it gets to the final third of its running time, and then it catches fire.
Ryan, fitted out with...Brokovich-provocative wardrobe gives an interesting performance, but one that constantly demands analysis
Never incites enough of a rooting interest to capitalize on its inherent feel-good triumph-of-the-underdog arc.
Written by Cheryl Edwards, Kallen's story is pumped with artificial sweeteners, hokey inevitabilities, and denaturing oversimplifications.
Ryan approaches a larger-than-life character... and helps reduce her to a plucky heroine straight out of a made-for-Lifetime movie.
Let's talk turkey. There's nothing to be thankful about when it comes to Against the Ropes ... which passed its sell-by date even before the cameras started rolling.
The movie version of Jackie Kallen is Faust meets Erin Brockovich in a Lifetime movie coproduced by ESPN. If it sounds like a hodgepodge, that's because it is.
There's an interesting idea [here] if only the filmmakers didn't let themselves get so bogged down in the cliches of the countless boxing films of the past.
Storyline is formulaic and it tries too hard to wring emotion out of the audience...you can feel the puppet strings.
A formula movie about Meg Ryan wearing skimpy clothes and uttering dialogue as painful as the heels in which she's strutting.
Against the Ropes is a rousing drama about a pioneering female boxing manager whose gift of enthusiasm is something special.
Easily the worst film about boxing I've ever seen, and I've been trying to think of a sport-related flick equally as unappealing for the last week. I'm still drawing blanks.
Bwooklyn Meg sounds a whole lot like Margot Kidder impersonating Phyllis Diller. The accent comes and goes, but it remains the most entertaining aspect of the entire movie.
Obvious, irritating boxing girl power movie.
The great thing about sports movies is it doesn't really matter that they're all the same.
I hate to keep harping on Meg Ryan, but seriously, Meg Ryan, when are you going to be in a good movie?
Even by the standards of pop-moral parables passing for entertainment, this is bland stuff.
Throws the towel in early, leaning on one feel-goody cliché after another.
While Ryan's performance has the proper blend of confidence and cleavage, the movie succeeds only in producing more fight flick cliches than a Rocky movie marathon.
A title card says the film was 'inspired by the life of Jackie Kallen.' Nothing's actually inspired here, from Dutton's haphazard direction to an inapt score by the late Michael Kamen.
Still Oscar-less, Ryan obviously sees Jackie as her blue-collar scrapper in the Brockovich-Norma Rae mold. What she delivers is very different -- an unwittingly patronizing Great Blond Hope.
The script ... is shallow and dumb.
When it comes to keeping the colored folk peripheral, this picture makes To Kill a Mockingbird look like Get on the Bus.
Almost nothing about it feels drawn from real life.
It's an interesting, character-driven film, the story of a woman who has a fight on her hands when it comes to her chosen career.
A workmanlike production that's simply too predictable and too preposterous to hold our interest.
Far from a championship movie, but it's fun while it lasts.
Most of the characters are one-dimensional stereotypes ... and the climax is a championship bout that's both utterly predictable and out of key with the story as a whole.
Probably won't convince many people that the girl next door is anything more than that.
Neither very credible nor one of those beyond-belief disposables you still find affable.
There's virtually no information about the sport in the movie, which means it has about as much to do with boxing as Christina Aguilera's 'Fighter' does, and it means we have no connection to something that is supposed to be Kallen's passion.
Ryan may yet have a movie in her that will match the critical and commercial success of the 15-year-old When Harry Met Sally ..., but Against the Ropes isn't it.
The horror of Against the Ropes is that a screenwriter had a real person in front of her with an interesting, complicated story yet deemed her not "cinematic" enough.
A riotously awful biopic rife with stereotypes and boxing movie cliches.
This awkward hybrid of two popular film genres is to the art of moviemaking what Ali's famous "rope-a-dope" technique was to boxing.
Ryan's performance is all on the outside. She pitches her voice low and tahks about bahkzing. She wears teensy tight outfits. And she has done something unwise to her lips.
More business as usual, despite the feminist aspects of Kallen's story.
No amount of movie-star twinkle could lighten screenwriter Cheryl Edwards' bizarre character arc.
What [Ryan] appears to be doing is an impression of Johnny Depp doing an impression of Keith Richards doing an impression of Liz Taylor.
Pure fairy tale and flimflam, as phony as a fixed fight.
Ryan is clearly enjoying herself. She adroitly maneuvers her trademark cuteness into a kind of oblivious brashness -- a curious mix of brassy and brave.
If `Erin Brockovich' is the role model here, `Against the Ropes' falls far short.
If bad movies were punches, Against the Ropes would land like a perfectly timed round-house haymaker...
Omar Epps, sporting a great physique and aggressive acting chops, opens up the ring bringing heart and drama to an intro that hadn't much more to offer than big names.
If Jackie were Jack, this film would probably make TV, nothing more.
Diehard boxing fans will likely be disappointed by the film's lackluster fight scenes, calling them boring and lifeless.
Meg floats like a bee and stings like a butterfly in this misguided jumble of sports cliches.
"Against the Ropes" has slim, sizzling Meg Ryan in its corner... but the film is a loosely-patched version of about twelve other movies.
Relies too heavily on clichéd characters and tired plot devices.
In Charles S. Dutton's Against the Ropes, corny clichés and metaphors square off in a 12-round battle of linguistic idiocy.
There are cracks in the foundation, but it is nevertheless a surprisingly watchable production.
Meg Ryan's swell, but this 'Erin Rocky-vich' inspirational story lacks punch.
It stars a horribly miscast Meg Ryan in another of her awkward attempts to broaden her acting horizons.
Every scene in this movie plays like a scene from another boxing movie.
A punch-drunk combination of pugilistic hokum and feminist empowerment fantasy.
Meg Ryan struts her stuff Erin Brockovich-style; chock-a-block with moxie and the mettle of a woman who wants more.
If Against the Ropes were a comedy, it would be called Pugilistally Blonde.
What makes this movie truly enjoyable is the way it shows how two lost souls join together to fight the good fight.
Goodbye Meg Ryan.
Has Erin Brockovich written all over it, mostly due to Meg Ryan's blowsy performance.... Alas, the comparison doesn't work in this film's favour.
It patronizes us with caricatures for characters.
all the spark and imagination of a mediocre Lifetime Television for Women movie













@highlight

A bland, dumbed-down package of sports cliches.