Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin turns the site's formative years into a morality tale for our times.
Fincher is at pains to show that everyone involved in the legal talks believed they were in the right. That he does so successfully is what makes the action so riveting.
It is director David Fincher's equivalent of Orson Welles' Citizen Kane: the story of a capitalist who is awe-inspiring in some ways, but tragic in others; enviably clever and driven, but also repellently ruthless and treacherous.
An immaculate realization of clichés, a multi-billion-dollar lawsuit transmuted into a low-stakes male weepie, a bunch of college-movie stereotypes at play in a world of cruelly precise images...
Even in a year flooded with excellent dramas, The Social Network is a standout.
The Social Network, just like its subject, is the pop culture phenomenon of the new generation.
It's true that The Social Network is splendid in its own right. [Full review in Spanish]
In The Social Network Generation Facebook gets a movie almost worthy of them, and this fact, being so unexpected, makes the film feel more delightful than it probably, objectively, is.
The performances of Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg and Justin Timberlake as the Napster shyster Sean Parker are award-worthy. Andrew Garfield as Ernest Saverin, also gives an impressive performance.
A zesty advertisement for the further meaningless Facebookization of our daily routines, and the further squandering of our free time.
The film keeps teasing at bigger themes when it's really drivel.
What a terrific movie!
A giddy, two-hour rush of hot-blooded vertiginous dialogue and cucumber-cool cinematic curlicues.
It captures the essence of selfishness and treachery, all under the guise of creating a system geared toward making it easier for college kids to get laid. And sure enough, in the end, just about everybody gets screwed.
The Social Network is a spellbinding and compelling story with top notch performances and flawless directing.
Fincher keeps the movie's tech-y elements on the periphery, focusing instead on the time-honored dramatic elements of isolation, determination, avarice and betrayal.
The Social Network is splendid entertainment from a master storyteller, packed with energetic incident and surprising performances.
The movie that shows you just what being "the smartest guy in the room" will get you.
Aaron Sorkin's amazing script and several great performances make this one of the best movies of 2010.
The Social Network may not turn out to be the definitive movie made about the plugged-in generation, but it's a pretty good start.
Fincher's keen eye for direction and Sorkin's sharp script make this worth seeing for fans and non-fans of [Facebook] alike.
Director David Fincher seems drawn to these stories of misguided rebels who become monsters in their attempts to reorder the world.
Even if you've never touched a computer in your life, you'll find plenty to be fascinated by in this movie, as it shows that, whilst technology may be moving fast, the human capacity for hubris will always remain the same.
... A classic American story of capitalism and greed, friendship and betrayal, fueled by envy and lost innocence ...
At last, a movie you can actually discuss afterward. And not just on Facebook or Twitter. No, you'll want to chew it over in person, with friends, for hours.
It's hard work making a character you don't like into a character you don't like, but can still respect.
Perhaps we've become a world of Mark Zuckerbergs and it's clear that these filmmakers don't like it one bit.
It's part Citizen Kane, part Goodfellas, part Revenge of the Nerds and the most entertaining film you never knew you would want to see.
The Social Network is so engrossing you don't even notice how heavy handed the films central dramatic irony could be -- that the greatest tool for communication in the modern age was created by someone who has no idea how to relate to other people.
I've read a lot about The Social Network at this point, mostly raves about how it supposedly captures The Way We Live Now, but no one has really zeroed in on how deliberately alienating it is.
You wouldn't think that [Fincher & Sorkin's] talents would gel, yet their collaboration on The Social Network is brilliant ... a gripping tale of ambition and envy, betrayal and resentment.
That the project is not only a success but one of 2010′s best films is a testament to Fincher's talent as a director and his seemingly perennial ability to surround himself with incredibly astute, like-minded collaborators.
Almost certainly deliberately indebted to [Citizen] Kane, a quality that wordlessly speaks to Zuckerberg's own inflated ego.
he Social Network occupies a gray area, in which everybody's perspective is in question, and most of the main characters slip into self-serving, subjective realities. ... an ingenious way to tackle a very curious, contemporary case
There's a real mischievousness to David Fincher's approach.
Enormously entertaining, thought-provoking and fascinating despite a flawed, possibly biased screenplay.
The merits of Facebook can be debated; the merits of The Social Network are undeniable.
Directed with typical technical fastidiousness and textural richness by David Fincher from a verbally dexterous script by Aaron Sorkin...
An intellectual property battle ripped from today's headlines that feels like a cyber-thriller, yet it never once turns into a heavy-handed message movie.
An invigorating and vital film.
The genesis of Facebook as weepy bromance
full review at Movies for the Masses
A relevant exploration in to the changing of communication and socializing through a man who built an empire around the inability to tell people how he really felt...
Snappy script, sharp editing, eerily perfect soundtrack and nuanced performances. One of the first films to articulate the psychological power and draw of the internet: what it feeds us and why we feed on it
Just how much of the story is really true is anyone's guess but the brilliant script and Eisenberg's performance make it worth seeing in any case.
The need to belong drives the men behind a revolution in the slick biopic The Social Network.
The great irony is that the biggest player in the social networking boom proved to be someone so socially retarded he borders on sociopathic at times.
I'm really not making this up. My best friend Emily called me half an hour before I left to see 'The Social Network.' And guess what she wanted to know? 'This woman who went to high school with us wants to friend me,' she said. 'Do you remember her?'
Fincher and Sorkin, who clearly acknowledged that the meat of the plot was in examining the diverse characters involved, are to be applauded.
The Social Network's portrait of Zuckerberg, replete with the jerky rhythms and constant scanning of the truly net addicted, epitomises that change. For that, and some very fine drama indeed, this film is a must-see.
It's a credit to the combined efforts of Fincher and Sorkin that the dramatic tension can (more than once) culminate in the refreshing of a website.
This is a beautifully made film by David Fincher with a superb screenplay by Aaron Sorkin.
Like Zuckerberg, Fincher excels at data management, delivering vast amounts of information with the utmost clarity and speed.
This masterful, contentious and gripping biopic downloads us deep inside the control-alt-delete mind of the creator of Facebook, and then throws away the escape key.
Wherever the truth lies, The Social Network is an innately compelling, beautifully crafted insight into the emergence of a global phenomenon and the disintegration of a rare friendship.
A film of our times that captures the spirit of a generation that isn't prepared to wait their turn or pay their dues and instead will make the opportunities for themselves or tear it away from the less ambitious.
This picture helps convey the significance of the social media revolution; the one that simultaneously brings us together and tears us apart. The Social Network is scarily good. It gets us.
In a superlative example of art-imitating-life, there was definite alchemy at work on the set of The Social Network...nothing short of a masterpiece.
It's a shamelessly biased account, as well as a seductively plausible one, although you have to keep your wits about you to get the full effect.
Fincher has delivered his best work since Seven. An even better period drama than Zodiac and even more relevant to our generation today than Fight Club.
Clever, cutting and debateable, The Social Network should inspire discussion -- most likely played out on Facebook -- for months to come.
It doesn't take but a few minutes into the film for us to realize we're not only watching Fincher's strongest film to date, but the year's as well.
Fincher has constructed a wonderfully balanced tale of a young narcissistic genius in want of status and recognition.
There's a lot to like, yet The Social Network lacks a strong emotional core that is integral to making a good drama truly great.
Not quite a biopic (inventor Zuckerberg is but 26 years old) and not quite a character study, the movie is best thought of as the portrait of an asshole as a young man.
Ultimately it transcends the online world. This is an age-old story of an ambitious person who is able to accomplish much, but loses sight of what's really important.
A drama of Shakespearean proportions, with the key protagonists all flawed and found wanting
It's a bit like getting the scoop and the dirt behind the story, as we watch history unfold before our eyes. Filled with megabits of tension, the story flies at a rapid pace
El hábil guión de Aaron Sorkin y la dinámica dirección de David Fincher logran un relato entretenido, que ofrece una visión ambigua - aunque piadosa - del creador de Facebook.
A riveting, era-defining picture that is guaranteed to make you feel very stupid in comparison and very, very poor.
An exhilarating, absorbing, fast-moving drama detailing the ugly, angry clash of the old world with the new.
...an incredibly solid drama that has plenty to offer both computer buffs and neophytes alike.
In his first venture over to the dark side, the central performance by Jesse Eisenberg is a revelation. It's Oscar-worthy stuff.
An anti-charismatic Charles Foster Kane with social issues, class status anger, and homoerotic panic.
It gets no better than this.
The Social Network is technically flawless, powered by Fincher's dazzling direction...
David Fincher's fast-paced business drama adopts the set-up of his 1999 film Fight Club and inverts it.
It's still a little early to start making Oscar noise, but I can see "The Social Network" nabbing several come early next year, including nods for Eisenberg and Timberlake.
Despite the fun of the parties, the intrigue of the legal wranglings and the humour of the dialogue, Fincher and Sorkin never let us forget that we're complicit in their story (or at least 500 million of us are).
Business hasn't been this exciting since Gordon Gekko's first outing.
It's riveting stuff...
It's Eisenberg's performance that captivates -- icky and icy but strangely sympathetic.
Despite all of the betrayal, court cases and double crossing, let's be honest, no-one really cares about the founding of Facebook, but in the hands of David Fincher, however, The Social Network is something of a masterpiece.
While it does not really live up to the hyperbolic reviews, this is still a fascinating look at the craft of computer programming and the ostensibly boring question of intellectual property. Of course, it helps that the script is more fiction than fact.
El botón de "Me gusta" ha sido presionado. Muchas veces, y con fuerza.
The story of Facebook is given a dramatic twist by the combination of Sorkin's brainy script and Fincher's brawny direction. What emerges is the tale of a computer nerd who only understands relationships if they're online.
A rich, understated character drama that gleefully exposes the petty playground politics at the centre of one of the internet-era's most bitter court cases.
A rare and vital film that nails the concerns of privileged post-adolescence in the first few years of the 21st century, and, more universally, draws out eternal themes of truth, subjectivity and envy with an effortless elegance.
A timeless story of friendship and betrayal which illustrates how our appetite for more can become insatiable, regardless of the consequences.
Fincher melds The Social Network into a riveting study on the perils of power and money, flipping Zuckerberg from socially-maladjusted college student into a young man governed by obsession, greed and entitlement.
The film is almost nothing but scenes of people sitting over glowing screens, or in lawyers' offices, or in bars/diners/clubs. Yet it never seems sedentary. The jabber is intensive.
Like. Poke. Share.
Polish up the Oscar and get ready to give it to Eisenberg, an actor whom most people have never seen before.
Put it in a double bill with Zodiac and I might just cry myself to sleep with amazing.
Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a hugely enjoyable, era-defining drama that's gripping, laugh-out-loud funny and ultimately moving -- it's also one of the best films of the year.
The film is...kind of like a portrait of Now.
Tells an impressive story in an accomplished way about genius and intellect, the corrupting power of greed and pride, and about paying for poor behavior, intentional or otherwise.
The Social Network s'impose déjà comme une oeuvre majeure d'une décennie qui ne fait pourtant que commencer.
You can pencil Aaron Sorkin in for the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar right now.
Facebook Founder an Enigma in The Social Network
Jesse Eisenberg's Zuckerberg is a beautiful, fully textured child of the internet age.
The Social Network is one of the movies for which 2010 will be remembered.
I'm really not making this up.
You?ll be watching in awe as Fincher weaves the scenes of this film together. There?s never a dull moment.
Fincher and Sorkin Have Created a Film Whose Truth is as Subject as it's Presented on Facebook Itself. A Dark, Entertaining Parable.
A sympathetic examination of how this prickly character [Zuckerberg], and his desperate need for connection, led to an invention that allows millions to connect with each other.
We have Facebook because some dude got dumped. I can believe that.
A dizzyingly smart, confident, often riveting drama about the creation of the groundbreaking Web site.
The Social Network may bore into its subject, rather than blow it up, but it has inviting style and depth. It's an adroit portrait of a revolutionary time that emboldened contact at the same time that it made it less meaningful.
Interesting, if unexceptional, but there are bothersome portrayals in the film that just don't ring true. It turns out the there is a good reason for this: these depictions are false. That is a problem.
Watching a movie with a snappy pace, whip-smart dialogue, and so many interesting things to say about where we are as a country right now is such a pleasure.
"The Social Network" has an unusually difficult task to pull off--it has to make computer programming exciting--and it does so with aplomb.
Manipulation is the heart of this film, both in the story being told, and by the filmmakers who molded the true story to fit their agenda.
a virtuoso modern parable about greed, innovation, and betrayal, as well as a compelling portrait of how technology is changing the landscape of both business enterprise and interpersonal relationships
Here?s a status update: Yes, controlling personalities with Napoleon complexes thrive on the Internet. Too bad this film seems to have been made by as well as about them.
The Social Network is a sweeping look at the mind, our generation and era, and our future.
A glib little morality tale dressed up in trendy togs, and it is to profundity what Facebook is to actual human interaction. But it?s undeniably appealing.
The film's real achievement stretches beyond the story. When we've all forgotten Facebook, The Social Network will remind us what it was to be part of the generation of Millenials.
Expresses that the most successful personalities are driven by a psychotic need to win.
A business procedural played with the intensity of a thriller and the ingenuity of a screwball comedy.
The underlying message in the films seems to be that if these guys just got laid more often we would never have had innovations like Napster and Facebook.
A great director can take a great script and make a great movie out of any subject matter - such as the creation of Facebook
The scariest screen villain in a half century, since Psycho's Norman Bates, given that this inscrutable creep actually exists in real life.
Eisenberg gives a performance so captivating that I could sit through the movie again, just to watch him.
'Citizen Kane' for the impatient digital era, with that masterpiece's decades-spanning morality tale of loss, hubris, loneliness and revenge compressed into a few years, and with an ex-girlfriend named Erica instead of a sled named Rosebud...
The film played well for me while it was playing -- I wasn't bored. But it's far from the best movie I've seen this year.
The movie's lustrous, deep-focus frames and headlong pace are difficult to resist. Its an entertainingly cynical small movie.
Cool, fast, smart and sleek. It's also a surprisingly deep and almost painful reminder of the importance of a real social network - as opposed to, say, Facebook.
Bookmark this one on your must-see list.
The Facebook flick is a kick-in-the-head tale of ambition, friendship and betrayal. Fincher and Sorkin turn hacking, blogging and coding into action scenes.
I know I could tell you to 'accept' or 'like' or 'friend' this movie. Instead, I'm just going to tell you to go see it.
Fast-moving, engaging, and even exciting.
Even if you've never logged on to Facebook, you can still get caught up in the way The Social Network looks at issues of friendship, rivalry, inspiration, and the cutthroat nature of business.
A modern morality tale full of rich performances by a great young cast playing from a smart, canny script. The Social Network is one of the coolest, sharpest films of the year.
Makes a seemingly dry civil law suit story a fascinating sexy watch.
Like the screwball comedies and film noir staples of yore, The Social Network exhibits an extraordinary gift for gab.
Young adults in today's Entitlement Generation may come away from the film thinking that it's perfectly justifiable to be an a**hole and a misogynist, as long as you get into Harvard and come out a billionaire.
[Network's rise and fall] relates to the classic gangster film narrative ... More directly, [the film] positions itself as a new Citizen Kane, with its protagonist reaching the heights of a communication empire.
The Social Network boasts enough great dialogue to fuel a half dozen Oscar-bait movies.
What happens when a director and writer hate their subject? A well made, but one dimensional hit piece.
Never before have coding and algorithms been so titillating.
It is a great many things: a giddy comedy... a marvelous piece of top-shelf cinematic craftsmanship, a consideration of how communication works in a plugged-in world.
The movie may serve to bridge the huge Grand Canyon-like chasm between baby boomers on one side and Gen X and Y'ers on the other, stimulating meaningful discussions about values, viewpoints and ideas.
Give it a shot. Unlike Facebook itself, The Social Network has no real flaws.
As great as the film is, you can't overlook the fact that if you knew these people in real life you would block them on Facebook.
The Social Network is one of the saddest movies ever made
[Fincher]crafts a document that analyzes who we are now and where we're at in a way no other motion picture up to now has, and for that reason alone that probable makes the film a masterpiece.
...A fascinating, absorbing film well worth friending.
a self-important, narcissistic glorification of its own significance
The chill that seeps through The Social Network... is a feature, not a bug: Zuckerberg's is a cold world, and Eisenberg's calculated detachment makes for an astonishingly sophisticated performance...
The cinematic union of Sorkin and Fincher for this their first collaboration is brilliant.
The story of a groundswell,of an unlikely collaboration between a product and its customers that upended not just the value propositions of Harvard, but of the pre-web economy
... it's flashy as hell given its subject matter. It also doesn't hurt that it's pretty good.
... it's Eisenberg's performance that helps make Zuckerberg the most fascinating and complicated movie character since Daniel Day-Lewis' Daniel Plainview.
Fincher is back to the sort of engrossing, immersive storytelling of his best work in Zodiac.
Nonetheless, having made the occupants of the White House seem believably human in The American President and in The West Wing, Sorkin knows it's better to focus on his characters' hearts, no matter how black, than their coding fingers
There's a lot to "Like" about The Social Network.
That is, the possible "openness" of Facebook here hinges on the definitive closed system embodied by this fictional Mark Zuckerberg.
In the end, The Social Network is not so much about Facebook as it is about the complicated and tortuous social warfare that led to its birth.
You will know The Social Network is something very special from its first scene.
The Social Network shares creative DNA with a handful of classic, zeitgeist-savvy films like Network and All the President's Men, as well as more recent fare such as The Insider and Michael Clayton.
The brilliance of Eisenberg's performance is that even when you want to slap his Zuckerberg silly you can't help but admire his creativity, his ambition and his almost religious dedication to the Internet's potential.
This is the 2010 Oscar season's first drama to live up to the hype and expectations associated with it.
There's a cool precision and honesty to The Social Network, the story of the founding of Facebook, which guarantees its entertainment value even as it limits its emotional impact.
It has the staccato wit of a drawing-room comedy, the fatal flaw of a tragic romance and the buzzy immediacy of a front-page headline, all powered by a kinetic engine typically found in an action flick.
[P]roof that Fincher's directorial verve can imbue virtually any tale with urgency, be it the search for a killer or the search for a killer app.
Despite the whiz-bang topicality, the headlong intelligence, and the many sharp collegiate scenes, this new-style movie hews pretty closely to an old-style playbook.
David Fincher and screenwriter Aaron Sorkin have put together a well-acted, intelligent, and compelling film that merits accolades as one of the best films of 2010.
The Social Network is a bland title for such a thrilling, ballsy, intelligent movie.
Hallelujah! Finally, a movie with the kind of dialogue we deserve!
Much of the preliminary discussions about logarithms and formulas are merely geek-speak for most moviegoers, but because Fincher has weaved it all together in a hugely entertaining package, we don't care.
Multifaceted and Brilliant
Eisenberg gives us a speeded-up rendition of his previous performances, but it fits. There's also fine cinematography by Jeff Cronenweth and softly pulsating music by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross.
What a joy to sit in a theater and be engaged, surprised, challenged, amused.
Fantastic performances, compelling story for teens and up.
A perfect package to document a bright young thing's meteoric rise and near-fall.
The Social Network is more a meditation on right vs. wrong than a chronicle of the birth of Facebook and it is a more affecting film because of that.
Easily ranks as one of the best films of 2010, and David Fincher's best work this side of Fight Club and Se7en.
An utterly fascinating and compelling work that combines classical dramatic storytelling, a cutting-edge visual style and a steely intelligence equal to that displayed by any of its hyper-brainy characters
...a fabulous post-modern fable.
David Fincher's smartly written, expertly told chronicling of the dawn of the Facebook era ... is just that compelling, that engrossing, that hard to resist. Kind of like a certain website I know.
The best movie ever made about e-commerce, as well as the Internet itself.
A tale of a social outcast turning the tables, or, if you can't join 'em, beat 'em. This is a valuable, flinty work of reflective zeitgeist, holding up a myriad of mirrors to our own wildly self-promotional selves.
Every aspect of the film, from Fincher's beautiful direction to Reznor's emotionally devastating score to each and every performance is absolutely stunning.
None of these ideas is revolutionary, but The Social Network embeds them in a taut, intellectually exhilarating narrative in which daredevil dialogue simultaneously defines characters and obscures motivations.
One of the best of 2010. (Parental Review also Available)
Forget the guy who invented the Pet Rock or Jump to Conclusions Mat; Facebook is now the stick that every American dream is measured against. And "The Social Network" is surprisingly the stick that movies need to measure up to in 2010.
...an exciting parable about new millennium high tech, money and power.
Somehow the results come together like the perfect status update.
Sorkin has stripped down the Facebook experience and presents the overlying and often unspoken commitment to its usage. How do others view us?
If you want to see an enthralling movie about business in the 21st century, forget about that stinker Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.
Everyone in The Social Network is smart. Everyone in The Social Network is sarcastic. And that is big fun to watch.
David Fincher-who managed to make information-overload so gripping in Zodiac-is the ideal director for this story: He sweeps you up into its unexpectedly vibrant world.
David Fincher-who managed to make information-overload so gripping in Zodiac-is the ideal director for this story: He sweeps you up into its unexpectedly vibrant world.
What looks on paper like a static series of dead-end conversations comes to life as a vital, engaging, even urgent parable for our age.
Everyone involved went out and made the film they were trying to make, and it's often funny and generally captivating.
You wouldn't think a movie about the creation of a website could be so enthralling, insightful, funny, and complex, but here we are.
The best aspect of the movie is just how delightfully trashy it is. There are more "oh no he di-in't" moments than in an episode of Jersey Shore.
The Social Network" is sharp, incisive, insightful and witty. It also touches upon our need -- some may say our addiction -- for human contact, even if it is through a computer.
Lackluster, pedestrian, emotionally hollow and underwhelming despite exquisite cinematography and a timely, initially intriguing premise.
The Social Network sets out to show you the genesis of a modern Rockefeller, Carnegie or Vanderbilt. In the 21st century, information is the new oil, the new steel. What hasn't changed is the mentality of the tycoon.
Fincher's approach to the socially significant creation that validated the lonely lives of a nation is to shoot it like he made Fight Club, a surreal dream of financial waste and delusion covered in a deep green and brown color scheme.
Eisenberg is superb, playing not the real Mark Zuckerberg but the character created by Sorkin, hyper-alert and obtuse, his voice both taut and tremulous.
All of these misshapen odds and ends click together for one of the year's most satisfying films so far.
Aiming for greatness and not quite making it, The Social Network will have to settle for solidly consistent. Most major studio releases should be so lucky.
You may not want to live inside Mark Zuckerberg's head, you may not care for Facebook, but you'll be drawn into the world of the film utterly. It's a massive achievement.
Densely written and expertly directed with performances that rank among the year's best...
Even with his constantly affectless expression, Eisenberg gives Zuckerberg just enough vulnerability to make you not entirely hate him.
The writing is strong, and the drama -- the drama of betrayal -- is ever present.
The Social Network is a film for now, even if in the realm of computer time 2003 seems like a lifetime ago. It's riveting entertainment, and a must-see.
A fly-on-the-wall objective look at a personality who is at once public and unknowable, in metaphor for current instantaneous non-face-to-face madness.
This account of Facebook's founder, and of the website's explosive growth, quickly lifts you to a state of exhilaration, and pretty much keeps you there for two hours.
Relies mainly on great dialogue and strong performances from its young cast to propel a story so riveting that it transcends the film's ugly reputation as The Facebook Movie.
It's ironic that only a week after Oliver Stone's Wall Street sequel came out, The Social Network schools the old man by absolutely nailing the new generation of rich jerkwads
Thanks to David Fincher's straightforward direction, Aaron Sorkin's Oscar-level script and a half-dozen sharp performances, this is one of the best movies of the year.
It's Fight Club without Marla.
Weeks after seeing it, moments from it will haunt you.
Fincher gives the story the vitality and clear, coherent tension of a thriller.
It's a smart bomb of a film that illustrates how technology and innovation influence human behavior.
One of the many remarkable things about David Fincher's movie The Social Network is the constant realization, as you watch, that this movie should by all rights have been exceedingly dull.
In the opening few minutes of The Social Network, all you see are two college kids yakking, and it's the most enthralling movie sequence of the year.
It's astonishing that a movie mostly set in front of computer screens and in deposition rooms, a movie where the end is already known, has the hold of a suspense film.
The Social Network is terrific entertainment - an unlikely thriller that makes business ethics, class distinctions and intellectual-property arguments sexy
In some ways Fincher, who has portrayed serial killers both fictional ('Seven') and real ('Zodiac'), has never presented a character as remorselessly vicious as the implacable cyberpunk.
Fincher has made quite a few terrific films, from Se7en to the underrated Zodiac. But this time he's outdone himself. The Social Network is riveting from start to finish, and a master class in directing.
The Social Network sometimes relegates the actual effects of Facebook to passing lines of dialogue and offhand references. But there's plenty to explore in its causes, and Zuckerberg's story ends up feeling bigger than his own life.
With spectacular performances, technical elements that are beyond criticism, and the best directorial work of Fincher's remarkable career, The Social Network is one of the best films of 2010.
This is a remarkable film for more reasons than its antihero... It's a movie as much in the moment as your computer's home page, which for millions of users is Facebook.
Watching The Social Network, the real Zuckerberg may feel as if someone has hacked into his Facebook account and changed his profile picture.
History as we know it is still unfurling, and The Social Network is that rare film that has something -- not yet definitive, but certainly provocative -- to say about it.
It's a tribute to Fincher and Sorkin that The Social Network ends up being more absorbing and nuanced than anyone could have hoped.
The Social Network sees Fincher more ambitious in his narrative choices than ever before, his visual and thematic ideas seemingly multiplying uncontrollably within each frame.
The closest to a John Hughes film this generation will get, which is a huge compliment. But, 'The Social Network' is not the defining movie of a generation.
Has a rhythm, or a pulse. ... You almost interact with the production as you would a stage play, as if the players can feed off your energy (and vice versa).
It's not an easy time with this pompous crowd, but the feature encourages the venom to a mesmerizing level of engagement, turning legal woes and verbal abuse into a spellbinding sit.
Possibly the film of the year. Much more than just a facebook movie.
A smart, literate, engrossing parable of genius, ambition, greed, treachery and inconclusive justice that says a good deal about a world undergoing technological revolution but still beset by the same old human problems.
It's the classic American tale of success, power and greed, but one that's updated for the online generation -- like There Will Be Blood on apps.
Jesse Eisenberg is still recognizable as the kid who starred in "The Squid and the Whale" but Fincher's gotten a new level from the actor...
In its quiet way it's every bit as fascinating as Fincher's more self-consciously meaningful films.
It may be the year's best movie.
The movie zips along at a quick pace, with caffeinated dialogue. Still, things get dull in the third act during the inevitable crash.
Brilliantly directed by David Fincher, this provocative film probes the impetus for invention, the changing face of social interaction and the limits of friendship -- the old-fashioned kind and the version linking 500 million Facebook users.
David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive.
Cavalier when not in your face cocky, this Hollywood notion of a dumbed down, sexed up Harvard is less brainiac boot camp than Ivy League Club Med where nobody does homework. A hyper-capitalist homage to Facebook, and an infomercial in biopic clothing.
Despite the ceaseless yammering, The Social Network delivers the heady, rib-tickling rush of an action picture, and it gradually builds to an emotional wallop that blindsides you.
Like one of those fake-smart, middlebrow TV shows, the speciousness of The Social Network is disguised by topicality. It's really a movie excusing Hollywood ruthlessness.
The film swaggers with a bravado born of insecurity...
Smartly written by Aaron Sorkin, directed to within an inch of its life by David Fincher and anchored by a perfectly pitched performance by Jesse Eisenberg, The Social Network is a barn-burner of a tale that unfolds at a splendid clip.
The Social Network has everything you want in a thriller for the brain: huge doses of ego and duplicity, corporate backstabbing, and some very layered performances.
So good it can make thrilling even the sight of people typing at computer keyboards.
With The Social Network, director David Fincher has come up with a movie that, in telling the turbulent story of whiz-kid Mark Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook, isn't just compelling. It's great.
On the level of craft, the movie's just absurdly enjoyable.
A fascinating story about the founding of Facebook and a classic fable about ambition, betrayal, greed, fame, envy, status and sex, the film is an absolute must-see for anyone, on Facebook or not.
I had more fun watching "The Social Network" than I do snooping Facebook. Post a comment, tag your friends, like this post but get out and see this film!
An altogether mesmerizing tale, filled with unexpected dark humor, that plucks a lot of resonant strings about the Digital Age.
The Social Network combines a multitude of impressions and conflicting first-person accounts in a trajectory that is refreshingly coherent.
An unforgettable, conversation-provoking, ballsy film.
Because it tackles a big topic and has been made by an important director, critics have been working overtime to position it as some sort of defining film. It's not.
Through deft shooting and a brilliant orchestration of flashforwards and flashbacks, [Fincher and Sorkin] turn these potentially deadly scenes of legal sparring into a zesty narrative framework.
Addictively entertaining ... tremendously captures a detached-yet-connected Internet age in which people often remain friends online long after the real relationship has dissolved.
The Social Network succeeds, per journalism's most basic directive, in showing not telling. And like great journalism, a great film can capture the reality of the present -- and even make art out of it.
The Social Network's first act is its best -- a hellishly precise youth movie rattling along on a clamor of computer jargon.
It zips along, told mostly in flashback, and communicates the pure exhilaration of this momentous social gear-change with aplomb.
A riveting cinematic triumph that can be fairly described as the Citizen Kane of the 21st Century.
We're talking the internet here, so The Social Network, an analysis of events that took place all of seven years ago, is an ancient history lesson. But it's an illuminating, thoroughly engrossing one. Thrilling, too.
An unlikely marriage of directorial and writerly sensibilities has produced one of the most stimulating films of the year.
David Fincher, Aaron Sorkin and a terrific ensemble of young actors reveal the (not quite) true story behind the Facebook phenomenon.
Given the remarkably literate, incisive and witty script by Aaron Sorkin, I can think of a half-dozen directors who could have hit this one out of the park.
The real surprise is that it's also great fun, beginning with a screenplay that represents [Aaron] Sorkin at his very best -- zippy, brainy, amusing, incisive.
A sharply written tale expressing the irony that a man with five hundred million subscribers has nary a friend in the world.
An astonishing morality tale about the shadow side of creativity, the loneliness of pioneers, and the ways in which anger can fuel ambition and power in a world ruled by technology.
Just as you can't stop yourself from checking into Facebook more than once a day, you'll find yourself drawn to The Social Network again and again. It's easily one of the year's best.
It is a tremendous entertainment for adults.
Is The Social Network one of the fall season's best big movies? Without question.
A film this rich emits all kinds of literary and cinematic reverberations.
Fincher and his screenwriter, TV writer-god Aaron Sorkin, have made a seemingly modest picture that achieves something close to greatness the old-fashioned, slow-burning way: By telling a story with faces, dialogue and body language of all types.
Among this film's remarkable achievements is that fact that it is thrilling without a single gunshot, in your face without the benefit of 3-D.
A portrait of the generational hero no one asked for, the world he changed by accident, and all the things his invention will never change no matter how hard we try.
The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking it further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of the past decade.
What you're left with is a host of issues far more stimulating than the movie raising them is.
The Social Network is one of those movies that cares more about whether something "feels" real than whether it is.
Do movies ever attempt to analyze the entire weave of life? Now they do.
Rushes through a coruscating series of exhilarations and desolations, triumphs and betrayals, and ends with what feels like darkness closing in on an isolated soul.
Fincher segments and layers his material at a pace befitting the meteoric ascendancy of Facebook itself, and without the grandstanding that's sometimes marked his work.
(VIDEO) Jesse Eisenberg does a better job than expected of fulfilling Zuckerberg's identity with an acid-tongued, fast-twitch cyberpunk attitude that wilts every lesser intellect around him.
Poignant, timely, and supremely mounted, Social Network captures the zeitgeist like no other film this year.
Mr. Fincher and Mr. Sorkin offer up a creation story for the digital age and something of a morality tale, one driven by desire, marked by triumph, tainted by betrayal and inspired by the new gospel: the geek shall inherit the earth.
Fincher makes his saga both mesmerizing and fun. Although he moves forward with a constant, pulsing momentum and never stops, in doing so he accurately represents the thrill of sudden inspiration.
This fascinating, astute 'Rashomon'-like tale is tantalizing, provocative and enthralling, never quite delineating the truth.
A brilliantly layered film ... another home run for Fincher and about as close to perfection one can hope for with such a complex tale.
an almost-great film whose cultural significance unfortunately outweighs its emotional substance.
It's the finest film in many years to open the New York Film Festival.
With a lot of help from Sorkin's (potentially Oscar-worthy) script, David Fincher has crafted his most humorous film since Fight Club.
On a first viewing, it seems almost indecently smart, funny and sexy. The second time around... half the time I sat there marveling at the similarities of the story, themes and structure to Citizen Kane.
The Social Network is the movie of the year. If Coppola were into computers, this would be The Godfather.
A mesmerizing, bewildering and infuriating protagonist makes this movie about Facebook's creation a must-see.
Continues Fincher's fascinating transition from genre filmmaker extraordinaire to indelible chronicler of our times.
As socially significant to this generation as films like Network, All The President's Men and The Graduate were in their own time.


@highlight

Impeccably scripted, beautifully directed, and filled with fine performances, The Social Network is a riveting, ambitious example of modern filmmaking at its finest.