What sets Force Majeure apart is this heightened sensitivity to how even an event as minor as Ebba's little breather is incongruous with the stories that families tell about who they are.
Bursts of intense Vivaldi underline the crisis as deadly serious, while also making fun of it. The way the conflict plays out in conversations between the couple and their friends over dinners and drinks is side-splittingly funny.
It's a satire in the best straight-faced manner of Luis Bunuel's European tenure.
Filmmaker [Ruben] Östlund's design is fascinating in the way Ebba's story soon becomes a litmus test for gender, family, and even age issues among all who hear it, including the audience.
Johannes Kuhnke and Lisa Loven Kongsli are so credible that some moments in the film seem like a documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
[Ruben] Östlund pushes all the events just to the edge of absurdity, to find the comedy in an uncomfortable situation.
Its use of long-takes and other social realist filmmaking techniques mean it often plays too close to the bone, leaving you feeling uncomfortable more frequently than in fits of laughter.
Even as it is conveying disquieting truths, the film manages to be ruefully, understatedly, and mischievously funny.
Ruben Östlund's subtle but intensely powerful drama sometimes feels like a Nordic Noir or even, at times, some kind of existentialist horror comedy -- and yet no one gets hurt and not a drop of blood is spilled.
[Östlund] has a real knack for putting his characters under a microscope and making them squirm, which is impressive (and exhausting) to watch.
A searching examination of middle-class complacency and gender roles in an age of us-or-them individualism, this assured Swedish drama is the kind of film that's hard to watch and harder still to tear your eyes away from.
From the crashes of Vivaldi on the soundtrack to the static shots of clanking machinery in the nearby ski resort, it's an oddly unsettling experience.
The drama never leaves Östlund's grasp, and rightly there's a completely even balance in runtime between Tomas and Ebba's respective dilemmas.
It's savagely funny stuff.
Force Majeure is the best foreign language film I've seen this year. It's one of the best films in any category I've seen this year.
It all comes down to the electric toothbrushes.
When Joanna Hogg (Exhibition, Unrelated) directs this kind of thing, you feel the horror of the situations but here the couple's tension merely becomes irritating after a while.
There's palpable tension here, but how much it emotionally grips us is another matter.
If anything undermines this knowing comedy of manners, it is the sense that it prides itself on being a knowing comedy of manners.
Östlund's merciless and often very funny film doesn't just ridicule its male protagonist, it interrogates what a fractious institution marriage can be when predicated on a societal pressure to conform to expected gender roles.
The acting is impeccably controlled, with leads Kuhnke and Kongsli sympathetically establishing the genteel, only slightly self-satisfied blandness of their characters, then tracing the cracks that spread in their makeup.
We say thriller: but don't expect The French Connection.
Östlund and his superb cast have made an odd, gripping movie. Let it rock your world.
Strikingly original and often extremely funny, Force Majeure is a refreshing change from our steady cinema diet of mindless thrillers and charmless comedies.
Ruben Ostlund's subtle and probing drama lays bare the tensions and misunderstandings in a seemingly happy marriage over the course of a week's skiing holiday.
[A] superb black comedy.
Couples, be warned: this isn't date-night material.
We shouldn't relish others' misery this much.
An essentially hollow contrivance, more concerned with pushing hot buttons and sparking discussion than organically developing characters or probing complex issues.
With unnerving subtlety, this acclaimed Swedish drama takes a startlingly honest look at the underlying fragility of family connections...
Ruben Östlund's icily disturbing family drama, set in an upscale ski resort in the French Alps, is a disaster movie without a disaster.
A brittle black comedy that has plenty to say about modern manhood and the human survival instinct.
Although it features a family tested by disaster, it's closer in spirit to a euro-centric Woody Allen flick: a brutal and, at times, blackly funny film about a marriage in crisis.
Reading the various opinions on Force Majeure is almost as entertaining as watching the actual movie.
A penetrating study of human weakness, Force Majeure shows us things about these characters, and by extension ourselves, that we might not want to see.
Östlund skewers the hollowness of many notions of gender roles and offers a pitch-black comedy full of raw emotion.
The film is still a bit of a slog, despite its uniformly fine performances.
If the point of the film was to make you dreary and uncomfortable, mission accomplished. But, since I can't accept that people really act this way, then spending time with such dispassionate characters is meaningless and improvident.
If "Force Majeure" writer-director Ruben Östlund makes more films as amusing, perceptive and deftly crafted as this one, he'll be a force in world cinema.
An intriguing relationship drama, one that is at times darkly funny, at others thought-provoking, but consistently piano-wire tense as it delivers an avalanche of emotion.
Acting is excellent, including the children, whose characters say little but radiate anxiety.
Force Majeure is at once a finely-honed dark comedy and a character study of a family in turmoil,
Force Majeure is the human condition under assault.
essentially the droller, married version of Julia Loktev's masterpiece of relational/gender dynamics
...a squirmy exploration of masculinity come undone.
"Force Majeure" is wonderfully alive- and even very funny.
Östlund uses deft editing and musical cues to place an ironic frame around the couple's decidedly first-world problems.
A top-notch Swedish psychodrama about a marriage besieged by the fallout from a scary but harmless avalanche.
Witty satire on masculinity and morality.
This is an emotionally powerful film about the struggles of people to deal with the restrictions and limitations of traditional male and female roles in modern marriage.
For a comedy about emotional pain, this is neither discomforting nor terribly funny, and the satire of bourgeois complacency doesn't cut very deep.
Ostlund not only rides that wave of crushing power by unleashing all those inner demons, his efforts leave us emotionally chilled but giddy at having survived the experience.
The film is incisive about its characters' attitudes and what those attitudes say about our cultural beliefs in regards to gender roles.
Ruben Östlund's brilliant white-on-white black comedy is a precise, exacting psychological horror about the fissures in a bourgeoisie Swedish marriage, highlighted after a split-second reaction to a "controlled avalanche."
Ultimately, "Force Majeure" becomes a thoughtful examination, through Tomas and Ebba, of the person who lives inside each of us, emerging only in the most unguarded moments - and not always a person we want to acknowledge.
An alternately funny and vulnerable look at the fragility of both individuals and couples.
"Force Majeure" is both funny and sad, often in the same glance-averted instant. See it with someone you'd trust to stick around in an avalanche. It's one of the highlights of 2014.
But with great slyness, this anti-comedy goes broader to examine how couples are always looking for an advantage over one another-how after a certain time, husbands and wives are always groping for a weapon.
Force Majeure is a challenging, character-driven slow burn and one of 2014's best films.
...a sporadically engrossing yet perpetually erratic familial drama.
[A] confident and provocative piece that, as I'm hardly the first critic to point out, you should think twice about choosing as a date movie.
One thing's for sure - any father who sees "Force Majeure" will stay rooted to their seat the next time an avalanche is coming their way. The alternative is more painful than annihilation.
... a what-would-you-do thriller from Sweden ... appropriately, more Bergman-esque than Hitchcockian ... Add this one to your short list of year's most intriguing offerings.
The laughter it provokes may be uneasy, but the ultimate emotional impact is quite real.
Everyone should have just gotten over themselves and moved on to enjoy the week on the slopes without so much drama. But that wouldn't have been very Swedish.
"Force Majeure" is a blistering, ultimately empathetic tour de force.
Gruesomely funny.
Emotionally eviscerating, it explores gender stereotypes and assumptions.
A sharp, honest critique of what constitutes "manhood," revealing how fragile a concept it can be. An engrossing (if occasionally slow-moving) treatise.
Excruciating and bleakly amusing ...
Östlund has an exquisite eye for the intimate, nonverbal communication between couples through their posture, gestures, their eyes.
Östlund's movie is chillingly choreographed and sharply shot and edited, but despite the chilly setting and icy veneers, it has a heart that burns wickedly.
The film gets its biggest laughs -- and there truly are some grandly bleak belly-shakers here -- by upsetting the apple cart on traditional gender roles.
Writer/director Ruben Östlund delivers utterly on an ingeniously simple premise, one that is all the more agonizing and hilarious for its elegance.
"Force Majeure" leaves the audience squirming - in all the very best ways.
Ostlund has a keen eye for human behavior that exacerbates marital discord and dysfunction.
Set in the Alps, Force Majeure follows a marriage down a very slippery slope
Little fights turn into big fights when couples use their emotions as weapons
Little but the children's fear of their parents' separation has any dramatic weight.
Using a jarring sound design and artfully constructed space to keep us on edge, Östlund makes even the every day, like brushing one's teeth, unsettling.
...interesting but too long...cut 30 minutes and this is a winner.
Force Majeure offers a what-would-I-do scenario that is so banal, yet so life-changing, that some of us may have been through something like it already. Warning: Thinking about its implications may keep you up at night.
... deliberately paced but rewards patience, and the intimacy ratchets up the suspense.
It is often deliciously, horrifically awkward and downright uncomfortable.
Meticulous and deliberately paced, Force Majeure unexpectedly hits the viewer like an emotional avalanche.
Takes its time to get where it's going, but the raw feelings unearthed by writer/director Ruben Ostlund are frightening in their accuracy.
As adroitly written and directed by Sweden's Ruben Ostlund, "Force Majeure" is a precise film about an out-of-control situation.
Slow and, especially in the beginning, sometimes even prosaic, Force Majeure uses very ordinary moments as building blocks for something tense and unnerving.
This is icy-dry comedy, perfectly calibrated to the movie's snowy environs.
The emotional aftermath and battle of gender expectations threatens to be more devastating than any pounding of powder.
The film is beautifully made, with great visuals of the hotel's fine, loneliness-inflicting interiors, and mountain-high slopes where families don't talk to each other very much.
The cool deliberation...takes a degree of patience to appreciate, and some may find its abrupt tonal shifts bewildering. But it's a remarkable portrait of a family on the verge.
For all the family drama, the film is pretty funny.
Force Majeure is both an insightful probe into gender roles and family dynamics and a clever lampoon of fragile bourgeoisie masculinity.
No synopsis can ever reveal the film's greatest strength, which is how frequently hilarious it is.
"Force Majeure" is a prickly moral comedy for grown-ups, full of sharply observed moments, spectacular scenery and masterfully manipulated atmosphere.
But while you'd think audiences would barely even register a cad any more, two new movies - 'Listen Up Philip' and 'Force Majeure' - resurrect the breed with leading men who are almost impossible to empathize with, but compelling nonetheless.
Filmmaker Ruben Östlund shifts gears from humor to psychological thriller, redefining courage and family in the process. Force Majeure is a jolt. You won't know what hit you
It is a film that makes your murmur in amazement as you watch and then brood on the dangerous corners in all our lives. It's a quiet avalanche.
Impressive hybrid of relationship drama and special-effects frills and thrills.
Force Majeure is ultimately about something not often explored in film: the consequences of male weakness in a world in which men are expected to be strong at all times.
Intellectually and visually enthralling and often savagely funny, but it also demands a significant investment of both patience and stamina on the viewer's part.
Force Majeure is a one-off conversation between couples amplified into a near two hour anti-male screed.
...a low-pitched but potent dramedy about familial tensions.
Östlund fashions an examination of marital upset that's beautifully written, sometimes quite funny, and plotted with a kind of forensic exactitude.
Wickedly chilly...The tension isn't in heated exchanges or bracing action; instead, it's in the silence, the brooding, the doubts that creep in.
Ostlund is a gifted creator of malignant ambience, which he masterfully uses to keep his audience wound tight and unsure whether the payoff in catastrophe will be physical, emotional or both.
The resolution to a such an argument is impossible, the speculation impossible to resist. Audiences will feel the same about Mr. Ostlund's movie, and the ticklish points it pursues.
At times it recalls the working class fables of Belgium's Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardennes, digging into an ethics debate without any need to solve it.
Cinematographer Fredrik Wenzel and editor Jacob Secher Schulsinger play out long takes, allowing us to take in fleeting bits of information while also generating nervous laughter.
This brilliant, viciously amusing takedown of bourgeois complacency, gender stereotypes and assumptions and the illusion of security rubs your face in human frailty as relentlessly as any Michael Haneke movie.
It's a sly tease, superbly written and performed. There's even odd humor. It's all set against gorgeously shot natural vistas.
It's the rare kind of moviegoing experience that will haunt you long after you leave the theater and lead to some very awkward conversations with your spouse.
Östland writes the conflict between husband and wife beautifully, like a scab that gets picked at until it bleeds, and he does things cinematically, too.
The cinematography is thrilling, the actors are marvelous and director Mr. Östlund shifts masterfully between violent confrontational outbursts of anger and moments of quiet, introspective feelings without words.
Though far too long for its wisp of a plot, this stylish film has a nerve-cinching grip that makes it more alarming than most horror flicks, let alone most movies about a couple having a tiff.
An incisive, stunning and satirical look at the emotional free fall when a man and his marriage can't live up to expectations.
This is slender material to build a whole film around, but Östlund turns it into something deep, for viewers with patience.
Force Majeure represents what is perhaps Östlund's most sophisticated thought experiment yet, at once provocative and wise.
Forget "Gone Girl," this is the truly icy commentary on the state of marriage today.
As a slow-burn melodrama, "Force Majeure" is expertly crafted.
It comes down on the essential hollowness of traditional gender roles like the avalanche that proves to be its inciting event.
Women are protective; men are cowards. Here's evidence of that, delivered with the excitement of an avalanche in a hip French resort.
Director Ruben Ostlund is more playful than cynical in his exploration of a marriage on the rocks, and his blending of dark humour with lyrical visuals is often arresting.
The single worst date movie to come out of the European arthouse circuit since Charlotte Gainsbourg become intimately familiar with a pair of rusty scissors in Antichrist...at once brilliant and impossible to bear.
His [Ostlund] only failing is following an ending that shows Tomas' risky desperation to make amends with a coda that evens up the couple's ledger. It's the one contrived moment in an otherwise impressive film.
The "pleasure" of Östlund is in his command of silence and detail. A sigh or physical twitch says more than a line of dialogue, and what it says is more alarming and more provocative than anyone bargains for.
This premise is extraordinarily rich in dramatic power, and it is explored here with forensic thoroughness.
Force Majeure is a shade too long, but it's never less than intriguing, challenging and disturbing.
I think it's really well acted. I think the kids are great. I think the premise is very interesting.
Easily one of the films of the year; a must-see, and on the big screen, so you can't escape. You've got to just sit there, and squirm.
The resolution of the emotional crises seems manufactured, and the final sequence on a tourist coach driven by an incompetent idiot also. These moments drag the film down, despite all its potential.
While engaging much of the time - and the snowy setting is gorgeous - the pace is slow, with long pauses, which occasionally distract somewhat from the snowballing tension and friction between the characters.
Force Majeure asks fascinating questions that play out in challenging dramatic scenes. Maybe watch it alone though. I wouldn't want to get into it with a date, but for the record, I'd die for you, baby.
Swedish director Ruben Östlund's damning, frequently hilarious study of imploding male ego.
Uncomfortable truths make for brilliant cringe comedy in the gorgeous, sharply written Force Majeure.
Ruben Östlund masterfully manages the marital tensions that drive the film's plot forward while imbuing the scenario with these carefully layered philosophical reflections.
A comedy of passive aggressiveness, a scathing satire of masculinity, delivered with Kubrickian unease
This insightful excavation of a husband and wife is a ready post-screening argument-starter ... In Turist, the Swedes don't hold back; the dirty laundry is aired out for all to see and smell.
...Force Majeure cleverly and crisply presents a simple truth: we can never know how we might react in a crisis, all we can know is that we'll be judged on it.
Östlund has become an almost brutal satirist of his countrymen's foibles, presumptions and hidden prejudices, like Bergman with a more wicked streak.
This film has also been one of the rare opportunities to have laugh-out-loud moments at Cannes this year, and for this we should be grateful to Östlund.


@highlight

Gleefully uncomfortable, Force Majeure is a relationship drama that's hard to watch -- and just as difficult to ignore.