This storyline certainly has an interesting peace-through-strength/Manchurian candidate subtext, but it's lost when the film veers off to a mystical Himalayan ninja temple and is not only completely confusing, but also abominably acted.
Should you see G.I. Joe: Retaliation? Yes. If you like G.I. Joe.
Any hint of amusement or wit is quickly glossed over in favour of action sequences, clunky dialogue and forgettable 3-D.
Retaliation takes itself about as seriously as it should. Which is to say, not very. The dialogue is light and breezy, filled with jokes and sarcastic asides.
It's probably not a stretch to note that G.I. Joe: Retaliation improves considerably over its 2009 predecessor, G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra...
Amidst a couple of nice action beats, there's plenty of stilted dialogue, poorly drawn characters, and heaps of generic rock music.
A terrible film with a confusing plot, jarring tonal fluctuations, characters that engender no sympathy, and a strangely flippant attitude toward violence.
Did you think a second G.I. Joe movie was a good idea?
Bruce Willis, The Rock, explosions, comedy and action help this popcorn sequel rise above its more Sci-Fi predecessor, but even fans caught up in the action will occasionally find this live action film to be just a bit too cartoonish.
A very flawed film, but it's superior to the first installment in every way.
[Jon M.] Chu is a stylish director, and it's fun to watch him blow things up. He also paces the material furiously. For awhile, this strategy works. But, as with most movies that don't have any substance, the pomposity and spectacle grow tiresome.
I'd be hard-pressed to call any of it 'exciting'; mostly the film just chugs along, steadily going from one plot point to the next, neither engaging us nor boring us.
This action-packed drama is as bland and forgettable as its predecessor.
It's pretty bad. You don't need me to tell you that.
Has a great deal more grace and goodwill than its predecessor. It moves well, offers up the occasional surprise, and never takes itself too seriously.
Dumb, hyperkinetic fun.
I was prepared for the expected amount of flag-waving nonsense in this film, but one sequence with a Cobra member posing as the President of the United States is so offensive, it seems like it was an outtake from Team America: World Police.
Dizzyingly entertaining celebration of fireballs, wire-assisted martial arts and high-calibre firepower has more grace and poise than Die Hard 5...will surely make up for those disappointed with the so-so 2009 film.
While it might be the height of critical cliché (and analytically wrong) to call G.I. Joe: Retaliation "a real American Zero," if the combat boot fits...
Explosions and action figures.
This film had no use of the 3D.
Retaliation isn't hatefully dumb - it's entertainingly dumb. But even after the umpteen millions it cost to make, it never comes close to capturing the imagination like three 3/4" action figures can.
Marries the steroidal firepower of the US armed forces with the narrative sense and technical elegance of a twelve year old playing with his action figures.
Tea Party paranoia about Obama's alien identity and fascist agenda apparently motivated this disappointing sequel, which pits the Joes against an impostor U.S. president (Jonathan Pryce) working for the evil forces of Cobra.
As to be expected, Johnson actually imbues his character with some humanity, but in the cacophony that is this movie, this doesn't really amount to much.
Routine action adventure but that mountainside battle is one for the record books.
The plot is just a thin outline providing opportunities for lots of shootouts, explosions, chases, kung-fu fighting and massive destruction (including the destruction of a major world city). But that is what you buy your ticket to see, after all.
Dwayne Johnson and Bruce Willis provide performances that should be in the hall of shame under the category "Best example of going through the motions for a paycheck."
There's a decent attempt to humanize the characters and make them more than mere fighting machines...but there are also potholes in the logic of the screenplay, by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick.
This movie never realizes how ridiculous anything it does truly is, right up to the last-second promise of another sequel.
It's like the childhood dream of the president of the National Rifle Association.
G.I. Joe: Retaliation is such a craven and relentless onslaught of obsessive gun fetishization that you half expect to see the NRA's logo appear alongside Paramount and Hasbro.
Folks, we'd all love to see a hard-line G.I. Joe film where everything is realistic, but when was the show ever realistic?
If you played with G.I. Joe action figures...any crazy storyline you came up with is probably less silly than this.
...mind-numbingly moronic despite good 3D and CGI...
If you went back to 1984 and told me there would be a serious production about toys called "Destro" and "Ripcord," I'd have asked you when lobotomies became mandatory.
The movie ricochets between interesting characters and idiotic ones, between clever plot developments and ludicrous ones, between smart dialogue and -- wait, scratch that; there is no smart dialogue, just marble-mouthed monologues and limp quips.
You should be able to sit through a big-budget action flick, based on action toys, without being intimately familiar with the toys. That's what bugs me about "G.I. Joe: Retaliation."
Where the first film is a rancid violation of everything that makes cinema even a little bit tolerable in any regard, the sequel is merely empty and mediocre.
Sure, there's action, but these scenes seem more about shaking things up todistract the viewer from the overly convoluted, disjointed and nonsensical plot.
This high-octane installment is a slight improvement but still primarily about gunfights and special effects, with a ridiculous script about world domination that takes itself way too seriously.
The self-deprecating humour, including what sounds like an in-production bet to place lyrics from Tears for Fears and Queen songs in the mouths of the bad guys, means the film plays like a Bond movie written by Russell T Davis.
Fight-filled and blasting but forgettable - totally lacking the essential element of cartoonish fun.
G.I. Joe: Retaliation is bargain-basement blockbuster entertainment but some people will enjoy it for the brainless popcorn entertainment it is.
This is the second awful G.I. Joe movie. It is even worse than the first one. Perhaps there is not a good film to be made from this material.
The plot is not as important as the action that follows. Director Jon M. Chu shows great skill, whether the fights are on city streets or on the sides of mountains.
The filmmakers appear to have handed a dozen or so G.I. Joe dolls to a 9-year-old, watched him play for 110 minutes, and then shot a scene-for-scene remake.
Bigger, louder and, like, way more stupider than its predecessor.
What a blast G.I. Joe: Retaliation is! And then another blast, and another, in a series of concussive jolts that shred any conventional sense of story as thoroughly as anything since the last Michael Bay film.
If you're a fan of Xbox, or whatever they call those violent video games these days, chances are this film is for you. Otherwise, look for something that actually challenges your brain cells.
Perhaps the best compliment for G.I. Joe: Retaliation is that it doesn't drag and it does exactly what you expect it to.
A preposterous and messy 3D spectacle devoid of any kind of soul.
By ignoring everything that made 2009's G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra a hugely entertaining guilty pleasure, the all-new writers and director of this sequel have made one of the most abrasively annoying action movies in recent memory.
When it comes to big and loud, this is the movie to beat for at least this week; what makes it entertaining is its unabashed wallow in these qualities ...
The plot is a ludicrous mash-up of half-thought-out ideas.
Plays like a tiresomely extended evening of channel surfing.
This dumb ramble isn't a patch on the original.
This sequel keeps the OTT action but replaces the fun with over-earnestness, forgetting to revel in its stupidity.
Enjoy the stupid; I kind of did.
No go, "Joe."
Retaliation is less a sequel than an antidote to the calcified mound of crap that ostensibly inspired it.
Administers exhilaration without a Michael Bay level of enervation.
A better movie than the first one...which is a little like saying that someone with a terminal illness is better off than a person who's brain-dead.
One of the most despicable displays in the collision between consumerism and filmmaking
We may hate ourselves for liking it, but at least we don't hate ourselves for being there.
To put it bluntly: move along, there's nothing to see here.
As big, dumb, action and explosions and "hell, yeah, ooyah" movies based on toys go, this one is a lot of fun.
It's difficult to know at whom the retaliation is aimed in G.I. Joe: Retaliation. Channing Tatum's agent? The screenwriters' guild? The good reputation of ninjas? But I'm going to go out on a limb and suggest it's us, the audience.
Johnson is charismatic and personable but deserves better than this lame and unexciting picture.
What's the difference between an action figure and an action star? Very little in G.I. Joe: Retaliation, which features no performances of note, even from such combat-tested thespians as Bruce Willis, Jonathan Pryce and Dwayne Johnson.
Largely incomprehensible in its plotting and full of subsidiary characters only those familiar with the first film will recognise.
There should be a "Fans Only" sign at the door of every theater.
I won't pretend that I had a great time watching "G.I. Joe: Retaliation."
It would be nice to report that this movie, based on the Hasbro toy soldier line, was amiably daft or engagingly silly. But actually it's dull and aggressive, steroidally humourless.
Stupid is the nature of this Hasbro-produced action franchise - but would it be too much to ask for something that was dumb fun?
It displays a level of intelligence that will not tax a 12-year-old boy.
Ever played a video game with a friend and had to sit there while he hogged it, leaving you to do nothing but watch for what seemed like hours?
In the end, the heroes collect their medals and smile as if good has triumphed over evil, not sparing a thought to the allied nation across the ocean whose people will be grieving for decades to come.
Chu would rather drain the film of color, downplay his only real moviemaking asset, and yes, bring back the dopey nanomite menace. This is not progress.
If you're going to start applying concepts like logic, plausibility, and classical filmmaking techniques to this explody distraction, you'll probably end up laughing your way out of the theater before the main "plot" is even revealed.
In fact, I spent most of "G.I. Joe: Retaliation" wishing I was watching a movie where Blind Master RZA and Warden Walton Goggins open up a detective agency together.
Movies like GI Joe: Retaliation want to give you the video-game equivalent of an itchy trigger-finger. It's an emotion-free zone.
...a fun, sweeping and yet understated sequel that should whet the appetites of action fans without overdosing them on pop confectionaries before the summer buffet truly starts.
As disjointed and frenetic as a Saturday morning cartoon from Japan, GI Joe: Retaliation could very well bring out your inner child, in addition to your inner child's attention deficit disorder.
The sequel erases the absurd campiness of Stephen Sommers' original and attempts a reboot at becoming the next bad-ass action franchise, but in the end is nothing more than your average "Joe."
Good luck recalling any other would-be set pieces a couple of days after you've seen Retaliation.
It's not stoopid anymore, but just plain stupid.
People may flock to G.I. Joe: Retaliation despite its inert illogic. But don't say you weren't warned. As a wise man once said, "knowing is half the battle."
Subplots pop-up inexplicably and incoherently; poorly shot set pieces confound in a wilfully inane bore of a film.
To borrow from Jack in the Box, "G. I. Joe: Retaliation" is one hot mess.
The question remains as to what, exactly, the film is retaliation for. Four million years of human evolution?
While GI Joe: Retaliation may still boast an overly indulgent running time and some ridiculous displays of gun fetishism and gung-ho patriotism, it's a fun ride while it lasts.
Unmitigated nonsense to anyone but diehard fans.
Ragged, good-natured blockbuster improves on its predecessor.
G.I. Joe: Retaliation is like Zero Dark Thirty written by 1st graders (and not the ones in the gifted class).
The low-stakes acting is one reason "Retaliation," despite its nonstop violence, feels as simplistic and kiddish as a Saturday-morning TV show.
A lumbering beast, bogged down by too many characters and an incomprehensible plot.
Like a Dumpster bin behind Tiffany's, this contains nothing but well-packaged garbage.
G.I. Joe: Retaliation is practically gushing with overpowered and combustible action sequences, but it doesn't feel like the tribute to its source material that The Rise of Cobra was.
Even mindless action has to have a baseline amount of mental energy behind it.
When I say, "dumb fun," do you focus on the first word or the second one? That will determine whether or not you should see G.I. Joe: Retaliation.
This is a playtime movie, a bit of pre-adolescent wish fulfillment aimed squarely at 10-year-old boys.
Needs some decent dialogue, some good acting, and at least a plot twist or two to qualify something like this as worth seeing. 'G.I. Joe: Retaliation' has none of that. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
The glib humour gives the endeavour an air of self-parody, but not always the fun kind.
Buy a ticket, enjoy watching ninjas on zip lines and The Rock kicking ass, and when the lights go up try to avoid thinking about it on any deeper level.
So ludicrous that it might not even convince a sugar-addled 10-year-old on a Saturday morning.
[The] action sequences are assaults not only on aesthetics but also on basic logistics.
Jonathan Pryce (The President) and Byung-hun Lee (Storm Shadow) steal the film from the muscled stars without firing a bullet.
G. I. Joe: Retaliation could best be described as formulaic, in that it seems like it was made from a recipe. Take two parts Bruce Willis and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, and mix for 100 minutes
Not a bad way to save a franchise. 'Retaliation' earns a very enthusiastic 'Yo Joe!' and is highly recommended for fans.
May have a grittiness to it that its predecessor lacked, but it has corrected absolutely none of its problems.
A more sure-footed shoot-'em-up that finds some heart, wit and perhaps enough momentum to spawn a formidable action franchise.
Everything in G.I. Joe: Retaliation is perfunctory - technically proficient but soulless. It's not exciting. It's boring.
Benefiting hugely from rock-bottom expectations, G.I. Joe: Retaliation sets a low bar that it clears effortlessly thanks to Johnson's charismatic performance and a humourous script that demonstrates surprising political awareness.
A disjointed exercise in cosplay action theatrics that evidences the worst instincts of cobbled-together Hollywood overindulgence.
G.I. Joe: Retaliation is just obnoxiously loud, over-plotted, idiotic and tiresome most of the time.
It's well-executed technocratic action fluff. But it did leave me buzzed rather than drained.
Just a bombastically brainless summer behemoth that's arrived a few months early.
Director Jon M. Chu keeps the action moving and his stars charismatic but "Zombieland" writers Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick have cobbled their plot together from everything from "Star Wars"...to "RED"...to the "Lethal Weapon" series...and more.
Johnson deserves far better material than a non-stop confusing orgy of violence, somehow directed by Jon M Chu on the back of two Step Up dance movies.
That's not to say that this G.I. Joe is good, aside from a couple of dazzling action set pieces, but at least it's efficient in its muscular mindlessness.
The G.I. Joe team is back, and most of their sophomore movie adventure, G.I. Joe Retaliation, is as bland as their name and as subtle as an exploding tank.
It's like a giant explosion on a distant planet, observed but not felt.
"G.I. Joe: Retaliation" has enough hoo-ah to bring a satisfying blast of blockbustery summer to dreary March.
"Retaliation" rescues movie-going audiences from another dull bastardization of our childhood. Yo Joe!
Thanks for retaliating against the mess that was "Rise of COBRA"...now this franchise knows where it can go. And knowing is half the battle.
As for plot and character development, well, um ... did I mention the picture has a lot of guns?
The junky pleasures of the first installment now just seem like junk in this noisy, nonsensical, lead-footed sequel.
If the film feels like a video game that's because it is one.
It's not enough to call this the rare franchise action movie to bring the goods; it's the even rarer one whose creators seem to understand what the goods even are.
Good Lord, what did we do to deserve "G.I. Joe: Retaliation"?
Even Dwayne Johnson couldn't save this sequel.
Once the story picks up, it's all ka-blam all the time, but rather than generate thrills and excitement, it ultimately becomes enervating.
The directive behind this sequel, clearly, was non-stop action. Let's think about that phrase a second. Do we really want our action movies to deliver action that does not stop? Ever? I get a little tired of action sequences that won't stop.
Retaliation makes any number of ham-fisted bids for topical relevance, and naturally almost every one of them represents an affront to good taste.
Good if you're a 12-15-year-old boy, bad if you're just about anyone else.
One great action sequence slap-bang in the middle. The rest is glossy bilge.
It's big and noisy...but it's also fun.
Instead of long takes, which are lovingly utilized in Step Up 3D, Jon M. Chu opts for increasing volatility in the editing room.
Disappointing sequel that falls down thanks to an incoherent script, lazy dialogue, a surfeit of characters, a phoned-in performance by Bruce Willis and an insultingly callous attitude towards its onscreen destruction.
Between its generic action-thriller plotting and unsophisticated worship of warfare and hardware, Retaliation is a conspicuously uninspired effort that goes through the motions, hoping undiscriminating genre fans won't mind.
The most fun I have ever had watching one of the worst films I have ever seen
Furiously loud and even more furiously dumb, G.I. Joe: Retaliation proudly flaunts the spectacular daftness we've come to expect from action movies based on toys and games.
It is, surprisingly, the lesser of the two 'G.I. Joe' films, with Stephen Sommers' 2009 'The Rise of Cobra' featuring much more team spirit, pep and fun.
Now you know G.I. Joe: Retaliation is a fun movie, and knowing is half the battle.
At least once as kids, we all gave an action figure's head the ol' 360-degree spin. Watching the confusing 3-D sequel G.I. Joe: Retaliation, you know how that toy felt.
The good scenes are very good, and they are barely connected to the bad scenes in any tangible way, so you can enjoy them for what they are and merely trudge through the rest of it.
Things go boom and bodies go down and the one hour and fifty minutes zip by like oh, two hours and ten.
The only relatively lucid thing Retaliation has on its side is an 'in association with Hasbro' credit, which makes you go, 'Ah, they tried to make something with all the pizzazz and credibility of a toy commercial. Pity they failed.'
Sure, we can nitpick things like Joe Colton not having a beard, or Roadblock not talking in rhyme, but the spirit of the property many of us loved in one form or another is there.
Silly, but fun. Much better than the first movie. Dwayne Johnson is the ideal hero for a larger-than-life movie like this one.
It looks as though some bright spark at Joe HQ decided that what the series needed was to lose its fun, post-'Team America' self-awareness and replace it with unironic jingoism, military-fetish hardware and heavy-handed nods to real world events.
in case you are unable to keep up with the ADHD approach to mayhem, all the money shots are replayed over the closing credits.
It's like an elaborate, expensive cosplay with big explosions and set pieces and enough of a winking sense of humor to let you know everyone is there to have a good time.
Incredibly disjointed, lacks any sort of a compelling throughline and, in the end, feels very small. And that's with the entire city of London being destroyed from outer space.
This movie is breathless in all the right ways, and I think audiences will have fun with it.
The first film you could at least laugh at. This takes all its silly ingredients and smushes them down flat.
Everything in Retaliation is calibrated to snare a 13-year-old's attention span and the story, such as it is, acts as little more than a limp washing line on which to peg those incendiary set-pieces.
GI Joe Retaliation isn't so much a sequel as a reboot.
The Transformers films should be looking to this for inspiration in how to make such a movie so rad.
Retaliation is easily the best film produced under the Hasbro banner, clearing the lowest cinematic bar perhaps ever known to humanity. It stars Dwayne Johnson, Bruce Willis, and a bunch of ninjas. You'd have to work hard to not make this thing fun.
Channelling my inner 18 year old, the first word that hits my keyboard is - awesome! G.I. Joe is about big boys' toys and high calibre action. Tick and tick
There are sure to be many more clunkers in 2013...but it's never nice to be the first.
With a new director and a brand new set of actors and characters, Retaliation delivers with a better storyline that brings back the essence of what true fans remember of the '80's cartoon and comics.
It's getting to the point that we should just give Dwayne Johnson a shot at all the big summer blockbusters in need of repair.
'Retaliation' delivers thrills, but it's the rare case where playing with more toys would have helped.
Most of the high points involve its bigger action set pieces, but other parts just don't work as well because it never quite finds the right overall tone.

@highlight

Though arguably superior to its predecessor, G.I. Joe: Retaliation is overwhelmed by its nonstop action and too nonsensical and vapid to leave a lasting impression.