The first film was a bloated sack of puerile sexist jokes, and moronic Adam Sandler bits. . .But the first iteration of Grown Ups made money (a lot of it) so now there is another one.
It's not terribly deep and insightful, as moments in The Way, Way Back are, but Grown Ups 2 is comfortable and, at times, genuinely hilarious.
Few of the characters' actions make any sense, be it in the context of Hollywood clichés, real life, or anything even resembling reality.
It's a shame how lazy and pointless Grown Ups 2 is.
Laziness wafts from the screen like a foul odor.
Sandler's films have always been stupid, but the early stuff is pretty harmless; here the jokes almost always come at the expense of someone else, the kind of needless bullying one expects of a YouTube comment section.
[A] slothful, indulgent sequel that sees a once-great screen comedian hit self-inflicted Sandlergeddon.
Rob Schneider, the butt of many jokes in the first Grown-Ups, is nowhere to be seen. Salma Hayek, as Lenny's wife, looks understandably tense and irritable throughout.
The single consistent throughline Grown Ups 2 seems to have, in fact, is its bigotry.
[A] witless, clueless and utterly pointless sequel to a comedy that pulled in boatloads of cash, but was beloved by absolutely no one.
The only good news is that the five friends in the original film have been whittled down to four.
Transgender jokes, fat jokes (always James, happy to look stupid), homeliness jokes, mama's boy jokes -- the picture was made by people who like to put down people, and it was made for people who like to tease others or watch others be insulted.
Dreadful.
Directing once again is schlock auteur Dennis Dugan, and the result is an $80 million YouTube video.
"Grown Ups 2" takes its rightful place in the pantheon of terrible films, becoming just another one to avoid like your life depended on it.
Grown Ups 2 is the culmination and epitome of laziness not just for Sandler, his friends, or director Dennis Dugan, but comedy as a genre.
The leads dampen the delivery with a noticeable lack of energy. It's telling when the most charismatic comedic performance comes from Taylor Lautner...
Adam Sandler's follow-up to one of the most improbable blockbuster comedy hits in film history - Grown Ups took $270m in 2010 - is a similarly plotless, reasonably pleasant, rough-edged comic ramble.
This is not a movie. This is nothing but Adam Sandler hanging out with his pals and congratulating himself on how awesome he finds himself to be.
There was nothing remotely notable about 2010's Grown Ups, and now we have a sequel that's even lazier.
Somehow, the word 'sequel' doesn't fit: it would be like describing three months of agonising spinal surgery as the sequel to falling off a cliff.
As disposable and forgettable as its 2010 predecessor...
It's easy to be critical of films which have no aim other than to entertain, but if you're half way to Sandler's juvenile, rather sexist mentality you will find more comedy highlights than you'll be expecting.
No human being possesses the imaginative power to sufficiently lower his or her expectations to anticipate the sheer laziness of this putrid ensemble comedy.
Unsuitable for all ages.
This Happy Madison remedial-school version of 'This Is 40' is as insane and dumbfounding and worthy of WTF mock-cult status as 'The Room' or 'Manos, Hands of Fate,' even if it did earn $42 million its first weekend.
The simplest way to put it is that if you liked the first Grown Ups, you will also like this one: it's an equally shameless, just-as shoddy, no-less depressing sprawl of 'life lessons' and fat gags.
These movies are about four friends -- played by comedians -- remembering what it was like to be young. How much better for an audience would it be if they remembered what it was like to make comedy?
The script feels aimless and desperate, even by its own aggressively sophomoric standards.
Sandler and his pals are in the enviable position of having the muscle to do their thing for fun and profit.
The Land of Lazy can crown a new king because with Grown Ups 2 Adam Sandler has officially nabbed the throne.
Adam Sandler has made some warm and funny movies but this one is a mess from start to finish.
It's plotless, pointless, soulless, but worse than all of those things.... it's just NOT FUNNY!!!
Full of coarse excuses for humor and cruelty, 'Grown Ups 2' literally spews bile at its audience.
Clearly this is the film to see if you have a long standing grievance about the way deer have been mistreated by humans and long to see them take their revenge.
one long, smug, self-satisfied smirk at the audience
Just when it seemed like it couldn't get any worse for Adam Sandler, Grown Ups 2 underperforms its predecessor in every way imaginable.
Sandler could very well have scribbled the script on the back of the cheque he and his co-writers were given in advance to produce a sequel, any sequel - just a movie with the number two in it - which happens to be the number of times you will laugh.
There are NOT enough adjectives in the English language to describe this vile, disgusting excuse for a movie. If I can stop even one person from paying to see this crap, then I have done my job!
"Grown Ups 2"... will be hard to top as worst film of 2013, and is an instant contender for most worthless movie of the decade.
Sandler and his writing partners jump from one crude gag to the next without a trace of a plot or narrative sense. This would be OK if any of the jokes were remotely funny, but they're mostly retreads of the bad jokes from the first movie.
It's Rob Schneider who had something better to do!!!! I have to refer to him forever from this day forward as The Smart One.
Judging from the box-office success of 2010's Grown Ups, there is a healthy-sized audience for this brand of comedy.
...offensive, crude, vulgar, and appeals to the lowest level of taste and refinement, replete with disgusting puerile urination and scatalogical gags...
The only way this could be worse is if it were a sequel to Jack & Jill.
For a film about facing irrelevance, Grown Ups 2 isn't fighting for a place in the race.
It's almost funny that Sandler's films about being older are his most immature, as if in an attempt to make a movie about recapturing youth, he's showing us exactly why you shouldn't.
Some of the gags are childish but really, isn't that why you go to a movie like this in the first place? I know that's why I do.
A mix of cheap sentiment and fart jokes.
There can be no justification for the laziness and indifference of the makers of this, because I cannot understand how any audience, much less themselves, can tolerate the incompetent, sub-moronic spectacle that resulted from that lack of effort.
Grown Ups 2 delivers exactly what it's been advertising in trailers and on talk shows: grubby low-comic escapism.
This is pap, plain and simple: scattered raunch-lite devoid of emotional resonance.
It makes the first movie look like The Maltese Falcon.
A movie of fools, by fools, for fools.
"Hey, remember 20 minutes ago when we were at K-Mart and all that stuff we saw and did there?"
If nothing else, the movie's themes are announced: domesticity, ogling, excrement.
At some point, someone in a position of authority will tell Adam Sandler no, or at least ask to read a screenplay.
The best thing I can say about Grown Ups 2 is that Rob Schneider is not in it.
Is there any good that could come of raging against the emerging of the burp-sneeze-fart?
Friendship, family and breasts: Sometimes that's all you need.
This is how the audience is repaid, offered bathroom humor bookends as reward. It might be hard to believe, but the sequel actually gets worse as it drags its corpse-like sense of humor around for what feels like an eternity.
Crude, sophomoric sequel doesn't improve on original.
The film, at its core, is about being bullied & standing up to bullies and claiming one's community. Some nice sentiments, but so much of it is lost amidst the rampant, third-grade level stabs at humor.(Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Every iota of logic, common decency and college educated critical self within me all but screamed that this film is an insult to my intelligence and an affront to the entire human race and I'd listen if I wasn't so busy laughing.
When Taylor Lautner is the funniest thing in a movie starring Adam Sandler and Chris Rock, we're in trouble.
Anyone desiring a serious education in the fundamentals of how to make a comedy should study Grown Ups 2 as an example of one that does almost everything wrong.
If "Grown Ups 2" was anything in the ballpark of a "good movie," then sea cucumber excrement is tasty. (One of the dirtiest animals on the planet, they resemble a long sausage and dine on dead animal carcasses).
The fact that some moments are genuinely laugh-out-loud funny almost makes the whole endeavor sadder.
Comedy works best when there's a constant stream of good material that has some degree of consistency. This movie starts at a juvenile level and regresses from there.
The movie lurches from one gross-out scene to another, flipping the bird at continuity and logic. It honestly seems as if Sandler and his team descended on a random suburb, halfheartedly improvising and moving on when they got bored.
[The] lazy, scattershot and anything-but-mature sequel to the leaden Grown-Ups.
Grown Ups Minus 2 would be more apt.
In certain ways, Grown Ups 2 marks a return to classically Sandlerian infantile anarchy.
Apparently the world demanded another family-friendly version of "The Hangover," one that combined scatological comedy with smarmy sentimentality.
Do not waste your money, your time and your brain cells: Grown Ups 2 is a dismal disaster.
Nobody escapes untainted by the foul stench of Grown Ups 2.
A second helping of infantile lowjinks...a lazy, plotless excuse for a comedy.
Believe it or not, Grown Ups 2 is better than at least one other movie in existence, and that movie is Grown Ups.
For all its warm and fuzzy notions of family and community, Grown Ups 2, directed by longtime Sandler cohort Dennis Dugan, has a desperate reliance on nasty jokes about pee, poo and -- with surprising frequency -- gay panic.
Grown Ups 2 looks like it was a lot of fun to make. And the last laugh is on us.
Sure there is a chuckle or two along the way, but this is a deeply lazy movie, so much so that it's set over the course of a single day for no reason other than the whole production saves money on costuming that way.
As a way to arrange a movie, it's a disaster, but on some level you have to respect a guy who keeps his pals working, especially in this economy.
All I can say is I didn't DISlike it. It astounded me too much with its nonsense, and it's not nearly as offensive as I'd anticipated. So I have no real issue with it.
nothing more than a studio sponsored sabbatical, a quasi-bankable star giving his buddies a (sometimes, much-needed) paycheck
The unfunny and unengaging Grown Ups 2 aims for the lowest possible comedy targets and fails to hit even those.
Adam Sandler scrapes the bottom of the barrel -- and then he pukes into it -- with Grown Ups 2...
It's hard to imagine another comedy coming along this year that is this abrasive and free of laughs. It's like everyone involved intentionally tried to create a horrible movie.
The temptation arises to say something nice about "Grown Ups 2" just because it doesn't cause injury. But no, it's a bad movie, just old-school bad, the kind that's merely lousy and not an occasion for migraines or night sweats.
Largely free of Sandler's usual schmaltz and lame romance, it's pure plotless, grotesque high jinks, bizarre and inept in a way that's fascinating without ever being all that funny.
In the end, though, all is forgiven and love reigns supreme. It's gruesome.
It's one thing that Grown Ups 2 is unfunny -- what's really galling is that Sandler and his cohorts can barely come up with a good reason for its very existence.
In the first five minutes, a deer walks into the star's bedroom and urinates on his face. It's all downhill from there.
The hard work that obviously went into this out-of-touch sequel is partly what makes it so irritating.
To be fair, the ambition behind Grown Ups 2 is nothing more than to give people a few laughs on a summer afternoon or evening, but still, lazy does not even begin to describe even that half-effort.
None of the stars are trying very hard, and so the most memorable presences are the cameos: If nothing else, Grown Ups 2 will go down as the only film in history to find room for Steve Buscemi alongside "Stone Cold" Steve Austin.
It's pretty sad that Sandler's sunk so far that a movie being merely bad is somehow a success.
Like most Adam Sandler movies, it's exactly like most Adam Sandler movies.
Though Grown Ups seemingly left nowhere to go but up, Grown Ups 2 speeds downhill in a hurry.
A few decent one-liners notwithstanding, the movie comes off as willfully uninspired ...
"Grown Ups 2" isn't offensive, unless you're offended by being asked to pay for tickets to a movie in which actors don't try very hard, but it's not very amusing, either.
It's like watching your parents do pratfalls or, even worse, make out.
sandler, noun. A person so indifferent toward your moviegoing experience that he seems to go out of his selfish way to decrease your enjoyment.
Among the slackest, laziest, least movie-like movies released by a major studio in the last decade, "Grown Ups 2" is perhaps the closest Hollywood has yet come to making "Ow! My Balls!" seem like a plausible future project.
A phoned-in ode to lazy comedy and staggering stupidity.
Yes, it's time for another visit to the Adam Sandler Death-of-Cinema Fun Factory, the big-screen version of a terrible sitcom where laugh tracks are replaced by the co-stars chuckling at their own awful material.
Throughout, gags are cartoonishly broad and afforded so little time for setup and delivery we seem to be watching less a story than a catalog of tossed-out material.
Almost aggressively more of the same. If you hated the last one, you'll be in misery all over again. If you took to the predecessor, you'll find this one a fitting continuation.
The most horrifying depiction of inhuman behavior since That's My Boy. Or maybe Jack & Jill. Or maybe Blue Velvet.
Another lowbrow make-work project for Sandler's jock cronies, SNL has-been hangers-on and Dan Patrick.

@highlight

While it's almost certainly the movie event of the year for filmgoers passionate about deer urine humor, Grown Ups 2 will bore, annoy, and disgust audiences of nearly every other persuasion.