Urban terrorism inspired by Robin Hood.
A gripping, thought-provoking film that works as both a thriller and a social document.
British director Robert Stone takes a dispassionate look at this circus, and his retelling of events makes the situation more complicated than I remembered.
The footage is astonishing, revealing the events of 30 years ago and some scary truths about where the world is today.
A mostly compelling and exceedingly fair-minded look back at the case.
Fine as far as it goes -- a worthy lesson in counter-culture history and the rise of media hysteria.
Younger audiences will receive the kind of modern-history lesson that's never taught in school.
Guerrilla is so dull that it almost makes you wonder what was all the fuss about the Symbionese Liberation Army.
Sometimes a documentary is only as good as the interviews the filmmaker gets. ... [and] those who could provide insight to Hearst's ordeal are either dead or not talking.
To misquote Buffalo Springfield, something was happening here; what it was ain't exactly clear.
Unlike the recent Weather Underground, which dealt with another group of '60s radicals and showed us where they are today, Guerrilla is content with the surface of this story.
A meticulous and often fascinating reconstruction of a chaotic time.
Demonstrates the tragic lengths that unhinged revolutionaries will go to when ordinary political change seems impossible to achieve.
The twists of the story are still gripping and director Robert Stone does a solid job of assembling the information for a moviegoing generation to whom the mid-'70s are ancient history.
A fascinating reminder of the level of political discontent in America during the early 1970s.
As an indicting work of journalism, it's very entertaining.
An engaging film, but it's a documentary and nothing more.
A case study in cultural analysis that aims at too much and achieves too little.
It's the death of radicalism (and the SLA's criminality, sure) that's being documented in this gripping, fascinating film.
A stunningly bizarre, stranger-than-fiction tale of the stumbling of a revolution and the semi-automatic transformation of a princess.
A compelling piece of press criticism as it probes the media as terror's conduit of choice, spreading message and validating violence in the 1970s and today.
It's like watching a movie about Bonnie and Clyde that fails to mention the Depression.
A flawed yet still worthwhile record of a turbulent and divisive period in recent American history.
In retrospect the group's story is a painful example of the warped idealism of the radical left and its fateful romance with violence.
Uses rare news footage and exclusive interviews to illuminate one of the biggest stories of the 1970s.
Gives a fascinating and alarming taste of how a 1974 kidnapping that now seems quaint has morphed into the monstrous terrorist tactic it is today.
An in-depth look at the SLA, full of an impressive amount of historical footage and interviews with former members, journalists and other observers.
A must-see account that casts a harshly illuminating light on a key period of recent American history.
Guerrilla, though a bit less seamless than similar docs such as The Weather Underground, is an absorbing glimpse of some rather strange American history.
fascinating stuff from start to finish
Interviews with two former SLA members provide this recounting with much-needed depth.
One of the things the film captures most astutely is the beginnings of the American media frenzy that has become a staple of the news cycle.
Stone lets it all play for the theater of the absurd that it is, the last, dying gasp of '60s activism, taken to ridiculous, misguided extremes.
'As powerful and effective as Owen Morris' The Fog of War'
A sobering account of a chaotic two-year period.
A searching, questioning, purposefully irresolute investigation of the way that a country founded on revolutionary ideals transformed, in just over 200 years, to one in which it is nearly impossible to trump the status quo.
A gripping documentary that uses voluminous period evidence ... to brilliantly reconstruct the entire freak event.
The great achievement of Guerrilla: The Taking of Patty Hearst, besides its unearthing of gripping archival material and its groundbreaking new interviews, is its insistence on context rather than sensationalism.
Guerilla is a fascinating and cleanly delineated compendium of outrageous footage.
A riveting account of this demented and scarcely believable American story.
A fascinating trip down memory lane.






@highlight

Guerilla is a riveting documentary that chronicles in enlightening fashion the 1974 kidnapping of heiress Patty Hearst.