Is the joke that this movie is wildly unfunny? And feels nothing like a movie? Just one endless sketch? Or is the joke that I shamelessly watched two hours of a bad movie because it stars a kitten?
[Key & Peele] stay true to form: spoofing stereotypes, changing attitudes and generally keeping the audience off-balance with unexpected references.
If you're into ridiculous humor, non-sensical-over-the-top violence and surer cute kittens, you should probably go see it.
Keanu is chuckle-out-loud-funny for the majority of the film. Key and Peele come hard with their first big screen story. Keanu is funny and fresh, if slightly formulaic, buddy action comedy.
Keanu is a hilarious piece of original work from the minds of Key and Peele
The movie, directed by yet another Key & Peele alum, Peter Atencio, is at its best during action scenes, or any time the camera cuts to Keanu...
With the right mix of action-thriller skewering and social/cultural digs, Key and Peele just might rescue the genre spoof from itself.
To force a bad cat metaphor, Keanu feels like a ball of yarn that Key and Peele were content to just keep batting in the air without unraveling.
Keanu is better than what a lot of veteran Saturday Night Live comics have brought to the big screen, no small feat.
"Keanu," about two cousins searching for a stolen kitten, flows like a 1980s buddy comedy with frequent references to Keegan-Michael Key's and Jordan Peele's sketch comedy show.
The plot can seem a little thin in places, and the driving conceit is pretty silly. Fortunately, Key and Peele play off of each other so well that the film never totally goes flat, even when the plot seems forced.
As endearing and funny as Keanu can be, it feels like a Key & Peele sketch that's stretched out to a full-length film.
Keanu seems like exactly the kind of story a comedian would write after watching John Wick while stoned.
Side-splitting stuff from Key and Peele, and little Keanu's a star. But the finale is by no means purr-fect.
Keanu is an amiable shaggy-cat story with just enough bite to get laughs.
Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele make a sublime comedy team in their new film, Keanu.
Keanu is a smart and brutally funny movie that utilizes the universal love for pets to pluck at heartstrings without turning saccharine.
Flawless timing and otherworldly chemistry can paper over a lot sins in a comedy, and Key and Peele have both of those qualities to spare.
An over the top hit and miss of gags upon gags within an urban crime story that fails as both tribute and spoof.
Walk in the theater not expecting much. Walk out charmed and happy. Key & Peele will have that kind of affect on you.
Even if this movie is basically just engaging nonsense with a lot of heart, its darker edges tell another story.
Keanu is much like the ravenous cat loving Internet audience that one assumes is going to eat this up. Once it's done, if it wasn't in your iTunes rental receipts you may forget it altogether.
Keanu is funny, oftentimes achingly so, watching Key transform himself from George Michael-loving suburbanite into a tough-talking thug a royal hoot that gets more and more hysterical as things move along.
This big-screen venture from the comedy team of Key and Peele might have worked better as a sketch on their eponymous television show than it does at feature length.
Abbott and Costello. Laurel and Hardy. Martin and Lewis. Cheech and Chong. Just four of some of the most popular comedy teams that went on to success on the big screen. Time to add a new team to the list: Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele...
Keanu aims low for its attempts at humor, but even then it fails to hit its mark almost all of the time.
Even though they're virtual unknowns in the UK, they're appealing enough to elevate this beyond being just another wacky stoner comedy.
As an adult action-comedy spoof, Keanu does intermittently cut it. And the kitten is really, really cute.
The central joke, that even the most ruthless underworld drug wholesalers are putty in the paws of an adorably cute kitten, is a good one, but it's not enough to sustain an entire movie.
With such a cute cat and such a quirky screenplay, the film seems destined for some kind of cult status.
[An] excellent cast papers over some of the film's obvious deficiencies.
Keanu is cool and breezy enough to live up to its title amply.
You probably have to make a fan-following investment in their career to like it.
Key and Peele's unbeatable comic chemistry will have you giggling throughout. And the kitten is a proper star in the making.
An infectious, sweet and often funny movie that will manage to raise a wry smile despite its flaws.
An infectious, sweet and often funny movie that will manage to raise a wry smile despite its flaws.
If some of the jokes drag a little (the jibes at Clarence's George Michael fixation go on way too long), it's hard to complain when there are so many funny flights of fancy.
Can still feel like sketch-work stretched and splayed too far, though the sheer, dogged commitment of both men to this material (written by Peele and series-writer Alex Rubens) makes for enough laughs.
A lot less inspired that you'd think it would be, though, yes, the cat is cute.
You'd think (this) ridiculous comedy might be all about the laughs. And although there are many to be had, you'd be wrong. It's about the human inability to resist irrepressible cuteness.
Hilarious and heartfelt, this comedy effectively balances its ludicrous plot with its tremendous affection for the title character.
Repetitive enough to become tiresome but stopping short of being actively irritating, Keanu ultimately runs out of steam and inspiration
Their anything-for-a-laugh method benefits from good comic instincts, and the gags come so fast that the duds are swamped by the frequent laugh-out-loud moments.
The affection between its writer-stars is infectious and the script is loaded with great gags.
The laughs are not a constant but there are enough to make "Keanu" a good bit of fun.
A purr-fect transition from Comedy Central to the big screen.
Keanu is a solid first feature effort from Key and Peele.
The film is ultimately about more than a kitty. It's about the lengths people are willing to go for friends. It's the best kind of comedy -- humor with heart.
certainly lacks the subversive panache and consistent hilarity of their short-form sketch comedy, but Key and Peele's chemistry is strong enough to see it through
It's not visionary as advertised, but roundly competent -- and I'm afraid that's rare enough.
An extended, subtly absurdist sketch, purring with subversive satire...
Key and Peele have the power to transform whatever we might deem inherently bad, weird, or annoying, and reveal it as a thing of beauty.
Silly and fun.
"Keanu" delivers laughs and sly social commentary with plenty of room set aside for kitten-cuteness from the title character.
Keanu just wants to give you a fun night at the movies, and it succeeds at that admirable task. But Key and Peele aimed so much higher on their TV show that it's not hard to want to see them rewrite the rules of film comedy, too.
That's irritainment!
There's a lot of busyness and action, but what we really crave is a little more time for paws.
Keanu may be a glorified feature-length Key and Peele skit, but it's also an entertaining and thematically-layered action/comedy parody.
The movie-homage calendar is uproarious and should be sold in stores.
A sweet, good-natured movie whose shortcomings are screamingly obvious, underlined throughout by the same likability that sustains it.
Funnier and cleverer in concept than in execution, with all the best cat gags spoiled in the previews.
As smart about identity politics as Dear White People and as amusing a spoof of Michael Bay movies as, well, Pain & Gain.
[Y]ou're going to laugh, and laugh a lot. Keanu has heart in the form of Peele and Key, and in form of a cute kitten worth all the trouble the two men endure to rescue him.
The scene-stealing charisma of that adorable title kitty makes up for a lot, especially in his do-rag and neck chains. I was much smitten by the kitten.
That brings us to the mind-bogglingly adorable feline. Whoever trained the seven cats that collectively play Keanu deserves an Academy Award.
Not bad for a first feature. And a mad-cute kitten. Help it make some money this weekend so they can all do it again.
Once you settle into Keanu, it works. And in many ways, it's of a piece with everything else Key and Peele have done.
As a five-minute sketch, Keanu would be amazing. As a 98-minute film? Not so much.
The most troubling things about Keanu are also the best things about it.
Is always a better film when the titular tabby is on the screen.
Keanu is heartily, sweetly, and often riotously enjoyable.
Part of the reason why it works so well is that you gradually realize there's something far more substantive going on, and that makes the bits that work hit even harder.
There are just enough laughs in watching the pastel-cotton-plaid-shirted, beige-windbreakered Key and the mint-velour-hoodied Peele try to pass for street to make this work more than not.
It's ridiculous, but in a really engaging way.
It's all engaging, if not consistently hilarious, and does land in an unexpected place.
The poster kitten gets a cameo!
Keanu is raucous enough to satisfy the Hangover crowd, yet when compared to Key and Peele's trenchant tomfoolery on television, it needs focused anger, funnier tension. Or perhaps simply more kitty cat.
Are there other ideas percolating beneath the surface, struggling for recognition beyond the ballyhoo and burlesque? Absolutely. That Keanu handles them subtlety may be its most masterful move.
It's a scattershot, intermittently brilliant full-length sketch that settles for easy targets, glossy imitation and a hollow moral core.
The joke wears out sooner than it should, but the stars of Keanu (including, yes, that terrific cat) do a decent job distracting from that.
Not an especially inspired effort, and not all that funny, but it does provide hope that one day, with stronger screenwriting, Peele and Key might create a devastatingly hilarious film.
Hilarious in the way you might expect from Key and Peele, but on a much larger and more grandiose level - a legitimately epic action comedy that is at once a send up of and love letter to the genre.
Unlike, say, old comedy movie teams of the past, Key and Peele aren't joined at the hip; both act in and write other projects for other people. But when they do their next movie together (yes please), let's hope it growls rather than just purrs.
Doesn't consistently deliver, but the highs make the lows worth enduring.
... Key and Peele are such a strong comedic duo that they're always able to seize control of the movie just when it seems to be slipping away from them.
Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele master the big screen as well as the small one. "Keanu" catapults them into the company of Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello, Lemmon and Matthau, and Pryor and Wilder.
Thanks to Key and Peele's top-notch comedic chemistry, the jokes are more hit than miss ...
There are none of the big laugh-out-loud moments one would expect from these two very talented and hilarious performers.
I'm loathe to report the movie doesn't stand up to their past work --- obviously it's much harder to be funny for 90 minutes than thirty.
"A thoroughly mediocre comedy that not only isn't up to the standard of the stars' TV work, but doesn't let them do most of what they're good at." (Splice Today)
The second best thing about "Keanu" is that it brings their partnership to the big screen more or less intact. The best thing, of course, is that kitten.
Key and Peele have an incredible knack at knowing just how far to push a joke and how long they can continue to poke and prod one target before they need to move on.
There's pleasure in the easy rapport between the leads, but as events take their course, it's a good thing that cat is cute.
Too thin of a premise to support scenes that run on for far too long and jokes that never really land.
...an almost passable comedic endeavor that wears out its welcome to an increasingly prominent degree...
I've heard complaints that the feature film debut from Comedy Central's Key and Peele is uneven, overlong and really just a cat video disguised as a movie. Yeah, maybe. But I laughed my ass off.
"Keanu" is a pure pop confection that delights even as it proves to be wildly uneven.
Stubbornly refusing to take flight, "Keanu" is a likable action-comedy that never figures out how to be hilarious. The difference between pulling off a deft sketch and delivering a satisfying feature-length film has rarely felt so enormous.
While "Keanu" does have some very funny sequences, I am so very sorry to report that, overall, this is a misfire. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sex, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
For moviegoers who haven't seen this brilliant duo before, this cinematic experience may be akin to catnip. And you thought cat videos were fun ...
Absurd enough to be funny and smart enough to make you feel guilt free at the end of the movie.
Key and Peele are sharp comic actors, and know exactly how to prick and push an audience into a realm of delightful discomfort.
The film is a one-joke comedy, but the joke is decent, and it helps that the actors know how to deliver it.
For those willing to go along with its goofiness and not think too hard, Keanu is a pleasant and frequently hilarious surprise.
It's effective both as a thank-you to loyal supporters after their five-season television partnership ended last year, and a love letter to the makers of New Jack City and 48 Hrs.
Satisfyingly ridiculous and consistently funny.
Keanu gets a lot of things right, and almost just as many things wrong. Still, there's absolutely enough here to make it worthwhile, especially if you're a Key and Peele fan.
It's a credit to the chemistry and charisma of Key and Peele that the movie works at all.
I just wanted to stand in front of a hotel in my red vest saying over and over, "How about them Keys and Peeles, though! How ABOUT them Keys and Peeles!"
What's astonishing is how the leads manage to keep the comic energy from flagging too much over the film's 100 minutes.
Key and Peele have such a sensationally giddy chemistry together that the film's raggedness plays, in their hands, like a kind of spontaneity.
The incongruity between their white-bread delivery and the bad guys' jive generates a few laughs, but not enough to salvage this thing.
[Key and Peele] have moved to the big screen with Keanu, which isn't a series of sketches but still, unfortunately, retains that same spirit.
If you're in the right mood and seeing it with the right crowd, "Keanu" can put you close to a giggle coma, even as you realize the material's far beneath the talents of its stars.
An enjoyable and often hilarious action-comedy that serves as the perfect showcase for Key and Peele's excellent onscreen chemistry.
Give that kitty an Oscar, right now. And then send him to my doorstep.
Keanu doesn't go far enough. Key & Peele was searing and incisive about race and American culture, and Keanu doesn't even scratch the surface.
As the genre machinery chugs along, the bang-bang begins to overwhelm the movie, and the underlying critique gives way to a what-me-worry shrug.
"Keanu" is a treat for die-hard film fans and those who just love the comedy of Key & Peele.
Maybe Keanu would have been stronger in the hands of a more experienced director, but Key and Peele know how to deliver the laughs and killer chemistry.
Yes, it's basically a really long "Key & Peele" sketch, but if you were a fan of that show, this will be welcome news - and if you weren't, well, "Keanu" is a reasonably good introduction ...
There's a 1990s New Line Cinema feel and that's the label the film was produced under.|
Even amidst the carnage and gunplay, the movie is rather sweet.
Key and Peele aren't mining territory they haven't already explored at length on their Comedy Central sketch show, nor do they do a whole lot to elaborate on it.
This scenario allows free rein for patented Key and Peele riffing on race, rap and drug stereotypes while also freestyling on pop-cult obsessions ...
The real surprise is not that the high-strung Key and grounded Peele have rapport - their sketches demonstrate that - but that it can be used to anchor a full-length comedy.
Pitched as a sort of film Hollywood struggles to make in an age of endless sequels and franchise-building, Keanu draws upon a deep well of satire and dry wit, exploring race and gender in ways most blockbusters avoid altogether.
Keanu is uproariously funny -- so much so that you might actually miss lines of dialogue due to the volume of laughter in the theater.
If you like gunfights, car chases, George Michael and kitty-cats, this is for you!
Keanu is proof positive that Key & Peele are one of the great contemporary comedy duos, even if the feature surrounding them is little more than a shaggy-cat story.
The comic momentum never quite grinds to a halt, and even if the occasional attempts at genuine pathos come up short, "Keanu" is still an entertaining extension of the "Key & Peele" aesthetic.
You're gonna be smitten kittens over Keanu.
You can't force comic chemistry, in case you hadn't noticed. You can, however, make the mistake of forcing your stars into settling for weaker material than they deserve.
At its best, "Keanu" is reminiscent of Woody Allen's early, funny films such as "Take the Money and Run" and "Bananas," which were also uneven but frequently hilarious.
Key & Peele delve into uncharted cat humor territory in 'Keanu'. The film swings from riotously funny to oddly dull in stretches, though it helps that the kitten is disgustingly cute.
Putting a tiny kitten in an action film sounds like a bonkers idea. That is, until you see the bizarrely wonderful sight of a tiny kitten in an action film.
It can be disappointing that they don't try out a new idea, or that they only somewhat build on what they've done before.
The contrast of the cutest creature ever seen against the bloody world of gangbangers is mostly clever juxtaposition.
Occasionally hilarious, usually thanks to Keegan Michael Key.
What matters is that 'Keanu' is funny - very, very funny - and it proves that Key & Peele can sustain a comic premise well over the duration of a five-minute sketch.
The jokes come fast and furious and range from willfully silly to loony spoofing and sharp satire.
Whenever Key and Peele misses a beat, the titular Keanu is always there bouncing into frame, dodging bullets, and winning the hearts of everyone involved in the caper.
It will delight the show's fans while winning over others unlucky enough never to have seen [Key & Peele].
A movie that's equal parts ridiculous, adorable, and laugh-out-loud funny.
A gut-busting, endearing, salty-sweet, and highly re-watchable comedy.
Keanu is a killer cinematic debut from the minds of Key And Peele, as they take to narrative storytelling with an equal balance of obscurity, hilarity, and kitten-snuggling cuteness.
Key & Peele's Keanu succeeds as both an action movie and a buddy comedy, and showcases an amazingly adorable cat.
I laughed hard enough while watching Keanu that I began to seriously worry about losing consciousness.
The fact that the minds behind it have shown themselves repeatedly to be capable of so much more, the response to Keanu can't be any more than disappointment.
There's crazy behavior and zany scenarios, but it's all backed by honest emotion, and that's a pairing you don't see in broad comedies very often. Keanu is the most adorable kidnapping movie.
By the time Clarence screams "wordness to the turdness", the humor has all but evaporated.
...a patchy mix between kidnapping crime comedy and glorified cat video.
Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele are beloved, and KEANU offers a 90-minute opportunity for us to bask in their charm while cooing over the world's tiniest and most adorable kitten. What's not to like here?
The trailer for "Keanu" not only epitomizes the movie's appeal; it highlights the parts that work.
An initially amusing but fatally overstretched action-comedy that marks a lamer-than-expected big-screen outing for Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele following the conclusion last year of their frequently brilliant cable series.


@highlight

Keanu 's absurd premise and compulsively watchable starring duo add up to an agreeably fast-paced comedy that hits more than enough targets to make up for the misses.