...a bitterly dark comedy whose aim is uncomfortably true.
Here, Williams has a chance to do some of the most integral, gentle and praiseworthy acting of his career.
... This voyage through the moral maze is more entertaining and whisper it quietly, more profound, than most.
Goldthwait has given it a title that will make some shy away. But don't. It's a comedy about the particularly American capacity to create legends out of the dead, and it's sharper than most.
Beware that poster, with its jolly red writing and Mork from Ork's face thereon. This is not the Robin Williams of Old Dogs and License To Wed.
A comedy of quite astonishing blackness.
Writer/director Bobcat Goldthwait can't quite manage to bring things to a satisfying conclusion, but he's good enough at weaving the freakishly perverse into the everyday without the results seeming too forced.
Goldthwait's pacing is uncertain, and his humour is frequently "off", but the sense of risky provocation is compelling.
We can't wait to see what Goldthwait does next.
It's good to see Williams trying something darker than usual, but it's a pity the whimsy is laid on so thick.
Sadly, the ending seems unsatisfying but the journey there is a funny one.
Williams keeps his head above water, and a giddy climax recuperates some of the original energy -- enough, at least, to make this director's next project one worth rooting for anew.
This film is bold and provocative, but it's weak at the core. It is the weakness of an old dog trying desperately to learn new tricks.
It's the most daring black comedy of the year, and I admire its willingness to be not only vicious, but downright un-American.
What threatens to be the World's Greatest Dud proves anything but.
The cinematography and some of the performances are not stellar, but Goldthwait's script is extraordinary, examining the choices we make between surviving and really living.
Odd, confident, challenging, and featuring a brilliant turn by Williams. If only there was just a little more to it.
A startlingly excellent dark comedy about the power of positive posthumous PR. One of 2010's must-see movies.
The bravest, smartest comedy of the year.
If creating cutting-edge comedy is about pushing boundaries then World's Greatest Dad comfortably fits the bill.
I loved the film's what-the-hell attitude to production values. The cinematography is no better than it should be, the sets are any place that will plug in a production cable. I loved the sourly but smartly inventive script.
While it won't be everyone's cuppa, it's a welcome return to form for Williams. If only someone could get him to sign that no-nudity clause...
A surprising, hilarious and thoroughly satisfying film, whose willingness to take risks makes it feel like a 'proper' indie film in a sea of pesudo-independent imitators.
It's almost too great a stretch to believe that Bobcat Goldthwait...could have become one of Hollywood's most interesting and daring writer/directors.
Goldthwait's script turns into a surprisingly restrained, focused sendup of the blind adulation often bestowed on flawed personalities once they croak too soon.
It's one of Williams' best performances.
Works for those who like a little black in their comedy
It's the kind of flick that makes you laugh and feel like maybe you shouldn't be chuckling quite so hard. Well you shouldn't, you sick bastard.
... more clever than smart, but very funny and Williams underplays the part nicely.
...an intriguing set-up that's generally employed to compelling effect by Goldthwait...
Pitch-black Robin Williams comedy too edgy for young teens.
Tonally erratic, but chock-full of interesting concepts.
Not a terrible movie about a Walter Mitty dad and a creepy son who kills himself through asphyxiation while jerking off. If you like dark comedy, you will like this. At least, it is more interesting than the latest commodity from Jude Apatow.
A mind-blowing shot of misanthropic, black-comic genius.
Hit-and-miss black comedy about getting your 15 minutes of fame. The first act is so overdone that you want to bail, but it all comes together by the time you reach the very predictable ending. Paul Chambers, CNN.
In the end everything comes out as mawkish as you would expect from a Robin Williams film.
A surprisingly sharp and cynical story about success, public image, and fame and is about both those who have it and those who don't.
It's hard to argue with Goldthwait's assertion that society's search for spokesmen leads to false prophets, but it feels like an observation well-made many times over in the '90s, at the height of anti-celebrity culture.
...bravely acted (especially by Robin Williams, who's much better in roles like these than when he's called on to be "funny") and invigoratingly dark.
For fans of perversely dark comedy, World's Greatest Dad is a treasure trove of morbid sarcasm and gleeful malevolence.
Sly and Subtle. Not Bad for the Guy from the Police Academy films.
I'm not going to talk about the twist that happens 40 minutes into the film. You can probably find other critics who will try and kill the twist for you, but not me.
A pitch-black dark comedy that certainly won't be for everyone- but if you can stomach it, it's the most outrageous and audacious film of the season.
Too enamored of its cleverness... but unusual and worth seeing...
Offering Robin Williams his richest role in memory while serving up a nice cold bowl of shock soup for the audience, World's Greatest Dad is a surprisingly smart and severely twisted dark comedy from comic Bobcat Goldthwait.
This is the sort of movie that sends me to the keyboard to topple negative expectations, praise the participants, and hopefully drive up their box office a little.
World's Greatest Dad is twisted, dark and uncomfortable to watch, but it finds a strikingly original brand of humanity in the final reel.
Making Kyle godawful may seem edgy, even authentic. But it's pure setup.
With his delicate mix of sick humor and compassion, Goldthwait is that rare comic writer who can legitimately be compared to Lenny Bruce.
The ironically titled World's Greatest Dad is one sick movie. That's a compliment.
There is no limit to this pic's tastelessness, but there's a heart here, too.
Bobcat Goldthwait has established himself as a unique, if not prolific, voice in filmmaking.
An amusing, cynical black comedy about our national addiction to tragedy, and our commoditization of grief...
This is like the Todd Solondz or Alexander Payne version of a Robin Williams father-son comedy.
Goldthwait's movie tries so desperately to be edgy that it's hard not to laugh at it.
...Williams delivers a scarily plausible portrait of a sad sack whose need for success is so great he doesn't hesitate to exploit his son's death...
There's more going on here than the age-old struggle between maturity and its surly teen antithesis.
Who could have guessed that a cat named Bobcat could write a screenplay or direct a film as refreshingly sensitive as this one?
World's Greatest Dad ultimately offers some ironic amusement but wallows too long in the sins of its father.
Clever, entertaining, and very, very dark, World's Greatest Dad is unlike any comedy that you've seen this year and, for that fact alone, deserves some attention.
The movie essentially relies on the same joke being told over and over. But Goldthwait finds enough clever ways into that joke to make it seem fresh, and he makes you curious to see how far he's willing to push it.
World's Greatest Dad is Ferris Bueller's Day Off %u2026 with autoerotic asphyxiation.
Best when it tries to be dark, but it takes too long to get there.
Brilliantly cynical in dealing with grief as a fashion statement... exposing the vanity of mourning in public and our often absurd sanctification of the dead.
A dreary and bizarre drama filled with cynicism and darkness.
Ultimately, Dad finds a somewhat unsatisfying and overblown way out of [its] intriguing ambivalence. But that's the only disappointing note in an otherwise smart and observant movie about reckless acts of adult survival.
As a filmmaker seeking to master the art of satire without cynicism, Bobcat Goldthwait might be one sick puppy -- but he's also the sweetest one we've got.
For a comedy about autoerotic asphyxiation, epic deception, and shameless exploitation, World's Greatest Dad is a surprisingly sweet and tender affair.
At times, the film recalls some amalgam of Heathers' and Election,' but its talons don't draw the same blood.
Williams, with a brave smile that belies the toxic environment, emerges with a trophy as one of Hollywood's greatest survivors.
What begins as a hilarious and even poignant look at the rift between adults and teenagers is totally undone by its ending.
Bobcat Goldthwait makes a daring assault in World's Greatest Dad against our yearning to mythologize the dead. But he loses his nerve just before the earth is completely scorched.
For all of its cutting cynicism, Dad proves unexpectedly moving in its portrait of a middle-aged man leaving childish things behind.
Though hampered by an uneven tone and a disturbing conclusion, World's Greatest Dad is a bold, black comedy balanced by an unexpected sense of humanity.
The film works best for a simple reason: the depth of feeling Goldthwait and Williams pour into the story of the coming of age of a middle-aged man.
World's Greatest Dad, Bobcat Goldthwait's latest garishly potty-mouthed and over-the-top black comedy, blows up every rule of taste, good cinema, and common sense, and somehow gets away with it.
Overturns clichés of hypocritical sanctimony with surprising laughs. Bobcat Goldthwait may be the most unique filmmaking sensibility since Albert Brooks.
Unpredictable and mildly engaging with decent performances, but suffers from an uneven balance of dark comedy, drama and satire with too much awkwardness and not enough bite.
When Bobcat Goldthwait writes and directs a feature film, we should probably expect something a little... different. And -- *whew* -- that's what this pitch-black comedy offers.
Once the movie shifts gears, it becomes a timid Donnie Darko-like surrealist fable.
At 99 minutes, World's Greatest Dad is a tad too long, and takes its sweet time to get to the point. But its twisted heart is in the right place.
Flashes of deadpan outrageousness occasionally redeem the dourness.
World's Greatest Dad is a twisted comedy that refuses to let any assumption rest in peace -- including the one that every dearly departed is really dear at all.
A strange and wonderful new indie from director Bobcat Goldthwait.
An exceedingly risky black comedy with enough seriousness around the edges to suggest that there just might be a real artist yearning to break out of the one-time Police Academy star.
In this Hollywood age of remakes, sequels and reboots, it's nice to know some filmmakers still have the intestinal fortitude to go against the grain and create fresh and absorbing movies that take loads of chances. My hat's off to you, Bobcat Goldthwait.
With a merciless acuity this nihilistic comedy ridicules collective grief and the news media's cynical marketing of inspirational uplift after a death.
There's a twinkle of hope lurking behind the dark misery of World's Greatest Dad
The movie isn't perfect -- it suffers from an uneven tone in the first half-hour, but it claims the one key ingredient a satire of this nature must possess: fearlessness.
World's Greatest Dad makes sharp but obvious observations about the social strata of an American high school.
Part of what World's Greatest Dad gets very right is the sadly, sickly funny desperation that adolescence and middle age so often have in common.
Jet-black comedy from the writer-director of Sleeping Dogs with a terrific performance from Robin Williams and a sharply observed script that's both thought-provoking and darkly funny.
A very odd black comedy.
Goldthwait's direction is superbly subtle, and the movie plays out, scene by scene, in such a sweet, innocuous way that you might not even realize until it's over just how dark it really gets.
[A] savagely funny, unexpectedly touching exploration of the human need to idealize and romanticize the dead.
Goldthwait takes a double pronged approach to the concept of celebrity death - and who knew how timely his subject would become - by looking at how society leaps to put those who die unexpectedly on a pedestal while their inner circles seek to profit.
Though it suffers some stumbles along the way and definitely chickens out in the end, for much of the running-time it's a deliciously deadpan satire on the cults that grow up around dead celebrities.
Even at its sharpest, though, the movie never really takes off
World's Greatest Dad is a dark film, but it retains a likability factor from a very unexpected source: Robin Williams.
World's Greatest Dad crushes a boldly funny concept with inert and bloodless filmmaking.
Lands improbably on its feet after every reckless plot turn.
Robin Williams' best work since his psycho double-dip in 2002 with Insomnia and One Hour Photo and that's paired with Goldthwait's finest outing as both a writer and director.
I have some shocking news to announce: Bobcat Goldthwait has made a really, really good movie. Need a second to gather yourself? Go ahead, take a few.
To a greater extent than Sleeping Dogs Lie, it clumsily straddles the line between comedy and drama, its story neither outrageous enough to be funny nor substantial enough to be moving.
Goldthwait's great visual pun is that Kyle's gawky class picture is increasingly backlit and screen-printed until he's no longer an acne-ed geek but a beatific Che Guevara
It's a double miracle: a stupendous comedy and a great argument for mass sterilization.
To call "World's Greatest Dad" a cynical and mean-spirited black comedy would be giving far too much credit to a sad piece of exploitation cinema that barely manages to spit out its theme that most people are idiot leeches attempting to leverage a meaning
It's definitely got something special to it.
I think Goldthwait wrote a terrific script here and I think it manages to stay funny after it takes its rather dark turn.
The movie takes a little longer than necessary arriving at the inevitable, somewhat hokey ending, but it's pretty funny along the way.
Sleeping Dogs Lie -- a/k/a "the dog blowjob rom-com" -- planted the seed (OK, wrong choice of words) that Goldthwait wrings tender humanity from disturbing premises, but his scandalously entertaining new satire proves a darker, funnier success.
Williams gets laughs from his character's slow implosion: even when things go well for Lance, the potential for humiliation is written all over his face.
An amazing work of dark, dark genius.
A truly strange comedy that actually has a message hidden beneath its colorfully tacky exterior. Admirably twisted, too.



@highlight

World's Greatest Dad is a risky, deadpan, dark comedy that effectively explores the nature of posthumous cults of celebrity.