In many ways, this is better than the original.
...a passable yet forgettable action extravaganza.
OK as a WWE grudge match, but not as a movie.
Dwayne Johnson scores another fun action adventure with competent acting, great fights, and good direction.
Like the hicksploitation genre from which it was spawned, Walking Tall is long on violence and short on police procedure.
It is not quite violent, drunken, or naked enough to be as trashily entertaining as the Patrick Swayze cult favorite Roadhouse.
The Rock does Billy Jack, and the director catches an early flight home.
Walking Tall, at the very least, can turn in its claim ticket as the silliest movie of the new year.
...silly without any genuine humor.
It's not a mammoth of filmmaking, that much is true, but The Rock proves he knows what he's doing and crafts a genuinely entertaining hero.
Although morally dubious and unpleasantly brutal, Kevin Bray's film is a decent enough showcase for its leading man's low-key charm and bone-crunching machismo.
The Rock's fans may buy anything he's in, but he's already shown that he's better than this type of material.
O roteiro apresenta diversos defeitos que provavelmente só foram agravados pelo fato de nada menos do que cinco roteiristas terem feito suas revisões particulares.
There are movies of uncomplicated simian enjoyment and there's Walking Tall, in which a stirring courtroom defense culminates with the dramatic ripping open of a shirt.
It's not a bad story at all, but the filmmakers strip it of any meaning or purpose. The film is merely a series of set-piece montages.
This contemporary remake of the 1973 grassroots classic retains and updates the basic plot points while losing much of the original's heart and soul.
if it weren't for the thematic undercurrent favorably depicting fascism and summary justice as the solution to all of life's little problems, it would be laughable.
...so rote it doesn't just feel like a tired genre piece--the movie actually feels like it's aspiring to be a tired genre piece!
A passable action-revenge film.
A lot happens in this movie, but much of it is unexplained.
What makes it stand out is the fact that there's some subversive politics happening beyond the fighting that is refreshing.
Even if you're looking for a tall tale that appeals to your inner vigilante, my advice is to walk-or run-away.
Is this a dumb movie? Yes. Is it rich with character? No. But is it fun? Yes -- thanks to The Rock's Bam-Bam antics, agreeable demeanor, and natural screen abilities.
The Rock Walking Tall
The good news about The Rock-ized remake is that -- shorn of its preposterously overlong end credits -- it wastes a mere 75 minutes of your time.
The reason I can't recommend Walking Tall is that it fundamentally lacks a sense of outrage.
To actually spend money to see something like this in a theater defies all logic: It's the equivalent of using a $20 bill to create an origami elephant.
Hey, look - The Rock's in a drive-in movie!
Why keep the 'Walking Tall' brand name at all? The juke-joint mama doesn't even take a bullet beneath her beehive this time around.
Cheap, ludicrous, and sloppy.
An in-name-only remake of a moonshine classic that feels recycled from frame one.
Director Kevin Bray knows what his audience wants...they want their bad guys to be really bad, and their hot chicks (Ashley Scott) to be really hot.
... a real disappointment.
A morally specious revenge fantasy for viewers frustrated by their own feelings of impotence in the face of crime, unruly children, and so on...
The Rock, as if bidding for another appearance at the Republican National Convention, stars in this parable of neo-con justice.
Short on story, character, and attempts to win viewers' emotional investment, the film only seems to take a breath when The Rock is making the baddies lose theirs.
Does a fantastic job of maximizing "The Rock's" natural gifts, which lend themselves towards both physical and comedic heavy lifting.
Meanspirited, empty, pointless, and absurdly condescending.
The film is comprised of four violent action scenes tied together by nearly 50 minutes of alternately hilarious (unintentionally, of course) and dull filler.
The film promises vigilante payback, then delivers it without the kind of underlying moral outrage needed to put it across.
If you like guns and martial arts, then this is for you. If you want heavy drama, go somewhere else.
This is a classic example of a film assuming we will be on the side of its protagonist just BECAUSE he's the protagonist. In fact, he behaves like a big, dumb animal.
Granted how much fun the lead performers are to watch, one wishes they were appearing in a more substantial movie.
So generic it barely registers.
A savvy media star and self-incorporating product, The Rock embodies our own cynical moment, when the show is what matters.
Walking Tall actually underserves its star, who is better than schlocky material like this would lead you to believe.
One mediocre, ploddingly predictable film, loaded down with cheesy Hollywood tactics.
If The Rock weren't such a fundamentally genial screen presence, this short, stripped-down revenge drama might leave a sour aftertaste.
This revised Walking Tall has only kinetic energy going for it.
When the credits roll after the climactic beatdown, the story feels like it's missing an act.
A routine showcase, modest in its aspiration and effective within its limits, entertaining in the moment but, in the end, faintly silly.
The old Walking Tall was seen as having populist politics, along with such other rousers of its time ... Now those movies seem as dim as their politics, but the old cedar magic remains: an angry good guy smashes bad ones.
It isn't much of a movie -- the plotline has been whittled down to next to nothing -- but it's a terrific showcase for its formidable star.
A dull, drab and pointless rehash, Walking Tall ironically manages to diminish the Rock's stature as both a leading man and an action star.
Walking Tall is nothing great. It's also not bad -- fast-moving, efficient, with plenty of surface energy, if you don't care about The Rock's Ashcroftian disregard for the rights of evildoers.
A big step backward for The Scorpion King.
It's certainly a busy little movie, although none of it makes much sense.
Exciting stuff in its primitive, predictable way.
Has none of the social edge that made the Vietnam-era film the pride of the hixploitation genre.
Yes, it's all astoundingly dumb. But it's also surprisingly effective, largely due to Johnson, a charismatic, likable screen presence who displays none of the arrogance and vanity of a Vin Diesel or Steven Seagal.
At a too-short 86 minutes, the remake sacrifices exposition and coherence in the name of action. But when the action is lame, what's the freaking point?
A muddled mess.
This remake of a classic piece of manipulative '70s cheese serves only to make the original revenge fantasy look like Fellini by comparison.
Walking Tall is absolutely terrible, dumb beyond fun, truncated, ludicrous and completely disconnected from reality.
With at least two or three plot threads left dangling, the film sprints to a climax that is undercut by its abruptness.
You don't exactly expect brilliance from a remake of a '70s action thriller, especially when the remake stars a professional wrestler. But Walking Tall still manages to exceed any and all expectations regarding its dumbness.
The original Walking Tall was about the triumph of an ordinary man over the forces of evil. Near as I could tell, this one's about the triumph of The Rock.
Does have its fair share of fun.
A cartoon of retribution and revenge.
Monotonously by-the-numbers.
It's yet another dumb-as-dirt revenge story, in which the basic rules of government -- and plain horse sense -- have been repealed.
[The Rock] may be ready to rumble, but Walking Tall is a stumble.
Walking Tall doesn't measure up. Hopefully, next time The Rock will pick a role that stretches more than his biceps.
I clapped, too, under the momentary hope that The Rock might somehow be able to reach through the screen and slam me over the head, thus ending my misery.
Walking Tall's one-note vigilante action won't serve The Rock's star ambitions.
...could have used more intelligent storytelling and less wrestlemania; it reeks of SmackDown!, but it never fully exploits its champ, The Rock.
The Rock is walking tall as a premier action star.
The Rock walks softly and carries a big stick (to WHOMP on some bad guys)...If it wasn't for The Rock, Walking Tall would be very run of the mill
Each successive cliche is dutifully checked off the list, but done so crisply and with a minimum of extraneous stupidity.
[A]ll about vigilantism being Okay as long as you really, really know you're right and there's no one bigger than you around to stop you...
Goes to hell in its second half, getting bogged down in cop movie nonsense and a stunningly retarded romantic subplot.
Remake of the '70s vigilante smash is a low-grade meat-and-potatoes action flick with The Rock and Johnny Knoxville providing a little gravy.
It's the kind of film that earns points just for not falling into the hands of Vin Diesel.
Only exhilarating if you're at such a low point in the human scale of existence that the exploits of a wrestler playing an insane cop speaks to some deep well of disquiet.
If the movie has one virtue, it's a kind of surface vitality that results from director Kevin Bray's speed-at- all-costs approach.
Don't go in expecting much and you'll have fun.
Knoxville brings on the humor, the fight scenes are brutal enough to satisfy WWE fans, and the Rock is packing the charisma.
All in all, it's a journeyman's enterprise, directed without much imagination by Kevin Bray.
A lean, mean revenge picture that works on a purely visceral level.
Look, I absolutely dig The Rock, but he really needs to get away from these simplistic Vince McMahon-backed productions.
The original 1973 movie teetered on the brink of vigilantism. This remake produced by World Wrestling Entertainment unhesitatingly dives in with a triple gainer.
It s not exactly On the Waterfront and will not be contending for Oscars, but it does have some bite.
A fascist, sadistic piece of swill that endorses vigilantism.
There was a time when guys would grab a six-pack and watch this kind of flick at a drive-in. I mean that as a compliment.
To compare it to the original version is practically laughable. Even the names have changed (c'mon, man - Buford Pusser is, like, the Snake Plissken of the '70s!).
Solid but unremarkable.
Enjoy The Rock until he becomes governor.
Unlike so many of our recent action heroes, the Rock seems to be less about anger and revenge than about justice and self-discipline, a nuance that is also a saving grace.
The image of the Rock standing tall in the poster for Walking Tall, hefty piece of lumber delicately poised to decimate the ungodly, is powerful and persuasive. Too bad you can't say quite the same for the film.
Entertaining.
This is Vigilante Justice 101, made vaguely more palatable by the Rock's undeniable charisma.
Much like his career-launching appearance on SNL, The Rock towers above this highly uneven remake of the 1973 'hixploitation' classic.
As remakes go, Walking Tall exemplifies the dumbing down of stupidity.
The film is thankfully free of the nasty aftertaste that accompanied the Death Wish and Dirty Harry revenge fantasies of the '70s.
I know it's a movie, and sure, the bad guys are pretty brutal, but siccing this hulk of a man on the town, no matter what his intentions, doesn't spell justice to me.
What we have here is another fine example of the devolution of Hollywood.
Nothing more than an efficiently-manufactured piece of crowd-pleasing vicarious violence, but it does what it sets out to do, even if that isn't much.
Walking Tall works only because The Rock can carry it on his absurdly broad shoulders. Whether or not that's good enough to spend money on is up to you.
You won't be hungry for seconds by the time the last baddie hits the floor, but you won't be checking your watch repeatedly, either.
Cartoon mayhem that doesn't have the desperate vengeance to stir us up emotionally.
This Walking Tall loses in depth what it gains in star power.
Although all hell breaks loose in the last twenty minutes, the movie spends most of its time in Dullsville.
The miscast Rock never comes close to matching Joe Don Baker's sweaty, ungainly, force-of-nature hick heroism.
There are points to be made about the rapidly transforming cultural landscape, but painting them with Color-By-Numbers simplicity is neither entertaining nor interesting.
A ridiculous macho slugfest attempting to reassert the '80s-style roid-raging revenge narrative.
The Rock's charisma, good looks and all-around presence (& pecs) alone, make you want to root for him.
The cast acquits itself well, with the Rock evincing a quiet balance between humor and brawn.
This new version moves along at a good clip and provides a terrific action leading role for Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson.
It's a shame Bray didn't insist the writers cut out some of the extraneous plot and tie together the fight scenes a little better.

















@highlight

The Rock makes a competent hero, but the movie is content to let a 2x4 do all the talking.