... an unpleasantly insipid film. [Full review in Spanish]
If you're looking for an animation that is rife with pop culture references and riffs on fairytales; save yourself the agony and watch Shrek instead.
Surely too much money has been spent on the cast and the 3D rather than on fashioning an intelligent, funny script.
As with the wicked witch, there's something inherently untrustworthy, even slapdash, about this whole affair.
A modern fairy tale that will not have a happy ending for anyone paying to see it
If your little ones are clamoring for this then make them wait for cable.
Hoodwinked Too is a fun fractured fairy tale.
Woefully unsuitable for children with its decades-old nods to R-rated films, 'Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil' is a far cry from the much cleverer original.
Hoodwinked wasn't without its flaws, and while some of those have been corrected in its annoyingly titled sequel, Hoodwinked Too! finds new mistakes to make, ultimately failing to live up to its best ideas once again.
The film's ending sets things up for another sequel, and that worries me. Do you realize how many fairy tales can be Hoodwinked?!!!
What was mildly amusing and mildly successful in 2005 has degenerated into a needless fracas among random fairy-tale characters, who have all been herded into this single film like a flock of Little Bo-Peep's defenseless sheep.
A crazed, attention-deficit disordered blitz of one-liners that sees Red Riding Hood and the Big Bad Wolf chase evil fairy tale characters through a mad world in search of a secret truffle cake recipe.
Why doesn't the Wolf just devour Red Riding Hood and put us out of this misery?
An annoying, exceptionally unengaging ball of noise that lampoons broadly and poorly, Hoodwinked Too! is even more dispiriting than its narrative failings render it, insofar as it seems to evince no real reason to exist.
The overblown title and exclamation point suggests an entertainment of the most stupendous! fantastic! thrilling! kind. Hence the concept of 'hoodwinked.'
Just because it's better than the original, that doesn't make it good. It's still the lowest quality computer animation to hit the big screen and putting it in 3D for more cash is just mean.
As a fan of the original, I really wanted to like this one.
Apart from Hader and Poehler's hilariously overblown German accents as Hansel and Gretel, none of these actors seem to be having (or providing) much fun.
A lame, time-wasting absolutely unnecessary sequel.
The very nature of animation is to appear lively, and if that's the case, "Hoodwinked Too" fails at almost every turn.
Red, also known as Red Riding Hood, is back, but this time she's voiced by Weinstein Co. "It Girl" Hayden Panettiere ("Scream 4"), instead of the presumably more expensive Anne Hathaway.
Undemanding children may be distracted by it, but when you think of how easily youngsters can be distracted, that's not really saying very much, is it?
Somewhere during the first 30 minutes I actually felt my soul shrivel up and die. Trust me, you've had more entertaining colonoscopies.
... bristles with funny, rapid-fire, mock-hard-boiled dialogue ...
Penned by the people who did the original, Hoodwinked Too! does what the first film did not. It sustains the cleverness and creativity for a barely positive recommendation.
Full of manic momentum and nattering, witless word play, the movie has all the charm of a mudslide.
Once upon a time there was a substandard CGI secret-agent spoof with fairy-tale characters spouting unfunny dialogue and shoehorned-in pop-culture references.
Fairy tale sequel has tired jokes, tedious references.
A trite, arch, frantic, condescending, vaguely racist and homophobic little bonbon of computer generated noise. It's more like an assault than a movie.
The 3D surcharge gets you not just a temporary pair of glasses but 11 minutes of end credits, to pad the film to its dubious 85-minute running time.
There are some nice 3-D swoops and drops, but the more vertiginous entertainment of the film is in the script, as what we think we know is deliciously turned inside out.
Remember the first "Hoodwinked," five years ago? Remember how it ended with the promise of a sequel? Remember how many times you've wondered when-oh-when-will-it-finally-come? Me neither.
Bland, derivative, and palpably low-rent in almost every conceivable facet.
The movie is mostly just a loosely connected batch of snarky jokes.
A flat, plodding and largely mirthless affair.
Parents should take their children to "Hoodwinked Too! Hood Vs. Evil," if only because kids are never too young to learn the important and liberating skill of walking out of a movie and demanding a refund.
"Hoodwinked" wasn't a bad movie, but it wasn't a smash hit, either, and the stash of spoofable fairy tales is now as empty as Old Mother Hubbard's cupboard.
By the time a list of "Happy Days" plot lines are recited, it's clear that even as a hipster goof, "Hoodwinked Too!" is as fresh as a day-old Muffin Man.
It's one thing to make a mediocre film that panders to children, but another to post-convert the entire thing into unnecessary 3D, twisting the knife even further.
While it seems there's no getting away from this marketing aesthetic, the resemblance at times to a video game is far, far too acute.
One would hope that Martin Scorsese and Brian De Palma are getting some kind of royalty from all the mediocre comedies and animated movies that keep ripping off their films.
This sequel is that rarity -- a film in which practically nothing works.
A pale copy is still a pale copy, even when it's in 3-D. That's the moral of the animated sequel "Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil."
If ever there was a movie that should have gone straight to video - or better yet, never have been made - this is it.
"Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil" is all-sugar rush, its potential to charm adults and their young charges routinely drowned out by a bigger/faster/jokier ethos.
Enough with the fractured fairy tales!
cold and overwrought
There's nothing especially noteworthy about Hoodwinked Too!
In which the animators ditch structural ambition in favor of straight-up action spoofery that's all freneticism and very little cleverness.
Sure, it's still bottom-drawer animation of the "Igor," "Fly Me to the Moon" and "Alpha & Omega" variety. And yeah, your kids can tell.
Kids have seen much better animation in other films, and it's hard to imagine too many grown-ups ready to smile and nod at yet more smirking takes on famous moments from Scarface and The Silence Of The Lambs.
...infantile humor, unrelenting wisecracks and popcult references, and flat characters who don't engage one's eyes or interest.
The only thing to admire is Anne Hathaway's decision to skip this cheap-o sequel. Hosting the Oscars offered a narrower risk of embarrassment.
"Hoodwinked Too," which runs an eternity-risking 85 minutes, plays like a jaded rehash of other pictures. And none of those other pictures, sadly, is the original "Hoodwinked."
The results are irreverent, fast, funky and funny. And hey, there may be a lesson or two in there for youngsters - especially girls - to pick up on along the way.
Quick as a flash and just as substantial, the sequel to 2005's Hoodwinked aims to one-up the fairy tale universe and cultural references of Shrek in one go.
Even with SNL's infinitely inventive Bill Hader and Amy Poehler in the H&G vocal roles, the movie can't be saved from its own vices of manic pacing and tediously pro forma pop culture jokes.
The jokes are as stale and dated as ever, making the second round a sleepy viewing event, despite the presence of a splashy 3D makeover to pinch a few more bucks out of paying customers.
Once upon a time, fairy tales were told with beauty, wit, simplicity and charm, a tradition that seems increasingly a thing of the past in Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil.
One feels sympathy for such classic, beloved characters constantly being refashioned for films beneath them. Red Riding Hood needs a better agent.
Yes, it's in 3D and no, it's not remotely as good as "Rio."
Marred by second-rate 3-D and the sort of cornball one-liners that even a fairy godmother couldn't love, it's a tolerance-testing tale that puts the grim in Grimm.
Hoodwinked is the way audiences will feel after this mercenary sequel.
One of the more depressing, desensitizing experiences I've had in a theater, Hoodwinked Too! Hood Vs. Evil feels as computer-generated as its creepy, talking-ceramic-toy style of animation.
Despite ample proof to the contrary, Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil was not written by the punaholic Carrie Bradshaw.

@highlight

It may add 3D to the original, but Hoodwinked Too! is missing the first installment's wit and refreshingly low-budget charm.