Although his gear-loose, party guy style fits the role, Brand's stamp on Arthur is good for some mild laughs but not much else.
Though it has fleeting funny moments, this Russell Brand vehicle is a sputtering Pinto that surprises more when it runs well than when it lurches to a stop.
Lacking the charm and humor of the original, this unfunny remake is completely unnecessary.
This feels manufactured, demographically calculated whimsy.
If there's anything worse than a watered-down, big-screen sitcom, it's a watered-down, big-screen sitcom that gets all socially responsible on us at the end
The Arthur remake seems to follow the recipe as best it can, but will leave viewers wishing they had just eaten at home. It has enough one liners to keep the movie moving along, but it lacks the heart and depth that Moore's charm brought to the role
So Russell Brand wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry...over this?
Slapstick dramedy fans will likely get some laughs out of the Arthur remake but the film is stuck in the same naïve adolescence as its titular character.
Gives Brand ample opportunity and excuse to trot out his wisecracking, chemically-addled man-child schtick in a sturdy and believable narrative context.
In this rehash of the 1981 smash - which featured fellow English comic Dudley Moore in the title role - Brand looks and sounds comparatively bland.
There is no real reason for this movie to exist, but with Brand's winning star turn, it's likable and its heart is in the right place.
Russell Brand's a funny guy. But he has real trouble when he tries to spread his dramatic wings into any moment that doesn't land on a punch line.
Mirren nearly saves the movie as much as Nolte's bizarre cameos nearly destroy it.
Maybe Russell Brand's lot in life is to play raging substance abusers who eventually are redeemed.
Whatever was inherently funny about the original film just doesn't work here.
One wonders why time and effort was put into this sorry wannabe, considering that maintaining the tone of the source material clearly wasn't of much interest to anyone.
The problem is that our soliloquising Cockney comic as the "world's only loveable billionaire" (as the poster has it) seems too much like a child stamping his feet, demanding that love.
If you're not wedded to Dud's trust fund drunk, there's no reason not to enjoy this sweet and affectionate retread.
Russell Brand steps into Dudley Moore's old shoes and finds an uncomfortable fit.
The movie is as hollow as his playboy lifestyle.
This rehash of the 1981 comedy seems particularly ill-timed, as it's no longer fun to laugh at irresponsible drunks, especially when they're billionaires
It's depressing to watch something that starts out with so much promise devolve into genre fodder.
Although it's about a quarter of an hour longer, Arthur is surprisingly faithful to the original and brings little of its own to the table.
This is far from a sophisticated movie but the simplicity of the story allows it to have a lot of fun playing with the outrageous characters and silly sight gags.
While far from terrible, I can't really say this one is all that good, either, and like spending a night out having one to many the only thing lasting about this new journey with Arthur Bach is the unhappy hangover one is left with the very next morning.
Go-nowhere remake is worse in every way
The screenplay would embarrass Mother Goose.
If you find the Brand brand toxic, you'll probably want to give his wasted wastrel a slap, but Brand's narcissistic self-absorption actually suits the character of Arthur very well.
It's stylishly shot, reasonably watchable, not particularly crude (see Your Highness instead if that's your wish) and doesn't star Jennifer Aniston in the kind of role with which she so often flatlines.
A refreshingly good-natured and gender-equal comedy.
In the current age of austerity, it's hard to think of a more unsympathetic starting point for a romantic hero than an infantilised billionaire boozehound who has never worked a day in his life.
A pitiable remake of the sloshed "classic" from 1981.
Arthur could have been a caring and heartfelt comedy, but the tone is mixed, and the narrative missteps on all the wrong notes.
The original Arthur was a pretty mirthless affair, but the crude remake starring Russell Brand is infinitely worse...
[P]ointless -- and frequently downright distasteful -- remake... Great Recession? What Great Recession?
The biggest sin is that Arthur, who was such a soulful, delightful, oddly life-affirming character when played by Dudley Moore, is here merely a boring drunk. Where's the fun in that?
Brand fan? You'll likely enjoy his antics. But Russellophobics would be better off seeking out the original.
Arthur was no great shakes first time around; this Brand-new version is a full-on stinker.
Everyone concerned must have realised that they were on the proverbial hiding to nothing.
On paper, the remake may have seemed like a good idea - not least given Brand's own womanising and substance abuse past - but the result is a charmless misfire that puts Brand's movie star ambitions into cold storage.
Arthur boasts some nice moments, most of them involving Mirren and Brand whose on screen rapport sustains interest through the 110 minute running time.
Arthur 2.0 may not be a great film - and Brand's shtick is admittedly starting to wear thin - but the film contains more laughs than most of the Hollywood product poured down our throats.
Far from irritate the hell out of you in this, surprisingly, Brand injects a new infectious fun feeling into Arthur.
Steve Gordon's 1981 screenplay won an Oscar nomination, but there's no danger of Peter Baynham's rewrite doing the same.
It's a cynical, profit-motivated exploitation of a warmly-regarded character; everything about the film - most ironically, Brand's thoroughly unlikable lead performance - feels calculated.
Russell Brand, the genuinely funny talent upon which this misbegotten remake is hung, brings his manic energy, but neither he nor Oscar-winner Helen Mirren can resurrect Arthur from a laugh-deficient fate.
All that's left for Brand fans is to put on the DVDs of his live shows to remember what a great comic he is.
Brand improvises his way out of duller spots, but while the man-child shtick is fine in small doses, stretched over a couple of hours, it gets rather trying.
Arthur is well-executed tomfoolery slapped on top of sentimental predictability.
Director Jason Winer maintains a sprightly comic pace, but the feeling persists that we've seen it all before - and with a great deal more charm.
Sometimes a remake is just an insult - to the original, to the audience.
Arthur is riddled with clichés, suffers from a trite - occasionally offensive - screenplay, and has flatter direction than any Russell Brand vehicle deserves. [But] I could watch [he] and ... Greta Gerwig flirt for hours on end.
A light-hearted but enjoyable remake thanks largely to Russell Brand's charismatic and larger-than-life onscreen persona.
I didn't find this film funny at all. Why does Russell Brand have to be Russell Brand in every film? Is he an actor or not?
It's hard to see how a remake of Arthur could possibly go wrong. Well, apart from the fact that Russell Brand isn't really likable and alcoholism isn't funny.
Brand may be an actor of limited talents, but he is funny and so is Arthur.
Much as I wanted to dislike this movie, I admit to laughing out loud a couple of times, chuckling at Mirren's dry delivery of some choice one-liners and being won over by Brand by the end.
Turns out to work surprisingly well, thanks to likeable comic performances and a script that's at least consistently amusing, if never laugh-out-loud funny.
The dire script is from Peter Baynham - of Alan Partridge, Brass Eye and Jam. I can't believe he wrote it. I mean I literally can't believe he wrote it - it has executive interventions written all over it.
Peter Baynham's script has some good throwaway lines, and Mirren's approximation of Gielgud is a nice touch...
A blander, more responsible 'Arthur' with far fewer laughs and, be warned, a painful update on the classic Burt Bacharach title tune over the end credits.
Back in 1981 Dudley Moore won an Oscar nod for Arthur. It's safe to say, Russell Brand will not.
Although meant as mere entertainment, Arthur has some points to make about the cleansing power of love and its opposite, the destructive power of its absence.
The humour doesn't always fire, but overall the film has its charms - and a sweet innocence. The fact that Russell Brand is irritating works in his favour
Enjoyably sweet, and the third act kicks you square in the emotion-goolies.
The laughs come from the ever-dependable Mirren who can do one-liners with the best of 'em (and anything else she cares to with aplomb to the max).
A thin, insipid and oddly flavourless brew. Drink it responsibly. Better yet, don't drink it at all.
Hollywood in 2011, completely unwilling to make films based on anyone but Christopher Nolan's fresh ideas, goes back to the bar and tries to make that lightning strike twice, 30 years after it luckily struck at all. Guess how it all turned out?
So much has changed in 30 years. The theme of 'Arthur,' which is a remake of the Dudley Moore vehicle in which he played a lovable drunk, is not that drunks are lovable. It's that drunks have a problem.
It's still the same old contrived Hollywood formula, and it's not a particularly good version of it, but Brand and Mirren have fun throughout.
Where to begin counting the misdemeanors of this miserable, soulless travesty?
If this version fails, it's at least partially because it's been sent on the cinematic equivalent of a suicide mission.
Fluffy though it might be, "Arthur" is a heartwarming comedy. That's certainly more than you can say for the typical Hollywood romcom.
It feels clunky.
The best that can be said is that the results are pleasant -- no, not even that. They're not unpleasant, and that's not the same thing.
Brand makes Dudley Moore's performance look like pure genius - and it wasn't.
Ugh, Arthur is everything that's wrong with remakes wrapped up in a one hundred minute package.
It comes down to this: how much Russell Brand can you stomach?
...a perfectly respectable remake that is too often foiled by its reliance on hackneyed elements...
Russell Brand gives a career-killing performance.
I hate to say it, but Russell Brand enacted a similar bad-boy-reforms arc last year in Get Him to the Greek, and he was funnier there.
It's amazing how a lifeless, pointless remake can provoke pangs of nostalgia about a mediocre movie. Such is the case with Arthur.
Russell buys Abe Lincoln's stovepipe hat and wears it for the rest of this movie despite numerous autograph seekers requesting the guitar licks from Welcome to the Jungle.
Abysmal...a serious miscalculation.
An ill-advised remake of the 1981 classic romantic comedy co-starring Dudley Moore and Liza Minelli
Floundering and unfunny, somewhere between the moon and New York City, it lost its charm.
...a major disappointment, there are more laughs in the two-minute trailer than there are in the 110 minute movie, and what's funny in the trailer isn't funny in the movie.
It's not that Russell Brand has been wholly miscast as the titular character in the remake of Arthur, rather it's that he's been given too much space in which to work
A minor guilty pleasure, a freewheeling comedy that offers a fair number of laughs for those who haven't yet grown tired of Russell Brand (a rapidly shrinking demographic, admittedly).
Not even the great Helen Mirren can calibrate with Brand's clowning. ...This is drab hackwork. And it's not just because Charlie Sheen dwarfs Arthur's childish antics
A strained Russell Brand is not a funny Russell Brand.
I enjoy a frivolous film every so often, especially with a talented nutcase like Brand and a terrific actress like Mirren.
A contrived, silly mess with an irritating performance by Russell Brand. Greta Gerwig and Helen Mirren shine, though.
If you're a Russell Brand fan, "Arthur" has enough going for it in the way of moderate amusement that it's worth seeing.
[An] innocuous, blandly therapeutic remake of a comedy that wasn't exactly edgy to begin with.
I don't buy the notion that this is all a lavish fantasy to cheer us in troubled times. It's too clueless and condescending for that.
The new, not so improved Arthur drinks less but still brings the funny.
Arthur may not be much of a movie but Russell Brand is one heck of an Arthur.
How you react to Arthur will largely depend on your expectations. If you've never seen, or heard of, the 1981 movie Arthur you might find the new movie of the same name fairly...
It's a sardonic screenplay filled with juvenile characters, and the whole thing doesn't mesh.
Apparently, somebody thought it was time for a remake. Clearly, somebody was dead wrong.
In light of the deplorable track record for Hollywood remakes, "Arthur" is actually a fairly serviceable return to the genially funny traits of the original and borrows some of its best moments.
It would be impossible to top the original "Arthur" but this modern version is a consistently funny and sweet if not overly inspired remake.
The problem with Arthur is far more about concept than execution.
A couple of friends who've recently seen the original Arthur say it doesn't hold up. In spite of great acting, the remake doesn't either.
Take off the beer goggles if you think Arthur was a classic. Put them back on if you plan on seeing the needless remake.
Gerwig doesn't single-handedly save the movie but she does seem to have a calming influence on those around her, bringing out the best particularly in Brand and Mirren.
Remake of classic romcom has little punch, lots of alcohol.
Absolutely awful for about the first 15 minutes; eventually, it rights itself and becomes quite fine; then it collapses during a protracted final act...
A listless and largely laugh-free endeavor that not only fails to hold a candle to the original but which goes down in history as one of the few comedies to pale in comparison to "Arthur 2."
Brand's version resembles a mashup of the Addams Family's Lurch and Beetlejuice's not-quite-dead English cousin.
Couldn't that billionaire Arthur afford to treat us to a better show?
There was no need to remake the original "Arthur," its arrival is ill-timed, Russell Brand should never have been cast, and it never should have gone into production with a script this bad.
An unappealing recycling of the 1981 romantic comedy.
It's difficult to believe in Arthur, to root for his well-being after enduring 100 minutes of tepidly scripted buffoonery and shrill improvisation. Arthur doesn't need love, he needs a ball gag.
What could have been will haunt Russell Brand as Arthur likely receives some of the worst reviews of any film released this year.
Did Arthur need to be remade? The short answer is no but Brand does bring an entertaining charisma to a rather dull and average script. Catch a matinee!
Brand has a playful charm that wins us over, while co-star Gerwig is the girl next door who never lived next door to you (no matter how much you wish she did).
If you get caught between the moon and New York City -- or even just between two movies at the multiplex -- the best that you can do is skip this one.
Funny, sweet and romantic, it works.
This "Arthur" is missing a soul.
Was the lovable lush ever funny? I mean, honestly?
Russell Brand takes on a thankless task and earns at least some thanks.
Attempting to fill Dudley Moore's top hat in "Arthur," Russell Brand rapidly descends the rungs of the comedy ladder from "unfunny" to "irritating" to "vulgar" to the bottom one - "Andy Dick."
With a handful of solid laughs and a modicum of snappy dialogue, it's liable to amuse, if not overwhelm, an audience seeking casual, forgettable entertainment.
...an utterly disposable remake that will be cycled through its theatrical release, then DVD, then pay-per-view, then cable TV and then finally forgotten,
The film definitely fails to live up the original in many ways, but still contains enough surprises to pull itself out of the disaster it was headed toward.
The plot is entirely predictable even if you haven't seen the original movie, and Brand once again proves his complete lack of range.
Fans of the original can sneer all they want, but this is about as good as we could have hoped for.
I can honestly say that the loud whirring noise you're hearing may in fact be (original writer/director Steve) Gordon spinning in his grave.
It's possible that my lowered expectations for this remake played into the fact this Arthur actually worked for me.
Wretchedly unfunny stuff, and apologies should be issued post haste to any surviving member of the original's cast and crew and the families of those no longer with us.
"Arthur" might be the year's first summer movie, in the sense that if you're stuck in the house on a rainy day with a large group that extends from tweens to grandparents, you could definitely do worse.
The very idea of this movie suffers from a form of myopia that simply can't be overcome. And, of course, all would be forgiven, if only the thing were funny.
Paper and possibilities do not a movie make. I'm guessing even Christopher Cross is cross.
The problems of "Arthur" are mostly ones of scale. The set pieces are too big, and the movie becomes too labored.
A little Russell Brand goes a long way.
There are moments here that are genuinely funnier than the 1981 Dudley Moore original, but the movie as a whole is less cohesive and overly melodramatic.
There are so many reasons to dislike Arthur that it's hard to pick just one.
A tired story full of pratfalls, barn-broad gags, cartoonish stuffed shirts, and the exact same story beats you've seen in a million rom-coms, right down to the wedding-aisle confrontation.
Of the myriad things the new remake of Arthur gets wrong, missing Arthur's sadness may be the most damaging.
A pale, uninspired, unnecessary redux. Greta Gerwig, bless her, floats effortlessly into the film to almost single-handedly save the day.
Does what most bad remakes seem to do, dropping what's essential about the original, keeping what isn't, and wrapping it all up in a glossy, generic, heavily-promoted package.
It's pretty faithful to the original, which is to say that there's not much there other than a wispy and frequently drunken fairy tale.
Never have I needed a drink so badly.
It becomes drearily obvious that this movie was the result of nothing more than a "let's find a vehicle for Russell" meeting.
A funny thing happened on the way to this DVD review...
The most hysterical thing about the new Arthur is the instant wave of hatred it has drawn from the nation's 10 million movie reviewers.
Russell Brand fails to capture the appeal of Dudley Moore's mischievous drunken billionaire in this unnecessary remake of the 1981 comedy classic.
The last part of Arthur slogs under an unfortunate burden of sentiment and sincerity.
Throughout, Brand's Arthur looks ready for photo shoots, with his clear complexion, tailored suits, and neatly tended tresses. Moore often looked like his face was going to slide off his head.
"Arthur" is paced too slowly for a comedy. It's too flat to serve as a romantic diversion. And it's too light on relevant lessons for a redemption fable.
A flat but innocuous redo of an aggressively heartwarming film that hasn't aged well since its 1981 release. If you're not expecting much, it's not too bad. And if that sounds like faint praise, well ...
Brand can be funny in supporting parts. But he doesn't yet know how to command a front-and-center role, and Arthur groans with the effort from its first moments...
Only Mirren really delivers. Her depiction of Hobson's love for/exasperation with the errant Arthur provides the only genuine moments in this misfire.
Blobby and a bit of a mess but offers a fair number of laughs...
[Brand's] snotty, improvised quips are good for a few laughs, though three decades of skyrocketing income inequality have soured the comedy of Arthur's astronomically expensive self-indulgences.
An entire generation has come of age since 1981 and I suspect that only those who haven't seen its predecessor will find any laughs in this rote remake.
When Arthur works, it can be very funny ... But there's something missing at the heart of this rather sloppily-assembled remake, a bit of Big Apple bite to complement the story's overall fairy tale nature.
There are a few things wrong with this second go-round - not the least of which is that, in 2011, hopeless drunks are rarely seen as funny.
The limp-d--- remake of 1981's Arthur - starring Russell Brand in the happy-drunk role indelibly created by Dudley Moore - sounds promising, but it ends in disaster.
when you consider the uphill battle this movie faced, and the lingering legacy it had to overcome, this Arthur is a winner
The surest way to kill comedy is to protect your audience, in advance, from being offended by it. And that's among the least of the problems with this new Arthur.
A symbol of Hollywood at its most creatively bankrupt.
It seems like an odd choice for a remake 30 years down the line, as Moore's portrayal is one of his best, and best-known, roles. But if you must, Brand is the man for the job.
Why?
If you must see Arthur, choose a theater that serves alcohol. You'll need it.
The original "Arthur" was harmless. The new one is charmless.
This is Russell Brand light, and at least to me, fits the part.
Russell Brand creates a distinctive character based on his own persona, rather than trying to mimic Dudley Moore. He is by turns hilarious and touching, with an inner core of sweetness we haven't seen from him before.
Like its titular, well-intentioned hedonist scoundrel, Arthur is really quite delightful if given the chance. Romantic and playful.
Compared to the 1981 version, this substitutes coarseness for humor and vulgarity for wit.
The story, about a happy-go-lucky drunk who'll lose his fortune if he doesn't marry, hasn't changed, but somewhere along the way it has lost its reason for being.
Why resurrect a film that was quaint 30 years ago and can at best be tasteless today? In fact, tastelessness might have been the right way to go.
Despite Mirren's estimable presence, the new Arthur has little of its own to offer. It's the same story, told with much less heart.
I really started to wonder: Why are we sitting and watching this dithering, half-cocked egomaniac?
So many things are slightly wrong with the remake of Arthur that little feels right, and Christopher Cross' original theme song inspires the key question for everyone involved: Is this really the best that you can do?
Brand definitely carries the first hour with his free-associative riffing and childlike energy...
This remake seems to exist only to zap the original of its minor pleasures.
Despite some amusing bits and a very capable and handsomely mounted production, the results never truly outgrow diversionary setpiece amusement, and coalesce or gel into something humanistic and more deeply funny.
Even Dudley Moore realized-all too late-that a second Arthur was a bad idea. So why have Christopher Cross's words not been heeded? (Once in your life you find her...)
Worse than film school formula, Arthur's transparently the product of some powerful Hollywood agents responsible for foisting Brand on American culture.
Dudley Moore had a real moment with the original, and this is just a karaoke version. Brand and Gerwig deserve something better than this, something more uniquely suited to their undeniable appeal.
Eager to please, Russell Brand works hard in this uninspired remake, but he lacks the natural charm and effortless delivery that Dudley Moore had.
I've got a 40 in my hand, and I'm pouring it out on the pavement in remembrance of the indie sensation that was Greta Gerwig.
The original Arthur was a mediocre film with a few laughs, not a classic. It looks like the model of wit compared to the remake that waddles into theaters this week.
The story hasn't changed much, nor have the characters. But the comedy is now crude instead of whimsical and its characters overblown caricatures instead of screwball personalities. A movie has been reduced to a sketch.



@highlight

An irritating, unnecessary remake that demonstrates the libertine charm Russell Brand exudes in supporting roles turn against him when he's star of the show.