Director Greg Berlanti does a great job of balancing the tone of the film with a coming-of-age film. This film is funny, heartbreaking, enduring and a really does move along at a great pace.
Love, Simon takes this mission to a new neighborhood, aiming to occupy a space so long understood, from both sides of the equation, to have no room for queer stories.
Loving a stranger is not fully convincing... but it is better than most high school movies. [Full Review in Spanish]
Love, Simon is one of those rare works in which its conventional aspects play to its favor due to the fact that its greatest virtue is normalizing the homosexual protagonist. [Full Review in Spanish]
The fresh and witty script by Isaac Aptaker and Elizabeth Berger seems like a contemporary heir to those eighties initiatory comedies that John Hughes dominated so well... [Full review in Spanish]
Simon is the best gay protagonist that [a] post-Hughes teen comedy could give us. [Full review in Spanish]
Love, Simon succeeds best when it's letting its teen characters - particularly these teen characters - sprawl out... The cast is full of promising young performers.
The constant wondering, the yearning for a connection, the endless comparing of your own experience to what you're observing, the quest to find someone, anyone who understands what you're going through-Love, Simon nails all of this.
The only sad thing about this film is that it has to break taboos in the first place in this increasingly conservative society... [Full Review in Spanish]
I've heard this film described as a "John Hughes" - type film. Barely. Though Hughes did spend a lot of his time writing about teenagers, their problems and how they dealt with them, his characters were a hell of a lot more believable.
A film that will connect with the public... [Full Review in Spanish]
A gentle and emotional movie; frequently hilarious and consistently honest. [Full review in Spanish]
It has the spirit of a classic, John Hughes film from the eighties, but imprinted with the new millennium. [Full Review in Spanish]
A charming, witty and wholly generic high school romcom, the film succeeds thanks to its smart script and sympathetic performances.
There's no questioning the sincerity or the worthy pro-tolerance sentiments of Love, Simon...but, whoa, does this film brim with bad direction.
Maybe it's a familiar formula, but it works on multiple levels. [Full Review in Spanish]
...a somewhat erratic drama that nevertheless packs a punch at several key moments.
Love, Simon is sweet, relatable and funny. It's witty and accessible, and also conventional and very normal.
It's a funny movie, but not an uproarious one. It's not overstated or understated, but clearly and honestly stated, and anchored by strong performances from its young cast.
Robinson adeptly manages to capture the anxiety of being a gay teenager with even more dexterity than Timothée Chalamet in Call Me By Your Name.
Simple and bland...
It probably won't be nominated for awards, but surely it will become a classic among teens. [Full Review in Spanish]
This movie has this same charisma and intelligent comedy as the Hughes films. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is a landmark in LGBTQ representation, but succeeds on its own merits.
The most remarkable thing about Love, Simon is how comfortable it feels with just being what it is: an ordinary teen romantic comedy. And yet, it feels so very special. [Full Review in Spanish]
The mainstream rom-com genre is vanilla to the core. Love Simon isn't interested in changing the formula, it's just throwing rainbow sprinkles on top.
A must-see romantic comedy that evokes the late John Hughes but traces its own path of inclusion, maturity and self discovery. -[Full review in Spanish]
Indeed, this is where Love, Simon succeeds; in telling a small story about how hard it can be to declare who you are and who you want to be.
Sweet and moving as it often manages to be, the film is comfortingly average, in its way - the point of it not to stand out, but fit in.
The film captures, as do the Hughes films it nakedly wants to be, something pleasantly casual about the rhythms of teenage life.
When this film works... it works! It does a skillful job capturing the mindset of a teenager coming to grips with his sexuality.
A fresh take on the teen rom-com, this film harks back to vintage John Hughes movies with its smart, self-aware characters and realistic situations that are both amusing and thoughtful.
An instant classic for the high school teen romantic comedy genre. Funny, charming and impactful. [Full review in Spanish]
Love, Simon is filled with love and recognition as it takes the high school rom-com template into new Hollywood territory, and it charms in the process.
Thankfully, it's nicely made... well acted, as funny as it is gently moving, and genuinely intriguing, as we watch Simon respond to online posts by the mysterious 'Blue', who admits that he is gay but won't reveal his identity.
The plot has a few glitches, but generally the film is funny, sweet and thoughtful.
It sticks to the rules of its genre, right down to the cloying music and obligatory schmaltzy climax, and uses them to demonstrate a truth that should be obvious: all love stories are essentially the same.
It's highly unlikely you'll read a review of this film that doesn't contain the word "adorable". It's equally unlikely that you'll be able to watch it without grinning from ear to ear.
The high school teen romcom is reborn for 2018. Funny, sentimental and smart: John Hughes would be proud.
Despite...strangely misjudged moments, Love, Simon succeeds in navigating most of the pitfalls of the gay coming-of-age narrative and is ultimately moving and genuine.
It's more like a John Hughes film than a Sundance circuit piece, squarely in the middle, just like Simon. That doesn't make it any less special.
A sweetly old-fashioned romance about a young man who falls in love over email... with another young man. Tender, funny, sometimes heartbreaking, enormously human and honest.
Why did we have to wait until 2018 to see a funny, big-hearted drama on this important topic?
Accessible and inclusive, this is a major pop-culture breakthrough, offering authentic validation for LGBT teens, worthwhile insights for hetero viewers, and crowd-pleasing entertainment for everyone.
Love, Simon is sweet, funny and immensely likeable and should persuade even the hardest heart that everyone deserves a great love story.
Robinson is an immensely engaging lead, and Simon's tricky predicament, while rendered rather simplistically at times, rings true.
How heartening that a mainstream studio flick could have a gay protagonist. How disappointing that said flick is as twee and anodyne as this.
Love, Simon - I really did.
Often funny in a decidedly wry and even dark fashion, this isn't sexually explicit but instead proves to be more about the pain and uncertainty of coming-out at a time when people think they're so accepting - but aren't really.
Wisely, [Greg] Berlanti leaves A-listers Jennifer Garner and Josh Duhamel in the background for most of the film and allows his young cast to carry the film in style - even though the ending is all a little too neatly wrapped.
An uneven but ultimately winning coming-out story. It's one of those films where I can point out lots of flaws but then of them especially bother me
With its sheer warmth, openness, likability and idealism, Love, Simon won me over.
With a modern soundtrack and a diverse cast, Love, Simon is the kind of movie many people wish they had growing up.
Sweet, funny and touching.
Simon's fears, feelings, relationships and traumas are all real and feel true, and are portrayed in an entertaining, infectious and charming way.
Beneath the glossy visuals and the power-pop soundtrack there's something quietly radical about Love, Simon.
Pure magic.
Far too many contemporary teen comedies anoint themselves as 'Hughes-ian', desperate to align...with the smart, sweet, insightful teen movies of the genre's golden years, the 80s. Finally, a film earns the accolade.
Simon and his friends are likeable kids and their romantic problems are affectionately explored.
You'll 'Love, Simon.'
Simply by being a typical, if entertaining, high school movie, it may be making its most important statement of all.
It's undemanding but immensely likeable.
As a sociological milestone, this is not quite in the Black Panther class, but the difference lies only in the size of the film's financial ambitions.
Like Me and Earl and the Dying Girl, The Edge of Seventeen and Easy A, Love, Simon is proof that there is still plenty of life, fun and intelligent storytelling to be had in the high school movie genre.
While it is not a work that will change the world, Love, Simon will indeed mean the world to any viewers living through the same trials, tribulations and unnecessarily solitary soul-searching as its teen protagonist.
By adhering to coming-of-age formula and relying on plot contrivances, it downplays the internal struggles of its closeted protagonist, and thus reduces the emotional impact.
Love Simon is up there with your first kiss or first pancake on a Saturday morning; it's not perfect, but it's still sweet as hell.
Love, Simon is an earnest coming-of-age story, gentle and generous, with a captivating performance from Nick Robinson as the titular Simon.
It's a terrific movie with a great, star-making performance by Nick Robinson.
As bland as vanilla pudding. But unless you're completely vanilla-phobic, the movie's unforced good feelings are easy to enjoy.
Abundantly heartfelt and consistently funny, Love, Simon has a unique place in the canon of LGBTQ cinema, in part for how sweetly ordinary this coming-out story plays out. Oh, and the fact that it's a slick, big studio release.
Love, Simon is extraordinary in a very ordinary way.
This is a film that believes everyone deserves a sweet, sappy movie love story, especially people who are often denied them.
The film is as sweet as bubble-gum-flavored medicine; it arrives as if without cinematic lineage-unburdened by cinema's history of equating gayness with death. It just stops short of producing a picture of gay attraction.
How nice it is to see that representation is presented as so normal.
Love, Simon does ultimately succeed at making a gay coming-of-age film broadly accessible, but hopefully we'll get more nuanced takes going forward.
Love, Simon is a charming and affecting movie that has one foot planted firmly in the past while pushing this genre into the new millennium
It's too sanded down to ever truly snag on something like a real, specific, visceral emotion, but it's got the pop-chorus bombast that will get you to some kind of objective sense of fireworks, one way or another.
Sweetly sincere and sensitive, it's a timely, yet different coming-of-age story.
One of my favorites of the year so far, without a doubt.
A really effective coming-of-age movie that I adored...this movie can and will connect with anyone who has been searching for love, particularly in high school.
... it's good that Love, Simon is as accomplished and likable as it is.
Unless you don't buy into Jennifer Garner (from those dreadful 'what's in your wallet?' commercials), portraying a former valedictorian mom, 'Simon' likely will grab you from the get-go.
Thanks to a dynamic, emotionally astute script from Berger and Aptaker, that coupled with Berlanti's unobtrusive direction helps make this movie an agreeable revelation I likely couldn't have resisted even if I had wanted to.
As a piece of filmmaking craft, it's competent, if unremarkable...if Love, Simon helps even one gay teen come to terms with their sexuality, in the friendly confines of familiar movie formulas, hey, it was probably worth it.
While things get a bit Dawson's Creek-y at times, director Greg Berlanti never allows the narrative's melodrama to overtake the more significant themes that make a film like Love, Simon a milestone for mainstream gay movies.
An engaging, entertaining and thought-provoking film. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
It's a premise that understands a the key takeaways of the closet, which is that sexuality is a valuable piece of intel. It's also a nice springboard for a few valuable life lessons about friendship and integrity, and a handful of strong performances.
A complex balancing act with a perfectly executed payoff that might not have had the same impact without Robinson's heartwarming breakout performance.
This particular take on a major studio teen comedy is long overdue, but director Greg Berlanti seems intent on keeping his movie attuned to mainstream sensibilities.
Greg Berlanti's groundbreaking gay romcom is an exuberant gift, a John Hughes movie for audiences who just got woke and the first mainstream studio release to put a closeted teen front and center.
As the romantic mystery develops, the light comedy keeps us amused.
Every kid out there can determine whether or not they need this film, but each of them absolutely deserves a confection this sweet, thoughtful, and sincere.
Affecting, lovable romcom about gay teen has a little edge.
The story's lightness is, in a sense, the source of its charm.
Love, Simon is an adorable addition to the teen movie canon.
An overrated John Hughes version of distinctive art house entries Call Me by Your Name and Moonlight.
Love, Simon has a few sad moments as Simon's mistakes come crashing down around him, but mostly it's a sweet, funny, warm-hearted film.
A little bit sanitized for such a serious subject. Coulda been deeper. Wonderful performances - especially from Nick Robinson - make this one a winner.
Love, Simon is filled with humor-in its characters, dialogue, and situations-but it doesn't sacrifice emotional depth. The two work in tandem.
Love, Simon succeeds because it rarely plays like grown-ups talking down to viewers.
Love, Simon proves to be a new exception to the rom com genre, bringing Simon's coming out story to life with heart, nuance and the ever-integral message of acceptance.
...finely tuned situations and sharp dialogue delivered by a thoroughly charming cast that makes this "Simon" something special.
It's a warm-but-thin rom-com that isn't particularly noteworthy outside of its trailblazing subject matter. Its heart is in the right place, however, which gives it a light stamp of approval.
Witty, warm and wise in spite of its contrivances and schmaltz. It's one of the best romantic teen comedies in recent memory. It deserves to become a sleeper hit and a cult classic.
I can't remember when I've heard an audience respond with cheers and applause as joyous as they did here when the big kiss moment finally arrived.
As a consumer, it is simply your responsibility to see it, just so that many more Love, Simons can be made.
Love, Simon suffers from some of those coming-of-age clichés, but they're certainly worth sitting through in enjoying this journey to adulthood as a whole.
Young and old, jocks and nerds, geeks and freaks, and everyone in between should be able to find something to adore in Love, Simon.
The movie is enjoyable enough, despite the callow gloss of a 1970s after-school TV special preaching to us about tolerance.
With a slight adjustment for gender, the lyrics of a classic Gershwin song could sum up the plot of "Love, Simon."
While the romance elements of Love, Simon will earn it headlines and, perhaps more importantly, butts-in-seats, it's the film's quieter, deeper coming-out storyline that forms its true emotional center.
The charming and compassionate Love, Simon feels revolutionary.
It is immediately apparent that "Love, Simon" is long overdue.
...among the best representations of a gay love story depicted on screen.
Love, Simon diversifies the canon of gay coming-of-age movies, wherein protagonists are often alienated, and offers an undeniably satisfying, cheesy and often hilarious teen romance.
The casting is high quality, the script - with a tantalizing mystery at its heart - is particularly well-crafted and the story hits all the right emotional notes in delivering a funny, warm-hearted and life-affirming tale.
The emotional resonance may be surprising given the movie's relentless gloss, but it's real.
It really does get better - at the movies anyway.
A good-hearted but exceptionally bland 'coming-out-of-age' movie modeled after the John Hughes high school pictures of the eighties.
It's undeniably a good thing that it exists, that we have a wide-release movie that treats homosexuality as normal and natural, is about a gay kid, and even directed by a gay man. I just hope that it paves the way for better such movies down the line.
"Love, Simon" is a sweet, modern romantic comedy that manages to channel the teen movie classics of the late John Hughes, but only the good stuff.
Doesn't everybody deserve a great love story?
Robinson's Simon is a revelation, his hooded eyes suggesting they see a lot more than they let on, while the charismatic Shipp steals all of her scenes as a student with her own demons.
If John Hughes had gone on to make a smart LGBT coming-of-age charmer, most likely it would resemble this.
The movie is well-made and likable, without any major missteps. It's also just a little bland.
The movie ... speaks to another, more precious kind of privilege, one that straight kids have had since movies began: the right to a romantic fantasy served up like ice cream, tart and sweet.
For the most part, this film is as affable and amiable as its title character.... It may wear its good intentions on its sleeve, but this feel-good film has no reason to feel ashamed about doing that.
Love, Simon is FANTASTIC, and regardless of whether you've read the book, you should see it IMMEDIATELY.
It takes what could have been a teen-movie cliché stacked on top of a coming-out cliché like stale wedding cake and turns them into something that feels fresh, even while not saying anything particularly revelatory.
There may be little in this movie that you haven't seen before, but the perspective through which you're seeing it can make all the difference.
This kid makes Ferris Bueller look like a dangerous radical.
Innocuous. But at this stage of cultural progress on the gay acceptance front, that's not enough.
There's plenty to admire here, and any sort of gentleness at the multiplex is something to be treasured, but it's hard to ignore the film's general unwillingness to confront cruelty.
Fortunately, characters like Simon have "the character" to make the right choices.
"Love, Simon" exists on a spectrum between "Lady Bird" and "Mean Girls." It has the warm winsomeness of "Lady Bird" and the crackling humor of "Mean Girls," playing with the high school archetypes that film captured so well.
It's an engaging enough film that even a person long out of high school like myself found it amusing.
This movie simply refuses to "normalize" bigotry, hatred and xenophobia. And does it with a kind, understanding and forgiving heart.
It's cathartic to see stories we can relate to told with a degree of love and compassion that we can hardly imagine.
Nick Robinson crafts an immensely likeable Simon - as appealing as any of the teenage protagonists in a John Hughes comedy.
Faults aside, there's something truly revolutionary about this big-screen Romeo and Romeo romance, as Simon courts an anonymous closeted schoolmate he's met online in the hope of one day meeting him.
It's hard for find fault with any film that addresses a changing teenage world with such compassion and decency. An unexpected delight in more ways than one.
Though it tells an emotional story about identity and coming out, it's an easygoing movie, glossy and kind and cozily corny. And yet, for me, it was also a fraught experience, both pained and giddy, cheering and dismaying. It's a lot, this little movie.
This film treats 17-year-old Simon Spier's quest for love and self-acceptance with the tender, timeless, Hollywood touch of John Hughes: It's a classic story of a first crush made groundbreaking by centering on a closeted gay kid.
The element that keeps "Love, Simon" from fully realizing its potential is that it feels like something you'd see on TV. And not on TV in 2018 - TV you'd see in the 1980s.
If what teens watch on their screens shapes future teen behavior, Love, Simon's utopian society is a gift to the teens of the future who may grow up on it - and to anyone who has to deal with teens.
A surefire sleeper hit.
Love, Simon isn't a subtle movie by any means, but it ought to be praised for normalizing something that should have been normal from the start.
How refreshing to see a teen boy on a big screen that's not a sleepy-eyed, monosyllabic jerk just hoping to get laid.
Love, Simon is the kind of movie you could easily catch up with on cable TV years later and forget just as quickly-but even that's a kind of step forward.
If this heartwarming teen-oriented bildungsroman is any indication of how Hollywood plans to handle homosexuality in the future, the culture has truly turned a corner in terms of teaching tolerance of sexual preferences.
The beauty of "Love, Simon" is in its astute, slice-of-life observances about family, friendship, and that delicate moment in every LGBTQ person's life when he or she must gather the courage to begin living as their authentic self.
The perfect high school movie for 2018.
This winning comedy about a gay high schooler looking for love hits you right in the heart.
Kids like Simon, in 2018, already have a good shot of fitting in. They don't need this movie.
Love, Simon has the same endearing quality as the John Hughes teen comedy classics of the 1980s.
The dialogue didn't feel forced; it was charming, witty and extremely relatable.
An unapologetically joyous experience, rich with dramatic stakes, but also wickedly funny and intently designed to leave the audience with great feelings leaving the theater.
Love, Simon is so full of heart and emotion that you can't help but fall in love with it.
Indie dramas routinely tackle coming-out issues far better; in 2018 there's no reason or excuse for a commercial film to be so unwilling to honestly engage with the sexuality of its protagonist.
Love, Simon is a funny, heartfelt, and truly touching teen romantic comedy that instantly becomes a modern classic for today's generation.
"Love, Simon" never feels like it exists merely because it should; its endearing charm makes it a film that viewers will watch regardless of its valuable social impact.
But Love, Simon's greatest triumph is that it manages to highlight the small ways in which even the most accepting and open-minded among us can make coming out difficult, even in 2018.
The film focuses on the one thing it does differently... and it can't be denied that it does make the tired formula feel ever so slightly fresh for having done so.
From a romantic standpoint, the most beautiful aspect of Love, Simon is that through nothing but emails it's believable that these two students could fall for one another; it's not about physical appearances or social status or anything superficial
Greg Berlanti's charmingly heartfelt film is a remarkably successful attempt to give shape to the experience of the closet by drawing an incredibly intimate portrait of a teenage boy about to leave it behind.
Love, Simon is touching as a gesture. As entertainment, it's nothing Degrassi hasn't done better.
It's too bad that the movie isn't as vibrant, funny, and entertaining as the community it wishes to represent - but it's a start.
Love, Simon won't be short of critics (and many of them will be adamant that its story is either unimportant or, gasp, amoral) but within its sleek studio skeleton, there's genuine heart.
At a cultural moment when it matters so much for audiences to see themselves represented on screen, "Love, Simon" broadens the spectrum to include those who are questioning their sexuality.
It's an expertly carved chunk of cheese. But taken on its own, limited terms, Love, Simon is also a charmer - warm, often funny and gently touching, tickling rather than pummeling your tear ducts.
Not only would this make John Hughes stand up and cheer, its honesty and tenderness are destined to leave a lasting legacy.
There's a place in the culture for adolescent gay kids to enjoy the shiny, shallow coming-of-age stories that their straight peers consume on a daily basis. The first one out of the gate always plays it safe; the trick now is to keep the gate open.
There's something about Love, Simon that feels like a bona fide event...It's a film that we swooned and winced and cringed and grinned through, the journey the best coming-of-age movies take their audiences on.

@highlight

Love, Simon hits its coming-of-age beats more deftly than many entries in this well-traveled genre -- and represents an overdue, if not entirely successful, milestone of inclusion.