Closer takes the traditional notion of romance and attempts to batter it into submission, mostly through the constant application of swear words.
The heart isn't a fist any more than the hand is a foot, and anyway there's no fist so tight that doesn't unfold into an open hand sometime. The movie is like a comedy someone dipped in a solvent.
Searing story of betrayal isn't for kids.
Closer is no joke and it's got the brave, mature performances of an all-star cast to prove it. It's a movie in which characters feel each other up with their hands and knock each other down with words.
With a better script, Closer could have been compelling romantic drama; instead, it's little more than clichéd nonsense.
Nichols ... simply stuns with a beautiful production, excellent script, unconventional and rather hateful story, and excellent acting all around.
Mike Nichols teases up a similar level of emotional dysfunction to "Carnal Knowledge" with a filmic rendition of Patrick Marber's stage play about sexual one-ups-man-ship.
Like dramas by Pinter and others, what seems trenchant and perfectly pitched in the theater can come off as arch even when skillfully transferred to film.
Four beautiful, despicable characters find everything but love in this borderline sadistic battle of words from Mike Nichols.
It's only as good as its cast. Fortunately, it's a good cast.
Marber looks at farcical giddiness with a hard-won sobriety.... Closer is a voguish farce that, rather than making you wish you were like the characters, makes you wish that you hadn't been.
click to read article [Greek]
Owen and Portman give excellent, committed performances, leaving Law and Roberts in the shade.
Thanks to Marber's whiplash dialogue, the cast suffer with an eloquence that's uncommon in the movies, but that's about as far as it goes.
Fortunately for Nichols, Marber's script is smart enough and often uncomfortably amusing, and the talent he's arrayed all live up to their marquee status. Even Roberts.
Closer, a lacerating four-character suite on the elusiveness of love and intimacy, finds Nichols returning to his roots without having lost his sardonic edge.
The film's central theme is that intimacy is a lie, that the more entrenched a couple becomes in a relationship, the more they are divided by secrecy and deception.
...directors like Peter Greenaway and Mike Leigh have examined sexual politics and cruelty with results that are significantly more profound.
Competently acted, theatrically staged.
"Closer" isn't the kind of film just any audience would enjoy. The film features complex sexual and relationship themes that might leave some viewers cold.
The dialogue is often lacerating, as lovers wield words like lashes, striking out to get what they desire.
Offers a cynical and pessimistic look at the ongoing Sexual Revolution.
Since we only glimpse these personalities when they are threatened, the fun of the movie becomes trying to guess which behavior is genuine, and which is a means of defense.
Surely the most divisive film about modern relations since Eyes Wide Shut.
Portman, with her big, eager eyes and knowing, seductive smile ... lifts the movie up to another level.
Vibrates with eroticism, bruising laughs and dynamite performances from four attractive actors doing decidedly unattractive things.
Marber's script is wonderfully thorough in its exploration of the permutations of desire and betrayal, and the cast serve it brilliantly.
I'm still not entirely sure that Closer adds up to anything meaningful, but it is a fascinating portrait of some unredeemably awful people who don't seem to mind the fact that they're unredeemably awful.
Man, you'd expect a movie with this much sex talk in it to be, well, sexier.
Loin de la pièce de théâtre filmée, Closer est une adaptation intelligente et en tout point réussie.
All the performances are strong, with Portman especially fearless and Owen simply fearsome as a man driven by his base instincts.
"Closer" is a raw and stimulating film filled with excellent performances and an exotic script!
Closer is meant to be a commentary on relationships in the 21st century, but let's not read too much into it. By the end of the film, it already has read too much into itself.
Se trata, en todo caso, de una exploración madura e inteligente del amor, la infidelidad y los misterios del relacionamiento humano (...)
Nos permite observar a interação de quatro pessoas complexas e interessantes.
Closer is a startling and fascinating film that is both revealing and challenging, as it toys with the enormity of love and commitment.
There is, however, a certain illicit thrill in seeing [Julia Roberts] shout obscenities at Clive Owen; the break-up scene between Larry and Anna is a definite highlight.
Intimacy both attracts and repels in this smart, modern and biting treatment of love's endless merry-go-round.
Doesn't shed a whole lot of light on actual relationships, because none of the ones in the film seem believable.
The story is masterfully told and the acting is superb.
'...watching four incredibly sexy actors withhold their mojo to play this emptiness is neither enlightening nor engaging.'
To quote the haunting Damien Rice song that bookends the film, you can't take your eyes off of it.
A better movie back when it was called Your Friends & Neighbors and directed by Neil LaBute.
The camera spends much time on the actors' faces, whose spouting fumaroles manage to keep us interested by pace if not by virtue.
There are no fight scenes. No criminal activity. No fatalities. There isn't even any sex. But in its own way, Closer is one of the edgiest movies of the year.
Una pelcula para pensar, cuestionar y reflexionar ms de una vez Somos realmente as de bestiales?
Brave is not a word I use often, but here it is clearly deserved.
May not make for the most pleasant of viewing, but it is certainly engrossing and, unlike the characters, more than a little truthful.
Director Mike Nichols isn't shy about stylization and this play turned film which characterizes the heart as a 'fist covered in blood' needs that vote of confidence.
Four people marry, divorce, hop into one another's beds, talk dirty, and make each other miserable... Why did anyone think this would make for an entertaining movie?
The ultimate 'sex as revenge' flick.
Banal Knowledge.
Almost too close!
None of the characters is particularly likable, and they all do and say terrible things to one another, but they never devolve into anything less than human.
Elegant, spare, flawlessly acted, and directed with great style by a masterful filmmaker, Closer is much easier to admire than actually like.
Despite formidable performances by Roberts, Law, Portman, and Owen, Mike Nichols's "Closer" is weakened by both its source material and odd directorial decision making.
As Closer unspooled I found myself wishing that Nichols had done something a little more unsparing.Then I remembered that he already has: Carnal Knowlege.
...it's hard to resist the genuinely adult nature of the film - an increasingly rare thing these days.
If it makes you uncomfortable, or leaves you disturbed, it has only done its job.
Closer has lots to offer: smart performances, archly funny dialogue and a feeling for the way a group of strangers can become so familiar that they're apt to rip one another to shreds.
Magnificent acting; quirky, unusual script; exceptional directing; I liked it; lots of people won't.
Full of chance meetings, instant attraction and casual betrayals, the movie is setup like a group of individual snapshots, brief glimpses inside the lives of people trying to find that one love connection grounding them for the rest of their lives.
Nichols tarts up the staginess with a breezily achronological narrative and motifs involving aquariums and smoking, but Closer is too closed for discomfort.
[A] chilly, caustic, foul-mouthed anatomy of modern romance.
Nichols is back, his instincts for intimacy as cutting as ever...
Portman steals the show with an astonishingly layered performance as the spiky but vulnerable Alice. Even without the rest of the film's genius, she's worth the price of a ticket.
Impeccably acted and directed -- but quite icy.
A relentlessly nasty film adapted from Patrick Marber's play that manages to win you over despite the fact that all four of its characters are clearly marked 'damaged goods.'
There's not an American filmmaker who better understands the scheming perversity and self-deception lurking beneath our passions.
It does shock, I should say, in the way of men and women doing their psychological worst and most ruthless to push away those they have previously pulled close.
This is an entirely useless picture. Too bad so much good work went into it..
Not to be missed.
There's a creepy fascination in the way these four characters stage their affairs while occupying impeccable lifestyles.
An excellent example of imagining lives for no greater reason than that one can.
An extremely well-executed entertainment exclusively for grown-ups.
A bleakly Darwinist view of the mating game....The Hollywood cast upgrades make us even less sympathetic to Marber's nasty quartet.
Its life expectancy will rest on its stellar cast, Marber's dialogue and Nichol's intelligent guidance. It sure won't be for the emotional content or its grasp on morality.
Sex, lies and betrayal form a high-stakes game of love in Mike Nichols' Closer.
Underneath the hard-hitting wordplay lurks a crafty relationship drama. Complex and challenging, it plays out like a game of championship chess.
Stage adaptation about love, lust and lies in London feels a little staged, even with an electric cast.
Despite four very strong performances, Closer is hard emotional work to sit through.
Bad Pinter meets bad Updike, dancing to the rat-a-tat rhythms of an ER episode.
Great performances of repellant, compelling characters in an intimate film that left an interesting, complex, but bad taste in my mouth.
One of 2004's best, this unpredictable shell game dazzles with savage truth, its harsh, ugly discourse reminiscent of Neil LaBute before he softened into repetition.
Succeeds as an exercise for the excellent Nichols, even when its theatrical origins fight with the medium of film.
There's no connective tissue among the conflicts, thus the conflicts come across as cold and essentially meaningless; verbal and emotional violence for its own sake.
A wonderfully acted depiction of the ultimate male fantasy gone sour.
Dissects modern romance with a plastic spoon.
It caters to middlebrow superiority: To praise Closer as well-observed is to condemn its subjects behaviour.
I appreciated its tough look at sexual gamesmanship, but I'm not eager to see these sad and deservedly lonely characters again anytime soon.
It was basically a porno with no nudity.
An uncommonly engrossing and romantically cynical drama.
Owen alone, in Closer, rises to the challenge.
This isn't your mother's Julia Roberts movie.
Nasty, crass, ill-conceived, illogically vulgar, and obvious. And that's just Julia Roberts!
We don't find ourselves particularly liking any of these characters, yet we are utterly fascinated by them.
An observant, probing and uncomfortable relationship quarrel between selfish, morally bankrupt but multilayered individuals.
It's too cold to be moving, but not cold enough to be shocking.
Drop the "C" from the title and you have my opinion of this movie
An ingeniously structured screenplay and scorching performances exemplify Mike Nichols' interpretation of Patrick Marber's exquisite play, "Closer."**
...se concentre sur les pires moments des relations amoureuses et les plus bas instincts des hommes, en escamotant toute la partie heureuse des relations amoureuses.
Set in contemporary London, Closer is funny at times, and sometimes nerve wracking. There are loads of time leaps to follow, so don't leave your seat.
... a refreshing backlash against the typical romantic comedy... intentionally devoid of Hollywood happiness...
The film struggles for relationship realism, but comes up confused.
If characters are totally self-absorbed and don't care for each other, it's hard for an audience to form an emotional connection with them or care about their relationships.
Closer is a dangerous, honest film that cuts deeply with its collage of romantic idealism, cancerous suspicion, and perfect performances.
The unrelenting seediness and, most crucially, the lack of a character which the audience is willing to side with takes a toll.
By the end, you will loathe these people. And yet you will be unable to turn away from their story.
Nichols...tears into this material with both hands, pushing his cast to their emotional limits as the misery-go-round turns again and again.
... you're so conscious of the vehicle's artifice, so aware of actors performing, that it's difficult to react to them as living, breathing characters ...
Feels so remote that it renders itself inconsequential.
It's written and filmed with great intelligence, and performed fearlessly.
Closer has clever dialogue and scenes that are alive to all the treachery and nuance of sexual intrigue.
Devolves into a series of opposite-gender matches, increasingly unsubtle.
Nichols is too craftily experienced (man, is he experienced) not to give each actor good innings.
The film is an emotional Rorschach test for viewers, suggesting a sadly diminishing role for affection and trust in modern relationships.
The movie is intricately plotted (taking sudden leaps in time and perspective) but flawlessly lucid.
This smart and unsettling new Mike Nichols relationship drama follows two couples through the back alleys of love and commitment, with tour guides who don't seem to grasp what those words mean.
It's in its aspiration to depict deceit and obsession, selfishness and recklessness, bitterness, revenge and fury that the film's power lies.
It's not emotional closeness these connection junkies want. It's merely to close the deal and seal another conquest.
It's about getting closer, but the hurting part is about getting farther.
Breathtakingly cruel and quietly devastating, Mike Nichols' adaptation of Patrick Marber's acclaimed play peers beneath the sheets as two couples wrestle with their own self-destructive impulses.
There are moments in Closer when the truth not only hurts, it claws the skin away.
Closer struggles formidably to come up with something to say about modern-day relationships, but all you're left with is the struggle.
Like its misbegotten quartet of manipulative lovers, the movie offers only intermittent satisfaction.
Closer isn't a pleasant night at the movies. Nevertheless, its emotional brutality is breathtaking.
Closer is one of those rarer-than-rare movies these days -- it's a film about adults for adults.
In Closer, a searing drama that dares speak the truth about modern adult relationships, it's hard to distinguish between sincere emotion and manipulation, between true caring and heartless self-interest.
Essentially, this whole picture is a tombstone to love.
You won't be able to take your eyes off of them. Just warn your date beforehand.
'Closer' apparently exists as a movie because the director admired the play, not because the play benefits from being 'opened up' for filming...
Closer is an actor's showcase that looks a bit too much like an actor's showcase, but it still manages to satisfy thanks to an acerbic sense of humor and a passion for the follies of passion.
If you can withstand the initial burst of salty language and severe dysfunction, there's a certain joy in seeing these characters get their just deserts. And not to give too much away, at least a couple of them do.
Its meditation on power may not be everyone's cup of tea. But for those who prefer Earl Grey to camomile it works a dark magic.
It has a lot to say about the human condition and what we're willing to go through in order to find and keep love.
A better name for this movie would be Four Beautiful People Cheating on Each Other.
Absolutely captivating.
My desire to give all four a bracing slap didn't prevent me from thinking that somewhere, in a universe I've been fortunate never to inhabit, people play exactly these sorts of games.
What is so alluring about Patrick Marber's script, adapted from his award-winning stage play, is that it mimics the way we remember love affairs.
At 73, Nichols is in peak form.
The film is pitched with the same pace and distance as the play; characters chatter on in neat, clipped little sound bites that sound very little like real conversation.
It's ugly, but true. Closer is like the 'smoker's lung' billboard. But instead of showing diseased lungs, it exposes hearts ruined by lies, pride, and jealousy.
A few rousing moments do not an overall cogent narrative make.
Closer defies genre. It’s the kind of movie that drives the Blockbuster clerk who's reshelving videos crazy...but it knows exactly what it wants to be: dizzying.
The cast is fantastic in a film that's hard to enjoy.
Do you really know that person you live with? Maybe.
Closer plays a little like a sad jazzy score - fascinating to experience even after realizing it's going to break your heart.
Even though he gets last billing, it's Clive Owen who really shines. This is is a role that will get him noticed.
Sexy, deliciously perverse and oozing with immorality.
three interesting performances and one stellar one (Owen), but ... there is little emotional investment to be had in the characters' self-induced romantic messes
An excellent series of scenes that don't quite make a movie.
You're going to see some powerful acting for sure, certainly enough to recommend the film, but one which ultimately just doesn't add up to much.
A prime example of how a script can find a precious breath of life, thus escaping from a chasm of doom, by finding just the right combination of actors and director.
Dialogue as riveting as Marber's, delivered by four first-rate actors in peak form, transcends the tricky transition [from the stage] to the screen.
The writing is clever and arch but the leaps in time are confusing.
This film is more clever than wise, and it is not as clever as it thinks it is.
Closer offers a bleak though thought-provoking take on relationships. The challenge for the viewer is in caring enough to become invested in characters who seem hellbent on hurting one another.
I have to confess: I love it when big movie stars talk dirty.
How you relate to the movie probably will be a function of where you are in your own love life. Either you will find it to be wound-salving honesty or a pointlessly pessimistic waste of your time.
It's all dressed up but, frankly, it's got nowhere of interest to go.
Strangers becoming lovers, lovers becoming estranged: the paradox of oh-so-modern coupling keeps the home fires burning in Patrick Marber's astringent Closer.
Sure, there's a rubber-necky attraction to watching these good-looking, half-baked creations living anguished, photogenic lifestyles. But it's unclear if we're supposed to feel engaged.
Everything about Closer -- from its four wonderful performances to Nichols' stunning work -- looks and feels perfect.
Very adult, and very clever.
Next to Closer, most on-screen relationships seem too neat and polite, with tears shed only for effect, and feelings bruised but never really damaged.
A formerly startling string of episodes has become a prurient, static exercise in monochromatic tongue-lashing.
With crackling dialogue, Closer reaches out and grabs all but the most reluctant viewer. Some spectators will be bored, but more will be shaken and stirred.
In spite of the teasing promise of its title, Mike Nichols's deft drama does everything it can to push you away.
While the technique significantly streamlines things, it also strips away whatever makes us sympathize with or better understand the characters, leaving love and sex as unintelligible as ever.
It's a movie that demands more than one viewing to absorb all its ideas and feelings.
Portman, well, she shines. It's a performance that really does mark her entrance into movie adulthood.
The dialogue rewards us for playing close attention.
Closer gets about as close as it gets to showing how love sometimes makes people do awful things to each other.
"These photographs make sadness so beautiful that it's a lie."
This is director Mike Nichols' best theatrical effort in years.
It's a pleasure to see material this intelligent, a cast this inspired -- and Nichols in his Carnal Knowledge prime, operating with cold, silky expertise.
Smugly offensive.
[The characters'] allegiances shift so relentlessly and drastically that we are unable to tune into who they are.
The kind of drama that some will find provocative and groundbreaking; I just find it mean spirited.
Closer, way too stagy to be a movie, makes minutes feel like hours -- think Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf on Valium.
It's a rare film in that it thoroughly involves the audience without presenting a likable character.
like watching a terrible train wreck in excruciatingly slow motion
'Owen pretty much explodes onto the screen in what is sure to be remembered as his star making role.'
I hope Closer doesn't win an Oscar, or I'll have to see 10 more like it next year.
Heavy on a dialogue that cycles through clever, humorous, tedious, "Closer" examines love & commitment (& infractions thereof). Lacks emotive connection with audience.
Like [Neil] LaBute Lite--not nearly as sharp or stinging in terms of plot, and much more likely to fall back on repetition of the 'F' word to generate a reaction.
Closer is a scorching examination of the shadow side of love and the use of language as a weapon of mass destruction in intimate relationships.
...saved from its implausible emotional overtures by its unvarnished emotional minutiae.
More than three decades after the frank sex-talk of Nichols's early triumphs, Closer offers only a cozy and barely fashionable cynicism.
Terrific performances by Owen, Portman, Roberts, and Law
It's hard to tell whether Closer will be as controversial as Carnal Knowledge was in 1971, when it appeared during the sexual revolution and women's lib.
Beautiful people's selfish sex lives, tears, and glossy infidelity. Owen and Law weep for Roberts.
The sumptuous performances and tantalizing dialogue make even the most detestable of human behavior uncontrollably fascinating.
Funny, hurtful, splendidly acted.
One of the most viciously insightful relationship films this side of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Some may find it 'honest' or 'revealing.' Many others may recognize how shallow, even debased, the characters are, each in his or her own way bent on destructive behavior certain to sabotage love relationships.
With its pretty close-ups of pretty actors and pretty slow-motion shots set to pretty songs, Closer is scarcely complex-it's just, well, precious.











@highlight

Closer's talented cast and Mike Nichols' typically assured direction help smooth a bumpy journey from stage to screen.