With subplots about pregnant girlfriends, drug-dealing cousins, and other sob stories that are mentioned but not developed, Coach Carter's exceptional message is delivered with little imagination.
No one should have to sit in a movie theater desperately waiting for the half-time buzzer.
With another in a long line of strong performances by Jackson, and some excellent basketball choreography, Coach Carter is fun, hopeful, occasionally silly and, what can I say, inspiring.
Engaging film with a terrific message.
Samuel Jackson returns to form behind a long string of disappointing performances as an ethically minded basketball coach at a tough inner city high school in Richmond, California.
While the film is over the top at times, Coach Carter has a big heart that doesn't shy away from challenging the American education system.
How terribly ironic that the story of an educator who dared to challenge the mental capacity of his students can produce a film that so shamelessly spoon-feeds its audience.
By making the choices the filmmakers did here, we get a movie that may not be profound, but it's both highly entertaining for its sports and fascinating for its social issues.
...the movie is more concerned with the characters than with the sport. So it's a movie for anyone to enjoy.
A worthy addition to familiar triumph-of-the-underdog stories.
This is supposed to be about setting high standards, yet it's full of fudged ultimatums; in the end I couldn't be sure whether its morality was complex or just confused.
There's a kick butt performance from Samuel Jackson, the master of the take-no-prisoners motormouth school of acting, even if it is only a high school gym.
Far from groundbreaking--in fact, it doesn't have an original bone in its body--but as inspirational sports movies go, it's not half-bad.
Samuel L. Jackson shouts, yells, bellows, and screams his way through the fact-inspired film
Its main flaws are an overabundance of sports-movie clichés and hackneyed phrases, but at least the final game doesn't have a predictable ending; I'll give it that much.
On paper a routine sports yarn. On screen, thanks to Jackson refusing to phone it in, far more satisfying than you might expect.
Although this is an inspirational genre pic that pushes all the requisite buttons throughout, you canâ(TM)t help but feel that rather than benching the team, director Thomas Carter should have benched a few of those ham-fisted sporting clichÃ (C)s instead.
Cinematographer Sharon Meir and film editor Peter Berger brilliantly capture the magic, thrills and extraordinary talent of the fear-inspired players, putting their hearts and souls into the game.
Formulaico, é verdade, mas inteligente o bastante para utilizar os clichês a seu favor, sem se esquecer de incluir bons diálogos e uma mensagem relevante.
Slam Dunk!
Saved by bursts of energy and inventiveness.
Without Sam L. Jackson on hand, I suspect Coach Carter would be almost too generic to even deal with.
Thumbing its way through that well-worn inspirational-educator playbook at a leisurely pace, the picture is studiously unspectacular.
[Jackson] is, of course, born to shout things at teenagers on basketball courts and he delivers all the time-honoured usual speeches with his customary brilliance
Carter's story is inspirational...but Coach Carter gives only the earnest Hollywood version, when a bit more restraint and less embellishment would have worked just fine.
Over long and deeply manipulative, Coach Carter should nonetheless be praised for its far-from-fashionable celebration of personal advancement through academic achievement.
Put this movie on your must see list and enjoy a truly uplifting sports story.
The cast does its job, but the overly familiar screenplay is a problem.
Portrays high school basketball as a means to an end, not an end in itself.
There's no small pleasure in seeing a well-worn tale told with class and style.
Carter gives every sports-drama cliche a chance to play. No bad idea is benched.
Inspirational, laden with tough love, and on occasion a tad hokey. Stand and Deliver on the basketball court.
...manages the difficult task of balancing an intriguing story without being too sappy or preachy.
Too vicious to speak to bleeding-heart liberals, too pro-academia to speak to No Child Left Behind advocates, and too preachy to speak to youths.
Whenever the film leaves the court, it stumbles
Either real life is becoming more like a movie, or sports movies inspired by a true story exist in their own form of reality.
[Carter's] selfless actions against a failed education system register even when the movie surrounding him turns on itself.
For those in need of an uplifting story in our dumbed-down times, Coach Carter is a slam dunk.
As he's seen as the voice of righteousness, the film doesn't permit Carter a personal storyline, much less growth.
The fake Disney-like sentimentality melts away into a movie of refreshing idealism, and occasional doses of sobering honesty.
...familiar in its feel-good delivery...a solid student-athlete melodrama that creeps up on you more convincingly than a three-point shot at the buzzer
A sports flick that's a worthy addition to the genre.
Like every other inspiring teacher/coach movie, only less so.
Its 'Hoosiers' in the hood
He's the Good Coach; he knows these young men will lead good lives as long as he doesn't relent. Odd then, that the end doesn't seem like the result of a lot of hard work.
It's message might be delivered in the form of a sermon, but the message is such a good one, that errors can be forgiven.
Samuel L. Jackson's intense, dynamic presence lifts this film above the usual sports movie and makes it one to remember.
Entertaining ... but you do wish they'd tell the tale without funnelling it through Hollywood's inspirational movie assembly line.
Writers Mark Schwahn and John Gatins have a teen-movie pedigree, and they've kludged the film's true-life material into a conventional three-act shape instead of reimagining it as cinematic.
The only unpredictable thing, really, about Coach Carter is how engaging it turns out to be.
a solid genre story, and Jackson makes all that much better by his mere presence.
Much of it is far too shallow, of course, and Carter films it like a music video unfortunately diluting some of the power inherent in both the performances and the message.
Before you can say, "Gangsta's Paradise," Coach has motivated his team to focus on what's important -- winning.
Inspirational, entertaining and gripping.
...while Jackson has his moments on the hardwood pulpit, his even-tempered approach makes these couple of fiery moments that much more effective.
Not even Jackson's thundering dynamism lifts the drama from mediocrity.
An inspirational story that is radically diminished by the calm acceptance of out of wedlock pregnancy of black high school students and the shameless promotion of abortion.
Jackson's presence alone raises Coach Carter above the formula it clings to.
Inimitable, irrepressible and possibly the coolest man alive, Jackson ranks as the best reason to catch this Hoosiers in the 'hood. Happily, he's not the only one.
One of those highly effective conventional pictures that remind us that conventionality isn't always a bad thing.
The appeal lies in the genre's mixed marriage of liberal sensibilities to conservative values, a happy American union that simultaneously acknowledges the fact of social injustice while insisting on the need for individual responsibility.
The basketball footage is often thrilling, the camera whooshing through the action like a darting point guard.
Utterly intolerable with its indulgence in inner-city stereotypes, overt preaching and simple antidotes.
Delivers its commendable message with affecting eloquence.
No one will be surprised to learn that Jackson's Coach Carter is a shining slab of steel-rod charisma.
Must decency be dull?
Features bursts of humor and electrifying energy offset by speechifying and a dud of a subplot.
Nobody gives a more powerful locker room speech than Samuel L. Jackson, while decked out in spiffy suits and flashy neckties.
Like an Afterschool Special on steroids.
An earnest inspirational drama that mostly transcends its formulaic trappings.
Capable new performers surround Jackson, including young men who play a believable brand of high-flying basketball.
The movie relies on formula, but it's durable formula.
Jackson plays the coach with wit and authority. His imposing presence ensures that he won't have to take much guff, even from the toughest punk on the team.
You know how the last minute of a basketball game can take, like, 10 minutes to actually expire, what with time-outs and the commercials and all? Coach Carter is a lot like that.
The movie may consist of formulaic elements, but it excels on the strength of its cast and the sincerity of its message.
The inspirational tale becomes just another by-the-numbers, cliché-ridden sports film.
By the time you leave, Jackson will have you believing that his Coach Carter is a true original.
It's not only a sports movie with the usual big games and important shots, but also a coach movie, with inspiring locker room speeches and difficult moral decisions.
God love Coach Carter and what he's done to improve real kids' educations. But movies shouldn't feel like school, even when their subject is learning.
If not for the commanding presence of Samuel L. Jackson in the title role, this paint-by-numbers sports movie wouldn't have anything going for it.
It's an old story, but Coach Carter makes it urgent, insightful and inspirational.
The kind of boot-strap-pulling, tear-duct-tickling, I-am-Spartacus-crowing movie-on-a-mission that might rankle more cynical movie goers but sets hearts aflutter for most everyone else.
If only Shaq and Kobe had Coach Ken Carter (Samuel L. Jackson) at the helm, the two fellas would be holding hands, frolicking in fields of daisies and racking up a few more NBA titles.
In this film, basketball is not a metaphor; it's a hard-played game that requires skill, conditioning, intelligence and effective teamwork.
While there's no denying its positive message, there's also no denying that it offers absolutely nothing fresh or innovative.
The film comes to what seems like a logical stopping point -- and then continues for another 30 minutes to a conclusion that only muddles its messages. In the end, what could have been a decent little sports drama is bloated and overlong.
No arguing with the message: The movie's eager to tell its audience (especially young viewers) that there's life beyond a basketball court, and they ought to prepare for it.
Great performance by Samuel Jackson but predictable as a slam dunk.
Clearly there was a publicity hound somewhere inside the coach when he made his lockout a TV spectacle, but the movie avoids any such interesting shadows.
Fairly standard sports-movie fare but well-acted, suitably gritty, lightly comic in the right places and sweet without being saccharine.
How do you put this message across without it seeming medicinal? Sure, MTV is among the movie's producers, but what 11th grader wants to spend a Friday night being hit with such a blunt instrument?
High school basketball is more than a game in this satisfying flick topped by Samuel L. Jackson's easy-to-watch lead performance.
A cinematic slam-dunk.
The movie would have been even stronger if it had thrown out some of its extraneous characters and complications ... and narrowed its focus. Still, its message comes through.
Thomas Carter ... produces a film that sizzles on the court, but loses heat in the sub-plots and backstory.
If you can claw your way through some ugly material and shoddy direction, there are some good messages here that can be warmly received.
With the possible exception of Tommy Lee Jones, no one is better suited to dish out stone-faced, my-way-or-the-highway discipline than Jackson.
Filled with cliches, a run-of-the-mill screenplay and the groan-inducing MTV Films formula.
There is a lot of excitement and tension as the team progresses in the season. The only problem is the need to show every game - it suffers from overkill.
The combination of believable ball play, solid performances and hard-nosed inspiration make for worthwhile entertainment during this post-holiday season.
Predictable, schmaltzy, and old as the hills, but so well-made that it is a sort of triumph.
The young cast is more sure of themselves shooting hoops than showing emotion, but Jackson holds the screen so well that he gives them extra focus and presence.
The clear irony of this genre is that it seeks to tell the story of a rebel in as conventional a way as possible.
In the film, Coach Carter orders his students to maintain a 2.3 grade point average. If he were to review his own movie, we imagine he'd propose a similar kind of deal.
The surprises come in filmmaker Thomas Carter's refusal to wholly give in to clichés.
Coach Carter is like the coach's players themselves: there's more to the film than first meets the eye...
A mealy conglomeration of high-school-sports movies, teacher-who-motivates-students movies, and inner-city-kids-have-a-tough-life movies.
In the title role, Jackson holds himself like an exclamation point.
Nothing but the coach's gutsy move and the fact that it really happened distinguishes this movie from a litany of past basketball dramas.
It qualifies its thrill of victory with a very sober message: few high school athletes become NBA millionaires, many are cheated out of an education.
The movie's not all didactic. It's also fun, thanks to exuberant actors Antwon Tanner, Channing Tatum, Rob Brown, Rick Gonzalez, Robert Ri'chard and other Richmond Oilers.
The man himself and what he accomplishes take a back seat to unnecessary subplots that drag down the movie.
The main problem with Coach Carter can be summed up simply: too much sermonizing.
If you've spent a week with CBS' prime-time lineup, you've heard this tune a million times.
The movie's 'message' -- life is more than just sports -- is delivered with the delicacy of a piano dropped from a fifth-story window.
Coach Carter will be greeted with reviews that overflow with sports metaphors. Let's just say that the movie scores solidly.
Samuel L. Jackson plays the real-life coach of a high school basketball team in this solid, unsurprising sports drama.
The movie's moral messages are all on target. Too bad the movie is much, much too long and Jackson gives one of his dullest performances ever.
With his steely, don't-mess-with-me aura, Jackson is ideally cast as Carter. When he blows his whistle and demands that everyone do wind sprints, you might think he means you, too.
For all Coach Carter's moralizing, it is an eminently palatable drama, and Samuel L. Jackson -- who has certainly been known to take nobility to the nth degree -- is first-rate as Carter.
An inspirational film about a high school coach who has the gall to suggest that athletes must make their mark in the classroom as well as on the basketball court.
Samuel L. Jackson, who has pretty much been swaggering through recent roles, straightens up and brings a steely, dignified strength to the title role.
The film nicely balances the stories, allowing some of the teammates to emerge as believably streetwise characters.
Thank goodness then for go-to guy Jackson. He takes what could have been a cardboard cliche role and puts flesh on it with his flamboyant intelligence.
Treats its subject in such a neutered, worshipful fashion that it ultimately does the actual accomplishment a disservice.
Aside from maybe "Friday Night Lights," I can't think of another recent sports movie that dared to suggest athletic achievement isn't a worthy goal in and of itself.
A rather exceptionally counter-cultural "teen movie"...raises authentic youth concerns and answers them with convincing integrity.
Even Samuel L. Jackson's performance can't save this glorified press release from its "been there, done that" fate.
Each of the side stories is played out in excruciating detail and seems to exist in entirely different movies, all of which will be tied up into bows by the end.
Jackson's ... fire-and-brimstone delivery adds a much-needed edge to the inspirational cliches.
When critics join in accepting this junk, is it any wonder few directors bother with fresh visions?
Director Thomas Carter, working from a script by Mark Schwahn and John Gatins, manages to elevate the clichés into a surprisingly engaging, enjoyable two hours.
Utilizes an alternating formula of motivational speeches and current hip-hop tracks meant to sell Coach Carter soundtracks.
Is there anything in movies less convincing than a high-school ne'er-do-wells get-down-and-study montage?
As the film grinds on, without any actual actors to work against, Jackson starts to look marooned and eventually seems to give up trying.
An entertaining mix of Stand and Deliver and Remember the Titans with a charismatic performance by Samuel L. Jackson.
Both an inspirational sports movie and an unexpected multi-level urban drama that plays by its own clock.
It's ultimately Jackson, with a winning combination of no-nonsense authority and quirky charisma, not to mention a love of flashy neckties, who breathes life into the film bearing his character's real name.
A cross between Stand And Deliver and Hoosiers,...it's no all-star, but not a bench-warmer either.
"...one of the best films of its genre."
very good film with the kind of message people need to hear more often, especially teens and spoiled athletes (maybe Randy Moss and Shaun Alexander could see the movie).
A new millennium hybrid of Dangerous Minds and Hoosiers.
Takes the 'everything-but-the-kitchen-sink' approach. Leaves no sports cliche unturned and no chance for inspirational feel-good moments unvisited.






@highlight

Even though it's based on a true story, Coach Carter is pretty formulaic stuff, but it's effective and energetic, thanks to a strong central performance from Samuel L. Jackson.