At least the ultimate message is a positive one, and the villains get their comeuppance, but this is rough stuff, indeed.
Leap! is an absolutely delightful, fun, and at times heartbreaking film that's perfect for girls.
The Weinsteins' latest animation is a faux pas de deux.
Leap is a little rough around the edges, but you won't mind at all because its positivity is downright contagious.
Inconsistent, often anachronistic and barely functional animated feature, aimed at pre-teens. Wait for the DVD.
The final product just isn't strong enough to share the stage with the kind of animated heavyweights that will justify movie tickets for all the kids.
Leap! wants to be a grand jeté, but it's stuck in first position.
The well-chosen voice cast helps make this a fairly engaging tale, even though the film is riddled with a wealth of head-scratching anachronistic errors.
It's an insipid film, to the surprise of, I hope, absolutely nobody.
Leap! follows a pretty simple formula, but the animation during the ballet scenes is lively and well-done. It's spirited enough to keep the film from feeling too familiar.
The result is a sort of Flashdance for the Teletubbies set, not as obnoxiously atrocious as The Nut Job 2 (let's hope that record stands for a while), but really no better.
The anachronistic pop songs actually work quite nicely with the scenes of classical dancing, and will most likely help hold the attention of the little ones.
A film that doesn't even earn the punctuation it forces upon its audience.
The French animated adventure Leap! is at turns stupendous and insufferable, the film never showing enough faith in its audience in order for the lovely little scenario of resilience and fortitude at the heart of things to ever resonate . . .
Technology has reached the point where lower-budgeted CGI films can at least look better than video games, but Leap! still suffers from stiff motion and muted facial expressions. Worse, it has terribly anonymous design.
Animated ballet adventure is heartwarming but uneven.
The film is lively enough, and its visuals engaging enough, to entertain its young audience.
More of a dunce movie than a dance movie.
Though the mix of poppy power anthems and Tchaikovsky isn't seamless and the familiar plot points are less than transporting, there's a beating heart to this tween story to match its exuberant dance sequences.
An animated fairytale that adheres to formula, but manages to stick its landing.
Leap! is routine and dull.
Though "Leap" does have its share of silly moments, overall it is delightful entertainment for young and old alike, a sweet inspirational story.
One of the few animated films this summer aimed squarely at female audiences, Leap! is cute and heartfelt, even if the story itself is fairly typical.
Even the moments of grace are eventually stained by the bodily functions humor and flurry of pratfalls that are always around the corner.
So many haphazard elements to "Leap!" that it never comes together.
"Leap!" would be amiable if a bit dull if not for a crucial misjudgment about the main character's choices and completely unfounded total changes of personality.
The script is brimming with half-baked ideas, drilling far too much fluffy nonsense about achieving one's dreams into our skulls before the film crosses the 10-minute mark.
The most entertaining and sensitively handled parts of Leap! are in the more human-sized feelings of nurtured passion and artistic bonding that any good tale of the fleet of foot requires.
This is another case of micromanaged demographics that end up disappointing all
Leap! tends to be thoughtless, pandering and rife with historical lapses.
Upon closer examination, the tale of empowerment is not a terribly strong one.
Félicie deserves better. So does dance.
"Leap!" is a step up from Weinstein's "Shrek"-on-a-budget "Hoodwinked" films, and it makes the most of its distinctly Old World aesthetic and enticing character design.
The animated film requires some suspension of disbelief, but it mostly succeeds thanks to its Parisian setting and its heroine's charm.
It is a colorful, delightful children's film that young girls may find inspiring, too.
Spends too much time on autopilot, failing to follow through on its rather bold decision to tell a tale that doesn't involve cuddly, slapstick creatures.
Possibly your only chance to experience Mel Brooks, Carly Rae Jepsen, Tchaikovsky and the enduring, cross-cultural mojo of The Karate Kid all in one movie.
Cliches, cheap laughs, narrative short cuts and budget animation undermine an otherwise sweet tale of self-empowerment that should have stuck the landing.
While the debut release from the Weinstein Company's new 'toon venture sets its dancing against some spectacular backdrops, there are nagging issues with spotty character animation and endlessly predictable storytelling.
It understandably wants to deliver the message that you can achieve anything if you just put your heart into it. That might hold true for boxing, karate and even Olympic bobsledding - but ballet? What's French for "get real"?
While the animation here is reasonably polished for a lower-tier cartoon, it struggles with how to best depict dancing, an action not always well-suited to this medium.
Although the movie is easy enough to watch, it leaves essentially no impression once it's over.
Inoffensive but bland, a composite that carefully incorporates elements from other movies into what seems a prefabricated construct rather than something imaginative and innovative.
"LEAP!" is a fine-enough background movie and one young kids might very well take to, but it's just mystifying how lazily the story components seem to have been put together. . .
Charming and frequently funny. It has a truly inspiring message about perseverance for children.
You've seen it all before, though it's pleasant enough to watch again.
For the cinematic dregs of late August, the earnest and quirky Leap! is charmingly en pointe.
An underdog story but one with a young female protagonist that isn't afraid to go after what she wants and strives to achieve her dream.
Sentimental, watchable but dull.
The story is inherently heart-tugging. There are some cute and cheeky moments and the animated ballet scenes swirl and twirl. But this cartoon comes up short in the charm and consistency departments.
The film's careful attention to detail in the animation is continuously undermined by a formulaic plot and anxious pandering to contemporary sensibilities.
Even if it never quite takes the risks implied by its exclamatory title ... "Leap!" follows the established steps with general grace and good humor.

@highlight

From its bland story to its unremarkable animation, Leap! does little to distinguish itself from a long list of like-minded -- and superior -- family-friendly alternatives.