The sound of Jigsaw's gravely voice pouring out of the tape recorder is still as ominous a sound as one could imagine, and the big reveals still come as a genuine shock.
It may not be one of the horror greats that many people seem to make it out to be, but Saw is crafty and ambitious enough to warrant a horror buff's time.
The horror flick Saw started a chain-Saw of sequels and that is now one of the most successful of the chop-and-slash variety. It's not a bad way to spend a Halloween evening.
How such a cruelly empty and infantile movie got made is mystery enough. More puzzling is why Cary Elwes, Danny Glover and Monica Potter would sign on as co-stars.
James Wan's horror film Saw is full of demented twists and guilty-looking actors, but the scenario is cruel enough to make you squirm.
Saw is a sub-Se7en B-movie serial killer chiller with more high concepts stuffed into its 100 minutes than it can handle.
[A] contrived, unlovable gore-fest with a high-concept premise.
It is all, of course, total nonsense. But for horror fans it's good nonsense, in the way that a creepy urban legend told by flashlight in a tent at 2 a.m. can be fine and dandy nonsense.
There's something impressively loathsome and extravagantly twisted about this horror-thriller from first-timer James Wan.
As a study in the macabre, it barely suffices; as a sick and bloody joke, it's bloody sick.
Though dumber than a box of rocks, Saw forges ahead with the kind of conviction and energy that will keep bad-cinema junkies sitting bolt upright.
Just when you think you've got it sussed, the movie throws in some audacious twists, resulting in one of the most memorable climaxes in recent screen history.
A pared-down psychological thriller with an ingenious hook, this grubby little B-movie gets straight As for effort.
Inventive and diverting entertainment for fans of moody horror mysteries. And the end is cool. Say no more.
[Its] sadism is topped only by its absurdity.
More grisly than scary; not for kids.
The horror genre takes a new direction using extreme violence to support a surprisingly evocative story of redemptive torture.
"Saw" has it all. Gore, violence, an excellent script, and top notch tension all put together with a whopper of a horror outing.
Having lifted itself up so high in some ways, it's a shame that, in the end, the film sinks down to the level of just being another dumb horror movie.
It's a brutal, vicious, well done psychological thriller that will leave you disturbed for days.
The inconsistencies and incongruities mar the overall result, but it's a fierce enough premise to excite some investors to believe this team can do better and perhaps even bloodier.
The setup is gripping, and the suspense intense, but the third act -- the payoff for sitting through such harrowing material -- is a major misfire.
we all need more Glover in our lives
Effectively ugly.
There is such a storm of terrible dialogue in Saw as to legitimately draw comparisons to none less than Ed Wood.
Saw gets by on its mood of industrial dread.
While the great idea gets squandered, it remains a fun flick, certainly above the par of many other genre films.
Why see Saw? Because it has teeth and it cuts to the bone.
Able to hold interest most of the way through, unraveling back stories that feel as if they might lead to something. But then the ending arrives.
As good an all-out, non-camp horror movie as we've had lately.
Blood splatter antics take over and make it a tough watch for the queasy and those who still consider themselves sane.
just another collection of horror movie cliches
...though Elwes has received a lot of criticism for his work here, the actor delivers a surprisingly effective performance that feels believable and appropriate...
If the film had contained more scenes of intensity and less action, gore, twists and shocks, maybe it could have been a classic of the genre.
A twisted tale of torture and deception, Saw is a gritty Halloween snack that all trick-or-treaters should chew on.
The simple setup ropes us in immediately and never lets up, and some of the imagery will stick with even the most hardened viewer for days.
Saw's overly elaborate, sporadically effective do-or-die games ultimately don't make the cut.
Original, sorprendente, terrible, intensa. Un recuerdo de lo que el cine de terror y thriller debe ser, una historia que te atrapa, y te corta en pedazos.
Saw has a surprising number of tricks up its sleeve.
If you're looking for a geniunely scary movie, keep looking because Saw isn't it. Sadistic, yes. Gory, yes. But not scary.
Elwes in particular chews so much scenery I'm surprised any of the set was left for them to shoot the movie on.
Capped by a final plot twist so insane I almost feel obligated to salute it out of respect for its sheer lunacy.
I'm glad I saw "Saw" because it was pretty good.
I couldn't stop laughing through the whole mess, and unless you have a high tolerance for pretentious, nonsensical, unscary crap, you'll be laughing, too.
Vile, bleak, and dismal.
"Saw"'s intriguing and genuinely creepy premise is quickly undone by the limitations of both the script and the performers.
the concept is appealing, and to see it acted out in front of your eyes is a guilty thrill.
Out of Seven, I give it a 4. Genuinely creepy, however.
Yipes!
The filmmakers should have put more effort into searching for a decent lead actor and less into depicting torturous ways for people to die.
A brilliant thriller – terrifying and relentless.
Clumsy, but crudely effective; liberating in its horrific imagery, but undone by the very same.
This is the kind of scare-fest that gets under your skin but is too busy elsewhere to penetrate your defenses.
Atrocious...I was fully ready to give up an arm and a leg to escape.
Horror fans will find plenty to shriek about. Everyone else should keep their distance.
It's never a good thing to find yourself laughing during a horror thriller, particularly one with a menacing title like Saw. But laugh, laugh, laugh you will.
Be prepared for plenty of grisly doings, including the performance of Cary Elwes in one of the most classically awful performances since the advent of the talking picture.
Wan struggles to bring this hallow hedonistic horror show to its full potential. Sadly, this Saw doesn't quite cut through the tumultuous malarkey
A pointless exercise in shock value.
This one does its bloody job fairly well, but it'll be interesting to see what Wan and Whannell are able to achieve when they get a bigger budget.
A constantly surprising and extraordinarily tense Halloween treat.
... the cross-bred horror-thriller you've been waiting for since Seven.
James Wan's feature directorial debut is chock full of narrative holes and gratuitous gore.**
It is a more intelligent entry than most blood and gore flicks. But it has too much blood and killing for my taste.
Saw falls apart under reflection, but serves an efficient 2-hours for hardcore horror-junkies.
Saw dances close to the edge of cliche, but doesn't fall into the pit too often. It sets up some excellent red herrings, and I was satisfied with the ending.
Saw is all gristle and no meaty scares
Serial-killer chiller isn't jaw-droppingly terrifying, but it's not terrifyingly bad, either.
Chooses gore for the sake of gore, and cuts its own throat.
Saw has art-house ambitions, but it's nothing but a glorified snuff film. I despised this movie.
...delves a bit too giddily into the cruel and torturous techniques of its villain.
Some misguided critics are praising the film for its originality. Instead, it ought to be condemned as nothing less than Nazi filmmaking.
While a tad derivative, Saw shows promise of better things to come from Whannell's imagination and Wan's composition.
See SAW . . . see SAW start to suck . . . See SAW suck away 2 hours
Saw has its moments, and most of them are brutal in the extreme, but ultimately it's one tremendous misfire that will either leave you laughing or, possibly, gagging.
Sick, demented, wrong, and just the sort of movie we deserve at Halloween time.
Raises the level of gore delightfully higher.
"Saw" leaves its audience saying "Eewww" in appreciation.
Saw n'est pas un film d'horreur des plus réussis, ni un film particulièrement brillant [mais] il dépasse aisément le niveau des Scream et compagnie.
The failure is in the execution, and as script, direction and even make-up are abysmal, it is very difficult to believe a moment of Saw.
Maybe if the acting were less hysterical, the characters and their fates might arouse emotions other than repugnance and indifference
A twistily clever psychothriller which affirms life's value even as it sends all hope down the drain.
Saw simply doesn't cut it.
So over the top that even the recruited audience of non-critics at my screening began to howl.
A twisted, squirm-inducingly nasty bit of work.
A strenuously morbid assembly of deranged-genius- serial-killer movie conventions cribbed from just about every popular post-Hannibal Lecter movie imaginable.
The Internet film geeks are salivating over this one. But humans who live above ground, including horror fans, will find themselves only fitfully entertained and more consistently appalled.
A gratuitous, if often successfully creepy exercise in sadomasochistic filmmaking, Saw features some of the worst acting I have ever seen in a mainstream film with an experienced cast.
An ingenious machine for inducing terror, rage, and paralyzing unease.
A sick, twisted, deliriously entertaining horror thriller that rivals The Texas Chainsaw Massacre for sheer, relentless intensity.
Terrifying at some moments and insinuatingly creepy at many others.
A bloody, repugnant world that will offend all but hard-core horror fans.
A derivative combination of Seven and Fear Factor, and a work of cynical corporate-style branding posing as independent hustle.
Neither a deep, psychological thriller nor a mindless slasher flick, this is one skillfully made, if admittedly superficial, creepout.
What makes Saw so awful is that it starts with a clever premise and then completely blows it.
Saw is a lesson in the redemptive power of a clever ending, how five minutes of inspiration can compensate for an hour and a half of mediocrity.
There are a few cheap thrills, but not enough to make sitting through the senseless plot even remotely worthwhile.
A gore movie with no teeth.
Where Seven seemed to radiate diabolical evil, Saw just radiates idiocy.
Some have suggested that this is an intentional genre parody, but it's really the same old saw with uglier teeth.
For most of its running time, Saw is a cleverly mounted brain teaser that relies less on gore than on mystery and growing panic.
Seven, Silence of the Lambs, Cube, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, XXX and Session Nine all played with similar themes and did so infinitely better.
Wan and Whannell layer their sicko spectacle with the trappings of traditional horror, yet each convention is twisted just enough to give it a ragged razor edge.
Its hellish extremes more oppressive than entertaining.
The film is so convoluted and full of garbled loose ends you can feel the different script drafts battling it out for attention on screen.
Movies like this exist only so filmmakers can mess with the viewer's mind, and moviegoers who allow it engage in tawdry masochism.
Horrible acting aside, it's the kind of Halloween treat that'll have you checking your backseat after leaving the theater.
Just another grisly puzzle with no agenda except to convince us that hell would look pretty good after spending almost two hours in this hole.
This gimmicky serial-killer thriller is pretty laughable, despite the gruesome subject matter and its graphic, often nauseating gore.
Has plenty of edge-of-the-seat thrills and some sick and twisted memorable moments, but wait to rent it.
An efficiently made thriller, cheerfully gruesome, and finally not quite worth the ordeal it puts us through.
A fun ride if you don't think too much about it after it's over.
Saw often resembles the ghastliest editions yet of Fear Factor and Survivor and features some of the grodiest direction this side of Project Greenlight.
[Saw is] spoiled by its own insatiable desire for envelope-pushing flair; it's wider-scoped when it should be intimate, splashy instead of subtle, icky but not scary.
Though it has its share of unsettling moments, it's not nearly as scary as it wants to be.
Saw's serial killing is classically grotesque, with emphasis on bodily abuses, in that low-budget-make-a-splash sort of way.
Even veteran horror fans that treat slice-and-dice crime dramas like this as emotional theme park rides are likely to feel unsettled at first.
Il a beau être imparfait, les amateurs de morbidité ne voudront pas manquer Décadence/Saw.
Saw doesn't cut it. Any movie that makes you giggle when you should be freaking-out scared has missed the mark - less would have been more.
The gripping, bloodcurdling Saw is the best serial-killer thriller since Bill Paxton's Frailty.
I take it as proof that Saw is half a parody of serial-killer movies... that Elwes goes stark raving bonkers off-the-deep-end awful in the film's final moments.
Fans of industrial music finally have a mainstream movie release that represents their zeitgeist
I can't quite work up the nerve to fully recommend it (that ending is really awful) but I do appreciate the energy and skill that it has been made with.
Saw is laughable, but it's worth laughing at.
Proves that a film can be intellectually stimulating and as freaky as your cat on acid.
Elwes is simply jaw-dropping -- a hysterical tornado of overemoting who puts William Shatner at his hammiest to shame.
... the most extreme entry yet in the bleak and dusky splinter of American thrillers about criminal geniuses with messianic egos and sadistic torments...
Why don't serial killers just kill people anymore?
Too many twists, turns, false solutions, implausibilities and impossibilities.
Tyro director James Wan...is obviously a huge David Fincher fan as "Saw" ransacks both "Se7en" and "The Game" albeit in bargain basement fashion
James Wan's sadistic, Halloween-ready gore fest suggests a reality television competition like Fear Factor, carried to the nth degree of cruelty.
Though crudely drawn, clumsily acted and 20 minutes too long, Saw is just ingenious enough to hold your interest.
Saw carelessly underscores its own shaky narrative at every turn with its mid-budget hokiness.
Saw is a marketing campaign in search of a movie.
What few moviegoers will like is the film's insistence on dwelling in the underbelly of taste.
A grisly thriller that plays like a bargain-basement rehash of other, better movies.
Saw isn't as good as Seven, but it more than lives up to the promise implied in the name of the company that made it: Twisted Films.
If every year has a Showgirls, Saw is the prime candidate for 2004.
Saw is nothing more than a poor man's Seven, right down to the casting of Glover as the Morgan Freeman-like black cop.
The film is a squeamish exercise, like watching a cruel child pull the wings off flies.
A gruesome blast of psychological horror that is so giddily pumped up with nasty hormones, you can't help but dissolve into laughter at the same time as you are hiding your eyes.
The gore is relentless and in your face, and if you grew up glued to the old Universal fright flicks like I did, you won't want to miss a minute of the mayhem.
You may scream & wince more from the pain of witnessing poor Cary Elwes overact his way through the film than you will from all the bloody scenes in Saw added together.
If you're looking for something more meaningful than visceral shocks, Saw won't cut it.
Saw boasts an undeniably original premise and clever plot machinations that lift it several notches above the usual slasher film level.
Saw is a nasty, nasty piece of business. And I mean that in the nicest possible way.
A creepy raw classic. This movie is terrifying.
As gory a guilty pleasure as Saw is at the outset, it falls prey to the postulate that no one knows how to end a thriller without resorting to surprise without sense.
Messy and rather revolting, but carrying an undeniable visceral impact. On that level, Saw works. It just happens to be a very low level.
Whannell and Wan ... come up with some of the most twisted stuff you have never imagined.
A bad film badly written, badly performed, badly scored, and most of all, badly directed, Saw's a mess, a waste of flesh. And I don't mean that in a good way.
The terror has started immediately, and won't relent until the final frame. No, make that five minutes after the final frame.
In this age of cookie cutter thrillers, here's one that, for better or worse (or a bit of both), stands apart from the pack.
The back-shelf-of-the-video-store horror geek in me was intermittently entertained.
An unsatisfying copout that falls apart five minutes after you leave the theater
Sick as the story is, it's the visuals that give Saw it's visceral punch.
While it doesn't live up to its reputation of being one of the most disturbing horror films ever made, it does have its fair share of deliciously twisted moments.
James Wan's Saw starts off incomprehensibly, turns nasty in a hurry, and ultimately induces numb exhaustion.
Showcases gratuitous gore and the ubiquitously macabre bells and whistles that pass themselves off as fear.
On the strength of a grippingly original concept and 90 strong minutes of building action, Saw gets a recommendation, but only if you like this kind of thing.
I'm sure there's an audience somewhere for this sick sort of story, but I couldn't stomach it.
Predictably, the twists exist for their own sake and aren't grounded in character or theme.
A refreshingly grim and cynical film for adults only.
Saw is a film that scared me in the cinema and made me make sure the wardrobe door was shut when I went to bed that night!
Saw is a taut, well-made thriller that unravels at the end, leaving behind nothing but a mess.
real horror arises from the stuff of genuine nightmares, stuff that the story-writing duo examines with intimate, even salacious, detail
Dark and twisted.
Director James Wan hits the grisly button without shame.
My only disappointment after the arterial mayhem here is with the final resolution, but I'm not going to be so aberrated as to tell you what it is.
And I thought the slow-motion flying flesh of The Passion of the Mel was sadistic. It's Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo placed alongside James Wan's grizzly Saw.
See Saw!
Deliriously inventive and sadistically cruel.
Complex, tricksy, gruesome and thoroughly entertaining.
There are cheaply effective if unoriginal scares. Filmmakers bring a certain verve to such moments; but building atmosphere and suspense is well beyond them. Ditto handling actors.
This disturbing and violent movie gleefully plays with our minds as it twists and turns through its tricky, menacing plot.
Though the film does work marginally well as a satire of modern serial killer thrillers and their Byzantine games of cat-and-mouse, I have a hunch that's the zeitgeist's doing
May be the best independent horror film to have come out since The Blair Witch Project. It's certainly better than Blair Witch, and more fun, more gruesome, and more macabre.
A film that will please the blood buffs, mildly amuse the kiddies and make the adults say 'puh-lease'.
A freakishly entertaining, edge-of-your-seat whodunit with both psychosomatic implications and the landscape drenched in the thick red stuff
A cult classic waiting to happen for those who like their Horror Movies dark, smart, twisted and hard.
If Whannell's script doesn't get all the talky parts quite right, he certainly nails the mechanics of telling the story: what to reveal, when to reveal it, and so on.



@highlight

Saw is more than nasty enough for genre junkies, but far too twisted, gory, and shallow for more discerning horror fans.