This isn't as soulful or heart-warming as Paddington, but as children's movies with adult appeal go, it is considerably more entertaining and engaging than you might have been led to expect. No classic, but terrifically enjoyable nonetheless.
Never as sophisticated as Paddington, the film is still disarmingly ridiculous and often surprisingly bold in its sense of humour.
Peter Rabbit is fun and easy to like. Yes, it's targeted at children but there's a surprising amount of humour on offer for the adult crowd.
At least Peter Rabbit knows how to finish on time. [Full Review in Spanish]
There is an excess of melodrama and sentimentality, a widespread evil in animation. [Full Review in Spanish]
Watching Peter Rabbit, though, is a fun way to spend the remainder of the school holidays with the young ones at the cinema.
It's a perfect family entertainment. The children will surely enjoy it and the film will give the adults a chance to be a kid again. Sony has majorly upped their game as far as animation is concerned.
Director Will Gluck does a decent job and the script, although not robust, will keep children - the primary target audience for this film - engaged and entertained.
The wee ones might relate to the rabbit shenanigans, but overall, Peter Rabbit falls short.
In the same way it's difficult to truly feel anything for this feel, it's impossible not to have sympathy; at least it's honest. [Full Review in Spanish]
Peter Rabbit walks a very fine line between desecration and veneration of the source. It sure ain't your nana's Potter. But neither is it done without wit, intelligence and respect.
Young children will find enough to enjoy in this tale of rabbits, which themselves look like animated plushy toys.
This isn't your grandparents' Beatrix Potter...
More than anything, Gluck seems bored with the material, and worried that his audience will be too. Unfortunately, making the action more frenetic only adds to the sense of desperation.
The blend of animation and live action feels natural and even at its most ridiculous points, the film is still irresistibly likeable. It may not look like much at first but Peter Rabbit is an unexpected pleasure.
Unfortunately, Peter Rabbit doesn't even bother trying to make the jump.
While kids will definitely enjoy the CGI creatures and the carnage and wisecracks they wreak, the real stars of the movie are the main trio of human actors.
Gleeson is gifted at physical comedy and when the script stops trying too hard it works.
It's sad to see how the common sense of some people has been over-estimated by an animated bunny rabbit.
Everything is based on physical humor and gags characteristic of the old and dear animated Merrie Melodies cartoons... [Full review in Spanish]
...this winning, seamless mix of animation and live action happily marries the antique charms of an historic classic with the cinematic bravura of today.
Gleeson and his committed stunt doubles fall down stairs impressively and often. The voice cast for the animated animals (Robbie, Ridley et al) is absurdly starry and game. Expect many, many sequels to this solid family comedy.
... the film pulls off moments as reflective as they are emotional, that evoke its literary source. [Full review in Spanish]
The physical comedy between the small, quick-footed rabbit and [Domhnall] Gleeson's tall gangly adversary is nicely calibrated - even if the CGI-live action blend sometimes strains.
[The rabbits are] hard to love (though kids may be amused by them), and this film would be pretty much unwatchable were it not for a delightful slapstick comic turn by Gleeson.
This is Beatrix Potter, for goodness sake, not Jackass.
The film has a few passable jokes, though, and let's face it: not all children yearn for faithful adaptations of ancient whimsy.
The animation is slick, the side characters are amusing and there are a couple of decent gags that Gluck, unfortunately, can't help repeating.
Beatrix Potter's children's books may have been out of copyright since 2014, but that's no excuse for this manure-scented take on her best-known tale.
I found neither blackberrygate nor Corden particularly offensive, and the film as a whole quite fun.
And the real magic here is the remarkable job done in terms of the CGI. It's ridiculously good. At this point, you don't even notice the blend of animation and real-lifers. It's seamless.
What have they done to our beloved bunny?
I heard the under-tens laughing merrily, and maybe that should be the only test of a good children's film; not how far it diverges from the much-loved original book.
The new Peter Rabbit film could only really be improved with the addition of one thing: unfortunately, it's myxomatosis.
It's good enough.
Doesn't so much capture the spirit of the beloved children's picture book as take the basic idea hostage, sentence it to death and jump up and down on its grave.
When, oh when will someone take the twee merchandisable ickiness of Beatrix Potter's great creation Peter Rabbit and turn it into a sassy live-action animation like Babe or Alvin and the Chipmunks?
In an era when so many animated features are so cloying, the slapstick, malice and offbeat humour here can't help but seem bracing and refreshing.
Will Gluck's high-speed digimation romp is best whenever it stops still, even screeches still, to comment tartly on the iconic. Not just iconic-Potterish; also iconic-proverbial.
Take your paws off our Potter! This CGI reboot of our beloved bunny can hop it.
Peter Rabbit is not just one of the worst films to be released this year, but it's also a gigantic missed opportunity.
It's uneven but charming, but ultimately a fine family film, with some excellent turns by Domhnall Gleeson and Sam Neill.
The animals are cute and Gleeson is extremely game. What keeps Peter from *Paddington*-style delight is a self-conscious need to distance itself from its source material.
The adventure will not fully capture your heart but holds enough charm for one to go down the rabbit hole with this lot.
...an amiable (if rather forgettable) bit of family-friendly entertainment.
[Domhnall] proves to be a natural comedian as he bumbles his way around the countryside trying to get rid of Peter.
There's just enough acknowledgment of the source material to keep Potter purists from mounting their high horses in anger, while confidently establishing a strong enough premise for a long-running franchise on its own merits.
'Peter Rabbit' is shrill and surprisingly violent - far from the atmosphere of the beloved Beatrix Potter books.
The movie remains an object lesson in how not to adapt a beloved volume to the screen.
This Peter is...the Ferris Bueller of rabbits. As such, many will love him, and many will find his zany wisecracks, blatant selfishness, and borderline amorality repulsive.
The Peter Rabbit movie has an identity crisis. There are literally two different Peter Rabbit movies that are inside of the same movie and it can never decide which Peter Rabbit movie it wants to be. Which is a shame.
A joyous accomplishment that succeeds with ample helpings of heart, panache and humor.
Funny and charming, this updated take on the classic story works thanks to a great cast and impressive visuals. [Full review in Spanish]
Almost completely devoid of charm or appeal on any level other than morbid curiosity.
Beatrix Potter's classic characters arrive on the big screen like a modern version of Tom & Jerry. [Full Review in Spanish]
This movie-Peter was mostly cheeky, rarely sad, and often scheming. And why was he so possessive, even obsessive, about humans and their gardens? Old Peter gave himself up for lost, and shed big tears.
What makes this agitated update ultimately watchable is the obvious chemistry between Byrne and Gleeson and the honestly excellent CGI animation of Peter and company.
It's a bearable and often amusing form of entertainment for a Sunday afternoon with your entire family.
Peter Rabbit" isn't without its odd delights, and while it won't serve as the definitive version of Beatrix Potter's adoring, timeless creation, Gluck's film may find a way to burrow into your heart.
Transformed into a 'hip' hybrid live-action/animated adventure, Peter and his pals find their scampering gets a bit strained, as the silly slapstick gets a bit too sadistic.
A movie that looks great, tries hard to be cute, but never quite manages to capture your heart in the way Beatrix Potter's original stories do.
Cute and surprisingly funny, Peter Rabbit coasts on a great comedic turn from Domhnall Gleeson.
Nothing here your average 4 year old wouldn't adore, though a little James Corden goes a LONG way.
Surprisingly charming. Corden kills it. Gleeson and Byrne are amusingly mismatched. Buster Keaton and Hanna and Barbera would have loved it.
The wonderful "Paddington 2" managed to be wondrous, hilarious and kindhearted, all at the same time, effortlessly. "Peter Rabbit," on the other hand, is all effort.
Brings the original's watercolor illustrations to uncanny life with a harder edge than its gentle source material.
One wonders if that time telling the audience how chill, smart and funny the movie is wouldn't have been better spent on actually making the movie genuinely smart and funny.
It just happens to be clever, and funny, and moves as fast as a tyke on a sugar bender. If you squint hard enough, you'll also find some of the author's signature generosity and warmth, too.
This movie is highly enjoyable, and I laughed my head off.
More obnoxious than charming, this live-action adaptation of the beloved children's book tosses aside the author's gentle storytelling style in favor of aggressively chaotic mayhem filling every frame.
Action-heavy take on classic books has peril, edgy jokes.
The computer effects, which I'm always a bit wary of in live action films, is much more Babe than Alvin and the Chipmunks.
Have you ever wanted to watch General Hux at his most detached strangle the life out of realistic looking bunny while he curses him for driving him to murder?
Easy chuckles are no substitute for genuine charm. I'm just glad that Corden didn't insist on doing rabbit burrow karaoke.
[Will] Gluck wisely prevents Thomas from becoming a one-sided villain, but his run-ins with the animals play like a warmed-over retelling of Home Alone.
The live-action stars also shine, with an appealing Gleeson overcoming the unlikable aspects of Thomas, while Byrne plays as a lovely woman with a place in her heart for both a rabbit and a man.
A children's film that makes its adult audience take stock of their own actions and ways of thinking, particularly as the story ends up abandoning the concept of heroes and villains, and paints its characters with shades of grey.
There are good laughs along the way, but they're clobbered to death by Gluck's insistence that you acknowledge them.
The gentle spirit of Beatrix Potter's books is subsumed into a chaotic, violent mayhem, manically soundtracked to the day's hits.
While some will undoubtedly be amused, I certainly cannot count myself amongst any who would, this distasteful animation-live action hybrid an odious misfire I hope I never have to think about, let alone watch, ever again.
If perfect is the enemy of good, too-muchness is the enemy of enough in entertainment.
The movie, though set in the same serenely gorgeous Lake District countryside, resembles a sloppily tended garden plot where crude sight gags and violent set-pieces flourish like weeds, but anything resembling actual humor or delight refuses to take root.
Peter Rabbit is sometimes crass, but more often simply dull.
By trying to be contemporary, it loses the very qualities that have made it beloved in generations of nurseries.
[T]he film veers from its source material's innocent tone and simplistic morals for a good reason.
Owing as much to Bugs Bunny (and the slapstick of John Hughes's 'Home Alone' movies) as to Beatrix Potter, it nonetheless retains enough twee British humor to prove moderately fetching.
The hybrid of live action and animation is quite handsomely rendered and amusing, as it happens. But its creators overindulge, to the point of crassness, in cliches drawn from action movies and pop culture.
The always delightful Rose Byrne and Gleeson are terrific together, and in their interaction with the animated creatures... this is enough to lightly recommend the film despite its turning Peter into a jerk before his comeuppance.
The kid-friendly 'Peter Rabbit' merrily hops along.
"Peter Rabbit" is a charming children's film that captures the magic and whimsy of Potter's books while transporting those well-dressed rabbits to modern England.
It's not entirely unpleasant, but purists might find themselves in a permanent state of pearl-clutching with this aggressive carnival of talking animals and bodily harm.
I believe that the characters are real. It was a pleasant surprise.
I love the way the animation looks, I think it meshed well with the live action.
The war between Peter and two generations of McGregors eventually goes over the top and the romance between Thomas and the reconstituted Beatrix is utterly unconvincing, but Corden and company keep things hopping.
The computer-generated animals are charming, albeit lacking in the particular gentle winsomeness of Potter's originals.
For anyone familiar with the original "Peter Rabbit," it's a little depressing to see its storybook charm reduced to slapstick.
Balances the ramped-up pacing, postmodern winks and slapstick comedy you'd expect in current kids movies with the charm, affection and warmth that made Potter's books so cozy.
There's enough entertainment for parents here, and plenty of good-natured humor for kids.
Assuredly, it's cute and cuddly, but this is #NotMyPeterRabbit - and I'm left wondering, who is this actually for?
It all adds up to an uneven mess.
You're sure to have a hoppin' good time.
Even though this thoroughly contemporary adaptation frequently tramples the gentle whimsy of Potter's creation like so many bunnies overrunning a vegetable garden, it's also irresistibly entertaining.
It is nothing more than a good time for all the family. Which, considering that's all it clearly wants to be, means it pleasantly delivers.
The charm of Beatrix Potter's beloved bunny is buried in a cacophonous movie.
Peter Rabbit runs an engaging gamut of sight gags, cinematic chases and unadulterated dopiness.
It's essentially 'Rushmore' for kids.
When the last stick of dynamite goes off, and the last human is electrocuted, it's hard not to walk away thinking "that movie was so much better than I expected."
It's certainly a new spin, but those who make the leap will do so vigorously.
Peter Rabbit is never actually bad; it's just a somewhat relentless, exhausting stream of a lot of things that never realizes its potential to be something more complex and satisfying -- it's like the anti-Paddington 2.
Stuffed with slapstick and fuelled by an energetic soundtrack, the GGI/live action feature Peter Rabbit is sure to appeal to the youngsters at which is it aimed.
It only takes a few minutes for Peter Rabbit to misunderstand its source material twice.
Tosses out the very sentiments that make Beatrix Potter's work so beloved and so enduring in favor of the sullen bratty championing of cruelty and disenchantment. Nihilistic money-grubbing garbage.
Although it's far removed from the water-colour delicacy of Beatrix Potter's garden-patch tales, the new CGI-plus-live-action Peter Rabbit movie has a lot of boisterous hop to it.
Don't trust the trailers. Peter Rabbit is great.
They've managed to bring just enough anarchy and wise-assery to this beloved character to infuse him with fresh life, but without draining the material of the generosity and softness that have allowed it to endure in the first place.
Peter Rabbit plays like a country cousin to Paul King's Paddington films, similarly balancing slapstick, absurdism, and a touch of gross-out humor, though without King's transcendently oddball sensibility.
Peter Rabbit is a curious combination of tried and true British humor and the standard components that make up most younger geared American animated talking animal features; as it stands it's decent real-life/cartoon hybrid fun for the whole family
Peter Rabbit would prefer to be cool rather than charming, and ends up being utterly forgettable.
Peter Rabbit is a rousing bunny adventure for all ages. Beatrix Potter's classic hero gets hip and hilarious for modern times.
Peter Rabbit is the perfect spring film to bring the family together and appreciate the smaller things in life.
Peter Rabbit is better as a straight comedy than an adaptation of Beatrix Potter's beloved books. It's full of laughs, but never captures its source's warmth.
Suffering under a tirelessly "hip" script by Gluck and Rob Lieber, not to mention James Corden's typical desperation to please in the title role, poor Peter is only slightly less appealing than The Simpsons' focus-grouped pup Poochie.
[Domhnall Gleeson] needs to be cast in more comedies!
Awfully flimsy plotting ... fails to take full advantage of terrific production values and the work of an engaging cast led by the affably energetic James Corden.
Beatrix Potter fans will be torn between wanting to hug a photo-real Peter Rabbit and wanting to scream at what Hollywood has done with him.
This kids' animation is altogether lively and funny with just enough soul, even if it comes at the expense of Potter's sensitivity and delicacy.

@highlight

Peter Rabbit updates Beatrix Potter's classic characters with colorfully agreeable results that should entertain younger viewers while admittedly risking the wrath of purists.