A solid family-friendly film that embraces its quirky characters and their mischievous adventures.
With "Dog Days" and its been-there, done-that screenplay, the franchise takes a step backward.
With their recurring characters and suburban Anytown USA setting, these films represent a throwback to the assembly-line days of 'Andy Hardy' and 'Blondie' movies: They lack surprise but not laughs.
More efforts not to be wimpy.
Dog Days doesn't have the emotional pull of the last installment in the franchise, but it's still a vast improvement over the irritating series opener.
This third adventure holds up nicely with its breezy comic energy and kid-friendly messages about respecting people you allegedly care about.
Learn from your mistakes is the theme of this endearing third film in the franchise in which the awkward, tumultuous highs and lows of pubescence continue
Greg isn't just wimpy, but manipulative and selfish, and no amount of after-school-special lessons and father-son bonding in the final 10 minutes is enough to overcome that.
Sure, your kids will think it's funny. But if they've seen many movies, they're going to know they're looking at lowbrow jokes that are cheap and easily written - the kind of stuff kids tell each other in the halls at school.
With a further 3 novels yet to receive cinematic treatment, let's hope the youngsters can keep puberty at bay as judging by the quality on offer here, there's potential for many more enjoyable entries in the diary yet.
The acting may be cartoony and the action sketchy, but the film's breezy good-humour - personified by Robert Capron's kindly, loyal Rowley - makes it easy to like.
Mums and dads will know how Zahn feels when he threatens to rip all of the leads out of the back of the TV set.
A fairly entertaining movie for the younger kids but for all else not so funny.
An obvious improvement over 2010's subpar Diary of a Wimpy Kid...
Wimpy Kid doesn't need to use seizure-inducing, bright, shiny tricks to distract you from the thin plot, like disco dance floors and rats being hurled off of cruise ships in 3D.
It's Tom Sawyer for the age of video games, a scrappy, anecdotal affair...
A comfy, feelgood comedy that's fun for the whole family!
Though this one is better than the first two, this is now my least favorite trilogy.
Formulaic, family-friendy sequel, as Greg's angst takes a more adolescent turn.
If you're over the age of 12, chances are you're already too old for these movies.
If you're a ten-year-old boy (or have a ten-year-old boy's sense of humor), you should like this. And I'm nothing if not a big, fat, hairy ten-year-old boy.
What happened to madness? What happened to rebellion? Oh, what's the bloody point? Nobody's listening.
A throwback to the live action kid comedies Hollywood used to regularly turn out
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days is probably the most inoffensive kid's film you're likely to see this summer. And that's a good thing.
More Wimpy Kid fun mixed with worthy messages, potty humor.
Viewers enduring early adolescence or those grappling with its psychic scars will recognize the honesty in the comic humiliation.
Though often self-centered and conniving, Greg remains a likable kid, and the movie entertains by pulling off over-the-top scenarios that set up digestible life lessons for youngsters.
If written just a bit sharper, the film could have been a really affecting father-son tale. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Released right when summer starts to drag, Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days at least doesn't add to the exhaustion.
Rather good, skewering pre-teen anxieties with some wit and accuracy and sweetening the deal with dollops of gungy slapstick.
Greg Heffley... will learn some further lessons about not being a preteen jerk, but his audience will still be encouraged to find hilarity in crotch injuries and budding homophobia.
An entirely harmless and congenial tale of pre-teen social mayhem.
Even for an episodic kiddie farce, Dog Days seems overly familiar in its comic premises (oh no! peeing in the municipal pool!) and conflicts...but it’ll all be new to its intended audience...
For grumpy parents desperate for a few hours of peace, what's not to like?
The disappointing truth is that director David Bowers and the script deserve fail grades for their shambolic efforts.
The filmmakers who've adapted Jeff Kinney's Wimpy Kid series still know the sweet spots, even when - as in the case of the lesser installment like Diary Of A Wimpy Kid: Dog Days - they can't seem to decide on a story.
Old-fashioned and small in scale, the movies sometimes feel like after-school specials from a bygone era, which is part of what makes them so endearing.
I'd call "Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days" harmless if it weren't for some totally unnecessary gay-panic jokes that could actually encourage bullying.
Spending time with Kinney's characters has become an annual treat.
a fun, family movie that doesn't aspire, or need to be, anything more.
The third and, thus far, wisest installment based on Jeff Kinney's best-selling books.
At least the jokes about bodily functions are out of the way at the beginning ... unless one counts the family eating a pot roast that had been recently covered in dog saliva.
With each movie, the franchise becomes better at milking the formula that causes 4th graders to cringe with delight.
Real emotions get expressed. Real family harmony emerges.
Ends the series' winning streak, or at least slows it down to a panting, dog-day crawl.
It all makes for goofy fun, and physical comedy that will have parents rolling their eyes.
The execution isn't great. David Bowers, the director, allows too much hammy acting.
...I think it's possible that all tween audiences, wimpy or not, deserve better than this.
It's a long season for the crude Wimpy Kid routine, with this second sequel as lackluster and disjointed as the two films that preceded it. Dog Days indeed.
'Dog Days'...unfortunately proves an apt subtitle...maintains the relatively low standards of the earlier [films] without trying to raise them.
The sort of mischief that felt cutely wise-alecky up to this point often just doesn't work here.
Formulaic and utterly predictable
Perfectly workable popcorn entertainment for the school holidays.
[It's] formulaic in adhering to the sitcom-style tone of the first two films.
The third time might not be the charm, but this harmless family comedy proves more pleasant than its episodic 2011 installment.
Undoubtedly for younger moviegoers, but, like its predecessors, the film is oozing with silly antics, charming characters and, relatable situations and emotions anyone can appreciate.
Either they're getting better as they go along, or they're wearing me down.
We jump back and forth between so many other half-hearted threads that it can feel a bit like surfing between channels that strictly show episodes of a never-made "Wimpy Kid" TV show.
Like a kid in a mid-day algebra class, "Diary of a Wimpy Kid; Dog Days" only wakes up for the louder, crasser jokes its pals crack.
The third installment in the "Wimpy Kid" franchise turns out to be not so wimpy after all.
A half-hearted morality tale about taking responsibility for your actions as a sign of impending maturity.
There's some lively slapstick that young children should enjoy but little story to speak of and too many lame gags.
Some moments will test patience due to repetitive comic stereotyping, while Zahn's performance as Frank is supremely indulgent.
The warm, funny "Dog Days" is the best of the three fine "Wimpy Kid" movies.
It is less unified and more predictable than its predecessors, and doesn't play to all the franchise's earlier strengths.
Diary Of A Wimpy Kid benefits from not trying too hard, but it wouldn't hurt if it had tried just a little bit harder anyway.
Why are the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" movies so much less fun, and funny, than the best of the books created by Jeff Kinney?
Not the best of the "Wimpys," but Devon Bostick is still a laugh a minute as Rodrick, and for an hour the laughs come quick and sure - slapstick stuff, mostly.
Competent threequel that will appeal to fans of both the previous films and of Jeff Kinney's books, but it once again sidelines its best character, fails to deliver on its emotional moments and contains very few actual laughs.
Greg avoids the curse of the three in the third outing for the Wimpy Kid. Hardly groundbreaking but plenty of fun for its target audience.
As was the case with this film's two predecessors, the characters are unusually charming for a simple kid's film.
Slightly better than its predecessors - although it's still the same disjointed fluff about an aloof American middle-class kid with a bunch of hang-ups.

@highlight

Overly familiar and a bit too reliant on slapstick, the sitcom-like Dog Days fails to improve upon previous installments and will likely appeal to few outside its target audience.