The set-up recalls Michelangelo Antonioni's L'avventura but this mystery becomes a vehicle for social drama and sharp observations of friendships and marriages under pressure.
Clever, compassionate, and completely riveting.
The film is both riveting and resonant in overwhelming measures, and will remain one of the best released this year.
This is a well-written, directed and acted film. The camera work by Hossein Jafarian is excellent. The story has a lot of sustained drama and mystery. Many women will view this very differently than most men in the audience.
[The film has] a flair for the quietly theatrical and the conviction that various codes of gender and honour (religious, tribal, legal, or whatever) outweigh human connections in moments of extreme stress.
About Elly stands as another strong example of one of the world's true emerging talents.
Farhadi has written a first-rate script, enabling intricate plotting to intertwine with well-defined characters, and "About Elly" shows him at ease with the wide variety of situations his writing explores.
"About Elly" is a stunning surprise package, profound in utterly unexpected ways.
The director is as concerned with gender politics and the effects of moral traditions as he is with telling a riveting drama.
Discoveries drive the viewing experience, with layers peeled masterfully by Farhadi, who guides an exceptional cast to realistic stages of shock and sadness.
By the time the mystery is solved, it hardly seems to matter. What matters is the casual lack of honesty that almost everyone seems to depend on.
If you don't know the work of Asghar Farhadi, you should.
Group mentality reaches for one lie after another in Iranian tale
Farahani, the standout among the cast, has a face Hollywood will soon be touting and can suffer on camera in ways the neorealists would have loved.
It's an incisive portrait of a particular society, but it should resonate everywhere.
"About Elly" is further certification that Farhadi is one of the world's finest filmmakers.
Digs painfully deep into gender politics among modern-day middle-class Iranians.
About Elly is devastating because the lies here are simultaneously necessary, useless, and so dreadfully familiar.
There are no false notes anywhere in this cast of performers.
Always, murmuring just beneath the surface, there's a political undercurrent to Farhadi's films, a gentle whisper of a critique aimed at the weight of Iran's combined cultural and political intransigence.
It is perhaps Farhadi's richest, most complex and ambitious.
[A] suspenseful domestic intrigue deeply rooted in traditional Iranian mores and social codes.
A fascinating discovery from a filmmaker whose sensitivity to the most confounding motivations is equalled only by his compassion for those who succumb to them.
The ensemble cast is excellent with all giving solid performances and imbue their characters with believable depth and complexity.
This is masterful, assured, even thrilling work, a thing of beauty and mystery.
About Elly is an exploration of human nature and how sometimes, without intending to, we hurt the ones we love most - including ourselves.
This is the fourth of [Farhadi's] six movies, and by this point he's begun to perfect the art of withholding and is close to mastering emotional suspense.
This pot-boiler takes the viewer by surprise after a slow start, but the start is too long and the surprise too short.
The dense interweave of relationships, a Farhadi specialty, is continually compelling.
It's breezy, then suspenseful, and gradually, crushingly sad. On its own terms, it's a perfect film.
"About Elly" is an essential step in the evolution of one of the most emerging talents on the international filmmaking scene.
It has taken six years for this terrific film to work its way back to us, and if possible I think it's even better and more relevant in 2015 than when it was made.
We might not care about any of the characters -- it's doubtful that Farhadi wants us to -- but it's difficult to escape the implication that their situation reflects that of their entire society and, in many ways, our own.
"About Elly" shows that the ethical dilemmas of ordinary adults can, with this level of talent, become as gripping as any thriller.
A thriller perched right on the fault line between modern thinking and Islamic tradition.
As with director Asghar Farhadi's Oscar-winning "A Separation," this new film lets truth slowly be revealed through mystery - and after a shocking incident.
It's further confirmation of Farhadi's peerless skills as a dramatist, with a special talent for drawing prismatic meaning from simple premises.
This is clearly the work of a master in the making, an artist on the cusp of greatness. Farhadi may be fixated on fibbers, but there's almost no one working today who makes films so emotionally honest.
Its belated appearance should be welcomed by cinephiles, as it offers solid proof of this writer-director's distinctive gifts.
If it can be a touch too narratively byzantine and heavy-handed, it's still a quietly devastating throwback to the classics of drama.
There is a mastery of tone here that shows a great director completely at home with his characters.
You begin to wonder to what extent the film is a critique of an entire society in which the disparity between tradition and modernity is irreconcilable.
A drama about guilt and responsibility set against the backdrop of male domination in Iranian society that even affects the secular and well-educated milieu depicted in this gripping drama.
This superb, suspenseful film ... opens as a playful comedy of vacationing couples and awkward romance, one that might be set in the French countryside, but by the end has become a moral drama likely to corrode your certainties.
Rarely have layers of truth been so expertly peeled away than in About Elly, a drama from the Oscar-winning director of A Separation.
About Elly confirms director Asghar Farhadi as a major talent in Iranian cinema whose ability to chronicle the middle-class malaise of his society is practically unrivaled.
"About Elly" both clutches us tight and shuts us out, adding wave upon wave of secrets and lies.
Asghar Farhadi's sensibility embodies a combination of empathy and paranoia that's striking considering that the latter is normally driven by self-absorption.
A naturalistic story that turns into an attention-grabbing psychological thriller as friend blames friend for the death of a fellow vacationer.
Farhadi's expert at foreboding; these vacationers' sheer exultation is soon limned by a sense of life as coming tragedy, its sure and steady sadness rolling in like the surf.
The early singing and charades sequences go on a bit too long, but from the moment there is an incident on the beach, you'll be concerned for everyone involved.
Superbly acted, morally challenging, packed with legitimate suspense, this is film-making of a high order.
Farhadi confirms his masterly way with heartrending human dramas.
Once again, Farhadi has told an ordinary story in an extraordinary way.
A remarkable film that deserves as much acclaim as Farhadi's award-winner.
Really it's a picture of loneliness, in a land where speaking together in honesty and sharing the cries of the heart are things you do only in a crisis or an emergency.
A fascinating psychological drama.
Farhadi's films are like moral whodunits, and as Sepideh and her friends gradually unearth the truth, he expertly buffets our sympathies in all directions until the very last shot.
Incredibly gripping and brilliantly directed, About Elly is a truly memorable and emotionally engaging Iranian drama with an outstanding lead performance by Golshifteh Farahani.
Bursting with energy, this ensemble drama from Iran is raucous, chaotic and packed with strong emotion
The film's escalating energy, hysteria even, and moral debates will invite comparisons to the hothouse drama of 'A Separation'.
Farhadi's gifted storytelling and direction is on show again in a damning look at Iranian society.
Another shrewdly gauged study of our capacity for deception and self-deception from A Separation's auteur. Emotionally devastating.
Farhadi constructs a taut story, as precariously balanced on luck and lies as that of a French farce, and then lets it spring holes before our eyes.
One of the most remarkable Iranian films to surface in the last few years, About Elly is a small but compelling ensemble piece of surprising depth.
While not equaling the depth of characterization of Farhadi's previous films, About Elly takes the complexity of his storytelling to a fascinating level. However, the variable quality of the thesping also prevents the pic from being his best work.
The film's tone is primarily, even exclusively, reflective; observing human behavior simply because humans are interesting.
By allowing a slow-build to his drama, Asghar Farhadi ensures we get a feel for the extended family dynamic before wrong-footing the characters and his audience with the suddeness and deftness of a heartbeat.

@highlight

About Elly offers viewers performances as powerful as its thought-provoking ideas, and adds another strong entry to Asghar Farhadi's impressive filmography.