Cowboys & Aliens succeeds brilliantly as a summer film. Beautifully designed, full of crazy action sequences that are genuinely original, the flick is a perfect escapist fantasy into the Weird West.
From the cool special effects, to its top-notch acting and wickedly fun concept, Cowboys and Aliens is just that film that you may in fact hate to love. But it is really enjoyable.
[Jon] Favreau goes for iconic over smart and if you like any of the things on the above check list, chances are you'll have a pretty good time at Cowboys & Aliens.
It is a rare film that can take two icons of toughness, namely Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford, and make them into laughing stock, but Cowboys & Aliens managed this feat repeatedly.
It's not common knowledge that aliens were in on the gold rush. Oh, yeah. That's why this story takes place in 1873. Aliens were panning for gold too, see, using advanced panning technology. Riiiight.
The post-racial utopian vision is nice, but you'd hope it wouldn't take an alien invasion before we finally come to it.
Why is this gloriously schlocky premise treated with such ponderous solemnity?
The film is driven more by its concept than by its plot but it's still a fun summer film.
Expensive, a misfire, but perfectly servicable for what it is
Delivers on the promise of an exciting genre mash-up but, even with a talented cast and revered team of writers, fails to weave a fulfilling story.
Patchy, if enjoyable in parts, but nowhere near as awesome as that title suggests it should be.
Jon Favreau's "Cowboys & Aliens" is a film that starts off with promise, but quickly loses its way as it tries to merge two different genres.
Rather refreshingly what-you-see-is-exactly-what-you-get: a western with aliens grafted on, or a sci-fi invasion film with cowboys grafted on--nothing more, nothing less.
A mercilessly boring, wasted opportunity that forgets to have a sense of humor, charisma, or aliens.
It must be said upfront that, for all its problems and script deficiencies, Cowboys & Aliens is probably the most continually entertaining effort of director Jon Favreau's still relatively young career.
... A dour affair that fails to capture the spirit of either genre.
While we were hoping and rightly expecting some old school magic from the director of Iron Man, the director of Iron Man 2 showed up.
'Reach for the skies' has a whole new meaning now. The science-fiction Western 'Cowboys & Aliens' is an entertaining, genre-blending romp. It's a serious movie, too - a drama with comedic moments - and that makes it all the more exciting.
Not the Boys Own Adventure it could have been, but a fun - if often flawed - romp.
Not what you'd expect . . .
No amount of gee-whiz techno-wizardry or nifty pop-cultural juxtapositions can save Cowboys & Aliens from two terrible truths: it has a dud script, and a dud director.
full review at Movies for the Masses
we get a standard story, some decent setpieces and only a few funny lines...Take the ride, but don't blame us if you end up saddle sore.
Uma diversão eficiente que, sim, poderia ter explorado sua ótima premissa com mais cuidado, mas que ao menos não a desperdiçou com "homenagens" tolas e auto referenciais.
The two marquee stars don't interact much, the "big" action pieces are fairly ho-hum, and the movie just cowpokes along when it seems like it should be having a lot more galloping fun.
As always, the men's transformations -- from selfish, ignorant individuals into something like a community -- are helped along by their union against a common enemy.
I don't think too many people are going to wander into the theater expecting The Tree of Life. The film delivers exactly what it promises.
So in much the same way that 'Transformers' is essentially a robot war with a few humans stumbling around trying to get laid; this film should really have been called 'Alien Bracelet Vs. Aliens... With Some Cowboys Falling Off Their Horses'.
I'm now convinced that the non-cast related quality of the first Iron Man happened entirely by accident.
"A fun idea with just enough action, welcoming actors, and big-budget effects to make it perfect Sunday matinee material."
The cowboys: great. The aliens: not so much. There's fun to be had here, but it falls way short of the pulp classic it could have been.
A film where the occasional sense of fun is far outweighed by the omnipresent sense of stupid.
There's no fun in this humourless picture, no revealing connections made between the two genres so forcibly yoked together.
I can't think of another premise this year that promised so many schlocky high concept thrills but delivered so little.
Overall, a dull, overblown and forgettable farrago.
There is nothing that fascinating about Favreau's treatment, nor his source material, but compared with similar blockbuster fare of recent months, this curious exercise in genre bending is very watchable.
It does actually seem to work, giving audiences a healthy number of action pieces and a solid storyline that isn't as bonkers as it looks on paper - if you're willing to suspend a massive dollop of belief that is.
There's no doubt seeing a cowboy leap from a horse on to a spaceship is all kinds of awesome.
This is bone-dry fare; you can practically brush the dust from your lips afterwards.
I wanted to more than love Cowboys & Aliens. For two hours I wanted to feel 17 again.
The men's relationship is dull and under-explored and the plot is slow, unexciting and silly. Craig is a lot more fun in a tuxedo than a stetson.
If you can swallow the shameless set-up, it's all highly entertaining.
Jon Favreau handles the big setpieces with competence if no great flair; whenever the plot backs itself into a corner something else will make a sudden, inexplicable interruption.
A wild and spaced-out horse opera.
This is definitely a film of two halves - the first is a fantastic western-mystery, the second is a lazy and silly sci-fi.
Why has there never been a film about cowboys beating up extra-terrestrials? This movie will give you a pretty good idea.
You'd think that a movie that covers both the science fiction and western genres would be a lot funnier than this.
Favreau ... allows the material's imaginative possibilities to flare up and fade away.
The density of inanity at the conceptual core of this crass sci-fi western starring Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford pushes outwards, inflating fatuous substance and propelling bric-a-brac in all directions.
The premise does pretty much what it says on the tin.
For all its A-list ingredients of concept, cast and director, the resulting mash-up is merely a superior B-movie, as uncertain a fusion as potato on a pizza.
Yes, yes, cowboys punching aliens in the face can be funny. But it doesn't make this silly endeavour worthwhile.
The plot has so many holes and unexplained phenomena that it's hard to know where to begin.
Craig is a bona fide action star who shouldn't be reduced to spitting out lines like "Demons took your gold" in a husky Southern drawl.
Jon Favreau made a really good comic book adaptation out of the original Iron Man but like every director he's dependant on a good screenplay and this one relies on clichés and having taken on this mix of genres it actually isn't wild enough conceptually.
Unfortunately, Cowboys and Aliens takes itself way too seriously to really ignite.
What started as 'True Grit'-meets-'War of the Worlds' ends up closer to - whisper it - 'Wild Wild West'.
Enjoyable, well made and superbly acted sci fi-slash-Western adventure that duly delivers both cowboys and aliens, though a little bit of humour wouldn't have gone amiss.
All hat, no tentacles.
It wasn't unreasonable to expect Favreau ... would at least provide something that felt fresh. Cowboys and Aliens does not feel fresh. But, it does feature cowboys fighting aliens, and sometimes that's all you really need.
A simple entertainment in a summer of overcomplicated disappointments. Also much harder-edged than you may have expected.
Admirably preposterous in its high concept idea (the title tells it all), Cowboys & Aliens makes the most of a Wild West setting and a sci-fi fantasy
There's action and adventure, a protagonist with amnesia, a ruthless landowner, a beautiful girl with an aura of mystery, a youngster about to become a man and an Indian who believes in hoodoo. It's a fresh idea that works
It's not without its moments but all the imagination seems to have been expended on the title.
An entertaining Western that sticks very close to the genre and only incidentally features bad guys from another planet.
Favreau's solid adaptation of a popular 2006 graphic novel remains true to both genres while being confidently grounded in western lore for maximum novelty value.
Favreau had the opportunity to do something remarkable with Cowboys & Aliens but instead ended up making a movie that feels completely underwhelming once the credits start rolling.
There is a lot of fun to be had in this sci-fi/western mash-up that plays out as one of the most superbly crafted B-movies you're going to find this side of Tarantino.
Takes itself much too seriously, with acts of brutality outnumbering the gags.
Cowboys out duel aliens in clever mash-up.
Enjoyable, but less fun than such low-stakes predecessors as 'The Phantom Empire' with Gene Autry and 'Jesse James Meets Frankenstein's Daughter.'
Feels like a flick that was poked, tweaked, reformatted and re-edited at least a dozen times.
Talented director John Favreau ("Iron Man") keeps the pace of the film brisk and you never have to wait long for some action to come along.
Everything in this movie is borrowed from other movies.
Blend fails to revitalize either genre
As its title indicates, this is a strange cross of movie genres, and lest any viewers get antsy, it doesn't allow much time to pass before we first encounter UFOs in the Old West. The film takes its time unraveling the rest of the story...
Cowboys and Aliens isn't the self-aware, campy romp I was expecting...This movie plays its ludicrous idea dead straight and pulls it off with firm conviction.
It's a good time at the movies -- something all these summer releases aim for, but very often don't achieve.
takes itself too seriously, thus bleeding it of the pulpy, B-movie fun the title suggests
When the overwrought alien element arrives full bore, it turns a compelling western into a cheesy, laughable "alien attacks!" B-movie.
Fun to watch, yet relatively disposable.
Cowboys and Aliens is an uninspired, third-rate rehash of Western and monster movie lore. It turns genre into formula.
"Just don't think," someone suggests. Good advice for watching the movie, too.
Like Snakes on a Plane or Shoot Em Up, it makes its B-movie intentions abundantly clear. And as far as high-gloss make-believe goes, it does the job.
Only the Apaches really get it - that figures.
The title says it all so if you are okay with that you'll be okay with the movie.
It's fun to think about what Cowboys & Aliens might have been if any creativity had crept past the title page.
Authentic & entertaining, it pushes the envelope of frontier folklore.
Yes, it's another summer flick that starts out promisingly and then loses itself in the obligatory second-half mayhem.
Boldly subverting its own Wild West iconic roots, the movie baffles as a 'why can't we all just get along' western paranormal self-parody, whatever that is. Though director Favreau has assembled an impressive enough cast to cloak the runaway silliness.
...fine peformances by Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, Abigail Spencer, Keith Carradine, and Sam Rockwell well directed by Jon Favreau make this highly entertaining.
It's OK. That's definitely not what you want. You want COWBOYS! and ALIENS! The film never quite gets there after a great start.
The picture's army of authors has elected to merely plug in conventional story devices that would have worked just as well in movies named Cops & Barracudas or Doctors & Crocodiles or even Accountants & Amoebas.
What's next, the Lone Ranger and Tonto take on the Body Snatchers?
It's a straight bland whiskey drink of a western, with a garnish of aliens on top.
Cowboys & Aliens is an agreeable time-killer, but I'll bet a couple of clever kids could make a livelier movie with a Woody puppet and a Predator doll.
In a long summer of mediocre, effects-laden action pictures, Cowboys and Aliens is one of the most mediocre of all.
... a desperate-to-please amalgam that combines the hoariest clichés of both the western and science fiction thriller ... The action sequences range from "They went that-a-way" humdrum to, when spears prove the equal of alien blasters, downright idiotic.
Favreau handles it with efficiency if not innovation or inspiration. It's fun but in a ho-hum kind of way.
...a distressingly underwhelming summer blockbuster.
Hey, wouldn't a prequel to Independence Day about an advance alien scout ship landing in the Old West be cool? Surprise! It is.
You want cowboys. You want aliens. And you want them to fight...it didn't promise anything else.
Cowboys & Aliens is no less than the first colossal, epic turd of the Summer of 2011.
I had high hopes for the audacious concept of Cowboys and Aliens and was disappointed by the film's flatness and lack of any real sparks or ingenuity outside of the efforts of its worthy cast.
Mystery, suspense, sci-fi shenanigans, gunplay and horsemanship fill the screen in one of my favorite summer offerings to date.
Ed Wood Jr.'s debacles were at least humorous.
Despite an interesting premise and a good cast, Cowboys & Aliens never quite comes together.
(The leads) have the necessary chemistry to carry 'Cowboys & Aliens' for its rip-roaring two hours. True, Daniel Craig handles all the rough and tough physicality, while the elder Harrison Ford is, appropriately, much more reserved.
It's got explosions and horse-riding and fighting and monsters aplenty, but it evaporates almost as you're watching it.
All the cliches of cowboy films and alien films are there. But I wasn't expecting them not to be. It's a fun western, and throwing in some alien goo makes it all the more fun.
I have no real argument against the film's execution of its concept other than that it is brutally boring.
Part of the fun in Cowboys & Aliens is spotting all the movie clichés which can be enjoyed for what they are because the film has no relation to any reality other than that of the cinema.
After a mindless conclusion, I realized that two hours had been wasted on this convoluted mess. This botched opportunity to revive the old-fashioned Western puts this movie at the bottom of the barrel right alongside Will Smith's "Wild Wild West."
Another assembly-line Hollywood blockbuster, a Western for people who have never seen Westerns, and a science-fiction movie for people who don't like science fiction.
trips the light fantastic ambling through idioms from classic westerns while piling on the CGI of nasty creatures from another world driving the action
If you can ride over a short rough section, you ultimately get an enjoyable collision between two disparate cinematic worlds.
It works because it takes itself seriously without winking or smirking.
[A] phenomenally successful two-man war against narrative clarity and continuity.
...a solid disappointment, a movie that's been presold as an epic when it can barely break out of the genres its junking.
Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford make a terrific, no-nonsense tandem, but there is a certain absurdity to the whole affair that makes the picture seem a bit small in scope.
Reminiscent of 'Starship Troopers.' Just about everything in it is downright ridiculous, but it's such an amusing and enjoyable fantastical adventure, who cares?
Cool but predictable sci-fi Western has lots of violence.
Director Jon Favreau earns his Western bona fides with a sharp eye for casting and locations. The first characters we see, after Daniel Craig, are a trio of authentic-looking cowboys played by Western veteran Buck Taylor and his two sons...
This film is laden with an abundance of cliches associated with the Old West. And where is Sigourney Weaver when you need her?
As bland as as plate of frontier beans.
James Bond and Indiana Jones team up to fight cave trolls from Lord of the Rings who've come to Earth in the Black Fortress from Krull.
It works as a summer movie because it takes two very different genres and prove they can go together like, well, popcorn and soda.
A film that entertains, even if it doesn't live up to the full-on madness potential the title portended.
They actually made a real movie beneath that crazy title.
With Cowboys & Aliens, you get two B-movies for the price of one.
The film doesn't live; it merely exists, content to keep our eyeballs occupied without investing any more than is absolutely necessary.
Favreau does enough things right to churn out a mostly enjoyable bit of mindless summertime action, just not enough to come close to rivaling his 2008 crowd-pleaser Iron Man.
Solid bordering on stolid. It's Favreau in control again after Avengers advert Iron Man 2 - but given the possibilities, a mild, mild west. More horsing around and another set-piece or two might've helped.
Cowboys & Aliens" is pure escapist enjoyment. It's a bit corny and retro, but somehow it works.
For all that this mish-mash does right, I give it a 6 out of 10...but, wow, was there a chance at summer popcorn greatness missed here. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
Lacks an extraordinary pace that would normally accompany the collision of two disparate genres, the picture is an entertaining slice of summer escapism, blasting away with a blissful discharge of six-guns and lasers.
...manages quite capably to blend two genres producing surprisingly entertaining b-movie pulp.
With so many revisions from a number of writers, it feels like everyone added their own color to the piece until it all faded to gray.
It's just big silly fun, the kind you're supposed to have at a summer movie with a ridiculous title.
The flaw in Cowboys & Aliens is no sense of humor. What could be more fun than cowboys and aliens? Flaw aside, this is Saturday afternoon matinee fun.
It's a Western that doesn't feel like a Western, a science fiction film without the allure of science fiction and an action movie without good action. It's disappointing.
Strong performances by the actors helped me buy into this idea hook, line and sinker - it's crazy fun.
It's not just low-energy -- at times the film barely seems to have a pulse.
Bang! Bang! You're Bored. What we get are leaden dialogue ("My name is Ella. Where did you get your bracelet?"), sophomoric chatter ("Don't yank it. It's not your pecker.), and clichéd gabbling ("Jesus, Mary, and Joseph! How did they build this thing?")
The small moments of poetry ... are lost amid too much digital sound and fury.
The cowboys and aliens are here, sure enough. They just didn't bring enough fun with them.
It's a fairly decent time-waster, and you could do a lot worse this summer, but I wish that it had conjured up a sense of fun, or a sense of the ridiculous. It should have had a scrappy "B" movie spirit, instead of a lethargic "A" movie spirit.
Over on the aliens side, it's hard to make out faces, but there's no doubt about their place of origin: These slimy, growling, bug-eyed and distinctly non-scary things are straight from central casting.
Characters are so sketchily drawn that little is really at stake here.
If you were curious about this movie because you thought there might be more to it than the obvious, don't overthink it -- the title truly is all you're going to get.
It squanders its admittedly appealing premise in such a way so that viewers coming out of it feeling even more bummed out because it should have and could have been so much better.
Nothing very exciting happens.
The action is involving, the characters have a bit more heft than your average gang of desperadoes and the creature design - part "Alien," part hunchback of Notre Dame, part Barbra Streisand (scary talons) - is ingenious.
It may be two treats in one, but for an audience that's pigged out on spectacle all summer, that might be two treats too many.
The movie gets by on the strength of agreeable talent who enjoy playing along and can endure the horse manure and space goo being shovelled.
This sharp-looking, committee-written adaptation of a genre-splicing graphic novel wins points by frequently, smartly and affectionately tipping its hat to classic Westerns and their archetypes.
The idea of mixing cowboy movie imagery with Sci-Fi concepts is a welcome original idea. It's just not executed to the awesome levels that are possible.
Underwhelming and disappointing. With five screenwriters, the film lacked substance and connection to the characters which made the decent action scenes appear worthless.
...maybe Jon Favreau would have been better off making a true modern Western, not this shiny bauble of a mashup.
It has cowboys, and, indeed, it has aliens. Unfortunately, that's about all it seems the movie's five screenwriters ... thought it needed.
In fact, with this performance and his recurring role as James Bond, Craig may be the baddest man on the planet. To paraphrase a popular joke, Daniel Craig is so bad that Chuck Norris has his poster on his wall.
Might not be the rousing sci-fi action movie some might expect, but there's more than enough fun summer entertainment to make it worthwhile, especially if you're a fan of Westerns.
One wonders if there is a darker, grittier script for Cowboys & Aliens on Jon Favreau's night stand, dog-eared and tear-stained over what might have been.
You expect a wild romp through the Wild West with interesting, colorful characters leading the way, and that's far from what's delivered here.
the long list of writers and producers may have been a factor in a disappointing last act that shows evidence of compromise and lack of focus.
As meticulous and deliberate as the narrative is early on, it is just as clumsy and ineffectual in the second half.
Although no one actually says 'This town ain't big enough for the both of us,' or 'Take me to your leader' Cowboys & Aliens does indeed incorporate many of its mash-up movie roots and it does so well.
It's hard to say what is most depressing about "Cowboys & Aliens" - the film itself, or the fact that this was the best movie a posse of major Hollywood players could come up with.
A handful of good scenes do not a great movie make.
Favreau delivers on the promise of Cowboys & Aliens by delivering cowboys and aliens, but for the first time in his 10-year directing career, there isn't a lot waiting for us beyond the filmmaker's basic plot summary
A crowd-pleasing summer movie with more wit than most.
A stultifying pileup of nonsense and stupidity, with way too many cowboys (and Indians and Mexicans and a scrappy mutt and a cute, brave orphan) and not nearly enough aliens.
Favreau's film doesn't take any risks, reducing the stakes to the point where the movie descends quickly from its fun exposition to a collection of meaningless explosions and predictable action sequences.
The storytelling, punctuated by incoherent flashbacks, is often inscrutable: I'm still trying to figure out which side of the cosmos gave birth to the woman played by Olivia Wilde.
There is enough to like and to savor in Cowboys & Aliens that it makes for an enjoyable two hours in the dark with a big bag of buttery popcorn.
Director Jon Favreau's competent adaptation of the Hollywood-ready graphic novel delivers on every ounce of its one-joke premise: you'll see cowboys fighting aliens. You'll get very little else.
[A] loud new action genre mash-up.
Cowboys & Aliens is terribly generic -- and mostly joyless, too.
Given its title, you'd expect the picture to be a lot of fun. The most surprising thing about it is that you'd be wrong.
A cool new 'War of the Worlds' set in the Old West...blends western and sci-fi elements with surprising success.
Feels like two fairly generic movies that don't quite add to up to more than the sum of their parts.
Action-packed yet curiously lifeless, "Cowboys & Aliens" shoots blanks.
Director Jon Favreau certainly puts up a valiant effort to make it all gel but he's working with material from six credited writers. The Frankenstein-ish Cowboys & Aliens feels like it has been pieced together from spare bits.
Cowboys & Aliens could have been the tangelo of genre-blenders. Instead, it's more like the Jimmy Dean Chocolate Chip Pancake & Sausage on a Stick.
The Searchers meet Independence Day. Great fun.
There's just a whole lot of malarky going on here.
Can a Hollywood movie be highly derivative and refreshingly original at the same time? Would Indiana Jones and James Bond make a good buddy flick?
'Cowboys & Aliens' is a bland, faceless, callow, moronic, poorly assembled action movie that felt more like playing with plastic cowboys and Indians than shooting an actual gun.
As far as summer popcorn flicks go, Cowboys & Aliens offers a welcome jolt of originality in a season marked by sequels and brand names. It's just too bad it never quite realizes its full potential.
"Cowboys & Aliens" (loosely based on a 2006 graphic novel of the same name) provides a slick cinematic vehicle for two of the toughest actors of their generations.
As its Z-grade movie title suggests, Cowboys & Aliens isn't Hamlet. It's more like Omelet, an eggy, cheesy mess with big chunks of chewy smoked ham.
Tonally, the movie is off: not quite as sober and majestic as the John Ford westerns it's inspired by, nor as ironic and irreverent as, well, Favreau's two Iron Man films.
I hope this kicks off a late-career reinvention that finds Ford spending his remaining years playing cowboys sans aliens.
[Favreau] wavers uncertainly between goofy pastiche and seriousness in a movie that wastes its title and misses the opportunity to play with, you know, ideas about the western and science-fiction horror.
A rousing action drama that mixes film genres and comes up with a winner propelled by strong performances by Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford.
It has eight separate screenwriting credits split among six different people, who between them create one halfway decent joke. Brutal math, that.
Alien-invasion aficionados should be pleased. Western nostalgists may be pleasantly surprised. Fans of cowboys-versus-aliens movies, well, it's been a long wait and here's your movie.
This cross between "True Grit" and "Super 8" is a victim of special-effects fatigue, and an example of how ideas can go wrong when good filmmakers do nothing.
Cowboys & Aliens is so preposterous that it could collapse into a steaming pile of Wild Wild West at any moment. Yet the actors are so good at appearing convinced that this malarkey is really happening.
While I'd love to see Favreau tackle a straight-up western, minus the aliens, COWBOYS & ALIENS is still a fun-filled summer blockbuster. Craig and Ford are great.
If there were a Hippocratic oath for movies, and there should be, it would be "first, do not suck."
The filmmakers here (who include director Jon Favreau (Iron Man), five credited writers, and countless special-effects technicians) don't seem to have agreed on whether they're paying homage to these genres or mocking them.
How the West was Lost in Space.
Cowboys & Aliens is a mashup of a mediocre Western and a mediocre science fiction story. The resulting film is far better than the sum of its two seemingly disparate parts.
The mash-up of cowboys and aliens doesn't do either camp any favors. How are we supposed to work up a rooting interest when both sides are shooting blanks?
Aside from the idea of mixing two well-loved genres, there is not a single original thought. The creators seem to have turned off their creative juices after identifying as many genre set pieces as possible.
It's like a double feature but with all the boring bits taken out and all the fight scenes run together.
A Western-oater-meets-sci-fi flick that takes itself way more seriously than any film with a title like "Cowboys & Aliens" ought to.
I don't care if you write Pirates and Dinosaurs or Unicorns vs. Robots, you can't go on lunch after coming up with the title.
The movie never makes much of a case for its own existence; it's a mediocre western clumsily welded to a mediocre alien shoot-'em-up, and if you allow yourself to think about its treatment of history for as long as one second, you'll feel insulted.
You want cowboys and aliens in the same movie? This one's for you. If you want anything beyond what the title promises, look elsewhere. And that means even anything resembling a clever mash-up of established genres.
Five credited screenwriters, and this is the best they can do?
As preposterous moneymakers go, it's ambitious and well-made.
Never goes further than its basic fanboy-baiting title, which it enacts with grim single-mindedness.
Call me silly, but I thought a movie titled Cowboys & Aliens might be fun.
Way beyond a cheap exploitation of two beloved genres. Nothing is spared to do full justice to both sides of the experiment.
Takes itself more seriously than any film called 'Cowboys & Aliens' ever should.
Dialogue is terse and predictable, and the sci-fi thriller portion is even less compelling than the Western saga.
Considering its pedigree, I was expecting (and hoping) for more, but, as it stands, the mash up of genres still entertains
Cowboys & Aliens is a collision of genres that leaves a mess, but what a mess! It's a smash-up between the outer spaces of the west and the outer space of the cosmos. It shouldn't work, but it does. It's rollicking fun.
The B-movie marquee title of Cowboys and Aliens suggests a picture that's more irreverent, imaginative, and fun than the turgid movie that stands behind it.
You'll see cowboys, you'll see aliens, and you'll see the cowboys fight the aliens. The filmmakers seem to think the very idea is clever and bold enough to carry a two hour movie
It really is "Aliens'' on the open plains, "Independence Day'' for the nation's centennial, and what the movie lacks in originality and stick-to-your-ribs Western authenticity, it makes up for in pell-mell multiplex entertainment.
Will somebody please stand up and give me some different aliens.
...and Indians, peyote, a kid, a girl, and the dazzling masculine energy of Daniel Craig. Highly original and takes this summer's pride of place.
Cowboys & Aliens has fun moments, but it's a plodding entertainment because it mostly tastes like leftovers.
"Cowboys & Aliens" is exactly what it sounds like: a cowboy movie and an alien movie thrown together, a genre mash-up that's more fun than good, but pretty good nonetheless.
What makes the movie work, really, is that above and beyond the conventions themselves doing their jobs, the actors seem truly invested...
Neither a Western nor an alien film, really, just another Hollywood blockbuster massaged and pruned within an inch of its life.
This movie is the definition of a dud, something that just sits inert on screen.
I love westerns, I love sci-fi and, by and large, I love genre mash-ups. And I still didn't like Cowboys & Aliens.
Cowboys & Aliens is one of the silliest movies ever made, but so many otherwise serious people have attached their names to it that, as Arthur Miller wrote in Death of a Salesman, attention must be paid.
The Jon Favreau film brandishes a literal-minded title as laughable as the rest of its action.
As in his handling of the first Iron Man, [Favreau] displays here the rare ability to patiently lay down the track along which his narrative will move, and he gets some good work from his performers.
The story flows in fits and starts like a row of dominoes set too far apart for them to fall properly. "Cowboys and Aliens" is a poorly told story.
Favreau slipped from fresh and flamboyant on "Iron Man" to lame and listless on its sequel, and there's more of the latter on "Cowboys & Aliens."
... a troubling misfire because it feels like all the elements were in place for something special and fun, and instead, it is an exercise with no result, window dressing in search of a film.
The picture tries to fuse western and sci-fi genres but the sci-fi aspect is generic and weaker than the former.
This isn't the Oscar-y western like True Grit or Unforgiven. It's like the real westerns of old Hollywood and the Italian era, just a great yarn with cool characters.
Craig channels Clint Eastwood's Man With No Name, adding a dose of modern edginess and a dab of Steve McQueen cool.
A ripping good ride.
It sounds kooky on paper, but on the screen, cowboys and aliens make beautiful, fun music together.
Two movies (and two genres) for the price of one, this ultimate popcorn movie of the summer is a mishmash by design, in which Bond meets Han Solo/Indiana Jones, though more effective as Western than sci-fi thriller.
Cowboys & Aliens is a nearly exact description of the conflict at the heart of Jon Favreau's latest film. A better one is Cliché & Exposition.



@highlight

Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford are as dependably appealing as ever, but they're let down by director Jon Favreau's inability to smooth Cowboys &amp; Aliens ' jarring tonal shifts.